said that to me,” Tony muttered, glass fogging for every breath he took, the scenery bellow barely registering.
Maybe, maybe he should have told Tony about his parents. About what truly happened that night in the fated car accident? Probably he should have helped relieved Tony’s guilt and self-hatred for the happenings of that night and relieve some of the ill feelings he had of his own father. Blaming Howard Stark as much as himself for the death of his mother.
“You love me, yeah, I know,” it sounded so self-depreciating that Steve actually flinched.
Maybe…but there wasn’t any use dwelling on maybes. What he and Tony shared had been broken and as much as they tried to sweep it under the rug and start again it just wasn’t—
“You have to understand! I didn’t intend to make promises I couldn’t keep!
“Tony—” Steve hesitated, wanting to desperately reach out and pull Tony close. Hold him to his chest, tuck his head in the crook of his neck and never let go.
As long as they chose to ignore the elephant in the room, there would be no true happiness for any of them.
With a shuddering breath, Steve finally looked up, itching forward in his seat as if to stand.
“Can you imagine that? Tony Stark, actually free?” Tony sighed, forehead thumping against the crystal clear glass of the tower.
He lied because maybe for a few seconds that lie would bring Tony Stark peace.
“I can’t live my life pretending that what you did didn’t destroy me. I can’t live with the fact that you seemingly chose Bucky over me and it’s stupid because he’s your friend that shouldn’t matter! But, hey, geniuses can be irrational too and that’s ok!” Brown eyes flickered to the crumbling blond beside him.
There was nothing else to do. Steve realized that he had completely lost Tony Stark and perhaps if he had realized what he had before they wouldn’t be here. He did the one thing he could offer Tony. He lied. He lied that he would give up on them, that he would let him go.
“So that’s it. We’re—we’re done and I don’t mean to be cruel, but I would appreciate if after this—just give me some space to breathe. To finally
Tony frowned, ignoring that little voice in the back of his head that willed him to back down. To cave to Steve’s wants. To shield Steve from the pain by lying to his face. To retract everything he had ever said just for Steve’s comfort over his own.
There was no changing that. Bucky was—Bucky was in danger and how could he trust the current system to actually take care of his friend, the other part of him that had been so cruelly taken away and tortured. Forced into a mould and construct that he couldn’t understand. Shouldn’t have to understand.
Tony grit his teeth, almost wishing that he was too much a coward to face what could have possibly been the worst mistake of his life. Unfortunately, even now, he stood tall in the face of adversary.
“You still can’t trust me,” Steve muttered, clenching his fist tight before releasing a soft sigh. If he could he would have stared into Tony’s warm brown eyes, speckled with just a touch of gold in the morning light. As it was he felt a strange mix of righteous and shame. He still believed he was right to do what he did.
“Let me go, Steve, let me go like I let you go years ago in Siberia.”
!” it was almost a plea, one that only served to hammer the last nail in the coffin.
“Just tell me this one thing, is there someone else?” The silence buried its’s claws in Steve’s chest. Tearing at the fragile cords that held his beating heart together. Was this what a heart attack felt like? A searing pain that took root within him and raced through his veins like molten lava. Burned any hope and positive emotion that could possibly survive among torment.
He lied that he wouldn’t’ go to bed and wake each day with Tony on his mind. He lied that he would stop loving the genius and the genius himself would force himself to stop loving him.
“No, I have not.”
“Yep…”
“I hope I’m not interrupting while you’re in the middle of working on something,” Steve said, looking over Tony’s shoulder.
Tony rolled his eyes and grumbled as he got back to grading the papers on his desk. Who gave that little twerp the right to be so perceptive about Tony’s feelings anyway?
Two days before Tony’s holiday gathering, Steve found himself practically crawling through his apartment to get around. He’d been feeling extremely under the weather lately, but he couldn’t quite figure out why. He heard a light knock at the front door and groand, slowly making his way to answer it. Once he opened the door, he was met by gasps and worried looks.
“You know, when you greet me like that, it makes it a lot harder to understand why Rhodey bonded with you,” Tony answered with a smile.
“They always do though, don’t they?” Steve asked, cynically. “With Sharon, Batroc, Rachel, Bernie, Betty, and Peggy, shit hit the fan with
“Yeah…” Tony answered above a whisper.
“Seriously, Tony, what’s the big deal? So you have a crush on the guy, so what?” Carol asked, a more caring tone this time.
“Happy birthday. Oh, well, no actually. It’s just my birthday. Oh geez I’m such a dunce.”
“I don’t know, Pepper! All I can tell you is that I really like being around him. He’s smart, he’s funny, and I literally have to use all of my willpower to stop myself from kissing him every time he’s within arm’s reach.” Tony said, slightly horrified. “I’m a grown ass man, one who could quite literally have anyone he wanted. I don’t know why I’m all of a sudden acting like a 15 year old in some kind of shitty rom-com.”
Coraline was quite possibly the most adorable person that Tony had ever seen, and getting the chance to play with her was honestly the highlight of his week. But getting to see Steve like this, taking such good care of Cora so effortlessly, was amazing.
“I did some redecorating after she passed, so sue me,” Howard responded, callously, “we don’t need to waste time talking about that nonsense. We have bigger issues to discuss.”
Once the screen went blank, Steve stood to walk towards the kitchen.
“Look, Steve, I don’t know all that’s happened between the two of you, but you have to try to make things right.”
“Oh nothing, just reading this poem that Steve wrote about Tony,” Bruce answered with a small smile as he handed over the notebook.
“Yes...now help me,” Tony whined.
“Tony…”
Tony somehow managed to choke on nothing, as he saw Steve walk into the room. The blond gave a sheepish smile, as he walked in wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts that looked like they were practically painted on. Tony tried not to ogle the man, but it seemed like his clothes managed to accentuate every single muscle in his body as he moved, and that was just all manners of distracting. Tony snapped out of it once he saw the expectant look on Steve’s face.
Tony sat in bed, looking down at the man wrapped around him, using his stomach for a pillow. He smiled to himself, running his fingers through blonde hair, as his thoughts raced. Tony had been dating Steve Rogers, the kindest, funniest, sexiest bookstore owner he’d ever laid eyes on, for almost four years; living with him for close to three. Looking down at Steve now, seeing his brow furrowed in what must have been frustration as Prince Philip trained him on how to deadlift a barbell weighted with books in his dreams again, Tony’s mind was flooded with memories of their time together.
“Love you too, honey bunny,” Tony responded, blowing Rhodey a kiss.
painting--of Steve, Coraline, and himself.
Tony paused, thinking back on that night, now realizing how ridiculous his plan had been. He sighed as he ran a hand over his face and through his hair before continuing.
Steve didn’t want to admit it, but Natasha was right. He knew Tony couldn’t have been up to no good, but his imagination was starting to get the better of him. He was just going to have to suck it up and ask Tony about this.
Awesome. Howard had done something to his room.
"Excuse me?" Tony asked, caught off guard.
Steve slowly wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling him in for a small kiss. “Yeah, I think so. Cora thinks so too, she absolutely adores you,” he whispered, before going in for another kiss.
“Perfect,” Tony answered, fondly. “So how are things in your neck of the woods?” He asked, moving to sit up in his bed.
"Oh, there's a lot more than just two of us," Bucky corrected with a smirk.
“Was it the fact that I almost died trying to fly that missile into space? Because I tried to call you, honestly I did!”
“Okay, well...some of us on the team, we saw you and Mr. Stark get into an argument after the meet on Friday. I just wanted to say that I’m sorry we lost the meet if that’s what you guys were fighting about. We didn’t mean to let you guys down, but I hope...we all hope that you guys can patch things up.”
“You think you can hide the fact that you got someone pregnant from me? That I wouldn’t find out what my own son, the heir of the company I built with my own to hands, is up to?”
“What’s that look for” he asked, slightly upset by it.
As they walked away, Tony overheard Bucky speaking to Nat. “Did he just hit on
“Good, then I’ll be able to see what he’s really about, for myself.”
“Daddy’s making a painting for Tony’s birthday,” Steve offered, keeping his eyes on his work.
“Thanks ma’am.”
“What are you up to?” Steve asked, warmly.
“You alright, Mr. Rogers?” Peter asked, popping up from the seat behind Steve.
“Since I’ve, uh, woken up, you’ve literally been the only person who treats me normally. Everyone at S.H.I.E.L.D. treats me like I’m some sort of national treasure. All I am to them is just the key to more super-soldiers. As for everyone in the house, we’re a team but I hardly think they consider me a friend. You are the only person I’ve met who hasn’t made me feel out of place. I mean, you’ve taken the time to teach me all about the 21st century. However I’m not sure if you’re doing it because you want to or if it just irritates you that much that someone could be so unfamiliar with technology…”
It wasn’t until Bucky reached out to put a hand on Steve’s shoulder that he realized he’d been crying. He laughed around a small sob, before wiping at his eyes and nose.
“Is it alright?” Steve asked, wincing slightly.
“Well well well, fancy running into you here,” Tony replied, giving a smooth smile.
A flush of pink crept its way onto Steve’s cheeks as he spoke.
“Have you had sex with this man?”
“Does daddy hate me?”
“So...you’re aware the party is inside the house, right?” Sam asked, around a laugh.
“Let me go check on some things, then we’ll get you set up to see her.” Bruce answered, before leaving the room.
Steve woke up to the sound of his phone buzzing. He turned over to see that there was a text from Tony as well as a text from Bucky. Though he’s still upset with him, Steve opened Bucky’s message first.
“So, what was that you were saying earlier?” Steve asked with a smug smile on his face.
While closing, it seemed his new friend was the talk of everyone on staff.
“Honey, I’m not…”
“Then how did this happen?!”
“So,” Ty began, taking a sip from his glass, “great to see you again, it’s been too long.”
“Nice to see you haven’t mucked this one up yet, Steve.” Peggy pulled the stroller holding Cora through the door before shutting it behind her. “Must be nice to be horizontal again. Hello, Tony.”
“Steve’s not the mole who helped Tiberius steal your code. He is so in love with you, Tony, and you accused him not only of stealing your tech but being paid to seduce you as well.”
Tony sat there, silently willing Carol to say anything, instead of letting his words linger.
“Is that what you’re listening to?” she asked, sitting on the edge of his bed. He nodded and made a pitiful whine.
“No problem, Phil,” Tony said, giving the thumbs up, as he stood to leave the office.
“A lot of good that's done us. My presentation is complete but now I can't get home,” Steve sighed looking out the window again.
Steve felt like his head was swimming as he tried to process the words Tony had spoken. “I...you...what?”
“God, you feel
“We’ll find a way to manage with that.”
“Oh, ok. Well thank you for hearing me out, and again, I’m sorry if I overstepped my boundaries.”
Rhodey clapped Tony on the back as he made his way to the door.
Bruce gave Tony a look that made every single hair on his body stand on end.
“Oh, okay. Well have you guys bonded yet?” Carol asked, nonchalantly.
“So…” Bucky began, “Nat’s been telling me about your new friend, Stark. She’s got nothing but great things to say about the guy, mainly because since he’s been photographed at the bar, it’s brought in tons of business. But Clint and Sam tell me he only ever comes in to talk to you. He’ll buy a drink or two but he’s really just there for you.”
“I know that’s what you’ve told him, but whether or not you’ll actually follow through with that is still up in the air.”
As he got into the car, he heard his friends talking about how great a time they had.
Tony looked at him momentarily before giving an honest to god belly laugh. Steve would have enjoyed how cute it made the man look, if it weren’t for how stupid he felt for asking the question in the first place. “Invisible butler? No.” Tony began, “A.I.? Yes. I built JARVIS and integrated him into basically every piece of tech I work with as well as my house.”
“You know Steve,” Tony started as he pulled himself off of the floor. These pants were made to make his ass look good, not made for floor sitting. “I’ve been trying to get you to go out with me for far too long to just run away now. Plus, wouldn’t you know it, turns out I’ve got a thing for tall, blond, blue eyed college hotties with super adorable year and a half old daughters.”
"Why didn't you say anything," Tony asked, not even trying to hide the defeat he felt finding out his secret wasn't a secret at all.
to do anything if I don't want to.”
“What?” Steve asked, genuinely confused.
“No to the part about being whisked away or no to the part involving a devilishly handsome man?”
The two of them sat there in silence for a moment before Sam cleared his throat. “So…” he began, warily. “Things with Tony seem to not be going so great?”
” Tony bit out as he came, buried to the hilt inside of Steve.
“How long have you been like this?” Sam asked, attempting to get a better look at the omega to inspect his face, and feel his forehead. Steve swatted his hand away immediately.
Steve slowly sat down next to Tony on the couch.
Steve thought, with a small smile on his face.
The alpha continued taking quick shallow breaths, realizing that he was in the midst of an anxiety attack.
We did a little VT research. So, for some visuals...
Steve found himself briskly walking from the gym to the science wing. He was really hoping that if he moved fast enough, he’d be able to catch Tony before he left for the day. Steve had gotten tied up earlier, getting ready for his post lunch class, and completely missed lunch. He’d had a knot in his stomach just thinking about Tony possibly sitting there waiting for him, thinking that he’d been stood up. He had to explain himself and hope that the brunet would accept his apology. Steve rounded the corner walking towards the science classrooms, to see Tony locking his door. As he turned around, he jumped, clearly startled to see Steve.
“Yeah I looked over some of the documents you sent over and, honestly, a lot of it just looked like Greek to me. I’m really not familiar with code or engineering terminology enough to know what I’m looking at.”
The brunet just gave her what he considered his best fake smile, and pulled out his phone.
“Oh! I’m so, sorry!” She bounced back like a champ, continuing on to say; “Anyway, my name is May. What can I get you?”
“No. She’s not taking Coraline.”
“Nice save there,” Tony teased, “where are we going anyway?”
“Alright, good. As long as I’m hot, being a mess sucks a whole lot less.”
It took a moment for Steve to finally look up at Bucky but once he did, he was met by an expectant look from the man.
Steve spent the rest of that day trying hard to let go of all of the hopes he’d had for them. He remembered being so excited every day he went to work, wondering what ridiculous things he and Tony would talk about or get up to after work. He loved his time with the robotics team, watching the kids learn how to think more strategically, but he loved getting to see Tony pour so much of his knowledge into their team even more. Steve had wanted nothing more than just to watch Tony do any of the things that made him happy, because that’s when his beauty truly shined through. But now, those memories just made Steve’s heart ache in a way he hadn’t felt since being discharged from the military. So many hopes and dreams ahead of him that had been within his reach but ultimately ripped away.
“Oh fuck me!”
“Well, once New Years is over, we’ll have a big get-together, how about that?”
“Forgive me, angel,” Tony whispered, falling to his knees. In one swift movement, Steve’s belt was thrown to the side and Tony was struggling to force his jeans down to his ankles. “Your pants are all wet,” Tony grumbled, still trying to force the wet denim down.
“I don’t think I can today. Coulson asked me to come to his office at noon to talk about something, but I don’t know what it is or how long it’ll take.”
The genuine excitement exuding from Tony was enough to make Steve’s heart stop. Though Steve had made an effort to share this park with his past relationships, the carousel was something that he had never even thought to do with any of them. That was an experience that he held dear; something he’d only shared with his mother. And yet, standing there, looking at the hope on Tony’s face, he knew he couldn’t deny him this.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Bucky once those words left his mouth.
.” Steve growled. It was a voice that his friends didn’t hear often but when they did they knew they had mere seconds to avoid Steve’s true ire.
“Just, start with what you hope to gain out of telling me that you have feelings for Steve.”
To hear Steve say those words tore Tony apart. The moment he saw a tear fall down the omega’s face, he dropped to his knees to wipe it away.
“Well… it’s a big place and I wanna make sure we get to see it all,” Tony offered, not wanting to hint at the fact that they had to hurry for one of his surprises.
“I thought you might appreciate hearing your favorite version of this song, so I figured why not invite the artist to sing it live,” Tony answered, hoping that his voice didn’t sound as nervous as he felt.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t hear that. Can you repeat, please?”
Steve stuck a lubed up finger inside of Tony, then another, a third, and sooner rather than later he was slicking up his cock.
“Thank you,” Tony breathed.
“Ready when you are.”
“Definitely not. I don't want to scare him away if this isn't something he wants or if he's not ready," Steve answered truthfully.
“It’s really sweet of you to ask, Tony…”
“Is it okay if I come in?” Pepper asked, skipping all pleasantries.
Bucky came walking into the living room, looking down at the pair and shaking his head.
“So, you ready for the semester to start next week?” Clint, one of the waiters, asked as they walked into work together.
"It was good," Steve answered, glossing over Darcy's early morning flirting. "I'm just trying to mentally prepare myself for what's ahead of me."
“Well… I sort of bought
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just because I can’t afford the merchandise doesn’t mean I don’t like to look,” Steve answered, feeling somewhat proud for having obviously impressed Tony. “Anyway, now that we’re here, do you have any ideas about what you’d like to do while we kill time?”
“I figured you’d just give me a handjob.”
“Luckily two men and a toddler are living here, so really, it’s not too big at all.”
“Okay, well...I can help with that.”
“I don’t think you understand, Rogers” Bucky spoke, quiet anger seeping through each word and causing a shiver down Steve’s spine.
“I...I…” the brunet stammered, “I am so unbelievably sorry, Steve. That was the sleep talking and I just...I’m sorry.”
“Tony, I know you think you can pull this tough guy act, where you can just pretend that nothing phases you, but you and I both know that’s bullshit. I know this has something to do with Howard,” Bruce began.
Tony’s eyes landed on the navy blue book and frowned as he reached out for it. “Poking fun at Steve…
As they got closer, Tony noticed a young woman standing with a sleeping child on her hip. He paid little attention to her until she started walking towards them. It became obvious, fairly quickly, that she had been waiting for them.
Tony sat in bed awake, nervously waiting for his alarm to go off at 7 am. He had been laying there all night too anxious to sleep, wondering what today would have in store for him. Ever since he had missed that first appointment where they got to see and hear Bug’s heartbeat, Tony had been terrified of missing any other big milestones. It is because of that first experience that he sat awake the night before every single appointment Steve had, in an effort to avoid over sleeping.
“If you insist on holding me hostage in my own home, then keep your voice down. Cora’s asleep,” Steve spoke, quietly. Tony moved closer to accompany him in the living room. “You came all this way to talk, so talk.”
Tony’s ears perked up at that name. He wondered if it was possible that this doctor was the same person he was thinking of, but he figured that couldn’t be the case. Once they were called into the exam room, though, he quickly realized that the doctor was indeed the man he thought of.
A small smile spread on Steve’s face at that. He quickly typed out a response.
“Alright,” Steve agreed, walking into the exhibit as Tony held the door open for him. Steve stopped in his tracks once he saw what was waiting for him on the other side of that door. There were 8 penguins perched on a rock, signs around their neck reading ‘I LOVE YOU’. When he turned to look at Tony, he was met by the site of two stuffed penguins, one significantly smaller than the other.
“How is Stark Labs doing?” Steve inquired, as if he wasn't already acutely aware.
“I...no! You know, you can’t just go around throwing all these wild accusations at people! That’s how you end up getting sued.”
“Yeah, your game plans weren’t nearly as efficient as they could have been. In at least three of the five competitions you were in, the team missed several chances to score game ending goals.”
Tony’s heart was pounding and his blood was boiling and every breath was shallow. All he wanted was to kiss Steve like he used to kiss Steve, but instead he was met with a kiss that was rough, a blur of teeth and tongues, sloppy and uncoordinated. It was nice, but it wasn’t a Steve kiss.
“Steve? Who’s Steve?” Ty asked, sitting back and relaxing in his chair. Tony fixed him with an annoyed look, but Ty still didn’t give.
“Well, when you have some free time, we will need to catch up,” Tony stated, making it clear that bruce didn’t have much of a choice.
“So is that all that’s been on your mind lately?” Steve asked.
“Oh...ok,” Tony said, obviously disappointed, “well maybe tomorrow then.”
“Really?” Tony asked, somewhat surprised.
“What do you think Steve?”
“No, Tony.” Pepper soothed, running her fingers through his greasy hair. She tried not to think about when the last time he showered was. “No, he wasn’t.”
Steve’s hips stuttered in their movement, and he let out a strangled cry.
Ever since the day at the Brooklyn Bridge Park, conversations like this kept popping up. One of them would say something mildly suggestive, while the other would take the bait and they’d go back and forth until the banter naturally came to an end. It felt like they were testing the waters; trying to figure out if and where any boundaries existed. As much as Steve enjoyed this new facet of their friendship, it did nothing but stoke the fire burning within him that yearned to just reach out and kiss Tony. With every jab and every retort that came out of the brunet’s smart mouth, Steve found himself falling harder for him.
Steve asked instinctively.
“You’re an ass,” Tony laughed, jabbing Steve in the rib. The blond just caught his hand and intertwined their fingers.
Steve and Peggy took turns feeding Coraline mashed potatoes and little bits of turkey.
“How was the meeting?” He asked, pulling up an extra seat.
It had been a little over a week since Steve had last seen Tony, and though he missed him immensely, life without him was getting a little easier. At least until Steve went for his Sunday morning run and his feet subconsciously took him to the Brooklyn Bridge Park. When he realized where he was, Steve’s heart sank. Here was a place that always brought a sad sort of happiness to his life, thinking of his time here with his mom, and now, he felt that same sad happiness thinking about his one day here with Tony. As he ran by the carousel, Steve strained his ears trying to hear what song was playing. He heard a few notes from
“Fine. I’ll set something up so you can meet him next weekend. How ‘bout that?”
“Yeah, I… yeah,” Tony offered, just as breathless. He had received a call from his dad the night of Coraline’s birthday, demanding that he come home for Spring Break. Though he put up more of a fight this time, Tony still gave in, and promised he’d make it home for the break.
“I need to find a way to get Tony out of his workshop, but I don’t know how.”
“What does it matter where the money came from?” Tony asked, legitimately confused by his boyfriend’s reaction. “All that matters is that this is something that you really wanted, I know this is something that would mean a lot to you so I got it for you.”
“I just need some time to process everything,” Steve replied.
Tony stood there, somehow more shocked by that response than if he had been hit. Peter cautiously approached, sensing something was wrong.
“No ‘but’s, you’re doing it. Don’t make me call Pepper about this,” Natasha threatened.
It had been four weeks since Steve had found out that he was pregnant, and though the morning sickness was still hitting him full force, and things had been a little rocky between him and his friends in the beginning, things were going relatively well. Returning to Vision and explaining his reasoning for quitting to Coulson was a bit terrifying, but he just dismissed the whole incident with some amount of confusion, which seemed to be most people’s reaction.
The day before, almost immediately after Bucky left his office, Coulson stopped by to let Tony know that one of his deadlines had been pushed forward. As if he wasn’t overworked and stressed enough without this added weight of this deadline added to the mix. All he could do was grumble under his breath but get to work and hope he’d be able to get at least a couple hours of sleep that night.
“Oh ha-fucking-ha. Listen just start the damn movie, would ya?”
“I dunno, Tony, maybe you have a crush on the guy.”
“Thank you thank you thank you!” the alpha repeated.
As time passed, Steve and Tony continued on as they did the night they had that first dinner date. Every so often, they would make dinner together then just spend the rest of the evening cuddled up. And if a few kisses were exchanged here and there or if they happened to engage in a makeout session like a bunch of teenagers every so often, well...that was just fine with them. Even if it did raise too many questions to count, for the omega at least.
Tony looked at his friends, suspiciously, but eventually just shrugged and gave them a smile. “Okay, good. Now that we’re all on the same page, we need to figure out how to get me and Sexy McHot Stuff in the same room once we figure out who he is.”
There was a long pause. “There is a call on the other line. I must take it. We can discuss this when we go to Florence at Christmastime.”
Pepper looked at him in utter disbelief. When she realized he wasn’t joking, she threw her arms up in the air in defeat.
“Yeah, go right ahead,” Steve answered, slightly nervous about what Tony would think of the gift.
“Then,” Tony continued, not even paying attention to Steve. “We’ll have to look into daycares. Without being able to hand Cora off between you and Peggy, there isn’t going to be as much flexibility as to babysitters and stuff. There are some excellent daycares around here and we can obviously afford the best.”
“Oh ha-fucking-ha Rogers,” Tony huffed, mock offended. Steve wrapped his arm around the brunet’s waist and kissed his cheek.
As their friends left the room, Tony turned back to the omega laying on the bed.
“Don't worry about it, I was like 8, it was forever ago. Anyway, I didn't know where to go so I just left and ended up at Jarvis’ house. Of course I picked a cold rainy day to just up and leave, so when I got there I was soaked. Jarvis let me wear one of his massive sweaters while I stayed with him. We played chess, watched a movie, baked some brownies...it was one of the most fun days of my life.
“Alright, Tony,” Bruce sighed, walking into the restaurant.
“You haven't noticed it yet?”
The second they were alone, Tony reached out to lay a hand on Steve’s belly.
Less than five minutes went by before calls, texts and emails started flooding his phone. When it got to be too much, he just turned the device off, hoping that he could just fade away from the world all together. He knew there was only a matter of hours before the work day would end and at the very least, Natasha would come looking for him, so he hoped that would be enough time for him to figure this mess out.
“I’m not. I’m doing this because you didn’t get into this situation by yourself, so it’s only fair that you don’t go through this by yourself. Plus...I don’t have any family either, and I feel like it’d be nice getting to change that.”
The most troubling part of all of this, though, was that Tony was only aware of one AI with this kind of capability, and that was JARVIS. There were tons of people in the world of AI looking to perfect general intelligence with capabilities like what Tony had done with JARVIS. But for this kind of tech to just pop up on a high school robotics team without a peep from the robotics community, it wasn’t just odd it was impossible.
“Okay,” Tony said, rolling on a condom and slicking his cock, he lined himself up against Steve. Steve reached forward, linking his fingers with Tony.
“If you’re done smelling my hair, I’m getting rather hungry…” Tony spoke slowly. Steve took inventory of their situation and almost jumped ten feet when he realized he’d fully immersed his nose in the shorter man’s hair.
His friends suddenly turned into a group of giddy school girls.
“Wait...what?” Tony asked, in disbelief, “I’ve been working with the graphic design team for years. You see a few things that I produced for the web team and suddenly I’m good enough to manage it?”
“Fair enough… just don’t do that thing where you get super overprotective and embarrassing,” Steve said, practically pleading with his friends.
"Nat, if you want something, just ask," Steve said taking his seat. Natasha, one of the graphic design team members, and one of his best friends, popped up from her desk to smile at him.
“I don’ like you nanymore, daddy! I want Ony!”
“How do you think I survived being allergic to practically everything but air? I’m more stubborn than a tree stump so you better get ready. Cause I’m not giving up on this.”
“You...you wanted my attention?” Steve asked, lamely.
“What I am
Pepper sighed, clearly trying to sort out the best way to explain her thoughts. “Tony’s led the kind of life where most everything good that comes his way comes with a price. In the world of wealth and business, it’s best to protect yourself at all costs. Unfortunately because he’s been used more times than anyone can count, Tony had to learn pretty early to also protect his heart at all costs.
Initially, Steve had no idea what to get Tony for his birthday, but after seeing his reaction to his Valentine’s Day gift, he knew he wanted to paint something. Steve tried to be as secretive as possible, while he slowly collected all the items that he needed throughout the week. When Sunday rolled around, he set up his easel and canvas in the living room and got to work.
“Mmhmm,” Cora offered, giving a small nod.
Initially, this plan seemed to work well. The alpha always figured he never needed much sleep to begin with, so it was nice to feel more productive. But, as the days, then the weeks went on, he seemingly became more and more irritable. Those around him could see that something was wrong, but they all just chalked it up to him having a hard time adjusting to all the changes in his life. It is because of this that most people just tip toed around Tony, unless absolutely necessary. He figured out what was going on, but couldn’t be bothered to set anyone straight, since this ultimately afforded him the chance to work uninterrupted.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Clint asked, almost being mowed down by the alpha.
Peter stood towards the back of the classroom, quietly organizing worksheets for tomorrow’s classes, when there was a knock on the door.
“Seriously, Steve, are you ok?” Bucky asked, pushing past the blond into his home.
thanks for reading! i hope you all enjoyed this chapter as much as i did and brace yourselves because chapter 3 is gunna be so awesome you won't be able to handle it!
for trying to throw a great party for my friends,” he’d say in his normal witty tone.
Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other in that moment. Not entirely sure how to proceed with the conversation, Pepper clapped her hands together and cleared her throat.
Steve gave a nod before turning to walk out the door. Once he was on the other side, he had to muffle a sob as tears threatened to spill. He had never experienced any feeling like that before in his life, the uncontrollable urge to protect not only this baby but Tony as well. It was a confusing and overwhelming feeling, one that made him want to curl up in his bed and sleep. As long as nobody tried to stop him, Steve resolved to do just that.
Coraline stayed with Peggy, Sharon, and Nana that night, leaving the apartment to Steve and Tony. Needless to say, it wasn’t long before Tony was straddling Steve on the bed.
The blond kept his eyes closed but gave a sly smile.
“Why would I leave you here? This is a date, silly, we’re here to skate together.”
Steve woke up and lazily stretched out his limbs. It took a few minutes for him to fully wake up and to realize that he wasn’t alone in his bed. He turned to see Tony, asleep on his stomach, snoring softly. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the alpha resting beside him. Once he remembered why it was that Tony was asleep next to him in the first place, he felt the blush coming to his face.
“No, I’ve been spending so much time with you because you’re my friend…you’re my best friend Tony.”
“We’re doing well, miss, just looking to check in. I have two rooms both under Tony Stark,” Tony said, pulling out his wallet to show his ID.
“Alright, well I think we’re gonna head out,” Natasha said, grabbing her coat and heading towards the door. “Let us know if you all need anything, alright?”
. I also got what we need to decorate Christmas cookies or make our own hot cocoa. Really, we can be as laid back or as busy as you’d like. This day is about doing what makes you happy.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Tony replied, picking up one of the takeout containers to pick over what little was left.
“I want to show you how much I love being your omega,” Steve climbed onto the bed, straddling Tony’s legs. He ground down, slowly, soliciting a low moan from the alpha as their cocks brushed against each other.
Steve looked at the brunet, disapproval written on his face. “Tony, coffee isn't food, we’ve been through this before.”
Steve surveyed his surroundings as if it were his first time coming over.
“Oh, really,” the omega challenged, “you’d sue me, even though you’re the one rubbing all over my belly while I’m unconscious?”
“Okay...okay. I’m essentially the only family that Steve has, so I had to come and make sure you knew that our group welcomes you. But if you falter on that promise, to protect Steve and this baby, I will kill you with my own bare hands. Got it?” Bucky asked, with a tone that somehow conveyed both the lightheartedness in his offer of friendship but the seriousness in his threat.
Rhodey just shrugged. “Alright well then I'm gonna head home. I’ll see you later. Let me know when you get home,” he shouted getting into his car.
“Steve, no one voluntarily spends that much time with Tony Stark unless they’ve got more than feelings of friendship for him.”
“I-in your mouth?”
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, visibly unclenching his fists, then slowly easing the tension through the rest of his body.
“Oh my god, Steve are you awake?”
I?” Tony finally rolled over to look at Pepper. His eyes were sunken in and red rimmed. “I still love him. I’m so fucking in love with him. When we first broke up I thought ‘Okay, time to go out and get drunk and fuck around.’ But then, it was like… no. I couldn’t do that. I have to be good. I have to be good and maybe Steve will want me back.”
“He figured out what was happening as soon as he saw me, and I asked him to help me. He was extremely respectful throughout, bringing me food and water, making sure I was getting enough rest...it was everything I could have asked for in a heat.”
“Bucky.”
“Indoor voices,” Steve gently reminded.
“Just so you know, I’m never trusting you with anything ever again,” he said, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose.
As Steve closed the door, his mind was still reeling from all that Pepper had shared with him. He wanted to sit down and really think over everything he’d been told but he had something he needed to do first. Steve walked back over to the couch, and settled with his popcorn and his beer. Before he could sort any of this out with Tony, he wanted to mindlessly watch his favorite movie first.
“I figure it’d be a lot easier for me to have morning sex with you if you were actually in my bed instead of halfway across campus when I woke up.”
“Steve...I don’t think any differently of you because of this. You went into heat and you needed help, so I helped. I’m still going to think of you as the tall, goofy blond who likes
Pepper let out a sigh of relief, before giving a genuine smile.
. He couldn’t fault Tony for that, but Steve couldn’t wrap his head around what made Tony turn on him so quickly. Either way, it didn’t really matter now. Steve just needed to come to terms with the fact that his relationship with Tony would never be what he had hoped it would.
“The year that my dad died was kind of tough on us, but despite everything Ma refused to let anything keep her down. She always loved this time of year, but something about what we’d been through made that holiday season even more special. The second they set up the ice skating rink in our hometown, she promised to take me every weekend, and she did. From November until the very end of January, she took me out and taught me how to skate. I was horrible at it at first, but every time I fell we’d just laugh and keep at it. That grew into somewhat of a tradition for the years that followed up until the time when she got sick. I… haven’t actually been skating since the year she died, but I’m glad that my first time back on the ice was with you.”
The second she got to the door, she heard a quiet sob fall from Tony’s lips.
“Oh, well I’ve been at this hospital since the beginning of January…”
As tired as he was, Steve stood and walked to the bathroom to turn on the shower. Watching Tony leave after what had happened between them was hard. Steve wanted to feel the alpha’s arms around him again, and to kiss him again. But for now, he’d just have to settle for smelling like him.
Tony gave a slow thrust into Steve’s fist, pulling a low groan from both men. Tony’s movement melted into a mix of thrusting up into Steve fist as he jerked them off. Steve was close, he could feel his orgasm bubbling within his belly. Tony pulled him in for a kiss, licking into his mouth. The moment Steve felt Tony’s teeth rake across his bottom lip, Steve lost it. He came with a low groan, cum spilling over his hand and Tony’s cock.
“I’ll see you in two weeks then,” Steve spoke, sadness evident in his voice.
had to give him help from the inside. Judging by the way you were buddying up with the DeWitt coach, that someone was probably you. What I
Clint asked, stealing one of Thor’s pop tarts from the toaster.
“I’m sure you’ll be able to think of something,” Pepper placed a reassuring hand on Steve’s arm, smiling at him all the while. “Well, I should probably get going, but thank you for listening and for the water.” Pepper said, standing to put on her heels again.
Steve shot forward and grabbed Bucky by his shirt collar. The growl that ripped through him was enough to stun everyone in the room into silence.
Steve looked up to see Tony staring at him, a look of sadness on his face.  “Steve I...I’m really sorry,” Tony offered, in a hushed voice.
“Honestly, I don’t know. When I last saw him, he asked me to look into this—” Natasha said, pulling out a manila envelope with a small scrap of paper taped to the front, and handing it to Tony. “After the robotics meet, he’d talked to the DeWitt coach and poked around for as much information as he could. He gave me what he had, and I passed it on to some of my friends to do some digging. Even after you broke his heart, he still wanted to help you get to the bottom of this.”
“Shh,” Steve said, getting down on one knee to be at eye level with his daughter. “It’s your special day but you can’t yell it at people, okay?”
“Everything’s alright, we just really miss you. Honestly, Cora is going absolutely insane over here,” Steve said, around a tired laugh.
“Not when my money is what finances that life,” Howard barked, standing in anger.
Rumlow scoffed, turning towards Tony to puff out his chest in a show of dominance. “You’re an alpha? A dainty little twink like you is an
Steve remembered looking up seconds before a car slammed right into his taxi. The car hit the driver’s side, opposite of where Steve sat, buckled in safely. He played the events back in his mind and as if in slow motion, he remembered the shattering of glass, the explosion of the driver’s airbag, the feeling of his seat belt buckling at his chest as he was thrust forward , and his head whipping to the left before slamming into the window causing everything to go black. Once he was able to recall what had happened, Steve began to panic. Where was he and why couldn’t he move?
As Tony sat at his desk for the next hour or so, waiting for lunch to roll around, he kept asking himself whether or not Pepper really did have anything to be worried about.
Steve came out looking to take a day for himself, but as they walked through the remainder of the museum, he realized that spending the day with Tony was much better.
And what was he to say about the fact that he didn’t even know if Tony was remotely interested in him in the first place? He’d done his research, he’d seen and read enough to know that Tony was interested in men and women. But there was nothing in the way of evidence to indicate that Tony wanted anything more than a professional relationship with Steve. That was the thought that kept him up; the fear that wouldn’t let his mind settle, not even for a minute. There was a chance that Steve had put so much hope into something that was never there in the first place, and somehow that hurt more than any other scenario he could imagine.
It took a few moments for Coulson to calm down before he spoke.
“Excuse me,” Steve inched closer, “is that anyway to speak to your future husband?” He asked, planting a sweet kiss on Tony’s lips.
“Thanks for being the best Sam” he spoke softly.
“Details. Now.”
“You need to stop doing this,” Steve said in a stern voice.
for me!”
“Everything is a joke to you, Anthony!” Howard yelled. Tony actually jumped at the boom of his father’s voice. “You need to buckle down and get ready for once the company is yours, and that isn’t going to happen when you’ve got some low-life and his illegitimate daughter mooching off of you for support.”
“Of course I’m sure it’s mine,” Tony answered slightly angered at the silent accusation that Steve was lying.
“Oh, so I should bring you lunch today then, huh?”
“Oh, you don’t want to hear about my boring life. I want to know what’s going out with you, out there in the big city!” Sarah replied.
Then it was moments like this that Tony remembered why he never stopped to enjoy the world much to begin with. He turned away from the window, to see Carol unwrapping her winter layers before taking a seat in the arm chair beside him.
“Look, I just don’t want you guys to give him the third degree is all.”
Steve kept a smile on his face until Peter went back to whatever he was working on, then he just sank into himself. Steve didn’t have the heart to tell Peter that not only was he likely not returning as assistant coach thanks to the blow up on Friday, but that whatever he and Tony had was assuredly over. There was nothing that needed sorting out at this point; Tony had made it abundantly clear that he wanted nothing to do with Steve. Like it or not, that’s how it would have to be. Peter would learn to accept it, just as Steve would; at least he told himself as much.
Steve tried his best to put his new found feelings for tony aside as the week came to a start. He genuinely wasn’t sure what he was going to do or how he was going to handle his friendship from here on out, but true to Tony Stark fashion, the brunet couldn’t stay silent for long. Steve received a text around Tuesday evening asking if he and his friends wanted to have a get together with Tony and his friends that weekend. The blond ignored the butterflies in the pit of his stomach as he replied that they’d be there.
“Well yeah but…” Steve started, wondering if his next words would be seen as bold or just rude, “I just never thought a guy like you would notice someone like me long enough to want to offer up a room in your home during a blizzard.”
“What are we doing here?” Steve asked through clenched teeth, feeling his face begin to burn with embarrassment.
Steve groaned, remembering all of the beer, shots, and makeshift cocktails from the night before. “Ugh, just
“Ohhh yeah, Tony! What about him?”
Pepper waited for Tony to answer the door, something that now stung, as he realized she no longer felt comfortable using her key.
So here Tony was, standing outside of Steve’s apartment, absolutely exhausted. Instead of sending the usual text, Tony just dialed Steve’s number.
“We’re here to find you a vibrator,” Natasha said, just above a whisper.
“You see this little black mass right here? That would be your baby.” Dr. Banner spoke with a smile.
It took a moment for Steve to adjust, but once he did, he reached around to feel Tony’s thigh. “
“Oh, I’m sorry. You came to me a few months ago, openly telling me that Steve managed to miss all the signs that he was going into heat, you randomly show up and decide to be the friend that fucks  him through it, you end up knotting and getting him pregnant, but somehow
“Yes, honey?” He asked, crouching down to be at her level.
“I’m really sorry but I need to leave,” Steve said, jumping to his feet once the call was over.
“Well hello to you too,” Steve chuckled.
Tony settled in, trying not to focus too hard on the warmth radiating from the man beside him. As he closed his eyes, beginning to drift off to sleep, a realization hit. On the way to dinner, during their conversation, Tony asked about an attendee at the meet up, but couldn’t remember why. When the reason popped into his mind, clear as day, Tony’s eyes snapped wide open.
It was the afternoon of their next meet, and Steve was somewhat on edge. Tony had mentioned over shakes and burgers that his best friend Rhodey would be attending this meet. Peter was particularly excited to get a formal introduction to Tony’s best friend. Steve on the other hand was secure enough in himself to admit that he was thoroughly intimidated by the man. He wanted to think that it was just the idea of being such an accomplished Marine but the reality was he wanted Rhodey’s approval. Without it, Steve knew his odds with Tony would be slim to none.
“You said you wanted to have drunk sex.”
Tony unwrapped the bottle. “Steve this is… very expensive wine.”
Once he arrived Steve made sure to stop at the front desk to say his greetings to the lovely women there who always took such great care of his mom. When he finally got to her room, knocked lightly, so as to not startle her. It only took a moment for her to unlock the door, but once she opened it, she stood in the doorway with a huge smile on her face.
It only took a moment for him to realize that the man now sitting beside him was Tony Stark. For some reason, this fact sent a strange feeling through the blond. He just shook it off before turning to face his neighbor.
His hands tightened around the steering wheel. It was okay. He was going to talk about this with Steve. Things would… things would be okay. Okay-ish. Maybe.
“We should… go on a date,” Tony said again, this time feeling more confident.
Tony turned and went back out to the parking lot (which was more of a driveway, really). Steve was sitting in the passenger seat, the blindfold still resting over his eyes.
Steve tried to deny that he had any kind of feelings for Tony, he really really did. But once his friends stopped believing his lies, he did too. He had truly grown to look forward to being around the alpha, both during their lunches and outside of work. Though they hadn’t gotten to spend any time together off the clock yet, they had taken to texting constantly outside of work. It had gotten to the point where Steve would feel a twinge of sadness when he received a text that wasn’t from Tony.
“Look,” Tony said, clearing his throat and dusting off his pants as he stood, “I’ve got to go get ready for tonight. The guests will be arriving in half an hour.”
“Steven Grant Rogers, you just found out that you’re
Tony had forgotten himself for a moment, in all honesty. He saw the ride and it reminded him of the times that Jarvis would let him ride the carousel whenever they found themselves in Central Park. Tony wanted to relive those moments so desperately, and to his surprise, Steve obliged. Tony found himself letting his guard down in a way he hadn’t intended, and yet, he didn’t feel embarrassed or self conscious about it, either. He just felt...comfortable and somewhat safe around Steve, at least enough to let him see a side of himself that Tony hid from everyone other than Rhodey and Pepper. Being able to open up around Steve felt good, and he didn’t know how but Tony wanted to experience that feeling again.
Tony faltered at the question, but recovered quickly. Steve wouldn’t have even noticed the slight stutter in his movement if not for the fact that he was already so hyper aware of Tony in the first place. “Oh, well I uh…” he stammered.
“I don’t know, I’m trying to be formal because you’re kind of terrifying right now!” Tony answered, only slightly kidding.
He picked up his cell phone from the coffee table and furiously began to text Natasha.
“You do?”
“Oh it's enticing, alright,” Tony leered, attempting to lift the apron to see what was hiding behind it.
“YES! What does that mean?! Why did I invited him?!” Tony asked, frantically, hoping his friend had a legitimate answer for him.
“After that, I ended up apologizing for saying anything. When I tell you the whole thing was awkward, I mean it was the textbook definition of the word. So I went home and just closed myself off in the workshop to keep from having to think too much about the whole thing, but when I went to sleep last night, my mind went wild. I mean...I haven’t had a dream like that in years and I just...really don’t know what to do about it.”
“Ready?” Tony asked, turning his head to catch a glimpse of the little girl on his back
“Tony, I’ve always been… This way. Bucky was the only one who ever knew I was attracted to men. Lord help him, he tried to find a girl that I’d be sweet on…”
. You don’t need to keep apologizing for things in the past, especially when I’ve forgiven you for it all. I appreciate the gesture, but I just want to move forward with you and Coraline, and make up for the time that we’ve lost.”
"That is a pretty solid way to get what you want," Steve answered, sipping the tea and taking a moment to savor the sweet taste that rolled over his tongue.
“Well, judging by the lack of a bond mark on your neck, and your current scent, you’re as good as single to me.”
“What that you like Tony?”
“If you like Steve so much, and his opinion of you is that important, why don't you just start treating him nicely instead of bending over backwards to impress him with this party?” Pepper asked with a knowing smile.
perfect for me,” Steve corrected.
“Oh I uh...thank you,” Steve said, cheeks growing redder by the minute.
“Well Cap, this is how far I got before I realized that I’ve got a perfectly good collection of booze right here.”
“You must be Rhodey?”
“Oh, I am,” Bucky replied with a smile, “anyway, shouldn’t you be getting ready to go soon? Your shift at
“I know how much this cost, Tony; this is worth over
“While all of those things are true, I’m not very sure you know just how badly you’ve fucked up here,” Natasha said, moving to show Tony something on her phone.
He had opted to walk to the cafe where he was meeting the doctor, to clear his mind a little. It only took ten minutes from him to get there, and once he did, he Bruce sitting at a table, watching those walking by. Once his eyes landed on Tony, he gave a sad smile.
“Fuck you, Stark,” was all Steve said before turning to leave.
“So, Steve, I assume you have no idea why I’ve asked you here today,” the older man spoke, in a friendly tone.
“Oh my god, Tony, are you ok?” Steve asked, reaching out to run his hand down the brunet’s face.
Tony leaned in to give Steve a kiss on the forehead, resting one hand on the omega’s shoulder and the other on his belly before leaving. Once he’d left the apartment building, he looked at his phone to see that it was still a little early for him to turn in. Without giving it much thought, he dialed Carol’s number, then waited as it rang.
“I’m so sorry to interrupt the two of you, but Steve would you mind giving me and Tony a little privacy? We’ve got some important things we need to discuss…”
“Hey, what the hell was that?” Steve asked, trying not to laugh too hard.
At that, Steve’s interest was piqued.
, his all time favorite restaurant, he froze.
“You know, Carol, I genuinely wish sometimes you would just tell me what I want to hear as opposed to what you’re actually thinking,” Tony said, with a defeated look.
“Tony,” Pepper started gently, “I warned you about this. I told you that I didn’t want you to get hurt and now you’re telling us this. I don’t want to sound suspicious of Steve but I’ve known you for how long and you’ve never managed to accidently get someone pregnant until now. All I’m saying is that I’m just...worried that there was another motive here.”
“Fine,” Steve spoke, making sure every bit of annoyance seeped through, “let’s just hurry up and get out of here.”
“I…I know.”
“Dr. Banner. He was the doctor I saw for the first sonogram, and he’s been my favorite by far.”
Steve surveyed the room, noticing Natasha sitting at a table with two men, while another stood at the coffee maker. “Listen Sauron, we’ll work harder when you start providing us with real coffee instead of whatever this weak bullshit is,” the man sassed without turning around, just continuing to make his coffee as if he hadn’t just insulted the scariest man Steve had ever met.
“Let her in, J,” Tony spoke without looking up from what he was reading.
“Ony,” Cora whined, bouncing on Tony’s lap.
It felt like Steve had already done just that, but he wondered if there was a way around all of this. How could he figure out if Tony had any interest in him? Everything he thought up seemed convoluted and slightly childish, which left him feeling defeated. The thought of just asking the man out crossed Steve’s mind, but he quickly dismissed that idea. When had being direct ever worked anyway? No, he decided, he would just have to come up with a plan to gauge Tony’s feelings, and if he had to enlist the help of Natasha and their friends at work, so be it. But for now, he’d just try to relax and enjoy the day for what it was.
When you’re here, you’re family.
say bye,” Cora whined, sadness in her voice.
“Missed what?”
“Then why didn’t you just take me out to dinner for Valentine’s day? Why did you rent out a fucking aquarium to have penguins tell me they love me and fuck against a fish tank? Why did you get me a paint set that is worth more than I make in two weeks? Why do you do these grand things, Anthony Edward Stark? Isn’t loving someone enough?”
“You know she doesn’t understand any of what’s happening on that show, right?” Steve asked, removing his shoes and jacket. Tony just looked up and gave a tired smile. “Yeah, well there isn’t really much that I watch that’s kid friendly, so I settled for this. Plus this was my favorite as a kid so I don’t mind.”
“So, Cora’s been an absolute nightmare lately. She’s been as difficult as can be, as often as possible, throwing tantrums literally everywhere. It’s as if someone’s replaced my Cora with her polar opposite.”
Though it seemed like Steve was put out by the barrage of questions, he was genuinely grateful for friends that wanted nothing more than to look out not only for him but Cora too.
Tony bristled at that.
Tony smirked as he recited Steve’s previous question.
Tony Stark, the Founder of Stark Labs, billionaire son of Howard Stark, was standing at the end of Steve’s desk, bundled in a designer pea coat, knitted cap, and leather gloves. It took Steve a moment to kick his brain back into gear after it shorted at the realization that Tony was
“Meant for what, exactly, hm?” the blond asked, now rising to his feet, “ for being a father, a husband or for being loved?”
“Kind of, yeah.”
“Steve, look, I don’t care. I don’t mean about the situation as a whole, I mean about you liking a man. It’s less of a deal than you think it is, honestly. I happen to think every guy we hang out with is attractive. As a matter of fact there was a point in time when I even had feelings for you.”
“Hey, how was coffee?” Natasha asked, pushing one of the keys on Cora’s toy piano. Steve met Bucky’s eyes, before he turned away to answer.
“Thor’s right. Tony’s been down in that workshop for three weeks straight. What’s up with that?”
“Don’t be. I’ve already told you I’m fine and it’s okay. Despite that huge hurdle at the beginning there, I had a really great time. Natasha and Sam are absolutely amazing, and Bucky isn’t one hundred percent awful,” Tony offered, nuzzling his head into Steve’s chest before the blond barked out a laugh at his words.
“It’s been coming down pretty hard for a while, apparently. I just can't believe I wasn't the only one working so hard I didn't notice.”
“What are you doing?” Sam asked, utterly confused by Steve’s erratic behavior.
“It was a mistake,” Steve answered, trying to keep calm, “I never meant for any of this to happen, but it did. Tony and I are doing the adult thing here and accepting the consequences of our actions.”
“Sweetheart, I understand that things have not been easy lately. There have been a lot of changes around here and that’s hard. But you can’t keep acting like this, alright?” Steve asked, trying to reason with his daughter. Cora just gave him a pouty face, before pushing her plate off the table, spilling the peas all over the floor.
“I sat in that waiting room for half an hour, calling and texting you. Hoping you were just running late, that your phone died, that there had been an accident...anything that would explain you not showing up. I wanted so badly to believe that you were trying to get to me, to us, but in the end I convinced myself that this was your way of letting me know that you were backing out.”
“And okay, yeah, I hear ya. It’s just… it’s not so easy this time around. I stand to lose a lot here, so I just want to make sure that I don’t screw things up.”
“Whoa, why the full name?
“I am too,” Steve agreed, “I just have absolutely no clue what that job is or how to find it.”
“YEAH!” Cora answered enthusiastically.
“Even after--”
they’re not true. I should have never doubted you or your character for a second, and I just hope you can accept my apology.”
Almost immediately after finding out the sex of their baby, Tony wanted to start planning a baby shower. Seeing him become an excited father to be really put things in perspective for Steve. He hadn’t doubted Tony’s feelings or loyalty for some time now, but seeing him like this really solidified for Steve the fact that the alpha would go to hell and back for their baby and stop at nothing to keep them both safe. Knowing that, and seeing that in Tony, more than anything, assured it in Steve’s mind that he wanted to commit to the brunet.
“Love you, too.”
The elevator reached it’s destination all too quickly, and Tony was forced to move again. He managed to make it to the door, and knock twice.
“I would love to see you try—” Rumlow dared before immediately going silent as Tony’s hand gripped his throat.
“You seem to constantly be over a lot of things, Tony. Be a little more specific,” Pepper said around a laugh, as she curled up next to Tony with her cup of tea.
Tony thought to himself as he downed another drink.
Tony was still fuming over the thought that Steve had been hired as some sort of mole to steal his tech. He wanted to think this plan was low, even for Ty, but Tony knew the man would sink as low as he had to if it meant getting his way. So really, this seemed pretty on brand for Ty, but it was a shock coming from Steve, and that’s what hurt the most. Tony had been falling fast for the blond, but now he wasn’t sure what was true about him and what was made up. Thinking back on all of the time they had spent together, Tony really wanted to find a moment in time that he could pinpoint where he should have realized that Steve was a fraud, but even now, knowing the truth, he still couldn’t see it.
“Yes, but I’m your mess and currently, this mess is pissed that a 90 year old man in a star spangled unitard said such shitty things about me!”
He’d been out of the military for 5 years, and finished his degree in Physical Education a little over a year ago. Though he’d found a job working at a local gym, he learned fairly quickly that he needed something more substantial to get out of the paycheck to paycheck cycle he’d found himself living in. He remembered the day he’d gone to visit his best friend Bucky and his fiancee, Natasha, at their apartment a few months before. Steve had been feeling beyond discouraged, seeing the minimal amount of money in his bank account after paying his bills for the month.
“So,” Tony began, leaning back enough on the stone bench to let the sun warm his face, “I feel like since I just dumped a huge personal secret on you, it’s only fair that you tell me your whole life’s story so that we’re even. Or at the very least tell me what led you to becoming a teacher.”
“So...I heard it’s going to snow today,” Steve started as they rounded a corner.
“Oh, that was Tony. I ran into him at the art museum yesterday so we spent the rest of the day together and decided to make a habit of it! Going to museums then getting great food!”
“Well, you seem to have a handle on things so we’re just gonna head out. But if you need anything just call us, we won’t be too far,” Natasha said, going in for a half hug.
Tony gave a sigh, legitimately questioning why he ever called her when he was bored.
“Okay, well I guess I’ll head out and try to see if I can’t get a jump start on looking into this,” Nat said, getting her things together before she stood. “I’ll see you guys later,” she said in farewell.
Everything stopped for a moment as soon as Bruce’s words registered.
“It’s never too early for you, hold on,” Steve moved quickly, and after a few minutes he returned with a slightly groggy Cora.
Steve stepped into the elevator, looking around for the man that Tony said would escort him, but didn’t see anyone.
Steve sat there and continued to listen as the sound took him over. The only word he could think to describe this moment was overwhelming, but only in the best way possible.
The apology came spilling off his tongue and with so little thought that it took him a moment to realize that Steve had pulled him back into the best kiss he’d ever had. Steve had his hands planted on either side of Tony’s face, and Tony would be lying if he said this wasn’t the hottest thing he’d ever experienced. Steve licked his bottom lip and a low moan escaped Tony’s mouth. He effortlessly moved from the couch to Steve’s lap and found that his erection was matched by the man underneath him. Steve moved his hands to rest on Tony’s hips and fuck if that didn’t make Tony harder. All he wanted to do was trail kisses down Steve’s neck and perfectly crafted stomach, before swallowing his cock. The thought alone was enough to make Tony come right then and there, until a realization hit him right in the gut. He was wasted, harder than he’d ever been, making out with Captain fucking America. At that, Tony pulled away abruptly, only to be greeted with the most beautiful sight he’d ever seen. Steve was sitting under him, panting with swollen lips and pupils blown with lust.
Truth be told, Steve wanted nothing more than to slink back to his car, drive home, and hide under the covers in that moment. But he swallowed that feeling, hoping he could summon the bravado needed to continue this conversation. “I appreciate your faith and trust in me, Principal, and I don’t take either lightly. I know how important this job is, and I intend to give 110% to my students and this school as a whole.”
“Hi, how can I help you--” Tony just stood there, stunned as he looked at the man in front of him.
She stretched, giving a small yawn, and reached out to wrap her tiny fingers around Steve’s pinky. The omega turned to look at Tony, with a look of nothing but love and awe behind his teary blue eyes.
She nodded.
“This place looks a lot different when it’s not filled with people and decorated for Halloween,” Steve spoke, slowly making his way to the kitchen.
“So you’re going to notice something a little off about the aquarium today…” Tony started as they walked in.
The way Steve continued to thrust up into Tony until Tony came between them.
Steve walked over to pick up Sprocket.  “Thank you, Tony,” he said with a sad smile.
“Love yew, dada,” she slurred, rubbing her eyes. “Love yew, ‘ony.”
“I’m sure if Mr. Volkov was able to find someone desperate enough to marry him, he’s not going to let them go,” Natasha teased, laughing at the look of disgust on Tony’s face as he pictured the other very old, very not good looking Russian teacher.
Tony retreated to his workshop after the little confrontation he had with Steve. He tried so hard to avoid everyone; so of course he’d run into the one person he was running from. He didn’t know what to think of Steve’s actions, he also had no idea what to think of his words either. Never in a million years would he have imagined that Steve would want to be with him. Granted, Tony was well aware why Steve would be attracted to him (Tony is the definition of narcissistic after all), he just couldn’t understand why he’d want to be in a relationship. All relationships were good for was making things messy and complicated, and if Tony had learned anything from the failure that was he and Pepper, it was that he had no business being in a relationship. Tony racked his brain for any sign he may have missed; anything in the past three weeks that gave away Steve’s real feelings. He sighed when he realized that he couldn’t even figure out when his own feelings surfaced, so he’d never be able to figure out Steve. Tony’s mind was hazy with thoughts of the previous night combined with the confrontation that happened minutes ago. It felt more than amazing to have Steve’s soft lips pressed to his, and Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t been thinking about how great it felt to straddle Steve while they were both so hard. Tony’s eyes snapped shut as he remembered the feeling of Steve palming him. His own hand traveled down to his lap, just to mimic the gesture. He gasped at the touch, and groaned, as his hands seemed to work his pants opened without any thought. His mind wandered to the events last night as he took hold of his cock. He imaged what would have happened if he hadn’t run away: Steve grabbing his ass, deepening the kiss and moaning. He imagined himself sliding out of Steve’s lap, freeing his cock and swallowing him whole. The thought of how good Steve would taste mixed with a mental picture of how wrecked he looked after their make out was enough to push Tony over the edge. He shuddered as he came with Steve’s name on his lips. It took a moment for his brain to reboot, and when it did he sighed, heavily. He hadn’t gotten off on the thought of Captain America since he was a teenager, and now that he had their make out session on his mind, he’d never need anything else to get him off again. As he cleaned himself up, Tony ran a hand through his hair. He knew that turning Steve down wasn’t going to be easy, but with all the fantasies floating around his head, he’d be lucky to make it out of this alive.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, “if that bot is as complex as you’ve told me, if it’s capable of doing all that you explained, why are they letting it practically sit back and relax instead of using it to win?”
“You know...the Christmas thing.”
“What did we say about throwing food?” Tony demanded, taking the cake away from Cora.
“Tony, I know it’s been a while, but I’m pretty sure we talked about this. If you’ve got a problem, you need to clearly state what it is. I’m not a mind reader, I don’t know what you’re thinking.”
Ty looked at Tony, a bit confused. “I think you misunderstood our last interaction. I’m not looking to partner or compromise here. I literally just wanted to steal your code and fuck with you as I did it. You’ve served your purpose here, I don’t need or want anything else from you at this point.”
Tony wasn’t sure how long he was out, but he woke up to the feeling of cold water splashing his face. He startled at the feeling, seeing Steve leaning over him when his vision came into focus.
“Me?!” Steve croaked.
Tony just offered the first genuine smile he’d given Bucky since the man entered his office.
“Oh Jesus.”
“If I ever hear you say another negative thing about Tony or this baby, I will rip your throat out with my bare hands. Do you understand me? Do you?!”
“I hear you baby, I’ve got you,” Tony soothed, before lining himself up. He slowly pushed in, bottoming out in record time, letting out a low groan the second his hips met Steve’s ass.
“You know what… yeah. We can go on a date,” Steve said, as he began to walk towards the door.
Any doubts that Tony had melted away the second he saw the look on the omega’s face.
That was all it took for Tony to dive back in, full steam ahead. As they continued to kiss, tongues licking moans out of each other's mouths, Steve felt something slow and rhythmic brushing against his thigh. He pulled away and looked down long enough to see Tony stroking himself over his sweats. Without giving the idea much thought, Steve pulled his cock out and reached for Tony’s waist band. “Can I?”
Sitting there watching Steve, Tony wondered what the man would look like in the following months as their baby grew inside of him. He liked the thought of seeing the omega with a belly and knowing that it was because of him. There were a lot of implications that thought had, but for now, Tony was happy to push figuring them out later.
“Listen, Fury wouldn’t be too happy about us switching sections, so you’re just going to have to get through this, okay? Just try your best to treat him like any other customer. If there’s any funny business, or if you legitimately feel uncomfortable, come find me and I’ll take over. Got it?”
“Rhodey told me that you still have yet to tell Steve about your family,” Tony groaned instantly. He told Rhodey, in confidence, about the little spat that he and Steve had over his Valentine’s day gift. He should have known better that somehow it’d get back to Pepper that he wasn’t being one hundred percent truthful with his boyfriend.
Steve’s face turned beet red in the moment as he gave a small wave. “Hello Peter,” he said, giving a small cough before turning to Tony. “I should probably head back to the gym. So, uh, I guess I’ll see you at the meeting this afternoon.” Steve moved to leave but stopped once he realized he was still holding Sprocket. “I’ll just uh...leave this here...with you,” he said practically running away after leaving the bot on Tony’s desk.
Tony gave a sad smile as she left, hoping more than anything that she was right.
Natasha seemed to consider this a moment. She took a sip of her coffee before answering.
; it looked to be at least half of the entire floor of the apartment building. The amazement Steve felt walking through the hallway paled in comparison to the awe he felt looking at the guest bedroom itself. The space looked to be as big as his one bedroom apartment, with a massive floor to ceiling window. Taking in the view of the city below him, Steve heard a light knock on the bedroom door.
“Tony Stark, you are something else, you know that?"
Everyone looked at one another in confusion, but agreed to the terms that were set.
Tony couldn’t take his eyes off of Steve as it registered with the blond that his words had been added to the song. Steve turned to look at him, amazed. All Tony could do was smile and nod. As they listened to Steve’s words being sung, Tony took a chance, reaching out for Steve’s hand. The blond laced their fingers without missing a beat, gently squeezing Tony’s hand for good measure. Tony felt like his heart was soaring as they continued listening to the song.
“For a man who seems so interesting, I wouldn’t expect you to like the most boring ice cream flavor the world has to offer,” Steve said, giving a nod of thanks as the waiter placed a glass of water in front of him. The second their waiter left the table, Tony stuck a finger in his glass, and flicked it at the blond.
“Don’t you mean
“Well that doofus is regretting it now.”
“Alright, now onto the gifts,” Natasha started, handing Steve his first box to open.
Peter considered the calculators for a moment, before giving a smile “I guess today is 6th period’s lucky day.”
“Hey Cora, look, your daddy’s over there! Should we ride over to him and show him how great you are at riding ponies?” Tony asked.
Steve gave a small laugh before continuing.
“I know.”
The two looked at each other, then burst out into laughter. Tony always loved the back and forth he had with Carol. She seemed to be the sister he’d never had, and he enjoyed the fact that she never took shit from anyone, especially from him.
Tony looked at the blond, stunned.
“To me, Tony Stark: rich, famous tech genius and Tony Stark: charming, sweet, brilliant physics teacher and robotics team coach are two completely different people. Despite all the designer clothes and the nice sports cars, I regularly forget that he’s
“I still can’t believe it. We get to be parents to the most amazing little girl this world has to offer. How did we get so lucky?” Steve asked, as Tony tucked him back into his hospital bed.
“So…I’d definitely understand if you wanted to call it quits,” Steve spoke quietly as he rummaged around the kitchen. Tony could barely hear him, as he was still sitting on the couch, watching Cora stack her blocks intently. She might have Peggy’s curls, but she had Steve’s crystal blue eyes.
Tony sealed his statement with a kiss to the omega’s temple and suddenly, Steve felt a calm come over him. Moments later, he felt a strange sensation over his lower stomach, then a lot of tugging. Tony’s hold on his hand became tighter as time went on, but suddenly, his hold loosened, and he seemingly shifted.
“I literally cannot win with you!”
Tony broke out into a smile as he pulled Steve off the couch over to their makeshift love nest. He stripped down to nothing before moving to the blanket and extending his hand to pull Steve down with him. He ran his hands over Steve’s sweater-clad shoulders and down his chest, only to take hold of the hem of the sweater to pull it off.
“Yeah, sure. Hey Coraline, you want to go show Tony the cake we made? I’ll be over in a minute.”
“Is dat Ony?!?” Cora yelled from somewhere off screen. In a matter of seconds, Steve’s face was replaced with a very excited Coraline in her
“Is… is that okay?” Steve asked, obviously not wanting to ask too much of his boyfriend. Tony quickly ran his free hand through his hair, giving a silent sigh.
The second she spoke, Tony knew something was wrong.
“A thing happened at work, and Pepper is busy at some kind of business cocktail hour thing so she can’t help me.”
"So...you've known about this?"
“I need to talk to you,” was all Tony said as he made his way towards the redhead’s desk.
“There’s something I think we need to talk about,” Tony said, now feeling the nervousness overtake him.
“Alright well, I’ll talk to you later. Thanks again,” he said before squeezing the hand Tony had placed on his arm before turning to leave.
Steve sniffed. “I don’t think I could survive that, either, but...”
“Why’s that?” Tony asked, knowing full well what answer he’d get.
“Is that so?”
Tony was taken aback by Steve’s actions but something suddenly dawned on him.
Steve seemed to want to look anywhere other than the alpha, but when he finally did, Tony could see the tears threatening to fall from his eyes.
Tony noticed the stutter in Steve’s movements at that statement.
“Then come,” Tony said as he fisted the base of Steve’s cock and continued to suck the head.
when he found out he was going to be a father.
“I guess you’re right.”
It took a moment before Ms. Hill finally looked up from her computer, but once she did, she offered a small smile and a single nod.
“Well, yeah it’ll be okay. There’s probably some kind of pullout couch or something. We can figure it out, no need to worry,” Steve said, smiling to reinforce the fact that he really didn’t mind.
“Thank you, Coraline,” Steve said, taking the phone from the two year old. “Hello Peggy.”
“Alright good, just know that we’ll let you continue to do your pro bono work, however you must do it through Vision as opposed to doing it on your own.”
Once they got to the carousel, Tony made sure to step in front of the blond. “Don’t worry, I got this,” he said, taking out a five dollar bill. “No point in having all this money if you can’t throw it around a little.”
Tony just smiled up at Steve, before continuing to sift through what the store had in stock. They had no clue where to start with making this costume, but they gathered everything they thought might work, along with costumes for themselves, and headed home.
“Yeah it wouldn’t be anything to worry about if not for the fact that when I tried to apologize, he said he thought I was cute so it was fine.”
“Yeah. That was Coraline, all right.”
“Where are we going?” Steve asked around a yawn. Tony had woken him up at the asscrack of dawn to get started on their trip.
“The plans he was making, I get that they seemed a little overwhelming and all but you have to understand where he’s coming from. The things that he was planning with you, the apartment, daycare, moving around your school schedules… he was trying to do things for you, both of you, that his father never did for his family. He wants to be the best he can for you and Coraline, but he doesn’t really know how to do that without using his money.”
“That’s not even close to what I was thinking…”
He struggled to his feet, then turned to extend a hand to Steve who gladly accepted the help. Once back at the car, Tony pulled the blindfold out of his pocket. Steve just rolled his eyes before taking the blindfold and securing it himself. Tony ushered him into the car, helping him to fasten his seatbelt, then ran to get in. They made the rest of the drive hands intertwined and in silence, save for the sound of the heat blasting through the car.
“It was fine, how were things here?”
“I need you all to listen, and listen good because I’m only going to say this once. None of you have to like Tony, but you do have to respect him and the decision that we’ve made. If I see or hear any of you giving him any less than the respect you give me, there will be hell to pay. Understood?”
“Jesus, Steve, with this again? I’m not ‘throwing money at you’. You’ve only been my server maybe four times, and I’ve tipped you the same way I tip everyone,” Tony said, defensively.
“Do you know what happened today?”
it was going to be the last time, so he couldn’t enjoy it to it’s fullest. Now, he knew. He reminded himself to remember.
“I guess I probably should have made you sign some kind of NDA before bringing you here, but you seem like a pretty trustworthy fella,” Tony smiled over his shoulder as he waved his phone in front of the door handle.
Tony just busied himself removing everything from the crock pot and dishing a plate for each of them. Once he set the plates on the table, he turned to get them each a glass of water. The alpha sat and watched as Steve began to dig into the plate in front of him. He took a small experimental bite, but once he got a full taste of the roast, his eyes went wide in surprise.
“Yeah, I figured as much, so I called Nat and Pepper to meet us at the apartment.”
“This is your classroom, it’s fair to assume you’d be here. Plus I saw you walking past the teacher’s lounge.” Natasha said, sounding annoyed despite her slightly amused smile. “Where have you been all week?”
Steve found it extremely endearing that Tony not only cared enough to bring him soup but to also make him promise to see someone about what was wrong. He couldn’t help the goofy smile from forming on his face.
“But you do?”
bad, whatever it was. Right around 5 pm, Tony packed up his things and walked over to Coulson’s office, stepping inside once he saw the door was open.
“And we wouldn’t want you to have to drop out of school to have a baby out of wedlock now would we,” Sam chimed in with a laugh.
Tony walked into the coffee shop next to
The way Steve whispered “I’m gonna cum.”
Pepper looked at Tony with a soft smile, and he physically cringed. She thought this was endearing, he could practically feel the sympathy radiating off of her, which somehow made it all worse.
“Thanks again for the clothes,” Steve picked up the lone cup of coffee from the living room table and lifted it towards his lips. “Thanks for the coffee too.”
Steve looked at Tony fondly as he spoke. The look in his eyes was enough to cause Tony’s cheeks to warm. He cleared his throat just to break eye contact before finally adding, “So...yeah, that's what the big sweater is about.”
“I know,” Tony whispered.
Tony continued kissing Steve, laying him down in the process. He let his hand trail down past Steve’s balls, slowly circling his hole once he found it. Upon feeling slickness, Tony’s eyes shot up to see the blush forming on Steve’s face.
“Honey, I think Tony’s a little tired so we’ll have to let him get back to sleep. You gotta say bye-bye now, ok?”
“I hear we have a birthday girl!” she said, excitedly. “How old are you today?”
“I just can’t believe I accused Steve of having any part in this,” Tony said, rubbing his eyes with his thumb and forefinger.
“I just...this isn’t me, ok? I’m not the kind of guy who just...has crushes on people. Especially people who have only been able to stand me for two months, after knowing me for three years. I’m a lone alpha, I don’t do the whole romance thing.”
“She texted me. She has to work a double, so she’ll be by tomorrow.”
“Hey little guy,” Steve said, reaching in the box for the bot, “Hope you’re ready to meet the team today!”
Howard calmly walked the the bar at the end of the living room, pouring two glasses of whiskey before moving to sit in his large arm chair. He placed the second glass of whiskey on the living room table, motioning for Tony to come and have a seat. The brunet reluctantly obliged, taking a sip of the amber liquid in his glass.
“Geez that must have been some kiss!”
At that, Tony paused. He’d been so preoccupied with feeling sorry for himself that he hadn't managed to think what that would mean for his business or his reputation.
"How'd you all get in here? I thought they had a strict two visitor policy."
“Do ya like it?” Cora asked, anxiously awaiting Steve’s critique.
As the last patrons got onto the ride, music started playing. It sounded like an instrumental version of Frank Sinatra’s
“I actually haven’t spent very much time with her yet--”
“Oh wow, okay well..thanks, Tony. Is there anything in particular I need to know before our first...meeting? Practice?” Steve asked, a little unsure of whether this was more of a sport or just a club.
“We need to talk…about us.”
“Absolutely! I haven’t really gotten much of a chance to spend any time with Bucky outside of the holiday parties the teachers have, so I wouldn’t exactly pass up an opportunity to see what he’s like when he lets loose. I might get to hear his laugh for the first time ever.”
“Mr. Rogers, do you mind if I ask you a question?” Peter asked, timidly.
“I...sorry,” Steve offered, looking literally anywhere other than at Tony.
“I’m ready for you,” Steve said.
All three of them sat there now, each letting that statement sink in. After a few moments the sound of Tony’s wheezing cut through the silence.
“And yet, I feel like coffee is a lot more useful.”
The second the omega stepped in the store, however, he was suddenly overwhelmed with an intense craving for fruit. Walking through the produce section, Steve stopped by each and every single fruit considering whether or not he could fit it into dinner somehow. After a few minutes he decided he didn't much care whether or not he could fit certain fruits into dinner and just put almost everything in sight into his cart.
It had sounded like a great idea at the time, but the more Steve thought about it, the more nervous he became as he got ready for their date. He found himself wanting to make sure he impressed Tony all over again, as if he was making a legitimate first impression.
He tore through the pastel colored wrapping paper with little finesse. Once he’d gotten down to the box and opened it, he felt he had to hold back tears almost immediately. In his hands was the absolute cutest little pastel purple dress the blond had ever seen. He looked up to survey those around him, wondering if the person who purchased the dress knew that his mother’s favorite color was purple. But upon receiving a slight nod from Bucky off at the far end of the group, Steve knew that this was meant to be a reminder that his mother was there with them, and would always be there with his daughter. He gave a small laugh, making no effort to hid the few tears that fell.
“Please Tony, I...I need your knot...want to feel you swell inside me and...fill me up. Please, please please,” Steve cried.
“A burger, fries, and a beer.”
“Okay, sweetheart. We’re gonna go in, now.”
He sat in silence for the entire ride, looking out the window to survey the world around him. Spring was coming soon, and even though it’d still be cold for a while in New York, things were starting to look a lot less cold and bleak. Tony genuinely loved this time of year, but now, with a baby to look forward to, things just seemed a little brighter.
He didn’t know why, but Tony’s question genuinely took Steve by surprise. He and Tony were definitely friends, but they had never been the type to just hang out, at least not before ...their predicament. He wasn’t sure if he should be excited that Tony suddenly wanted to spend time with him or saddened that it might only be because of the baby. Either way, he wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity.
anything.” Tony began, looking slightly offended. “I literally just invited you here to tell you that your scheme epically backfired. Also to let you know that if you don’t want me to let your board and the media know about how you took advantage of an uncle who was just trying to help out his very sick niece, you’ll go back under the troll bridge you crawled out of and leave me the fuck alone for the forseeable future. Otherwise, you’ve served your purpose here, I don’t need or want anything else from you at this point.” Tony finished, throwing Ty’s words back at him.
Tony just sneered at them both.
“So,” Steve started, before taking a sip of his orange juice, “what’d you do today?”
“Is that not what you called me here for? If you wanted someone who was going to blow smoke up your ass and tell you exactly what you want to hear, you should have called that intern Peter. He’s dying for your approval so I’m sure he would have sat here and told you any bull shit excuse you wanted.”
Steve gave a sigh, before cramming his hands in his pockets. He knew this conversation would happen eventually, and had been preparing himself for it for days now.
much self reflection), until now. However, realizing that Pepper was right and that he, in fact, did have a thing for Steve, was something Tony just couldn’t handle.
“Well…” Steve started, a little apprehensive to spill his thoughts, “when Tony comes home I’m going to tell him that whenever he’s ready, I think we should bond…”
“And what do any of those projects have to do with you? You’ve been down there almost as much as he has these last few weeks.”
“Alright Cap, I’ll come out tonight. But if I find out you only invited me so I could foot the bill, you’re dead.”
“For the last fucking time, we aren’t dating!” Steve spat out, beyond done with the conversation at hand.
“Why does my love life matter so much to you? Tony and I gave it a shot and I realized it wasn’t going to work. Why are you giving me such a hard time about this?”
Tony tentatively reached out for Steve’s hand, still somewhat shocked when the blond welcomed the gesture and laced their fingers together.
Instantly he felt awful for yelling at the red head, but he couldn’t stop to think about that. He just had to power through this story.
Tony knew better than to challenge Steve when he was so obviously right, but it was almost like second nature. Tony wasn’t able to give his words much thought before he felt Steve’s hand palm him through his jeans.
“I don’t like you calling her that,” Nana said as Peggy reached into the highchair to pluck the dozing baby out. “Her name is Coraline. You named her Coraline. You should call her Coraline.”
Everything had been or was going to be ruined. His company, his team, his relationship with Steve...everything. Tony gave himself a few minutes to wallow in the sorrow of this entire mess, but the second he stepped back out into the hallway he rolled his shoulders back, stood up straight and walked out of that school as a man on a mission.
Rhodey laughed off his friend's comment as he went back to work. Tony took a look around the desk beneath him and considered the items decorating the surface. The one thing that stood out most was a picture frame with a picture of Rhodey and his girlfriend Carol at the beach. Tony smiled to himself, feeling happiness for his friend paired with a weird feeling he'd learned not to dwell on.
A small smile spread across Tony’s face as he recognized that voice. “You’re gonna need something a little stronger than that if you wanna make it through the school year,” Tony suggested, turning to finally take in the man he’d first seen earlier in the day.
“Alright, we will get to the part about what you’ll be wearing in a second,” Sam said, putting up a finger to silence the protest he knew was about to come out of Steve’s mouth, “but first, what are you getting Tony?”
