"Everything okay?" Steve asked. There really was no use in trying to explain to Wade, again, why he shouldn't hover over someone while they slept.
"Okay," Steve said, letting his punches become a little harder, seeing that Tony could take it without being pushed backwards by the force. "I talked to Bruce, about his past research, with your Dad, er, Howard."
As the front door opened Tony sniffed the air and smiled. "You all play dirty, that's the smell of good coffee." His feet brought him to the kitchen first. "What is the baby Mama doing up in the kitchen?" He asked as Meg handed him a mug.
"Alright, that's good," Steve nodded. "Do you know what state you're in?"
"Miss Parker," Steve jumped a little at the british accent that came from the tablet, "I do apologize for interrupting, but I find it most urgent." Steve looked up at Mary who looked almost as surprised as he felt. She walked over and took the tablet from the table, giving an apologetic look to Steve, and set her bag by the closet.
“What if it came out weird?” Steve retorted.
Bucky and Steve both snorted at them.
“Fine, JARVIS order us ten pizzas with the usual toppings. Is that alright with everyone?”
“No I wasn’t”
Peter’s eyes began to leak when he heard a shuffling from nearby. Tony was staring, frozen in place, at the screen.
“I’m sure Steve was a real bad boy in the forties, but not helping an old lady cross the street isn’t exactly treasonous anymore.” Tony quipped.
“We should go skiing!” Tony excitedly blurted out as the Quinjet passed over some snowy mountains. The mission had been particularly rough, and the team had been lightly discussing the idea of going on a vacation together when Tony made his contribution.
“Me neither. In the Depression we didn’t exactly have the time to travel off for something like this, let alone the money to afford the gear and shelter. We can figure it out together, alright? And you can call me Steve.”
“-Why would you sleep on the floor while I was away then?”
Natasha was curled over on herself and shaking in silent laughter. She patted Steve’s shoulder.
“Wait you’re not going to talk about it?”
“What’s all this?” Peter curiously examined a certificate of some kind by his feet. Bucky recognized it pretty quickly and Steve pointed to a pile on his left.
“Bucky.” Steve’s sad puppy eyes were eating at Bucky’s resolve. He was the only one who could break through all the assassin training and coerce Bucky into revealing thoughts and emotions.
“I want to sleep with you.” Peter blurted out. Then, with a slight blush, he added, “for warmth.”
“I’ve seen how you eat with that spidey metabolism - I think this is the perfect amount.” Tony didn’t mention the fact that Peter had eaten way less than normal during lunch earlier.
He picked at his fingernails. “To me, he was really cool you know. He was twenty-three and about to go to graduate school. He was really smart and he seemed really interested in everything I was saying. At the party we just talked about school and a robot I was building for a class project. He taught me how to play flip-cup. He asked for my number so we could hang out because I ‘seemed mature for my age.’”
Steve looked hesitant.
“Wow! This place is amazing! I can’t believe I’m actually in France!” Peter cried, practically bouncing off the walls due to his excitement. He’d never even left the country before, besides Germany, and he was in awe of the architecture.
Steve opened his mouth to answer but suddenly he felt arms around his waist and a head on his shoulder. “Nearly eighty five years.” He heard his boyfriend answer from beside him.
“No, JARVIS mute all notifications about Steve Rodgers. I don’t want to be reminded of them.”
“I was just...” Tony decided that he had already made a fool of himself today and been inconsiderate of one of his best friends so he might as well continue to bare his soul, “...a little bit jealous. I like you Steve.”
After a few moments of silence, Tony spun around in his chair. Steve hadn’t been too familiar with tools when he started hanging around the workspace, but nowadays he was able to pick out anything Tony needed. “Forgot what a screwdriver looks like?"
The endearment and the touch got Tony thinking again to what caused the outburst. He looked at Bucky who seemed thoroughly amused by the situation.
“Your episodes haven’t occurred for months. They’re shorter than ever. I could handle them when they were bad-“
WARNING: Smut
“You couldn’t exactly court a fella in those times.” Steve shrugged.
“I love you more than I love my own life Steve. I was unforgivably cruel to you. When you sent me that voicemail...” Tony explained his misunderstanding to Steve and he finally seemed to notice the dog on the bed.
“How’re you feeling?” Tony looked up at him as he entered the room.  “Better” He slunk down in the seat next to his boyfriend and cuddled up to his side. “It doesn’t seem so fresh anymore.” That was true. With Tony, Steve had finally begun to accept the future and all of its quirks. He got over the people in his past live, comforted by the fact that many of them lived long, happy lives. Tony nodded and lovingly rubbed his arm.
Tony’s mind perked up as he had two simultaneous realizations. One, Steve should be out running: he never missed a morning run except on Sundays and when he was injured. Two, Steve was a much bigger, much warmer presence on the bed than the figure who was currently in Tony’s arms.
Steve stopped dead in his tracks. “Buck, you don’t need to ask permission to do anything, but can you tell me why?”
“-Bucky wouldn’t have know any better either. I didn’t come into contact with latex or whatever that chemical was before. No one would know.”
~Tony~
“Okay.” Tony sat back for a second. The breaks between his lusty urges were becoming longer. He sat down and panted for a bit. His mind wandered back to the alien lab.
Now that he was all fixed up, he joined the rest of the team. Natasha had a ice pack against her lower rib cage. Bruce was helping Tony put antibiotics on his wounds. Steve and Bucky were just trying to get any dirt out before their cuts closed over, they were immune to infections and scars anyway. Fortunately, it was an easy mission so the whole team wasn’t assembled. No one was hurt badly.
That’s when he saw the picture of Steve on the wall. He was devilishly handsome in his military uniform and he was smirking in a way that Tony knew would appear in some of his fantasies.
“I have a private ski lodge that could easily fit everyone. It’s in a gorgeous location surrounded by trees and extremely close to a lift. It’ll be a good private spot to relax and let loose.” He started rambling in his trance. “JARVIS let the vacation staff know to stock the place with an ungodly amount of food and that we’ll be up within the week.”
“You guys caused such a huge commotion. I was really grateful that people showed up to watch me though.” Peter reminised as he flipped the page of the photo album Steve had insisted upon because they were more sentimental than digital. The next few pages were filled with pictures of the team in the tower. There was Thor and Steve smiling as they ate breakfast together. Sam in an apron baking Spiderman cupcakes for Peter’s birthday. Natasha and Bruce cuddled under a blanket on the couch. Clint demonstrating how to shoot arrows for Bucky. Tony covered in flour with Loki doubled over from laughing in the background. There were some of them posing with their weapons. One where the whole team was gathered around a Christmas tree in ugly sweaters. Peter hissing at a candy cane.
“Come on guys, it’s Bruce. If you don’t get seen on the jet, I’ll turn you into the SHIELD medical facility.”
“Why?” Tony, even being a genius, couldn’t think of another reason why Steve would choose to sleep on the ground. He was out of ideas.
“That was fantastic.” Tony panted as he slumped back onto a stack of pillows.
Peter hummed in appreciation and Steve left him to continue his work.
“And always staying together while skiing?”
“Steve, remember amazon? It’s that site online where you can…”
Steve was suspicious now, but he knew Tony wouldn’t hurt him. He hoped it wasn’t some giant over-the-top surprise. Tony enjoyed giving extravagant gifts and Steve knew it was his way of showing love, but sometimes they were just too much. He reached in his pocket for a paper from earlier and realized he must have left it in the living room.
Peter's enhanced senses can't handle the loud noises during the fourth of July celebration. Tony comforts him.
“Wouldn’t the skyscrapers in New York be better for your skills? Sam asked, watching Peter stare at the old hotel they booked for a few nights. Tony, Bucky, and Steve all passed them to check in and get situated.
“Hawkeye here. I’m currently being lifted to the ground by Iron Man. We’re both doing fine.”
The boys seemed to be having a serious conversation, but the audio was off because Tony didn’t want to actually spy. When he looked up from something on his tablet, Bucky was jokingly punching Steve in the shoulder and the pair was doubled over in laughter. Eventually, after a tiny bit of roughhousing, Bucky got up and said something to Steve. He walked out looking determined.
“This stuff has you in in.”
He thought for a moment longer before moving the dog aside and kneeling down next to Tony. “I love you too. I want to be with you more than anything in the world. Please promise me you’ll work on trusting me?”
“Well I want you to come sunbathe with me.”
His mind went back to all the times he’d voiced his insecurities about stepping into Peter’s life as Tony’s spouse. Even though the “kid” was an adult, he’d been dealt a rough hand and he deserved a father who provided him all the attention and help he deserved. Steve didn’t want to detract from that. Tony reassured him that him just thinking about that showed how much Steve loved Peter and that it proved he would be a good father. He convinced him that Peter wasn’t upset about Germany anymore. Whenever Steve snuck away to leave them for some father-son bonding, Tony had insisted he stay because he was a part of the family.
“Probably. Didn’t you complain about it nonstop though? I think Bucky likes it too so win-win right? I thought it was kinda cute the first few times I went with him, but I can see how that would get old fast.”
“Tony thinks we’re dating.”
Tony sighed dramatically as they rounded the corner. “We have toothbrushes. You know that right? And they’re much better than these.” Tony picked up the plastic packaging like it was garbage. “Ours are electric and everything. They even have special modifications that I added so they’re molded specifically to our mouths.”
Tony’s eyes widened in realization. He’d read about how gay men were treated during Steve’s era. He knew the risks of being discovered and he’d heard about the multitude of slurs and other demeaning reactions from society. How did he not remember that?
They hadn’t spoken to each other for hours, but it was a comfortable silence. After Peter had a near death experience during his freshman year of college, Tony realized that he couldn’t live without the boy and kissed him. Peter enthusiastically returned the kiss and admitted that he had been crushing on his mentor for a long time. Now, a year after dating, they routinely spent, according to Pepper, ’Too much time in the lab’ working on different inventions for themselves or the rest of the avengers. Tony found his gaze drifting from the wires in his arms to his boyfriend. “Enjoying the view,’ Peter teased, not looking up from his vial of web fluid. “Damn Spidey senses. I can’t even ogle my my boyfriend.” “I don’t think me pointing it out has ever stopped you,” Peter laughed, “guess it’s probably time to go upstairs and eat something?” Tony loved that smile. He just barely held in a contented sigh as he made the first move to leave. Peter quickly followed suit and, once in the kitchen, starting making sandwiches for the both of them.
“It’s alright sweetheart. I will be watching the footage though. JARVIS, pull up the video of Steve falling out of bed. Adjust the lighting so I can see it clearly.”
Peter cut him off with a quick kiss before saying, “Sorry for interrupting the show.”
Steve was fully awake now and he was blushing. “Um…”
“Mmm. Fuck.” Tony heard low moaning as he approached Steve’s door. The door wasn’t even entirely closed, so the room wasn’t soundproof like usual. Tony could imagine Steve rushing in, horny as hell, and forgetting to close the door in his haste.
Steve added a few lines to his sketch and Bucky looked up at Tony with one eyebrow raised. His eyes widened as he turned back to Steve, “You didn’t tell him?”
Natasha was grinning manically. Clint and Tony seemed shocked.
Wait? What? Tony’s jaw dropped.
“Whoops” Tony’s hand slipped and Bucky’s fingers started to vibrate. He’d agreed to help Bucky with an issue he’d been having with his arm so they were down in the lab. Steve was relaxing on the couch drawing pictures of the robots.
“What was Buck joking about?”
“Mmm” Bucky leaned over and kissed Steve. The adrenaline coursing through his veins made Steve almost frantic. He squeezed Bucky’s ass and deepened the kiss. Bucky pulled back with a small moan.
Tony nodded and admitted it was probably time for a break. He stumbled up to the kitchen.
“M’ done. All good.”
Bucky was speechless. He twisted his arm around to admire each animal and how they were posed to fit perfectly together.
“I second that.” Bucky’s deep voice filled the line.
“But in your other relationships-“
They decided to go wash their hands in the restroom while they waited for their food as they chatted passionately about all the exciting technological advances they’d witnessed at the convention and all the possible improvements they could think of. They were getting particularly detailed about a cheap, algae based alternative to synthetic fibers as they headed past the bar and back to their seats.
“Wake up Cap! Meal time!” Steve blinked his eyes open to the sound of Clint yelling from the kitchen. Everyone else was already moving to sit around the communal table so he got up and sat between Tony and Bruce.
Tony was confused. “Why are you speaking so loud? Medical corsets and liver juice?”
Tony realized it was probably a pretty stupid question so he clarified: “I meant, did they even have sex toys during world war two?”
“I think he is. Those are all small problems that I’m sure Tony Stark can handle. Peter is ready for this.”
“You’re the cutest boy I’ve ever seen. Isn’t that right Charlie? You’re going to be a good boy for me, right?” Steve’s gentle voice played over the speakers in Tony’s room. “That’s it. You’ve got it!”
The clip of Peter getting punched in the neck played on the TV in their room.
“Well, the serum was made to make the perfect solider. That included enhanced reproductive urges. It was starting to affect me a bit so Howard invented something to relieve the tension.”
“All their weapons were in the other room right? This looks like a medical area. I don’t think they’d keep dangerous stuff with their first aid supplies. It might be valuable medicine.”
The team already knew Steve to be a bit reserved after a fight. The man had admitted to Tony that all the strategizing, assessing, and re-strategizing he did in his mind throughout a battle was mentally draining. Tony was the opposite. Unless they lost, he became slightly keyed-up for about an hour post-fight. He would ramble about anything and nothing at the same time, leg bouncing in his seat.
“It’s Steve. I’ll leave if you want me to, but I’d really like to talk to you buddy?”
“I’ve never been skiing before, Mr. Rogers. I don’t know how to do this.”
Tony and Steve had been in a strange room full of vials just an hour ago. It’d been in the alien spaceship that had crashed on the border of Manhattan.
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony stood up and grabbed the tool himself. “Did you just say you didn’t know which one it is because you knew you couldn’t reach it?” Tony’s mouth snapped shut after his question slipped out. He was usually pretty blunt with Steve, but he still wasn’t quite sure if being small was a sore spot for the man or not..
The team packed up and headed to the Quinjet, arguing over what to eat for dinner. Steve summarized the mission and sat down quietly in the corner, letting everyone else craft their arguments for pizza vs Thai. Tony sat down next to him and placed his hand over Steve’s, slowly rubbing circles on his wrist with his thumb.
If it went well, he might surprise some others with a bucket of cold water. They would make a compilation. Hopefully, Bruce wouldn’t Hulk out. Actually, that might be cool. Hopefully he does Hulk out.
“Please” Steve whined hips thrusting into Bucky’s hands.
“Better toys. Better control. Better understanding.” Steve’s tone was casual.
“This is the Uggr Mirror, behind it lays the weapon that can control the monsters that have infested your world. In order to pass, you must conquer your innermost demon.” Thor explains for the second time, still not giving great detail about how or why this mirror is even a thing.
“Yes, sir” Tony teased. Steve could practically see him saluting with a smirk on his face. He smiled and shook his head, still amazed at how close all of them had gotten. They were practically a family at this point.
“Captain America vacated the Avengers Tower as of 6:03pm yesterday evening.”
It was too late. Despite being their leader, Captain America was nearly as reckless, if not more, than the rest of his team. He touched the metal contraption that had fallen from Doom when Iron Man apprehended him. Immediately, he pulled his hand back like he’d been burnt.
The content smile as Peter slipped into the warm water was enough to warm Tony up all on its own. They spent the next two hours exploring the many features of the spa and just cuddling as they watched the city.
“He’d probably pretend to dislike them at first, but eventually fall in love. You could definitely convince him: he’s so smitten he’d do anything you asked.”
He stayed up all night brainstorming, but nothing seemed good enough. Everything was too impersonal to make up for the emotional pain Tony had inflicted. Ever so often, he would get an idea and frantically work on it, but upon completion realize that it was tacky or stupid. The night turned to day and then back to night. He hadn’t eaten or slept in thirty hours when Steve finally came knocking, more like calling to JARVIS, on the lab door.
Request by Kittycatluver98:
“No...Don’t I have enough rooms for everyone?” Tony questioned “I could’ve sworn there was the exact number for everyone to get their own. I didn’t even hear people talking about doubling up.”
Tony was in shock when Steve asked him out. He never measured up to Captain America in his father’s eyes so he spent plenty of time hearing about how strong and kind and perfect the man was. He’d tried to hate him when he was first thawed, but it was impossible when everything he’d heard was completely true. He developed his own little crush, but swore he wouldn’t ever reveal it. If Tony was crushing on a straight man out of his league, who had to know?
“Hey, I’m serious. This is not your fault.”
Peter ignored him and declared that he was ready for everyone to see.
He’d wanted to leave everything alone and he ended up getting the brunt of the consequences for Tony’s stupid mistake.
“Sure.” Steve reached his arm toward the tool rack wall behind him.
That’s when he heard Steve’s gentle, loving voice. His heart wrenched when he realized the tone hadn’t been directed at him. Steve had clearly made this call by accident while he was off cheating with this ‘Charlie’ behind Tony’s back. The voice resonated throughout the otherwise silent room, surrounding him. Every word stung. Tony knew he should be furious, but his mind was filled with insecurities. “Of course I wasn’t good enough for Captain America.” He remembered all the times he left Steve to sleep alone as he tinkered in the lab, all the times Steve looked up at him with a disappointed expression because he had to leave for work, all the times he’d been to afraid to share his feelings and created misunderstandings. He was a hot, emotionally-constipated mess. Pepper knew it and now Steve knew it. Tony cried himself to sleep, but once he awoke, he ditched the pity party and gave in to rage.
“He’s pretty decent at playing.” Bucky agreed “We hung out there for a few nights and he made a bit of money. We used the francs to have a nice meal before going back to the front line.”
The full effect of Steve’s new condition hit Tony like a ton of bricks. Obviously, Tony knew the serum gave Steve superpowers that made him Captain America, but he’d still been thinking about the whole thing in a somewhat vain perspective. He’d considered that Steve might be insecure because of his shorter height and less muscular physique or that he might feel upset that he couldn’t fight villains anymore. He hadn’t considered the fact that Steve was changed internally. That deserumed Steve had to fight for his life on the daily. Steve was fragile.
Tony looked at his face fondly. God, he would do anything in the world to keep that smile on Steve’s face. The way his skin crinkled around his piercing blue eyes and his perfect teeth shone made the genius feel a warmth throughout his body. It was like the all the brightness in the room was focused on Steve. Everything else was blurred to the background.
Tony’s stomach sunk a little as he realized his shocked silence and getting lost in his train of thought must’ve been nerve-wracking for Steve. The man was by no means vain, but going from the embodiment of physical human perfection to the opposite of that would be enough to cast doubts in any man’s mind.
Bucky cut him off with a kiss. “You don’t make me feel scared. You make me feel safe.” He blushed a bit at Steve’s shocked expression. “Today I went to get a physical and I’ve just been antsy since then. You didn’t do anything. I’m sorry for jumping when you touched me. It’s weak.”
Tony accidentally pushes Steve away.
“Wouldn’t want it to go off during battle either.” Steve absentmindedly added.
“So why do they think I don’t believe in God?”
Bucky must’ve noticed Tony’s reaction because he leaned in and whispered in the scientist’s ear. Steve probably would’ve heard if not for being absorbed in his work. “Stevie’s owned plenty of those types of toys.”
He stretched his arm to offer Peter the blanket. “You look cold.”
“The one and only.”
Bucky wiggled his eyebrows at Steve, who closely studied the picture. Seeing Bucky’s clearly devious expression, the other three gathered around to see a photo of a baseball player in the sports section.
"You will either do so, or we will make it happen." Blue power started to circle around them and Tony's eyes widened.
“We have enough of those to write a book with,” Steve mumbled and Tony nodded. “Wait, is that place on fifteenth?” Tony grinned and nodded.
“Probably not the smartest idea to be around here, Hilda Mueller.” She smirked at him and nodded.
The ground rumbled and Mary looked around. Concrete started to move from in front of Pepper, something coming up. Correction, Obidiah Stane was breaking through the ground with his suit. He flung the concrete up and Mary ducked down to cover Peter. Mary saw out of the corner of her eye Pepper fall tot he ground, a smaller piece of concrete catching her in the temple. She was still alive, she could see the movement of her chest. Mary stood up, about to check on her, but was stopped by the giant of a machine.
"Something like that, yeah," he nodded. He wrapped a couple of cookies individually and set them aside. "I love him, which is something I never thought I'd be able to do. Love anyone, that is. Or rather, be with someone who loves me in return." Steve pulled out a couple of containers from a crowded cabinet. He was going to make sure that Tony added more cabinet space when they remodeled the floor. All the new things they added for Jamie alone filled the spaces to max, but when Steve started cooking with Tony, he had added containers for leftovers that Tony never had had before.
“And he’s going to be like this until the scepter is found?” Steve was sure he managed to keep the note of hysteria from his voice. “He can’t stay like this! What am I supposed to tell our kids??”
"Um, yeah, no!" Of course that was Stark. "He loves his hamm-" Thor swung his hand out, landing a solid, and damaging blow to Stark chest, sending him flying backwards.
“Look at you, jumping into a whole new war.” Tony let out a sigh. “Alright, but when you’re done, you’d better get back here and cuddle with me. That’s my demand for being hurt, and my demand for making me go out furniture shopping.”
"Adulting is hard." Which is apparently enough to make snort while taking a drink, but nothing coming out of his nose. Tony counts it as a win that he laughs after he's done coughing though. "We need to work on your humor receptors, because that wasn't that funny."
"I'm not holding a grudge." He walked by and stole a couple apple slices from her plate.
"Come on, Captain," she said to him, catching his attention again. "Let's get you to your new apartment, and I'll answer any questions I can. We're gonna take this slow." He nodded and followed her, but knew that he was eyeing every other agents, and probably taking stock of her as well. This was going to be fun.
“Cats can take care of themselves, and they make for great companions,” Tony argued.
"Bunk down," he barked out. "Go over reports, better this time. Jarvis will fill you in, and he'll help with what you need. And you're both to avoid this floor like it's filled with the plague."
Spouse: None
"It's okay, I'll always be here to remind you, Daddy." Peter hummed, taking his fork to eat some of the pieces of his waffle. "But, we can have pancakes tomorrow," Peter said after he swallowed his bite. Bruce and Steve glanced over at the boy. Tony didn't say anything, he looked like he hadn't even heard him.
“J, save and store files, I’ve got to go out, apparently.” Tony listened to his AI affirm his command as he headed for the exit.
"It's been an hour after lunch," Wade added in. Now that Steve looked at them, they were holding their hands behind their backs as well.
"Yeah?" Peter asked quietly, and Tony nodded. He leaned up a little to kiss his Daddy's cheek, then climbed down to the ground. Coulson took his hand and they walked out of the room, heading down the hall in an attempt to cheer Peter up.
"Shut up!" She had pulled the phone away, trying to mute the sounds of sniffling. "It's a very grand gesture, and I cry at anything!" She let out fond huff, and Steve could hear her smiling. "Thank you, Steve, really."
Steve had picked up in one of the many ebooks loaded on his phone, (and tablet), still on his mission to catch up with pop culture. By his count, Tony would be almost done with his first sessions, and since Tony hadn’t stormed out, he figured that it was going pretty well so far. Until Tony’s phone started to ring. Steve lifted it up, seeing Pepper’s picture on the phone, and frowned a little.
"He told me that he'd always look out for Peter, like we look out for him and his Mom." Tony hopped up on the counter, swinging his legs while Steve finished in the shower. "Said he'd make it up to him for all the help I was giving his Mom, and for watching him. I wasn't sure if I should be incredibly depressed that he wanted to put a value on help, or smile because it was super sweet."
"I know we always said that when this moment came, we'd figure it out together, and that hopefully it would be because Peter was graduating High School or College, and that it would be because I couldn't hold myself back from spoiling him with presents." Tony let out a little sigh. "I messed up, as per usual. But I'm working on, kind of fixing it. This is gonna suck, and it's gonna be hard, and I'm going to be apologizing to Peter for years to come..." He trailed off. "There is no but to that. The upside is hard to find in this one." Tony reached up to push a piece of hair off of forehead.
Tony shook his head, taking a step back, feeling like someone had clapped in front of his face. He frowned and looked at the woman as she studied him back. He heard a low keening noise behind him, from something large, and he turned around. Letting out a shout he stumbled backwards as a Chitauri Leviathan flew past him. When he turned back around he wasn't sure if he wanted to cry, or throw up. There they were, everyone he cared about, had pulled into his home, his life, they were there, dead, on some god forsaken rock in space.
“Oh, it’s totally a thing. Of course,” Tony pulled out and into traffic, “now I feel like I’ve overhyped these plans of mine.”
"It sound really creepy, and almost mad-scientist, when you keep saying 'while pregnant.'" Steve put his hands on his hips, looking at the two of them. They both whipped out the puppy eyes on him. "I am not easily swayed by those expressions."
Tony turned the corner and saw three men lift their rifles at him. He froze, both hands around the bundle in his arms. They walked towards him, obviously high enough up in the ranks to recognize that he shouldn't be killed on sight. Something flew between them, bounced off the stone wall, slammed into the helmet of one man, and back from the direction it came. Tony had never been so happy to see the blur of Captain America's shield. He was not thrilled when he saw a man in black jump down from the roof, land on top of one of the other soldiers, then turn and catch the last in the gut, throwing him from the building, with a metal arm.
"You know, Tony, we've been discussing some things," William started to say, causing Tony's eyebrow to raise. "Does the offer still stand?"
Tony stepped out of the door of the Stark Tower. He really should just make it official and name it Avengers Tower, seeing as he left the singular A up at the top. He saw the black town car pulling up to the curb, and smiled. Then everything froze. The others cars in the streets, the walkers on the sidewalk, even the sounds seemed to freeze. He frowned and turned around, still heading for the car. Something wasn't right.
The fabric inside the container moved, and as Tony moved closer there was a cold knot forming in his chest. A soft whimper caught his attention first, and when Tony was made to look inside, he saw a baby, with blonde hair and blue eyes, staring back up at him. Inside he slammed against the control of his body.
"Touche," Tony snorted a little, smiling as Mary put down a mug of coffee. He blinked when a little plastic fork with a few pieces of pancake on the end appeared from the side of his face. He glanced over and saw Peter holding it out to Tony, smiling with syrup already around his mouth, little splotches of blueberry on his lips
Steve blinked at Tony's words. Was the man really- "I'm sorry, did you say-"
"Not like I have anything else to spend it on, and it's not like I wouldn't hesitate to spend my entire fortune on Peter." Tony would give up his fortune for Peter, in fact. He leaned his head against Mary's shoulder when she started to run her fingers through his hair, and they sat there for a couple of minutes. "You're not done are you?" Mary hummed and shook her head no. "I'm going to be emotionally wrecked, aren't I?" She nodded.
Steve internally sighed a little as the screens went black. "He really grows on you, doesn't he?" Steve bit the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at the absurdity of Dr Banner's statement.
Steve probably should have rolled his eyes or snarked back, but some indescribable knot loosened in his chest, and Steve felt warm and content deep in his bones.
“Tony,” Dr. Odinson said gently, then making a show of crossing his legs and setting his pen down on his journal. “You were the one who wanted this appointment, were you not?”
Tony perched a respectful distance away on the bed. The concern in his voice caught Steve by surprise, and he quickly shook off his daydreams and shoved more of the duvet over his lap in an effort to give Tony his undivided and PG-rated attention.
“I’m okay, I promise,” Steve assured him, pausing long enough to take Tony’s hand in his and press a soft kiss into his palm. “I’ll be right back.”
So Steve had part one figured out. The rest of the plan was less clear.
Steve startled out of his reverie when he heard Clint’s voice from the general direction of the front door. He made his way back through the labyrinth hallways, through the sitting room, and found Clint still standing in the foyer.
—could break in.”
Tony whined under his breath and turned his face into Steve’s thigh in an effort to get away from his dad’s demand.
“Tony, are you there? Can you hear me? You’re not going to fail,” Steve raised his voice to say. “What’s happening, sweetheart? What happened?”
“Tell me about where we’re going?” Steve asked after a little while. Tony blinked up at him, unsure if he’d heard right. Steve hadn’t expressed much excitement over the more extravagant leg of their trip, and to hear him curious about it eased a knot of tension Tony that had been carrying with him since Steve first turned down the trip.
LJ58 HDJ. London plates.
“No.”
…” Steve said with an exaggerated sigh, but as predictable as ever, Tony responded to the silly references with a beaming smile and renewed excitement.
Did he look up YouTube clips from
Sharon recognized him with a soft gasp of surprise. She tried not to smile back. “James! Where on earth have you been? I’ve been searching London for you,” she said with an air of indignation. Before Steve could reply, she switched on the intercom speaker. “007 is here, sir.”
But if it wasn’t the misguided fear of being forgotten by a good friend in a new relationship, what was it? It wasn’t normal, and while this was the first time a close friend had been in a same-gender relationship, Steve knew without a shadow of a doubt that the gender didn’t matter. If Steve was sure of nothing else, he knew it didn’t matter that Tony was in a relationship with a man. Love is love is love; if Steve believed in nothing else, he believed that.
Tony climbed to his feet in a hurry and all but chased his husband out of the library, through a glimmering hall of mirrors, and up a spiral staircase shortcut through a closet to their bedroom. From there, Steve lifted him into his arms and carried him the rest of the way.
What Thoreau did in Walden Tony would do in his own home, and he had no intention of getting up until Steve came home.
“Steve… does anyone else live here?”
The audience’s laughter swelled into a roar of excitement and applause, and across the desk, Stephen looked moonstruck.
Another one attacks! Bruce,” he added emphatically, pausing for dramatic effect and to shovel more pancakes into his mouth. “Nobody should be that good without—magic, or, or professional training, maybe?”
kissed
Tony scoffed loudly. “You’re comparing
“Wait! Detective?” Tony called after him, and Steve spun on his heel to face him. “All this time… if I had seen it, would he—”
Clint and Tony slept better on their return trip with Stephanie than ever before, safe and comforted by the surreal protection of a slumbering dragon.
It was just enough of a distraction that Steve felt less anxious walking into the captain’s ambush meeting.
Steve purred in his pleasure and finally moved away. He gathered Tony’s ankles in one hand and held him fast in the same position as he pulled his cock free. It came away slick with his own come, and Steve watched with proprietary satisfaction as come continued to dribble out of Tony’s gaping ass. Steve drew his fingers through it, scraping it up over Tony’s skin to push it back into Tony's ass until he was finger-fucking his sloppy, stretched ass in earnest.
“Your comfort mechanism gives me vicarious joy-joy feelings, Steve Rogers. I will be sure to acquire a greater number and variety of yarn for you,” Tony promised with a smile of delighted pride. “Allow me to get ready, and I will return to collect you promptly.”
“Nothing would make me happier,” Steve assured him as calmly as he could. His fiance-to-be looked paler than normal, and Steve didn’t envy him the burden of proposing. It was important, and a memory they would cherish for decades to come. It would be second only to their wedding day, and Steve was doing his best to both soak it all in without being too obvious about the love and happiness trying to burst out of him with every breath.
When he shook his head no, Tony removed his fingers to let him explain.
Tony kissed him silent with a quick kiss. “I could not care less,” Tony assured him with a smile. “Should we ask for our coats again?”
There was a brief pause on the other line. “Yes,” Steve said in a cautious tone. “Was that not… did you not like them?”
“Yeah, baby, yours, only yours,” Tony promised him. “Feel your eyes on me, Steve… want a show, just for you?”
“Buck, come on. That’s enough. First, we live in Brooklyn:
“You—are you deaf?” Sitwell forced through gritted teeth. “I have told you before that it is impossible: Foster doesn’t want the publicity. She won’t do an interview, let alone on national daytime TV. Hell, she hasn’t done an interview in over a decade!”
“Babe?” he asked, intentionally gentling his tone so he wouldn’t sound as worried as he felt. “Tony, is something wrong? Did something happen?”
There was a brief moment of silent shock around them, but it was almost as easily shattered by laughter, wolf whistles, and thunderous applause.
“To keep one’s domicile even safer, yes, Steve Rogers,” Tony said as the doors to his home slide apart to allow them in. Tony gestured for Steve to walk in first. “Most other silver class transactions will only require your palm print.”
“Just last night,” Tony started with a little sniff for added pity, but Steve smacked him again.
“Hey, this isn’t urgent,” Tony promised. “I wanted to invite you to dinner, but I’ll let you go. I can leave the details in a voicemail.”
get a date, you don't know.”
“She said they took care of the aliens you saw in the wormhole,” Steve agreed when he got himself together, and he only needed a moment longer to guess what had happened. “Was it a lie? Tony, did you find evidence that Thanos is still out there? Did she lose the stones?”
persona.
“Tony! Where’s Lucy’s tracker?”
Tony waved him off and mustered a smile. “No need for apologies, Bruce Banner.”
He wouldn’t pull out of Tony until he was satisfied, but he’d still keep him shoved up against the ropes and exposed. Instead, Steve would kneel down to eat him out, cant Tony’s hips back and spread his cheeks wide, eating his own come out of Tony until Tony was a panting, whimpering, wheezing mess, and the ropes were pretty much the only thing keeping him upright anymore. After countless months of being haunted by the look in Tony's eyes from their one moment of intimacy, of wanting him but never finding him, Steve wouldn't want to stop. If they stopped, Tony might never come back. This could be their last time all over again. So Steve would throw an arm across Tony's hips to anchor him in place against the ropes, first to straight up rim him, then eventually press his fingers in, too, spreading Tony further for his tongue and mouth or to massage his prostate, forcing an orgasm out of Tony at last.
“No, we’ve got back-up questions,” Karl assured him. “If you get this right, we’ll bring out two puppies and move on to the next question.”
“Pasteis de nata.”
“No, sir.”
Tony blinked wildly in his sudden embarrassment. “I, uh. Presumably, yes, Steve Rogers. But I assure you, Jason Statham’s outward appearance does not do you justice. Neither does his voice. However, his fighting skills are exceptional, and, I suspect, why he was selected to portray you.”
“They got a warrant, Stark. It was either the computers or giving you and Rogers up to be questioned. And since neither of you are dumb enough to leave any sources or sensitive data on your computers,” he said more slowly, daring Tony to correct him. “I gave them the computers.”
“And then you went to Frankfurt.”
Bucky this isn’t funny.
“Bond, perimeter secure. We’ll take it from here,” a gruff voice reported while Tony’s world spun out of control, and Steve was quickly hustled away so paramedics could attend to Tony.
Steve shook his head slowly, but he ducked out of his closet long enough to give Tony a quick peck on the lips before resuming packing.
“Hang on, I did something with that,” Steve said and hurried back to his desk to dig through his binder dedicated to the case. He flipped through the pages until he got to the photocopy of the letter in question, and turned it over to read the report. “Alright: I put Barton on that one, and he found that the guy moved to Ohio in 2011 and died in a bus accident there two years ago.”
She seemed too casual about the whole thing, and it left Steve on edge. Still, he mustered a smile and quietly said, “Thank you, Professor. But I assure you, my personal relationship has no impact on my work, I’m no less invested in representing Mrs. Hansen’s case.”
“No, Tony, I don’t think—no, I can’t lie like that, Tony. Makes me feel... squirmy? No, I’m, I’m good, it’s not for me.”
Steve glanced around them anxiously, crouching even lower to make sure nobody could see him from the door or through the lone little window of Clint’s cell.
Whoever had done the research on this human had done his or her job well: the target was clearly single. Steve removed one hand briefly to rub his fingers together, activating the lubrication of his right glove and letting it work a little more than usual. Five minutes added in prep, and hopefully that would be enough to get the canister in and the job done. The kid was young, he’d come faster than a speeding bullet. If his refractory period was just as quick, Steve would most likely had no trouble making up the added time lost to prep.
Add comment
“You’ve done what to my meat?” Bucky asked at the same time as Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and, resigned to his fate, muttered, “
“Mom, I was cutting tomatoes! It’s a small cut—”
Unlike most modern First Couples, they didn’t have children to think about. For them, family time wasn’t the most sensible way to structure their days - Tony didn’t try to be home by six-thirty for family dinner, and Steve could devote himself heart and soul to his endeavors without having to raise any children on the side. He wasn’t the busiest or most powerful First Spouse in history (that probably went to the
“No, Steve! I didn’t think, okay? Is that what you want to hear?” Tony snapped, drawing the attention of a couple a few feet away from them. Steve glared at their curious looks, and they quickly remembered to mind their own business.
Tony spun on his heel and dashed back to his room. There was no way he’d fall asleep again, but if he was lucky, he’d be able to squeeze a workout in before six. He wasn’t going to give Steve a single excuse to consider another man, not on his watch.
Tony looked amazing in the stills from the Graham Norton interview where he and Channing promoted
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony asked in a shrill voice, leaning away from Steve as if his suggestion was offensive. “Are you embarrassed by me, Steve?”
Orfeo trailed off in silence, not unlike a man struggling to find his way through a haze. Tony watched him patiently, avoiding glancing at distractions like his watch or his phone while he gave Orfeo time to clear his thoughts.
“As far as I’m concerned, we still are,” he growled, but in difference to Tony who only seemed tickled by the childish mockery of a marriage certificate, Steve felt increasingly unsettled.
“I know you wouldn’t,” Tony promised, but Steve didn’t look convinced.
Steve breached him slowly, and in his sleep-addled mind, Tony could have sworn it went on forever, filling Tony’s body until he scarcely had space left to breathe. He could feel his eyes rolling back into his head as consciousness faded into intangible pleasure and the mounting desire coiling deep within his body. A warm suction pulled on Tony’s nipple until it stung with pleasure, and with every leisurely, full-length thrusts, Steve further asserted his claim. If he had an ounce of strength left in his body, Tony would have latched on and urged Steve to put all his power into it, to core Tony’s body out in a way that no other man could satisfy.
"And was it easy for Mr Fitzpatrick when he came back home? Did he fall back into a normal civilian routine?" Rachel looked at Steve, looking like she was going to refute his words, then her expression changed with understanding. "I don't know what Tony saw when he got rid of the missile, but he did not come back unscathed. All people deal with their stress and fears in different ways, and I'm not sure how it works with Tony, but he needs support as well. He's used to having Mary around to help him with parenting, and going to her for help. Tony was right, it wasn't his fault what happened to Mary, but we did catch the one that was responsible, and now we just have to wait for her to wake up. Take care of her, and Peter, that's all that we can ask you and your husband to do. We'll do the rest."
“That would explain why things kept coming out of nowhere to slam into the Tower, and then disappearing just as fast.”
"Clint took a team after we saw a new building pop up," Mary told him. "Got luckier than last time, caught a scientist who actually had something on him."
“Happy Birthday, Mr Steve!” Peter grinned up at him as Steve hugged him back. ”Are we gonna watch the fireworks for your birthday?”
"Tony!" He often heard that tone when he bought Peter something that she didn't actually need, and she knew that it was overpriced. "I only mentioned once that I was thinking I might move when my lease was up, not that I was going to move."
"Our son shall be a nerd, and it shall be glorious." Tony put his mug on the table and held out his arms. "Petey, come to your fabulous Daddy." Peter smiled and ran over, jumping up into Tony's lap. Tony smiled, arm wrapped around Peter's waist. "By the way, we have assigned seating," he said looking at Clint.
"Mr Stark, I had wondered when you might be joining us," the German accent flowed.
"Jarvis says that Daddy can't bake," Peter said like it didn't mean a thing. Tony willed his cheeks not to turn red.
"I'm proud that you're learning about my aversion to actual medical professionals," Tony teased. "Help me up, Cap. Then I wanna hear how your mission went."
"See! Horrible!" Tony looked at his reflection, eyes still red, but not as puffy. He could hide it, but he knew that William and Rachel wouldn't call him out on it either. "Why do I put up with you?"
"I made the argument, and Director Fury agreed, that you would probably be the best option." Coulson continued on.
“Mary must be cooking them,” Tony said with a grin. “I’m glad I stocked up on pancake ingredients yesterday.”
. Steve found it vaguely annoying. "I'm sorry, that's actually him." She pulled out a sleek black device, the screen lighting up for a short time as she tapped her thumb across the screen, then put it back in her pocket.
"Can you teach me to draw like that, Mr Steve??" Peter asked, turning in Tony's arm to look at him. "That's really good, I wanna be as good as you!"
"Yeah," Tony gave a little shrug, looking at the father. "Not exactly what I wanted to be happening right now. How are your girls holding up?"
"Awesome," Tony nodded. That's really all I needed to know-"
"If it's collecting energy while powering itself, then I wouldn't want us touching it either," Tony said as he pushed back a third car. His sensors alerted him to the barrier growing another foot. "We'll have another power sustaining device on our hands, and I could think of several horrible ways to use it all. Specially if the energy can be converted."
"I think you've been spending too much time around Meg since she came here," Tony accused.
“Mary gave Jarvis her recipe, so when Pepper, or Rhodey, or even Happy, are around they help make the batter.” Tony took a long drag of coffee. It was early, Peter having woken them up, with the exception of Steve. Steve had already been up and out for a morning run. He was the one who had started the pot of coffee that Tony was drinking from. (With some help from Jarvis on how to get the new machine started.) “And lately Mary’s parents, or Agent have been helping cook. He’s actually a pretty decent cook, by the way.”
"I can't tell you what happened there," Tony said as he glanced up a little. "I didn't even know that I was in the water at the time. I was,.... I was somewhere else entirely." Steve nodded, letting him have his time to reorganize his thoughts. Tony opened his mouth to speak, then shut it again. "At night, when I try to sleep, the lights go out and that's when it starts. Even as a kid I was never afraid of the dark, but here I am, almost thirty-five, and the dark is enough to start to send me into an attack." Tony knew that these nightmares were the most frequent, were the ones that he should be telling someone about. Steve was right, what if he was taking a nap and Peter came to wake him up? Tony would never be able to forgive himself if he hurt his son.
“I’m sorry that I don’t look as grey as some of my other colleagues.” She never lost her pleasant smile, or looked away from Tony. “Would you feel more comfortable with an older gentleman?”
Steve side-eyed him a little as he pulled off the gloves, then the boots and shoved them into a locker. “Do I have time to stick my sweaty body under some water?”
"They read through some of the reports and information we've collected since SHIELD fell," Steve started to explain, finishing with the preparations of the lasagna in front of him, and put it in the oven. "Apparently what they got from some of it was that Bucky and Meg were currently part of Hydra, and didn't know that they would be here in the Tower." Tony raised both his eyebrows. "They may have tried to attack them...." He saw Tony's hand grip his own arms, and his jaw twitched as it tightened.
"You should have left your armor on for that," Loki said with a smirk.
Tony blinked slightly. "Barton is in charge of living creatures?" Coulson nodded. "That's almost as absurd as me being allowed to be a father." Coulson smirked, but didn't deny it.
“Eeveeee,” Vee trilled out happily, her tail sashaying. She hopped up and over to the others, talking to them. Morgan was the first one to approach Steve, a little warily, and Steve got down to one knee.
Tony turned his head, raising both eyebrows at Steve, hoses still turned on the two boys who were too much fun. "And if I refuse, Cap?" He saw the amused glint in Steve's eyes.
On with the show!
"You can tell them not to worry about it," Bucky said after a couple moments silence. The others looked at him. "He won't be sending anyone else."
"Thank you, Jarvis." Steve looked down the hall where Tony had disappeared, then went to check on Peter, just peeking his head in the doorway, then looked in on Mary, before finally retreating to the room Tony had given him.
"Wow," Mary smirked at him. "That almost sounds like jealousy." Tony scowled at her. "I said almost. Maybe you need to find your own guy." Tony sputtered a little and Mary's smirk turned shark-like. "Oh, please, I've slept with you, and I raise a child with you. I know you aren't shy about your sexuality."
With one of the options, Tony was going to be taking a risk, and not just with his safety, which he wasn't concerned about as much. He was Iron Man, his suit would protect him. If there was a chance that it could go bad quick, he couldn't chance it, but Tony didn't have much of a choice.
"No, I said don't go overboard with Christmas," Mary deflected his fast paced rambling. "Although, no, he still has not forgiven strawberries."
"Why do you think I asked you to add thermal heat to my winter clothes?" Steve asked, happily keeping his arms around Tony. "Come on, let's go inside. I'm sure Meg's got some coffee and hot cocoa ready."
"Are you gonna come swimming with us, Daddy?" Peter asked, both boys looking up at him with brown eyes shining.
“It’s never going to be a good time to talk about what we need, too,” Strange countered.
(Lovelies in the comments have talked me into this surprise. I love it, seriously guys. :D)
"Steve Rogers, Miss Potts," he answered.
"That's a messed up family business." That was his Daddy's voice. "I'll take my family business over that one. They get hurt too often."
"Be careful, yeah? I know what kind of missions SHIELD would give to you and Romanoff," Tony said seriously. "I'll keep your room warm for you." Steve smiled and nodded, leaving the workshop. Tony waited approximately three minutes before calling for Jarvis. "Get me the specs of his mission."
"It said something new," Tony told him. "Something it never said before, something my mind couldn't have put together on its own. I don't sleep, because if I sleep, I feel like, they might actually find me."
"Mmmm," Tony hummed with a little smile. "About time. She's been at the hospital for over a day. How are little Anthony and Stephanie?" Steve snorted a little. "I assume that we get naming rights."
"It is imperative that he not move," Thor growled out, his glare still focused on Loki. "There are latches at either side that will need to be pressed carefully, and slowly removed. If it is done too quickly the skin will tear."
"More like you don't let me let it get out of hand," Tony corrected, a small smile on his lips.
Stane put something heavy over the top of his reactor. "But, you see," Tony felt the device start to heat up, gears working on something, "it was just fate that you survived that." Tony gasped at the slight pop, the feeling of the arc reactor being shifted until something had grabbed onto the edges. No, not the arc reactor. He couldn't save Peter if Stane took that from him. Stane twisted the device gently, and slowly pulled out the arc reactor from his chest. "You had one last golden egg to give."
There was a knock at the connecting door in their hotel room, and Steve could hear Rachel telling them they had to change clothes. "We gotta get ready now, Mr Steve. We're going to get some dinner, and we're gonna be eating with Winnie the Pooh." Wade was already scrambling off the bed, but Peter sat up. "Tell Daddy I said Hi, and that I miss him. I miss you, too."
“Train wreck?” Tony jumped, almost falling out of his chair when Steve spoke behind him. Rhodey started laughing harder.
"Which doesn't make it a bad thing," Rhodey interjected.
When Tony left the room Steve followed him. He knew where he was going, of course he did. Tony stepped into the room that previously held Loki's cell, the room where Phil Coulson's blood was on the wall, probably the last room that Peter was in before Loki kidnapped him.
“I know!” Tony grinned at her. “I am very benevolent.”
"I know, buddy, but that'll stop soon," Tony said quietly. The rest of the house dissolved, and it was just Tony and his son, safe in his arms. Safe this time. He promised he would keep Peter safe, decided that not telling the press, not making him, or Mary, a face to any of his enemies, business or otherwise. But this had happened in his own home. He had been holding onto Peter, and he had frozen, he couldn't do anything. Tony vowed that would never happen again, he would never freeze, never be the reason he couldn't help Peter. If he had too, he would put Peter in a suit of-
"So you want me to get near it?" Steve wasn't sure if Tony was serious or not.
On a side note, I've finished a rough outline for the rest of this story. Good news, Bad news. This story is probably at least half way done now, but there's going to be a part three. I fully intend on following Peter into his adventures as Spider-Man, because how is Tony Stark going to handle a teenager, a teenage superhero no less?!
“Buck, are you alright?” He laid a hand on his shoulder. Bucky jumped at that and Steve put his hands up and took a few steps back. “I’m sorry. Did I do something?” Bucky shook his head, but held out his hand to gestured that he needed a minute. Steve moved further away from him and sat down on the floor. He was hoping that his criss cross position might ease Bucky’s mind again. He put his head in his hands. What did he do to scare his boyfriend like that? There had to be something before today that made Bucky think he was dangerous. It broke Steve’s heart to think that the pain on Bucky’s face could be because of him. Even if there was a deeper trauma, he was the one who had brought it up.
Steve flashed a weak smile toward Peter. “I heard you had a bit of an argument from JARVIS. Do you want to tell me about it?” The super solider sat down on the bed next to where Peter was doing homework on his laptop.
Bucky grinned and made his way over to the photos and drawings of him.
It was an honor to be chosen, but he couldn’t help but wonder if some other, more deserving service member had been scheduled. It wasn’t his fault Doom had appeared in the middle of the event and he’d had to leave the WW2 ceremony he was at to come and fight at this one. Luckily, it was a very easy fight and no one was hurt.
“M’fine.”
“Wait? You can’t just leave us. What do you mean impolite? If you’re dating someone, I think your team slash closest friends should know.”
“I thought you didn’t like cards Mr. Stark?”
“Why didn’t he say the words ‘under God’ than?”
“Charlie was Stevie’s friend.” Bucky answered suggestively “I think they have a name these days. They were...” Bucky trailed off in thought before snapping and lifting his head up “Friends with Benefits!”
“So you’re going to stand in the way of providing resources to a nonprofit researching for a cure to a horrible disease?” Tony challenged him.
“How do you think Tony would feel about pets in the tower?”
“Still no idea what it is that’s attacking, but it’s definitely an attack.” He frowned and hovered by the floor, away from the impact sight, and he could see the others reaching the floor. “Whatever’s happening, the objects get bigger each time, but they’re not landing on the ground.”
“Um…okay,” Steve responded.
He thought about the way Tony felt against him. The way Tony smiled. The way Tony’s mouth tasted under his.
“I love you,” Tony whispered urgently. “Love you so much, Steve,” he said, letting his hands fall to Steve’s neck to tug their foreheads together.
“Mr. Stark?” the woman said with a confused frown. “What are you--”
“A soldier who doesn’t like weapons?  Right,” Tony said scornfully.  “Well, news flash, Howard can’t wait to tell the Board he finally has an Alpha to pass the company on to, so Rogers is in the weapons business whether he likes it or not.”
“I know.  I like it,” Kirk replied and nudged his nose against Steve’s, finding Steve’s mouth again.
“How about, um, now?  If you want. I could—I could, ah, do that for you now,” Steve stammered.
“Carl Estes is the VP of Development. He’s the guy we’ll be meeting,” Pepper told them as they pulled away from the curb.  “It’s a small firm, maybe thirty million in venture cap, but they’ve targeted the military market for their more advanced prosthetics, and have at least one R&D contract with the Army, though no orders on anything yet.  Closely held by a few shareholders and an investment group out of San Diego, but from what I can tell, not profitable yet. Reading between the lines, I think they got the R&D thing mostly because Stern’s on the appropriations committee and this is his seat, so it looked good for him, but there are at least four other firms doing similar work who have exhibited at the trade shows just in the past year, one with a neural interface prototype.”
Steve had stopped.
“You like it?” Steve asked, hesitation dogging his voice.
“Sometimes.  Sometimes, I draw you,” Steve replied.  “You’re very…expressive.”
“There are, of course, certain laws that apply to all slaves,” Tony said, slowly, gaze flicking away from Steve for a moment. “Most are nothing for you to worry over.  What would you steal, after all?  I doubt you’d strike me, unless, of course I asked it of you,” Tony mused, pursing his lips as if in consideration.
“I heard there was an issue down in the gym,” Coulson said.
” he started, then broke off into a cough. He pulled out his rag and caught most of it, dark and gritty like dirt.  Gravedirt, Steve thought, looking up at Tony.  He reached a frail hand out, holding Tony’s cheek.  “Come to me.  Come to me, Tony.  Please. I say yes. Is that what you need to hear? Then yes. I say yes.”
with him slammed shut some kind of door in his mind that he just steadfastly refused to open.
Tony sighed in obvious frustration and ran a hand through his hair, leaving it in even more disarray than Steve’s grip on it had. He was nodding to himself, hands on his hips, like he was having an internal debate. When he finally looked at Steve, there was a small smile playing on his lips, and Steve half expected him to tell Clint to go tend the horses or some such, but Tony just picked up Steve’s hand and tugged.  “Come.  Let’s return to camp and see if we can’t get a bit more sleep before Rhodey has us up at some ridiculous hour,” Tony muttered.
“But you are not sure I will not change my mind?” Tony finished for him, tone gentling.  “You still believe I am so capricious? These past months with you…they have been the happiest of my life.   I—the idea that this could be my life…I never expected this.  Never dared hope for it.  It pains me to hear you worry about a future that I cannot wait to behold. How can you think I would ever let this go?  Steve…you are my greatest joy.  Now.
Brock looked nonplussed for a moment, then nodded.  “Guess this is it.”
“Tony,” Tony said again.  “Only my mom calls me Anthony.  I hate it.”
Tony winced, mouth flattening into a thin line.  “Ah.  You’ve met Barnes, then.  Still has the same charming personality, I see.”
“So. Okay, so great. We're okay. We-we are okay, right?” Tony asked again, going stiff with the wave of jittery concern that washed through him. “Steve, we—I mean, I know its soon, God. Okay, that was a lot—Jesus, I'm still—I don't. I don't know what I'm saying, but...I mean, we can. We can. What we had before, we can—look, come back to the Tower tonight. We'll, I don't know, talk. Crazy concept, but it could happen. You can meet Pepper for real, without the awkward part where she wants to use her shoe as a weapon. We'll, just, you know. Just, be together. Hang out. Catch up. I'll order in. You still steak and potatoes? I'm saying...I'm saying, you know, we'll just...just...why, ah, why isn't there, like, rising music and relieved, but enthusiastic make-up kissing happening?” Tony asked in a disgruntled tone, looking up at Steve.
what he tried to make you, Tony.  You’re not going to be that now,” Steve said.
Steve, for fuck’s sake.  The guy who said swell and oops.  Saying these things.  Tony’s mind sputtered and ground to a halt, the way those cartoon characters Steve liked so much dug their feet into the road until it curled up in a heap in front of them.  “Alpha,” Tony burst out, his voice thread with need. “Please.  Please, I need—Please! Steve. Steeeeeve.  Alpha,
“You, though?  You were looking?” Tony demanded, then reached up and tugged on the front of Steve’s shirt until he got him to turn towards him.  “You were looking for me,” Tony said, eyes narrowing as he honed in on the slight flinch at the corner of Steve’s eyes.  “You were!” he repeated, shock pulling his eyes wide.
“Ah, hi,” the man said, worrying at the corner of his bottom lip with his teeth for a moment as he studied Tony, wide-eyed and almost rearing back inside the doorway as if he should be sheltering in place or something. The man seemed to catch himself at the nervous gesture and swiped over the reddened lip with his tongue. Tony watched the motion with undisguised interest, stifling a groan as he felt his cock happily trying to explain how much it liked art. “So, ah…wow. Okay. Um, you’re here—I can’t believe he actually did this. Just because he thinks I--” the man stuttered, looking at Tony again quickly before looking, well, literally anywhere else. Tony was fairly sure the wall behind him couldn’t be that interesting. “I’m gonna kill ‘im, I swear to God,” the man muttered under his breath. “Look, um…” the man started, scrunching up his face as he was trying to decide on words.
“He’s an idiot,” Skinny Steve said, then bent his head sucked the length of Tony’s cock down his throat and moaned, giving Tony’s balls a hard tug for good measure.
He finally got around to going through the rest of the items, which didn’t amount to much, though his mom had also sent along a some oils he was supposed to put places that he didn’t want to think about.  There were some photos, though, and a few of his old toys, which he knew had come from Jarvis, so he tucked those in a slim cardboard box under his bed.  His father sent proposed new contracts for something he wanted to sell SHIELD.  Tony roasted marshmallows over them out on the deck while he looked at the stars.
“How did you even get around the parental controls to find me?  Anyway, you could, but you don’t,” Kirk said.  “You have what you think of as your ‘good clothes’ hanging up over there on the back of the bathroom door.  Two all black suits, which you alternate for work.  They’re the only ones that you bothered to iron. Which leaves…two plaid shirts, a corduroy jacket and three pairs of khakis stacked up on your dresser along with assorted t-shirts and your winter coat, one of those Southface things they sell out of the back of an old minivan down near Chinatown.  Yeah, you’re single.  How are you single?  Have you seen you? Though, you’re obviously friendless and emotionally stunted.  I’d still fuck you, though. Not really one to judge on those things.”
“Howard, no.  He’s nervous.  Can’t you see that?  Leave him be,” Maria scolded.  “Anthony, don’t antagonize your father.”
“I’ll go,” he said, turning to leave.
“Don’t get your hopes up. They aren’t like your Metropolis chick.  Trust me, these aren’t the droids you’re looking for. Probably end up donating them to a city college for parts or something,” Tony said quickly, waving a hand with a piece of bacon in front of his face before looking down at his fast-disappearing plate of food.  He risked a glance up at Steve, who had his head tilted slightly to the side, a soft slant to his eyes that made something thump in Tony’s chest.
of a grip,” Stane said, withdrawing his hand and giving his limp wrist a slight shake and staring at Steve with a shrewd, narrow-eyed gaze.   “Well, I should let you two get inside,” Stane said after a moment. “Secretary Pierce will cancel our contracts if I monopolize you.”
Seemingly dissatisfied with whatever it was he was seeing on the screen, the alien stopped what he was doing and looked down at Tony with a frown, then put his hands on his hips in such a human-like gesture of consternation that Tony wanted to laugh.
“Everyone’s for sale,” Stark replied with a slight sigh that sounded almost sad, stepping towards him so that he stood just outside the pool of light from the balcony’s single bulb. He spread out his hands, an open gesture that seemed almost like a surrender.  “It’s just about how much it will cost.”
“Alright, so, let’s hear it,” Tony said, munching on a fry he had plucked from Steve’s plate.
“Good save.  Very smooth,” Clint smirked.  “Though, to be fair—“
Steve made a frustrated sound in the back of his throat and turned to face Tony in the bed.
“Oh, God, you named it?” Rhodey groaned.  “You two were so pathetic.”
It wouldn’t though, a small voice said from the back of his head.  This, he could do.  He knew he could, the way the LIGO data made sense, the way equations seemed to solve themselves.  He knew it in his bones.  He could do this.
“Are you truly going in there, lad?” Peran asked dubiously as they made their way down into the pit.  “You can stay out here, you know. If I’m not wrong, Josiah wouldn’t mind joining you,” he harrumphed a bit, looking over at his fellow guard, who did look a little pale, Steve noted.
,” Steve informed him, not that Tony cared, except that apparently, Steve hadn’t eaten, which was bad because Steve hadn’t eaten and that was bad because Tony was pretty sure that they weren’t going to have sex until Steve got to eat.  And also, because eating was important, sustenance, blah, blah, whatever.  “Tell you what.  I’ll go grab some leftovers from the kitchen and we’ll picnic in bed.  How does that sound?”
Okay, that wasn’t fair, either.  He couldn’t put this on Tony. Tony already put too much on himself, and it wasn’t like Tony had done anything wrong, no matter what he thought.  Steve was an adult, he made his own decisions. All Tony did was make an offer.  It was hardly Tony’s fault that Steve was...confused. Tony was...he was wonderful and caring and--and anyone would be lucky to be with him. He certainly didn’t need to be doing this kind of thing if he craved companionship or...whatever his reasons were.  He could just...meet someone.  Do this with them.
“Okay,” Steve said softly.  “I’m glad you had someone like that.  We could invite him up to the cabin, if you wanted.  I’ll bet he’d love to see your garage.”
was here again. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.
“Lord Hammer.  The King, our King—you may have noticed his banners flying over the city or perhaps caught a peek of his crest on the armor of his guards you’ve seen walking up and down the hall outside?  Well, the King is difficult to please in the best of times, not for lack of trying on my part, I assure you,” Zola muttered, taking a deep breath.  “Half the time, he ignores who I send and, on at least a dozen occasions, I am nearly completely certain he was so consumed by whatever it was he was doing that he did not realize they were there.  Do you know how many times the King has asked me for a specific concubine?  Not once.  In his life, Lord Hammer.  Until this evening.  When he told me to bring fetch this one,” Zola said.  “So, no.  I will not tell the King to
Steve started for the little boat, where he thought Shellhead might be lurking, then stopped, turned, and bent down to pick up the shell and then, almost as an afterthought, the silver cup with its fancy crest of an armored knight over the Stark Trading Company logo.  Clutching one in each hand, he made his way for the
“Just thought I’d spend a little time at the gym,” Steve replied, forcing his tone to approach even.
“Well, open it, come on,” Stane encouraged.  “When’d he get all quiet?” Stane asked the room, looking over his shoulder.  “Used to be you couldn’t shut him up.”
“It’s too soon for me to knot. We should wait,” Tony said automatically. They really should wait. That was the sensible thing to do, no question about it. He didn’t want to tire himself out too quickly, and it was entirely too soon to knot. Hell, even Steve’s body could only handle so much, and they had a long way to go. Definitely best to wait. No reason to rush into things.
“Rumlow?  Who the hell gave Rumlow permission to open up again?” Tony demanded.  “
“Ahem,” Rhodey coughed, clearing his throat and catching Tony’s attention.  “So.  Admittedly, you two going at it like a couple of seals fighting over a grape while we’re kinda busting out of prison is not without a certain air of inevitability, can we please leave?”
“How do you feel?” Tony asked, dragging the soapy sponge over Steve’s back.  The lather smelled like lavender, Steve noted, remembering the sprigs that his mother would sometimes pick and hang over her bed or stuff into the mattress to combat the smell of the hay as it dried out.
“Ungh,” Steve managed, but he shifted one knee up towards his chest, offering Tony better access. Tony looked down at Steve’s puckered rim where it gaped open and winced in sympathy as another full-body shudder shook through Steve and a fresh burst of fluid leaked out of his hole. “Alpha,” Steve murmured, voice slow and thick like the word stuck in his throat.
Steve shook the thoughts that plagued him from his mind and stepped onto the leather-hide covered mat filled with what felt like sand under his feet.  He looked over at Tony with a challenge in his eye, undid his robe and tossed it to one side.
“Or to enjoy breaking them, when they can’t be trained,” the man said, exchanging a knowing look with Rumlow.  “Yes, well, I believe that could be accommodated as well, should it be necessary.”
“Stories?” Steve asked.
“Indeed,” Lord Rand replied.  “The Highcastle’s lift system is quite safe, I assure you.  It has been around in one form or another since the first of us arrived here.”
“You like me when I lay around talking, you should see what else I can do with my mouth,” Kirk replied in a low, husky voice, then leaned his head down and nudged his lips across Steve’s, rocking his hips a bit as he did.  Kirk caught Steve’s groan on his mouth, kissing him hard all of a sudden, sending a shock of heat through Steve’s belly and cock.
Steve let out a shaky breath and got his hands underneath himself, pushing himself up off the table.  His legs trembled. His stomach felt watery.  What little food he’d eaten curdled, and he tasted bile in the back of his throat.  He swallowed it back and turned around to face them.  He wasn’t going to give them that kind of satisfaction, though he supposed there wasn’t really any victory to be had here anymore.  He glanced over at the boy.  Cam.  He was looking away from Steve, arms wrapped around his stomach.  He was rocking back and forth a little where he stood.  Steve shut his eyes for a moment, then opened them again and stared straight ahead.
“They’ll try to bait you. Don’t let them,” Pepper warned.  “Stick to your cards. Let Tony do the rest.”
“Alright, well, I’ll follow up with Mr. Stane and get back to you.  Tell Steve I said hello.  Bye, Tony,” Pepper finished, disconnecting the call.
“Good, good,” Zola muttered.  “I trust you will remark upon that to His Highness.  Perhaps tonight?”
It was perfect.  And it would work. He knew it in his bones.
It dawned on him with a sort of slow-moving humiliation burning through him that the man wasn’t going to signal him.  That even though the man clearly was in need and Anto was the only Omega available, he still didn’t want Anto. He would rather deny himself than take Anto.  Even a Clan Alpha, if his need was great enough and there wasn’t anyone else, would use Anto if he had to, but the man must find him so repulsive that he would prefer to suffer through his need than give his signal.  Big, ugly, stupid, Anto’s head chanted to him. Even a man of the Others didn’t want him, even when he was the only Omega available. The man would rather ignore his need than take Anto. There was clearly something wrong with him.  He had known it his whole life, but to have it made so plain for him…he must be truly revolting, not just to Clan, but to anyone.
Steve walked in the room and stood there by the door as Tony closed it, waiting.  He wasn’t even sure what he was waiting
“Control, you see?” Tony said, pursing his lips a bit as he regarded Steve. He reached out and tucked his thumb against Steve’s bottom lip, using the pressure to angle Steve’s head just slightly to the right. He slid his thumb into Steve’s mouth, pressing it against the flat of Steve’s tongue and probing at the ring of leather-clad metal holding Steve’s mouth agape. “An important lesson for you, I think,” he added with a shrewd smile. “You remember to drop the rock if it becomes too much for you?”
“She calls me. Want to know how many calls I have today?” Rhodey demanded.
something.  Someone.  “I was just, ah. Remembering,” Tony told him, dipping his head with a sigh as Steve’s arms came around each side of him, hands splaying across Tony’s stomach until the tips were just under the reactor.  “Every time we come here, it’s like…all these memories just hit, you know?”
“He’s
“Always do,” Tony smiled and shoved a pair of sunglasses from his pocket onto his face, shielding his eyes.
“Don’t worry, I’ll spot you,” Brock offered. “How much you need?”
What in the world? That was….that was.  Oh.
“Unh-uh,” Tony warned, a hard bite to his voice.  “Who does this belong to?”
“Pararescue,” Steve told Tony.  “He did two tours, lost his wingman.  Riley. Now he works for the VA, helping guys like me and Buck navigate the system.  He’d be good, if you’re serious.”
“Well, I see what you are saying, but I think the public would like…” Deirdre started.
“You also use SI’s lobbying arm to push for better water regulations.  I’m saying…no one knows how much of a softie you are, Tony Stark,” Steve grinned.  “Fish,” Steve said with an exaggerated sigh.  “I was going to eat those.”
“About that,” Tony began.
Tony’s hand moved from the back of Steve’s head to the column of Steve’s throat, and then Tony’s cock was jerking in his mouth, hitting the back of Steve’s throat and coating it with warm jets of come.   Tony’s hand held fast against Steve’s throat, pressing lightly so he could feel the shape of his own cock held inside Steve’s throat as it pumped through the aftershocks, thrusting hard down into Steve's throat.  Steve felt his own cock responding as his throat worked convulsively around Tony's cock, trying to swallow the jets of come coating the back of his throat.  His hips jerked as the orgasm that had been building all morning slammed into him.  He sucked hard at Tony's cock when Tony pulled back a bit, trying to keep him deeper, earning a pleased growl from his Alpha.
It took Tony a long beat of staring at Natasha’s hand where it rhythmically compressed the bag to realize, to understand or to let the understanding sink in, anyway.  Natasha was breathing for him.  Natasha was breathing for Steve. Steve wasn’t breathing.  These were facts that flowed through Tony’s head, but it was like they had nothing of truth connected to them.  It just was.  Those things existed.  It was right there in front of him.  But for the space of time it took Bruce toget the needle into Steve’s vein and Clint to get the engines going, Tony’s mind went completely blank.
“Oh, my God,” Tony wheezed.
“Please, Tony, please,” Steve begged, stretching out each word into a plea.  “I can’t.  Please, I need you, please!”
of the man’s demeanor made it seem more real. “Um. How long…”
Oh. Coffee.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mostly just wanted to have sex with you, but now you’ve gone and made me like you for your personality.  I feel dirty,” Tony teased, making Steve huff out a surprised bark of laughter.
“My concubine finds himself rather amusing this morning, I think,” Tony grinned and wrapped his hand around Steve’s cock again, stroking lazily, thrusting his hips up as he did so his own cock rutted through the springy hairs at Steve’s groin.
He did.  Sure, it took a bit. The graduate students and the few postdocs who were working that evening had clearly been gathered at the Professor’s behest thinking they were putting on some kind of show for some bigwig’s Omega who wanted to play scientist.
He wasn’t sure what woke him.  Movement or a noise or the dawning realization that he was alone in the bed.  Steve blinked the sleep from his eyes and squinted into the darkness.  The fire was down to embers, and the torches burned low in their cradles.  He sat up and glanced around, gaze landing on one of the large, stuffed chairs by the fire, where a figure sat in shadows.
“And just keep on with, ah, what—whatever we’re comfortable with,” Tony finished for him.  “Though, um, it’s—it’s not like I can’t fly out here on weekends or whatever,” Tony said quickly, the words sort of building on each other with more and more force as they tumbled out of his mouth.  “It was just an idea, really.  Mostly Pepper’s.  I mean, it’s crazy, right?  Probably is.  Who just pretends to be married for, ah, reasons other than national security? Probably a terrible idea,” Tony rushed on, scratching at the side of his face distractedly as he scrunched up his eyes for…reasons.  “So, you know, no pressure or anything.  If you don’t want to, it’s fine.  Obviously.  Totally fine, if you don’t.  Probably smarter if you don’t, really. I’m a terrible host.  Spend all day in my workshop.  You’d be bored.  Not that you couldn’t do stuff.  I mean, there’s stuff to do.  It’s Malibu, not Iowa.  What do you think they do in Iowa?  I’m picturing stuff with corn and…and now I don’t want to think about that. So. Yeah.  Anyway.  That was an idea.”  He raised his eyes, finding Steve staring at him, eyes gone soft and bright, crinkling a little at the corners.
“Thanks,” Tony replied, keeping his eyes on Steve.
He may not be what Steve wanted, but he could build a stronger, more successful company.  That was why Steve chose him, after all?  The company.  That was the whole point of the mail-order Omega thing.  He owed Steve at least to try.  Plus, if he built things for SI, he would, in some small way, be keeping Steve safe.  His brain flashed back to Steve’s promise that Tony would be taken care of if something happened to him, and his own panic at the idea, which felt a lot more like a hollow emptiness now than it once had.
Tony breathed out against the curve of Steve’s neck, his mouth hovering. He looked up at Steve, a small smile tugging at his lips.
His cock was fully erect now, jutting up against his navel, a small, white dot of pre-cum clinging to the head. Good. He could hear the slight change in his mate’s breathing. Steve knelt there for some indeterminate amount of time waiting for Tony to wake, letting memories of the past night play across his mind like one of those old news reels, keeping himself hard.
It was still relatively early, he noticed as he scanned the horizon while a slave bent to refill his cup. The sun was just now dipping beneath the far mountains, allowing a curtain of darkness to descend on the valley. Servants and slaves kept the oil lamps lit, though, and the tent dinner party sat in was bright with flickering light and the dotted shadows of the lamp’s cages that sprayed across the walls and ground. Soon, this day would be over and a new one would begin. Taking in the celebratory mood as he slowly chewed, Steve couldn’t help but think that more had changed with this day than any of them really knew.
“How did keeping stuff from him work out the last go round?” Fury asked, rather ironically, in Tony’s opinion, considering the long list of shit Fury failed to mention, starting with the guy Tony nearly mowed down being Captain America.  Fury had lied about Steve.  Fury was probably lying now.  Or at least not telling the whole truth and nothing but, by which Tony meant, Fury was speaking words.  “Look, he wants to help.  You want to talk him out of it?  Good luck,” Fury offered.  Tony sighed heavily again, slowly shaking his head back and forth.  He’d lost this argument before it got started, right around the time Fury baptized SHIELD in the blood, sweat and tears of Peggy Carter.
“Huh?”  Tony grunted, not taking his gaze off the precious.
“Nothing that fancy,” Steve said with a scraping husk of a laugh.  He brought a hand up and scrubbed it over his face, grimaced, and let it drop to hover over his chest, just above the bandage.  For a moment, his eyes clouded and darkened as lines of pain etched themselves across his forehead.  Pain from the surgery or something else, Tony wasn’t sure. “The Valkyrie, the plane I was on, it was headed for New York.   Went down somewhere in the Arctic ocean.  I don’t know where, exactly.  All the instruments were damaged in the—there was a kind of an explosion, I guess you’d call it.  They found me.  SHIELD. In the ice.  About six months before…before you,” Steve rasped out, raising his eyes to Tony’s.  His voice sounded funny. Shredded somehow.  Like the letters were all separate, falling out of a bag into words.  Probably the effects of an intubation tube at some point.  Probably, Tony told himself without really believing it.
There was a path through the mountains.
“Tony,” Steve choked out, half a gasp. He fell to his knees in front of Tony, reaching out both hands to cradle the undersides of his jaw.
“Cap, shit!  Hey, sorry man, we didn’t mean anything, we were just--” Rollins stammered, backing away with his palms up and out in front of him.
Steve stared up at him, mouth agape, no words coming out.  Another stab of pain split his skull, this one like a hammer-blow.
“Um, can we let the record reflect that my lawyer is advising me to engage in an ongoing and somewhat elaborate lie basically in order to get laid,” Tony pointed out.  “I knew I liked you.”
“Wow, Pep.  First, of course I did not “give” her that promotion.  She earned it. What kind of feminist are y—okay, okay, ow, don’t throw things!” Tony pleaded, ducking behind a stack of files on Pepper’s desk as she tossed a pad of post-its at his head.
“I’ll bet,” the King began, voice raspy and thick.  “I could make you come on my tongue.  What do you think?  Should we try that one day?  Keep you spread, with my tongue inside you until you begged for release?  Keep you this close, right on the edge, for hours?  You’d be so beautiful like that,” the King continued, circling the pad of his thumb around Steve’s hole.  “Or on my hand.  You could come on my hand, I think.  Wouldn’t even take much effort.  You’re so responsive.  God, the sounds you give me.  You should hear yourself.  The way your body shakes when you get overwhelmed.  That blush.  It’s going to be the death of me, I swear.  Would you like that?” he asked, low and husky-voiced as he slipped a finger all the way inside Steve’s body and pumped it in and out in long, slow strokes.  “To come on my hand?”
Why someone would make a basket into something beautiful, he didn’t know. It took far more work.  It was pointless. And yet…he hadn’t been able to stop looking at it. It was like the man’s amulet.  There was no discernible purpose to it, except decoration, and yet, it held a fascination for Anto that he couldn’t quite put into words.
“JARVIS, dim the lights,” Tony said quietly.  Steve was thankful for the bit of cover, but forgot his embarrassment when Tony moved his hand inside Steve’s boxers to cup his balls.
One minute, he was standing next to Fury, ready to return the greeting. Seemingly the next minute he was sitting with his back against the observation window wearing the armor while Pepper’s increasingly shrill voice shouted through the HUD.
Ms. Potts looked at him for a long moment, her shrewd gaze seeming to bore into him so much that Steve was half afraid she was going to say whatever it was Steve couldn’t figure out for himself.  In fact, she opened her mouth to say something, then closed it again, pursing her lips.  “Of course, Steve.  I’ll give him the message,” she said, her voice a little softer now.  “You take care of yourself, okay?”
At some point, when the days here slipped into weeks, he supposed he had accepted that the creature understood far more than seemed possible, but it nevertheless found new ways to amaze him, he thought, recalling its antics with a slight smile.  It was,
“Huh?” Steve said, eyes following Tony’s hand before snapping back to Tony’s face. Steve’s mouth flattened and gave his head a little shake, coughing into his fist before continuing.  “Right.  Yeah, um, Happy’s waiting, so.  Ready?”
Though Bucky had departed for Brookland, or what remained of it, a few days ago, Steve wasn’t at a loss for companionship on the journey, he thought, as Dugan and Jones rode up next to him, breaking into his reverie. Morita was scouting ahead, per Steve’s orders, but the rest of the Commandos were never far from his side.
Taking another swig of his beer, Steve finally lifted the edge of the mattress and reached down to shift the block out and retrieve the laptop that sat nestled behind it. Wakandan, not Stark Tech, and he felt a momentary flash of amusement and then guilt at that, because Tony, who wanted to claw at the future with grasping hands and scrapes of nails and pull it down to the world, would be alternately fascinated and exasperated by the wonders T’Challa and his people shrouded in secrecy.  His laptop, the first one anyway, the one that arrived at his Brooklyn apartment while New York was still in pieces, the one that opened to his own cowl-covered image smiling back at him, encouraging him to buy war bonds, had been a casualty of the Winter Soldier, Steve remembered.  One of the few that could be easily replaced.
“Of course you are not a terrible person, but you are human, Tony.  What really happened with the car?” Jarvis asked in a measured tone.
--and I’m somehow cured. That’s what you’re saying?”
His feet were cold.  They were sticking out the bottom of the comforter, which had bunched up during the night.  He didn’t really want to move, though.  That seemed wildly unnecessary, all things considered.  Every other part of him was warm, after all, sidled up next to Steve in the center of the bed with the comforter pulled up so high the edge of it tickled his chin.
“Well.  It
You couldn’t ask for things, but sometimes, the spirits gave boons, if you honored them properly.  A good hunt. Just the right piece of flint. A berry bush laden with fruit. The Great Bear herself had given the man to Anto, hadn’t she?  That had to mean something. Jhrvis thought it meant something. Maybe this was why. Maybe the man would take Anto with him when he left. Maybe he would teach Anto his words and bring him to his hearth.  That thought sent a warm shiver up his back, though he knew it wasn’t likely the man wanted to bring home an Omega, and certainly not one like Anto.
God, he hated this, all these little decisions when he didn't know how Steve would react. It was exhausting. Familiar, but exhausting. The last few weeks, he'd shed this constant anxiety over every little damn thing, one decision at a time, so gradually, he hadn't really noticed until he was faced again with trying to figure out what the right choice was every single fucking time. It was a shell game, that's what it was. Trying to pick the one with the ball under it while it kept moving, kept moving so fast you could never keep up, you could never really win it, and God, did he ever hate that.
Then the man started making some kind of huffing-crackling-wheezing noise that seemed to start in his chest and shake out of him.  Anto stared at him in wonder. He remembered that noise. He had made that noise when he was small, and it had so disturbed the clan that Maara made him stop, but now, here was this man making that same noise and not seeming to care at all.   Finally, Anto realized he was being rude, even if the man didn’t seem to mind, and dropped his gaze. The man’s noises slowly stilled to a halt and he dropped his hand from where he had been holding onto Anto’s. It was still warm and oddly tingly, Anto noticed. The man nodded once, which Anto took to mean he should start.
“Oh.  Okay,” Steve said, picking up his phone off the table and slowly dialing the number on Brock’s phone screen.
“Sir Archer has a poor history with these noble steeds,” Thor agreed readily from behind them. “His touch seems to drive the beasts to frenzy.  I would not advise taking that bet, Captain.”
“I’ll talk to the tech guy,” Steve laughed.  “He’s kind of annoying sometimes, but I think he can be persuaded.”
“Can we desecrate childhood heroes afterward?  Rhodey said he had a G.I. Joe bedspread when he was little.  Let’s face it, those Joes were already a bit homoerotic.  We can work our way through the entire nineties oeuvre,” Tony said, raising his eyebrows and pulling a face.
DUM-E had managed to pick up the water bottle, and was trailing tiny droplets of water from the top as he wheeled himself over to the garbage can.  U had his claw opened wide and arm extended in what Tony would describe as an expectant look, like he hoped maybe Tony would set something else on fire for him.  Well, chances were pretty good on that, at some point, Tony could admit.  Patience, young Padawan.
Steve looked down at his shoes for a moment.  He had the absurd thought that he should have shined them before tonight.  They were scuffed and seemed out of place here.  If he was going to back out, now was the time.  The limo was still parked out front.  He could just call it a night, apologize profusely, walk out the door and pretend this whole thing never happened.  Go back to his life.  His life.  Go back.  Back to what, exactly?  Everything was just as he’d left it.  There was still no good solution to the money issue.  No amount of hard work or perseverance was going to suddenly produce the ten grand a month for a private facility.  So, he could walk out of here, head held high that he’d done the right thing and go back to watch his mom’s condition deteriorate further, hear more lectures in Very Compassionate Voices about institutionalization, moving on, letting go, here-have-a-pamphlet, about how he’d done enough and, his favorite, the it-was-for-the-best lecture.  Best for who?  No one ever said.
Tony was just selfish enough not to let it stop him, wanted one more night with Steve, but then he’d asked for that little bit more, asked Steve to stay.  Stupid. Stay with him and not go back to…well.  Not go back.  Happy had said that the…guy…Bucky, hadn’t wanted Steve to go, and of course not.  Could you blame him?  Hell, Tony’d wanted to bar the door the next morning.
“Of course it will, Steve,” Bruce assured softly.
Movement from the corner of his eye caught his attention.  Tony was out on the deck, Steve saw, as he walked over to one of the windows in the living room. He seemed to be just standing there, looking out at the mountains.  Leaning his head against the window frame, Steve watched him through the blinds. He was beautiful like that, all golden in the sun, his hair catching the wind.
“Hey,” Clint shouted.  “Give Stark a blow job and see if you can get us a hot tub!”
“You could let one go every now and then, Stark.  Like, when we’re stuck in the middle of nowhere and you’re bleeding on me.  That might be a time to just let one fly right past,” Steve suggested evenly.
Steve’s uniform, or the parts of it that were left clinging to his body, was familiar enough.  Tony had seen it on Jarvis’s coffee cup this morning.  Tony looked down at his hand holding onto Steve’s shoulder, digging into the blue material, just above the silvery-white epaulet.  He looked down at the bottom of the uniform, half covered by a sterile blue cloth.  Red and white-striped panels.  And darker red, now, discoloring the white.  There was a piece of the cloth that had been cut away on the floor by the operating table.  What had once been a white star peeked out from the crumple of fabric.  It was reddened now, but it would have been a blazing white, Tony knew.  A blue cowl with small wings on each side and a large, white A in the center sat on a tray next to two red leather gloves and a belt fixed with pouches.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve called out over his shoulder, as the door clicked shut behind Tony.
“I’m not answering to SHIELD or Stark, just like Steve!” he mimicked in a slightly high-pitched voice.  “Well,” Steve continued, whooshing the Iron Man plushie around the bear’s head.  “Have you seen Steve lately, Barnes?  Because it would seem that I can get him to do just about anything I want.”
Bruce padded into the room, stretching out the kinks in his back as he made for the coffee machine. He jarred to a stop, then looked up at Tony and slowly backed out of the room. “I’ll just be in the lab,” Bruce informed them.
It had not gone over well.
“Er… so, that’s… yes, well. That’s certainly one way you could do it,” Tony said with a low, breathy chuckle.
“I threaten poison and go temporarily deaf.  Besides, you’ll be visiting, I believe?  An internship, I heard, before you start your doctorate program in the Fall?” Jarvis replied, coming to stand next to Rhodey in the doorway.
“Check up on me,” Tony corrected with a lopsided grimace. He shoved his hands into his pockets and rocked forward a bit, then rebounded on his heels, twisting around to where Coulson stood, perfectly still in his perfectly ironed suit with his perfect hair.  “It’s okay.  I kind of liked it.  Your visits.  Got a bit…lonely there for a while, just me and the bots.  And Joshua.”
Tony let out a puff of breath, then wiped a hand over his mouth, looking back up at Steve.  “I believe that you will,” he said, shaking his head, eyes gleaming with something that was caught between amusement and a strange, hopeful sort of gratitude, as if a part of him truly wanted to let it be that simple. It wasn’t, but Steve thought maybe it was, too, in a way, because it might be enough for Tony that Steve believed this, though why Tony would grant him that much faith, Steve couldn’t fathom.
“Then let them,” Steve said bitterly and instantly regretted it when he saw Tony’s face go slack with pain at Steve’s words and then turn hard as stone.  He was torn between wanting to pull away and bury himself against Tony, as if the mental war he was having could be writ into motion.
“Oh, he’s fine.  He’s tough. Aren’t you, kiddo?” Obadiah Stane said, stepping under the bank of lights with a wiggling bundle of limbs in a striped shirt, knee socks, one shoe thrown over his shoulder.  Stane hefted the boy up, held out in front of him and twisted him in the air a bit, earning another whooping, airy giggle before setting Tony down in front of him.
“You’ve seen a stone like that one before, too, haven’t you?” Tony said, jerking his head towards the strange stone. It wasn’t really a question.  “In your cave, with your holy man and his elixir. You believe it somehow helped to give you these gifts you have. The stone and whatever it was the holy man gave you.  You believe the stone had power. I thought you might believe this stone had power, too. I thought...maybe that belief would be enough.”
“Tony,” Steve said again, as Tony started slowly, almost languorously, bobbing his head up and down along Steve’s length. He tried to find some other word, but  that was all that filled his mind, bright and searing and all around him.  Steve groaned as Tony took him deeper into the liquid heat of his mouth, quick, sharp tongue curling and pressing against the underside.  Tony hummed, eyes on Steve, and the vibrations seemed to go from the end of Steve’s cock to every part of his body at once.  Tony pulled back, almost letting Steve’s cock fall out of his mouth, then sucked hard at the head, tongue darting out to flick against the head over and over as his cheeks concaved with the effort.   Steve could feel himself leaking into Tony’s mouth, though Tony didn’t seem to mind, just kept suckling at his shaft, mouth and tongue moving in tandem as Steve fought the urge to thrust, to bury himself inside Tony’s mouth, watch Tony’s lips stretch around him.
, he told himself, though he was not sure what more there was to say.  Tony’s own marriage was fast approaching.  Even now, the preparations were underway, taking over much of the city as it readied itself for a royal wedding the way an elderly matron glosses over wrinkles and spots of age with powders and paints.
“To keep cavalry off it,” Steve replied.
, but—God, you know what I mean.  Why have I not thought of this before?” he asked with a laugh that was half excitement, half exasperation.
He’d  broached the subject once, asking if it bothered Steve that whenever Tony wanted him, Steve’s body just responded of its own accord.  He remembered because Steve had just looked at him for a long moment.  Tony huffed out a small laugh at the memory, shaking his head.  Steve had actually suggested that maybe it was the other way around, and Tony was the one who responded to Steve’s wants and needs, which was ridiculous, everyone knew that wasn’t how it worked, and Tony would have told him so, but he had been too busy unbuttoning his pants.
“I’d have asked for an introduction,” Steve said, soft and low, bending his head down to Tony’s ear like he was sharing a secret.
“It was,” Steve replied, trying to hold in his smile and probably failing miserably by Tony’s delighted expression.  He scowled instead. That seemed to delight Tony all the more.
,” was not-so-subtle code for “
“Right,” Steve said evenly.
Talking to tin cans and seriously considering calling astrophysicists for relationship advice?  Not good, Tones.  Not good, Tony hummed to himself in Rhodey’s voice.
Lasagna was soft.
Their ages were not so far apart, yet further than Tony could ever realize, Steve frowned. Then, Tony’s birthday. The Observatory.  Tony seemed...okay with that.  Steve thought. The stars  were important to Tony, meant something to him in a way that Steve hadn’t realized until he heard Tony talk about them like they were some kind of lifeline.
The drive out to the Romotive Group facility wasn’t particularly long, though traffic clogged most of the route.  It sat in a nondescript, metal-sided building in the middle of a half-empty industrial park that had seen better days, mainly distinguished by the green and purple someone had chosen for the logo.
.  You once told me that your friends said their vows in a circle of standing stones when they couldn’t find a holy man.  You said, those vows were just as good, if truly meant.”
“Something along the lines of, ‘Please for the love of God and country, don’t tell Steve,’” Tony recited. “He’s on his way.  Coulson. Probably has some form for this kind of thing. Steve’s gonna…Steve.  I don’t know. Think he’ll be pissed?”
When he closed them, he meant to think of his home, all that remained to be done to piece together a shattered people, his team, with the blank, dark space next to him where Bucky was meant to be, his mission, his oath, and the ravings of a madman before fire engulfed him and the sea claimed them both, but thought instead of the way the King had looked at him that first night, how the King’s voice tremored just slightly when he called Steve beautiful.
“Cross my heart,” Tony replied begrudgingly.
“Huh,” Tony nodded.  “I know some people on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee.  Could make some calls.”
By lunch, their course had met with one of the larger tributaries, and Steve almost startled at the familiarity of everything. It shouldn’t be a surprise that so much was the same.  It had been years, but in nature’s time, that was little to nothing.  He had watched Bucky and other boys try to spear frogs from the shallows just down the way a bit.  He knew where a large log spanned a smaller neck of the river, reeds clinging to it and swaying with the rush of the current like the long hair of a water wraith.  They had dared each other to cross the slippery surface without falling in while the water circled their ankles.
“Primitive gods worshipped by whoever was originally here,” Bruce explained.  “Used to be circles of stones all over the place. You’d just about trip on them if you went on a walkabout, or so people say, but most are gone now. You can still see the vestiges of them, sometimes, here and there.  The common folk will still put offerings out, though the Faith ostensibly discourages it. Further away you get from the Sept, the less they care, though. Then there’s--”
The man wasn’t particularly rough.   Not like Rumlow, who knew how to make these examinations hurt and seemed to revel in that.  The man was perfunctory, more than anything.  Steve thought that might be worse somehow, though he wasn’t sure why that might be so.  His arms stung.  He concentrated on that.  No one opened the door.  It was better when it did.  It didn’t, but he stared at it anyway.  Counted the wooden slats, then counted them again.  Breathed out.  Tried not to move.  It would be over soon.  Still.  He wished he could see the sea.  That one, bright strip of it.  The burning pressure left him, then, and the man moved back around to stand next to Rumlow.
“He wants me to go.  Coulson said he was excited.  It’ll help the company, I guess.  If I’m going to be doing that stuff.  Probably give me some kind of credibility, unless I crash and burn, which is just as probable, really.  Coursework aside, how’s that even going to work?  Me in with a bunch of Betas and a few Alphas, just, what?  Hanging out?” Tony asked.
“You believe it doesn’t?” Tony asked, raising an eyebrow in question.
“How is he?” Tony asked, glancing up at Jarvis where he stood at the stove. “Dad?”
“What if we don’t find your people in time?” Tony asked against Steve’s chest. He could feel the cold air prickling his nose even now. It wouldn’t be long and winter would be upon them. Without a camp to lean on during the long winter, he wasn’t sure what would become of them.
“See this?” Tony said, pointing at a cylindrical chamber.  “I’m wondering about something with a bit more power behind it. You’d need a crank mechanism to build the pressure, but you could use the water wheel there, too, you’d just have to separate it with a sort of, I don’t know, a sealed joint, let’s say.  Then the plunger pumps down, see here, like so,” he said, making a motion with his hands next to the cylinder. “And suctions the water up, then discharges it here,” he finished, pointing at the release valve. “It could work.”
He wasn’t, but it didn’t matter, so he nodded and followed Coulson through the labyrinth of hallways and elevators until he saw a sign that helpfully pointed them towards conference room B, where Captain Rogers was waiting for him.
“There will be other Omegas there.  Have you met many?” Steve asked.
“You can’t know that,” Steve pointed out.
Every time he got close to believing maybe The Event was just one of those anxiety dreams, like where you showed up naked to dinner and didn’t realize it until halfway through the appetizer course, he’d remember what Steve smelled like.  Soap and earth and musk and
It hummed, lower this time, sort of gurgling, and Steve felt one of the tentacles wrap around his arm, then slide off, barely a touch, but soothing, somehow.  The contact, he supposed. He couldn’t remember the last time anyone--or anything--had touched him in a gentle-like way. Probably the sawbones who took the bullet out of his shoulder and patted his leg before moving on to the next case.  Wasn’t exactly a lot to choose from there, Steve thought with a deprecating sigh.
“So, good!” Brock said, grinning over at Steve.  “I knew you didn’t mean it how it sounded and all that.  And I’m not mad, not anymore.”  He rubbed his hand up and down Steve’s arm and leaned over, nudging at Steve’s neck.  “All’s forgiven, okay?  Hey, how about I let you show me what you learned, huh?” He traced a finger down Steve’s thigh, then back up again.  “Must’ve done something right, hmmm,” he whispered in a gravelly voice that vibrated down Steve’s spine and made his stomach churn.  “Get that big, fat check, and then Stark wants to play dress up with you in the morning.  God, I’d like to fuck you with those clothes on, mess up that fancy suit, what’d’ya say?”
Young, Tony noted.  Younger than Tony had dared to hope.  Maybe seven or eight years older than Tony, which put him on the very young side for a Captain, that was for sure.  Up and comer, Tony guessed, by the look of the hardware on the guy’s chest. That was a hell of a lot of metal, Tony noticed, momentarily distracted.  A lot-a lot.  Like, drag-you-to-the-bottom-of-the-ocean-a lot. No wonder Howard was salivating over the guy.  Decades of connections, indeed.  Guy was clearly going places.
.  Tony…look, God, I’m not saying what I--I’m not expecting you to feel…I don’t mean to put pressure on you, Tony.  I wouldn’t do that.  I told you that I wouldn’t, and I meant it.  I don’t mind waiting.  You’re worth waiting for, Tony.  You’re worth…all of this. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.  Look at me,” Steve urged, tugging lightly on the tags.  Tony
“Done,” Tony said.
“I did not have to explain about your parents.  You figured that out just fine on your own,” Jarvis continued, ignoring Tony’s interruption.  “It is one of my greatest regrets in life, that I had all the tools at hand to protect you from things you didn’t need protection from, and no way to shield you from the things that could truly harm you,” Jarvis went on.  His voice was clipped, but steady, an old scar that sometimes sent phantom pain that felt too real.  “I am merely suggesting that you should consider that it is possible you learned your lesson far too well.  People do not work the same way as outlets, Tony. They are not all the same. Just because some have failed you, does not mean that all will do so.  The man you are telling me about is hardly indifferent to you.  Perhaps, his feelings are not as strong as your own, but, in time…”
“Look who’s talking.  Didn’t you just get back from a mission?  Some highly-classified, probably world-saving thing I can’t know about?  I’m sure that wasn’t tiring in any way,” Tony countered.
“Uh, no. No touching.  There’s a bubble.  A memo should be coming around anytime now.  Really, I don’t understand why JARVIS hasn’t gotten that out yet.  How hard is it to put something on letterhead?” Tony wondered.
, but, come on, Steve.  Didn’t you notice how Stark was looking at you last night?” Brock let out a derisive snort when Steve shook his head. “Of course not. You never notice. Anyway, he looked like someone coming out of forty days in the desert and seeing a tall glass of water, you know what I mean?  Not that I can blame him,” he added, flashing a grin and winking at Steve.  “He’s not going to have them send you on your merry way. Trust me.”
Which, yeah, Tony thought, sighing as he took another bite of cheesecake, though he’d lost his appetite.  Here he was, on a date with a great guy, and all he could think about was Cap.  He looked over at Steve, walking along next to him, shortening his strides as if he was used to doing it. Steve had finished his dessert already, and Tony watched him dump the box into a nearby trash can, then followed suit.  He caught a whiff of the air off the water and, yep, sure enough.  Gasoline, fish and garbage.  Ah, New York. God, he loved this place.
“Figured that out myself.” Steve laughed. “The information from JARVIS was helpful though.” His sentence ended in a moan.
Most of the individuals were skeptical at first, but when they plugged them in, they realized each bedroom would easily be toasty by bedtime. The common room would still be chilly. Tony pulled out an insane amount of luxury blankets and offered them to each member of his team.
The two men could only watch with wide eyes as they left the room.
“No, Mr. Rogers has done nothing of the sort. He did not fall from the bed so I don’t have any video of it.”
Tony heard knocked on the door and “Tony? It’s Bucky. I’m need to talk to you.” Without waiting for the door to open, Bucky strolled in.
Tony’s heart cracked at the first four messages and shattered at the fifth. He was a monster. Steve didn’t do anything wrong. He didn’t even know what he was accused of and Tony didn’t give him a chance to share his side. Tony knew he needed to apologize. He could only pray that their was some shimmer of a chance that he would be taken back.
“I think I need to go to a doctor.”
“Why?”
“I guess I’ll dive right in. He thinks you don’t like him.” Bucky glared at Tony. “Things don’t always work out and that’s fine - I’m not going to threaten to kill you or anything if your relationship falls apart. I AM going to hurt you if you keep dragging it out and unnecessarily hurting him.”
“That and the fact that I’d never been before.”
“You’ve ruined everything.”
Tony wolf whistled. “I think I know what I want for breakfast now.”
“No, no it’s medical.”
Natasha and Tony announced that they were heading straight to the top. Sam and Thor, against everyone’s advice, decided to join them. Clint disappeared into the forest almost immediately. That left Bruce, Peter, and Steve to the green slopes. Steve was grateful that no one was around to tease him when he would inevitably fall. He felt like a baby deer.
“And they kept it in?”
Steve’s eyes glazed over as he remembered that peaceful evening he and Bucky shared before returning to the chaos of war.
Tony stared up at the mentioned screwdrivers. One was the one he was looking for, and the other was a green one that was roughly the same size. “The orange one.”
Tony, on the other hand, felt like complete garbage. Obviously, he didn’t blame the kid. Peter didn’t really know Steve and he didn’t know any better. He hadn’t been the one to come up with the idea of a sneak attack. He wouldn’t have even dared to douse one of his idols in cold water if Tony hadn’t insisted it was going to be taken well. Tony needed to come up with some way to apologize for what he did.
Steve automatically held out his arms and Peter gave him a hug. He sighed in relief when he felt the warmth of the super solider’s heating system. “Um, I don’t mean to...During the war, we would huddle together in the trenches to warm up. Do you want to...”
“Yeah. Bruce. JARVIS?”
Bucky looked at Steve questioningly. Steve immediately realized what he wanted and sighed. “They like to think I’m a totally innocent Boy Scout or something.”
Steve stopped in his tracks and shot a confused look at his lover’s aggravated mood.
Steve tossed a teasing glare Bucky’s way.
“It’s not a pool it’s a large jacuzzi that’s modeled off thermal hot springs.” Tony opened the door to the spa to reveal a very large room taken up almost entirely by a steaming pool. There were several tastefully placed pillars in the center of the pool and various little pockets where you could sit and use the jets. The whole thing was encased in glass so you could see the whole city below.
“If it’s Tony, go away.”
“I made a mistake. I need to apologize to Steve.”
Steve and Tony nodded.
“Eight points to Stevie for being too stubborn to die.”
“Why were you hiding?” Natasha sat down and started organizing her weapons.
Steve rubbed circles on Tony’s back and tucked him under his chin. “Everyone is safe. It’s going to be alright. It’s okay to let it out.” He murmured in his ear. The careful way Steve handled him and the honest words of encouragement made the guilt too much to bare.
“But don’t you have work tomorrow morning? You won’t be able to make it if we don’t get back tonight.”
“I know. I did something terrible and I need to make it right. Please just give me five minutes with him.” Tony’s voice must’ve been pathetic enough to soften Sam up, because the next thing he knew, he was standing in the guest bedroom Steve had been staying in.
There was a whistling and the night time noises of New York were suddenly drown out with a large boom. The sky filled with red sparkles that captured everyone’s full attention. Peter had stiffened a little at the noise, but not too much. Tony continued to be enchanted by the display for a few more fireworks before he looked at each of his team members.
“He said ‘Applesauce! This damn blower is a load of nonsense’”
Tony finally registered what was happening and jolted up to grab Steve’s forearm. “Wait. You don’t have anything to apologize for. I should’ve known better. It’s all my fault for triggering a panic attack. I’m the worst and I understand if you don’t want to continue dating such an inconsiderate person, but I’m not going to break up with you. If you give me a second chance, I’ll make sure to make it up to you, but that’s only if you want it.”
“That’s okay.” Steve picked his pencil back up. He never judged Bucky for his decisions. That was one of the reasons Bucky quickly warmed up to Steve. Even when he could barely remember Steve, his kind and caring side made it easy for the boys to become friends again.
