Those fingertips, they map the backs of his knees, moving up to cup as much of Dean’s hips as they can over his clothes. Over his gut, high enough that it could pass for clinical. They work their way into Dean’s armpits, which is fucking weird, but then again, angel, and Dean’s so blissed out it feels as good as anything else. They skim down the bridge of his nose and over his cheekbones and when Cas’ fingers reach Dean’s forehead, it’s familiar enough to feel like a benediction.
Castiel was screaming light the human brain could not comprehend, entire collapsed dimensions into a vessel. Now he’s this, and he neither hates it, nor wants to accept it; instead, he will make the best of it.
Dean spent his life on the road, but his heart was always firmly staked in Village Bridge. It’s where he lived for his first ten years, and though he can’t remember much – and what he does seems awash in gold haze, something stupidly precious and too easy to shatter – he remembers
Dean doesn’t know what he was expecting from Castiel, but it sure wasn’t acknowledgement of just how amazing Cas was. Dean didn’t think Castiel remotely cared. It should make Dean proud, but it only takes another scoop out of his heart. He might as well shatter to bits, here on the floor, clinging to Castiel.
the exasperated look Cas is shooting him. Those looks are only made slightly more ridiculous by the fact that Cas is also completely naked, and his dick’s very interested in the proceedings.
“Opelucid?” the librarian, whose name tag read
Dean’s impressed at how he’s still in shape. He goes running almost every morning with Kevin or Sarah or Tamara. There was a point in his life — like, all of it before he got to Camp Chitaqua — where he would’ve laughed at the idea of
Just when he’s able to breathe again, as he’s about to get out a
or absolutely fucking
It’s going to be worth it. It
“This is the world now, huh.” All Dean can do is boggle, helplessness sticking to him as long as he stays in his seat.
Speak of the devil. (Which is just a bad choice of words for anyone in Dean’s life, now that he thinks about it. Especially when you shot the guy in the head and saw him stand up again.) Sam’s standing at the entrance to the camp, this obnoxious little
, something’s just missing inside him here —
They head out toward the light source. After hours in this cave, dark as the night sky without a star or light pollution to mar it, its glow might as well be a beacon.
this way, Latios.”
for making the preview graphic on Tumblr and my banner, and also in general for being an amazing friend who supported me on this fic from the beginning.
Whether Charlie actually taps into the bank accounts of any more ancient jackasses, she doesn’t say, but Charlie drags her wife in to work the next day to help out. Gilda is tall and graceful and doesn’t say much, which is hilarious considering she’s married to
“Okay,” Dean says, not following.
Dean’s been angry at Cas before. Hell, he was angry two minutes ago. The guy could’ve broken the world with the Leviathan shit, and worse, he shattered Sam’s wall just because it was convenient for his plan. And all the shit with the Colt, and chasing after Kelly – Dean’s been furious.
When they arrive back in Opelucid, Dean blinks. There’s quite the group gathered there. They all fit in the house, a big, airy luxury cabin, warm and fragrant with wood smoke. “Flagstaff’s house,” Cas tells Dean. “She’s such a stickler for the rules, I wouldn’t think…”
Dean’s touched his bare skin before. His eyes were wide the whole time he carved the sigil into Castiel, but he did it. But it’s not the same, not when there’s so much humanity Castiel still struggles to process. There is sour beer on Dean’s breath and this time, the hand on his shoulder is something pulling him down. Castiel could tumble backwards onto this sofa if he wanted, easily.
enjoying
Vaporeon’s gazing up at him, totally enrapt and waiting for what he’s gonna do next.
“I had to.”
“I got a brother too,” Michael says, when Sam and Dean introduce themselves. “Asher. Only in the eighth grade, but he helps out sometimes.”
His dad never told him to be brave; he just shoved him right into the fire. It was Mary who told him to be brave, who took his hand and sat by his side while he pet John’s Zebstrika despite the shocks of static electricity crackling up and down his arm.
Dean’s reduced to further one-syllable words when he feels how light the water gun is. He keeps pumping, but after a while, all that’s coming out is dribble and foam. The words choke out of his mouth as the rotten
Apparently, though, forgetting wasn’t so hard for Castiel.
It’s a bad old trick, but Dean can bust out the old tricks with Cas in his bed, so Dean carefully walks his fingers down Cas’ flat belly until they reach the top of his jeans and stops right there, only to massage the heel of his hand lower. Doesn’t even feel like a point of no return, and Dean’s so shocked and grateful by that he almost doesn’t notice Cas’ eyes and mouth flying open, and the way his hips leave the bed to press up for more.
“Inais was always far more involved with matters of diplomacy and communication,” Cas says rather primly, sitting down at the long bench next to Dean. “I ran strategy in my garrison for a long time.”
Their faces are close enough to breathe the same air. It seems only right that Dean should turn his head just a few inches and start kissing Cas again.
“Dunno what’s good for you yet,” Sam says, wary, passing him a large plate. There’s whole wheat bread on it, spotted with butter here and there. “This should be okay.”
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean groans. Castiel isn’t certain what he’s asking for, but he gets a low, dirty
He just nods. Every movement of his head rubs his stubbly cheek against Cas’ palm, and God, it’s the best reminder.
Dean remembers his legs burning, his lungs heaving. And then the simple, puzzled expression on Vaporeon’s face as she stood back by Castiel.
“You don’t want to talk about it,” Castiel says. “I understand.”
They cradle the Cubone together, and he stops squirming. When Dean sneaks a look at Cas’ face, he’s half-smiling at what he sees in front of him. This is dangerous, but Dean doesn’t want to get off the train.
Ellen sighs, and walks out from behind the desk. The Tauros follows her rather lethargically. “Pull out the stools, ladies and gents. It’s story time.” They don’t know Ellen at all, but there’s a bit of a dash to grab the homemade stools and find their way up on them. Ellen doesn’t seem like the kind of woman you disobey, ever.
What happens next – nothing could have prepared Dean for it.
That’s when Dean notices that in the time he’s been smirking at Crowley’s still form, the Marowak mother has advanced on him too. She’s brandishing her weapon, and her lip is tipped up in an unmistakable snarl. Well, shit.
Thankfully, the Barboach and Feebas seem happily unaware of the shitty treatment their species get. Well, as happy as a Feebas can get with the enormous frown and notoriously ugly mottled, flaky scales. It still makes Dean grin, check the water temperature to make sure it’s okay, then begin to move off to another area he was assigned to for the day.
.” Sam asks the billion-dollar question.
Jack either doesn’t notice or ignores the awkwardness from Dean, and nods right back at him. This time, at least, he bothers to finish chewing his bite of cereal before saying, “Hi Dean. I’m actually here to talk to you. And Cas. I just wanted to clarify some stuff.”
Cas flicks his eyes to the table, then back to Dean again. So it’s gonna be like that. But Dean gets it.
– they’re making him not pay so much attention to the street address, but he recognizes the name. It’s at the very edges of town, where the apartments start turning into actual townhouses of very varying quality. There are shiny pretty things carved from what must be marble; there are crappy wood hovels that seem pieced together with spit, some scattered Bellsprout vines, and a couple of prayers to Arceus.
That’s when
Cas sighs and looks deeply into the neck of his very cheap beer bottle. “She told me I had too much
And him, he and Cas, Vaporeon and Staraptor too, they’re part of the reason total strangers can live in this world. Just like Cas’ words about
Cas turns to him, his voice pitched low. “We need to find Anna; I’m sure she’s alright, but I’m worried. But first, Keldeo wanted me to tell you something.”
The horn honks. The chick blinks, but otherwise doesn’t move.  She’s not even glaring like her Pokemon; she’s just… looking.
Dean hopes they return to Goldenrod one day. He hopes to see Carver, maybe the best college in the world, some time when he’s not so swallowed up by bitterness. And when it’s a place that the students on there can walk around freely and flash him big toothy smiles for good reason, not because they don’t know what the fuck is going on.
and Dean has to be making an interesting face as he parses out that turn of phrase, because she snaps, “Oh, don’t look so shocked.”
Dean knows he should probably move along; there are so many other Pokemon enclosures to check, and it’s getting late. But they stay staring at the tableau in front of them, Vaporeon’s paws curled carefully in something like an embrace and Staraptor wrapped around her best she can.
“Cubone? Morbid,” Cas says from next to him, which makes Dean jolt in surprise but is also exactly what he was thinking.
Cas nods his head. Then, unprompted, he says, “Let me tell you about my family. I may not remember – what happened outside the mall. But I can tell you what I do know.”
Hospitals suck. Unlike malls, they
, not just Opelucid’s ever-present Dragon-types but Persians and Furfrous too, and plenty of revived fossil Pokemon. Dean tries not to gawk when a couple of Aerodactyls meet in mid-air not far in the distance from him, then swoop back to their owners.
Weird stiff clothes and demeanor aside, Uriel and Hannah are great.
thinking about it.
Dude looks smug as fuck. It’s a good look on him. “That was incredible,” he says, using both hands to encircle Dean’s wrist. His fingers trace over his pulse point and creep up to feel over each joint. Dean’s guessing he missed having hands with opposable thumbs. And Dean sure as hell appreciates those human hands, too.
The four of them all launch themselves at Lucas at once. He may stretch out over the field dark and wide as an oil spill, but the second those four sets of horns lodge themselves into him, he howls in horror.
“Of course,” Dean grunts out.
It’s a goddamn battle, that’s for sure. In the sudden bedlam, it’s hard to get his bearings, and he finds himself on his ass when Vaporeon sends enormous water twisters out from the pond. They shoot across the floor, cutting down anything in their path. A couple of Raticates get blasted back, and the advancing Spiritomb actually dissolves. Dean cringes. Those Pokemon didn’t ask for this. He hopes they’re alright.
“What did you do to go to Hell? You have an incorruptible…” Castiel goes quiet. Dean realizes that he’s learning something like tact; the thought makes his jaw clench and presses his lips together. “You seem like a good man, as good as any man can be,” Castiel says, instead, his tone even stiffer than usual.
“What did you know?” It’s Castiel’s turn to ask the question. His voice has no waver in it; it’s all force.
Cas swings a leg over Dean’s hips until they’re pressed together. His back is one sweet arch, and the one benefit to not touching himself is that Dean’s hands can run up and down the easy curve. His fingertips drag goosebumps from the skin wherever they touch.
Twenty-four hour shifts are a bitch. Dean pulled a couple of them with Benny early on, and even with Andrea showing up and Benny pulling out all the stops in the meager-ass kitchen the nursery had to make a damn delicious gumbo, the night passed too slowly and staying at work from noon to noon wiped him out. He spent the rest of the week in a total daze, and he’s lucky Cas overly fussed over him because he was terrified he would have dropped some of the baby Pokemon otherwise.
But he must have been glowering or showing some other kind of reaction, because Castiel shifts in his chair. It’s not a very Castiel kind of movement, and Dean feels his face slacken in surprise. “And it’s interesting here. I can admit that. Can I ask you a question now?”
, messy dark hair and blue eyes so intense they made Dean take a stagger-step back when he first truly saw them, but it’s way more than his looks. It’s a
ago, and you knew everything —”
, not just panic that you won’t last another day. Understanding. Loyalty beyond what I knew. Forgiveness, something I could never contemplate until it was right in front of me.” His spine straightens, just a notch or two, but enough that Dean notices. The guy’s idiosyncrasies, they’re a part of his life now. “I’ve seen love.”
lecture, but never understood it until now. Everything was so cramped on Earth, and Castiel had previously not seen the difference between standing a foot away from Dean, and standing a few meters away.
“Goin’ LARPing?” Dean asks Charlie later. She gives him this truly ridiculous grin in response, but Dean doesn’t mind much. Everything about her is weirdly charming.
the one who deserves respect here. Whatever the case, Dean and Cas soon find themselves surrounded by the Swords of Justice, who stare at him.
“He’s doing fine, you know, considering the fact that he’s got mold all over his shiny haloed grapefruit.” She laughs, and Dean
“I only let you be a smart-aleck because you’re right.” With that, Dean rolls over – his body makes all kinds of ridiculous protests at that, God, he’s gettin’ old, but ain’t too bad because he never thought he’d live this long – and pulls on his discarded boxers and a fresh t-shirt. He dumped his jeans off the side of the bed before he fell asleep, but they’re still good too. “Next time we’re getting’ the wild cherry lube.”
I cannot thank
“Nancy?”
Dean’s probably said the wrong thing; there’s a pretty significant upper class section of the city, one that would probably take offense to the very idea of their Pokemon being
“Workin’ up the courage to knock?”
The claustrophobia of it all gets itchy after a while. Dean tosses two red cards down on the table and feels himself
He tries to dodge it, but it’s no use. The wind is far too powerful. His body topples down the hill, and Dean and Cas both peek over the edge to see him lying there, limbs splayed. The last remnants of the wind push him back a few feet more.
They’re here.
But then Cas comes to the bed, movements more disjointed than Dean’s but smooth enough to get him under the covers with the blanket pulled over him. They’re face to face now, what can’t be more than a foot away.
“Naomi’s not
“I’m not usually so quick on the draw,” Dean says a little sheepishly, once he’s recovered. But Cas is already sliding all the way up his body so they’re face to face.
“Always wanted to adopt an Oddish or Bellsprout or two,” he says, as he notices Dean eyeing the terrarium and watering can. “Likely wouldn’t get along with Staraptor, though.”
“Howdy,” the older woman greets. Dean’s never been struck by such a maternal vibe from someone before, and it makes something funny twist in him. She’s way more rough-and-tumble than his mom would have ever been, wearing plaid and talking in an accent with a twang, but she’s around the age his mom would’ve been if she was still alive.
“Extremely.” Dean wants to scoff at him again, but Cas is so damn earnest. He finds himself packing up his bath towels and grimacing while he hopes he can shake the sand outta them, then slapping together some sandwiches from whatever he has in the kitchen, and heading out to damn Opelucid Beach.
Dean hasn’t been too articulate since Anna strode into his room; he only blinks and nods. “Nothing else got out?”
and live in the darkest corners of far-off caves. When the center’s open, the Wynaut huddle in a makeshift cave in their enclosure, nothing like the caves they inhabit in the wild but enough to keep them hidden from sight, and shuffle away any time anyone gets a good view of them.
“I told you, I wasn’t asking.” He turns his wrist, and Dean still can’t make out what he has in his hand, but he knows it’s long and glints in the moonlight, the kind of weapon no one has any need for in a world where everyone has Pokemon. “I need new trainers, boy.”
, in case you missed it. And with our history, sorry if I have some
“What were you – when you were gone. What were you doing, exactly?” Dean finally gathers up the courage to ask, a couple of minutes of silence later. They’re leaning into each other; it’s so comfortable. It’s so easy. “Not like you were hanging out in town.”
They line themselves up – they’re both big slippery disasters right now, so it takes frustratingly long, though at this point that’s mere seconds – and then Dean’s exhaling an enormous sigh as he pushes inside.
. “I can’t want to see my only grandkid?”
Ruby’s a short brunette wearing too much leather for such a cramped, hot space. She and her Roserade share twin smiles. When Dean was introduced to Ennis, the latter was wearing a shirt bearing the insignia of the Swords of Justice. “Thought that was just a Unova thing,” Dean said.
He’s a blandly good-looking man, though Dean wouldn’t remember his face if he hadn’t seen it before. The guy’s not particularly tall or short and his hair is stuck somewhere between brown and blond. “Hello, all,” he greets. His voice has musical lilt to it.
“–but I can hear you praying.”
“You knew I found a job. And yes, I’m enjoying it.”
“You wouldn’t,” Dean points out, “because that’d be torturing Ellen too, and Krissy and Michael and Asher. And you wouldn’t wanna do that to them, now would you?”
for the better part of a decade.”
. Dean could laugh at these assholes when they were nothing but a bunch of pathetic, power-hungry sycophants in nicer clothes than he’d ever own. Now they’re fucking murderers. They’re
Mary was a jarring exclamation point on the landscape. There was darkness in her soul, and a haze that had nothing to do with the soot in the sky blotted parts out. But red and gold and bronze still wrestled proudly within her. Yellow shot across her features. She carried the sweet green of plants Castiel had an intrinsic knowledge of, but had never seen. Before she arrived in Heaven, there were whispers among the other angels of a killer who struck angels down while they were still in awe of her soul.
The Swords all duck their heads. The moment doesn’t last long, but Dean’s stunned it happened at all. He’s just
Charlie remains by the computer. Vulpix is curled against her side, rubbing his nose against her t-shirt, but she’s so still. Her face is paler than usual, and Dean – well, to use a reference Charlie would probably appreciate, Dean’s got a bad feeling about this.
Ellie smiles at that, for the first time. It’s a shy, but warm smile, in contrast to Jo’s big toothy grin. “Everyone says I’m more like Tamara. I lost my family too. Like – uh –”
“Uriel probably thinks they’re below him,” Anna says, patting Uriel’s shoulder.
Actually, no – he didn’t disappear. That would’ve been better, the rush of wings and then nothing ever again, because Dean would’ve ached and hated it but Cas would’ve been alright. Cas could take care of himself, after all. No, Cas didn’t disappear. He got fangs and black veins sneaking up his neck instead, or screamed – Cas fucking
When they get back to the bunker, Sam and Mary practically bolt back to their rooms. Kelly was true to her word; she and Jack are nowhere to be found. Means it’s just him and Cas. Great.
, of all people. “Okay, um, so I figured I’d give you the grace period of a couple of months and everything.” His mouth twists into a sort of dark, amused smile. “Really, it’s been a bunch of
, or anything, but compared to the other shit they’re dealing with is pretty small fries. The ugly-ass thing looks like the chick from
And now he’s back in one. Most of his body feels nothing at all, which he suspects is due to the drip stuck into his arm, but when he does move his body reverberates with ache like a struck church bell. At least in those small moments he can feel something, anything at all. There’s nobody else in his room. No Vaporeon, no Cas – fuck.
The irritation edges its way up Dean’s spine again. “I hate it when you find your sense of humor. It’s too much like –”
gave him at first. Like standing in the middle of a tornado, letting it wreak destruction, while you welcome it in.
lecture a while ago, he’s kind of over it. If Dean’s being honest with himself, he and Cas haven’t ever been the definition of normal.
“When she can. Kind of busy, you know?” Even behind Alex’s smile, her eyes are incredibly sad. Mary isn’t surprised. Not like it’s rare in this line of living. “She’s the most amazing person I’ve ever met. I owe her so much, but – it can’t be easy for her.” Alex swings her legs back and forth, keeping her eyes tightly focused on her knees now. “I don’t know how much you know. Probably not fair for me to talk about it.”
It’s been five weeks. The rest of Dean’s life, just like this, stretches out in front of him. And fuck it, he can’t do it. He’ll take one more year, one more goddamn
Only a million different scenarios run through Dean’s head. In place of words, he clutches Cas’ hand, and rushes with him down, down, down the stairs. The thunk of their feet on the metal stairs echoes his heartbeat.
“She had a blast,” Dean says, pointing out Vaporeon to Cas. He’s smiling at her, too. “So did I.” He winds his fingers through Cas, and they wait there until the sun’s dipped low under the horizon and even Vaporeon’s nudging at them to leave.
“But that’s just it,” Sam continues. “He was a
Sam very pointedly puts down his fork. “Latios like, Latios Latios?”
“Let’s go save the world,” Dean says. He doesn’t mean it all that seriously, but Charlie gives him the littlest fistpump, and Cas – who still looks shaken, who still has his arms crossed – offers him a small, private smile.
Dean lets out a short laugh. “All of Unova, more than that maybe, it was small?” He’s traipsed his way across the continent. Small ain’t the word for it.
Only – no, that isn’t it. Dean has his own home now; he has real friends. When he was on the road with Sam and Dad, all he had was his brother, and that relationship was so mixed up in his dad’s orders to
where he tilts his head and Dean kind of wants to straighten it right back up for him. There’s a twitch in Cas’ arm, like he’s ready to throw it out in front of Dean or hold it out, palm up, to blast the things away. And that’s when the things stop in their tracks.
“I could probably carry you, if you want,” Cas murmurs from in front of him, and Dean whips around to see the guy actually smirking, gliding over the gnarled knot of roots almost as easily as Huexkull does.
“Damn if those Stoutland aren’t
They fire. The enormous blaze launches toward Dean. He needs to get his ass in gear, but he’s not fucking moving.
Gordon doesn’t say anything at first; he just takes his hand, still intertwined with Kubrick’s, and places it on the table in full view. If that’s meant to be a challenge, Dean’s pretty sure he’s sort of insulted. But then he sees the glint of gold on Gordon’s hand, and figures that’s what he was intended to see. So he can’t help it, he’s smiling at them.
“Thank you,” Cas says, fervent. “I – in the past, I know I’ve said terrible things about being alive. I didn’t want to exist any more. Peace, not freedom, remember. But knowing you, Dean, knowing Sam and Mary and Claire and Kelly and – all the people in this beautiful, wild life. I want to keep
When Dean was a toddler, couldn’t have been much more than two, he’d stumbled while walking and sliced his knee open on a jagged rock. He couldn’t stop screaming and screaming and screaming, and Mary swore she’d never let him hurt like that again. Guilt radiates out from her gut when she thinks about just how badly she’d failed him there.
What happens to her is far more satisfying.
Cas shows no sign of not believing Dean, though, and even though he immediately showed Dean a picture of Anna he doesn’t ask why Dean doesn’t show him a picture of Sam. “You proud of him?”
“Can I –”
The last time Dean saw thunder crack the sky, back in Washington, that thunderstorm was the one thing that finally drove him back inside and off the beach. Or, more accurately, it had sent Sam outside to hoist him up by one arm. Over the driving rain, Sam had been saying something – screaming it, really – but fuck if Dean could make it out. Until Sam started howling
“I took these souls; they were all inside me,” Cas says, at last, rather glumly. He finds a log a little bit of the way out of the clearing, and sits on it, head cradled in his palms. The pose is remarkably human, and a little too vulnerable; Dean saw Cas grab Dick Roman’s head and all but rip it the fuck back, after all. “They remember.”
And yeah, he remembers Sam bolting while they were in Nimbasa. John found him later that night at the ever-present carnival, chowing down on some cotton candy he stole. Dean got told to stay in the hotel room that night, so he never knew what John said to Sam, but it was only a couple of months later that Dean found the application to Carver University over in Goldenrod. Dean had done a lot of stupid, stupid shit for his dad, but he was loyal to Sam, too, even if it broke Dean’s damn heart to see it, what he could never do. So he kept quiet.
Eventually, he pushed the entire bowl of jalapeños in Cas’ direction. “If you’re gonna stick around, when you’re done with that, I have something for you –”
“I’m sorry.” Dean is, he really really is. “My dad, he – he could be a real piece of work, but not like that.” Again, he lets his hand curl around Castiel’s. Outwardly, Cas doesn’t react much – the guy is good at running hot and passionate as Dean one moment, and marble statue cold the next – but his fingers squeeze Dean’s.
Dean has little hope or faith. Life taught him that those things, they never work out. But Mick – Dean kinda misses that douchebag too, because they’ve lost too much, and he’d really come through in the end – had called Claire a walking miracle.
the manpain from the hallway,” she says, cheery as ever, patting his chest with the hand that’s not clutching Whimsicott to her side. Dean must stiffen up, because she rolls her eyes enormously and tells him, “Chill out, I’m
“What are you doing here?” is all Dean can ask as she friggin’
“Cas, man,” Dean gets out. “You – look, things are still pretty shitty. We got a lot to talk about. But…” He looks back and forth. Sam’s out front with Anna hustling Meg out; no one else is around. “You’re family, okay? And you didn’t deserve to die. Look, you told me once I deserved to be saved, when your whole douchebag family just wanted me out of Hell so Michael could ride my ass.” He’s still not sure he believes it, but it was a hot shock when Cas called him out on that shit the second they met. It still hits him every time he thinks about it. “You need that too, Cas. You really do.” He doesn’t even recognize his voice. Sounds like he took a goddamn cheese grater to it.
The point is, no one says shit about any of it, and all the food gets eaten. Even the key lime pie.
Of course, it’s not all.
Cas chimes in, “He’s cool.” Dean can practically hear the air quotes around
“Quality time with me?” Dean smirks. He’s all bravado and big genuine smiles now. The only thing more worrying than Dean’s moods these days is how quickly they shift. “Woulda thought you wanted some with –”
“Gotta admit it was pretty hilarious when they promised us fifteen dollars for taking their survey,” Ava says. “Us broke-ass college students.”
. But for how goddamn long?
and walk away, angry because he expected better and angry at himself
“Us?” Sam repeats.
Cas talks about Omastar and Lapras wistfully and often enough that he jokes about Staraptor getting jealous. She just bops his shoulder with her crest and flies around in low circles whenever he does. As for Dean, well, the only Pokemon he wants to adopt is a Cubone, or maybe fifteen. Though other species at the nursery in Opelucid keep giving him the eyes, and he’s a big softie about it.
of this place need an overhaul?”
floor – and in return, all he gets are glowers strong enough to make Dean forget all about ever smiling. The guy’s Skarmory gave Vaporeon something like a sympathetic look, or as sympathetic as a Skarmory could look with a chrome metal face, as she glided out of the elevator, but it was too late by then. Friends beyond Vaporeon were just for other people, Dean supposed.
“Your boy is an excellent chef,” Uriel declares, nodding toward Cas and patting his stomach as he finishes his last bite of his burger.
with an
“Okay.” She laughs, and it’s sorta shaky, like she can’t quite trust him yet. “I’m Marin.” When she holds out her hand, Cas just stares at it, and she pulls it away. “You must be Dean. Heard a lot about you.” Her smile’s wobbly, but she’s cute.
Bobby meant a lot to him. Guy had been a friend of his father’s forever, even if they hadn’t seen each other much toward the end of things. Rufus joined Bobby later, when Bobby decided muckin’ around in the guts of cars wasn’t doing it for a job any more. Not with his back going out like it was. “Feel like fixing cars means my engineering degree’s being too useful,” was how Bobby put it.
A long time passes before either of them speaks. “There was initial shock, but Lucifer went away early,” Castiel sighs. “He kept — he was trying to sing. All angels do what you would consider singing, it’s one of the things your greeting cards and Christmas celebrations get right, but his songs were…”
Dean takes Cas’ hand again. He remembers slipping it between his own legs, letting Cas feel just how much Dean wanted him, but this time, Dean pulls Cas’ hand
Zachariah’s still got the irrepressible smile on his face that Dean recognizes from his stupid commercials, but there’s a flatness behind his eyes. He’s hoping there’s a moment of regret lurking back there. But it’s probably just that he got caught.
“We could get Charlie to hack the system?”
They come across the hotel soon. It’s pearly white and pretty in the light cast on it. Dean catches Cas frowning at the scrawled graffiti on the outside wall. “I can normally handle it,” he tells him. “I just – I appreciated the backup there. Thanks.”
“These actually taste like something, even to me. I can appreciate that.”
Cas’ dick is huge while erect and so dark with blood it’s practically purple; it visibly twitches when Dean runs a finger down its length. “Been pretty hyped up for a while, haven’t you?”
“I miss Sam,” serves as his only response. It’s what he fills uneasy air with, anyway.
Dean can only nod in response, just once, and quickly. But the heat across his face settles into a bubble of warmth in his chest, both at what Cas said and the fact that he said it at all. Cas seems like the type who crosses his Ts and dots his Is; he’s always early to work and follows every exact measurement while putting food together for the Pokemon. Ain’t exactly the type to praise a bunch of unruly college kids who threw off his morning commute.
, or sometimes Sam, were okay.
Dean could swear, for just a second, Cas’ eyes flash screaming blue. “Yes, I suspect it’s related to the
He slides back into bed, hands skimming over Cas’ hips to slide up to his chest, and he drags the lube up over his ribs and heart. “Don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, I just thought…”
Cas stands still for a couple of seconds, until – Dean knows it’s coming, but he still has to catch his breath, because there it is, the blue light. The blue light that ran through his dreams for years, the blue light that made it so he could stand here and marvel over it another day, the blue light that he immortalized on his shoulder, the blue light that
“It’s me, Cas,” is all Dean can say. “It really is, and Sam, and uh, Anna too, and it’s been a while – but not really, actually – just –” He shuts up, for the most part. “C’mon.”
there enough times, and he knows he will go there a hundred more times, and his dad will never find what he’s looking for, and his mom will never come back.
“Means a lot for
Cas smiles at that. “I do,” he says earnestly. He meets Dean in another kiss, wrapping his tongue around Dean’s own. His hand moves to Dean’s now-jutting erection, and Dean see-saws, desperate, between Cas’ thrusts and his strokes. Ecstasy spirals higher and higher inside his body.
“That was an unspeakable amount of money!” Roman exclaims, and if Dean didn’t hate that dickwad enough he’d hate him for caring about
, the sight of it soars through his body. The skin seems like a promise of later, of more.
If Dean was drinking something, he’s pretty sure he’d spew it everywhere at those last two words. “Damn, Cas,” he says, and he feels the affection warming his words, “I didn’t think you had it in you.”
Suddenly, one day — night — whatever, the clouds go white like a smear. It’s all kind of like the goopy Wite-Out crap Sammy used to bug him to buy along with Dean’s chocolate bars and beef jerky at crappy gas station check-outs, since the dork used it at school all the time.
Alright. So these ain’t the underlings any more.
Gabriel and Kali’s reception is in one huge tent, tall enough that it towers over Rufus’ Avalugg by what has to be three times its height. Any possible awkwardness that could have come out of the guest list dissipates, turning into the biggest, loudest party Dean’s ever been to. He’s getting too old for this shit, but Gabe keeps running around screaming at people that they’re not having a sufficient amount of fun, so fuck it. Dean’s gonna have fun.
Time, and going against what his nature’s been for his entire life.
He stands up, and starts pacing the length of the kitchen. None of this is coming naturally to him, and he’s gotta keep himself distracted so he doesn’t lose his nerve. “Think I’m realizing, though,” he says, Vaporeon at his heels, confused but trailing anyway, “it’s not about need. It’s about who I
Their surroundings aren’t too notable. Big bushy pine trees crowd in on the road at all sides, thickening out even further as you go farther down into the woods; the road’s looked pretty similar to this for hours. Not anything Dean hasn’t seen a hundred, a thousand, times out here on the road, but still beautiful against a slate-gray sky that promises rain.
him more than Cas; there never has been.
Dean’s brain practically goes offline at the thought of Cas
“So you’re like the angel whisperer or something?”
afraid of something that comes up to his ankles, no sir, but he still backs up a step.
At first, Dean doesn’t want to answer it. He knows he’s a social guy, he knows how to lay on the slick charm and make a real connection alike, but it’s all been leeched out of him. People leave you, for good, or you have to leave them. It’s just not worth it.
She bounces to her feet after that, like her little speech was equally as casual as all the other shit she says. “Thaaat’s enough chick flick moments for the week,” she sighs, and pats Dean’s cheek. Her fingers are still sticky with jam. “I’m sure I’ll be back soon to witness the horrifically adorable display that is you and my brother. Thanks for lunch!”
“Everywhere.” Jack takes a big bite of his salad, nonchalant. “A couple of thousand universes? Cas can probably describe it better than I can.” He talks with his mouth full. “Did you show him who’s in the basement yet?”
out to the car once before, and Bobby had to help me out.” There’s a pause, a long one, where Dean’s mouth flops open uselessly a couple of times, but no words can fill that kind of quiet. “I just got you back, Dean.”
Ah, shit. “Not only —” Dean starts, but he stops before he can get any further. Not because he doesn’t mean it, just because Cas is staring, blue and squinty-eyed, into the distance, and he’s learned that when Cas looks like that trying to interrupt him is totally pointless.
“Guy didn’t even bother to write you a thank-you note after — you know — me?” Dean sputters out — smooth — because after all, Michael was supposed to ride his ass until the end of time. You’d think he’d appreciate the rescue mission to the Pit, and all.
,” Gabe sing-songs, once she stops kissing Kali.
The only place he’s going is in front of the diner, though, fishing out his cell phone and a business card. “Hi, can I speak to Nurse Masters?” he asks, as pleasantly as possible.
. There’s nothing violent in his rhythm, but it’s fierce enough to send Dean’s whole body into a frenzy of pleasure. Cas slides up against Dean’s prostate easy with every pass; Dean’s toes curl, tight. Cas’ hips snap, a dirty stuttered rhythm almost enough to bring Dean off on its own.
, they kiss. It tastes like sweat and heat and them, together, and it’s messy just like the sheets of his bed and hell, the entire cabin right now with shattered glass all over the floor, but it’s also just as awesome. There are hands all over him, and when Cas slides down to mouth over the pulse in his neck, lick over his chest, bite his nipples and hipbones — it still feels heated and
Eventually, they find themselves outside a completely unremarkable apartment building. It takes ‘em longer than it should, because Vaporeon keeps interrupting Espeon to jump in front of her path and roll around together, but Dean can’t find it in him to get annoyed. Staraptor keeps giving them the stink-eye, but it’s at least her
“Breeeee,” she responds, her eyes huge. She always has the best advice.
But as Cas pushes his palm against the werewolf's head and smites the poor bastard, it digs iron-colored claws into the tan fabric and
One of those frowns Cas gets when he’s reminded of how deeply unfair the world can be spreads out over his face. “There is nothing wrong or
his coat, pops into his mind. It’s unpleasant for another reason. “What –”
He still has to say it. “I know about the shit they can do to you, and not just downstairs. It — I didn’t blame you. I’m glad we both got another chance.”
“Shit, that’s good,” Dean gasps, rearing back. It’s a fucking great view under him, the heaving rise and fall of Castiel’s chest spotted with white, thighs spread right open. Castiel’s eyes are shut, his lips popped open and practically fluttering. He looks as intense about coming all over both of them, even while he’s still squirming with want, as he does about everything else.
“Wanna play Monopoly? Could get Jody if you want,” he asks. He’s pretty sure Cas can see right through his bullshit faux cheeriness, and the angel even narrows his eyes at him before nodding his head, once. Cas doesn’t ask, though.
Castiel was a bit anxious at the idea of doing this. The denim against his cock had hurt, and it seemed overly sensitive and too hot between his legs. But Dean slides back, and forward, and it’s just skin on skin, easy and smooth even as it’s stuttered.
Shit.
“I know,” he gasps. “I know you’re not him, and I – I’m not gonna – just let me do this, man. It’s the only chance I’m ever gonna get.”
The burst splatters against Terrakion’s side. Dean grimaces. Terrakion’s a Rock-type; Water-type moves should hit her hard.
Then Dean ended up here. Where he trods down to the dungeon every day to talk to a creature from another universe that he can’t even look in the eye. Something that carries the name Castiel, but isn’t what Dean needs, or who he should have been telling this to all along.
all over Facebook, but – she never knew she could love anything, anyone, this much. But Jack is her son, and he saved her. Saved her again and again. Even without that, she’d fight the world to keep him safe.
; if those Pokemon were actually causing harm, it would lead to mass slaughter, one that Pokemon would likely win in the end with brute force. They’d inherit a devastated world, a completely undesirable one.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, and Dean blinks.
“Really good morning,” Dean repeats, and rolls onto his side so he can embrace Cas from that angle. Cas has always noticed how much Dean craves physical contact, but he couldn’t imagine the ecstasy involved in receiving his touches constantly. The synapses inside his human brain fire off enough oxytocin and dopamine to drown him. What’s left of his wings flutters joyously.
*****
“That’s what you get for separating me from my jalapeños,” Cas says, almost primly. He presses one last kiss to Dean’s lips, chaste but warm, and then thuds back down into bed.
Now, though, Dean keeps his eyes ahead. They’re trained on the other man, but out of the corner of his eye – those are definitely others approaching him,
Dean’s got his fingers weaving into Castiel’s hair, then, tugging his head up gently just so they can meet eyes. Before, Castiel was so preoccupied with Dean’s soul – a beacon in the Pit, and even brighter on Earth – that he couldn’t see how beautiful the man himself was, not often. “You get it, right?” his plump lips say. “I just want one fucking good thing to happen to someone before…”
“Go! I’ll hold them off!” the voice calls out.
“All the residents of this building have to clean this garden on certain weeks. We have a schedule,” Cas says.
is your biological sibling, by right of being a legendary Pokemon? A true family reunion with the three of us would be
Dean spends a noisy lunch with Charlie and Benny; the two of them are obviously comfortable with each other, constantly laughing and poking at each other over an abundance of inside jokes. Benny shows Dean videos of highly-trained Stoutlands on his phone, expertly rounding up Mareep and Flaaffy by the biggest power plants.
She keeps offering him these odd, peering glances, but thank God she doesn’t actually ask anything else, just takes one look at his key and briskly walks over to be the biggest storage locker of them all.
Cas knows Dean’s face so well that he should be used to it by now. And yet, every time he focuses his sight on Dean’s gilt visage, it steals the breath from his lungs. He feels his heart stutter. Such things should not affect an angel, Cas knows, but he’s also long past caring.
cheesy, so he reaches his hand out and takes Cas’ in his own. That’s how they walk through the nursery together. Vaporeon isn’t leaving her wet footprints behind Dean, and Cas’ Staraptor doesn’t circle above their heads in her eternal quiet judgment, but for right now, it’s alright. The two of them together, it’s more than alright.
“Well, this ain’t Shopping Mall Nine. We’re not here to turn a profit. We’re supposed to be taking care of the Pokemon.” Dean’s heart hasn’t stopped thudding way too fast since he walked in. No one else he knows is around.
“I feel you on that one,” Dean says. Vaporeon’s crawled out of the water by now, and under the crook of his arm. She flicks her tail back and forth, spattering the three of them with water droplets.
The wind’s really picking up now, and the snow’s gone icy; it’s like little needles are constantly buffeting Dean’s face, scraping it with every gust. Risa got more dumplings, and he’s cradling the bowl in his hands to stay just a little bit warm. He stays outside anyway, though, smiling even. “Yeah, sure.”
Dean glares and pushes on. “The second Cas found me in Hell, I turned his life to shit. He cared about Sam too, Mom and all our friends, but everything terrible that happened to him, that was all on me. He gave up
Dean gets a stupid idea later, but he can’t shake it out of his head, not when he’s with the people in Cas’ family who matter the most to him. “I wanna meet Naomi,” he says. He’s trying to keep it casual, but it’s practically an announcement. Cas raises one eyebrow way up, then immediately goes back to eating. It’s the only reaction he gets.. Great start. “I’m serious, I do! She clearly meant a lot to you, a lot to all of you guys. And y’all are great, so – maybe I wanna meet Naomi too.”
Dean’s got no idea where Mewtwo’s going. Even with Cas’ freaky powers, he’s probably got no idea either. But God, it
“Yeah?”
Dean gets distracted by a hard poke on his arm. Meg. “Ow,” he snaps, rubbing at the place where she more or less smacked him.
“Good.”
The smile on Jack’s face vanishes. Worry darkens his expression; it’s a weird look on a kid who hasn’t cracked thirteen years old yet. “I’m not here to taunt you,” he says. He sounds almost – hurt.
Everyone stares at Cas. Cas glares right back.
The shift in his voice tells Dean the answer to his next question. But he asks it anyway. “Everything?”
“It’s been a tough year,” Krissy sighs. The diamond around her neck catches the pink light blinking in the bar.
“Certain legendary Pokemon can and do take a human form. You and your sister, you are – well, you’re you. But you also happen to be Latios and Latias.”
“Hey, Luke.” Dean smiles, even if it’s still fucking hard to do so with his head so dizzy. “You know, the villains in movies
Alex Jones waits in one of the chairs. Mary must react in surprise; when Alex notices her, she gives a tiny wave, then moves into the empty seat next to her.
Anna goes pale, suddenly. “Speak of the devil,” she says, pushing her phone forward. It’s buzzing, jumping off the table she placed it on with every vibration.
“I’m for your protection, not hers,” Flagstaff adds. Garchomp shakes himself awake at Flagstaff’s words, slicing his arm fins back and forth through the air like flags on display. Not really as intimidating as it could be when he was practically taking a nap at the wall a couple of seconds earlier.
He’s halfway up the hill to the safe area, when he realizes there’s someone hot on his heels. He wheels around, clutching the Cubone to protect them, but that protection isn’t necessary. It’s Amy, who’s carrying the rest of the babies up the hill with him.
He’s not messing up this time, though, not going to hear any of Cas’ frustrated huffs of breath. He digs through the duffel, again, and has to stupidly grin when he pulls out the first toy he’s gonna try.
Dean turns to look at him, instead of the cold sea. Cas looks good, no little wrinkle between his eyes, smile barely turning up the corners of his lips. “Not to me,” Dean says. “I don’t know what to do with my whole life out there in front of me. I’ll keep waiting for the other shoe to drop, I know it, Cas.”
“Don’t knock it ‘til you try it, I always say.”
. Whatever’s causing the distortion in the middle is much denser than it looks.
motion. “But I saw Michael –”
Cas gives him a filament of a smile. “I’m starting to think I’m not like the cops anywhere.”
“It’s just eggs.” He’s smiling anyway.
“You’ve done a fine job so far.” Compliments from Castiel are the last thing Dean expects, especially in that tone. “Not that I have much to compare it to.”
It’s stupid, but Dean feels a pang of jealousy. There’s no Sam for Dean to just up and call.
Cas, for his part, just lifts up the corner of the bedsheets. Dean’s heartbeat kicks up until the point where it’s little more than a buzz rattling inside him.
And then he’s sopping wet, suspended by an enormous spout of water. Vaporeon’s in the pool gathered in the big room, paddling furiously while causing two huge geysers to hold up not only Dean but also Benny and his Herdier. “Knew I loved that gal!” Benny shouts, Herdier barking in support.
“Congrats,” Dean tells them, to a crisp nod in return. From Gordon, that’s a win.
Dean, somehow. He has known him a thousand times. Castiel lives inside this soul already, a tiny white-blue heartbeat beating continuously inside the gorgeous panoply.
“We’ll find them,” Cas says. Dean knows Cas is just as aware as he is of Mt. Coronet’s size, but he sounds determined, at least. “Thank you, Naomi.” Might as well be saying
Sam’s lips purse, unnaturally flat. “They’re both gone, Mom.” Mary moves to put a hand on his shoulder for comfort, but Sam continues before she can touch him. “I mean – they’re really
“I know,” Dean murmurs, hoping Donna and her Wigglytuff aren’t listening too closely. “Problem is, I got no idea.” He keeps picking his way through the absolute mess, though, looking for the jackpot he’s stupidly hoping for.
“No one knows how you survived,” Anna says, answering the question Dean’s been too damn nervous to ask. Joy looks a little deflated that someone beat her to the punch. “No one should have came out of that alive. Only Marv –” She doesn’t need to say any more. Dean thinks he should feel worse about that, no matter how horrible the guy was.
Dean should’ve teased Cas, he figures, should’ve tried long and slow licks over his hole before he screwed his tongue inside. But Cas’ need is getting to him too, and his shoulders jut forward again and again. His hips and thighs ache. He’s already exhausted.
“You gotta stop,” Dean manages to wheeze out eventually, even while electricity dances along his spine and in the space low in his stomach. “I – that feels good, so good, but I’m like forty –”
With the leaves still billowing up, Tropius drifts back to the ground. He careens, really, his path back to firm land drifting this way and that through the air. If they all get through this okay, he’s gonna need a long stint in the closest Pokemon Center. He’s heaving out every breath, the char marks on his skin shuddering with his inhalations and flaking off in ashes. That’s never a good sign for a Grass Pokemon.
The other Woobat clump around their wayward littermate and coo
It’s closeness and comfort like Dean can rarely remember. He digs his nose into the crook of Cas’ neck. They breathe together; their hearts beat together.
The next time Cas fixes Dean in the eye and grunts out, “I must go,” Dean thinks,
“This is very unpleasant,” Cas agrees, appearing out of nowhere behind them like always. His arms are heaped with clothes, the pile so high Dean can’t see his mouth and only the bridge of his nose is visible. “These are clean, however.”
“I’m so sorry,” Cas says when they break apart, moving up his own hands to hold Dean’s face now. Dean hears the fight; he can even smell it, burning smoke wafting up into the sky serving as a warning. But this is an oasis. His flicker of light in the darkness. He needs it.
slumps. “That’s when I realized that’s all they were. They were counting. Checking numbers. Looking for… the missing number.”
“It is going to be okay.”
But hey, whether it’s fighting rugarus or watching out for Sammy when his dad went on a hunt or stopping the apocalypse, Dean likes to be prepared if possible. Add in that prep in this case consisted of going to a sex shop with a boyfriend who happened to have invisibility powers, and Dean basically turned into a (very grown-up) boy scout.
She pouts. “I think
And that’s when Dean notices Vaporeon’s missing. “
“Yeah, everything interesting happens at this time of night anyway,” Dean says as way of greeting, as he pads over to the refrigerator, pulls it open easily, and wraps his fingers around three beers.
“Fine,” he grumbles. “I — a lot happened. That’s really all I can say about it, Sammy.” Dean offers Sam a half-cringing shrug, because it’s
Takes ‘em both a while, but eventually, the endorphins fade away and something like consciousness swims back. “That was acceptable,” Cas says, voice still juddering in the afterthroes of orgasm. “I’d upgrade it to good, even.”
“They’re beautiful.”
Cas has been tense this whole time, by Dean’s side. He’s shifted around way too much, and clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder like he desperately needed to draw his strength. But now, Cas goes stiff as the cave wall. Dean can’t see too many other people in the group he came with, but he suspects they’re reacting similarly.
“Please.”
“You seein’ this, Vaporeon,” he asks. He doesn’t take his eyes off the sight in front of him, but he hears a happy trill in response. Even Staraptor outright coos.
“I don’t —”
“Fine now,” Dean grunts, tossing the coat back at Cas. “Let’s go.”
“Oh, I know what you’re thinking,” Gabriel says, once she’s torn into another big piece of the red, drippy bread. A big blob of whipped cream falls on her plate, and she cleans it up with her finger and licks that finger off. Charming. “It’s true, though. Poor sad orphans, spurned by our shitty adoptive father, found the only authority figure we thought we
“He’s even weirder than I am.” He’s never gonna get used to that wicked smile across her mouth, more a slash than a smile even, but he still isn’t used to having actual
very touching.”
Delta’s quiet at that. Too quiet.
“Weird world.” And yeah, she’s still got that same smile, the one Dean can’t help but return. Sure, he’s a little freaked by the angel ESP, but there are some forces out there where it’s good to have them on your side, and Dean doesn’t doubt that in this world, one of them is Anna.
Other than Sammy, and
“Dean,” Cas says, sounding pained. He starts stroking Vaporeon’s back very purposefully, like that stretch of scales could alleviate any stress he’s feeling from both his hard-ass sorta-mom and his completely tactless boyfriend. “She’s a good woman. She protected me. She’s the one who truly raised most of the people I love the most in the world.” The way Cas has his gaze screwed tight on Dean makes him flush. “She
So Castiel heals him. He aches to wipe every imperfection from Dean’s body, but Righteous Man or not, he’s still a soul stuck in humanity, and there’s still evil out there.
Dean finds himself observing a group of ten kids or so. They’ve all got big white helmets and are carrying bone-shaped clubs, too. The parents are there, watching them, but Dean’s not sure what kind of parents dress their children up as a Pokemon known for
about us.”
Dean’s never been one for words when there are actions to
No one’s gonna save him. And no one can save Cas from Dean’s mistakes.
“That’s – okay, I can say it,” Dean admits. “It’s adorable.”
Cas looks around. “You’re in the hospital,” he says, in a tone that makes it very clear how evident he considers that statement. “I’d prefer you anywhere else.”
“Great.” Jody cracks open the fridge and starts rooting around for something to eat. Dean notices she doesn’t even try to come in between the two of them and the eggs and bacon. He’s oddly touched, warmed by something that has nothing to do with his closeness to Cas, but also a little embarrassed at how obvious they probably are. “I got an early start this morning, as you can see. So did he, believe it or not.” Grotle’s snoozing in a corner of the kitchen, his snoring sounds lifting and falling away. “You can get out of here when you’re done eating, if you want.”
He twirls up through the air, a black ribbon undulating this way and that to avoid the barrage of leaves. There’s so much of it, though, and now some of the trees are getting caught up in the green-flecked tornado. Their roots snag in his scales and he moans, loud enough that some of them on the ground below have to stumble to keep their balance.
sounds ridiculous, but that’s the only word to describe the jackwagons that gather together outside the mall at night. No kids are around, and no guards either, and the gangs run wild, accompanied by the metallic roar of their motorcycles.
“A mother-son duo,” Rowena repeats, and drifts over to Crowley’s side. She slings her arm around his shoulders, only her nails bite hard into his shoulder. Whatever point she’s trying to make, it’s taken. “We’ve got
“Awesome. Take your shirt off first.”
, that’s gone out the window) and walking soldier-stiff, just so Dean doesn’t fall to his knees and crumble apart with all he’s seen. All he sees.
In the end, that’s what’s going to matter.
The next thing he’s aware of, there’s a hand on his cheek and another hand clutching at his own. At some point, he must have sunk down into a chair at the kitchen table and laced his fingers together. He’s looking straight down, and got a good view of the floor. When he dares to glance up, though, Mary’s face – she’s open, warm, really smiling.
Now, he’s got his hand on Dean’s arm, warm and close and safe and weirdly dwarfed by his clothing. But it’s that same expression, forward and fierce like his Staraptor. “I remember everything.” His eyes go wide. “You were amazing –”
Pokemon to do harm.”
“Imagine what I could do for you if
Dean understands that too. More than anyone, he’s pretty sure. It’s been a couple of years since John was laid to rest, at last, and Dean still feels the stamp of him all over in almost every damn thing he does. He still walks like he’s trying to impress him; he still dresses in the plaid and boots John kept them in like a uniform. Even with his tattoos meaning what they do to him, he still feels stupidly ashamed of them, because John hated them. Bitterness wells in his mouth when he thinks of his dad, but he still
It was another one of those conversations that left him feeling slightly disoriented, as if everyone had been presented with a manual on how to behave correctly at birth except for him. Or he had gotten the manual as well, but he lost it when he lost his memory, and there was no new one to find. He doesn’t mind it, most of the time, because he wasn’t lying when he told Dean he led a good life. A good, settled, safe life.
“You are very badass, Dean.”
“Dean!” He manages to lift his head to see Sam running toward him. Maybe he should be embarrassed about his red eyes, the skid of tear tracks on his cheeks, his tight grip on Vaporeon like she’s his offspring, but fuck that. They’re so lucky to be alive, all of them. Dean’s gonna fuckin’ cry if he wants to. “How in the world –”
“I know you worried about it, corrupting me. You worried you ruined my life.” Dean’s preoccupation with this made little sense to Cas, considering his lack of respect for angels overall, but Cas had always been touched by how much he cared. And Dean’s many idiosyncrasies were so much of why he fell for him, sudden and slow at once and like nothing he had ever experienced. “You talked about it with the other version of me. But Dean, you are the best part of my life.”
“You’re right.”
in them. He’s never fought sweaty and dirty like Mary has, never been in a brawl. He has never known fear, not the kind a human would ever bring him.
Not like it’s not deserved. Just mentioning Sam’s name, and seeing the way Gordon stuck so close to his sister — Cas has told him he doesn’t have to eat or drink anything here, but something in his stomach
Delta’s eyes are enormous. “I helped bring Lucas back, with Abaddon.” Dean blinks at how upfront the admission is, before fury sweeps through his body. “We had the powers. It was me. I never thought it would turn out this way –”
. She wears puffy overstylized blouses and pencil skirts and everything.
“How long’ve you been watching?” Dean asks, interrupting his own thoughts; he’s not sure where the hell he was going with that line of thinking anyway.
“Just like that,” Cas says, in a tone that makes Dean duck his head so Cas can’t see his cheeks warming up. They’re on a bus, in public. He’s not gonna think of Cas saying that in
to be tough. If anyone can get through it, though, it’s us. No one I’d rather have with me on anythin’ in the world.” He lets a smile, a real one, pass across his face. “Worst comes to worst, at least you’re a shoo-in to win the costume contest when Charlie invites us back to one of her LARP parties.”
Inais pinches the vial between two fingers, his mouth expanding into a gummy smile. “How did you do this, sister?” Ever since Anna showed up, he’s been walking around practically glowing, and honestly, knowing angels and all their weird shit (and Dean has one in his bed every night — there’s
Dean clicks the vibration on, and he has two seconds before Cas screams, arching up into a hard line of need and want and heat and love and fucking everything, emptying himself out onto his skin again. He’s lucky Cas learned to hold himself back when they first started doing this, so he doesn’t blow out Dean’s eardrums and the windows alike, but it still rips a hard throb through his own body. The raw hot
The ride back to the bunker is just as quiet as the way there, and somehow even more tense. Dean knows the good kind of tension with Cas, but this ain’t it. Things had been easy and great when he first showed up, but the second they hit the dungeon and Castiel got involved, it got – weird. The kissing, and how easily Cas had gone along with Castiel’s plan without saying a word to Dean, and now his silence.
Something about Dean is beautiful, even. That’s not an appropriate word for a man, but it applies to Dean. Dean, and his eyes, hard-set as they are most of the time, and his plush lips, the easy rise of his cheekbones. Emmanuel flicks his eyes over to him and, just for a second, it will be like catching a glimpse of someone backlit by a very bright spotlight. It pains him in that instant, but he cannot look away.
As the saying goes, you can’t bullshit a bullshitter. And Cas isn’t lying, Dean can tell, he truly isn’t. Why that makes his chest feel like it might cave in, Dean can’t say.
“You bleeding heart,” Dean shoots back, grinning all the way.
“Sammy, you can’t — you gotta let me go too, I can’t think that you’re out there and I’m here and you could just —”
Dean bites back nervous laughter. He still can’t quite figure out Claire, just that she spends most of her time talking to the angels in hushed tones and glaring at anyone who tries to butt into the conversation, but he knows that he takes her awfully seriously for whatever reason. “What do you say?” he asks Sam.
“Naomi is… difficult to get along with,” Uriel says at last, “but respect her and she’ll respect you.” There’s definitely a soft snort from Anna’s direction; Dean tries his best to ignore it.
right in Cas’ throat, and not when the kiss gets deeper with every thrust.
He eases the toy into himself at one end. It’s not having Cas fuck him, the warmth of Cas’ body over his own and the funny, still mostly unpracticed stutter of his hips, but there’s still that slow stretch and burn. The car reeks like sex, and the rain outside taps heavy against the roof and windows, and Dean has to practically clamp a hand around one of Cas’ ankles so he doesn’t fuck onto the toy hard.
“Do you understand what that’s supposed to mean?”
about this particular Aurorus. His skin catches the light with every shift of his body, but all the light’s been leeched out of his deep blue eyes. “Oh, I’m sorry,” Nancy says. “Sam is on leave.”
“Whirlwind, Staraptor,” he orders. An enormous gust of wind tears through the area, spewing dirt. It’s hard enough to send the passed-out Graveler rolling down the hill. Some of the goons attempt to flee, but it isn’t any use. They practically spray through the air and land with heavy thuds on the ground. Most of them don’t move once they’ve hit the dirt, which brings grim satisfaction to Dean.
They don’t say anything else, just shiver together and watch the sunrise. The cold of the morning is a welcome cold, even if it means another day out trying to kill evil black slime monsters and save the world. When Sam comes out, already in fatigues, he just nods at them, and the sky, going a brilliant orange.
Together, Dean and Crowley head down and down and down through the hallway. No wonder no one used it; it’s empty and seemingly endless. Crowley walked slowly, too damn slowly, but his steps still clanked against the floors with every step he took. “So, you guys from around here?” Dean asks, hoping there’s just enough irreverence coating his words.
have to change.
“Distracting us isn’t going to work,” Anna says, in a tight voice that Dean’s never heard from her before. Even Pidgeot’s looking at Gabriel with his head slightly askew, the proud look in his eyes cranked up to fury. “You’ve got a
“A housefly can hum in the key of F,” Cas informs, out of nowhere and rather gravely. “That’s amazing, I don’t know how to manipulate this body to hum at all.”
Dean’s got no idea if that’s a good thing or a bad thing, but he has to
Dean can’t help the laugh that blurts out of his mouth. “You’re really not the only one who needs to work on that.”
“Let him keep my old girlfriend’s knife and everything,” Meg adds.
Charlie, of course, likes to say that the nursery’s newfound success is entirely due to her new logo. It’s pretty hard to forget. Jody’s Grotle is on it, Pokemon resting at his feet while tiny baby Flying-types perch on his back. But dead center is Tessa’s Absol, staring straight forward as a challenge. He’s sitting right on top of the logo, paws curled around baby Pokemon, protecting them.
“Haven’t heard much about Crowley lately,” Meg pouts, at one point during the meeting. “He’s way underground. In Canada, I hear. Guess I could dangle Castiel to get his ugly hide to show up, but Precious Moments is just too useful. Can’t go risking him.”
Dean’s laughing at something or other when he signs off, until he finds himself staring back at his own reflection as the screen powers down. Ain’t a bad reflection, he knows that. But it is a lonely one, a lot of the time.
“Yes,” Cas says, wryly, like he totally went back on his promise not to read Dean’s mind.
He fits his lips over the tight little circles of Cas’ nipples, sucking carefully at first before he nibbles them harder, enjoying the stiffness of them against his tongue. “Dean,” Cas groans, both impatient and thick with pleasure.
, Dean’s response was to beg for Cas to just end him, because he couldn’t deal with knowing he’d caused disappointment like that. He never asked for Castiel’s devotion, not like that; how could he, and how could anyone live up to that, nevertheless him?
A Pokemon leaps in front of him and takes the blast.
Dean’s known Cas for a long-ass time, now, and he’s never been so afraid of an imminent smiting. “Get on with it,” he offers up, voice all throat. Dean takes just a minute to stare down at him, hair all chaotic and chest flushed and dick fucking glossy with both their wetness, before he crouches down again.
with that – but they also had Missingno on their side.”
Cas actually just nods and moves off easily. Dean stands awkwardly for a couple of minutes in the middle of the coat section, looming above the drab colors, before he decides it’s probably a bad idea to just leave Castiel in the changing area with no one around.
It turns out Cas didn’t lose his love for board games, and Sam somehow got a whole shelf of ‘em. Dean shoves Sorry! in the back because he’s not quite ready for that; he pulls out Monopoly instead, grinning. “Did they have this, at…” He doesn’t finish his question by saying
It’s perfect. It’s absolutely perfect.
for as long as he’s been gone, Dean.”
There’s another knock on the door a few days later. Dean doesn’t even want to answer it, unless it’s Cas there with an explanation and apology. It’s probably Uriel again, there to give Dean a piece of his mind. He wouldn’t even be wrong.
He sticks close to Cas, who’s remaining silent. Dean’s not sure if it’s tension between them, or awkwardness. Or maybe the tension broke, and there’s nothing left now. Inside the center, when it was just the two of them, it was so easy, but now he’s wondering if he was imagining all of it –
If the situation was more normal, Dean might’ve asked Cas out. Not even necessarily on a date, because honestly, he needs
about liking that crap, and God knows they needed some levity. But then Sam had leveled him with a look, pointed his finger in Dean’s direction, and said, “You still know who he
. Dean doesn’t feel like he’s asleep, exactly, but like he’s caught in that dream where he’s careening off the cliff. All the e-mails he sent to Sam bounce back. Cas acts like he doesn’t remember what happened outside Shopping Mall Nine. Dean’s got a couple of scattered puzzle pieces in front of him, but no idea what the main picture he’s working on should look like in the end.
Either way, it must show on his face. Alicia grabs him by the arm and pulls him to the kitchen. God, last time he saw her – but now she’s absolutely hauling his ass around. Fear shudders its way through Sam’s nerves.
One of them is Tamara, because call Meg what you want and God knows he’s tossed some of the more colorful words in his vocabulary at her, but
“Probably not,” Cas agrees, as they both look out at the darkness, sinking to wait for them and floating up to meet them at once. Nothing good, yeah. “We should — going back into the forest is likely our best option.”
“Don’t think I would’ve seen this again without you,” Dean says to Cas, their shoulders knocking together. “Thanks.”
The long ride to Detroit begins, and it’s comfortably loud in the car, the landscape passing by in a blur. It’s sunny outside, and the brightness blurs together with the pale wheat of the roadside. This is the closest to Heaven Castiel has been in a very long time, he feels.
Her annoyance mostly vanishes when Dean walks into the kitchen. Cas trails behind him; he’s got one hand clapped over Dean’s shoulder for no reason Kelly can figure out. They’ve both got half a foot of height on her, are broad and thick with muscle, and could probably murder her with the cereal box before she knew what was happening. It’s still kind of adorable.
Zebstrika bumps his hand, as if expressing her solidarity, and wouldn’t you know, the girl still sets off this prickle of static electricity, and the hair on his arm stands on end. Dean doesn’t mind it.
“Sure,” Dean responds, throwing a smile across his face. It’s not very genuine, mostly because he’s awfully fucking tired and there have been so many other times when Sam could’ve asked, but it’s there.
“When he did that, his powers – he wasn’t used to them. He tore open the path to another universe. And then a few… thousand… more, when he tried to get us all back.”
Dean doesn’t say anything for a while. He just keeps
. Blushing and hungry and exhausted and yet still buzzing from his orgasm, wanting and needing and amazed at humanity and how they survive all of this, every day, how it is their normal.
It’s probably for the best if the nursery turns him down. He wants to think he could be like Mary, and Sam turned out alright for a dweeb giant, but he always thought of Sam as a lot more well-adjusted than he ever was. John likely messed him up when it comes to taking care of almost anything. He’s got Vaporeon, and somehow he didn’t manage to screw her up, and he’ll care fiercely for her. That’s all he needs.
, that he’s marked by this night somehow. His thoughts shimmer with endorphins and morning light.
Dean savors that thought.
At this point, Sam’s actively pushing his plate away. Probably wants to distance himself just as much from this conversation. Still, he asks, “But why…
“This ain’t gonna do much for my badass rep.”
loosely, either.
Cas is actually cringing as he settles into one of Dean’s chairs. Great. “I really am sorry about –”
Even though Dean saw them at the interview, Dean’s not surprised at just how many rows of stalls there are for Cubone. He always liked the little guys.
he hears somewhere above his head. But it’s nothing compared to the way something in his chest actually swells up when there’s a crunch and glass tinkles to the floor, a few feet away.
require it.”
, after all. Only, this situation’s about ten thousand paces off “normal,” thanks.
. Whimsicott could kick their ass any day.”
Dean beams. “Man after my own heart.” The smile collapses when he realizes how accurate that statement is.
in his own spindly handwriting. The title isn’t exactly accurate, since songs Cas would consider old date from before human existence, but he figures it will amuse Dean.
“How long?”
Cas takes a minute to respond, in which Sam and Dean and Mary are entirely silent, Jack chews loudly, and Kelly frantically moves her head back and forth from her son to the rest of the table. Seriously, Dean’s had some fucking
“Keep it,” Dean tells her. “I don’t – I don’t really need that any more. You guys might, some time down the line.”
Staraptor takes to the air from Dean’s shoulder. “You don’t have to –” he’s shouting, but she’s practically glowing with the thrill of battle. Every flap of her wings blows the dust out of the way for a few seconds before it creeps right back in, but it gives her an advantage anyway. She wrenches her claws into the hide of a Tyranitar, keeps hold even through the Rock Pokemon uselessly flailing her arms at her, then topples her to the ground.
Claire wanted to check in with Jody in person anyway, she’d told herself. Taking a little trip with a pretty and cool hunter girl was just a bonus.
‘em. Nerd.
“Yes.” Dean turns around, because Cas of all people said that. When Dean meets his eyes, Cas holds his gaze in balance for a few seconds, only to turn away and start walking through the woods back to the car.
than actual laughter, but it’s alive and that’s what matters.
. Can’t imagine what it’s like for you, seeing all this. I can leave you with Flagstaff, you know she could kick my ass any day of the week…”
Truth be told, Emmanuel realizes, that’s why he’s felt so comfortable next to him, even though his first impression of the other man was throwing another body off his own and brandishing a blood-soaked knife. Emmanuel barely recognizes the ache behind his eyes – he has an extremely high pain threshold, and has not experienced much like it before – but that moment when it washes over to awe makes it worth it. The heated look in Dean’s gaze, however weary and beaten-down, settles a warm craving right into him, the likes of which he has never felt before.
Dean’s understandably not thinking of that, though, which is why it’s such a surprise when he practically gets a faceful of Woobat turning a corner.
“I’ve heard you’re brutal.” Her eyes and wings flick in the direction of the long window in her throne room. The body of the angel that Mary fought, it’s still out there. “And then I saw it myself. As for whether that’s a good or a bad thing – I suppose it depends on your point of view.”
The Jirachi figurines are the closest sign of Mary. Even though they’re closely connected to Hoenn’s myths, not Unova’s, Jirachi is the most common figurine in the storage locker. Most of the little papers attached to their tiny hats are torn off, and they’ve probably been gone a long time. Dean gets it. Jirachi, the legends say, woke up every thousand years for a week and granted you any wish you wanted. All Dean would have asked for was his mom alive and his family together, and he knows Dad couldn’t even get angry at him for that either.
about it, but he knows that’s unfair. Especially considering the relief it is right now.
him, not blown to bits, not screaming blue light.
still echoes in his head. In Dean’s more shameful moments, he dares to think that maybe Cas was addressing just one of them before he spoke to all of them.
“Don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” Dean tries to say, but the end of his sentence is nearly bitten down because Cas all but throws himself into sucking Dean off. And it’s fucking
They had a big backyard for the Pokemon to run around in. Dean remembers the ridiculous poses the family used to put themselves in: Sam with an Emolga on his head and Dean with a couple of cooing Chatots, or Dean pretending to shove Sam toward a Krookodile who was mugging it up for the camera by opening her huge jaws. What stood out in all those photos was how much everyone, from Dean himself to Dad to the Pokemon, smiled.
“I could use lunch.” There’s a wry smile on Cas’ face. Dean busies himself with throwing together a sandwich.
The joke’s terrible, he’s fully aware. Still, Rufus positively guffaws at it, which is predictable but welcome. Bobby’s not the guffawing type, but a genuine smile works its way across his mouth and into his eyes.
At that, Dean just goes
The words thrill Cas to his core. Dean’s open desire for everything about Cas is more than he could have ever asked for, and he has never felt something so wonderful in all the many eons he’s lived. He will never take it for granted.
They all crowd into the van. Naomi wasn’t kidding; the thing is huge. It’s more like a bus, and it easily fits all five of them and their Pokemon. Naomi drives for a long time, and there’s not a lot of talking. Her Gothitelle stares back at them, as if challenging them to speak up. Dean looks out the window, disheartened by how little of Village Bridge he recognizes now.
“What is –” Dean starts to ask the question, but when he looks ahead, he sees it. There’s a glint, off to the side. If it was only him that saw the glimmer, he’d assume he was imagining it, trying to conjure it out of sheer want. But Vaporeon saw it. And Vaporeon sure as hell knows water.
Whatever he felt, it had rattled his very brain inside his skull, seared his shoulder bright pink-red, filled him with terror and wonder alike. Within a year, that force would be his best friend. After a little more than a year, it’d be – well. Dean doesn’t think about it too much, except for how he can never
Dean wakes up and yep, he’s gotta shake his arm as discretely as he possibly can to get the feeling back in it. Cas grunts in return, and shoves back against him. Only it’s the easy curve of his bare ass right against Dean’s thigh, so it more wakes Dean up than annoys him.
. Dean hates how relieved he feels.
, and okay, maybe Dean had thought about draping the trenchcoat around his shoulders a couple of dozen times but it was suddenly
It’s possible
Cas ducks his head. “I think it all comes back to – peace or freedom. I asked you that, Dean. So long ago.”
“Sam Winchester? He might be in this dorm.”
“Didn’t really think angels get allergies.”
for anything he can get. He rubs his cheek against Castiel’s calves, because this is what he’s always been. Pathetic, needy for love even when it doesn’t exist.
“Would you believe me if I told you that you get used to it after a little while?” Sam takes the shirt from Dean, pinching it between two fingers carefully. His nose wrinkles when he notices the stain. He lets the shirt drop to the floor again, and Dean kicks it under the display case.
into Dean’s mouth with his tongue right now, hot and thrusting. Strangely enough, it gives him even more pleasure to note how sloppy the kiss is. Castiel feels the cringe in Dean’s body when their teeth knock against each other, but the sensation drops down Castiel’s spine just like their tongues licking together, just like Castiel’s matching reaction when the corner of Dean’s lips quirks up.
Mary takes a long look in the opposite direction. She thinks she can see a black speck on the horizon, but it’s probably just another rock formation. Time to go.
“Groudon and Kyogre?” Donna says, and Dean jolts. “That’s some impressive work on ‘em. Bet there’s a matching Rayquaza around here too. Got every other legendary, right?”
before and he’s done it, sat stiffly in a chair until the rise and fall of his breath was the only movement on him. Truthfully, even that seemed unnecessary.
at the thing.
and stretching the word out. “You can tell it’s one of the more deluxe lockers we offer.”
He’s not gonna join the people on the screen, miles and miles away, in crying. But he
They’ve got their own Pokemon, but when Dean moves forward to join the battle against them, he notices – oh God, no. These battlers in particular didn’t just
“I don’t need them, I’m
Dean’s not sure what that’s implying. But he knows he doesn’t like it, doesn’t like what the words or Castiel’s tone do to his emotions. The tornado’s coming for him now, with no regard for what it’s leaving in its wake.
The fight’s slowing down and thinning out. Lucas slinked off a while ago, and most of his followers went with him. A few of them are left, fighting the people who came with Dean.
Dean manages a smile. It’s a tired one, but there nevertheless. A camera or two clicks in the background, but Dean doesn’t care. “I can try.”
They make themselves decent, collect their Pokemon from the collective Pokemon room where at least one of Sam’s friends keeps guard throughout the night, and walk out to a verifiable smorgasboard. There are golden pancakes and waffles, plates piled high with bacon and greasy sausage. Dean doesn’t even wanna chance sitting down, because with the spread in the room, you might have to roll him out of it after.
. The tape starts rolling, and the first thing Dean sees is Claire bolting away, her braids bouncing with her wide strides. Her Noibat desperately flutters after her, until she snatches him out of the air to cradle him against her chest as she runs. The cops run after her, too, but she’s faster and so she gets away.
. It’s hot out, he tells himself.
Depictions of the Swords of Justice cross all of Unova. Thing is, in all of those paintings and carvings, those four Pokemon ended up looking like human nobility. They were never shown in motion, and they always had superior, snooty looks on their faces. Dean wondered how quadrupeds could possibly be Fighting-types, anyway.
all the time (which Dean never said shit in return to, because he knew Rufus was only humoring him) and Bobby gave him several approving grunts.
He practically rips them off. Pretty sure he set a record for quickest time he’s ever undressed.
They haven’t traveled far from Alastair, blasting Flying-type Pokemon out of the sky with his Mewtwo. He slaps a creepy, empty smile across his face when he sees Dean return. But Dean catches that flicker of doubt across his face, too. After all, Cas is with him, and he’s
serious, but the gravity of his words fizzles when accompanied by Fletchling and Fletchinder loop-de-looping through the air, and a smattering of Spearow screeching as they squabble over seed speckled across the ground. They never calm down unless Cas and Staraptor are in there.
Dean’s lucky he didn’t say
, and Dean did nothing to deserve that but he’s got the angel’s hand on his back urging him on anyway.
Sam keeps looking at him, so
, but – he’s going to deal with this later. He’ll deal with all of this later. “He’s no Sunshine Sally, but like I said. In his way, he helped.”
The trek takes them a while, but once they get closer to the light source, it’s obvious why it looks like it’s rising. The ground cuts out abruptly not far in front of them, leading to a long, long drop down. It’s impossible to make out any details from up on where they are, which is more or less a cliff, but there are definitely people milling around. A pretty sizeable group, too. They’ve got a bunch of artificial light sources, and the shadowy forms of Pokemon, indistinct from this far away, huddle around them.
Dean follows her. Sam waits a couple of beats, then asks, “What the hell happened there?”
him more than anything else has so far. He closes his eyes and he still sees nothing but that blue light, consuming everything.
Dean keeps waking up with a start from dreams where he’s diving off a precipice, his body clutched tight by a figure wearing Cas’ ill-fitting trenchcoat and streaked with blue. His mind churns over and over, it buzzes, demanding he wake up. Whenever his eyes do open, he usually discovers that he has two or three more hours to sleep. He isn’t sure if that’s a blessing or the opposite.
Even Cas’
It’s just a t-shirt and boxers, that’s
written on it in thick black marker.
Delta’s Zorua shifts into a Mew, and even though he doesn’t have the strength to stay in that form very long, he leads a bunch of kids on a damn joyous chase through the fray of the LARPers. By the time Zorua has to turn back to his real shape, the kids are already gawking over Vaporeon, who makes small makeshift water spouts sprout up around her, and Staraptor. Staraptor doesn’t appear to
Castiel notices the sky first. Only a few wispy clouds hover among the sweet cornflower blue, drifting slowly. The air is clean. There is no smog to obscure anything, and so when he looks out over the sparkling bay, he can see how mountain peaks lift gently up from the earth on the opposite side of the beach.
And then Dad started taking them on the road, what couldn’t have been much more than a year after Mary died. Two young kids and their Pokemon, shoved into tiny cramped rental cars. Dad drove them out a lot, on some half-hatched plan to catch whoever
Everything’s cramped, near-claustrophobic, but Dean doesn’t mind. Fuck, he likes it, how it pushes their skin together just to serve as an anchor. The tips of Cas’ fingers grip his palm, desperate already, and Dean should be thankful he’s not crushing the bones in his hand.
“Nah, you know I like those.” He returns the hint of a smile. “Not a response like that, I guess. A lecture. Or you tellin’ me everything’s gonna be okay. It’s… not. Or it’s gonna be a while before it is. Maybe never.”
Except not quite. “Your Vaporeon is very beautiful,” Cas says, a day or two later like they never dropped this line of discussion. Somehow, Dean’s not surprised this is how Cas handles talking to people, and he curses the stupid giddy kick in his gut. “Where did you catch her? You must be extremely skilled as a trainer to have one.”
“Dean, that doesn’t make –”
“So, overprotective boyfriend is a go.” He pauses, considering the world in front of him. It’s not Cas’ fault, but he feels like a speck here, in front of the tower. Unova seems like its own limitless galaxy, but it’s only a small slice of the world as a whole. Sam’s out there somewhere. He can’t stop
, all elbows and sharp knees that actually hurt when she dug in too hard with them. Claire found her drinking some ridiculous drink with a big slice of pineapple on the rim, even. It didn’t matter. She was drawn in instantly. Captivated, embarrassingly enough.
Naomi?”
. He hates that the more adrift Cas goes, the more he wants to haul him back in, and in the worst ways. Pain will bring him back because pain was the default for all of them; it’d pop the puffed-up balloon of Castiel’s new self so easily. Only, how do you hurt an angel, anyway?
He actually walks by the building the first couple of passes around the block, even though it’s huge. Standing out among all the houses is a big-ass warehouse, the cheap sheet metal of it rattling dangerously whenever the breeze picks up.
Cas’ eyes are huge in understanding. Fuck. “It’s alright,” he says, voice low and – ugh, he’s so
He sews in mostly silence, cringing when he pokes the needle through skin and when Sam grits his teeth and makes little half-gasps of pain. It’s on the meat of his forearm, too, the easiest part to patch up, but Dean’s heartbeat doesn’t stop thumping too fast until he stands back up, and Sam runs his finger over the new suture. The finger comes up clean, and Dean just nods to himself.
to be a true trainer at a gym. After that, I tried to be on her police staff for a bit, but I kept hearing those words. I didn’t last long there. It isn’t very fun to have an existential crisis at thirty, I’ll tell you that. To hear the confirmation of what you suspected all along, that what you’ve been doing your whole life was not for you.”
“Not on the menu,” Tamara adds.
Mewtwo’s still intimidating without the armor. No longer is he all expressionless chrome and steel, but that’s been replaced with unnaturally smooth curves and eyes fierce enough to burn. The eerie lights covered those eyes before, but now they’re visible, hard and sharp like the mask served to whet the knife.
Benny’s probably tired of hearing Dean grumble about it when he’s being cranky about Cas, but Dean doesn’t have anyone else who will listen to his griping. Charlie usually whacks him and tells him he’s being
Cas’ hand slips low, to stroke over the curve of Dean’s ass. “Alright. Not all of them. But you do have many charms.”
you. The idea of her, or Zachariah, or anyone else who could find out, using my family, friends, or
, but it’s not like I can think about being with anyone else — like, Risa! I’d be all over that in any other situation, you know that,” and he winces because he remembers he
Realization dawns on Dean’s face, a beautiful light through his tired visage. “Just thought it was my tape,” Dean murmurs as he flips it back and forth in his hands a couple of times. He chuckles, even more endearing than usual in his sleep-rough tone. “Nice title.”
Cas rolls his eyes in return, but there’s nothing mean about it. Not with his face lit up the way it is, not with the true smile on his face. Even in the harsh overhead light of the garage, Cas is beautiful. “Angels were never supposed to feel anything,” he says, pulling his fingers out. Dean hates how empty that leaves him. “But I know this more than anything else.”
“Constantly.” Cas lowers his hand again. His fingers got slippery with lube at some point. Again, angel. “It was very distracting. You generally are.”
“Cas, you’re good, you’re always good, but – I don’t.” Dean’s voice sounds funny to his ears. But not bad. Not at all. For once, nothing is bad here.
He laughs, and it’s acrid. Here’s his opportunity; he could’ve finally be honest. And what he’s got is nothing like what he needs.
Dragonspiral Tower, where they are, is still a marvel. Dean only saw it a couple of times, even though they spent
Lightning flashes, not too far in the distance now. One precise yellow strike puts Dean on edge as it spears against the ground, setting a copse of withered trees and dried grass into a bright flare of flames that the rain washes away in seconds. The wind carries the stink of ash through the air, right to him. Too close.
“Better’ve been all good stuff, Sammy,” Dean calls out to the front of the SUV.
They haven’t found any laundromats in safe areas, weirdly enough, so they wash their clothes in a river. “Still safe,” Dean declares, pulling the tester out of the water. No sign of Leviathan or the shit they put in corn syrup. He fills a few jugs to filter back at camp before he starts dunking the shirts into the water, letting himself get hypnotized by the fabric pushing back against his hands. It’s so
“That we do.” Sam lets out a big, showy sigh.
“I don’t think I recognized I lusted for you until I was human, during the end of the first apocalypse,” Cas says at last. “Not exactly an ideal time. The love, that I can’t pinpoint. Maybe always. You heard what Jack said.” His hands move up again, until they’re splayed over the ghost of his handprint on Dean’s shoulder.
The Cas Mary knew, he had a glower that could probably raze cities on a bad day, but at least he reacted. Castiel, he just stares. He stares and he walks and he doesn’t talk. Hannah had leaned forward and pressed one dry kiss to Castiel’s forehead before she bound his hands tightly and shoved him off in Mary’s direction. Castiel hadn’t reacted at all.
The damn traitor’s out of the room in what’s gotta be less than two seconds.
They do end up back on the bed, though Dean couldn’t tell you how. The two of them octopus around each other; Dean finds himself still desperate for touch even after everything that just happened, and he’s pretty sure Cas is the same. The guy won’t stop thumbing at his nipples.
Dean can’t stop thinking about Castiel’s damn feet while they’re doing this.
Charlie whacks him on the arm with a fan.
They always have. They’re even worse than Pokemon Centers. The first time Dean can remember being in one, it was because Sammy fell down a flight of stairs. This was back when he was just a snotty kid, with freaky big feet, before the rest of his body (and his stupid hair) played catch-up.
Sam lets the corner of his lip tilt up, just a little bit, in the memory of his friend. “Yeah, he was. I’m sorry too. He was the best friend we’ve ever had. And for Dean, he –” He cuts himself off. Whatever he was going to say about Dean and Cas, it doesn’t feel like it’s his to share. “He was even closer than I was to Cas. I dunno how he’s handling it. Not well, anyway. I’m trying, but it’s hard. Crowley sacrificed himself for us too, and he was the King of Hell. I mean, I was always – we had a weird relationship, I can say that much. But what do you even do with that?”
The light flares up and out, and when it ebbs away, Dean’s looking at a very different form. The thing’s as big as a small plane, with stubby arms that look like they shouldn’t be able to hold his weight while perched on the ground. But there are enormous jagged and majestic wings, and even though the face is one Dean’s never seen before, he’d know the eyes anywhere.
at the wood; the pieces scatter all over the otherwise pristine floor. “Just got tired of these two douchebags ruining our lives,” he grunts at last. “Michael’s gone rogue in the Cage, Lucifer’s
“Gabriel told me it involved
His heart hammers against his ribcage. Under his clothes, his skin’s overheated with a clammy layer on top – pretty friggin’ gross. He tries to turn the page in a book, but his hands are shaking too hard; he almost tears the page instead.
“Joke’s on them, they tried to kidnap me for a Medicham when we spent most of my childhood at the dojo, not working on any of her Psychic powers.” Jake’s the coolest.
It’s moments like these that Dean remembers that despite the gigantic blue eyes and constant haze of stubble across his chin and cheeks, he’s not on this fun little Purgatory adventure with another human. Castiel’s an angel, and shitty and corrupt as it was, they’re not cute fat little babies with enormous fluffy wings. If Dean ever really saw him — Cas isn’t even a
How’d Anna sound?”
“Figured you got lots of people to get back in touch with.”
“You’re like his Horcrux,” Kevin says, at last, sort of uneasily like he can tell what Dean’s mind is whirring through at the moment. Probably can, and he’ll probably
“Ice cold,” Castiel responds, but he’s offering a small smile. Staraptor drops the peanut in Castiel’s hand. Traitor. “What do you mean?”
Dean’s glad he’s with Sam the first time they run into the freaky
Though the years have been kind to him, his foliage has seen better days; it’s all mottled and looks outright crunchy at the edges in places. Dean doesn’t blame anyone for not being able to give the guy a haircut when necessary, but first things first, he’s getting him a good long weekend at a Pokemon spa.
“For what?” Dean laughs basically into Sam’s hair. Eileen kicks so much ass, but she must have truly tragic taste if this is what she’s into.
“I don’t know if a place like that exists in my dimension. Monsters are very rare, possibly non-existent. They were annihilated by the war.”
But there wasn’t much of that here in Unova. Reshiram and Zekrom kept the universe balanced, and the Swords of Justice protected them, but they did it from a distance. The only person out there praying to any legendary Pokemon was Dean himself, apparently.
Dean has to blink hard at that. “Cas,” he says, even as he shoves himself back on the three fingers inside him, skidding over his prostate. “You gotta – I wanna get you inside me now.”
“In a sense.” Funnily enough, this close, Cas smells like a fire after it’s been stomped out, but the ash still lingers in the air. It’s a clean, woodsy scent; it reminds Dean of the couple of times he went camping with Dad and Sammy and if he ignored the rings of salt Dad put down around their sleeping bags, or the glut of weapons he dragged out from the Impala, he could pretend they were just another normal family, and make Sam think it too. If Dad remembered to go to the supermarket, there were even squishy burnt marshmallows on graham crackers.
The next morning isn’t awkward. Dean wakes up first. Years ago, he remembers making a big deal about Cas watching over him in his sleep. Now, he keeps his eyes on Cas; all the lines on his face have been smoothed out while he snoozes. He wants to run a hand through Cas’ hair, bring him even closer to Dean, but he holds himself back for that one moment.
, he doesn’t either.
Dean sits down at the table, nodding at Jody, who doesn’t look like she minds at all. “What do you mean?”
That something doesn’t go away, though, or the heaviness in Emmanuel’s gut. He fervently hopes the orgasm didn’t tear all control from him.
There’s not too many people he’d talk to about missing Mary; it’s too personal, those feelings too hard to dredge up for fear of everything spilling out. But he talks about it with Missouri, who’s stupidly supportive about it. More than Dean deserves.
Dean’s heart thumps, jackrabbit fast. He tries very very hard not to wonder if Cas is wearing boxers underneath his PJs, or if it’s just skin all the way.
There’s an adjustment in their positions, and then – Dean may be all post-orgasm groggy and Cas is stumbling his way to sleep too, but those damn eyes of his still light Dean up inside.
She hesitates for barely a second. It’s the amount of time only a hunter, desperately looking for some kind of weakness, could notice. “I’d heard Azazel was gone,” she says, “but I didn’t think it was one of
The danger of Dragons lies within not only the training, but the Dragon types themselves. Most of them live in humongous caves riddled with obstacles, pitfalls and knifeblade rocks and zigzags away from the light, far off any path humans would ever bother to go on; every year, too many trainers leave the cities in order to catch Dragons, and never return.
Goldenrod’s huge, spreading out wide underneath the little hill they landed on; it puts Opelucid to shame. The city doesn’t seem to have much of a personality, though, just gray buildings with black roads cutting sharp paths between them. Most of the buildings are incredibly tall, reaching up and up and up like a mendicant’s hand. One impressively long tower reaches all the way up to the sky, clouds ringing around it. It’s much like another Dragonspiral Tower, a true marvel of architecture. Dean’s impressed until he remembers it’s just another damn mall.
“Do you know what this is about?” Dean says, breaking the interminable silence, when they’re about halfway there. It’s the first words any of them have said to each other on this elevator ride.
“Azazel and Lilith had a daughter,” Bela explains, very slowly. “She got away a long time ago. She had to make herself from the ground up, and she realized she would treat Pokemon well enough, in some attempt to
Now, he sees none of it. He sees the tumbled assortment of cups inside one of Bobby’s cabinets, glinting dimly in the darkness with cut-up light – the moon, fading streetlights – from outside leaking in, because he’s staring at that. Grunting, he selects the two largest cups he can see, and fills them eagerly from the sink.
He exhales a very long breath, but keeps staring at his beer bottle. For someone who normally meets Dean’s gaze so readily, so openly, it’s notable.
“Look, I wasn’t exactly jumping for joy when I found out what Meg was, either.” No-nonsense. Dean likes that. “She hasn’t led me wrong yet, though.”
His fingers go
“We were young. We were stupid,” Amy interjects, “but it worked out for us in the end.”
Not Hell, and thank God for the little things, though those weren’t so much nightmares as too-fucking-vivid memories. It’s Purgatory this time, and it makes no sense at all because he was
Cas’ wings start thrumming a couple of seconds later; Dean wasn’t expecting it just yet. He finds himself scrambling for a damn vicegrip around Cas’ neck.
“Erika,” Gordon warns, without heat in his voice.
She was still as warm as she’d ever been, it turned out.
“I just – I need to say this. To you, and not – someone who looks like you. Or a memory of you. And not when either one of us is on our deathbed, Jesus.” He takes a breath. His stomach trembles under Cas’. “I love you. Okay? I – I love you.” He ducks his head and laughs, but draws his eyes back up to meet Cas’ only a beat later. “Love of my life.”
to settle down with is terrifying. Gotta be a special kind of stupid to do that.
Finally, Cas breaks away from him. He stays close though, enough that Dean can feel his breath every time he speaks. He smells like caramel and ice chips and Dean wants that taste sticking to his mouth. “I’d like to take off some of your clothes. This might be easier.”
“I decoded the disk,” she starts, “but at first I thought it was just nonsense, because all the disks had were numbers. Billions of numbers. The more advanced programs on here were just counting systems.” She pauses to bite the inside of her cheek for a moment. She’s slumping; Charlie
“Opelucid is obsessed with Dragon-types,” Cas continues. His voice is low. The bus driver is concentrating on driving the bus, but there’s no reason to call her attention.
“Did you
“Heya, Cas,” he greets, as Cas sidles in next to him. He’s warm through his clothes, and if Dean leaned forward just a little, their hips and shoulders could touch.
“Okay.” Cas’ fingers whisper across the back of his neck. Dean’s been too tired to have any more than half a stiffy, even with Cas’ hands all over him, but that touch might as well be a kiss. It makes Dean hard as a fuckin’ diamond, instantly like he’s twenty again, and he might be moaning already. “Whenever you’re ready. Even if it’s never.”
Dean rears back, and for a split second he doesn’t worry about giving himself away when something that goddamn barbaric is going on in front of him. He senses the recoil from everyone around him, the sheer disgust, the shock.
The lake is vast, and the room’s so dark it’s hard to see much in the distance. But at the other end, so far off it might be a full mile away, light rises up from what seems like the floor itself. It’s soft light, but with the darkness of the cave it makes the edge of the room into a stark silhouette. It reminds Dean of nothing so much as a halo.
“I don’t know,” he answers, truthfully.
Night’s still too damn hot. The fire’s not helping. Neither is Sam’s mood.
Which is why he’s so surprised that a phone call wakes him up that Saturday. “It’s Jody,” the voice on the other end of the line says, and Dean goes from three-quarters asleep to lightning-bolt awake.
“You’re as stubborn as any baby Pokemon we have over in the nursery,” Cas says in return, but he’s smiling as he does it, small but real.
The wedding wasn’t going to be a problem. It really wasn’t. For one, it was going to take place nowhere near his old house, but instead on the hoity-toity pearl sand beaches on the other end of the town. He would’ve gotten thrown out of those if he’d dared leave one footprint behind in the sand. Might as well have been another world.
Dean is lifted, up and up and up, until he can see the whole battlefield stretch out before him, a terrifying sight that nevertheless stirs something in him. So he hasn’t been so beaten down. He can’t turn his head to look, but he sees movement everywhere. Bursts of energy, green and blue and red and yellow, erupt on the field, then fade.
He disappears into mid-air, then. Dean and Anna whirl around in place, wasting precious seconds, but he’s definitely gone. Fucking Giratina powers.
. And Castiel has still stuck around. He wants to.
and it’s good.
Dean knows Cas is right on that front. He also knows it was unfair to dump all the responsibility for Jack on Kelly. But right now, anger and irrationality are winning the day. “You got lucky, Cas,” Dean says, trying to keep his voice steady even as his pulse beats at his skull so hard he can feel a headache coming on. “If Jack turned out like his dad, it wouldn’t
Castiel is cold to the touch. Dean clenches his jaw. His teeth hurt, they’re ground together so tight.
“And you wouldn’t believe what gigantic losers they are,” Claire returns. “Seriously, when you meet them –”
“I’ve spent only a few days with this beauty,” Alastair says, “and yet I’m sure it packs more punch than any of your sad, small creatures ever will.” His hand touches Mewtwo’s arm; the thing doesn’t even move in response. It merely keeps floating in the air, only a foot or so off the ground, facing forward at nothing at all. Creepy as hell. “Allow me to show you.”
Emmanuel is careful to stroke himself slowly. He likes it like this, anyway, the buildup making him quiver, watching his cock slip into and out of his fist. Normally, he’d take time to explore, because he’s learning his body anew – how he likes ghosting fingers up the inside of his thigh and over his hips, and how he can’t squeeze his testicles too strongly. But he’s in a car, in
He really likes getting fucked, and sex is even better with Cas, the way he thrusts like a hot little punch every time and it jams up against that spot over and over. Cas can hold him down with just a palm on his lower back, and Dean is not admitting how fucking hot that is. And then it’s just as good to get Cas belly-up on the bed and open him up, slide into him and let himself feel greedy while he does it; Cas stares down with moon-wide eyes at where they come together, like Dean’s cock and Cas’ own puffy little hole stretched out to fit him is the most fascinating thing he’s seen in millennia.
, otherwise he would’ve shot ‘em full of silver and salt. Not that it would’ve done much.
“I knooooow.” If this was Dean talking to Charlie in the same tone, she’d tease the hell out of him over his
Mary didn’t grow up reading fairy tales – not with her parents. Maybe that’s why she can keep going, because this castle bristles with its
rolls her eyes at him, and nudges at the door a bit until it opens and she can slip through, leaving it ajar. This might not be a very remarkable building, but there’s clearly some sort of protection on it. Dean and Cas follow Espeon, walking single file up a skinny, creaking staircase to the fourth story.
“You did n –” Cas begins, calling his bluff; Dean was shaking when he climbed onto Cas’ back, and no doubt Cas could feel that. But Dean still cuts him off with another kiss, and another and another.
“Missouri told me it’s a healthy way of working out anger,” Cas said with just a hint of smugness. Whatever, he was the one who had to bandage his knuckles up afterward. If Dean spent too much time kissing over them, that was his own business.
“Nailed it.” Dean lets his head fit in the space between Cas’ head and his shoulder, enough that Cas’ stubble rasps against his own. It’s not gentle, but it’s a comfort. Dean would laugh, because they’ve definitely reached super-sappy cliché status, but he’s tired, tired, tired. It’s so easy to let his body fit into Cas’ warm arms and meet his lips.
Dean takes a moment to look out over the crowd. It warms his heart to see Tessa and Jody and Benny there, all of who come over to greet him. He’s tasked with introducing them all to Sam, Amy, and the rest.
The world stays focused around the two of them, their mouths, their hands, their warmth. But eventually, it starts to spread out before him.
Shit.
didn’t always work so well.
Maybe he shouldn’t be clinging so goddamn hard to what happened. Forgetting about it entirely is clearly working for
“You can scare ‘em away,” Dean jokes, and when he looks over to Cas, the guy is grinning. He’s never seen a smile that wide on Cas’ face, and the thought of that sends a fierce fissure through Dean. Cas’ smile, his real smile, is wide and gummy and, Dean thinks, goddamn beautiful.
He’s got no idea how it happens, but Dean lets himself fall asleep. Barely. Vaporeon’s breath stays jittery as long as he can hear it, which means she’s not sleeping either. He’s not sure what time he does drop off into dreamland – not that he really dreams, not tonight, not when his heart’s going
The realization crashes down on Dean, a tidal wave whirled into froth in a storm. “It wasn’t Dad?”
“Absol’s on the nursery’s logo,” Tessa told Dean, “and we’ve never been doing better.” She beamed, the big emotional reaction nothing Dean had ever seen from her before, and affectionally scratched the top of Absol’s head. He cooed in response, and bumped his head back against Tessa’s hand.
She traveled with Cas for what felt like decades. Despite that, he’s still inhuman, wildly inscrutable. But she does know some things. She knows he tries harder than anyone she’s ever met. She knows how hard he attempted to help in every universe they landed in, and took it personally when he couldn’t. She knows the way his shoulders sag in relief when he sees Jack, relief at his gamble paying off. She knows how he throws himself at every fire he sees.
He’s millions of years old, and was there when Gabriel trumpeted the creation of this planet. He shouldn’t feel like a child. An emotion as human as
It’s the tone of her voice, and the way she stands, and that apology to Sam – but no. It can’t be. “Anna?” She makes a little
Cas wonders what the other Castiel, the one from the alternate universe, would have thought of fate. Much like himself, Cas is fairly certain Castiel would have embraced it when he first came to this dimension, even at the cost of his own existence. But now that he’s returned to his own – likely not.
Dean somehow manages to point a finger at his face. “No faux-innocent crap any more.”
Cas’ thick cockhead nudges at his entrance a couple of times. Just the tip slips in; they’re both so slippery where they yearn to meet, that was probably inevitable. Then, with one long push, Cas slides all the way home.
There are a couple of stores, the one most definitely not staffed by teens, where Dean’s pretty sure the staff behind the counter could sniff out that he doesn’t even have the money to be
Dean cries out. No noise comes out of him; a noise loud enough that everyone living in Lebanon can hear it comes out of him. His entire body pulses,
Pokemon in a thousand years. She’s part Bug and part Steel, so there isn’t a worse possible move for her than eating up a Fire-type attack. But Gordon’s Durant still breathes, heavy but steady, and glares back at the Magmortar with fury boiling like the attack she just took.
The room is still quiet. The only sign of life is Vaporeon’s rustling and the soft lights switching from blue to gold and back again outside.
Dean realizes this version of himself, the one who says awful, hurtful things without thinking, is not the one she knows. She expects better of him. It’s a strange thought.
guys.” Gabriel pauses. Dean, Cas, and Anna just blink at her. “I was expecting way more than that. Some dramatic gasps? Fainting? Fine. I stumbled across a room where you two were on gurneys, unconscious, with Gothitelle looking real interested in the proceedings. And when Naomi found me in there? Whoo, boy, did she hustle me out.”
The fight’s still going on all around him. He sees it, flashes of light and big bulky Pokemon bodies whizzing too close. He can even
“Zachariah never goes anywhere. Too many people to ingratiate himself to here.” Cas is looking anywhere but at his phone.
*****
“I’m putting
Inais actually sighs, which is kind of hilarious because it’s so
Here it is, in the goddamn flesh. Giratina.
“Do you really think this is the time for a family reunion?”
, thank you – that he should’ve brought a real jacket along. That’s when the woods thin out abruptly, stopping the words in his throat.
Like Dean said. Team Free Will. It just took them a few months to get their shit together.
It’s not Naomi. It’s not Charlie. It’s not Anna. It’s not even Sam.
?” She spits the word out like someone stuffed rainbows and love down her throat.
Cas’ middle finger pushes directly against the sweet, hard bud of nerves inside him, and the whimper turns into a shout. When the fizzle behind his eyes fades, Dean looks up to Cas. His pupils flick between Dean’s face and where the two of them join together, wonder softening every feature.
“Not for that,” Cas says in return, smiling all the way. Dean feels the anticipation zip through him. Of what, he doesn’t know, but he’s opening his mouth to speak again when another person they know approaches them.
“No.” She shakes her head, quickly. “I helped get you back, but I’m busy enough that I have to go now.” Well, that’s reassuring, that a reaper’s almost too busy to help anyone out. “Welcome back, Dean. Purgatory again, really? No one’s that lucky. Try not to run into me any time soon.”
It’s hard to miss how Cas’ eyes go alight. “You must be so proud.”
The gangs by Shopping Mall Nine, though, are real. Calling them
“This is my, uh –” He’s not using
was your color?”
That was
“I needed you then. I’ve needed you all along, I still need you. Just… if you’re out there. Come home, buddy.”
, and he’s already feeling kinda grouchy about the presumptuousness, but all Sam does is reel him in against his chest with one of his enormous arms.
The only response Dean can think of is smiling back and nodding. So, they’re all holding hands around the campfire and singing Kumbaya so that they can go back to a different hell breaking loose, once they’ve solved the current hell that’s breaking loose. Fuckin’ fantastic. Smiles and body shots all around.
Dean can tell Cas is only holding back his snort of laughter because the situation’s too serious. “The Snorlax looked – better. Not furious. I could have helped Roman, though. I didn’t.”
“Lookin’ troubled.” Dean absolutely does not jump halfway out of his skin at Benny’s voice, but Benny is just passing through the little corridor between enclosures. Like Cas, he’s out of sight soon.
It’s just him and Castiel. Every breath, every heartbeat, they’re big and loud enough to fill the empty rooms. Castiel must feel it too, Dean’s sure. So Dean picks up the bottle and drains it.
Instantly, Cas’ eyes flick over to Dean. Always so damn concerned. Dean offers up the biggest smile he can, and it’s even mostly genuine. “Not gonna be a problem at all,” he says.
Again, serious injuries in Pokemon battle were incredibly rare, and fatalities were all but unheard of. But there were still times when Dean sat in a Pokemon Center for too long, waiting for the nurses and their Blisseys to heal Vaporeon. Every damn time she bounded out from behind the counter and landed right back at Dean’s side, it was a sigh of relief made whole.
Dean wonders if he – alright, he wonders if he’s
“This is serious shit,” Charlie tells her in a voice sewn through with steel. “You want your wish fulfillment, fine, look, I of all people get it. But this is
The top reads
in his life as much as he has these past couple of months.
That seems to make the decision for Mewtwo. It breaks its glare toward Dean and Cas to turn it toward Alastair. Dean braces himself for a messy attack, but there’s nothing like that.
Mienshao kicks the door of their van wide open. She gives Dean, Cas, and Anna a severe look, as if to make them aware of what went down when the police department got that call. Dean’s pretty sure they get the picture.
But it’s still not as surprising as seeing Cas look so, well, normal in a gray t-shirt with a blue-and-gray checkered flannel over it. Dean is lucky Cas’ hair is all askew from taking his old shirt off and putting these new ones on, and he’s got a hard furrow between his eyes while he tries to figure out the price tag, because otherwise he could be any other hunter.
“You and Castiel. Purgatory wasn’t scared of you because of what you did on Earth,” Chuck cuts in, arms folded, one of those wry smiles on his face. “Anyone else would’ve been torn to shreds and reduced to one of the things that lives there almost immediately on arrival. Lucky Sam didn’t get pulled in with you guys,” he explains, with a nod. “It’s scared because it remembers.”
“Cas,” Dean breathes. His voice is a tight knot he barely recognizes as he slides his hand back to tangle with Cas’ over Lillipup’s fur. In between them, Vaporeon practically buzzes. “What are we doing here?”
at me,” Dean hisses right back, trying not to attract John’s attention. Sam gets this goddamn
Absol’s adorable. Dean never got what the big fuss was.
, and not really after a run. Pushing himself like that is pretty awesome — when it’s like, once a month. Plus he had swamp ass the whole time and
talk, the greed in his eyes and his words, like that’s what matters. He launches himself toward Roman, until he’s got that rich jackass pinned on the ground. Dean’s hands are scrambling right for that Poke Ball, that fucking Poke Ball, his
Dean doesn’t even get the chance to think
Dean barely had any time with Vaporeon as an Eevee. He saved up and scrounged and – okay, even at twelve, he
“I – thanks, Cas.” His voice is rough and sleepy, but Dean really should kiss him. He’s sure, in that moment, that he’ll never get another chance. What he ends up blurting out, though, because he’s the paradigm of fuck-ups, is, “I think we could do with some dinner now, yeah?” It’s practically a nervous tick, but he could smack himself out of frustration.
“So you get it.”
A chorus of
Tessa, Jody, Benny, they all hug him hard enough that Dean’s gotta catch his breath. Claire actually shrieks
Truth is, though, he doesn’t mind it at all. It’s coming, and he knows it even if he hasn’t been with Cas for all that long. Because if he knows one thing above all, more than tasteful rings and big parties with unthinkably beautiful backdrops, it’s that Cas is
Slowly, as if the energy itself knows enough to be careful, the static electricity withdraws. The temperature returns to normal. With a loud wet smack that truly does not help Dean’s pants situation, Cas pulls away from Castiel.
Dean leans back with him. From this angle, he can’t see Cas, just the black bowl of the sky, pierced white with stars and the sliver of the moon. But he can feel Vaporeon tucked next to his hip, and eventually, he reaches out a hand to touch Cas’ with his own. “You’re absolutely right.”
Him and Cas ain’t anything like destiny, because screw that. But it just feels
“Sam was in Hell too? And he’s here now? Your family really is remarkably resilient,” Castiel says. Despite his words, his tone isn’t impressed whatsoever.
! Business could be booming here in no time.”
Dean offers up a wry grin. “Saw you givin’ these burgers the stink-eye before.”
“She tried to
Dean’s gotten used to the column of water that absolutely erupts from Vaporeon, but it never stops startling him just how huge the damn thing is. The wind screams up around them, the Staraptor taking to the air and beating her wings like some kind of great machine. But she’s not a machine, she’s real, and she’s right now she’s the most beautiful goddamn thing Dean’s ever seen.
Dean blinks. “That a — did you just drop a
Dean lives for the first few seconds of this, when Cas isn’t all the way inside. He’s so warm and thick at the tip, just breaching Dean, and try as he might to slip back onto Cas’ cock Dean suddenly has Cas holding him down firmly at the hips with just one hand. Dean feels surrounded everywhere: Cas’ other hand speared through his hair, their eyes locked in contact, their skin slipping against each other. He’s ready at the place he’ll take Castiel into him.
Things move
“Don’t try it.”
of times, I’m a demon. Not Miss Congeniality.”
“I love you,” Dean sputters out. He never meant for this confession to happen in
The path to the nursery is quiet and dark. Dean should take the time to appreciate how pretty the campus is here at Edlund, now that the protesters have apparently broken up for the night, but his heart is thumping away in his chest too fast for him to linger too long in any one place.
is a big tease when he wants to be. His tongue licks over the shape of Dean’s erection. He tastes him, over and over, long and slow and not the suction Dean needs. “Dammit,” he huffs out, without heat, as another shiver slides up his spine, mirroring the movement of Cas’ tongue.
Dean, on the other hand, just grins. Things are still way off-kilter between him and Sam, but he can pretend they’re normal for at least a little while longer. “No shit,” he says. “You guys met at school?”
“Good to know,” Mary says. Her fingers, going white, clutch the brass knuckles. “I’m not here to chat. I have a plan.”
“Sure,” Dean replies, trying to keep his voice strong. Anna gives him a look; Dean’s pretty sure she sees right through that, but at least she fuckin’ gets it. “I’m
says it, which means he must
He purses his lips. “I would guess dead angels come to Purgatory, yes. Occasionally I sense an echo of others. It would be good to see some of them again, especially those who fell in the first war. Mostly, though, I believe it would be wise to avoid any other angels, if we do find them.”
He claps his hand on Sam’s shoulder to head back outside. His fingers are trembling.
“I’m sure you can.” Cas has that tone to his voice, the one where Dean can’t tell if he’s trying to be deliberately seductive or messing around with Dean – or, honestly the most likely, completely unaware of what he’s saying and how he’s saying it. After all, they’re talking about goddamn eggs.
Dean still never broaches the topic of what happened outside Shopping Mall Nine, because what’s the point of shattering this newfound trust. He’s always prided himself on his bravery, how he was the first one in his family to take those first questioning strides into the tangled woods where John led them. But emotionally, he shoves too much shit down. Always has. He’s not willing to break what he has with Cas, though.
Sam snorts. “You see anywhere else that’d fit the description?”
They’ve had better Wal-Mart runs, but they managed to pick up some spare clothes and frozen veggies, so it’s not a total loss. Sam is animatedly telling him about how Claire and Sarah helped him take out a whole mess of Leviathan when they were out looking for some weird herb to help get Dean out of Purgatory, when Dean’s gaze happens, by accident, to slide over to one of the freaking zombies propping itself up against the door.
Of course, that’s when the damn bus stops so abruptly it screeches. The people and Pokemon the bus go pitching forward scarily quick at the sudden impact. Dean has to catch his breath twice, once at the unexpected stop, and again when Cas’ hand finds his shoulder to steady him.
In every shop, there are groups of bored-looking salespeople huddled together, or tapping their fingers against the counter. Most of them are teenagers, and Dean doesn’t think about how that never could have been him.
“Don’t I know it.”
“Dean, oh my God, Dean –”
. Cas, babe, you owe me like fifteen hugs, and
When Dean was maybe twelve, they stopped at a carnival. Dad was off getting info, so Dean had to drag Sammy along through the crowds. The kid had his hand clamped over his eyes because of the stupid-ass clowns, too.
One little insignificant deal, and she made her world what it is. Two – three – wonderful boys, they kept it that way. She rubs the back of her hand against her eyes, but the tears still spill out.
. He’s pretty sure that’s PM. He grunts and slams the book he’s reading shut.
Funny enough, Dean does remember it, probably because he very pointedly recalls telling Sam to
son Fergus –”
“Yeah. Too quiet.”
Dean pays too much attention to the way Cas’ voice slips into a rasp when he speaks low, the nonchalant way he hands the Pokemon off to Dean like they’re a natural team, the way the shape of his arms shift against his shirt sleeves. He’s fuckin’ screwed, but more than that, he’s being
. It’s the two of them, here, in their bed, while Dean makes stupid inhuman noises and doesn’t care a bit.
handsome Dodrio, right?” She’s practically bouncing up and down.
he’s aware of. The slight difference becomes exaggerated to Castiel.
Mary looks up, meeting his eyes, which means now it’s time for Dean to avert his own. Real men, John had taught him, loved the job and bars choked with smoke and too much beer and
Sam’s fist actually bangs against the table, and if Dean makes a very unmanly yelp and jumps back a bit, well, only his brother is here to witness it. “What the
at this shit all the time. Just a few days ago, a Joy steered him back to Dean’s hospital room, and told him, her speech flustered, that he had just visited Jody in her room and sworn very specific revenge against the assholes that trapped her in the storage closet. “I don’t want to repeat what he said,” she told him, face pale.
That was Crowley, alright. Dean imagines Crowley meeting this version of Castiel, then blinks it from his mind because it’s too horrifying to even imagine. Or maybe hilarious. “Anyway. I couldn’t get out of it. I went to Hell. And Cas, he… he saved me. He had orders from Heaven, and we never really talked about it, but – man, I’ve met plenty of angels since. Present company included. And I don’t think any other angel could’ve done it. It had to be Cas.”
“It was bad enough when I had to pull Garth — what became of him — away, man,” Sam tells Dean, once he’s standing up. And — shit, yeah, Dean hasn’t seen Garth at all, has he? Fuck. Dean’s gaze flicks toward the ground, unable to meet Sam’s, because God knows what the hell the guy’s been dealing with these past years.
“No, it’s – I mean, that too, probably, but in this case, it’s, uh. It’s personal for me, too.”
Somehow Dean’s pretty sure that’s not gonna happen this time around.
“Well, I wasn’t lying,” Cas grumbles back, and Dean realizes he must’ve sounded more bitchy than he intended. “She found me, and cared for me.”
They’ve gotta take a depressingly sober break to leave out food for Vaporeon and Staraptor, and all but beg them to stay in the living room until at least the morning. “Babe,” Dean tells Vaporeon, low, “You gotta stay out here until we come get you.” His face is as hot as if someone had shoved a coal on the back of his neck.
Naomi purses her lips a couple of times. “No one could prove it definitively. But some of his associates were in the area. There were other abrupt deaths throughout Unova for others we knew or suspected were investigating him. Your father stopped by my training center a few times, demanding
Dean grumbles, to cover the fact that his stomach cramps and his thoughts are still scattered everywhere. If he tried to stand up right now, his legs would probably just give out. “What’s with all the Harry Potter nerds around camp?”
Cas raises his gaze to look straight at Dean. “Let’s get out of here,” he says, and even though they’re in a sunny, delectable-smelling kitchen, even though Jody and all their Pokemon are around, the world falls back and away until it’s just the two of them, Cas’ unreal blue eyes cutting through everything else.
Dean claps his own hand over Cas’, before kissing him again, and again and again. He meant for it to be simple, something like gratitude, but before long, the two of them are taking each other apart again. Their tongues push against each other, while Cas cradles his face, and Dean’s entire face burns. For his part, Dean’s got his hands stuffed down the back of Cas’ pants so he can finally touch his ass, their hips see-sawing enough to shake the bed. They’re hard, they’re so hard against each other even through all the layers of clothing, and they’re close –
“I do.” Dean lets himself touch now, one hand around Cas’ waist and the other on his shoulder. God, he’s pathetic, but he’s gonna be like Velcro to Cas now that the guy’s back, and now that he can do this. “Bring it.”
“I want the opposite of that.” Dean was pretty sure that was gonna be the answer, but it’s nice to have it confirmed. He’s waved at Anna a couple of times before, but they never had a real conversation. He’s not nervous, though, more sad with a dash of jealous that Cas can’t come over his place and meet Sam to ascend to weird nerd heaven together.
He fits his lips around the head, and slides up until he’s fit all of Cas that he can into his mouth. He’s warm, so warm, already twitching inside Dean’s cheeks. Dean flicks his tongue around the slit once, and that’s all he wrote. Cas comes, immediately, into his mouth. Dean’s happy he’s able to swallow most of it, but some of it ends up on his cheek. At least it ain’t a bad look, he knows.
Purgatory and it was nothing like that, but he wakes up with his chest heaving and sweat matting his forehead anyway.
Cas was warm. His body was all angles, ones you could measure out with your hands. Dean felt his hips, his knees, his collarbone, his stomach. All those stupid little touches. Now, he feels like he was saving them up, in case something ever happened to the two of them. But when he thinks about those touches, skin to skin, skin to stubble, skin to the looser smoother skin of the lips, it only makes him miss Cas more.
this cop’s beard burn all over his body.
“We could, and I’m sure she could do it, but – Dean. You can tell there’s something deeper going on here, right?” She sounds frightened, a tone Dean doesn’t hear from her much. Tessa’s got a damn Absol at her side; she doesn’t scare easy.
The Distortion World is supposed to be a myth, but as Dean’s been learning pretty fucking quickly, way too many of those are actually true. They had a “spooky sleepover” for a class of third graders at work once, and Dean still remembers Benny, flashlight tucked under his chin, telling the kids about an alternate dimension where it was always night, and a waterfall poured from the sky.
The second the words are out of his mouth, his vision goes blurry, as suddenly as if someone had thrown the tears right into his eyes. Talking about it vaguely with Cas is one thing; saying it out loud is another.
Dean keeps driving. Smiling as he does, even if it doesn’t reach his eyes. “I am so glad to get outta the bunker,” Dean sighs. The headlights cut through the road as the Impala rumbles on. “Away from –” He cuts himself off.
Mostly, though, Dean’s pissed because the assholes keep handling the Pokemon. They’re not careful about it, either, scooping them up with both hands while not supporting their bottom halves, so the poor little guys wriggle desperately. “Can you all watch out?” he hisses, a little too loud, which gets him exponentially more glares. Shit.
Dean feels warmth wash over him, despite the chill of the night and the altitude. “That’s the spirit.”
“It brings the house down.” Cas sounds more wry than dry, but the guy’s so hard to decode that Dean isn’t sure whether he was joking or serious. “Do you have a favorite song?”
Dean fixes Castiel with one of his looks. He could not understand them when he was an angel, and it’s no better as a near-human. Yes, he looked back, perhaps even started most of the looks, but it had been because Dean was so
At one point, when he was
“I need some new trainers to come along with me.”
“Not bad, right?” Dean says, still that same light lilt in his voice even as he accustoms himself to the burn, good and full, inside him, and in his thighs. He looks down at Cas.
, dude, that’s morbid.” Dean’s fucking thrilled for the opportunity to make a joke. Castiel has surprised him a lot, but he’s never thrown him completely off like that.
Castiel looks down. His grace overloads with colors and sensations; this world is overstuffed with too much. He has no idea how anyone is supposed to survive in this universe. How these humans weren’t all cut down by the first thing with claws and teeth that emerged from the shadows. How the angels didn’t turn everyone who tread on this planet into a smoking crater just to prove that wrath still existed in this world and glory higher than ancient mountains and lakes did too.
It was literal. It was never meant to be. It was them. They made it up as they’d gone along. Go figure.
here, with John Winchester. Chipped and ruined figurines of a Pokemon hardly anyone believes in on their continent, all in some misguided attempt to do something that Dean doesn’t know. Get Mom back, maybe. Thing is, if that’s what Dad was trying to do, well, that’s one thing Dean can’t blame him for.
Dean knows exactly what Cas is asking, and he has to angle his hips away at the question. But it’s been a long day, and he’s three-quarters asleep already, and – okay, he’s kind of a fucking sap, because the first time
The shack’s just one room, as far as Sam could tell, and the windows are all boarded up. There’s a horrible rattle coming from somewhere in the darkness. The simultaneous thrill and puke-inducing nerves of a hunt swoop through Sam instantly.
He almost doesn’t wanna, but — “Can I take these off,” he asks, voice pretty quiet and rough. Cas just lifts his hips as answer, and Dean savors the drag of fabric down his legs, almost as much as how the panties crumple into a little damp ball that he tosses away.
“Okay,” Dean says, even though he’s got no idea where Cas is going with this.
“We’ll let you be for a while,” Tamara says, gently. There’s a wistful look in her eyes, and Dean remembers all she’s lost, too. She probably didn’t get a miracle reunion with her husband’s Pokemon.
It’s regret and pain the guy struggles with, the shit angels were never supposed to feel. Doubt closes in on him, tight and painful like its own ring of holy fire. Loss was to be expected, sure, Cas was a soldier on a battlefield, but those losses weren’t supposed to crawl into your bones and halt you the next time around.
Cas’ face before, bent over a table and
Finally, Cas shifts. “I was – irrelevant.”
to spill, so that’s how he ends up telling Charlie about the way he grew up. “Think you can understand why Leafeon and Espeon got me so freaked in particular,” he finishes after a couple of minutes, offering up a sad shrug.
He ducks his head and lets the moment pass over him. Even Cas’ fingers on the back of his neck seem distant, even if they’re distant and welcome. It’s about feeling like he belongs. Dean’s got a shitton of memories, most of them pretty goddamn awful. But he doesn’t have too many memories where he felt alright, and wanted.
Cas isn’t next to him when Dean wakes up. Dean blinks awake to find the other side of the bed has turned into – it’s stupid, but it feels like a vast cold ocean, one even Vaporeon would skitter away from.
Sam ended up okay, but it was too long a wait until the doctors told them that. At least he had Mom there alongside him. They played I Spy games until Dean fell asleep in his hard plastic chair; they got glares when she’d imitate Pokemon cries and he’d laugh in return, but the two of them brushed them off. Together.
So. That — happened.
Dean didn’t even see the kid like Sam did. But even before the stranger’s green eyes go bright yellow, Dean knows who he is, and he’s scrambling to his feet and away from the entryway to the kitchen.
“I’ve already dragged
Castiel only acknowledges him with a small head nod, and the palpable
“Will you let me speak?” Cas asks, Dean’s back still to him.
Oh, shit. “I’m sorry,” is all Dean can think of to say, and then he’s – sorta grabbing Cas in this half-hug, the best he can do while he’s sitting. He’s warm and their stubble scratches together at this angle; it should make him want to jump back, but he only wants to curl in against Cas harder. Vaporeon jumps into Cas’ lap, too, and Dean tries to shoo her outta there, but Cas puts one big, warm hand on her back – don’t get jealous of your fucking Pokemon, Dean has to remind himself – to hold her there.
guys – I’m telling you, they are,” she says, to Abigail’s skeptical look, “and last time I was with them they bought me like, a friggin’ feast because I let it slip I was eating Gas ‘n’ Sip burritos.”
“All the time you need, man.” Dean knows he’s babbling; his words are more like gasps than actual words. He doesn’t give a shit, not now. “Sam, Mom, we all missed you.”
“Hey.”
to be angry at Dean for being such a giant assbutt even
Mostly, though, it’s an absolute swell of LARPers. Some of them are dressed like their Pokemon, others in a matching type, others as a totally unrelated Pokemon. Hundreds of Pokemon are represented, from Rayquaza – a woman dressed in a tiny emerald crop top and billowy pants, but most impressively sporting an enormous headpiece with ferocious-looking jaws even in cardboard, strips of long gold tissue paper streaming off it – to Patrat, where a group of teenagers put on glasses with red and yellow bug-eyed lenses and affixed round black noses and called it a day.
Dean cracks an eye open at that, just to make sure his doofus of a little brother didn’t, like, give Cas some candy hearts to take to him. But no, it’s just Cas, the weirdo who walks around camp in thermal flannel PJs and clunky slippers,
“You asked!”
horrifyingly enough, or he’s bald. He’s heavier, enough to have a double or triple chin, or he’s so gaunt his eyes practically sink into his skull. He’s very old, or a young child. In a few of them, he’s a chick. But it’s always him.
Cas and his siblings gave an equally explosive testimony about Zachariah. Hannah, their eyes like flint, tells the courtroom about the time he looked them in their room for two days straight. Dean cringes through the testimony; he’s heard that story about Hannah before, but it doesn’t make it any easier to hear. Hannah merely lifts their chin by degrees, a challenge in their icicle gaze.
Dean knows Cas comes off as more than a little awkward when talking to any human that’s not him. Hell, the guy’s pretty fucking awkward talking to him, too. “If you say so,” Cas tells her, not unfriendly even if it’s still very
“Stepdad, who is one piece of work, was probably gonna use his powers for God only knows what if he found out.”
Dean looks up. The world’s not black and white any more; his eyes have adjusted.
A terrible thing is etched on his human face, pain and loss so nakedly obvious Castiel’s embarrassed to see it. It feels private. Less private is the golden glow that haloes him, and the way his soul stretches out to Castiel, long searching tendrils that radiate bright enough to steal the air from his lungs.
Cas’ eyes are slotted open while he does it. Dean wouldn’t put it past Cas not knowing that he’s supposed to close his eyes in this kind of situation, but it seems like more than that. Like he has to drink Dean in.
Rage rattles off him. Dean’s surprised he hasn’t been turned into smoking ash already. He thinks he hears footsteps behind him, voices outside the door, but until then –
doing it, his body lean in some places and thick in others, sucking his bottom lip between his teeth, how Emmanuel’s eyes would flit desperately from his face to his cock –
Dean isn’t gonna admit it, but he needs Cas. It’s messy and fucked-up and he should really look into getting some relationships in his life that aren’t freaky co-dependent, but it’s true. He needs him to clamp a hand over his eyes and walk behind Dean, hands on his shoulders or hips to keep him steady (Dean remembers that personal space lecture from years ago, and
“I like slow.” Cas slips his hand into Dean’s hair, strokes it until Dean’s practically purring.
Naomi continues, sitting porcelain behind her desk, dredging up things with barbs from the past. “Castiel. Think about it. Do you have any recollection of your parents at all?” “Fine, you were the younger sibling. Does Anna?”
“That isn’t true. You have to know that.” Cas doesn’t even look angry when he meets Dean’s eyes. There’s a weary expression on his face, a little sad.
Later, when they’re all back in the central house and Michael’s shucked the wading boots and cover-up, he shows Dean a picture of him and Asher together in front of the gate. Thinking about Mary helping another family is strangely perfect. They’re both grinning toothily, though Asher’s mouth is silver with braces. Dean elbows Sam about their twin sandy bowl haircuts.
Dean’s never been great at timing, but this moment all but fell into his lap, so he spins Cas around and kisses him. He throws all of himself into the kiss, hands roving up Cas’ chest until they find his cheeks to cradle them. Those hands are only moved away when Cas grips them right back, desperately, while his tongue slicks silk-smooth over Dean’s.
“I mean what happened.”
“If I could,” he says, at last, “I’d help you get him back. I’d help you find him. I would, Dean.” There’s a pause. The air crackles. “You make me want –”
“Are you enjoying this?” Cas’ tone puts a funny judder in Dean’s voice, and his tongue lolls out to taste the space between his balls and ass. Dean can’t see Cas’ face right now, just the top of his head, which is a damn shame. But he hears the smirk in his voice.
“It isn’t like that,” Cas says, with a deep solemnity to his voice. “I’m – glad to have another friend in this world. Kelly is a good woman and I’m glad she’s here, too. But we ‘got up to’ nothing.”
“I believe I owe you an apology,” Cas — Cas is drawling his words out, lazy and slow and easy, and Dean is
Sam’s the first to reply. “Of course.” Then, with just a hint of a smirk, he turns to Dean and declares, “Dean was definitely closest to the guy. You two go together.”
. She’s sure of it.) She’s not sure he understood his own feelings. Probably still doesn’t. Claire herself was only twelve at the time, with no context for any of it other than how her mom and dad used to smile at each other sometimes. But that love, that kind of love, the kind that made a supernova settle all its focus and power and care onto just one man, it got seared into her bones. She carries it in her soul.
The visual is almost funny, if not for – well. Everything.
“Don’t sell the others short,” Anna butts in, friendly. “Ombrinag helped out.” She jerks a thumb in the direction of a whip-thin woman with jet black hair, who grins up at them. With pointy teeth.
They still argue and fight, because there’s little nice about either of them, and even less pretty about the life they’ve lived. They’re still coming from two different worlds — and fuck, Cas was alive before the world they’re on even existed, and it’s never gonna stop being difficult having conversations with somebody like that. There are still things Dean says and immediately wishes he could bite back, and nights when Cas doesn’t join Dean in bed and Dean’s gotta punch the pillow over and over before he can actually sleep.
Dean sleeps. Cas watches him. Many things change; some do not.
“Meaning what we all just saw,” Charlie answers.
“No idea.” Cas sighs. “Huge chunks of our memories are still missing. We don’t know why we lost those memories, and we don’t know why we have these powers. Or even what they are.”
Dean notes, “Nice bling,” mouth charmingly full of mozzarella sticks.
They both definitely don’t fit like this, they don’t fit, so Dean follows the only option he sees. He tugs down Cas’ pants and underwear, and follows their path down himself, until he’s on his knees in front of Cas. Cas stills his hand on his own cock long enough to push three fingers into Dean’s mouth; he takes them in eagerly, sucks them harder when he feels the tremble there.
Right now, though, it’s just Dean and some of the people and Pokemon that he loves. They’re rewriting the book. It’s not perfect, because Dean physically feels the hollow where other people he loves are missing from his life, and the ones who are here can’t possibly write over what Dean’s already gone through. But when Dean looks out at the view, the lights of Opelucid and the smaller towns clustered around it beacons in the night, here is a good place to be.
is, but the situation ain’t exactly appropriate.
Dean’s heart jackrabbits in his throat. This is pathetic. He turns around, offering the best smile he can. “I just want some cereal right now, Sammy,” is all he says.
“It is. It’s home.” Mary exhales, inhales. She pushes the apocalypse world out, and welcomes the world she knows back in.
“Charlie,” Abaddon chuckles, “I obviously have a soft spot for redheads, so I’ll destroy you last. And I’ll give you this advice before I do: you are
Dragonite stays in the air for a few seconds after that, careening back and forth. Dean could tell she’s an impeccably well-trained Pokemon, after all, and he doubted Whimsicott was as strong as she was. But Whimsicott had the major type advantage, and Dragonite had already took damage in the battle. She thuds to the ground right in front of Michael, eyes falling shut as she faints.
“How long was I out for?” he mumbles, rubbing the back of his hand against his eyes.
missions, right?!” Dean barks, every time, because no way he just came back to watch some bastard Leviathan, or one of the demons that doesn’t listen to Meg, find Sammy and — and he forces the images out of his head, because he
Castiel, for his part, doesn’t even react. “Relying on anyone is a poor idea. You’re a warrior. So am I. We can and should do things on our own.”
about this problem in a nearby town. It’s a shojo, which – not
He lets his head loll against Cas’ shoulder. The warmth of him sinks right through the leather jacket; Purgatory’s cold, cold enough that Dean can feel it in his gut and sunk into his bones, and Cas’ warmth zips up his spine and tingles in his forearms and thighs and back, a sensation that Dean just flat-out forgot about. For a minute, it puts him on edge, the newness of it, until he exhales and lets it bleed deep into him.
“Do you want this?” Cas’ eyes are dark, still, but the crinkle between his eyes is pronounced; he was never good at poker facing.
A sound, almost like hissing, rises up in the room. At least if a Purrloin starts hissing, Dean knows to run the fuck away. They’re all frozen in place here, while the sound keeps growing:
And then he was gone again, and all Dean could do was shift his jaw and avoid the subject as much as possible. Fucking Cas. Guy came back twice in six months and disappeared about five minutes after that anew.
“I do.”
Vaporeon’s taken aback by the new surroundings, blinking at the assault of morning sun in her eyes, but after she’s thoroughly poked around for a couple of minutes, she’s as comfortable lolling on the hardwood floors here as she is in Dean’s place. He looks at Cas warily, expecting him to say something about the wet footprints she leaves behind, but he doesn’t do anything but smiling at her.
“The British Men of Letters killed Aiden,” Eileen tells him with no preamble. Sam’s head swoops, and not because those watered-down $13 Cosmopolitans were too strong. “He was only twenty-four.”
past it, he tells himself, and actually believes it. But even without that assertion, there’s no way he could have brought himself to – do that to Castiel. His brain trips if he even thinks about it.
“You know about trouble?”
. He’s got no damn practice with it, but it’s all he can do.
Dean’s not sure, but he thinks that’s why he finds himself buying like five Sausage McMuffins at the McDonald’s drive-thru before seven the next morning, and dumping them on the table in front of Cas when he’s just staring, still so pathetically
Now, he’d only have to lean forward an inch or two and they’d be skin on skin. They
Sometimes Dean looks backwards and for just a second, it’s like the tree branches are fingers attached to greedy hands, coming out to get him and pull him into Purgatory, tear him apart until the human bits are just a lost shell and he’s all demon, or vampire, or the other dark shit he’s had inside him and got too close to becoming, some time or another —
,” Gabriel explained. “Not exactly letting her walk me down the aisle, but you band together to save the world, and you end up forgiving some shit. Been trying to talk to Raphael and Michael, too. Wish I coulda gotten Raffy a day out of jail, she really ain’t bad when you talk to her one-on-one, but them’s the rules. Michael’s being a little difficult, but I’ll get to ‘im eventually.”
Before Dean can say anything, Sam catches sight of Cas and scoops both him and Dean up into his arms, pushing the three of them together. The position’s awkward; everyone’s suddenly all elbows and Dean’s face is squished against Sam’s ear. But it’s him and the two people who mean the most to him, his brother who kept him sane and his miracle of a best friend, and that transcends anything.
Whatever happened to Lucas Christopher, it turned out he wasn’t
“Cas,” he whispers out loud, again, after a little while, less plea and more prayer. “Sammy?” A whisper meant to reach across some other dimensions to find his brother. His gut churns, thinking of Sam and Kevin and maybe Meg if they’re friggin’ lucky — God, when did Meg on their side turn into good luck — armed with nothing but lettuce and oranges and oh God, Baby’s still on Earth, in a battle royale against a very pissed-off Leviathan horde that’s still got just about every advantage imaginable.
“Are you sorry you heard them?”
in the gut, now, at the idea that he put Cas in any kind of danger. “And your lovely sister!” He gives Anna, who’s just rushed up to them, a big, friendly wave.
“Yeah, only you get to call me stud,” Dean jokes, even if it hurts his chest to get a laugh out. The smile Cas gives him in return is so damn warm Dean wants to live in it.
Vaporeon’s skin is wetter than he remembered. A lot of it’s probably due to his tears. He’s pretty sure no one’s gonna hold it against him.
“I gotcha.” The woman’s accompanied by a Wigglytuff, who follows her out from behind the desk. Normally, Dean would be able to smile at his humongous bouncing hop-steps, but not now when the ache curdles deep in his gut. “Ya alright?”
They kiss for a while, slow and lazy and wet. Cas’ mouth seems hotter than it was last night, and his tongue slides into and out of Dean’s mouth. In-out, in-out, and Dean finds himself digging the balls of his feet into the floor so he can get the room he desperately needs inside his pants –
Dean thinks of Vaporeon sprawling helplessly through the air after that Rhydon’s Magnitude attack; he thinks of the way Cas reappeared in his life, which might as well have cracked the ground open, too. “Just hopin’ the train takes me to a better place this time around.” He ain’t optimistic.
He’s thinking of the quickest way to get to Room 15 when he flings the door open. There’s Cas on the other side. Dean inhales sharply and feels his eyes go wide, but recovers.
is settling into his bones and through his blood, when Dean’s lips – they don’t even brush his own, it’s more like a suggestion.
Her flush deepens, but then it fades. “Thanks,” she says, and it’s quiet but genuine. Aurorus nods too, his skin sparkling in the sun whenever he moves.
Yeah. Aside from the several awesome orgasms at first, that was about the best part of it. That whole
He’s not expecting shit, though. That’s what John Winchester would do. Say
“PM. What happened to your sock, man?”
Haley was cute, with dark hair and an intense look in her eyes even now while her nose was scrunched up. Her Sandshrew that knew the decimal system better than anyone short of her, too. “Nothing there but that city’s Dragon obsession and Shopping Mall Nine. And some really awful people, apparently.” She pushed a newspaper across the desk at him.
Naomi is there, too, stark as ever. There’s a large space around her, like she built an actual physical barrier there.
No, what they need to do is reach into the guts of the whole damn operation and rip them the fuck out.
way worse, the carving isn’t going to rain down the end of the world on his head.
started acting like it. Altaria, Aerial Ace.”
, obvious even on the wobbly recording and cut volume, and walks over and punches Thaddeus right in the face.
Most of the angels were not as disdainful of humans as Uriel or Zachariah. They were jealous of humans, certainly, but they loved humanity blindly, for being their Father’s favorite. Castiel is growing dangerously close to Pride as he thinks this, but he realizes now that they had no idea. They loved humanity, but they wouldn’t dare let themselves stretch out under it on a ratty sofa, still smelling like permanent marker; they would scoff at the
he is. Not ideal, but it’s a start.”
At that, Cas turns a small smile in Dean’s direction, and he falls for the guy all over again. “No apologies necessary. I doubt she minds now, is my point.”
Sam squints at her. Something’s so familiar there, and she’s certainly talking like she knows them. Dean looks away from the fire at last, and Sam nearly chokes on his breath of relief at the life in his eyes. “Krissy?” he asks.
. “Yes,” he heaves out, and Dean just has to stretch his own body over Cas’. It’s way harder to fuck the toy into Cas, now, but hey, everyone’s gotta make sacrifices every now and then, and it’s worth it for the nose-ful of raw angel pheromones he gets.
“I can’t guarantee what will happen, but Goldenrod is still there. I know that for a fact. I’ll be there with you. I can guard against danger, if nothing else.”
“Is that why Lucifer murdered him?” Castiel interrupts.
Cas is probably one of those between-sizes guys when it comes to pants, and the ones he has on are a little too big. There’s a little stripe of stomach between the sagging jeans, and not that Dean is looking but the guy’s skin is far more tan than Dean would’ve thought, what with Cas wearing about seventeen layers all the time and yeah, okay, the fact that Dean probably assumed all angels were all white as the driven snow even when they’d broken every damn assumption he’d ever had about them —
“As I’ll ever be.” Cas’ wings start to beat, loud like Dean’s heartbeat thudding in his ears, and then he rises off the ground and up into the air.
left.”
“Alright. At least you all get along great. Come with us.”
Dean doesn’t like the sound of that at all. But before he gets much of a chance to think about it, Crowley cuts in. “As a matter of fact, they’re interviewing with us! Just a few preliminary questions. We’re sure they’ll pass muster again, and you all can – have your fun together.” Dean’s a little freaked out by Rowena’s skeleton grin, but Crowley’s smile makes it looks like he wants to devour Dean alive. “They’re all in the back.” He motions to Dean to follow him.
Whenever Dean thinks about relationships, lets his mind roll over the word, he wants to run. Bolt away, really. Not because he doesn’t want it, even if he’s sure most people assume he only wants to mess around, and he’s fine doing nothing to dissuade that assumption. It’s because he wants it too damn much.
The dull expression in Castiel’s eyes is extra unimpressed. “You worry about many things, Dean. Your immediate family. The people you consider your adopted family. The state of the world. And yes, the other Castiel. But it wasn’t just worry.”
Anna’s phone stops ringing. Before anyone can express relief, though, Cas pulls out his phone. It’s ringing now. “Guess who,” he says, grimly. His phone is still in his hand, but he stares at it like he could will the whole thing to wither if he really, really tried.
He stops looking at the Rotom in the shop. After all, whatever form they were in, they never lost the creepy empty ghost eyes. And Dean’s had enough of ghosts that seem to follow him everywhere, anyway.
, and not even the Japanese version but the shitty American one.
The Swords of Justice see their opening, and strike.
“You told me about the Shinx in the alley.”
Dean, very suddenly, finds himself looking right into the eyes of an Alakazam. He jolts back a bit, he admits. He
“You’re welcome,” Dean finds himself saying, ridiculously.
“Is this alright?” Cas asks, as sparks skitter up Dean’s spine and grow goosebumps across his skin.
She feels a couple of tears spill down her face at that, unbidden. She thinks of the man she thought Rooney was, and the kind of person Cas is. Maybe he really has taught Jack, and the world will be better for it. She doesn’t know where to begin with their life, how to make friends for her and Jack, and her mind is spinning furiously when –
Dean knows they can’t go back to the beginning, when he was awed and petrified of Castiel walking into that barn, sparks spitting and popping all around him like whatever had pulled Dean from Hell was powerful enough to put out light too. They can’t even go back to what they were at the end of the Apocalypse, and they never could after Dean was the one to pour the circle of holy oil in that freaky clean little shack. After Dean swore
Dean flops over onto his back. “Alright, lemme be the one to ask.” He’s amazed that he’s able to get words out, let alone that his voice sounds normal. “What the hell
“Not just ours. There are people out there, their lives are hard. They have nothing, and the world can be so cruel. I want to try and make things better.”
, at least, and deep down Dean really, really doesn’t want to know what would happen if he fell off this cliff, but the temptation to just let that fall happen to him swells scary huge inside him.
back in to put his tongue where it had been.
is out as an insult from this point, whoo boy.)
“You have a
Dean keeps his eyes open too. It’s not a challenge. It’s a greeting; it’s capitulation.
But Dean is simply different than the other people he’s helped. His
“Yeah,” Dean says, shooting Vaporeon a thumbs-up. He’s stunned that background check went through. Bobby and Rufus had fixed him up something like a resume that had something listed under his skills beyond just B&E, but he didn’t think it would actually pass muster anywhere. He owes the two of them some nice whiskey.
Dean snorts, because if you can actually get him to talk feelings, don’t interrupt him with any goddamn logic. “Fine. Inais?”
They head past streets that would be hopelessly dark, were it not for the blinking blue and white lights along the way. Those streets give way to the cobblestone paths in the older section of town, which eventually bleed out to nothing but nature. Dean never knew it was this pretty right outside Opelucid, full of rolling hills and patches of trees with Spearows flitting about them. Rattata rush across their path, and soon Vaporeon’s chasing after them while Staraptor takes flight with the Spearows.
“Only you in there?”
There’s so
She’s a short woman, and right now she’s a mess. Across the field, people and Pokemon alike are running to embrace each other; no one has come to see Naomi, not one of her trainees or anyone she hired, nobody at all. Naomi built an empire, and she’s got nothing to show for it but her Pokemon. Dean really shouldn’t feel bad, considering what she’s done, but he does. He does.
