“Careful,” Steve says, “it’s my only - ”
"No," she agrees, taking the offered gasper. "I won't."
up here in the penthouse?  Of course, there’s no reason to let
"Yeah, I know."  Banner takes his spectacles off, rubs the bridge of his nose.  "Who do you think helped Blonsky with his research after the Army cut him off?  I thought - I thought I was helping.  I thought, maybe if they could control those boys - "
“Sometimes,” Coulson said.
“Tony.”
“What do you want from me, Tony?” Steve says.  “Bruce asked me for help, so I did what I had to do.  It has nothing to do with - ”
sound, but doesn't break.  Stark looks down at it and whistles softly.  "That's quite a grip you've got there, Captain," he says in a low voice, and when Steve meets his gaze it feels like Stark can see everything he's thinking, all the way down.
“Yeah, and I’m an independent contractor,” Tony says.  “I saw an opening and I went for it.  Sometimes it’s a swing and a miss.”
Pepper smiles fondly.  “It was ugly between you two once.  I don’t want you to get hurt like that again.”
“Somehow I doubt that,” Tony said.
It’s only for a second, until Friday automatically flips on night vision.  It doesn’t help much, just gives him the outline of hundreds of tiny drones - of course it’s drones, fucking
Tony whirls on Steve.  “Your
“Well, that’s what they did after that time when that guy went back to his dorm and - ”
“I don’t think Jingle Bells was ever really sacred,” Steve said.
“I don’t remember you and I making that many together,” Nicola says, and downs hers in one gulp.  She leans forward until her lips barely brush his ear.  “Does that NDA we both signed in ‘04 still apply?”
But Peggy was already gone, off to shut herself in the spare bedroom with the telephone.
Tony looked around at the wine-glass-and-nacho strewn room.  “Uh.  Maybe in the morning?”
“We don’t all have the money and the status to convince people to look the other way,” Steve says, and Tony doesn’t try to argue, because it’s true.  “All I’ve got is my career, and if I lose that, I’ll have no way to get to Bucky.”
“He’s right,” Tony said.  “This should be impossible.  It took Hank Pym thirty years to ge his wife out of here.  Then again, he may be smart, but he’s no
“I’m not insulted,” Steve said.  “I don’t really do Thanksgiving either.”
not to stare) and grabbed a towel from the pile but did not, and Tony couldn’t help but wonder if it was strategic, use it to cover literally anything.  “I think I’m done for the night.  Uh, unless you wanted to go in the hot tub, Tony - ”
“Which means…”
“We should move HQ to South Dakota,” Tony announces.  “Alcohol is cheap, the views are acceptable in the dark, and you can almost ignore the smell of manure.  It’s not so bad.”
Banner’s head snaps towards her.  “Yes?”
.  Hang on.  I’m sorry, I - it’s you, okay?  I promise, you’re definitely him.”
“What
“It’s just that you started leaving clean underwear in my middle drawer,” Tony said.
“That’s… a little nerve-wracking,” Peter says.
“That was the last of it, anyway,” Natasha said, grinning.  “We only had twenty bucks left to spend.”
And that’s when Tony says, “I thought you said you weren’t interested in a bargain?”
“Nobody’s buying beer,” Tony started, which was rich considering he’d definitely started drinking when he was younger than they were now, but that was the
There was a beat of silence, and then Peggy laughed, and Steve realized that was his cue: he laughed too.  He figured that Bob and Shirley
shines up at him, and he stands up so quickly his chair squeaks.
Steve goes stiff, and the glass in his hand makes an ominous
“I try to keep my workouts private,” Steve said.  “Can’t go around making everybody else feel insecure.”
Tony winked at him and disappeared, his footsteps echoing down the hall.
Where was he?  He was supposed to - he
today, so fuck it, they owe me, bring it up, J.”
“That’s okay,” Tony said.  “You should probably go back to sleep.”
trying to save the world.”
“Sure.  Or draw us out.”
it, and then Steve pretended not to notice when Natasha started passing around a flask under the table because look, if he could’ve gotten drunk he would’ve had a couple of swigs of his own, all right?
“Not as old as you though, Dad,” Morgan adds cheerfully, which shuts Tony up quick.
“Really,” Steve said.
“Um, maybe?  I might skip the reminder about how you used to hate each other, but other than that - ”
Steve flipped over and backstroked the length of the pool.  “I thought I was being a fun drunk.  We’re skinny dipping!”
nothing.  Steve walked away from the ship.  The landscape, if you could call it that, felt like it went on too long.  It was the horizon, Steve realized, or rather the lack thereof.  Whatever he was on, it wasn’t a sphere; with eyes like his, he could see in every direction for - well, longer than a person was supposed to.
“I can assure you he won’t mind,” Thor said smugly.
“Don’t say that.”
“It’s not a trick question, it’s a very real question.”
“You don’t know that for sure,” Tony said sullenly.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Steve said, and slammed the bathroom door shut behind him.
He winds his way south next, spends a couple of nights in the hills of southern Tennessee, then rents a cabin in the Ozarks and spends the days hiking through the empty woods and the nights curled up in a rocking chair with a scratchy blanket, trying to focus on the stars.
Natasha lifts a shoulder.  “You wouldn’t be the first.”
Bruce shrugs.  “I’ve never really thought about it, but it checks out.  What’s that phrase?  It’s a thin line between love and hate?
“And why should we go into business with a fella from the bureau of investigation?”
And, Natasha thinks wryly, if they’re
“It was my playroom.  And it still has a few toys.”  Stark leans down and picks up one of the hunks of metal, which shines brighter than anything else in the room.  “Whaddya think?”
“Well, he’ll have to get over it,” Tony said.  “Or, you know.  Under it.”
“What’s so surprising about that?”
secret mansion you have access to.  Oh, wait.”
“That’s the spirit,” Stark says.
“In perpetuity,” Tony says.
The last of the boiling hot anger at Barnes, the rage that burned bright in Siberia and cooled considerably over the better part of a decade, goes suddenly dark in the pit of Tony’s stomach.  He looks around the hallway and gives in.  “I’m just gonna - yeah, I’m gonna sit.  Is that weird, if I sit here?”
, he knows there’s no reason to get caught up in something like that, it’s risky in the best of circumstances and these certainly aren’t the best of circumstances, but -
"No, it's not," Steve says.
glowing because, you know, wow.
“Don’t kill him!” Steve called as Clint tore out of the kitchen cackling and Thor chased after him.   “I like Clint quite a bit and also I don’t know what we would do if we had to take Thor in, we don’t have anyone strong enough to do it, it’s actually something I worry about once in a whi - ”
From the bar, the others all look up.  “You take on the whole mob without us?” Miss Romanov asks.
Tony pinches him.  "Well, aren't you full of yourself."  His fingers skate up Steve's inner thigh, wrap around the base of Steve's rapidly-hardening cock.  "I'll take you skiing one day.  I still have a chalet in Switzerland.  I think."
“I’m taking your measurements.”
Tony sat next to him quietly for a while.  If Steve had needed any more confirmation that the man beside him was a hallucination, he wouldn’t have needed it anymore; the real Tony Stark had never been silent for so long in his entire life.
“Nope,” Tony agrees.  “I see her more than my dad saw me, though, so I guess I could be doing worse.”
“Hey, Cap?”
back,” Tony said.
“Thor, out of there,” Tony snapped, and Thor jumped out of bed and sauntered out of the room.  “Same goes for you.  For all of you!  The rules apply across the board.  JARVIS will be watching.  Capisce?  Great.  Back to your regularly scheduled teenagering.”
“I would take offense if it wasn’t completely true,” Clint said.
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “I guess it was.”
“Around the time I stopped hating you,” Steve said.
“It’s a little funny,” Tony said.
He wakes up to early afternoon light and Pepper hanging clothes in the closet.
The next time Tony showed up, Steve was waiting for the train, and it was pouring.
“Man,” Clint said under his breath as Tony stalked away.  “He’s strict.”
Tony pulls back.  “Jesus Christ.  You too?  You think I should have done it differently?  You’re on their side?”
“Can it, Rogers,” Sitwell snaps, and three men loom up behind him, taller than Steve and cracking their knuckles.
“I’m really not,” Bruce said.
Bruce stares at him.  “I don’t know.  There’s no way to - ”
“You know I try,” Natasha says.  She studies Stark for a second and then decides to go for the throat.  “You heard from Rogers?”
“Don’t move,” Pierce says, and as Steve whirls around he sees Pierce just a few steps away, tommy gun aimed right at his chest.  “I mean it, Rogers.  You move, you’re dead.  If
“So whaddya say, Nat?” Barton says.  “We working for this Coulson guy?”
“Are you
wrong,” Clint said, because Clint was a shit-stirrer at heart.
He makes it back to New York in a day and a half.
“He did mean all of us, you think?” Banner says hesitantly.  “I just - if they knew my background - ”
“Oh for fuck’s
They stared at each other.  Tony got the feeling Steve wasn’t understanding the magnitude of the situation.
“The team is - look, I’m grateful for it, real grateful, but we both know this isn’t sustainable,” Steve says.  “We’re not - we’re not
Steve doesn’t give himself time to think about it: he presses his lips to Stark’s and they stumble backward.  The door opens under Stark’s hands and Steve barely notices the room they fumble their way into, and then Stark is pushing at his jacket, yanking at the sleeves.
have any ground to say you didn’t do anything - okay, new rules!  No whining.  No shopping.  No sneaking out.  JARVIS, restrict elevator access for all minors.”
“Wait,” Steve says, a catch of uncertainty in his voice that he wasn’t expecting.  “You just - that’s it?”
“No?” Tony said.  “So what are you guys talking about?”
“I don’t like the way you say that with such certainty.”
“New York Presbyterian,” Friday says.  “Sergeant Wilson is with him.”
“Takes one to know one, I saw a kid-sized Maserati in the garage a few weeks ago.”
“But it was worth it, right?” Tony said.  “Because of Peggy.”
“I know, and wasn’t that a pretty clear sign that I didn’t want to talk to anyone?”
“Bruce said the Ancient One was pretty clear about the risks,” Steve said.  “We all agreed we wouldn’t mess with the timeline, so this?  This is me not messing with the timeline.”
"Can somebody just hold still for a second while I reload?" Stark calls out, and as Steve spins away from a punch he sees Stark fiddling with his armband.
“I can take him.  I’ve fought bigger fellas!”
“I will,” Steve says.  “A lot.”  He lets his gaze drift down to Tony’s lips.  “Maybe later.”
Eventually Tony wanders out and lowers gingerly onto the next lounge chair over.  "Hi."
“Didn’t you feel me?” Tony said slowly.  “I was - when I touched you, it felt warm.  I thought you could - are you sure you didn’t feel me?”
“Hi, kiddo,” Tony says.  “Sorry I missed breakfast.”
Romanov looks at Stark, Banner, and Steve and arches an eyebrows.  "I like the kind of customers who can take care of themselves."
“Probably not.”
“What kind of weapons do
“Yeah, yeah, I’m going.”  Barnes shoves his keys in his pocket, and with one last pointed glance at Tony, closes the door behind him.
“I know.”
to inspire the kind of anger that would have brought the Hulk hurtling forth in a past life.  Steve knows that when they're not around, Bruce tries different tactics entirely; he knows that Natasha would never say it out loud, but she’s worried that one day he'll try swallowing another bullet, and this time, it'll take.
“Not by much,” Steve said.  “So does this mean I get more than just the middle drawer?”
Tony let out a breath.  “So.  First time in this body.  That’s, uh.  Well, I’ll admit it, that’s hot.  For a number of reasons.  Not in like a weird popping your cherry kinda way - okay, maybe a
“Right,” Tony says, and reaches for the door.
“I work at the Army base as a clerk,” Peggy said.
“You had
Tony looks at his watch again.  “Do you know what happened?”
“Yeah, this would be a super inconvenient time to get food poisoning,” Clint said.
"You don't think I'm a goody two shoes."
Banner lowers his fists.  "Sorry."
“You expecting me to thank you for your service?”
heads turning his way.
,” Tony said.
“Hello?” Steve says through the box.
“We were playing around with the hormone and heart rate mix that Bruce hit the day you laid into him, and I told him it was his fault you’d taken off,” Tony says.  “The big guy showed up just long enough to call you puny and then left Bruce behind in pants 12 sizes too big.  But hey, it’s a start.”
Steve fights back a yawn of his own.  “I should get back to the city.”
“And you didn’t need any help?”
“So that seems fun,” Tony said.
“Not much,” Tony said.
“Weapons, mostly,” Stark says.  “Some chemical stuff.  No hooch that we could see, so your business should be safe enough for now, Miss Romanov.”
“Okay, if I drop them, I promise I’ll clean them up,” Clint said.
Steve must feel him looking.  He looks over at him and says, “What?”
“I mean, maybe booze would do it.”
“Wasn’t it you who said ‘no speeches’?” Natasha pointed out.
“You said it at Thanksgiving dinner, Tony.”
“Uh,” Steve said, “because she can
Steve rebuckles his belt and decides to make the best of it.  The kitchen's fully stocked and the backyard's full of expensive-looking furniture, so he makes himself a sandwich and spreads out on a lounge chair next to the pool.  It's breezy but not cold, and LA's been subject to rolling blackouts for two years but it's all lit up tonight, twinkling yellow lights as far as Steve can see in every direction except west, where the ocean spreads out dark and endless.  This would have been an okay place to vacation, back when they still did things like that.
“Okay,” Tony said finally.
“Tony,” Pepper says, and Tony just keeps his smile frozen in place.
“Good luck to you both,” Thor said gravely, following them out.
“Oh,” Tony said.  “Home.”
here?  How do we make sure we don’t walk through him?”
“Did you just somehow turn
No, what
“Nobody ever said you should, Barton,” Tony said.  “In fact, after me, you’re probably the
“Oh, Cap, I saw an autotuned version of your interview with J. Jonah Jameson,” Scott says on speakerphone from San Francisco.  “It was hilarious, I’ll send it to the grouptext.”
“Where are they?”
“Love is a strong word,” Natasha says.  “I’d say we only
"What?" Steve says, when he realizes Tony's staring at him.
“Huh.”  Bruce nods thoughtfully.  “Okay.  Well, that’s cool.”
“Then we’ll be there to make sure you don’t have to get started,” Clint says, jerking his head toward Thor.  “You’ll be on intel gathering only, Doc.”
“As much as I appreciate the implication that I can read your mind, you’ll need to be more specific, sir,” JARVIS said.
Barton shrugs.  "Just thought you might want to know," he says blandly.
“True, I have tried just about everything.”
Jameson grins at Tony, and Tony wants to punch him.  “We’re already on our way out, Mr. Stark.  Thank you so much for your hospitality.”
Natasha accepts another glass of champagne from Stark and sips it, surveying the crowd.  It’s an interesting mix: plenty of rich men like Stark - none quite as rich as him, but then, who is - with younger girls hanging off their elbows, but plenty of self-made women too, showing off the latest fashions from Paris and making eyes at anybody who catches their interest.
"That's not why I'm here," Steve says quickly.  "Stark, do you mind?"
“I hope you’re not about to tell me off for what I said back there,” Steve says, folding his arms across his chest.
“I don’t know,” Tony said.  “I don’t have all the answers.  But I’m not - she cares about you, right?  She wouldn’t want you to stay when you’re so unhappy.  And you don’t want to make her unhappy anymore, either.  Neither of you deserve that.”
,” Tony said, and sat down heavily on the edge of his bed.  “Come on, you gotta warn a guy before you do something like that.  I have a bad heart, that kind of move could
“It’s not really a question,” Tony says.  “It’s more of a - it’s an idea, really.  A thought.  Question is probably a stretch, actually, it’s really more - ”
, Barton.”
“That’s a technicality.”
Steve glares at the buttons on the panel next to the doors.  A servant with nothing to do but drive, six automobiles, an automated elevator - Stark clearly spares no expenses, and wastes plenty, too.  Steve can’t wait to give him a piece of his mind and then turn around and go straight home.
“I’m sorry, is this a confession?  Should I be writing it all down?” Steve says.
“You don’t have to do this,” Tony said.
"It has to be personal," he says.  They're seated around the big table at the base, the one where they all used to fit back when there were more of them.  Nobody's ever talked about taking away any of the chairs.
“I am also drunk,” Tony admitted.  “How was spelunking?”
“Yeah, and having a target on my back is brand new to me,” Tony says.  “Don’t sweat it.”
"I wouldn't know anything about that," Steve says.  "And you probably wouldn't want to, either."
“Not at the moment, but give me a few hours, I’ll think of something,” Tony said witheringly.
Steve whirls around, his eyes flying open.  “Why am I - your
“No!” everybody said.  At least two people threw napkins at him.
Steve raises an eyebrow as if to say,
“You don’t know what you’re getting yourselves into,” Banner warns.
It’s like a grenade, Steve thinks as he throws his hands over his face automatically, but the shrapnel doesn’t come, just noise and smoke and a hell of a lot of confusion.  Several men stumble backwards, tripping over chairs and crashing into each other, and someone lets off a volley of bullets.
them?”
Steve bristles.  “I wasn’t being nosy.  It’s just that a couple of ladies jumped in the pool, and now they’re walking around in just their underthings and I wanted to get them some towels to - ”
"That's gonna be expensive, Stark," Romanov sighs, and that's when everything goes haywire.
“Is it helping?”
"Good thing, too, 'cause if you were you'd have been terrible at it," the man says, leaning back in his seat, his eyes raking Steve up and down.  "Odinson had you made in five seconds flat."
And that’s when the door swung open behind him.
“A little bit,” Steve said.  “But then I stopped hating you and started falling in love with you oh my
“I’m not doing a speech,” Tony said.  “I’m just - ”
Tony jerked back and spun toward the door.  “You have got to be kidding me.”
"Not really," Steve says, waving down the bartender, Odinson.  "Another whiskey for me, and whatever my friend here wants."
“We’re getting there,” Hope said from where she was bent over the console.  Across the room, Hank and Janet were doing final checks on the quantum realm ship.  “You ready?”
"Good," Tony says.  He spreads his legs apart, gives Steve better access, but Steve pulls off with a soft
“I could pull up each search history and leave blank spaces for searches that were redacted,” JARVIS offered.  “Only the histories since their transformation, of course.”
It’s a little awkward when Steve comes back downstairs; he looks between them like he knows something happened but isn’t sure he wants to know what it is.  There’s a big round of goodbye hugs and kisses from Morgan, and Pepper hugs Tony, and then Pepper turns to Steve and hugs him too, and it’s - god, it’s so awkward, but it’s okay too, and Tony’s doesn’t feel great when they get back in the Audi but he feels better than he usually does when he leaves Morgan behind so that’s something.
“I’m from tomorrow,” the other Tony said, and winked.  “I needed the time to recover.”
“If it’s impaled him somewhere, removing it could kill him,” Banner warns from over Steve’s shoulder.
“A bunch of fucking iPhone screens,” Tony says, throwing his phone onto the table.  “I don’t know what this is, but it’s not some long-buried demon.  It’s tech.”
“It does go with the yams, actually,” Tony said, not that anyone had asked because they were all too busy stuffing their faces.
“I hate you, but maybe,” Tony says.  “We haven’t even kissed!  I don’t even know if he wants to kiss me.  I mean, at first I was like, I’m definitely misinterpreting this, because he’s always been straight, or whatever, and even if he’s not it’s
“Bruce,” Tony said.  “Brucie.  My brother in arms.  My bosom friend.”
“It’s too bad they won’t let me buy it from them,” Tony said with a dramatic sigh.
“Okay,” Tony says.  “That’s it.  That’s all I wanted to say.”
“There it is,” Tony says.  “
“That sucks,” Tony says, because it does.
It’s slid under his door, which means that somebody, Barton probably, actually came to his
“If there’s one thing the future got right, it’s mattresses,” Steve agreed.  It was crowded in the bed, the space between them barely a hair’s breadth, but the half of Tony’s face that Steve could see in the dim light looked happy enough.
“Right,” Steve agreed.  “Which is why I actually went for it.”
“You think I should take a man down for a crime he hasn’t yet committed?”
“Steve’s drunk,” Tony said by way of explanation.
“Not really,” Steve said.  “I just didn’t want to get roped into setting the table or something.”
, Tony.”
“Don’t be so sure.”
Banner whirls on Steve.  "You're a cop?"
“When do I stop being a
cook - in the 30s and 40s food didn’t just appear magically after a quick phone call, apparently, so Steve could fry eggs and steam vegetables and cobble together spaghetti and meatballs, and everybody knew he made a mean roast beef sandwich and always ate like seven of them immediately after a mission.
.  It was too bad wine didn’t mix and match well, he thought, filling his glass as high as he could while also guaranteeing (well, mostly guaranteeing) that he wouldn’t spill on his way back to the table.
She doesn’t look at him.  “How many retirements is that now?”
Tony would have guessed it would be weird sleeping with a guy you’ve known for years, a guy you’ve punched in the face (repeatedly), a guy you never thought would sleep with guys at all and especially not with you, but Tony can admit when he’s wrong and he’s
“Glad to hear it,” Friday says.  “Captain Rogers is with her.”
“I was actually picturing bigger,” Tony said, feigning disappointment.
“I showed up from the future and asked her to marry me,” Steve said.  “What was she supposed to say?  We eloped with a justice of the peace and a witness we had to pay for.  Every little girl’s dream, right?”
“Yeah,” Peter says.  He glances at Tony, and then back down.  “It’s just - it seems like it was tough, probably.”
Steve pushes himself to his feet; he’s unsteady, but he holds up his fists and squints through the darkness and -
“Well, it’s hard to be demanding when you’re dead,” Tony said.  “I - look, you’re the only person I’ve talked to in - honestly I don’t know how time works, exactly, but it
“Absolutely,” Tony said.
“No, I understand,” Tony says.  “Crystal clear, Cap.  Thanks for a fun night, anyway.”
“What if I am?” Steve says, guarded.
Romanov holds his gaze.  "Tell him yourself.  Tomorrow, 3 o'clock, before the bar opens.  The door'll be unlocked."
A woman walking by gawks.  Tony waves and turns back to the intercom.  He has two choices: hit the keypad and hope for the best, or turn tail and run back home.  And every moment he stands here increases the risk that Steve walks out of the building and catches him, or someone takes a picture of him and it ends up on Twitter, or -
“Once,” Steve said.  “Before the serum.”
“Are you expecting we’re gonna have to?” Rogers says.
Steve stuck his head into the freezer.  He’d never say it out loud, but god, he missed central air conditioning.  “Do you have a point with all this?”
“There was a balloon,” Tony said.  “Almost hit the building.  Crisis narrowly averted.”
“It’s not the holidays without a good feud,” Tony said cheerfully.
don't mind," the bartenders says jovially.  "The Hawk, on the other hand - "
“It’s a really close call,” Tony said.  “Can I help you with something?”
“Steve Rogers,” Steve says, shaking her hand.  “How do you do?”
“You know, I like him more and more every day,” Tony says brightly.
Steve opens his mouth to snap back at Tony, but he looks up just in time to see that Tony’s not mocking him at all.  He’s - curious, actually.  He seems to want to really know.
“Nothing,” Tony says, and jumps out of the plane.
“Whatever,” Morgan said.
what defines you."
“Once in a while.”
“Because I’m guessing meeting me at sixteen wasn’t exactly a turn on,” Steve said.
“You have an alert set up for when he’s here?” Happy says, raising his eyebrows.
“What matters isn’t how I feel, what matters is what’s right,” Steve says firmly.
Tony looked around incredulously at the rest of the team.  “Am I the only one hearing this?”
“Nothing.”  Steve rolled over, away from Tony, and stared at the beige wall.
“You shouldn’t have,” Bucky says.  “You gotta go, Steve,
“You work for that SHIELD thing?” Clint said around half a mouthful of poptart.
“Jeez,” Bruce says.  “Are you guys teenagers or something?”
"Not that it matters," Natasha says one day as they stand behind the glass in his lab, watching him pump himself full of epinephrine, dopamine, steroids, in different combinations and at dosages that would kill a normal man several times over.  "There's nothing to smash right now, anyway."
“You driving, boss?” Happy asks, holding out the keys as Tony steps out of Balthazar.
“Hi,” Tony said.
Peter asks, once, when they’re in the workshop, and Tony’s teaching him how to reprogram Karen because really, he should have taught the kid this a long time ago, and they’re both looking at the screen - well, Peter’s looking at the screen but Tony’s looking at Peter, because he always wants to have his eyes on Peter these days - when Peter says, apropos of nothing, “It was pretty bad around here, wasn’t it?”
Steve grimaced.  “Why’d you have to put that image in my head.”
"Asshole," Steve breathes, threading his hand in Tony's hair and pulling hard, just the way he knows Tony likes it.  Tony hums, and Steve arches his back, trying to force his dick further down Tony's throat, but Tony holds him down firmly.  Not that Steve couldn't shake him off - he could, in less time than it takes to think about it - but he likes it, Tony holding him down, Tony looming over him, Tony telling him what to do.  He's pretty sure Tony's figured out that he likes it, which would be embarrassing if things like that mattered anymore.
“I don’t mind,” Steve says.  “Morgan’s easy to like.  You should start bringing her to meetings, she can be a junior Avenger.”
"It's not the worst hit I've taken," Steve says curtly, and he's being honest, though not in exactly the way he wants Stark to think.
"You're gonna be waiting a long time, Mr. Killian," Romanov says sweetly as Barton and Odinson file into place behind her.  She slides the glass of gin across the bar, and Killian picks it up and slowly lifts it to his lips.
you asked for this, Bruce, because I want you to hear it.  You know, it kind of figures that when it really came down to it, you choked.  You think you're this big strong guy when you're the Hulk, but that's not really
“I mean, where else are teenagers supposed to go?” Clint said.
“After he went up to talk to them,” Sam says.  “Tried to talk them down.  When he wakes up he’ll probably say it’s his own damn fault.”
In the middle of the night, Tony wakes up with a start and rolls over, suddenly anxious, but Steve is still there, his back slowly rising and falling in the dim light.  Tony doesn’t mean to stay awake watching him, because that’s weird and lame, but he must forget to stop because eventually Steve stirs and opens his eyes.  “What?” he says, blinking sleepily up at Tony.
“Um, yeah,” Tony said.  “Let’s do that
There’s a tiny flash and then… nothing.  The elemental doesn’t react, doesn’t turn around, just keeps swinging at the helmeted man, but now he’s got a miniscule hole in his side.
“Not sure what you expected,” Sam says.  “Did you think you could convince him not to be a bigoted, conspiracy theory-believing asshole by
would be a real - ”
“ - it’s really more that I think there’s somebody alive in the world who shouldn’t be, and I’m kinda worried it might be me,” Tony blurts out.
“That was a very
“Well, wasn’t that a wonderful use of a time out,” Thor rumbled from the commentator’s box.  “Steve, Tony, from the bottom of our hearts, we’re so happy to see you finally pull your heads out of your respective asses.  Well done both of you.  Now can we get back to baseball?  Frankly we all know I’m just here for the afterparty, so if we wouldn’t mind proceeding?  Thank you.”
"Lotta people went missing during the war."
Steve snorted.  “This world doesn’t care one way or another.  I learned that a long time ago.”
“When I can find the time,” Bob said.
“You didn’t used to smoke.”
“I heard about what you were planning to do tonight,” Scott said, “and officially, I’m under orders from Hank to try to talk you out of it, but
“Thor hid them in the planter,” Steve said, brushing dirt off them as he handed them back to Bruce.
“Mm,” Steve said noncommittally, reading the first sentence on the page several times in a row.
“Uh, I don’t know, maybe he had a bad relationship with his father?” Peter says, wrapping up a clawed arm in webbing.
“Anything you want in particular?” he murmured, backing them toward the bed and pulling Steve’s shirt off at the same time, because efficiency.  “And since I know you’re gonna tell me, this is an opportunity to learn and I am going to be the world’s best student - ”
“Yes!” Clint said, grabbing the nachos and leading the way into the adjourning parlor (because really, it was a parlor, that’s the only term for a room like that, Tony would know, and how weird was it that Clint had a
“You can think of me as your handler.”
“Could you?  I’m not
work,” Bruce said.  “If what Steve’s been… told by Tony... is true, it’s a little different than, you know, anything that’s ever been done in the history of the world.”
“For example,” Beck’s saying on screen, “who was the top contractor leading the clean up after the battle of New York?  Stark Industries.  Who had early notice that half the world was coming back, enough to put all his consumer facing businesses back to work so they were first to market with all kinds of post-Blip tech?  Stark Industries.”
“I can open a whatever it’s called,” Steve said, sipping Natasha’s wine.  “And I want a cab.”
As if Steve could have possibly forgotten.  “It’s gonna work.”
“Cap, I’m joking, it’s fine,” Stark says.  “Half the house is full of people making good use of closed doors; if I ever had any privacy, I sure don’t now.  Jarvis!”
“Okay, so even if you don’t miss anything else about the future, you’ve
“Because if I had guaranteed muscles for life and no potential beer belly in sight I’d eat nothing but cheeseburgers.”
“It did, didn’t it,” Beck says, so flatly that the hairs on the back of Tony’s neck stand up.  “You know, it’s funny.  I had all these plans for what I was going to say to you, but now that it’s here I just have one question: why’d you do it?”
Tony has no idea where Barnes lives.  He doesn’t ask, and nobody tells him.
“They got Janet van Dyne out.”
“And that,” Tony says.  He leads the way out of the bedroom, Nicola trailing after him, her heels dangling from her fingers.  “Happy’ll take you wherever you want to go - you remember Happy?”
“Do you think if we dosed you with truth serum, anything would even change?” Steve said with a smirk.
Agent Coulson showed up bright and early the next morning, and Tony nearly wept with relief.
Tony flips over in the air before he even knows what he’s doing.  “He
Natasha shrugs carefully.  “We’re an establishment operating outside external influence.  We’ve always got a target on our back.”
“You could argue that, but I think you’ll find that Tony Stark has managed to build a company that is
Tony arches an eyebrow. "What?"
Barton and Odinson supervise the men's speedy exit - Odinson throws Banner's opponent over his shoulder, hauls him up the stairs, and drops him at the door without ceremony - and Romanov pours a round of top shelf whiskey as Banner eases Steve's suit jacket off him and inspects his wound.
"Stan sent me," he says as a man steps into the light.  He's clearly the muscle of the joint: narrowed eyes, thick neck; Steve can't make out a weapon but he assumes it's there.
“The entire future?  No.  I’m not stupid.”
“Sounds about right,” Clint said.  “Steve?”
Tony stared at him.
not interested in Tony that way.
There are protests now, food shortages, ugly custody battles and divorce cases, and Tony wonders when the fingers will start to point. The paparazzi who wait outside Stark Tower every day have already stopped yelling thank yous and started asking questions.
“That’s not funny.”
“Now.”  She raises her eyebrows, and Bruce’s gaze slides to the man who still seems to think he has a chance.
“I can take it,” Steve says, and Tony thinks for a second that it’s an accusation,
Everyone else waits patiently while Tony and Fury stare each other down from opposite ends of the table.
“I can see that,” Tony says.  “Any left for me, or did you eat them all?”
“Not at all,” Steve said.
“Thanos was a megalomaniac who would have done what he did no matter what,” Bruce says.
"So here's a question," Clint called from shortstop.  "Which one of you is pitching and which one of you is catching?"
Steve smirked.  “You trying to get an HR violation of your own, Stark?”
“Nothing’s impossible these days, Tony,” Beck says, and chuckles.  “You know who taught me that?
are - "
"Makes you hard," Natasha gasps, sassing Clint back even as he works her bare ass red with his belt.
for analyzing my own subconscious?”
"Your call," Tony says.  He slips on his shoes and crosses the room, presses a hard kiss to Steve's lips and then pulls away quickly, like it was an accident.  "Drive safe."
“What?”
“Indeed,” JARVIS said.
“Look, I’m not happy about it either, all right?  Jesus.  Come yell at him yourself if you wanna yell that bad.”
“You miss him, don’t you.”
“It’s not so bad.  And anyway,” he said as the back door opened, “it’s not just for me.”
“Hang on,” Steve says, “don’t you have to operate - ”
“Will you guys can it for a second?  I want to say something,” Tony said.
“Too busy driving your six cars?”
“Yeah, the kind you guys have?  Not medicinal.”
"Always," Tony says.  Steve tweaks his nipple, crawls closer and ducks his head under the covers.  "Do you sleep when I'm not here?"
Tony narrows his eyes.  “Don’t you have homework to do?  I feel like I remember some kid in here not 30 minutes ago whining about how much he has to turn in tomorrow...”
"Guess so," Stark says.  "Have a good night, Cap."
“He’s fine,” Natasha dismissed.
, do I need to update your dictionary to include the word busy?”
“It’s amazing what we can get used to.”
“Mazel tov,” Steve said.  “How’s Morgan?”
“Verily.”
about me?”
There was the pause of a man who had been dealing with Tony Stark’s shit for more than 30 years and was perhaps about to decide that his shift had been long enough.  “Excuse me?”
Tony was perched on the edge of the bed.
“I have eyes on a semi heading east on highway 30,” Sam Wilson says in his ear.  “And a pickup with a huge trailer just passing Harrah’s.”
And that’s when Captain Marvel slams into him, grabs the stones right off his gauntlet, and snaps her fingers.
“So they went to a
doing here?”
“Shut up,” Tony muttered.
“Oh, I’m not planning to buy it,” Coulson says.  “I’m planning to hire it.”
“I’m going back to my other house,” Morgan explains.  “But look!”
“A hundred times,” Steve said.  “Sometimes I imagined it would be late at night and you’d lean across the table and tell me you wanted me.  Sometimes I thought I’d ask you out to dinner and hold your hand under the table like I woulda tried when I was a kid.  Sometimes I pretended you would take off your helmet and pin me up against the wall so I couldn’t move and touch me until I came in my uniform Tony please kiss me again so I stop talking - ”
“Nope,” Steve said.
“I think I’m gonna,” Bruce said, and yawned, “bed.”
“We bought
“That’s not a big deal,” Natasha said.  “In some states you could still marry her.”
There’s a rally in Washington Square Park and, in an entirely-unsurprising turn of events, J Jonah Jameson is scheduled to speak.  It’s pretty standard stuff - there aren’t enough support services for people who Blipped, they deserve better than a world that left them behind, et cetera et cetera - and Tony follows it via Friday from his workshop, so he sees the first Insta-story of somebody throwing a bottle at counter-protestors.
from a few weeks ago, please don’t apologize, it was the best thing that’s happened to me since I died,” Tony said.
“I think one complicated side hustle is probably enough,” Peter says, and goes back to his laptop.
Steve considers it.  “The people.  The institutions too, I suppose.  The government, on a good day - ”
“Good thing I’m not,” Natasha says, smiling faintly.  “Bruce?”
In New York, Steve stays on the base and Tony stays in the city and when they talk, which they don't often do, it's about the UN, or the latest message from Thor, or where the hell Carol Danvers went after she somehow brought Tony and Nebula back from that spaceship that was almost their graveyard.  They don't talk about Bruce's experiments in rage, or Natasha's silence, or where the fuck Clint is, and they definitely don't talk about why they disappear for days at a time off to Florida or Toronto or Cincinnati and break into abandoned homes or check into mid-tier hotels under fake names and fuck until Steve can finally fall asleep, for a little bit, if he's lucky.
“Maybe you could use it to shove that stick further up your ass,” Tony muttered.
The man glances at his boss.  Miss Romanov’s done her hair differently and the kohl around her eyes makes her look like someone else entirely; even if they’d heard of the Black Widow, they wouldn’t recognize its mistress.  She gives the goons a smile so demure that even Steve himself nearly forgets about the knives hidden in her garter belt.
“How can you not do Thanksgiving?” Clint said, still looking aghast, and not, as far as Tony could tell, about the baster.  “This is - we -
“He didn’t ask to see me?”
Steve wonders if Tony is setting mines on purpose, if he hopes that Steve will step on one and blow the whole night up in their faces.  "Is it hard?"
“But,” Tony said, “the toothbrush.”
“But what?”
Stark leads him down the hallway to a set of double doors, then pulls out a key.  “Most of this place’s a free-for-all, but I do keep a couple things behind closed doors.”
They leave the warehouse in pairs; Steve and Miss Romanov go first and head toward the Rector Street station, while Stark and Banner climb into one of Stark’s cars and zoom off with a squeal of tires.
“He seems like a good kid.”
“Buck,” Steve says.  “I can get you out of here - ”
- all finished eating quickly and disappeared off to presumably do adult things (Tony tried not to think about how much he knew about Clint’s massive stash of condoms) and left their dishes behind.  “Unbelievable,” Tony grumbled, carrying everything to the sink.  “Am I stuck being the dad forever or something?”
With a screech of chair leg on wood floor, Steve stood up.  “I told you to shut up.”
Bruce’s cheeks turn faintly pink, to Natasha’s delight.  “You could dance with any fella here tonight, Miss Romanov.  Why are you so interested in me?”
He always ignored the voice, because he didn’t need to have run a support group in 2022 to know that hearing voices wasn’t a great sign, but sometimes - well, sometimes, he'd swear he saw a little bit of Tony out of the corner of his eye.  Not like a ghost, or anything - Steve knew magic was real and aliens were out there, but he didn’t believe in
"I feel like I've been pretty clear that I'm not interested in talking about this with you," Steve says.
but instead he was, oh god, he was
“Just be careful,” Pepper continues, softly.  “I know it’s not my place to say, but - ”
“I jumped out of the plane so you wouldn’t just disappear,” Steve says.
After much moaning and gnashing of teeth and Google searches for “hangover cause of death possible?” and “wine good with yams poison”, Tony dragged himself down to the kitchen.  Someone had cleaned it pretty thoroughly - Tony had to assume Steve, because at heart he really was a nice guy, the bastard - and luckily even the scent of burnt hair was mostly gone.  Tony dry heaved in the direction of the sink while his coffee brewed, which was classy, and halfway through his second cup of caffeine, just as he began to feel slightly more like a human being than something a Chitauri coughed up, the worst happened.
“Oh,” Bruce says, stepping forward.  “Of course, I - ”
“Why’d you come all the way here?” Steve asks.
Stark blows out a breath.  “It’s not that often I meet people who want some of the same things I do.  Most of the people I know - they’re around because they want something from me.  They like me for what I can do for them.  Gets tired, you know?  It’s kinda nice to be around somebody who actually
On the drive home Happy talks their ears off about the Mets game that finished while he was waiting with the car, and when they park Tony turns to Steve before he can think better of it and blurts out, “Do you want to come upstairs?”
“Yeah, it’d be a pretty expensive Uber from here,” Peter says.  “Mr. Stark, you coming?”
“Almost?” Steve says.
Steve stares at him.
And it was easier when Peggy was gone.  They were both committed to preserving the timeline, but Steve couldn’t help pushing against the boundaries little bit, testing the limits of what was safe.  Peggy didn’t say anything, usually, but Steve could sense her disapproval in the stiffness of her spine when he crawled back into bed.
“You don’t trust me,” Stark says.  His arm is flush against Steve’s arm, his hand on the railing just a hair’s breadth from Steve’s little finger.  “It’s okay, you can admit it.  You don’t, right?”
one.  Especially lately,” Miss Potts says, leaning forward.  “He’s always in his laboratory these days, but he’ll never tell me what he’s up to.”
They decide pretty quickly not to rebuild the base.
For a blinding moment Tony’s mind went blank.  There weren’t a lot of other possible reactions to being kissed by Steve Rogers; he basically had to do a hard reboot, and once his brain came partially back online he blurted out, “How drunk are you?”
“Oh my god - JARVIS, where’s the nearest mall?”
“Okay, how about, do you want to come upstairs, skip the drink and go straight to bed?  Promise I haven’t used that one before.”
“Yesss,” Steve said, throwing his hands up in celebration.
.  It was more like, when you walked by a person you thought you knew, but when when you looked again it was a stranger.
Steve sighed heavily.  “Tony, I left the toothbrush there three months ago on accident.  It didn’t mean anything.”
“I’d rather be with anyone but you,” Steve said.
Steve didn’t look up from the paperwork he was doing.  “Okay.”
Steve looks around; the street is busy, and nobody’s paying any attention.  The man holding open the door looks hopeful.
“You should go in uniform to one of those rallies they keep having,” Tony says.  “Remind them who they’re dealing with.”
Natasha rolled her eyes.  “Okay,
“I’m not trying to torture you,” Tony said.  “I’m trying to - I know I’m not doing a very good job, it’s not really my thing, but I’m
- hearing it in his voice, it’s like
“Huh,” is all Tony says to that, and Steve wonders if Tony knows he’s lying or just suspects it.
“Where the hell did you come from?”
“I had been saving that,” Thor said, glaring at him.
“Oh, sorry, you’re breaking up, I’ll call you later,” Tony says, and hangs up on him.
“Your life is so weird.”
Banner shakes his head.  “I guess I’m in, then.”
“Let me
“It’s just,” Tony said, “this is gonna take a
Clint, who had $200 riding on this conversation, held his breath.
Tony blinks.  Across the room, Steve is leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest, listening to Sam and Bruce argue about something.  He looks like he’s paying attention but Tony can tell he’s a million miles away by the tension in his jaw, and Tony wants to catch his eye, break him out of whatever rabbit hole he’s going down and bring him back to Earth, maybe make him laugh at something dumb to knock that look out of his eyes -
“Verily,” Odinson says, grabbing another glass of champagne.  “We deserve it after the other night’s escapade.”
"It's not too loud for you to sleep, I hope," she says.
“Tony, not all of us like the idea of bringing an NDA on a first date.”
The rules keep it in a box, taped shut and tucked in a drawer where no one - not even one of them - can see it, or question it, or break it.
“I’m very talented,” Clint said.
He pauses.  Was that… what
“Didn’t think so.”
“So I think that means we may have to talk about this more,” Tony said.  “After, you know, we deal with the crazy murder robot who thinks we all need to be wiped off the face of the earth.”
Tony stared at the ceiling.  “She’s happy.  Morgan’s happy.  That’s enough for me.”
A woman with a bright red bob appears out of nowhere.  “Yes, Mr. Stark?”
“Hey, now, fellas,” Steve says, bracing himself, “I’ve got no beef with you, so why don’t we just - ”
“Tinkers with them, mostly,” Hogan admits.  “Races, sometimes.  He built three of them himself, see.”
Steve glances around the car.  “Yeah?”
Steve straightens up slightly, keeps his breathing shallow.  He'd prefer not to make a scene, but he will if he has to; he can't lose out on yet another potential lead, not now, not when he's so
“Just holding onto it,” Steve said.  “For safekeeping.”
Steve leans forward.  "You got any idea why he doesn't drink?"
“What if I needed some intel?” Tony said.  “Nothing dangerous.  Very above-board.  You free tonight?”
“So you
Tony rolls his eyes.  “Probably a safe bet, but I was talking about his suit.  Joints seem like a good place to start, should we go for joints?  Try ripping directly from where they meet the backpack part, maybe - ”
"Rules were made to be broken," Natasha observes. "I don't even think Stark plays. I just think he was shushed once, as a child."
“It might be,” Stark says.  “But I’m sick of sitting around watching Killian and all the rest of them get more and more powerful every day.”
And you know what?  It worked.  It worked so well that for several seconds Tony forgot that he was ostensibly doing it to try to stop him from talking, and wondered if perhaps Steve would allow him to keep on doing it for, you know, ever.
“You ever think of giving up the whole secret identity thing?” Tony asks.  “It’d certainly enrich your social media presence.”
"Suit yourself," Stark says.  "It's too bad, I was about to buy you another drink.  You never know when a dirty cop could come in handy."
“The public has all the details that are available to be - ”
“Yes, sir,” Steve says, because there’s nothing for it.
For the next eight days, sixteen hours, and thirty seven minutes, Steve waited.
“It didn’t?”
“So what do I do for a few hours?” Steve said.  “Other than tell you guys things I don’t want to tell you, like how I still don’t know how to run the dishwasher and I’m too afraid to ask.”
“Hi, it’s me,” Tony says, and winces.  “Tony.  I probably should have called, but uh, it’s - are you free?  To talk.  It’s - important.”
"Oh, but since your suit is based in quote-unquote
And that’s when Steve yanked him forward, leaned down and kissed him.  Tony was briefly aware that he was still wearing his facemask and his catcher’s glove and that terrible ugly vest that he wore to protect his fragile squishy human parts, and then all of that awareness completely left the building because
“And you don’t know who Scuba Man is?”
“We have a team working on an analysis, but no.  Not yet.  Not that it’s anything to worry about,” he added, just in case Bruce started to go a little green.
“You did plenty of things, Barton,” Tony said.  “You, of all people,
here,” the man says, his voice all feigned surprise.  “I heard the lady who runs this place is a real fighter.  She wouldn’t leave those poor folks upstairs to fend for themselves, would she?”
Which is why he's as surprised as anyone to find himself swinging open the door to the Black Widow just before midnight.
Over the next 24 hours, there were a few… incidents.
The man behind him gives him a shove, and Steve, his heart thudding in his chest, stumbles down the hall after Pierce.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Tony.”
“There’s going to be another time?” Steve said, dropping his head back against the door and closing his eyes as Tony began to stroke him through the denim of his jeans, sucking at the spot right below Steve’s ear until he squirmed.
, because wanting that from Steve, of all people, is a liability and a distraction and god, it’s an embarrassment.
, you can put it down wherever, I’ll have it sent to your place later.  This is a party, I’m really hoping you won’t need it.”
Fury arches an eyebrow.  It’s the one over the eyepatch, if you’re curious.  “We received some intel.”
“Sure,” Bruce said.  “Why?”
“Whose job is it, then?” Steve says bitterly.  “And it’s not like you’re doing any differently.”
“Checking in on you,” Coulson said mildly.  “Have a nice trip to the mall?”
Steve takes a long drag and tilts his head back to exhale.  "I don't think anybody's looking for me to set an example for America's youth anymore."
, like that - ”
Natasha had looked at maps of New York, makeup tutorials on YouTube, a website about how to make switchblades, several Madonna videos, and… “best way to roll a joint”.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Steve says.
?” Bruce said, emerging from the main house and looking around in confusion.  “I was trying to find the kitchen.”
“I kind of am, though,” Tony said.  “Tell Peter I said his vows were sappy even for him.”
“Why does nobody think
Steve presses his lips together.  It’s a flagrant violation of the rules, and what’s more, it’s
They walked quietly for several blocks.  If Tony had really been there, the silence would have been almost companionable.
“Millionaire, remember?” Stark says.  “I stopped making weapons a long time ago, but I still have contacts in the army.  Well, people I pay to be contacts.  Details in your file are pretty slim, lots of redactions and so on and so forth.  So you weren’t always six and a half feet of all-American perfection?”
There was nothing.
“Why do we live with an alien?” Clint said around a mouthful of cheese.
In the tradition of Stark men, Tony spent Thanksgiving Day working, ignoring anyone who tried to bother him (in order: JARVIS, Pepper, JARVIS, a Hello Kitty balloon from the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade that almost got loose, JARVIS, thirteen texts from Clint berating him for not having a gravy boat made of anything other than silver, and JARVIS), and drinking.  If there was one part of the holiday spirit Tony could get into, it was the drinking.  Mulled wine!  Spiked eggnog!  Shots of quadruple-distilled vodka illegally imported from the Soviet Union!  That one had maybe just been his dad, but still.  That made it a family tradition!
“When all of us retire,” Tony says.
Tony steps onto the sidewalk and texts Happy.  He wants - well, he wants a lot of things, but right now what he wants is to get in his car and drive.  He’s not sure where, yet, but things seem a little clearer than they did before - not wide open, not brand new, but a little brighter, at least.
He froze.  Steve was at the edge of the pool, and he was - yes, Tony was pretty certain this wasn’t a dream, this was really happening - he was stepping out of his jeans, he was dropping his briefs, he was
“Look at that,” Steve said, sidling up to Tony while Clint worked on the sound system.
“Can we watch I Love Lucy?” Tony said, leaning forward attentively.  “Hang on, let me get a magnifying glass.”
“How would I steal an entire winery?”
"Aw, stealing, no," Clint groaned.
time."
“Surely you can fly in the rain.”  Strange raises an eyebrow.  “Or afford an Uber.”
“Nobody can see us up here,” Stark says.  “But if you’re worried about it, my bedroom is right through there.”  He jerks his head at the second set of french doors leading off the balcony, and Steve’s stomach flips over.  “If you’re interested, that is.”
“That’s - okay, wow, not fair, I can’t do that,” Tony muttered, heading back into the dining room to take the stairs down to the ground level like a normal person.  “You know, Cap,” he called as he jogged out the door toward the pool, “you are a really annoying drunk, you can’t just run away in the middle of a conver -
“Just out of the box,” Steve said.
“No hard feelings, I hope,” Steve said, a little breathlessly.
“Better than your generation’s 24/7 sublimation.”
“I said that,” Steve said.  “Sorry.  That was a factual response.  I can’t help it.”
“Oh, I know,” Peter says.  “I actually - I didn’t mean that.  I mean if you weren’t okay about that, then we could talk about that, but actually I meant - what’s going on with you and Cap?”
want to talk, I’m literally right here.  And so is Natasha.  And so is Bruce, and Rhodey, and Thor when he’s not in space.  But you don’t want to talk to anybody.  You just want to put the whole thing on your own shoulders and let the weight of it crush you until you don’t have to feel anything besides guilt, because you can’t stand the idea of feeling
“Sure, sure - ”
"Don't be smart-mouthed with me," he says, flicking her around the insides of her thighs till she jumps and yelps for mercy. Then, dropping the belt at his feet, he steps forward against her ass, soothing her skin with his rough hands as he lets her feel the full press of his erection, barely restrained through his pants, against her ass.
“Well, I think it’s important to really dig into what motivates people,” says the man across from him, a dark-haired guy with a chyron along the bottom pops up that identifies him as Quentin Beck, former Stark Industries employee.  “And that means getting past the obvious and really asking ourselves - who
“Yeah, yeah, we can do that, we can definitely do that, that is absolutely something that, if you want it, we can - yes,” Tony said, going up on tiptoe to kiss Steve again, “very much yes, lots of yes.”
“It’s too bad,” Peter says, “you know, that the stones couldn’t just - take us all back five years.  To right when it happened, so it didn’t have to be so hard for all the people who were still here, you know?”
be a coincidence?”
"What do you think?"  Tony throws back the last of the cheap bourbon they found in the liquor cabinet downstairs.  "You want a ride anywhere?"
“Angry?” Tony says.  “Aggravated?  More annoyed than you ever thought possible?”
“You want an answer that makes sense, or one that doesn’t?”
"A tonic water as usual?" Odinson says, and Banner nods curtly.
Romanov smiles.  “I was hoping you’d say that.  We’ve got a plan, if you boys are interested.”
“I provided moral support,” Thor said.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I’ve been clear about that,” Tony said.  “Publicly, even.”
"What are you doing," he says, like he's lost. "Your man is right there in the hallway watching us from the shadows, he's been there since you got here. You tryna get me killed, Miss Romanov? Because I think you'll find that's not going to go well. For either of us," he adds as Natasha steps forward into his space again.
Peter shrugs, leans against the countertop.  “I kind of like keeping my options open.”
in the same sentence?
“Oh, them,” Clint said.  “They said they were going to the mall, I think.”
He grabs his nanotech jacket from the backseat - he wasn’t planning on wearing it, but duty calls - and by the time the suit’s in place Steve’s two blocks away, so Tony fires up the repulsors and follows him.  He can hear the screaming now too, and he catches up with Steve as he pulls a sharp left into an alley.
“You’re entitled to your opinion,” Pierce says.  “That’s the beautiful thing about America.  We’re all entitled to our opinions.”  He tilts his head and smiles, and Steve tenses, because there’s no cover nearby, and anyway Natasha and Clint are behind him, easy targets even if he gets out of the way.  “And we’re entitled to change them, too.  In fact, I think I might just change my own. Here’s an idea.  Agent Rogers turns in a quiet resignation, my friend Killian has one extra body to get rid of, and the bureau stays out of it.  It’s all a lot cleaner that way, isn’t it?”  He shakes his head and hefts his gun higher.  “What a waste.”
"I was," she says, panting as she thighs tighten in anticipation of the waves of pleasure threatening to swamp her. "I was thinking he might take me on the bar."
Tony considered him.  “That makes sense.  You gave up a lot.  Your friends.  Your job.  Internet porn.”
Steve sets the shield back on the floor gently and walks out onto the balcony.  “I don’t know, the crowd’s getting pretty rowdy.”
"I'd like to discourage you from reporting me for illegally procuring and selling alcoholic beverages," Miss Romanov says.  "You'll find it won't go very well for you."
“No,” he says slowly, “I don’t think I would.”
“Like a log.”  He looks away as Nicola drops the towel and slips into her dress from the night before.  “No need to walk me out or anything, I can find my way.  I’m used to it.”
“Nothing about you has ever been normal,” Steve said, opening the fridge and waiting for Tony’s retort, but when he turned back around Tony was gone.
"Well, you've got good instincts, then," Stark says.  He shoves his hands in his pockets and takes another step forward.  "Natasha's good people.  I don't want anything to happen to her or this place, and if anything does, I know exactly who to look for."
“Got it,” he says, because he knows Tony was injured in the war and he knows what that does to men, and when he cups Stark’s cheek, the other man leans forward and kisses him, hard.
“Better luck next time,” she says, patting the screeching man on the cheek and leaving the way Vanko came.  The next room is an office, and she grabs an armful of handwritten documents and shoves them into her oversized bag.  There’s a pile of photos on the desk, and she flips through them quickly, then drops them into the bag along with a pile of cash (because why not).
“I’m not freaking out,” Steve said.  “People coming back from the dead isn’t exactly new to me.  How do I get you out of the quantum realm?”
“Why’d I do what?” Tony says.
of suction and spit.  “Yeah, look at you.  I’m going to fuck your face, is that - yeah, it seems like that’s okay,” Tony said, as Steve groaned again, his hand working furiously between his own legs.
“Emil Blonsky, Aldrich Killian, Johann Schmidt - they run this city,” Stark spits.
“He cares about you,” Peter says.  “And you care about him.  That’s obvious even to me, and you literally tried to hide it from me.”
From behind the bar, Clint racks his shotgun.
“Wilson, heads up,” Tony says, sliding a beer across the bar in Sam’s direction.  “Anybody else?  Beer?  Wanda?”
“It’s not New York,” Steve says.
“And he knew he was creating a branched universe.”
“How could it have been - ”
"You know they keep track of you bureau boys, right?  They catch you so much as walking by their front door, and - "  Banner shakes his head.  "I'm sorry, but there's no way.  If your friend's still alive, you'll have to find him a different way."
"I've only ever been on one date, I've only ever loved one person, I've never had sex..." Steve takes a sip from his wine, hoping for liquid wisdom. "I have a hard time seeing people as potential sexual partners in general."
, but the relief that they don't sleep together puts him in good enough spirits to let it drop. "Right, okay, well... We could change that, if you want. Get you set up with whatever it is that would make it worth having a bedroom. It’s just that Steve loves you, I wanna make sure I do what I can to help you be happy." And right now Tony might
Tony watches Bucky leave, a little more guilt getting added to the pile.
"Yeah," his voice is low and in control again, feeling the way Bucky reacts. "I don't have real concrete specifics there. It changes every time I use that to get off."
never could, Stark. Because when you take off that suit, all that's left is really fucking pathetic."
with Bucky, but he's consistently been getting what he needs, and ultimately that's what matters.
Tony is patient while Steve cooks, and they make conversation easily, but as the preparation drags on, Tony is starting to look at the man in a less and less chaste way. It's liberating, being able to really notice him, out in the open, not worried about who might catch on, and he's taking full advantage. When they're finally sitting down to eat, he takes Steve's cue from earlier and tries initiating a bit of simple affection by using his foot to gently toy with Steve's ankle and calf.
Tony just about growls. "Yeah, real winner you've got there," he can't help the bitterness seeping out. He tries to swallow it down as he fully enters the room and takes the seat Bucky was just occupying, and mentally critiques Bucky's skill in half a second. Guy may be strong, but he's not even close to a super-genius like Tony.
Bucky is quite surprised as well but he smiles and just focuses on taking Tony apart some more. Reaching for some machine oil they had used earlier for his arm, he slicks up the way for his fingers to lessen the burn while Steve runs one hand through Tony's hair. "This... this is something I could never give you this good," he says quietly, almost in awe at what's happening. "But you have no idea how much I wanna see it."
"You have to know how much I wanna believe that, how bad I want you to just be the villain I build you up to be in my head so I can feel justified in blaming everything on you. You have to know how much I wanna validate my own mostly-irrational hatred. And though it pains me to even think it, let alone say it, you are a good person, Barnes. You're a better person than I am in some ways and it drives me nuts."
That breaks him in the absolutely best way possible. He can't contain it, he leans forward, takes Bucky by the side of his jaw, and kisses him deeply.
Bucky is... well, it's not like he'd ever openly admit to being jealous as fuck. It's not his place, his time. Whatever they have is more than enough and he knows really damn well that Steve would pick him over Tony. He's done so before. They'll always be a close as can be, brothers, if not more. But that doesn't mean he doesn't crave what Tony has. At least in some sort of way. The physical touches alone aren't unusual between him and Cap, but the kissing? Yeah, even the male affection culture of the 1940s doesn't do that without romance. Especially not kisses like the ones he just saw.
With a nervous smile, Tony shrugs. "If nothing else, it'll, uh, it'll be good bonding for you and me, right? I bet he'd buy it on that angle alone."
"You're not sure you're..." he trails off, taking a second for that to soak in. "You don't know if you like guys, but you like me enough that you wanted to go out with me anyway?"
Tony laughs and shakes his head. "No, no, I mean sometimes you would just... we wouldn't be flirting or on a date or anything, you'd just see me and kiss me and it would make my day every time."
"Hey, you talked to Steve yet? You really should."
"As a friend?" Steve tries to clarify.
"Is... is that true? Of course it's true, you'd never lie to me." He squeezes Bucky's hand and just looks at him, taking full advantage of finally being able to admire him openly. For the moment, Tony is far from his mind.
Tony steps inside when prompted and the two of them kiss. He intends it to be just a sweet little thing, an intimate greeting, but Steve wraps his large arms around the shorter man and pulls him in, deepening the kiss and holding him there as he channels some of the excitement and adoration that's been building up in anticipation of today. When the kiss breaks, Steve is still wearing that winning smile that makes people trip over their feet for him, and Tony is slightly flushed and grinning.
"To Kill A Mockingbird. That's a good one," she comments, feeling obligated to two seconds of small talk before she jumps in. "So, um,
But Bucky blocks the doorway. "You're not running again, Stark."
Which, of course, is what Steve sees and hears as he steps back into the apartment. He lets out a shocked gasp and blushes fiercely but he definitely doesn't feel betrayed.
Steve nods, looking up shyly. "Pretty much, yeah."
But when it comes to Steve's love for him, no one can make him doubt that and Bucky just keeps grinning. "No Tony, you got it all wrong. He loves me for being the broken super-soldier that I am, just as much as he loves my big, super-soldier cock." Bucky had never been small and with the serum... He presses his hips against Tony's once more.
"I sleep on the floor in the living room," Bucky retorts with a snort before he pushes himself away from the wall with his shoulders and leads the way to the kitchen. "Do you want coffee or something?"
Grinning more, Bucky shrugs. "Maybe."
And just like that, the anger wells up again. "What the fuck is your problem, Stark? Did your ego really take that much of a hit because of the difference in our sex lives?"
"I have," he says quietly, not looking at Steve.
his mouth can't stop digging his grave. "D-don't stretch me too much there, Buck, or I might not even be able to feel it when you finally fuck me."
God. No one has ever touched or kissed him that way. He's thought about Bucky doing it a million times but Steve has never actually experienced anything like this. He gasps. "No, it's not... I just... I don't know..." It makes him feel stupid how his cock is already reacting.
Steve soaks that in, and his voice goes very serious. "You know it doesn't go both ways, right? You can't be with anyone else like that, I wouldn't be able to stand it."
Steve frowns and tilts Tony's head up with his knuckles. "I'm not mad if it's just physical either. I love you both, I like the idea of you two getting along.
If you haven't yet, please take a moment to heed the tags!
The amount of times he's thought about Bucky in the quiet dark of his own room with a start just like this, pinned, that look of irritation... it's absolutely not helping him focus any. "I don't think people can do that. I just have to stop letting it control me. I can do that."
He’s belatedly catching up to the real point there. "Wait... you're actually jealous?"
"I'm proud of you for changing that." The guilt over loving Bucky more starts eating Steve's heart again.
He can feel the way Steve is reacting to his touch and it makes him want to see how far he's allowed to go. His hands move up to take Steve by the waist and he leans in to ghost a kiss over his neck.
"I want that," he admits quietly. "I want that a lot."
"A few times, yeah. Never with a date, though. Rhody loves the place, and I think Thor just about bankrupted them," he laughs.
Steve groans and closes his eyes, giving up on the situation. "Yeah, so?"
"Why would it...? Because you're from pretty deep into last century. I mean, the ideas in the forties, they weren't exactly enlightened." He sounds as if it's so obvious.
Sounds like he's just as lost as Buck himself. "Can I kiss you?" Bucky asks quietly, his words barely audible.
"You need this, I know you need this, just relax and let him show you how much."
"I know." Bucky looks him in the eyes, just as serious. "I'm all yours. There's no one else I want and there's no one else I need but you. But that doesn't make me better or worse than you, it just makes me different."
His voice goes quiet and he looks down at the table. "You... you didn't. I appreciate that you came, especially after the other day. I don't remember last night very well but I'm pretty sure I fucked up with Nat pretty bad."
"Of course you did?" He's slightly surprised. "What do you mean by that?"
"You mean like you do with your cameras and sensors everywhere?" Steve scoffs but he doesn't lose his smile. "I guess I'm grateful you're doing it the old fashioned way for once."
"You want Steve to break you?" Buck absently licks his lips. "I'm pretty sure I could teach him how to. And from what I know about him... he secretly loves dirty talk. All those filthy words he never uses himself. Maybe take it from there."
"I told Steve how it started. How listening to you talk about the unconventional stuff you like is what got my motor running so hard. Have you ever talked about that kind of thing with him? Kink?"
. And of fucking course we all broke the Accords! Half of us had to do it to protect your ass, and the other half of us did it to try to take you in before everything got
His smile comes back, though it's small. "Do I still get what I used to have? The kisses for no reason at all, the texts about insignificant things that always really just tell me you're thinking of me?"
suggested it. Why?"
He gives his attention fully to Steve when it's taken. "You're... you're really not hurt?
"Why would it bother me?" Steve asks in return, smiling softly. "I mean, I'm sorry to disappoint people who ask me out but if I'm not interested I won't lie."
Her voice quiets with understanding. "So even if Tony hadn't broken it off by not talking to you for a week, that's where it was headed anyway?"
Face closing off, Bucky tries to keep himself busy with getting orange juice out of the fridge. "I'm broken. Always have been."
Okay, that's kinda cute and Steve smiles, taking said arm. "Yeah, I'd like that level."
"So you'll teach me to kiss?" Steve asks with a hopeful, slightly sheepish grin.
Bucky just watches him move. "I don't even know what Steve said to hurt your ego this badly. But if you want an explanation, think about the last time you made him feel safe. Like he could let go."
That touch is tender, and it's getting Tony all turned around inside. "Degrading me like that," he clarifies, trying to keep himself on the track where Bucky is just for depraved lust, not these weird feelings that seem to be coming out of nowhere.
"I'm excited to try it." He enjoys the easy physical contact between them and pulls his hand away only to place it on Tony's thigh instead. "When was the last time you went on a date?"
"Mm-mm, not here." He's starting to grin again. "We're going to bed and really show each other how much we missed each other."
"Is Bucky straight?" Tony entirely sidesteps the question.
"Well... I could take you out. For practice, I mean. Help you get some experience in how to flirt, for example." He's playing it nonchalant pretty damn well.
"Explore?" He has to admit those words make him blush a little. But Steve nods. "Okay. Can I keep touching you?"
Well, he definitely likes hearing that he comes off as controlled, dignified, and sane most of the time, but that's only half of why he's arching an eyebrow and smirking like a bastard. "Barnes... are you saying that you're
Steve nods, almost disappointed that there's no solution for his dilemma. "I'm sorry."
Steve just arches an eyebrow. "So you guys made up?"
Steve jogs a bit to catch up, meeting Bucky's speed once he's at his side. "Hey, hey, come on. Talk to me, please."
. Think you can do that for me, Cap?"
Bucky grabs Tony's collar with his human hand. "I'll take whatever you throw at me any time of the day. I deserve most of it. But you disrespecting Steve?!" He shoves Tony against the wall. "What the hell is wrong with you?"
"Well, for example..." he offers his arm.
"Do you want to go to your place? Or should I tell Buck to go for a run?" Steve offers softly.
Tony isn't the only one who's incredulous. "Wh-what? What do you mean why? If you... Do you know?"
Steve feigns innocence, which is really fucking cute on him. "I mean, we
Taking a sip from his coffee, Steve is already looking for the next one to try. "I really have to work out tomorrow. Hard."
Steve steps closer, very close, almost touching and grins more. "I'm okay with that." And yes, he definitely enjoys their height difference.
"I mean for companionship. I can see you're not dealing with the same phase I did, which went on
. But... I don't know. I don't know what I would do even without factoring you into the mix."
"Thank you, Tony." There's a deep pain of loss in Steve's eyes as Bucky's face flashes through his memory. But Tony's right, he has to live in the present. "So, dessert?"
Steve opens the door and he's dressed in a simple black suit, white shirt, no tie, a few buttons still open. His smile is shy--mostly because he doesn't know what to do with himself in this suit that Natasha helped him pick out--but honest. "Hey."
, we've gotta do something about Tony."
Tony's jaw goes tight. He already regrets saying it, but his pride isn't about to let him apologize or back down. "I'm just saying, your enhancements are apparently what he likes about getting fucked by you so much, so now you'll be even better."
Tony just nods and sits with that a minute. "Well, if... I don't know, if you ever change your mind, I'm... I'll be around. Probably."
Steve is just slipping his boots on when there's a knock at the door that makes his heart skip a beat. He opens up promptly, smile wide and warm. Things between him and Tony have been going really well, and he
"I'm glad you like them." But, of course, he sounds like he knew Steve would. "Would you like me to come in, put them in water before we leave?"
He grins and wiggles a little. "Of course I remember him. And why I fought him. Love this scar." Steve brushes his fingers over it adoringly. "I've wanted to kiss you since... um, well, since I started wondering what kissing would be like, I guess."
"Shut up, Barnes."
, exactly?"
Steve's jaw kind of drops, and Nat looks up from her tablet to shoot him a look, that same 'you need to work out your shit with your boys, Cap,' look. Ducking his head and rolling his eyes at her, he stands and follows Bucky out.
Tony nods, a little relieved. "Have you two seriously never fucked? Or even done a little experimenting?"
As soon as he can feel that resignation, Bucky lets him go again. "All you ever do is analyze and doubt and criticize. I don't know what Steve said but the fact that you're talking to me about it and not him...get your head out of your ass, Tony."
"Yes." Steve smiles crookedly. "Tony, I'm a virgin. I never had a proper relationship my whole life. I don't have a clue how this is going to go, I just know that I like you and that you're worth giving it a shot."
"I'd make you forget everything else. Choke you until you almost pass out before I bring you back by crushing your balls. Use your face until you're nothing but a fucked out mess and are addicted to my cock."
"Fine. I'll give you space." He sighs and shakes his head. "Just... just promise me to take care of yourself, okay?"
to beg for it, he does that all on his own every time anyway, but the confirmation that Bucky gets off on it is a good feeling.
, but he sure as hell isn't gonna do anything to keep it that way. He moves his hand down, fingertips ghosting and nails scraping the flesh of his ribs and stomach until finally reaching his goal and taking Steve's length strongly in hand.
"Yeah, I can," he smiles warmly, enamored with Steve's mood and loving that he did something to provide for that. He finishes setting out the things for the espresso. "I hope they're as good as you remember."
She shakes her head and smiles softly. "You gotta sort your shit out with your boys, Cap. Start with Bucky, make sure you two are even kinda on the same page there, 'cause if it's unrequited you're gonna have to move on at some point and it seems like your still-pining ex is perfect for that. Then go to Tony, make sure he understands that he wasn't a toy and you really care about him, and if things aren't gonna work with Bucky and you wanna re-light that candle, go for it." A pause, "But that's just what I would do."
. Try me," he growls, challenging.
but it's actually pretty enjoyable.
That smile fills Steve's heart with joy and he wraps his arms around Bucky. Still hard to hear him talk about himself like that. "Do you really think that? That I could be ruined?"
you're keeping me from going anywhere I damn well please
"After you murdered my parents, there was a video made of hundreds of people talking about how much good they did. Dad's was... well, that was a lot of revisionist history. But mom's? Every word of it was true. I made you watch it, shoved it right into your brain so you couldn't look away, so you had to hear what you did not just to me, but to the world, while I used your throat and tested out just how long a super-soldier can go without air."
"Bonding?" Bucky can't help but chuckle. "So you really want me to be there, huh?" Suddenly, he's back in Tony's face again, hip to hip, his hands on Tony's waist, lips next to his ear. "Tell me one thing. One thing that's so far outside the realm of normal you're not sure anyone else could recognise it as being into me."
Bucky puts him down onto the bed and kisses him once more, soft and gentle. "Wanna just cuddle?"
Tony turns to fully face Steve now, eyebrow raised, smirk dangerous. "Are you telling me I could find out exactly how un-homophobic you are by looking at the footage? Who is it, Sam? Clint? I know it's not Banner."
“It’s actually on Long Island,” Steve said from the front of the jet.  “You sure you’re okay with this, Clint?  If anybody notices us…”
“Yup,” Tony says, holding out the shield.  “I used my dad’s original specs.  Let me know if the weight doesn’t seem right, or if the edges are off, I can always - ”
"You want to come?" Tony says.  "Tell me you want to come.  Beg me."
burning lab?” Thor said indignantly.
There’s a lot of confusion from the media about what went down in Atlantic City, but the one thing everyone can agree on is that Tony Stark screwed it up.
Nicola lifts a playful eyebrow.  “Meet you downstairs in ten?”
splitting up again - ”
Like a burned out pixel.
“I was - back,” Steve said.  “With - it’s not possible, so it doesn’t - ”
“Guy at the mall sold it to us,” Natasha said.
is a good rule.  If they brought it home it would be all or nothing, and since it definitely couldn't be all, it would have to be nothing.
Tony’s blinked.  “Uh.  That.  Um.”
New Yorker,” Clint said, shoving his bag into Tony’s hands and following Steve.  “He wants to wait for his
He tried to whirl back to home plate, but Steve grabbed his arm mid-whirl and totally ruined the dramatic effect.  “What?” he snapped.  “I don’t know about you, but I’d actually rather get back to baseball than continue this conversation, and you
“You can definitely bail on this,” Tony says as Morgan dashes to the elevator.
“I very much doubt that.”
“It’s not name calling if it’s true,” Clint said.
“You’re not
“Adult supervi - you’re older than me!”
“Yeah.”
Today’s one of those.  They get up early and have breakfast at a diner Morgan loves on 64th and walk back through the park.  When they get back to the penthouse Happy’s there, gathering up Morgan’s schoolbooks and folders and loading them into her backpack, which Tony
“Don’t you think you’ve had enough?”
the one who did what was done to me?"  Banner pushes back from the bar and pulls his coat more tightly around him.  "You still have a chance to keep yourself out of this, Rogers.  I'd suggest you take it."
Before, he thought he was crazy for seeing Tony.  Now, he was worried that he’d go crazy if he
The way Steve’s mouth opens for him is a surprise and a long time coming all at once; a contradiction, just like the two of them.  It seems impossible that everything between them could have led to this moment, kissing like teenagers across Tony’s gear shift, and Steve must be thinking it too because he laughs against Tony’s lips, a low, quiet laugh that Tony’s never been allowed to hear before.
Banner looks up, startled, his lips pulled back in a snarl.  Below him, the man bleeds freely and looks damn near unconscious.
“If you know I’ll catch them, then why won’t you throw them?”
Steve, who couldn’t always tell whether Tony was sharing something horrifying about his current way of life or just making it up, scooted back in the single bed until he was nearly pressed against the wall.
And Steve was looking at him.
Steve looks up from the torn apart engine to see Stark across the room, a pair of absurdly large glasses perched on his nose, a gasoline-powered blowtorch in his hands, and a grin on his face.  “Glad you could make it.”
“Bummer,” Clint said.  “What about circus performers?  We’re very… bendy.”
“Aw, jeez,” Clint said, reaching out and grabbing Steve’s elbow to pull him up, because Clint, it turned out, was the only one of them who was truly a good bro.  “You okay?”
“I don’t mind,” Steve says.  “It’s kind of nice, actually.”
“Oh my god, if they get arrested for shoplifting Fury is going to have me executed,” Tony said.
All of which to say Tony shouldn’t have been surprised when Clint looked ready to sacrifice him at the altar of Top Chef Masters when he mentioned that he didn’t do Thanksgiving.
“They all seem happy and healthy and alive,” Coulson said.  “Seems like you’re doing pretty well.  Any of them calling you Dad yet?”
don’t even have a winery.”
because I decided making sure I could go home to my own kid was more important than anybody else.”
until midnight,” Tony said.
“Yeah, Stark, what’s got you all riled up?” Clint said.  “You should chill out.  Like, really chill.  You know.  Just go with the flow.  The flowwww.”
Steve grins.  “It’s amazing what a little paint and brickwork can do.”
Scott and Hope come to New York for a visit the next weekend and it’s as good a reason as any to get everybody together.  Wanda cooks something that smells vaguely eastern european, and Peter makes a playlist that the rest of them hate, and Happy buys way too much beer, so, you know.  It’s pretty standard.
“It’s a nice idea,” Steve said.  “I miss you, you know.”
“Please don’t ask Wanda to read my mind again.  She doesn’t appreciate getting put in the middle.”
“Just fine,” Natasha said, without emotion.
They chase the sun all the way home.
be mad at me for that, it was
It’s not until Sam reaches out and grabs his elbow that Tony realizes he’s taken a step forward.  “Don’t,” Sam mutters.  “He wants you to make a scene.  It’s clickbait.”
“Tony wouldn’t buy me a Terminator action figure,” Clint said immediately.
“Well, I’m known for playing it pretty safe, so I thought I’d mix things up,” Steve said.
Steve glances at him, and his lips quirk into a grin that Tony can’t quite read.  “Not
“No - Steve,” Tony said, wincing as Steve turned on his heel and headed for the elevator.  “
When he pulls up to the hospital it’s crawling with press, so he double parks on a side street and flies in, startles some security guy when he lands on the helipad and takes the stairs two at a time.
“You do know the SSR is a
“Well, as much as I’d like to contribute to that in exactly the way I hope you’re envisioning - by which I mean loud sex, was that clear?”
“Never even crossed my mind,” Strange says, deadpan.  “But if you’d like an answer to your question… it may take a while.  It’s complicated.”
“This place has a
The data from Fury is interesting, and the videos from Twitter and surveillance footage from every angle fill in a lot of gaps; before long he’s reconstructed the entire scene in miniature and is walking through the action in slow motion, almost every detail perfectly rendered in holographic 3D.
"I said he's with me, didn't I?" the man says lightly.  "Grab your drink, pal."
“I’m familiar with the concept,” Steve says.
Steve shrugged, and anybody else would have thought it looked casual.  “No harm done.  We never set any consequences, after all.  Totally your call.”
Steve shrugs.  “I always thought I did okay until she took over.  She - she
“Okay, what CD’s do we have here.  Ooh, how’s everybody feel about Celine Dion?”
“I have no idea what you think I’m saying,” Strange says.  “What matters is what you think
“You are so predictable, you know that?” Tony said.
"Never heard of him," Banner says, and Steve slumps a little, because he can tell the man's not lying.  "But then, I don't expect I heard many real names in five years on the inside.  I never meant to - there weren't a lot of options left to me, after the war.  Peacetime doesn't call for a lot of chemical weapons specialists, especially not after what we - Blonsky was willing to pay.  If I kept my head down I could just about pretend I didn't know what he was doing."
"Nearly murdered you?" Steve stares at him with a mixture of anger and disbelief. "
"If she wanted me back, I... I would... I mean, first I would make sure she wasn't body snatched or something, 'cause that bridge is
"Just that. You're an impulsive asshole, borderline alcoholic, you're just as messed up as the rest of us," Bucky tries to explain without putting any weight into it. "But you usually have that shred of control, of dignity, of sanity left. Until you don't. Being responsible for that, pushing you to that breaking point, preferably without hurting the people you love, is... I..." He growls and shakes his head. "Forget it."
Steve blushes. "Hey, you already gave me a handjob, that's more than I ever thought I'd get from anyone."
Bucky lets out a sigh and slowly stops as well but he doesn't turn around to face Steve. "It feels like you're ashamed of what we have. Guilty."
He chuckles darkly and finally his lips find Tony's skin. "I don't give a shit about the world, Stark. I don't give a fuck about the people I've hurt outside of the world I live in now. Steve, you, maybe the other Avengers and that's it. If
"Yes! Yes of course I will!" He takes Tony's face in his and kisses him deeply, pouring all that gratitude and relief he feels into the kiss. Well, and maybe, just maybe, he kisses with the deep, sensual intensity Bucky taught him.
"You did a pretty great job with this room," Steve says when he sits down, trying to make some small talk.
Tony sighs. "If you tell me now, it's gonna save me a lot of heart break later."
"And what if he comes to you, wanting that? I'm not gonna end this no matter what you say, I just..."
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Tony growls, pinned but well aware he could turn the tides with the rest of his hidden armory if it really came down to it. "You want me pissed enough to wanna blast that pretty new arm off
Tony groans softly and brings his other hand to curl in Steve's shirt, surrendering control easily but not becoming passive as their lips tangle.
"And what do you want, exactly?" Aside from Steve, maybe. That's obvious.
"Well, aren't you just the beacon of optimism," he remarks dryly.
"So, uhm... coffee? Water? Tea?"
," he groans low, deep in his throat as his cock is shoved up against Bucky's, and his body keeps betraying him by rocking into the stroke. His eyes stay fixed on Steve's, watching closely for any sign that he's anything less that entirely okay with this.
Steve looks down at the hard-on tenting Tony's pants and he grins. "I'll go. You set up the cups and the sugar for the espresso."
, okay? Christ, what the fuck do you want from me? Are you jealous, too, now? I won't touch either of you again without permission!"
"Bite him," Steve suggest after a moment, his voice rough but still a little weak. "He loves that."
"You wanna take what you can get, huh?" With a crooked smirk, Buck strokes over the side of Steve's face. "Kiss me and tell me when you fell for me."
of it, as you've probably noticed. Two, if I hoard it all away and don't spend it, that's bad for the economy. If someone has all the gold, then there's no more gold for anyone else. And, most importantly, three--if it makes you smile like you are right now I'll spend a whole fortune, every day."
Bucky sighs and pulls away. "Yeah, whatever Tony says, I guess. I'll leave you two to it for now." He just pours himself the remaining coffee and leaves for the balcony.
"Did you seriously just talk like that about Steve? Did you really..." Bucky glares, turns around and gets closer. "He's worth a thousand men like you, he loves you and you're standing here, throwing a bitter pity party for what? Your dick?"
Something inside Bucky really fucking hates the fact that Tony is so damn ready to "deal with it" and his mouth gets a cruel twist. "Yeah? Well, I fucking hate you for what you have with him and I could do without you. I'm pretty sure I could make him happy in that way, too, so for all I care we don't need you, get the fuck out," he says bluntly. There's nothing in his face or tone of voice that tells if he's honest or just trying to fuck with Tony. In the end it's a little bit of both.
Tony smiles and rolls his eyes. "Whatever you say, boy scout." But he just might have leaned against the pat a little bit.
"All of the things only we two have?" Bucky leans back and looks at the bright blue sky. "Yeah, okay, I get that."
That hits way too close to home and Bucky stills again. "Do you think I don't know that, Stark?" His voice is quiet. Hair falls into his face and he tries to hide behind it ever so subtly.
"I, um, I was just on my way out. We had an accident this morning, broke every egg in the house. It's... a long story and not worth telling. I'll be back soon, though, okay? Just make yourself at home." Steve can't help himself, he kisses Tony again, just a peck this time, and then he's out the door.
He just arches an eyebrow and starts the kettle, glad Steve bought a French press a few days ago so he doesn't have to mess with the monster of a coffee machine. "Aren't you one considerate landlord? As I said, I sleep in the living room in front of the fire place. I don't have a room, it's not like I own anything worth putting in one anyway."
He shrugs. "I'm not sure how answer that exactly. I always top. It's not usually all that rough unless he's really asking for it, literally.  It's never been as rough as last night."
Steve knocks on the door frame and enters the room, clearing his throat three times before he gives up trying to be subtle. "Tony... It's me."
Okay, so maybe he smirks slightly at that. So what if it feels really damn good to hear Tony call them a "set" and a "pair"? It's not like he's wrong. Bucky gets out milk and sugar and uses the perfect amount because he always observes, listens, and remembers these days.
Against his better judgement--that is to say, his pride--Tony gets up and heads out of the building.
Steve is actually relieved enough that Tony isn't kicking him out that he actually chuckles at that. "No, no, he's not. He's the one who suggested it."
Steve steps into the view of one of the cameras of the new Avengers HQ and waves awkwardly.
"I'm not a status symbol, Tony. I'm not a fancy car or a new watch. Either you out yourself because it's the right thing to do for yourself or you don't but you don't put it on your partners. Hiding who you are because you can't be proud of who you're seeing is just as bad as showing off who you are not because it's you but because it looks good with the boy toy you have on your arm," Steve scolds.
It feels incredible and once their sexual pull is out of the equation, Steve relaxes even more and is able to go with the flow completely. They kiss for what feels like an eternity but neither of them wants to stop. Until the delivery comes...
Tony smiles. "Yeah, I can make that happen." He taps his watch and tells Jarvis to, “Call that little bakery down on 4th and have them put together whatever they want to as a sampler for two of macarons. Have it delivered, tip them 50%, when they say they don't accept tips, insist and they'll take it."
"Sit down, get comfortable and tell me what you want to drink. You can entertain me with some delightful conversation while I cook and later we can order dessert," Steve decides and gently pushes Tony towards the kitchen.
"Damn right I am." He pushes in to kiss Steve again, surrendering himself to it entirely as all those walls come crumbling down.
"Is it weird for you, sometimes? That you're close with the son of the guy who gave you your strength, who is now older than his father was at that point?"
"Why does everyone keep asking me that?! Everyone needs to mind their own damn business." He pushes past her.
Tony slips a hand onto Steve's hip again, and with the other he takes his chin between thumb and forefinger. Leaning up, he kisses the other man softly, and then again a little deeper, taking Steve's bottom lip between his own.
"For what? Just tell me for what and I'll take it, Tony. Anything!"
"Change," Bucky says calmly. "Everything's fucking changing. I'm not actually sure I'm still the same obnoxious asshole I used to be and I really don't want to deal with your better man bullshit, okay?" He lets go of Tony's hands but stays just as close. "I love Steve, I love how happy he is with you and unless you're going to fuck this up I won't come between you guys, okay? Fucking relax. You don't have to lick my ass to make him happy, I definitely feel much better like this. I'm already jealous so don't make this so damn bad by acting all nice and shit."
"Mmhm," she doesn't sound the least bit surprised. "He doesn't deal with feelings, if you haven't caught onto that yet."
That title makes him snicker and he nuzzles into Bucky's skin. "Sergeant."
"I trust you. Just handle it however you want to," Steve says with a smile. "We can kiss like that some more later."
His jaw goes tense, eyes harden, and he responds after a slow exhale. "Steve happened to that. If you didn't notice five minutes ago, I'm kinda crazy for the guy. You're a matched set, an inseparable pair, so if I wanna be with him--which I do, more than I've wanted anyone--then I have to make my peace with the past."
"Together?" Bucky arches an eyebrow. "You think that's going to go well?"
"Like you said, I'm just as fucked as the rest of you, but most of the time I'm managing to hold myself together. Forcing myself together is more accurate, I guess. In some way, it feels really good to stop. To break. I'd like to know what it feels like for that to happen when it's not being caused by a whole bunch of traumatic shit going on."
Finally, Bucky turns his head, smiling crookedly. "I know you're mine. You always will be." There's still anger in his veins though and he grabs Steve's collar, pushing him against the next wall and kissing him hard. Messy. Biting his lips. "I'm not afraid of what you feel for that asshole. It just pisses me off that he still has all this power over you without making you happy, in return."
"Okay, fair point," he smiles broadly. "God, I wish I could've seen you before the serum. I've read a file on you, from way back then. The long list of why you were denied from service? You must've been a totally different person in a lot of ways."
Suddenly he's a deer in the headlights, staring wide-eyed and swallowing thickly. "You... you... love me?"
Steve retreats into the woods he came out of just enough to make sure their reunion doesn't get interrupted by anyone who recognises him. When he sees Tony, his heart skips a beat.
Without a hint of hesitation but definitely also with enough care not to use his full strength, Bucky slaps Tony. "One more word..."
Fuck. Bucky's eyes darken and he leans in, breath now ghosting over Tony's neck. "Give me the last time, Stark. And I'll tell you what you'd get for it."
"Back when we helped liberate France, one of the families made those..." Steve licks his lips. "Macarons?"
Grinning this time, Bucky slams his metal hand next to Tony's face, the grin turning into a smirk when he flinches instinctively. "Don't test me, Stark. I might just decide to shut you up again."
"Yes, that would be great, thank you!" He takes the bouquet with an excited light in his eyes and leads Tony into his apartment.
"Well, you don't have to
"Then I'd say see if you can bring me down like that and you can do whatever you want. The winner takes it all." He kisses over Tony's pulse, knowing all too well that Steve could come back any time but actually somewhat wanting him to see this. "If I win, however..."
dumb. Those beautiful blue eyes, a hand on his jaw or the side of his neck, that voice which is somehow simultaneously the sexiest and most comforting voice I've ever heard. You tell someone how you feel with all of that and there's no way he wouldn't return your feelings."
Steve grins. "Well, and I'm stronger than you."
Tony rolls his eyes again. "Tomorrow night, I'm taking you to a meat eater's wet dream. Let's say 7, I'll drop by your apartment and pick you up."
"You're jealous so you make yourself feel better by talking about how you don't give a shit that you murdered my parents?!"
"Stark." He nods, weirdly glad that his new arm and all of the other upgrades he's gotten are supposedly even better than Tony's technology.
"Steve doesn't treat me any differently. It's not a problem." He could just flat out lie but that would be too easy.
Tony looks as if he doesn't understand, like Bucky just spoke some kind of foreign language that Tony has to piece together. "You... want... You've wanted to... Huh." He swallows and sits on that for a second, letting it sink in. The number one way to Tony’s heart is through his ego. And he does know full well that there are better ways to work out tension than getting yourself beat. "Huh," he repeats, and then continues as naturally and nonchalantly as possible. "Well, I mean, I still maintain you're somewhere between 'gifted gorilla' and 'dolphin'." Finally, a productive way to bait Bucky Barnes.
"Yep, I can hear as much, Cap," he doesn't stop focusing on measuring out a board that he's got out on a workbench. "Did the circuit go down in the common room again? It’s just a switch, I'm sure you can handle it."
His heart drops lower than he thinks it's ever been, and it turns him into an angry, dangerously self-destructive mess even if all that comes out is a low, rough voice. "You wanna do this dance again, pal?" Tony says, planting a hand on Steve's chest and shoving, much more a challenge than meant to be effective. But as he speaks, he holds his other arm out and summons a piece of his suit to it.
Steve can't help but moan into it, dragging it out as long as he can. "I love you."
Steve laughs softly and lays down after also getting his socks and shoes off.
He doesn't look at Tony but he nods. "I kinda hated you for it. But I'm okay with it now."
"Am I supposed to have a reason for kissing you?" Steve is confused.
"How... how are you doing? I don't wanna... I mean, do you have a minute?" Steve steps closer, nervousness making his palms sweaty and he wipes them on the sides of his jeans.
"What the fuck is
"Yeah, no, you're right. Things, um, well, I tend to move a lot faster than, um," he clears his throat. "I'll rein it in."
"Talked to Steve yet, Tony?" Wanda says, getting between him and the door.
His arms are folded and resting on the counter top as Bucky pats his shoulder and pushes him over the edge of reasonable. Tony uses his finger to tap a button on the inside of his wrist, which makes a micro-blaster fold out into the palm of his hand with a speed and lack of sound that makes it almost imperceptible. A tech idea stolen from a certain web-slinger he knows and modified for his own purposes. He twists just enough to project a sizable pulse of energy into Bucky's abdomen from the concealed weapon, and uses the incredibly brief opening to get to his feet and face the bigger man.
"Can you just bask in it with me for like two more hours?" He's teasing, but also not. "And I'm not really interested in how Tony feels at the moment. I want to know how you feel."
not gone well." He knows talking about this is just deflecting, keeping them from getting into the real issue, but he can't bring himself to breach it.
Steve's enthusiasm is certainly changing his own predictions for the night. He smiles broader and very genuinely as he follows the other man inside.
Smiling, Bucky kisses him once more. "I love you."
His breath is heavy but he doesn't seem relieved by the release. "He said exactly what I told you. I'm pathetic without my suit. That you fuck him like I never could. Which is all fucking true, and talking about it isn't going to change that."
"Thanks. Still got a lot to do, thankfully. Can we get to the point, though?"
"If we weren't on a date, and I wasn't trying to metaphorically charm the pants off of you, I'd make you figure it out on your own. But, it's... I mean, come on, you really don't see the innuendo there?
," he says with a snarl. He looks to Steve, not pointing any anger at him but still quite irritated. "I am
"That's the thing, maybe you are. Maybe you just have the wrong concept of love. I'm not sure I care if the end result is right. You know, me being with Steve, you being alone. It's like a job." Bucky pats Tony's shoulder with his metal arm. "Doesn't matter how or why, as long as your mom is dead."
problem?! Imagine the man you love, the man who's supposed to love you, told you you'd never be as good as someone else, someone you pretty much
The soft little noise he makes at Bucky's continued attention is entirely involuntary, and the way his eyes follow Steve's hand is also mostly reflex. "How... you... you like this?" He can't quite wrap his head around it, especially with so much of his processing power devoting itself to his dick.
"Yes, I'm here, Tony." Gently but firmly, he pushes Tony's hips back against the wall and then kisses him again, softer this time.
Bucky just snarls but swallows down any response. "I'll go and grab some fresh air," he tells Steve and pats his back before pushing past Tony, deliberately slamming his metal shoulder against him. Still, he can't help but look back and notice how Iron Man looks like
His smile broadens just the slightest and he goes to take a seat at the kitchen island. "Coffee, please. And since we're alone, I'll let you in on a secret - it's disgusting unadulterated and I only drink it like that to keep my image. Milk and plenty of sugar, please."
Bucky stays true to his word, he doesn't take a lot of time preparing Tony. All he does is make sure he won't make him bleed. Once that's taken care of, he lines up his cock with Tony's backside and looks at Steve for permission. Or is it approval?
It's like a fucking wet dream. Different guy, but right now that really doesn't matter, he just needs this. He grunts as he's shoved down, and the shock of the pain translates directly into satisfaction. "That's it, Barnes. Take what you want from me, it's the only fucking way you're gonna get it."
Tony laughs. "I'm sure your super human metabolism will take it just fine. And you already work out more in a day than I do in a week."
A work call managed to pull Tony off of Steve's lap for the first time in half an hour, and it isn't until he hangs up that he comes down at all from the endless kissing and touching. He's smiling as he brings a glass of water out to Steve, his own in his other hand, but after a moment of affectionately studying the other man's features, the smile fades and he feels himself completely sober up. It's not a good feeling.
Steve joins them and nods. "Please don't go, Tony. Please. I get it, I really do. You two looked so beautiful together and I'm the last person who will judge you for... falling for Bucky."
Natasha arches an eyebrow sharply. "So... are you sure you two aren't just in a really bad fight and not actually broken up? It's obvious he wants you back."
"While I watch?" Tony asks with an arched eyebrow and a bit of a grumble. "What, you wanna rub in even more how much I'll never be what you are to him or something? Jesus."
"Waste? One, I have a
? You... Steve, you've known you belong with this guy for what, seventy years? I hate him, but even I'm not about to stand in the way of that. We both know where you belong and it's not with me."
“That may be the case, but the price sure is right,” Killian says.
“Fuck,” he said.
“Yeah,” Steve says.  “I’d like that.  Night, Tony.”
“You okay, Mr. Stark?” he says.
,” Tony said, and then he disappeared.
“Rest of the team up?” Tony said, to avoid mentioning it.
“I think I might like this better.”
“Hey,” Tony says, finding himself completely unable to shut down the goofy smile spreading across his face.
“Okay,” Steve says.  He is face is unhelpfully blank.
“Something big full of something small,” Tony says.  “A truck, maybe an RV.  They got here so fast, they must have some kind of mobile lab.”
“I know, but - with
“I’ve always appreciated someone who knows what he wants,” Tony breathed into Steve’s ear.  “I swear I’m trying really hard not to take advantage of it, but the idea of hearing every dirty thought in your head while I make you come is
They didn’t talk about current events, because Steve sometimes accidentally mentioned things that hadn’t happened yet, and occasionally they could laugh it off but mostly they couldn’t.  They didn’t talk about Steve’s past, because no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t think of how to explain it; everything had such weight behind it, an entire world Peggy couldn’t imagine and didn’t want to hear about.  They didn’t talk about the politics, or her friends, or what was on TV.
“I mean I think we’re both going to wake up with arrows in places that arrows are not meant to be.”
"Wouldn't have happened if we hadn't shown up.”
“Nothing,” at least three of them said in unison.
story, Cap.”
“What Beck’s doing, what Jameson’s doing, we can’t fix it all,” Steve says.  “We can only do our best.  You know who told me that?  You.”
like that - ”
Steve chuckles.  “It’s dinner, Tony.”
, and that’s how he ended up standing alone in the hallway of Stark Tower glaring at five closed doors and wondering how the hell he was going to get five teenaged Avengers to eat dinner.
“No.”  The man opens up the door and stands next to it expectantly.  “Mr. Stark would like to see you.”
"Men who are the weapons themselves," Banner says.
After Happy dropped them at Columbus Circle - “Just drive around the block, and send up a flare if you see any paparazzi or kids who look like they might grow up to save the world” - Tony led the boys into the bustling shopping center.  “Okay, so where do teenagers hang out at the mall?”
"How about,
“Yeah, but still,” Tony says.  “Hey, how’s the sound quality on this thing?  It’s in R&D, but I think I’m pushing it to manufacturing next week.”
“Anybody have any idea where Thor went?” Steve said, ignoring Tony.
one of us they’d be asking to do a PSA.”
“The only other two people who live here who aren’t in this room!” Tony yelled, exasperated.  “Thor and Natasha!”
Tony snorts.  “Man.  It must be tough.”
“Noted,” Steve said.  He turned to Tony.  “It’s going to work.”
“So you wish we had.”
time traveler?”
A hush fell over the game as Barnes swaggered up to the plate.  Everybody liked it when Bucky came up to bat against Steve, because Bucky was the only player to whom Steve would reliably pitch a fastball, which was fair, because for a decent number of the players Steve’s fastball came with prescription drug commercial’s worth of potential side effects.
the ones being accused of hiding something?” Clint said.
Beside Tony, Clint choked on a laugh.  “It fucking figures,” Tony muttered.
Natasha wonders for a minute if Stark’s about to storm away, but then he throws back his head and laughs.  “That’s a good question, Barton, a very good question, and the answer is they’ve got plenty on me.  More red on my ledger than I can ever get rid of, in fact.  If any of them ever decide it’s time to come for me, I’m looking at the inside of a jail cell if I’m lucky and the bottom of the Hudson if I’m not.  So sure, maybe I’m talking about a pre-emptive strike.  Show them that not everybody’s just gonna roll over.”
Steve’s smile faded.  “Tony,” he said, “I definitely didn’t mean for you to take that as a hint or anything - ”
They’re pretty deep into the Bronx, and Steve doesn’t know the neighborhood at all, so he’s happy to let his fellow agent lead the way; Sitwell walks purposefully, his eyes darting from side to side, and Steve wonders if he thinks somebody might’ve followed them after their last stop.
The sun starts going down during the drive through Pennsylvania, and Tony rolls all the windows down to let in the crisp fall air.  “Thanks for bringing me along,” Steve says.  “I know you don’t get as much time with her as you’d like.”
“HYDRA is well known for its brainwashing and espionage,” Steve recites, but Tony can hear his voice starting to go taut.  “I think this is off topic, so why don’t we - ”
“So on top of being an inventor and an industrialist, you’re a tailor now too?”
“That doesn’t make him any less of a dick,” Tony says.  “It’s not your job to convince everyone what we did was right.”
“What he means to say is that he’s in,” Natasha says.  “And so am I.”
Steve knew it was a dream.  He always knew he was dreaming; ever since the serum, his dreams had a slightly fuzzy quality to them, blurred at the edges and a bit unreal, nothing like the crisp view from his 20/20 eyes.  In dreams he thought fast and moved slow, and big band music mixed with holo-screens, and it all made perfect sense until it didn’t.
“Are you watching this?” Bruce says, bursting into the workshop with all the grace that you would expect from a 600-pound green rage monster wearing glasses and a loose-knit cardigan.
“Until you didn’t,” Tony says.
“Tony’s drunk too,” Steve countered.
“You shouldn’t have to,” Tony says shortly.
Tony disappeared, and Steve stayed at the sink for a while longer, looking into the mirror and wishing he would come back.
Tony pouted.  “That was too fast, I barely even noticed it.”
“Aaaand it’s time for you to go to bed,” Tony said.
“Be sure to follow the speed limit,” Tony warned when he tossed Steve the keys.  “Cops keep an eye on cars like that.”
It must say something really sick about Tony that he’s almost
“I agree.”
“I mean, only a little,” Clint said.
“You’re already old,” Steve said, and stepped back onto the mound.  “We’ll talk later?”
“This?  Has gone too far,” Clint said.  “Is that - am I hearing
“Who said that?”
“Tell me about it,” Steve said dryly.  He took the elixir bottle out of his pocket and took another long swallow.  “That was probably a bad idea.”
“Well, I never invited you, so.”
“For those of you who don’t know,” Clint said, ignoring her and turning to Thor, “there is a tradition here in America to share what we’re thankful for on Thanksgiving, because this is supposed to be a day about being grateful for everything we have or some shit.  I’ll start, okay?  I’m thankful for Stella.  Stella’s my favorite bow, if anyone doesn’t know that.”
, even when he didn’t.  It was just under the surface:
Barnes’s hand shoots up, the metal one, like he wants to grab Tony but - wisely - changes his mind.  “He’s sleeping,” he says, like it costs him something to admit it.  “He heals better when he’s asleep.  Let him be.”
"Man, without my suit I'm just a regular guy, the fuck am I supposed to do against the PED twins?" Sam said, gesturing at Steve and Bucky.
“Why the hell did he - ”
“Somewhere else,” Tony snaps, pushing himself up from the pilot’s seat.  “You think you can just do something like that and, what, walk away and break in a few more reinforced punching bags, call it a day?”
“He is certainly welcome to try.”
Natasha arched an eyebrow.  “Do you
their extended files for examination.  And if you’re not looking at connections between them and your own subject, I’m not sure why that would be.”
, and the hand Tony put around the back of his neck was gripping too hard and Steve had
“Jesus,” Tony says with a wince.
Steve goes very still, just for a moment, and then says, “I have no idea what you’re talking about, sir.”
“What?” Tony said.
“Only since you asked so nicely,” Fury says.
“I think many of us would agree,” Jameson says.  “I’ve talked before on my show about how Tony Stark and the Avengers have their own private relationship with the very aliens the rest of us are allowed to know very little about.”
“I’m not taking it all on,” Steve says evenly.  “Just helping to keep the peace.”
There was a long, awkward silence in which everyone avoided looking at Steve, who looked like he was considering jumping off the tower.
He pauses.  Morgan’s sitting on the floor in front of the coffee table, staring up at Saturday morning cartoons and distractedly chewing a mouthful of pancakes.
Steve shrugs, stuffs another bite of taco in his mouth.  “That fight back there felt like the kind of thing I used to get into growing up.  Except I won.”
,” Clint said, sliding away from Natasha’s pointy elbow.  “I mean, that sucks and is definitely not funny at all.  Your life is a tragedy.”
“So, what,” Steve said.  “You think I should just leave her?  Go back to 2023 like none of it ever happened?”
at you.  I’d run my mouth all over you.  I’d take you all the way into my mouth - I’d swallow you so deep, I want to
“You want to talk about it?” Tony said finally.
If Steve thought he missed Tony when he thought Tony was a hallucination, it was nothing to the way he missed Tony now that he knew Tony was alive.
Tony considers it.  Nicola is beautiful, and kind, and Pepper
“Have you considered the possibility that you’re overestimating how much you want to know about what’s on my mind?” Bruce says wryly.
“Of course I do,” Tony said.  “But - ”
“See, the trouble there is, I love deals,” Stark says.  “And I can always put my money where my mouth is.  Twenty thousand dollars.”
; the whole thing was a projection.  Beck’s projection mapping is even more advanced than Tony suspected; he knew once he realized who Beck was that what they were dealing with was a more advanced form of BARF, but this is some next level shit, a fully-realized and definitely-weaponized version of everything they’d been trying to do in 2016.  It was horrifying.  It was
“Yeah, add it to the list,” Tony said grumpily.
“I could eat if it was pancakes,” Morgan says.
"As long as you don't bring any friends from work," Romanov says.  Steve tips his hat to her and, slinging his ruined jacket over his injured shoulder to hide the blood spattering the white shirt, climbs the stairs.
“No where,” Tony said.  “Nothing.  Ignore it.  We’re moving on.”
At least, that’s what he thought.  Steve wasn’t always sure, anymore, if he knew what the real Tony would do.  Sometimes, the real Tony seemed at risk of disappearing, fading out of focus underneath this fake Tony that Steve had dreamed up.  Steve didn’t want him to disappear; the real Tony had been brilliant, and infuriating, and arrogant, and brave, and not Steve’s at all.  This Tony was almost a different person entirely.
Peggy frowned.  “Are you certain?”
Steve shrugged.  “I was 50/50.”
Rhodey sighed.  “In the bathroom.”
“You live up in your skyscraper with your butlers and your fancy cars and all your money, you got nothin’ to worry about,” Clint says.  “So’s the way I see it, it shouldn’t matter at all to you unless one of these outfits have something on you.”
“It’s probably my favorite thing about the future,” he said one day, and if Tony felt slighted he
Tony sits back in his chair.  “Too bad you weren’t this eloquent with Jameson.”
calling
Steve elbows him.  “You like this too.”
“Come with me,” Steve says.  “Just - just come with me, and we’ll figure the rest out.”
"Of course."  She taps the ash from her cigarette, and his eyes focus in on the orange tip in the dim hallway.  "Rogers came by looking for you tonight.  I sent him away."
“Just stopping by for a little vacation, Mr. Barton?” Edgar said, accompanying them all up the front drive.
“They’ve been okay,” Steve said.  “Not so much the ones in the ice, but - ”
well,” Steve said.  “Got any more great ideas that might get us all killed?”
“Tony,” Steve says.
He’s not exactly surprised that Tony was able to find him.
“I think I’ll survive,” Tony said.  “Throw me one of those?”
It’s 329,443 names long.
"Because I said so."  Tony opens up the hatch and walks right inside, and Steve considers putting his foot down, telling Tony to go to hell and storming right back to his room, but instead he follows Tony onto the jet.
“I’m not sure we can return the sentiment,” Tony says, setting down his glass with a solid
is still there, and the light shining in through the windows is dawn-colored grey.  It’s morning; Steve’s been there all night.
Tony snorted.  “I know a little about quiet retirements.  They don’t always work out.  Too many bad guys just begging to get punched.”
“Somebody who works for Blonsky and Killian and Schmidt?”  Stark whistles softly.  “People don’t just
“I’ve heard,” Steve said.
“I can probably handle them without the shield.”  Steve leans against the railing and gazes out at the party below.  “Why’d you do this, Stark?”
doesn’t feel like somebody’s childhood bedroom.  Steve wonders what to make of that.
"I'm fine," Steve says again.
“It doesn’t bother you?”
Steve, who had recently pretended to burn his tongue to avoid talking to Bob in the breakroom, smiled.  “That would be great.”
“That’s the commonly agreed upon definition, yes.”
of perfectly legitimate business to get up to in a bar.  Plenty of upstanding gentlemen around."
to him?”
“I mean you have all these
“Did you
“That’s not true,” Bruce says.  “Thor and Loki - ”
“Thanks, Scott, that’d be super helpful,” Steve says.  “Anything more official?  No?  In that case, pass the cookies, Peter.”
“You know from personal experience?” Tony said, and then winced, because of course he did, everyone knew he did, Tony’s 3rd grade
“No, sweetie,” Pepper says.  “Mommy and Daddy are just talking.”
“Cap,” he calls out, and Steve looks around.
And weirdest part about it was that Steve kissed him back.
“I know how,” Natasha said, suppressing a smile.
it’s going to be a bar again?” Steve interrupts.
“Let’s just say I trusted the source.”
“I mean I think you got the wrong kid,” Steve said.  “You should be out looking for - for the real kid.  You don’t have to worry about me - I can take care of myself.”
“He’s got eight freewheeling tentacles and might be a mutant, what do
“It’s fine, you can stay over afterwards,” Tony says, and then hurriedly finishes, “if you want, I mean.”
“I mean, it’s maybe a thing,” Tony says.  “Like a two-way thing.  Possibly.  I think probably, actually.”
“Nothing to be sorry about,” Tony says, and grins to prove it.  “Pizza?”
“We’re not splitting up,
“Don’t worry, I do.”  Steve picks up some kind of distended light bulb, frowns at it, and puts it back down.  “You need something?  Because you know, most people, when they want to talk, they call you up on the telephone, maybe try to catch you at a diner or something.  Most people don’t send their driver to come pick people up off the street.”
Steve stared at him.
“Not funny.”
“Got it in one.  But you weren’t planning to ever mention it?”
Tony shrugs.  “Can’t change what we can’t change.  Believe me.  I’ve tried.”
“It sounds like you’re about to do a speech,” Steve said.
“Can it,” Steve said, which, conveniently, served as an answer to both of them.
“It was good to see you, Tony,” Nicola says.  “See you around?”
“I know that.”
“Yeah, your boyfriend looks shocked,” Nick said, rolling his eyes.
“So a time machine,” Stark muses.  “I’ll keep working on it.  Whaddya think of the shield?”
Of course, “an ongoing hallucination of my dead teammate-turned-enemy-turned-friend” wasn’t even that big of a deal, not on a list that included “how to time travel”, “the existence of aliens” and “the entire future”, but it didn’t help.
Steve’s blood turns to ice.  “Director Pierce?” he says, peering into the dark car.  “What’s going on?”
Steve takes stock of his surroundings.  The bar, he realizes, is nearly empty - in retrospect, people started filtering out sometime after his altercation with the Hawk - and it's just him, Banner, and Stark, grouped together in front of the bar.  Even Odinson has disappeared.  There are four of them, though Steve has a feeling Killian himself won't get his hands dirty; it won't be easy but he should be able to take at least two of the bodyguards at once, and if anything he's heard about Banner is true, then -
“Not much weirder than skipping it the first time around,” Steve said dryly.
backside at the stove.
“You got the winery for a
“Make it five,” he says.
exceeding expectations.”
Tony had never seen Natasha do anything in the kitchen more complicated than opening a Vitamin Water.
“I don’t know, some kind of DNA project?” Morgan suggested.  “There are a lot of cool applications of very small amounts of DNA.  Ooh, are you growing a clone of me?”
“Busy?” Steve asked.
“Is it bad that I kind of miss punching people?”
Last night was a close enough call, there's no reason to tempt fate again; even if he
“As long as I can,” Tony said, and when Steve slid his hand across the mattress like a careful question, Tony threaded their fingers together and held tight.
“Uh, I beg to differ, considering I just did,” Stark says.  “Look, I’ll send a car for you.”
Bucky kicked some dirt off home plate.  “So what’s eating Steve?”
“What started it?  You leave your dirty socks on the floor?”
because there’s literally no way to explain that he’s, you know,
Eventually, Bruce glanced at the sink and said, “I guess we should start on the dishes.”
There’s a moment of thoughtful silence.  Natasha thinks that it might even be a
“Oh,” Tony says, “is that all?”
“You might not now, but you will soon,” Pierce says.  “If you know what’s good for you.  We usually hang traitors in this country, but if you ask nicely I might be able to get you a deal.”
him for something?  He honestly can’t think what it could be; did he send an inappropriate gif to their group chat?  He doesn’t remember doing anything that could -
"A millionaire like me has plenty of people who can do the research for him," Stark says.  "What I
“You can’t be mad at me about that,” Stark says with a grin.
“No,” Steve says.  “First of all, we don’t even know what would have happened if we’d tried to take everybody back five years to the moment of the Snap.  Maybe it wouldn’t have worked.  Maybe we would have made things worse.  And even if it had worked, that’s a big decision to make for half the universe, wiping away five years of their lives.”
"That's actually why I'm here," Steve says.  "Word on the street is your loyalties have... shifted."
Peter has only had the one beer, but everyone else, as far as Tony can tell, has had significantly more.  Or at least, Tony has, so he has to assume everyone else has too.  It’s a party, after all!  Or, well, it’s a party
, all right?”
"Of course you do," Tony says.  He plucks the cigarette from Steve's mouth and holds it to his own.  Steve watches his lips curl around the paper, sees the lazy exhale, tendrils of smoke drifting into the humid air.
Natasha presses her lips together.  “He didn’t make it a condition of keeping the Black Widow open, which makes me more inclined to give it a shot.  And it wouldn’t be so bad to have a little extra intel before our next run at Blonsky and Killian’s organizations.”  She glances at Steve.  “He might be able to help you find your friend.”
“Because this isn’t about you,” Tony says.  “It’s about
"Thank you," Steve says, sliding into the booth.  "For the record, I'm not - "
Tony rolls his eyes and pours another couple of glasses for the rest of them.  “To new beginnings,” he says, and when he slides his hand up Steve’s thigh under the bar Steve leans in closer.
Steve figures the jig is up.  “It was an experimental treatment to see if they could make me immune to mustard gas.  It worked, and then some.”
“No, ugh, don’t, I’m just being an a-s-s-h-o-l-e,” Tony says.
