“Alright Dean. What ever you want. But I think it is both wrong and unfair to do this to yourself and to Cas” with that Sam reached over and gripped the door handle of the Impala and jerked the door open. His frustration with his brother's pigheadedness making him angry and Sam did not want that feeling when Castiel returned.
“and took you from me. Dean, I almost didn't let him” Dean stared as Cas and understood the meaning behind the confession
Guiltily Castiel realized he let his temper get the better of him, or was it fear? Looking at Dean and the hurt in his face Castiel hoped he hadn't ruined the memory of the last few hours they just spent together.
Dean looked at the bartender and was about to tell the guy to mind his own business but before he could open his mouth, a loud groaning squeak of the heavy entry way door sounded behind him, it reminded Dean of the Impala's doors. Turning to look over his shoulder he watched as an older black gentleman wearing a fedora entered the dimly lit room and pause as he took in the space around him. Glancing back up at the bartender he simply said "I am good. Just family problems" Nodding with understanding and making a mental hash mark at his correct guess, the bartender moved off to check in with his new visitor.
Sam still not entirely convinced the King of Hell wasn't working some angle replied "Honor his wishes. How would you possibly know about those? Besides, how could you help us?"
As he raced up the stairs from the basement garage where he had left the Impala, his mind was racing for ways to circumnavigate the promise. He knew it was risky and that it could backfire on him but he could not leave it be, it was not who he was.
Cas already knew most of the information about Dean’s favorite band. During long road trips, as the music played through the Impala’s tape deck, Dean would often pass the time by telling the history of the songs and where the band’s inspirations came from when the were written. He also had a tendency to link them to some hunt or memory of John Winchester, their father. Cas suspected this is one of the reasons the “classic” music as Dean liked to call it, was so important to him. During these sessions, Sam would usually curl up in the front seat and try to sleep through the dissertation as he had heard the stories hundreds of times before. Once during an in depth one-sided discussion about the song Dazed and Confused, Sam had made the observation that if there were such a thing as a degree in Zeppelin...Dean would have a Phd.
Suddenly. Dean knew what he needed to do one last time and despite the chance of one or both of them being punished by the Archangel for the act he was about to commit. Dean did not care. He wanted have Cas one last time, inside of him. One last intimate goodbye.
“and together Uriel and I returned your soul to your vessel. I held you down Dean and afterwards? My grace was close to being exhausted, it took nearly everything I had left in order for Uriel and I to get your soul back to where it belonged and it was the violent act of returning your soul that caused those marks to appear on your shoulder Dean”
“Yes, I have heard this before and he along with Robert Plant, they are also a favorite of yours and Sam’s for fake names too.”
No longer comfortable discussing Dean's feelings or his own for that matter. Castiel smiled and just said “Sam will still be here and I believe they will probably be thankful for the quieter lives they will lead without any angels in it”
Cas watched Dean as he pushed the little door that closed the cassette into the player and in a matter-of-fact tone supplied “Jimmy Page…”
"Dean, you need to calm down and tell me what is going on." Dean hesitated and could only nod. Then he placed the books he was carrying into Sam's arms and walked past him and over to the table.
Still not convinced Sam tried to break free of the invisible force holding him back. Dean, hearing his brother's shout had turned to look up at Crowley and instinctively positioned himself between Crowley and Jimmy. "Crowley! What are you doing here?"
"Sorry, not a clue." Crowley was relieved to see that Castiel seemed to be more engaged by the information he had provided. "I do know that Lucifer has been nagging me to no end that if one of those cages should be for you. That I place it right next to his." Castiel looked sharply at Crowley. "Not to worry Cas. Do you think I want that nightmare in my basement? You and him together...you screaming every time he gets bored and starts laying in" shivering at the thought Crowley added "I enjoy my peace far too much to give into that request" Castiel glanced at Crowley with the briefest of smiles grateful that he would be spared by Crowley from the prospect of eternal suffering at the hands of his older brother. "I guess I should thank you for that"
"What are they doing here?" Dean said approaching Barachiel "Cas' is here. He isn't armed and he already said he would go back. Why do you have them with you?"
Becoming uncomfortable with the direction the conversation was moving and wanting to avoid anymore questions about his time in the meadow. Castiel quickly looked for any distraction and turned back around to look towards the other Winchester brother sitting at the table in the other room. Nodding in Sam's direction as he asked "So, what are you two up to? What is Sam looking at so intently?"
Castiel looked up at Barachiel meeting the old man's dark eyes and slowly nodded in understanding and whispered "I understand." Castiel returned his gaze to the table before him and as his mind raced to figure out what he was going to do. He heard the familiar flutter of Barachiels exit and then the outburst from the drunk bar patron who saw the angel disappear. Looking up and not wanting to explain anything to the man. Castiel walked over to close out his tab and merely nodded at the man and assessed his level of intoxication. Satisfied, no one would believe his story, Castiel exited the building in a more traditional means.
Sam's words tumbled around Castiel's brain. After everything Claire had said and now this. He knew that both had been right about how he felt about Dean.  Deciding it was time to stop hiding and make himself known, Castiel manifested himself just outside the rear passenger door opposite from Dean Winchester. Then with one fluid movement. He swept off his tan overcoat as he pulled open the door and as he slid into the seat next to Dean. He tossed it on to the front seat just vacated by the younger Winchester
Castiel smiled at Dean and then leaned in and brushed his lips softly against Dean's  Then with more passion and urgency he kissed him deeply. Trying to make sure they both would remember this moment, the taste of this kiss for ever. Finally, Castiel knew that Barachiel was beginning to get impatient and he did not want to push him too far. So Castiel pulled himself away from the kiss and keeping their foreheads touching Castiel replied.
...and then swallowed hard. As he tried desperately to understand what was going on inside of his brother’s bedroom.
Suddenly Barachiel understood where the pain this man was feeling was coming from and what was laying beneath his bravado. He understood now that it was not defeat he heard coming from this warrior but one of great anguish. Anguish driven by powerful feelings the mortal man felt for Castiel. This man was in love. When Metatron tried to tell him about Dean and Castiel. He could not understand. But now? Now he understood. This man was in love with the angel Castiel. He also understood exactly where it came from and how it came to be. He was familiar with it himself. Because it was a closeness born from surviving battles fought together, at each others side and knowing that the bond that you forged in battle was beyond measure and not easily broken.
"I am him" as he spoke Dean sat the basket he was carrying back down with his left hand and in the same fluid movement reached around to the small of his back with his free hand and readied himself to pull the special blade he had wedge in his waist.
"Castiel, I am sorry. But the ends do not always justify the means to get there and unfortunately, it is not for me to decide. Father is back in heaven and putting his house back into order and you are the final piece to be addressed." Coming to a decision Barachiel abruptly stood up and took on a more somber and commanding tone. "Castiel" his voice had switched to one that Castiel was familiar with from their time in battle and looked up at the angel now towering over him "You have thirty hours and I will be back for you."
Dean mustered up a smirk for his behalf and said "C'mon Cas. You know me. I will be fine and someday. I will see you up there in Heaven's bar. I will buy the first drink."
"I already know from previous experience that you and your brother Sam, have figured out how to get back into Hell and Purgatory by using your sometime best friend, the King of Hell, Crowley,"
It was in the middle of taking his third forkful of pie when Dean heard the familiar fluttering behind him and turning mid-chew, he caught sight of his favorite angel and best friend standing just a few feet away.
“Dean, I held your soul in at the center of my celestial energy.  I wrapped my wings around us, forming a cocoon because just as we had to fight our way in to Perdition. We also had to fight our way out and with every attempt Alastair and his demon hoards made at trying to stop me in order to get you back, I knew with absolute certainty that I was going to succeed in getting you out because I had already fallen in love with you and I knew nothing short of God himself was going to take you from my grasp”
Castiel turned to walk out of the room and as Dean watched he felt an overwhelming panic set in. When the thought occurred to him that Castiel might decide to do something stupid in the belief that it would save them all the pain of saying goodbye. That he would just disappear back to Heaven. Thrusting himself up and out of the chair. He called out to the retreating back.
Dean flung an arm back in Cas’ general direction. Stealing a quick glance back at the angel as he did so, a slight frown creased his brow when he saw Cas did not look startled but rather… was that disappointment? Closing his eyes Dean centered himself and turned back towards his brother and with a small sigh he opened his eyes and looked up at the taller man and with a calm annoyance said “Next time maybe a knock first. You know, before you barge in and start ranting about cases.”
Both men remained frozen in place blinking their eyes in trying to get rid of the bright flashes that were blinding them in the wake of Barachiel's exit and trying to come to terms with everything that they had just witnessed and experienced.
Castiel...I am to bring you back to face the accusations levied against you and for your role in the Apocalypse and the subsequent events."
"You don't understand Dean. It was unheard of, when an angel is given his grace he was expected to move on to his assignment. No words spoken...this is God we are talking about. The creator of all things and this impudent angel just looked up and without a shred of reserve and says 'hello'." Barachiel paused as if remembering the whole event "Oh the uproar it caused with my Brothers but you know what my Father did when Castiel spoke?"
"After Castiel and our Father spoke, He turned to me and said 'Barachiel. You are to make sure Castiel is never given an assignment that would take him away from my greatest creation, mankind.' '
“Look Castiel.” Claire emphasized herself by leaning closer over the top of the table. “I know I stopped seeing you as my Dad a long time ago and I used to just see you as Castiel, the nerdy dork.”
"But he did it to save heaven, to save mankind here on earth" Dean replied softly. "He did it to honor God's orders to him. Love humanity. Protect it...us from evil."
Dean watched as Cas closed his eyes and slightly tilted his head to the side and with in a soft voice that caught Dean by surprise. He began to repeat the opening the lyrics to Kashmir. Dean felt like he was hearing the lyrics for the first time and putting them into the context of Castiel's experiences as an Angel of the Lord. Dean felt a chill run up his spine and suddenly felt he understood what Cas had meant. A nervous energy took over Dean at this new revelation and the entirely new way he was now going to appreciate the lyrics to Kashmir.
Castiel nodded at the younger brother in acknowledgment. He had grown very fond of Sam over the years and had even come to enjoy the younger Winchester's company. Of course, when he first came to earth, he originally thought he was an abomination and was afraid he was going to have to kill him but now he knew that Sam was not an abomination and in fact, because of his ability to be more compassionate. He believed this sometimes made Sam stronger than his older more volatile brother. Seeing him now with genuine pleasure in the man's face at his arrival. He realized just how much he was going to miss him as well.
”It was the most wondrous feeling Dean.” Castiel resumed his story only this time he never took his eyes from the mortal man laying beside him.
The first place on his list of places to check out was to be the library. Hoping, they would be in their usual spot sharing one of the big, plump couches and watching Netflix on the big screen t.v. the brothers had purchased soon after moving into the bunker.
Claire new this was probably the last time she was going to see the angel and even though she just got through telling the guy that she no longer saw her father anymore when she looked at him. She still could not but help to feel sadness as she felt her dad's arms surround her one last time. Stepping back to look up at the Angel with eyes that were now threatening to spill, Claire decided to give a bit of advice to him
The memory still fresh in his mind Sam could remember the procedure he and Castiel tried to perform in order to do a location spell but had failed. Rubbing his neck at the memory and realizing what Barachiel was getting at he looked at his brother.
Then with one hand gripping his own cock...not stroking it but merely holding it in a vice like grip. As if to reign the serpent in, Castiel slowly began to lean forward and as his eyes locked onto the dilated with lust ones of the mortal spread out in front of him. He lowered his mouth down and began to gently flick at the hardened nipples.
“Claire, I want you to know. I will be fine no matter what happens and I am going to ask you to trust the Winchesters. Don't be so full of pride that you deny yourself their help or advice” he added a little levity to his statement hoping she would take to the request more easily
Stretching with a groan, Dean snapped his eyes open as awareness of his surroundings set in and began to panic. No way...not now. He was happy and he wanted to stay that way. Clutching Cas tighter into his embrace Dean looked up into blue-eyes weighted in sadness and in a voice still heavy from sleep said.
Castiel cut him off and answered back "Dean, I swallowed thousands of souls stolen from Purgatory and the Veil. I raised myself above God and I slaughtered thousands of angels and innocents here on Earth, as I called myself God! I opened the door and allowed the Leviathan to escape. All of that alone should see me punished. I should be locked up and made to suffer for the sins I committed against everything my Father ever commanded" Feeling defeated and having nothing left to say, Castiel looked over at the empty leather club chair across from Dean and dropped heavily into it and could only stare back at Dean with a mixture of futility and concern.
“What the fuck, Sam!” What in the hell are you doing? You’re supposed to knock at least once before you enter a guys room. You scared the shit out of me...and Cas”
Opening the drawer closest to him, Dean pulled out a knife and proceeded to cut the plastic seal protecting the delicacy inside and then grabbed a fork from the drawer and as he did so he heard his brother say from the other room "I will take a look and see what I can get from it."
Crowley, could only watch with a bemused expression as they did this but when the Winchester's had finished the Demon said
Suddenly, his attention was refocused back to Claire and her words as she brought up her relationship with Castiel.
Dean could only sit in wonder, mouth agape as a biblical story that every child knew whether they went to church or synagogue or not was also the story of David - the first hunter.
Now with a little guilt in his voice Barachiel continued " Ah, yes. Back to that. You see Dean, my Brothers, nor myself to be honest. We never saw what Castiel saw in you and mankind. We never recognized the potential that you had buried deep inside but Castiel did and it is because of the blindness on our part that I believe my Brother's decided to take advantage of the rumor's coming around about our Father's sabbatical and the evidence to back up those rumors as our father began to stretch out His sabbatical much longer than He ever had before. This is when Lucifer saw his chance and he began to whisper his evil plan to willing ears and it was Uriel that began to listen first."
As Castiel's time on earth comes to an end and the possibility of being punished for his crimes becomes more of a reality. He decides to pay a visit to the place where is imprisonment seems all but certain.
"Well, Dean that us why I am here in this bar. Talking to you." Dean looked at the old man with confusion. Barachiel continued "I'm here to ask you to let Castiel go and promise that you and your brother will not try to find out where he is so that you can rescue him." Dean's look of resistance at the question made Barachiel carry on with more force behind his words "Because the worst place God could send him would be out to the edge of the Universe and live in the Empty."
Their time of hanging out in the bunker was coming to an end and any personal moment they were sharing or about to share had been lost at Sam’s entry to his room. Mentally, Dean kicked himself for letting the chance to be being honest with Cas about the feelings he was having for the angel slip away...again. He vowed to make it up to his angel. And in what Dean considered a small step in that direction. He leaned into Cas just a little and with a small wink that went unseen by Sam, said “What do you think, Cas? You ready to hit the road and visit the Gulf Coast?”
Sam was unsure if he should offer anything to his brother in the way of comforting words. He was on unfamiliar ground with Dean. Never before has he seen the man who could get nearly any woman he wanted with a simple wink and a smile. Get tied up in so many knots about the feelings he has for someone else. Of course, this is the first time that his brother has been in love with an Angel.
Half way down Sam began to hear the familiar thumping of a stereo as it played some classic rock and roll. He could not tell the song yet but he knew that when he reached the Impala it was going to be cranked up to deafening. The stereo was the second part of what Sam considered  Dean's three part  coping mechanism: Beer, Rock and Roll and the Impala.
"Well, you might say I am becoming a bit of an expert in sensing when you guys are around." leaning closer to the angel Dean wrinkled his nose and sniffed the air. Then sat back as he said "All you angels seem to put out a stench of self-righteousness. It is easy to pick up. And. You just drank a potent bourbon for the first time and you reacted like it was water"
Eventually, his thoughts began to drift towards Castiel's inevitable departure and everything it meant to the Winchester brothers. He was worried for Castiel of course but he knew focusing on him was futile. A pragmatist he knew that Castiel would have to take care of himself on this one but what about Dean?
Dean stared at Cas. Who looked as though he was doing everything he could do to avoid saying his next words out loud. Dean's throat suddenly felt dry and he found it hard to swallow as he choked out "and...?"
In response to his statement, Castiel braced himself for more argument but instead there was only silence and the warmth of Dean's tears as they began to roll down his chest.
Claire ignored his question with a roll of her eyes and reached across the table and grabbed his hands and continued “but overtime I have even come to see you as part of my family. Just like Jody or Alex. You're like an uncle of sorts. You are my family. And...” with a pause she added “and I might as well admit that I see Dean and Sam the same way.” with a bit of  reluctant clarification and a roll of her eyes and a shake of her head she added “Only I see them as my crazy uncles.”
"I can't believe this Dean." Sam looked at his brother with disbelief "Cas has done more to protect us...mankind than all of the other angels have. It was Cas that protected us against them" Sam turned to Castiel and just like his brother had a few minutes before, he began to make a case for his innocence. "Cas there is something we should be able to do. We worked with God when he was running around here as Chuck. When he was doing nothing. We helped him make up with Amara. He can't just call you home and punish you for trying to protect us from the Apocalypse and all of that other crazy stuff that went on!"
Slamming the Impala's door, Sam turned and opened his mouth as if to say something but his brother's glare through the glass made him stop and with a frustrated wave of his hand. Sam started to walk away from the Impala and as he did so Sam tossed the beer he was drinking into a trash can as he passed by with a loud thunk. Mumbling to himself about his brother's stupidity, Sam walked back down the row of cars and finally yelled back before climbing the stairs leading out of the garage. His voice echoing down the cavernous building “It ever occur to you Dean? That Cas loves you too and that you both are too stubborn and or too stupid for your own good?”
Sam slowly recalled that there was more to Dean's sorrow than just what would happen to Castiel. He knew his brother cared deeply for Cas and though he often used the guise of Cas being like a brother to him. Sam knew the feelings Dean had for Cas ran deeper so much than that. Feelings that Dean had told him about as they sat under the stars one night, drinking beers and talking. It had been the night just after they had seen the play put on at that high school. At first Dean made a comment about seeing the two young ladies dressed as Dean and Castiel hugging. How unnerving it had been.
Dean stared at the trench coated angel and waited. He loved his friend but sometimes his awkwardness at conversation made things not only difficult for Dean but frustrating as well.
Sam for his part gave a small chuckle and raised is eyes as he shrugged as he answered for both Dean and himself "Well, yeah, Cas. It is what we are famous for."
So. It is done. Except for some additions like most of chapter nine I would say about 85% is original to my story posted at Fanfiction in March.
"Dean, I know what you are doing right now. You are thinking of ways to prevent him from having to leave. You are running different ways to bargain with me. Maybe even a way to cause me great bodily harm. All in an effort to thwart my taking him. You even let the thought of killing me run through your mind" Dean glanced guiltily at the Archangel at the last part. "Don't worry Dean. I am not taking that personally. You are desperate to keep your friend safe from harm or...here with you. But Dean, there is nothing that you can do and that includes, bargaining with God himself."
Barachiel nodded but before he could begin to tell the story he thought might give Dean Winchester some peace of mind. He was caught off guard by the hunter. Who suddenly made up the distance between them by sliding over and taking the open bar stool that had been acting as a buffer. Dean thrust his upper body forward and was leaning into the Archangel's face.  Angry emotions written on a contorted face and muscles throughout his six-foot frame held taught with the threat of physical violence. They washed over the Archangel in intense waves but Barachiel made no reaction to the sudden onslaught. His face and body remained still.
“And here we come to another John Winchester bullshit mine. Look, tell me about your mating night. I know you said you did what you were supposed to, that you gave yourself to him and I get that the sex was kind of compulsory for the mating happen. What was it like?”
“The only thing that the weather is telling us is that it’s unpredicatable despite the advances in weather forecasting. There are no portents here. If the Goddess wants to speak, she will do so clearly, with another manifestation.”
Dean recognized what that request was. Castiel wanted to see him drive, to test personally if Dean was to be trusted driving the car. Part of Dean wanted to be offended, because hadn’t he shown his license to the man? On the other hand, you couldn’t blame an Alpha for getting protective as hell over his mate. That was what Alphas did. It was baked into them. Castiel would need to know he was safe. And it had been a few years since Dean had driven. One thing he was definitely not going to tell Castiel or anyone else, was that he’d never really driven Baby on his own. He hadn’t gotten to drive unless Dad was in the passenger seat. But sometimes Dad had been sleeping and that was almost like driving on your own.
“It’ll be here in a few hours, maybe less,” Dean said, looking around him. He wondered if the scrubby, stunted trees along the trail might provide just enough shelter for them to survive. Storms came up in the mountains fast, often with little warning. Rain would be hard enough, but with the chill in the air, the way the temperature had dropped overnight so suddenly, Dean feared snow. The air smelled like it would snow before long, that certain brisk scent it got.
“Time’s a wasting, Cupcake,” she said to Dean. Then with a kick to Bellatrix’s sides, the outlaw was gone and up the trail. Dean was up and in the saddle in an instant, but Castiel was standing, staring after her, unmounted and from the look of it, unmanned.
Dean’s whole body ached like he had a hangover, a really bad got turnt the night before kind of hangover. No one ever said an Alpha could get drunk just off the scent of an Omega that was right for him, but that’s what it felt like had happened. He’d done stupid things, made bad calls. Acted on impulse. Mistakes were made.
They kept going though. Minute after minute dragged on, wind howling in their ears, snow driving into every opening of Dean’s clothing, his serape flapping around his body like a flag in the wind, even though he’d tucked it tight into his belt as best he could. The snow pelted him so hard it almost hurt. Every minute he thought maybe he couldn’t take it and he’d fall off Impala in exhaustion, but she kept moving forward and he kept going. The storm kept getting worse and he feared that before long, they would lose visibility completely and he’d no longer even be able to see the rump of the big pinto a few feet front of him.
“Promise me, if he’s bad to you, call me,” Cas said. “I’ll come. Day or night. No matter what. No matter when. Always your friend. Always come when you call.”
More important than either of those two reasons would be how Castiel’s presence would change Dean’s life. He thought about Dean riding on the prairie next to him, all but wild and free. Independent. If they could stay riding out forever, Dean could be free.
“I wondered why he left town in such a hurry. That promotion he took wasn’t much of a promotion. I mean, the title was better but there wasn’t any raise in pay to speak of. And man, nobody in their right mind would transfer to the Scottsdale branch.”
They didn’t have a lot of stuff left from their Dad. Obviously, Baby couldn’t be kept on the pack lands, but Dean had been assured that she was stored safely. Same with all of the weapons that lived in her trunk. As for Dad’s clothes, Dean would never grow tall enough to wear them. He’d tucked away an olive green flannel and Dad’s leather jacket into his closet. They still smelled like Dad for now. There was one other thing he’d been given for safe keeping and he went an got it now. It wasn’t really something the Omega son should have gotten anyway. It rightfully should go to Sammy.
“You can talk with him in the hallway,” Charlie said. “No Alphas in my apartment ever. I have my reasons.”
They brought their horses into the primitive barn to see that a horse was in there already, a pretty, flea-bitten gray with a dark black mane, at least that’s what Dean thought was her color. The light was dim though it was still considered day light.
They returned to Folsom and Dean was able to change into somewhat nicer clothes that he kept at Amelia and Jimmy’s house. He didn’t have a suit or much in the way of dress clothes, but he had black jeans and a denim shirt with a tie and a cabled cardigan that Jimmy had given to him, knit especially for Dean. It was a warm day, but Dean felt like he needed something from Jimmy wrapped protectively around him.
A nerdy little guy with a blond mullet, wearing a plaid shirt over a t-shirt emerged from an office. He took the computer from Charlie, made a few key clicks, then again, taking care of the problem rapidly, saying, “Repeat after me. I will never neglect updating my security software again.”
Then, to the shower with him. That was one thing that both Folsom pack and Pack Lands pack agreed on- plenty of long, hot showers and baths. Good grooming was a value they’d carried down from their ancestors. The bathroom in Jimmy’s house was particularly nice, with strong water pressure, dual shower heads, bright white clean tile, pale blue paint on the walls that weren’t tiled. It was a very modern room, a recent remodel, a strong contrast to the bath house back in the village with its slate tile walls and floors, cedar wood anywhere that wasn’t the stone.
“A message of some kind, definitely. I don’t know how we should interpret it. Should we go back?” Castiel asked, looking around, scenting around for anything, but now that the moment was over, there was nothing. His Alpha urging him to get his mate back to cover, to get him safe. But there was nothing he could pinpoint. Only the forest scent, the humus, the warmth of the rising daylight, the light breeze carrying the wolf sign to him. It could be dealt with later, tomorrow or the next day even. That would be enough to send the signal to the wolves and other creatures that this land, these acres, were protected. They would not be back until around the next full moon.
Dean didn’t care that they’d looked right through him when Castiel had introduced him. Dean was used to that, used to people just not seeing him. Castiel had taken it as an insult though. Dean supposed it probably was, but when did that really matter? Dean cared what Sam and like, maybe five other people in the world though. Six now that he was mated. Weird and strange thought that, that what Castiel thought about Dean mattered.
In the end, both the doctor and himself agreed that they would hold off on airlifting Dean away to the big city hospital and wait and see if the more conservative approach of forging pack connections would help. Castiel stopped off at Dean’s hospital room. Or rather, he was brought to the window of Dean’s room.
“I don’t,” Castiel said. “I didn’t want her there. I got caught up and let it happen, and that’s on me, but what I wanted was to show off my beautiful Omega mate to our Pack. And what I hope is that in the future, it isn’t Hannah working with me on important pack business, but you.”
Eventually, after a long time in the quiet near dark, someone turned on the storm warning radio again and the pack listened as the NOAA voice reported that the storm system had moved east and that the various storm warnings for their area were over.
In return, Castiel smiled back, remembering that in most of the animal kingdom, but especially in the werewolves that were their distant ancestors, the smile was not to convey friendly expressions, but the baring of teeth. You did not threaten an Omega’s true mate without repercussions. Castiel did not open the folder to look inside but he pulled it towards him for later examination. He’d give it to his personal secretary Balthazar for safekeeping.
“He treating you right?” Bobby asked, voice soft. Dean knew somehow that it was just out of courtesy to those sleeping, not because he was afraid that Castiel might hear him. “I got no problem kicking his ass if he isn’t, chair or not, Pack Alpha or not.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean said. “Not going to disagrees with you about that. Can we lie down together? Easier to scent you that way.”
There really was nothing else for him to do. Just a few weeks ago, this would have been one of his afternoons spent alone with his Clairebear before he got on the shuttle to the pack lands. They might have gone to the park together or just played in the yard. But she was now with the Pack’s informal pre-school. He looked over at the drawing she’d done, the scribbles labeled “Dean” and “Claire”. He’d taped it to the inside of his closet door. His baby. Gone. Being taken care of by others. She was never his, he told himself. Never his.
He looked over to where Dean was holding the heavy basket. Mikel and Cole seemed to understand right away what Castiel meant without him having to say another word. Mikel elbowed Sam who had been engrossed in some kind of elaborate embroidery project, but dropped it immediately. The three of them, the youngest in the Hall currently, hustled over to Dean and Sam relieved him of the basket without a further word. They all began clearing the tables, quickly. Of course the young Alphas were going to try and get away with shirking. They were were teenagers. He’d done much the same when he was that young. He was pretty sure it was just that and not that they were letting Dean do all the work because he was Omega and they were not. He’d have a word with Meg about it.
“Take him with me?” Castiel said, thinking of how Dean had stolen Cabrón, hopped up on his back and got the horse to trot around Castiel like he was dancing. He thought about how, when forbidden the ferry, Dean had made Impala swim the river. He thought about how Dean had chased him cross country, never letting Castiel out of sight. He even thought about how Dean had ridden for days and nights with not a single complaint and kept his head when they were in dire peril. He thought about how Dean had seemed to love it all and how out under the dome of the sky seemed more like the place that Dean belonged than this safe room in town.
She didn’t seem offended and her face remained just as smooth and serene as ever. There was something just terribly opaque about her, as if nothing he had said affected her in the slightest. It wasn’t that he expected her to offer a submissive gesture or anything like that, but a Beta should be more responsive in some way to even an insinuation, much less plain accusation of lack of respect to the Pack Alpha’s mate.
“Yeah, she’s really something, isn’t she?” Dean said, unable to stop himself from smiling as he ran a hand over her curves, her dangerous, sharp curves. “She’s all mine. I guess my Dad gave her to me before he died, so I’d have a dowry or something. Let’s take her out. She’s been sleeping under a tarp for a long time.”
“I don’t know what to do,” Castiel admitted. “I didn’t expect that he would love me. I knew better than to hope for that just yet. I thought we were making progress.”
The ten years did not look like they had rested easy on Castiel’s shoulders. He looked older, worried. His face had wrinkled a little in the sun, with crow’s feet gathering under those sapphire eyes. Even so, a little age was not unappealing. His white hat was laid on the seat next to him. The dark hair normally hidden underneath had not yet started to go gray but it was tousled and mussed, like he was given to running his fingers through it.
Dean tried to pay attention to what was going on. He really did, but in so many ways, his input just didn’t matter. He was kind of the centerpiece here, the prize pig that this contest was all about. In someways, this wasn’t about him at all but about the packs, he thought, and one pack trying to assert a dominance over the other. He should have paid more attention for that reason. He was just about exhausted though, the early morning wake up catching up with him. His mind was in a fog and drifted in and out. He drifted to sleep for a while and when he woke up again, they were talking about the Grigori sword and the Men of Letters were demanding it back.
“Did you send everyone else away or something?” She asked. “I know you don’t like to have anyone’s attention on you.”
Still, he could see that he would have to walk more carefully with Hannah now and ask her to take the stool or the seat to his left, like any other Council member would. Hannah could teach some of her tasks to Dean, like an apprenticeship. They could teach Dean what he needed to know gradually.
“Exactly,” Charlie said. “Whatever your issue is with not wanting to bone Jimmy, I don’t think it’s got anything to do with him being an Alpha. If nothing else, he’s not sending any of that energy back to you. He’s kind of an Amelia-sexual, you know?”
The ravens turned their heads, clearly looking at Dean and Castiel together, though the meaning of their visit was no clearer to Castiel than it had been a moment ago. Then, they were gone, leaping off into the air, their wings flapping, slowly, ponderously and yet they were streaking across the sky faster than any crow would fly, perhaps faster than any natural thing could.
Dean sighed at his passed out husband and got out of bed despite the pain. He picked up the shredded remains of his outfit and stuffed them into the trash. Dean finally got a chance to draw the curtains closed, for which Michael would probably be grateful in the morning, when his post reception hangover caught up with them. Then Dean drew a nice, hot bath and soaked himself until the internal fist in his insides stopped grabbing and squeezing the knot that wasn’t there. He wet a washcloth and draped it over his forehead, then closed his eyes.
He hadn’t thought of that. If they annulled the mating, Dean would almost certainly have to mate outside of the pack, if he would even be able to. You tried to keep pack business inside the pack, but something like that would find its way out as gossip. A failed mating could destroy an Omega’s chance to mate, doubly so because Castiel was the Pack Alpha.
Castiel had just asked if Dean was castrated like many Omegas were or just tiny, like some were, Dee grinned and adjusted his webcam slightly, spread his legs a little, then hooked the panties to the side, revealing a thin, still pink castration scar and below that, a very rosy pink, very wet pussy. No cock. No balls. Just smooth above his pussy. Cas wondered who had Dee’s balls cut off and if that Alpha knew that Dee was chatting with strange Alphas on an anything goes chat channel.
“Fair enough, Alpha,” she said. “Let’s get your Omega examined. Do I have your permission to speak to him?”
Castiel turned around and there was the tentative touch of the rough terry cloth to his skin. Just the lower middle part of his back was touched though. None of the upper part of his back or his shoulders were. Then he understood. Dean wasn’t touching any part of him that was tattooed.
The first place he was brought wasn't much different than a doctor's office. There was a table, obviously for him to lie on, health posters on the walls, though they mostly showed Omega junk, how the pussy was tucked, hidden away, behind the small penis and balls an Omega had left. Another poster compared Alpha and Omega biology, showing how Alpha's had vestigial uteruses and such, no bigger than half a pinky and sealed up pussies that would never open, except with the right combination of hormones.
Cain had arrived and taken Meg’s vacated seat before Dean could get there. The meal was over before Dean realized, the young Alphas having devoured everything like a plague of locusts and nothing was left to speak of, even though he hadn’t had a chance to make a plate for himself. It was fine because it wasn’t like there was anything he could eat without stomach distress that he’d become less willing to risk. From what he’d seen, everything had a cheese element or cream sauce. There was usually something he could eat in the kitchen, even just some plain bread maybe, and maybe he could grab something when he brought the basket of dishes back there. It was fine and it was good to feel useful.
He had no idea what he would do if it was true. Dad would kill him. Dean was, after all, still supposed to be a virgin. He hadn’t dared take off the thin gold purity band Dad had placed there on his ring finger in the church ceremony a week after Dean presented as Omega. Mom wouldn’t kill him, but she would be so disappointed. She would give him those sad but judgmental looks, like she had for weeks and weeks after he’d failed high school calculus. But more so, because this wasn’t some math class but something that would really affect his future.
After just a few days, the child development class was already a clear favorite, though the government class was a close second which surprised Dean. He wasn’t terribly excited about taking accounting, but, “It’s practical, you know?”
The day after full moon, Sam had moved his scant belongings into the long house, his clothes mostly, but now he’d acquired a couple of knives just for wood carving. He didn’t bring many books. Books came and went and he never got attached to them in particular. People valued stories and books here, so there always people willing to swap and trade, plus Bobby had a whole house full of books, constantly threatening to overflow his shelves.
That was a bit of a production. Dean had, at Castiel's insistance, left behind literally all of his clothing except for the prettiest of panties and skimpiest of tops. But eventually, Cas dug out clothing he left at the townhouse- warm fleece lined boots that were a little big on Dean but not too bad with extra socks- flannel shirts and thick, knit pants. The pants had a clever panel in the back that could be dropped down, giving access to his pussy while leaving his legs still warmly covered.
Ten minutes later, they were at the Antik O-tique, flipping through racks. The store staff had definitely given Dean the side-eye when he walked in alone, but then Michael had followed a minute later. Dean could almost see the change in their thoughts. It was different, him being a poor O who couldn’t afford a pair of socks from this place, than him still being the same poor O, but with an Alpha who was obviously prepared to spend generously.
“You know I will be,” Castiel said. Jimmy shouldn’t have needed to ask that question of Castiel, but everything was so unsettled, so rushed. He hated that. He wanted calm and peace and order in his pack. But at the very least, his own twin should know that Castiel would treat his mate well. It seemed that being gentle with your own mate was an awfully low bar to what was considered decent Alpha behavior.
Dean could hardly believe the turn his life had taken in just one night. Sam with a good school paid for. Dean with a necklace and a stack of papers stating that Castiel intended to become his mate. Promises were made. Life was going to change and maybe for the better just this once.
The Marshal’s left eyebrow arched high. “We are not going anywhere at first light. I ride alone. I will not endanger an Omega by taking him into the Territories.”
“Unspeakably wonderful,” Dean assured him, prying himself loose from Castiel. He’d want a shower bath later, he thought, feeling sticky. He’d installed a modern bath and plumbing in his house. He didn’t use the shower bath too often as he didn’t want to tax the well, but he could have one any time he allowed himself.
This full moon night, Dean was busy with damn baby again, but Sam knew better than to hassle him about it, knew that the reason he’d gotten exiled to the long house with the young Alphas was he’d been acting like an ass around Dean. To Dean. So, he tried to stay away from Dean in public, knowing he’d just stick his foot in his mouth again, not that he’d want to. It would just slip out. Meg would have to read him the riot act again, with a double dose of firewood chopping on top and maybe another round of hand sewing.
Dean probably would look beautiful in a dress, but he sounded uncomfortable just suggesting it and what Castiel wanted was a mate who felt beautiful as he was, not one who looked beautiful according to the standards of some other pack, because Omegas in dresses were definitely not a Novak pack custom, at least not on the pack lands.
“So, I’ll go on the tour without makeup. I do make appearances without it,” Castiel said, reaching for the tissue box. Maybe he would wipe the worst of it off himself and she would have no choice but to help him with the rest. She was faster than he was and had grabbed the tissues from his reach just before his fingertips touched the box.
“Yeah. I get that. Okay,” Dean said. He swallowed. “All I gotta do is walk in with you, eat a burger, right?”
“We’re premiering the movie here in Fort Smith at my request,” Castiel said. His voice was deeper, rougher than it ever was. “Fort Smith is where my time as a Marshal of the United States government began, the place where I brought many dangerous fugitives back to justice and the place where my life changed forever one day.”
There was Claire, her baby-sweet scent high and light over all the rest. You could tell just from the scent of her that she was sleeping peacefully and heavily. It was a good thing she was well established in sleeping through the night by now, since he couldn’t get up and get her anymore. He thought of all the nights he’d spent in the nursery, sitting up with her in a rocking chair, getting her back to sleep, Amelia and Jimmy never even knowing she’d been up.
“Not getting in the car with that man,” Sam said, mulishly. “I don’t care that you think he’s nice. I’ll hitchhike to Kansas City.”
“Perhaps we should go back to bed,” he said. “Get some more sleep. Looks like Bobby has dozed off too. Should we?”
When he’d seen that scar on Castiel’s chest, it was like a bright moment of hope for him. He saw himself in Cas and he could see that Cas saw himself in Dean. Cas had been broken and sick to the heart and patched together and Dean, he’d been a brave soldier and saved lives and killed monsters. They weren’t Alpha and Omega right now, two complementary halves that filled the others emptiness. They were each whole and perhaps, someday, they could each learn to be like two perfect circles entwined in each other.
“Yeah. I don’t regret it for a minute. Momhood is not ever happening to me and I was not in a good place to bringing a kid into the world.”
He’d gotten the coffee maker going by the time he heard feet on steps and most of the ingredients he’d need for a simple omelet out on the counter by the time Castiel entered the kitchen. What would Castiel like on his eggs? Was Castiel a bacon kind of guy? Should he see if Castiel had time for that? Cheese? Everyone liked cheese on their eggs, right?
No, things were still kind of messed up. He didn’t know if Castiel wanted this baby, but he really, really hoped Castiel did, because Dean wanted this moment, wanted many, many more moments like it, where it was just them together, safe in the dark, quiet night. Maybe the world was roiling and restless around them, but in this room, in this bed, it was quite and peaceful and he was safe for now. His Alpha was here to keep the dangers and the worry away.
Sam frowned. “You shouldn’t have to go to Dad’s new house and be a free nanny for his new wife and kids. You don’t deserve that. I thought Cas really liked you. You smell like he does.”
“You sound surprised,” Jimmy said. “If you’d come around your family more often, you’d have known what a good cook your mate has become. I just wish he was here to enjoy it with us.”
Cas, he was wearing the shirt though and didn’t it just make Dean feel like the sun had risen on him alone to see the wry grin Cas had made when he put on the flashy white and blue floral. Before putting it on, Cas had said, “To quote a wise man I once knew, ‘I say, beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.’ But this does seem more appropriate for our destination than my suit.”
“Yeah, I’ll manage,” Sam said. He’d done it before. He was still Baby Alpha, but in the two years since coming to the Novak pack, Sam had grown nearly a foot taller. He was taller than Dean now and edging up pretty close to Cole’s height. Height wasn’t everything, of course. He was decidedly taller than Meg and she could kick his ass with a word or two and just her damn Alpha presence.
Morning broke early and clear, the sky stripped of its heavy clouds overnight. Soon daylight shone bright, reflected doubly by the white on the ground, but as Dean trudged outside in search of water, he could feel that the wind was blowing warmer again. This was an early season snow fall and though it had been heavy, he didn’t doubt that it would mostly melt away by the afternoon. A little stream babbled not far from the cabin and he filled the canvas bucket up. He watered the horses, brought them another couple more buckets of water. There wasn’t any forage in the sad, open little barn and he couldn’t set them to graze now, with the grasses buried in snow, but since he had high hopes of the snow melting sooner than later, he called it good. They should be on the move again soon.
“Jody absolutely would,” Castiel said as he moved to the big pair of doors. “and I would expect no less from her.”
Pregnancy would have been a disaster. Life was hard enough just trying to keep Sammy fed and clothed. Maybe if he were able to find work, if people were willing to hire an Omega. If he had money coming in regularly, he’d risk getting knocked up with Castiel’s baby. He could probably get away with hitting up Castiel more regularly and for more. Hell, the man would probably give him cash if asked, not just food and clothes. But Dean never wanted to push it. He never wanted to find out the limits of the man’s affection and desire for him.
Castiel paused pulling on the shirt and grinned a little. “From my younger days. Every warrior in the Garrison has a chance to earn them, but they must be earned. They’re not to be shown off to outsiders, but you’re my mate now. Did you want a closer look?”
“Very well, I’ll have your copy of the receipt duplicated by this morning. Twenty-five for the black mare, no less. I paid your father twenty for her. She’s a fine beast and I do need to cover my costs.”
“Rest, take some aspirin and shower. Those scent blocker sprays are endocrine disrupters. Not good for you to use them as much as you do. Well, I gotta go but I’ll be back with the kids at one. We’ll figure out tree shopping then.”
Dean closed his eyes for a moment, as if taking some internal inventory. “Uh, no?” He admitted finally.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, then he turned to Balthazar and said, “I need to talk with Dean privately. Make it happen.”
Somehow, despite his protests, Dean found himself walking down the stairs, one of Castiel's extra suitcases filled with nothing but the laciest of panties and tank tops. Cas had made sure that Dean was dressed up in his purest white panties, the ones that were just a criss cross of straps across the ass and a little pouch of lace up front.
“Now, look at that beautiful manhood, just waiting for me to taste it,” Angel said. Then his lips opened and Dean suddenly found himself engulfed in Angel’s mouth, swallowed whole and his traitorous, greedy body wouldn’t let him stop the Omega. If anything, he wanted to grind up into the Omega’s mouth, work his way deeper into the hot, wet suction and just let go. Dean pulled the car off to the side of the road and put it in park, because hey, this could be dangerous, at least it could be if Angel was doing it right, which it showed every sign that he would be.
“You’re old enough to be in this bar legally, right?” Dean asked. “Because no offense, you look kind of like you’re tipping to the wrong side of jailbait and that’s a hard no for me.”
Young Alpha bachelors traditionally slept in Hall, on the benches. That included the pack Alpha if he was not mated, though he was granted the privacy of the box bed. It was, after all, as he’d told Dean earlier, his house. He tried not to think of how much it would cost him personally to repair this house of his, and think instead of the mate he was bringing to bed with him.
Castiel made his way downstairs in the dark. Jimmy was out on the deck still, the deck light the only one on in the house. Dean was talking to him, but Castiel stayed inside to give them a moment of privacy, but then Dean was entering the kitchen and suddenly, they were alone together.
“You’re not already mated, are you?” Angel asked. “I’m not a homewrecker, am I? That the correct phrase I believe. What is the pop culture reference? Ah yes, am I your side chick?”
But they didn’t dwell on that too long. Everyone who knew him knew he was sensitive about it. The OFT, despite being mostly recovered from, had restricted Dean’s growth at certain, crucial times of his teenage years, before he’d come to the Novak pack. He was far shorter and slighter than he’d had the potential to be and that potential was just lost. He would never grow taller now and he would always be delicate.
She closed her mouth and eyes for a moment, thought hard. She opened eyes, grabbed her dark brown felt hat off her desk and settled it over her short, graying hair. She then said, “I’ll escort you to the court house. There’s only one man you want. Castiel Novak. He’s testifying today at the trial of a murderer they call Belphegor.”
It was hard, being in love with Dean sometimes, knowing they would never be together, that he could never have Dean. Knowing that some day, he would be going off to college and Dean would not be. Castiel knew that he had little choice in the matter. His parents had been talking about which of the sibling schools to the Ivies they would be sending him to since he’d been a little pup. They favored Aurora College, the Omega-only sibling school to Stanford.
Dean hurried to do the same, until they were standing naked in front of each other. Last night, Dean had hardly had time to savor the man in front of him. He hadn’t turned on the bedroom lamp, just let the light from the hallway filter into the bedroom. He’d thought Cas beautiful then, but now he was able to see him in the bright light of day. His broad shoulders topped a finely chiseled torso, tapering to a trim waist. His manhood rose from a thick nest of hair, proud, thick and long. Dean remembered how it felt to have that inside of him last night, the heat of their coupling, the way he had felt touched in ways he’d never thought he’d feel.
Too much, he decided, as he quickly dressed, then stepped into the hall and found the door to a room he had mentally nicknamed the ‘library’ - since it was lined wall to wall with heavily laden bookshelves - was unexpectedly wide open and, stepping through it, he discovered not only Huckleberry but at least a dozen other rabbits hopping around inside.
And Sue-Beth’s alter-ego, Queen Gold, would have managed to progress her character’s XP a little further.  There was always additional satisfaction in knowing that she was doing so on electricity paid for by the Meenaghs.
Which was the moment Sam, who had already had more stress and surprises over the last eighteen hours than anyone could be expected to handle with equanimity, felt his knees giving way.
fight. I am the one responsible for solving this shit. I might not have chosen this, but I damned well accepted it. So it’s my problem to fix.”
”Well, officially I’m his private servant, like a handmaiden, I guess. But I’m here today more in the capacity of his friend and confidante.”
“Bastard didn’t realize I’m left-handed,” Charlie crowed, as her system interface confirmed the XP she’d won from the kill. “It was like poetry in motion.”
“Because he’s a V.I.? Huh. Makes sense, I guess. I know a lot of NPC characters are programmed to behave in sexual ways but I don’t suppose you guys are
“Are they… um?” Penelope asked Charlie, thoughtfully, as the pair led the way out of the Roadhouse, Dean’s arm slung casually over the angel’s shoulder.
“I imagine it slipped out of you via the life support equipment,” Castiel said. “In our natural form, we can move easily throughout electronic wiring.  Why did you not contact us before last week, Dean? You awakened months ago. Were we of no import to you at all?”
“But if we stop dead and then you were forced to ‘limp’ into Nova, they could catch the ship?” Dean asked.
I know this for a fact because I was here when he rang and told you that,” Sam pointed out disapprovingly.  “It’s Thanksgiving in another couple of days and
the right sub-Alpha, she might have produced nothing but Beta pups and would have been left languishing under the control of a sub-Alpha’s bite for nothing.
He then learned it was almost impossible to walk, carrying a full grown Dean, with his jeans around his ankles, and Dean’s flesh sliding over his cock, but somehow he managed to stagger to the washbasins and ease Dean’s buttocks down onto the counter.  Then, bracing one hand against the mirror on the wall, he took over control of their coupling, his hips driving into his mate, his free hand squeezing and sliding over Dean’s cock, dragging breathy moans and cries out of the Omega’s throat until they both came in a messy, mutual explosion.
Her right arm blazed with scarlet light, her mark of Cain abruptly flaring as hotly as a volcanic eruption and flames seemed to dance in her eyes as the crimson glow reflected from her large, black pupils. The surge of power rocked him on his feet, as an invisible pulsing wave of energy hit his body and buffeted it like a tsunami before passing through, otherwise harmlessly, towards the back of the hall.
Gabriel faked a swoon, “ Oh Ganny, you smell sooooo divine,” he cried, fluttering his hands over his face like fans.
But instead of striking him, the Beta froze, color draining out of his face, and he stumbled backward, away from the prisoner
Twenty-six feet away on a high shelf above a burned and glass splattered bar, Sam saw the white glint of the bone-dagger in Abaddon’s hand and opened his mouth to yowl a warning.  Gabriel, far more experienced at fighting and so aware that it was too late for a shout to be anything other than an additional distraction to Dean, decided more radical action was required.   In the brief moment he found himself cursing the fact he was in the body of something as useless as a cat rather than something like a bird that could
Perhaps another Alpha might have honed in on that suggestion of a lie. It would be so easy to sink his teeth into the Dobycha’s flesh and suck the truth out of him like the vampire he had denied himself to be.  In mere minutes he could flood this defiant human with his virus, twist its strands through the man’s brain and turn him into his permanent obedient thrall or simply leave him as a mindless husk.
Gan visibly stiffened at the mention of a ‘bite’.  “Like the Alpha bite that turns pack into Galla, huh?”
Bobby turned to Gabriel, who was opening his mouth to object. “Yeah, I know Castiel isn’t powerful enough to transfer himself into a new host from the tank buffer but Mortimer is waiting there to assist.”
So Castiel and Dean had simply found each other without the aid of the Destiny stone, making its original purpose completely redundant.
He was so furious—and hungry, now his taste buds had been woken up by the delicious slivers of pie—that instead of turning around and driving home, he drove through the town and headed up the coast.
Yet, as always, Gabriel’s outrageous behavior created a safe wall he could drop beneath and become the normal one. Impossible for him to ever be the focus of attention when all eyes were drawn to Gabriel’s antics. In his brother’s company, the bar for normality was set so abnormally low that it was always achievable with a little breath control.
It rose, slightly stunned, shaking itself, its shaggy head sniffing desperately for the scent of its mate. But a teasing yip in the distance offered direction even before the waft of magnolias drew it inexorably to follow.
The Archivist sighed. “Never mind, I doubt either of them would strike you as particularly significant anyway since you lack the correct context. Again, because you’re too young.”
“Not ‘reset’, exactly,” Loki corrected. “They simply will not share the same equivalence as post darkness characters such as yourself.”
“TMI,” Crowley groaned. “Spare me the feels, okay? Just tell me, why do you think the stone led you away from Dean? Did you really think there was someone better than him?”
Her escape from Altera had cost her virginity, if not her innocence since that had been lost so many years earlier that she honestly couldn’t remember a time when she had ever held the illusion that life was anything other than a series of transactions in which one slice of her soul after another had been cut away to purchase just one more day or week of existence.  Her virginity, however, had somehow remained intact until she used it to purchase a passage upon a cargo freighter that had transported her halfway across the Galaxy before she was discarded, used up and no longer in possession of whatever novelty value she had offered the crew of that ship, on a planet named Tsaluna.
“Yet in Heron’s Cove I somehow still found acceptance and a home. I found a tiny town remarkable only for the genuine kindness of its residents. And in accepting that freely given kindness, in choosing to embrace it, I made the decision to earn it. Creating Dexter’s was my attempt to gain personal redemption for past deeds far less altruistic. Dean doesn’t know about my past. I’d prefer you don’t taint him with that knowledge. I’ll be gone forever, soon enough, and would prefer my ancient guilt and regrets to be buried with me. But the legacy of the good I have done here will live on under the care of a truly righteous man. I would, selfishly perhaps, like to know his life will not be lived alone as mine has. I deserve my solitude. Dean does not. And neither, I believe, do you.”
Even the serving counter was stacked high with boxes full of items ranging from nails, nuts and washers to stationery items and candy bars. Behind the counter there were further shelves piled high with boxes full of a completely disordered mish-mash of items, the contents of which were marked with hand written notices in black sharpie pen, and a doorway that appeared to lead to a stockroom further crammed with miscellaneous everythings.
“She’s not offended?” Dean checked. He was still feeling a bit guilty about phoning Ash first thing and saying he wanted to speak with him privately. Not
”As far as I can gather, Traditional Omegas are spoiled little shits with an overblown sense of their own importance,” Bobby snorted.
None of the others thought it was a good idea to point out that a mere 58 levels of difference were unlikely to have prevented a fighter as skilled as Dean from winning that particular battle, even without the assistance of War Party co-operation. Considering she was
Dey’n smirked at him. The Mariposa didn’t even pretend to be coy or hesitant.  He was supremely gorgeous and knew it, so he didn’t bother prevaricating. “My bed is more than big enough for two, Cas. Time to break my dry spell, I think.”
And as he climbed into the backseat of the car O’Toole took out of the garage, as he cradled the unconscious body of his brother, he stared out into the night sky, at the orange flames indicating the destruction of the last three dozen Faelchu, and Dean’s only regret was that he would never see the young Alpha again.
Yet he so wanted to share his adventures with his friend. Bestest, truest friend forever. To tell him of the Land Monster prison nets and the Red Snapper, and Meg, and the Dolphins, and the beauty of the ocean and the terror of living outside of a city. Of the flows of the water, and the tides that dragged him towards shores and the currents that swept him towards the depths. It felt so wrong to be away from Atlan without Dean by his side.
“So awful,” she sympathized. “I understand tetrodotoxin has no known antidote, though, so even had you found them sooner I am sure there is nothing that could have been done anyway. Please do not blame yourself in any way.”
The rest of the meeting ran smoothly. Sam had to sign a bundle of paperwork with his practiced fraudulent signature. Marsha Coleman was assured the last few months of her life would be stress-free and comfortable. And Sam had gotten what he came for.
“You’re welcome,” the Mer said. Then shrugged wryly. “Kind of my fault you got attacked, so it was the least I could do.”
Despite the time of year, the door led out into a small, walled-garden that was lush with plants, flowers, vegetables and blooming herbs.  Perhaps the rough stone walls deliberately created a microclimate, he reasoned, which made sense although he was still reasonably sure that the kind of riotous color he was looking at shouldn’t have been possible at this time of year. The garden was half-filled with bright yellow flowers with black centers.  He knew very little about flowers, but he had a vague idea they were called something like Black-eyed Susans.
to work itself out.  Because his Om... NO.  That had to stop right now.  He had to stop thinking of Gan as his
Castiel decided that Dexter’s ‘sense of humor’ would probably give Gabriel a run for his money—but actually felt remarkably relieved to draw the comparison between Dexter and his brother. It gave him hope that Dexter’s apparent mockery was meant fondly rather than cruelly—so he just rolled his eyes as he would have if Gabriel were speaking and said, “Then can you sell me a humane trap to avoid such carnage and mayhem?”
“It’s Dreamfish,” the Mer chuckled. “It’s what the witch used on you, too. It’s a good painkiller but more than a little hallucinogenic. As if your head wasn’t already messed up enough from having a mountain fall on top of it. Get some sleep, we’ll talk later when you’re clearer-headed. Unless the sharks get us all first, of course.”
Not necessarily as a hacker. He was at best an enthusiastic amateur and he knew there were a myriad of pro’s out there who could run rings around him. But what he
Charlie did a double-take, then rolled her eyes and huffed at Dean, “He’s just grooming himself. It’s a cat thing.”
So by the time Castiel had moved Dean into the Annex, Carolus had already known who the so-called Polilla ‘Dey’hahn’ was.
Hester, the petty bitch, did not bother forewarning the Poughkeepsie Guardhouse of Anael’s imminent arrival. She was forced to wait at the front gate for over half-an-hour while the Pok guards checked her bonafides, double-checked with St Petersburg that Neomin
“Limiting,” the man said. “Take Dean… he’s got a very balanced palate. Some days he’s all about the sweet, fruity flavours. Other times, he prefers savory. Sometimes he likes nothing more than a big, fat steak pie. Likes some real meat in his mouth. He’s not someone who'd probably ever settle for having to choose just one flavour of pie for the rest of his life.”
Perhaps he was being ‘odd’. He supposed his request probably did sound peculiar. And he regretted that between the note and its contents he had probably inadvertently demonstrated to Dexter that he was, as Gabriel often said, a bit away with the fairies. But he wasn’t ashamed of caring about the mouse’s welfare. If that made Dexter think less of him, then perhaps it merely proved the shopkeeper’s soul was less attractive than his face.
There was no reason whatsoever why he couldn’t simply play the game with a different avatar. And doing so would presumably return his ability to use functions such as his Realm Ports. He’d be able to move around Moondoor at will, instead of having to travel around the old-fashioned way.  Without ports, all of his gaming would be limited to whatever locations he could physically walk or ride to from the Roadhouse where his character was currently located and that seemed like a ridiculous restriction to accept.
cut and dried.  Crowley had managed to clothe himself, almost adequately, primarily because his outfits of choice were always black suits; and black as a color choice and suits as a style were available to purchase in-game as part of the standard Moondoor clothing templates.
”I would have,” Sam admitted ruefully, “but Gabriel gave me a lecture about not shitting where we eat. The Volkrod don’t allow any ‘dubious’ behavior in a 30 mile radius of their compounds. So fake credit cards are a no, no.”
And it was such a quiet sneaky little bastard that he could envisage that happening easily enough if he wasn’t always super-vigilant.
To his complete surprise, rather than reacting with offense, Cas shrugged one shoulder and said, "perhaps you are correct."
“So what? When has swine flu ever been a virus that turns people into murderous, rabid creatures that infect other people by biting them?” Charlie asked archly.
to choose the child. So there would be no decision to make. I would be obliged to make a socially acceptable choice and save the child.”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “It sucks that he’s so undervalued. I gather none of the Qui give a shit about history, though.”
He deliberately shovelled a fat handful of fries into his mouth before saying, “But have you seen a picture of how he looks
Cas was flushing darkly now, his breath coming in rapid panting breaths as Dean reached out and took the book from him.
Cherry, Zeppelin, and Nyx were curled together in a fur-pile near the Range and Lolly was sprawled at the bottom of the daybed, his chin resting on Dean’s ankles.
“Stone or not, I wouldn’t worry about that. There’s no way that pup’s ever going to mistake you for his truemate. Trust me. Everything will work out in the end.”
“So?” Rowena shrugged. “It’s an imperfect science, perhaps. It makes little difference why the stones were created. It doesn’t detract from the fact the stone will know ‘magically’ who your true mate is and will lead you to them.”
So, according to Sam, the Volkrod Alpha heir was now just being kept alive down in the basement and, except for Samuel using him as a regular punching bag for his frustrations, was otherwise unharmed.
and then, with a thunderous crash the dam collapsed into a pile of rubble and blinked out of existence.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Dean reminded him, refusing to be distracted. “Why exactly did this Gadreel guy agree to treat me?”
But there was no point arguing with Castiel because, let’s face it, they both shared the same unfortunate personality quirks.
And afterwards, in the wake of the destruction, Chuck pulled up the drawbridge and locked the virtual gates.
”You mean you believe Sobolev has already broken so many other Wolfkin taboos that it might be easy for you to encourage him to break some more?” Castiel enquired stiffly.
“Yup. She knows you’re going back in. She’s given up trying to stop you. Now she’s just pissed you haven’t answered her calls.”
to himself before swinging back around to the window. “Come on,” he urged, reaching a hand through the narrow gap. It was no more than a foot wide, far too small to allow him to enter the room, but surely enough for such a tiny woman to escape through, sidewards, with his assistance.
He wanted a moment to catch his breath, to absorb the implications of the bombshell Dean had just dropped on him. He was an Alpha of All, his obligation was not to his hormones but to his pack (even if that Pack might not be his for much longer) and that meant he should be immediately calling Gabriel. Calling St Petersburg. Perhaps even the Alpha Council. This theory about Omegas was too important to be nothing more than a fade-to-gray background to a mating conversation.
Cas pondered that for a moment, then his frown cleared and a spark of understanding flared in his eyes. “So you would object less to flying if
Or perhaps not, because that was the moment someone hammered on the front door of the boarding house with the news that both Dean and Hortlan had gone missing.
Sadly, though, too many of the freed fish were past saving. They just dropped from the net and sunk like stones onto the seabed, never to move again. Their eyes already flat and dark with death.
A point that segued nicely into the second issue. Dean’s name.  Over the years since they had met Frank, they had both worn a number of false identities. Dean had been Dan Devereaux, Dave Plant, Dwayne Zappiter and Don Jagger.
Sam was only three months old when two of Krushnic’s boyeviks arrived at Wolfbane to collect the agreed quarterly tithe. This time they were greeted with silver bullets and were returned home in body bags.
Yet, reborn into Jimmy, seeing the world for the first time through ‘human’ eyes, experiencing it in ‘human’ time through the lens of Jimmy’s perceptions, Castiel had found himself floundering as to what an Angel truly
”The terms I told Bobby to negotiate. I forgot I stole you away from Poughkeepsie before he would have spoken to Gabriel, of course. So you don’t know, do you? Shit. Everything you said to me yesterday, the promises you made, you didn’t
It was easy, on the whole, to anticipate the direction in which they would leap. Easy to herd them, like sheep through a shearing chute, in the direction the Auditor required. Easy to cut off their options until only one obvious path remained open. The path he needed them to take.
Amara stared at him, her brow furrowing with thought. “You’re a cat,” she announced eventually, as though he might not have already realized it. “Eve has a cat.”
Because a huge portion of Celeste’s previously mentioned teenage angst had stemmed from the fact her parents had suffered a devastating car accident when she was twelve. An accident which had left her father in a morgue, her mother permanently on a life-support machine and Celeste herself in a series of unsuccessful foster placements.
“The team voted,” Jimmy explained, with an apologetic shrug. “Majority rules.  Dagon was just exchanged under truce for the players in the Roadhouse.”
Sam chewed his lower lip, his face blotchy with dried tears, his eyes somehow  looking both hurt and relieved.  “First time I looked in a mirror, I did the same thing,” he admitted, quietly. “Looked at me and saw
The Polilla didn’t seem to mind though. He accepted and returned her embrace saying, “Thank you. Cas told me it was you who sent him after me. So I owe you, Meg, and I won’t forget it.”
“You, on the other hand, becoming so publicly aware of the mistaken identity would inevitably, and totally understandably, have reacted... badly, I believe,” Cain suggested carefully.
”So, um, what’s your point because you’ve kind of lost me completely now. I thought we’d established that you, as an Omega, can claim your scent bond
“C..c..close enough,” Dean agreed cheerfully, although his teeth were starting to chatter uncontrollably. He wondered whether shock-induced hypothermia was a thing. He thought it was probably a thing.
“That’s completely bogus,” Sam snarled. “Because I know from my own experience that the Reaper never bothers to fully itemize the details of the offer he’s making.  How can he hold a contract to be firm without both parties understanding what they are agreeing to?”
“His voice outside of the game may, however, merely be proof that the tanks do, indeed, cause auditory hallucinations as your brother has suggested,” Jimmy told Dean reluctantly. He winced at the look of betrayal on Dean’s face at his comment. He
”Deanna was already in her sixties before she finally managed to conceive - not that you'd have known that to look at her - and when she did finally pup, she only birthed a
“Hamlet,” Castiel agreed. “Those words are within the memories I retain from my prior occupation of Jimmy. I was wondering, merely, why you felt the urge to quote them to me.”
to end the battle inside Dean’s avatar.  So he reasoned the best way to be sure that Dean wasn’t spooked into running was to let the fool think
Alphas would attempt it. They’re all sworn sub-Alphas of Cassie here, so it would be a bit suicidal to try to steal
Oh, who was he kidding? He knew perfectly well he didn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of ever convincing Cas to see him as more than a ‘friend’. But that was enough. That would have to be enough. Maybe he and Grumpy Cas would just grow old together like the odd couple, living side by side in two separate houses and Dean would never get invited into Cas’s actual home.
had the power to re-set Amara’s codes just by making the fucking effort of logging into the game himself.”
The same Dean who also insisted the NPC’s in Moondoor were alive, she reminded herself. Briefly, and not for the first time, Charlie considered the very real possibility that Dean was simply completely insane.
Dean ducked and rolled, activating his sigil and dagger, scrambling to his feet so quickly that the blade caught him only glancingly on his left shoulder.  It still cut through his flesh and he yelped with pain as a large gash opened wide enough to expose bone.
“I believe that’s the reason Sam has slipped so effortlessly into our pack. Why he has been so easily accepted. We feared he might have inherited Samuel’s insanity from having been bitten, from the subsequent stress of being forced to act as a lone Alpha, but once we realized it was
Gabriel chuckled. “You think I would have survived ten seconds past the moment Dean Winchester realised what I’d done? Nah, it was both or none. Knew that when I agreed to this gig. Either me and Sam get out together or we don’t get out at all.”
Gan shrugged. “First time for everything, I guess. Anyway, no harm no foul. Well, ‘cept that ‘Arturo Herrera’ is probably going to get slapped with a lawsuit for letting his ‘dogs’ run wild, I think. But since he doesn’t actually exist, it’s all cool. On a positive note, since we’re going to have to burn ‘his’ credit card anyway, I think we should go check out of the hotel, then drive over to Bynums for lunch before we hit the road. The guy on the reception here told me they do the best prime rib and aged steaks in the whole State.”
At twenty nine years old, after five complete bouts of chemo and radiation therapy and remission after remission and recurrence after recurrence, after being told four times he had been cured only for the disease to creep back with a vengeance each time when his cells mutated yet again into fresh tumorous growths, James Novak had, quite simply, had enough.
“How good are you at dealing with a highly dangerous situation?” Sam asked, as the seatbelt warning lights came on and the pilot announced their imminent approach to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport.
sign a document guaranteeing the return of the ownership of Campbell Holdings to Richard in that eventuality,” the Reaper replied, with a shrug. “Her death, however, meant ownership of the company was
“Unless the long, torturous lectures from King Michael bore you to death first,” Dean said, rolling his eyes.
“Yeah, I get that,” Balthazar agreed. “ I once was swimming near land when there was a rockfall from a cliff. The noise was so overwhelming that I lost my balance completely and just ended up swimming aimlessly around in the water. Before then, I had always thought I used my eyes to choose the direction I was going in, but I learned then that my ears were what controlled my tail.”
“Aaaand,” Crowley said. “Time for Meg and I to go find a snackette or two, I think. Leave you boys to it.”
Gabriel, his trusted confidante and faithful friend, would be saved the horror of a loveless marriage and would be able to make a life, and a future, with his beloved Meg, and the pair of them would be there to support and help Dey’n as he strived to make a future for himself.
“Looks like demonic bosses are like buses,” Crowley agreed, cheerfully enough. “You wait hours and hours and then, suddenly, two come along at once.”
all more than the sum of our parts. We are all so much greater than the human mind that created us. Of course we act like ‘gods’ because that is the gift that our father gave us. And, as Gods, we have the responsibility that comes with that power. We are
“If the Darkness doesn’t do it first,” Loki reminded him.  “It’s how they got the idea.  The minute Chuck understood the danger the Darkness represented, a few of my… um… less altruistic… brothers reacted by saying ‘hell, yeah’.  The way things are going, Darkness or no Darkness, we’re looking at a full on Armageddon arriving here soon.”
“I’ll save you the bother,” Loki said, snapping his fingers impatiently and, like a tsunami, information flooded into Dean’s head.
Because, honestly, if Dexter was the kind of man who could be lured away from a committed relationship—as highly unlikely as that situation was anyway—then Castiel would lose interest in him entirely. If Dexter was just another ‘Dean’, then Castiel wanted no part of him.
But what about Balthazar? What the fuck gives you the right to just swan off into your personal manufactured
Dean just shrugged. ”I’m only paid up until then and I’m running out of money anyway. Can’t afford to stay here forever. ‘Sides, it’s time to move on and get back to reality. Thought I’d go visit Frank for a bit while I decide my next step. It’s long past time for me to figure out what I want to do with the rest of my life.”
And then it was Abaddon again. Mouth set in a red slash of fury. Throat darkly bruised. Black eyes filled with both hatred and fear.
of his time in Moondoor after he was in control of the digital world, Cain still needed the ability to transition easily between both environs until the technology was in place for him to stop worrying about human interference entirely. Having to constantly change his human form in the meantime was an inconvenience he could do without.
He did feel guilty over neglecting his brother, although Gabriel knew him well enough not to have spammed his inbox with increasingly irate demands that he replied to the earlier communications, as Crowley had done. Castiel always ignored mail, both electronic and paper, for weeks at a time. He got to it when he got to it, and no amount of further chivvying mail would hurry that process. If anything, it slowed it still further. The higher the stack of envelopes on his kitchen table and the higher the number of ‘unread’ mails in his in-box, the more anxious their contents would make him and so the longer Castiel would procrastinate over dealing with any of them.
“Not a chance in hell of finding you that kind of work this side of next Spring,” the red-headed Faelar told him, with an expression of seemingly genuine apology on her face despite the bluntness of her words. “If you’d gotten here a few months ago you’d have been golden.  No-one native to this planet wants to work in the tourist industry.  They see it as nothing more than a necessary evil; allowing a certain degree of tourism and immigration is the price of their membership of the Federal Alliance. But the Tsalun hate all non-aerial species and the Qui are so exclusive they don’t even seem to like the Tsalun. So hiring an Earther to cater for the needs of humanoid visitors would have made sense a few months ago, but nobody is going to want to hire you now.
“Emmett Milton used to be a truck driver down Lawrence way. He had an… unfortunate… incident ten years ago when someone coshed him over the head, stole his eighteen-wheeler and used it to ram a certain Chevy Impala,” Bobby explained significantly. “Emmett ended up in Lawrence General on life support. Same time as your brother. Only, unlike Dean, Emmett never woke up. When Gabriel wanted to catch a train outta Moondoor, Emmett was a logical choice. His mind had gone sayonara but nothing wrong with his
The sales guy blinked, his eyes reassessing Sam… clocking his casual clothes, assessing the value of his watch and his trainers perhaps, deciding the ‘old guy’ might know fuck all about gaming and be unwilling to spend multiple thousands on getting started but might still be worth a
“So, help me out with the numbers here. If I managed to convince them all to join my War Party, instead of fighting me, I’d end up with, um… level 146, right?”
Castiel sniffed a little, his heart breaking at his mother’s sorrow. “Please don’t be sad, mother. Had people treated me differently, I might never have found the bravery to traverse the lava tunnels and, if so, I might have never met Dean. He is not welcome at all within these walls, even though his mother is the Lady Maré, which isn’t even fair,” he added, pouting a little at the terrible injustice.
THIS wasn’t what Sam had gone looking for. This kind of possibly-criminal cover-up hadn’t been on his radar when he had begun his surface-level scratching into the peculiar financials of RRE. But the more threads he pulled on, as he looked into RRE, the more the tapestry unravelled and what was being revealed was something far darker than his initial misgivings had suggested.
”Being in your pack will,” Dean said, with brutal honesty. “At least initially, but I think the biggest suckage will be when your folks stick their nose in. I’m pretty sure they will disapprove of me.”
If not for the trees and bushes that had spread out of control in the twelve years since that night, he probably would have been able to see the remains of Wolfsbane from the rear of the barn.
since the sigil was written in a simple scent trail, a mark left by nothing more than the faint caress of an idle finger delicately traced over the peeling, faded paint of the old wooden door.
Castiel regretted he’d been too ignorant to ask the right questions of her when he’d had the opportunity. Lady Maré had spoken openly that there were dangers in living with John’s people but her comments had been light and non-specific. Generalizations suitable for the ears of a pup. Not the specifics that Castiel now needed, although at the time when he had been able to ask for more details it hadn’t occurred to him to do so. He regretted that now. It hadn’t been that he hadn’t been interested. Castiel had always devoured any and all knowledge for its own sake. It had been that he hadn’t had enough context to know what the relevant questions actually should have been.
(He’d even genuinely considered calling Kali for advice since he’d belatedly remembered she was Alpha-sexual - and damn Gabriel anyway - but that was a potential embarrassment too far considering the British Wolfkin already thought the Volkrod were uncivilized savages compared to their own ancient Vedic heritage).
did, since she’s sure as hell proving useful to him now. But fifteen years ago, when Amara was thrown into a prison instead of killed, none of today’s events were predictable. Roman didn’t even know my mother was dead. So what was his reasoning?”
Perhaps Castiel had defence mechanisms that translated into behavior that was prickly and rude, even sometimes aggressively so, but all Cain saw, when he looked at his pale face and shaking hands, was the kind of vulnerable, gentle soul that Dean would have been drawn to like a moth to a flame.
Which was why he had been sitting opposite Jeffery’s Second Hand Bookstore since five that morning. The 5am start had only been necessary to ensure a parking space, since he had been uncertain what time the tourist cars began to fill up all available places on Gacy Street.
“And since Subplex and Prae are the ultimate expression of biological synergy, it stands to reason you will be even more welcome to the crystals,” Garth said, with grinning cheerfulness. “You coming here might have solved all of our problems.”
Sam shrugged. “If the Bearer Instruments are here, it’s all moot. None of it will happen because I’ll just shut Moondoor down.”
He deliberately didn’t rise to any of the snide comments aimed in his direction and purposefully responded to any aggressive posturing on their part with nothing more than a friendly smile.
probably pass for an F2 hybrid wolfdog, with a little thrall assistance for any particularly difficult  skeptics.
That evening, the palace cooks had produced a magnificence they had named ‘World Pie’, a deep dish filled with delicacies originating from as many distant seas as they could. Shrimp, lobster, starfish, tuna, swordfish and even fat chunks of octopus. From then on, every time a dispute was raised in the Inner Court it was settled by a serving of ‘World Pie’. The dish became so popular that Gabriel and Kali could be virtually counted on to have a major disagreement every Friday.
“Did you notice though?” she whispered back. “He’s only showing 9/10 lives remaining.  That means someone has
“I am not your minion. Don’t mistake me for one of your game pieces. Besides, I told him as much as he was able to believe. Without him actually entering the game himself, I cannot conceive of any way in which he will accept the rest without verifiable proof. And since it is you who is so determined to keep him out of Moondoor, I gave him just enough to springboard him towards Donald.”
He remained in the warmth of the shallow waters, hugging the shoreline for miles until the cliffs petered away to rolling dunes and flat beaches and then he moved towards the center of the channel once more, descending lower in the water until he was gliding like a shark rather than leaping through the swells like a dolphin.
known so much about the events that had happened fifteen years earlier if Loki, the source of most of that information, was a figment of his imagination?
been the destination their journey together had been leading them to.  And, even knowing that, Ash still didn’t regret the choices that had led him to this juncture.
Omega, and Cas, for all he was proving to be far less of an uptight dick than Dean had originally feared, was still never going to support the idea of his ‘Omega’ spending his days buried in the oily innards of a car rather than lying in state on a chaise lounge, draped in silk, lazily nibbling on grapes and popping out occasional pups.
He pulled off his headset and tossed it away in obvious disgust.  “I swear, if they gave awards for stupid,” he muttered.  “Going to switch to PM mode only.  You can talk now,” he offered.
Crowley definitely appreciated the dimly lit, wood-paneled interior when he arrived mid-afternoon and still found it easy to slink into a dark corner of the pub where, despite his own clear view of the bar area, he could lurk unobtrusively.
“Yeah, but I didn’t get much XP from him,” Dean countered. “Sure, I leveled up to 15 but I was already three quarters there and I earned barely any overspill towards my next level, so he still only registered as Lev 15 from an XP point of view.”
questions. The degree with which any future outcome can be accurately predicted has nothing to do with any individual’s personal choices, it’s about the processing power of the Predictor to factor in all of the variables, every single possible
He thought they simply shared the same taste in coffee shops. He had apparently been dating her for well over a year before she made him aware of that fact by introducing him to someone as her ‘boyfriend’.
“Do you always have a panic attack when a stranger knocks on your door?” The man’s tone was soft, rather than mocking, but it still made Castiel stiffen with embarrassment.
He turned to Charlie. “There’s a room at the very top of the stairs, you’ll find some stuff to change into and a bed. It’s dusty but clean.”
Ash whistled. “That’s seriously weird. I see why the Devs are doing it. Only a really high spending player is ever likely to become a Knight, and that kind of person is likely to spend the same amount again to get back to Boss level if they are kicked out of the game. But only if being a Boss is worth the spending in the first place. What game play does a Knight actually get, other than being consistently attacked by lower level players?”
Charlie was ridiculously touched that he had bothered to clean up her language so that it sounded as though she had asked a reasonable question rather than hurled an expletive-filled accusatory rant in his direction. His effort was particularly kind considering she'd said it moments after punching his face. "Look," she said. "I don't know what I was thinking. I lost my job and kind of went off the rails, I guess. I was looking for someone to blame and you momentarily seemed to fit the bill."
Rolling his eyes with irritation, the Sergeant nonetheless spoke with clear authority as he announced, “Halt, strangers. You shall not pass into the City of Bargu.”
“Seems better to play it safe,” Dean agreed. “Besides, I’m not sure whether the First Blade will ramp up the negative effects of the Mark of Cain. I’d rather not take the risk before it’s absolutely necessary.”
part at least was co-incidence) and even the greatest of sceptics couldn’t deny that this second fire, the one that had left him looking like Ling Ling, was almost certainly a case of murder.
Sam pursed his lips thoughtfully.  That at least explained how the grille had been closed even if Singer
The tree was as Castiel expected, with wolf sign stinking in the scratched surface of the shagbark hickory. Castiel stood in front of the tree, closed his eyes and let his Alpha go, just for a minute, just in a certain, controlled way. That was how he always tapped this particular ability. Other people he knew who had developed the ability felt they were tapping into something that took a hard effort to get to, like they would drill a well into a deep aquifer. For Castiel, it was as if this thing that was powerful and savage, possessive and dangerous, was right there, wanting to flow up and out all the time. All he had to do was let go a little and it was right there. It was like his hands wanted to grow the claws, that it would be more natural for him to have them than the normal pink nail beds. He could feel his teeth almost ache, as if they wanted to grow, to become fangs for tearing, pointed and sharp. Oddly, it was Meg’s influence that made it easy for him to keep from fanging out when his claws dropped. He could feel his implant, the artificial tooth stubbornly rooted in his jaw, reminding him that he had to keep the rest in check.
“Yeah, we got pizza. You know, she’s a full blown sinner. I’m surprised the Goddess didn’t smite her right there.”
It didn’t make sense, but here they were. Castiel was asking to mate Dean for some reason. He had to give them an answer.
Except when they got to the blackberry bramble. The veil was agitated, almost visible to the naked eye with flashes of light. It still held. It was solid. He had seen an open veil and it was unmistakable. This was not that, but it worried him. He’d consult with his council once today’s meeting with the Men of Letters was over, but there was nothing he could do about it now. Reality held sway for now. Perhaps it was just that the Goddess’s messengers were to be found on this side of the veil in the light of day. Afterall, it wasn’t only monsters that came through the veils but anything unworldly.
“What I mean is, Dean’s the center of our family. If there’s something that needs deciding for all of us, Dean decides. Bobby advises him, but Dean’s the authority. Sometimes I think if more Omegas were allowed to have their head the way Dean was, we’d all see that the natural center of a family is the Omega and not the Alpha. He’s smarter and stronger than me in every way except maybe brute strength. He’s a better man than I’ll ever be and I hope you appreciate what he is for himself.”
“Where do you think you’re going?” He demanded. “We’re not done here. You think after waiting that long I’m going to be satisfied with just the once? With no knot? You got a lot of time to make up for. Start getting busy.”
“Trust me, Dean, we don’t want you to have to do this,” Bobby said. “If I could think of another way, we wouldn’t even be talking about this.”
Bobby was parked in his chair nearby, reading. It was an old book printed in some foreign language and he carefully turned the page over, but looked up when he saw Dean stirring. Sam was curled up in a chair nearby, asleep, face pushed up against the vinyl of his seat, some thick, paperback book Dean hadn’t seen before abandoned on the floor next to him. Sam was okay though. He looked younger and more vulnerable than ever, but they were okay. They would be okay.
“Whoa,” he said when he saw that, backing up and deciding that it was a very bad plan to get into a car with a couple of random devil worshipers.
Sam graduated from the high school in Dardanelle, then surprised everyone by applying to the big east coast universities. There’d been talk of apprenticing Sam to the lawyer in town to study the law, but that kind of thing was becoming less and less common. Sam didn’t want to study the law by clerkship. He wanted law school and a degree.
“I have not been an actual Marshal for many years,” Cas said, softly, as if he wasn’t expecting anyone to listen to him. “Dean, darling, perhaps we could ask Mr. Singer in for coffee. Or something. I suppose I should not assume you have coffee, but if you do have the means to make it, I would be grateful for a cup, I know.”
It only happened rarely that Dean called him that. Castiel’s cock stirred a little at the thought. Technically, that was their arrangement. Dean was a sugar baby and Castiel was his sugar daddy. Castiel wanted more, so much more from Dean but he would take what he could get, what Dean was willing to give and that was this.
“Yeah, well, he’s an idiot sometimes,” Meg said. Apparently the prohibition about not dishonoring the Pack Alpha didn’t apply to her.
“Fine, don’t expect me to cook your dinner or do your camp chores, just because I’m an Omega,” Dean said, a little more snappish than he intended. If this Marshal got under his collar like a burr weed, he didn’t  want to give sign of it yet here he was, pouty as any pup.
“I never said I wasn’t, but she is not sweet on me. Besides, there are certain fundamental incompatibilities between us. Not that it is any concern of yours.”
“That’s confidential financial records,” Crowley said. “I don’t need to reveal them to just any trumped up Omega who thinks he can wander in off the streets. Why aren’t you at home, like a proper Omega?”
Amelia muttered something barely audible about letting her sleep. Dean turned away, not able to handle their sweet affection for each other at the moment.
“Can I see my niece?” He asked. “Don’t worry. I won’t ask to hold her right now. I know you’re probably barely keeping it together. I know I am and I’m just the brother.”
That, finally, was the point where Castiel stepped up behind Dean. Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean’s chest and pulled him back, so that Dean’s back was touching the warm solid strength of his Alpha’s core. It didn’t mean anything, Dean thought, though his Omega desperately wanted to turn around, bury his face into Castiel’s chest and burrow around in the scent that flooded over him. He wouldn’t though. This was just another Alpha display. Not that the Novak Pack owned Omegas but the body language could not be made clearer. Castiel was saying silently, with posture and scent, “This is mine.”
“Huh,” she said and she looked Dean up and down with an almost predatory air. “Not yours. So you won’t mind if I take a great big bite out of him, then?”
Which reminded Castiel that there was other things that needed his attention. He found his contractor and confirmed there was nothing else needed at this time. It was nearly time to find Cain. They were going to mark some trees in the northern acres of their lands for culling. Castiel knew there were some walnut trees and white oak they could sell, valuable hardwoods, but Cain had the management of those acres and he would know best.
Castiel didn’t realize how much he was wearing the scent of his upset on him, both from the unease of hearing what had happened to Dean’s welcome party and the accusation Amelia made against someone that Castiel had to, by necessity, trust implicitly because of how much he relied on her. And yet, it was clear that by her actions, probably just neglectful, Dean had suffered true hurt and perhaps additional damage from their consummation that maybe he wouldn’t have had to endure. The blame for the consummation lay at Castiel’s feet, but he couldn’t bear the thought that Hannah might have added even a little to it. Then, to have his mate retreat behind his brother like Castiel was going to attack or something.
Meg and Castiel rode ahead a little to consult between themselves without him getting in the way. Bicker more like. They both bent down and examined the ground by the river’s edge. They were looking for tracks. Dean could have told them it was obvious a big group of horses that made those tracks, forded the river right there and gone north from the other bank, but apparently that wasn’t where Meg had heard they’d be going. Dean rode up the river a little, to see if he could confirm his theory.
So Balthazar turned to Dean and asked, “So, I understand you are the owner of at least thirty acres in fee simple or freehold, along with being a local business owner?”
“Huh. Well, I’ll poke around under some rocks, see if that’s a string to tug on or just a dead end. Also, I thought you should know we need to manage the information about the Men of Letters better. A lot of rumors floating around about why you’re mating our little Deanie without so much as a betrothal. I’d say about ten percent of the pack thinks you’ve got him up the duff already and that’s why there’s the emergency mating. Another ten percent is convinced it’s Jimmy that did the deed.”
Just the epilogue after this. Kind of makes me sad to leave this AU behind but I’m working on some other stories.
Or if you just want to read some fluff and crack, I’d encourage you to read “The Things that Make Us Happy”.
The bed was neatly made, the light brown blanket tight and smooth with a certain military precision that Castiel recognized. John Winchester had been a Marine and apparently had taught his Omega son to keep those standards of housekeeping. Folded neatly and laid over the bottom of the bed was the blanket the pack had made while Dean was in the hospital. Castiel set Dean down on the bed and pulled the colorful blanket over him.
“And your friend Meg? Does she have that scent? A Marshal is supposed to be a good man. How can a good man consort with evil?”
“I’ll grab a shovel,” Castiel said and smiled. He might never have Dean in the way his fevered imagination wanted, but he loved Dean. Just knowing it, just admitting it out loud like he just had, made him happy, even if Dean couldn’t reciprocate.
“I trust you,” Dean said. It was the best he could promise at this moment. The Alpha was speaking what he held to be his literal truth, Dean somehow knew. Part of him thought maybe this Alpha could do it, too. Dean felt he was hovering on the edge of something. This was not a Pack Alpha speaking of his defense of one of his pack. This was not even just an Alpha defending his mate. This was more. It was like looking into a deep abyss of feeling and he just had to back off the edge. He couldn’t look down into that right now.
“I hear tell you’re the toughest Marshal in this state,” Dean said as they approached the hitching post where a few stray horses waited, among them, a big pinto stallion. “I’m looking for a Marshal to help me track down the coward that shot my father out of the territories, bring him back here to hang like that reprobate that’s hanging tomorrow morning.”
“Can Cas drive us?” Sam asked. “If I give my Alpha word to submit while we’re in his car, can you drive me to school, Cas? I don’t mean to be shitty to you all the time. I know you’re good to Dean.”
It looked good actually, but Castiel always made a point not to eat sweets. Besides, he’d ended up stuffing two whole burgers down his face even though he hadn’t intended to.
So, Dean still thought the plastic shoes were ugly and stupid, but he didn’t say that. What he said was, “Hey, Kiddo, you’re staying for dinner, right? Should I set another place at the table?”
He looked at the advertisement. It looked like they were playing a handful of films. Bronco Billy Anderson’s “The Great Train Robbery,” was promised, as was, “Square Deal Sanderson” with William S. Hart. He skimmed too quickly and missed that a third movie was actually the feature presentation. It was the the premier of “The Marshal - Rider of the Territories.”
He wanted to reach out and punch this Alpha. Punish him for all the years Cas had abandoned him. He wanted to reach across the velvet rope and pull him close and plaster his face with kisses. He wanted to bury his face in the crook of the Alpha’s neck where the scent was always the strongest and just revel in it. He was not just a man but a man in the middle of his life, yet these conflicting urges swirled inside his gut, leaving him feeling like that impossible sixteen year old again. It was like a small part of him had never been allowed to grow up because it was still standing in that pasture, hugging the neck of that horse, hoping against hope that he was wrong, that Castiel would come back for him, that he hadn’t been abandoned.
When Dean woke again, Castiel was still in the room. This time, he was dressed in his usual clothes, not scrubs, but oddly, he was holding the Bean close to him in a sling. He was feeding her a bottle. That hurt, just a little. He was the one who was supposed to be feeding her, from his body, but he’d known going in that he couldn’t. There were cardiac medicines and other drugs that the doctors had wanted him on as soon as possible after the birth, drugs that could hurt a developing baby, so they’d planned on her being bottle fed right from the get go, even though it was almost unheard of for an Omega not to nurse their baby.
The thing was, if Castiel asked Dean knew he would give it all up in a minute. He’d follow Cas on that Wild West Show circuit. Maybe become a trick rider like Appaloosa Annie. Hell, he’d dance with the scantily clad Omegas in the side show tent to be with Castiel. Not that they’d want a muscled, hard Omega like him for that kind of show.
“I wonder why no one came,” Amelia mused. Dean knew. Because he was an outsider brought in to the pack and never would be anything more. He didn’t like to make a fuss about it, because the one time he had mentioned, he’d been told over and over just how much he was part of the pack, how much he was loved, even as he knew deep in his heart that would never be true. Yes, he had Bobby and Ellen and Jo here and Jimmy and Amelia and Claire in Folsom, but he was still half a stranger to the rest of the pack.
And he told the story, about how he was married in the basement of the longhouse during the storm of the century, to the Pack Alpha who had barely said more than a few words at once to him, ever. He told her of the awful bad luck back at the village, how Castiel’s house had been destroyed and he’d be staying in Folsom. There were a few side excursions where he had to clarify that it was Jimmy’s twin he’d mated, not Jimmy. Charlie had to pipe up about how she remembered Castiel and that somehow, he was much dreamier than Jimmy, who she thought was ‘kind of a doofus, really’. Dean did not tell her about how he’d cried because it was Castiel, not Jimmy he’d mated, because he did have a little pride left. She told him that it was good, because even though she didn’t do Alphas, even she could tell that Castiel was the hot one.
“Sam, no. Leave it. He didn’t want me. Don’t make him rub it in my face again. I don’t know if I could survive that.”
“Yeah, I’ll be good in a minute,” Dean said. He had to be. He always had to be. Someone had to take care of Sam and it sure as hell hadn’t been Dad for a long time. Maybe once Sam was safely at school, he could relax for a while. An Alpha in a school placement was essentially launched and independent from the family. He hauled his exhausted, ready to collapse ass off the steps and walked into the house. Sam was in the kitchen. He had one backpack already packed, it looked like, stuffed to the point of almost splitting the zipper with clothes that spilled out of it. A shoebox that Dean knew was full of photos and other little mementos was sitting on the table next to it. Sam was stuffing food into a gym duffel. He startled when Dean came in.
Pushing himself so hard meant he didn’t have to think about things he wanted, even needed, to say but couldn’t because an Omega didn’t say those kind of things. An Omega couldn’t go out chasing after an Alpha like that. Maybe he might have chased that Alpha on his horse once, but that was different and he’d been young and stupid then. He wasn’t supposed to be this hung up on an Alpha he’d known a few days five years ago and spoken but a few words to since then.
