Tony was a little more clear-headed than Steve was at this point, and he smiled gratefully when he heard that. “That’s perfect, Steve, thank you.” He kissed his jaw, then pulled away to go into the closet, changing as quickly as he could.
“Not bad, different. Not like in the media. Still cute, but didn’t quite. Put the two together.” Steve mumbled embarrassed, his face as red as the roses that lay forgotten on the porch. “I’m so sorry, that must have seemed so rude.” He quickly stammered. “Please don’t get in the car and leave, I spent like, my last few dollars on our date and I’m really excited. Just need… to you know, get my head around the fact, like,” he was a deer caught in headlights. “I may have had a huge crush on you growing up, Bucky’s on your mom’s scholarship program… it’s just… overwhelming. Good overwhelming but, I do not feel like a well-suited match for you. I have… no money, and I paint for a living. But not like, your gallery style masterpieces, just local… exhibitions…” he hadn’t realized he’d practically told Tony his life story. “You can totally leave if I’m making this weird.”
Steve could feel Tony shaking. “Oh hey.” Steve soothed, “everything’s okay, I promise,” Steve tried his best to assure Tony in his vulnerable state. He moved his hands so they were soothing over Tony’s back, hands moving in circular motions. “I’ve got you baby. You’re not alone, Lemme give you some emotional aftercare for a little while, baby.” He quickly took control of the situation sensing that Tony was emotionally overstimulated and uncomfortable.
Steve listened to Tony telling him anecdotes and stories tied to various facts he was sharing.  They stayed out in the cold for a few more hours before Steve started to feel the cold a little more than was worth it.
“My father hit me plenty too. He gave me my first drink at nine. So no, I don’t particularly want to, but to haven’t been able to kick it. If it helps, I’m not an angry drunk.”
"Steve… Quite a lot? I can be pretty unobservant. If I’m hitting sore spots, it would probably be better for both of us if you tell me. Like stone or not, I don’t want to be hurting you.” He pulled his plate over and took a bite of pancake, still leaning heavily on Steve. “And maybe not all of it can be smooth, but some of it? One date? That would be nice, is all I’m saying.”
“And if you’re gonna keep being so sweet, I think I can keep treating you. Can I kiss you again?”
He couldn’t help but laugh at Steve in his bed and he crawled in after him, then gave him a shove. “It just takes practice. Go brush your teeth. I left a new brush on the counter.” He sucked in a quick breath though when their legs touched and he suddenly wasn’t sure that he could let him go. He pressed closer and kissed Steve’s jaw, then shook himself and pushed him away again. “Go. I’ll still be here when you get back. As will the bed.”
I lost touch with my co-author, y'all. I've had this chapter written for a while, but I just didn't get around to editing, because I wasn't sure when we'd get to write more. I still don't know. So. I don't know if I'll be able to add ore chapters or not. I have a bunch of extra little pieces I can post if you want, but the main plot... Well. Let me know in the comments if you'd like that extra stuff.
“Can I ask what it is about orgasms you dislike?” he inquired. “Part of me of is just curious about the mechanics of sex on that part. I’d never want to put you through something that makes you feel awful, but at the same time I’m struggling to imagine anything reciprocated where we are able to bypass that? Unless that is… stuff doesn’t happen, you know like at all, down there.” He paused before adding “I’ve been trying to think of ways around it. I mean there’s definitely other things to have fun with that aren’t your cock but it’s like, what do I do to stop that, ultimately, if you don’t get hard?” he asked, genuinely curious. “Or are there ways to frame the orgasm that will make you feel better about it? See, I suppose this is where you’ll see I don’t hide my sexuality from you. I’ve been thinking how to claim a steady middle area for us ever since last night because I’m not going to be able to consistently stay in the same bed as you and not want to do stuff,” he explained. “I hope that doesn’t weird you out or anything - I am just… really attracted to you. This is the longest I’ve gone with a partner before we’ve, you know, stayed in bed all day in the traditional sense.” He smiled a little.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at the robot as it was learning. “Holy shit! Would you look at that!” Steve pointed at the robot. “Jesus it’s so cute, they’re like a less messy child,” Steve exclaimed, “and you made that, right?” He took a seat on the floor simply watching Dummy work.
Steve rolled the paper up to avoid fold marks as he moved over to Tony. “I love the sound of your voice when you speak that one,” the language was unidentifiable to him but he didn’t care, any sound that rolled from Tony’s tongue was music to him. He walked over to Tony and gave him a chaste kiss on the cheek. “Sweetness is reserved for dessert,” he teased, leaving the drawing on the side of the table. He took his seat opposite Tony, “it was a close call between the millenium falcon or BB-8 and R2D2 because I’d been focusing on your cute little bot all afternoon. I couldn’t decide. I figured I’d prefer a color study of R2D2 and BB-8 so that’s probably part of your Hanukkah gift.” Steve hummed, taking a bit of garnished salad and mixing it with the lasagna before taking a bite.
She still didn’t look pleased. “Very well, Mr. Stark. Will that be all?”
Steve opened the door, he had suspenders clipped to his slacks keeping his shirt crisp and a long black tie. He looked surprised at first, not quite recognizing who it was at his door.
Steve knew enough loosely Latinate languages to vaguely understand what Tony was saying. He smiled over at Tony, “Mm, love a person who can speak different languages. I have snatches of Irish Gaelic if you have a similar thing for languages.” Steve raised his eyebrows teasingly.
“Maybe I’ll try a beard.” The idea had stuck with him.  “Next you’ll have me wearing plaid shirts and timerlands with ripped jeans,” he prodded Tony’s side trying to lighten him up.  “Our facial hair would touch when we kissed, that wouldn’t freak you out or anything?”
“Jesus, that’s so cute.” She leaned against Bucky’s side supportively, but her eyes scanned Steve and she could tell he was uncomfortable.  “Maybe embarrassing or adorable stories about Steve aren’t the best way to bond.  I’m sure you know about their history, right?” she asked Tony, before leaning out to take his hand.  “Come on, I promise this will get easier, we’ll go sit in the living room and you can tell Bucky and I a little about yourself so we can get to know you.”
“No, no - I have another.” Steve protested, “What do you find extremely unattractive in a person?” He tried not to dwell too much on the fact that neither of them had positive upbringings. He had loved his mother, she’d been wonderful but her death still affected him emotionally.
Tony ate the last of his food while watching Steve, then stood up. “Can I sit on your lap, honey?”
“There’s always going to be plenty of beauty in everything if you’re around,” Steve grinned, pleased with himself for being both cheesy and smooth. He watched as Tony’s thumb moved down to stroke over the timer, 00:00 now showing clearly against his skin. He sighed softly, moving aside Tony’s sleeve so he could kiss the scar. His lips brushed over the bumpy skin, his eyes closed. He felt awful for Tony. Having to see that scar appear and the timer vanished must have squashed his hopes.
Tony snorted and was shaking with quiet laughter by the end of the story. “That’s so ridiculous I can’t even… How did your mom take it? Besides the grounding?” He didn’t really have a coming out story, but he had a ton of fun college stories from when he and Rhodey had been kids.
Steve hummed thinking about it.  “I think it’s more because they haven’t asked us… or you.  She just did it.  She assumed I would be okay with her touching you.  She doesn’t know you’re ace… and I guess ‘cause you are, intimacy like that is our sex so I don’t enjoy it without consenting.  I don’t think she did it on purpose, she sees touch as very disposable.  Nat is free with her body,”
“Fuck… you’ve actually made a sentient piece of technology?” He was beyond astounded. “Does this mean you’re technically a father?” he asked again. “Oh man I’m so okay with that and I never thought I’d be saying that.”
“Thank you, I used to have to put my dad to bed and stuff, I find it… uncomfortable.” Steve hummed, it was obvious there was more to the story, there were millions of jigsaw pieces to add to the one little one they’d stumbled over, but he left it unsaid. “You don’t need to worry, I’m not about to leave you just because things might get a bit tough. With you through thick and thin,” he promised.
Steve looked at Tony, but it was hard to concentrate on what was being said.  Having it called adorable in the moment made it worse.  He stayed quiet, needing some time to recover from the embarrassment before he could interact again.
“Maybe a dark theatre where we can’t talk to each other is a bad idea? Why don’t you drive us out somewhere in the suburbs… like a look-out point or something so we can watch the sunsent together away from the mainstream public,” he suggested, “we can get to know each other. It’s probably not a good plan to not talk after something like this. You’re not being dramatic at all, you’ve had some stuff to deal with, you know. We all got things that are sore spots.”
“Sure you can, so long as you let me cook food for you later, when you’ve finished working. We can have a nice date, in your kitchen and I promise no tears,” he kissed Tony’s cheek.
“I didn’t really know my parents. They never wanted or expected me and I was basically raised by the butler and his wife. All four of them are dead, now. I have a cousin I never talk to who’s doing some kind of secret government research, and I have a not-blood-related sort of cousin, Sharon, who’s pretty fantastic. Then I have Rhodey. He’s my best friend. Been there for me since we were teenagers.
“I don’t really care what the media says Tony. They don’t know you the way I do. I honestly don’t mind going public whenever you are ready,” Steve nudged Tony’s cheek with his nose. “It’s going to be incredibly taxing on you - past relationships will be brought up, people will say stupid shit for attention, there is going to be a huge focus on your personal life in the media for a short while. Honestly, it’s your call. My only advice is make sure you’re in a place you can deal with it,” Steve urged. “If you never make it public or make it public tomorrow, it isn’t going to change how I feel.” He kissed Tony’s cheek over exaggeratedly. “I’m getting tired baby - you gonna let me get some sleep before you turf me off your marshmallow tomorrow?”
There were tears in his eyes again and fuck, this was embarrassing, but he squeezed Steve’s hand tightly and nodded before letting go. “I just. Need a minute. Thank you. For that. But I’ll be right back.” He pulled away slowly this time, then went to the bathroom and leaned against the wall, trying hard not to panic. It was fine and normal for people to need different things but if he was upset wouldn’t Steve get upset because of that? It definitely seemed to work the other direction. How the hell was that going to work? If he was left on his own after getting hurt, he’d work himself to the bone. A couple times, that had been almost literal when he’d played his violin till his fingers bled. He just. Lost all sense of self-preservation and he didn’t want to ask Steve any more questions right then, but he couldn’t see many ways for this to work out well and… He let himself cry for a second, then counted breaths until he could manage to make himself look presentable again. “I’m sorry. Freaked out a little. I have- some concerns for you. Later. But I’m okay for now.”
As Tony moved away Steve put his mug down on the breakfast bar. Following, Steve latched onto Tony’s waist, walking whilst attached to him and sighing softly as he kissed the nape of Tony’s neck.
“Hey… hey, calm down, everything’s fine. Plans change. You don’t have to worry about my wallet or my budget, I’ll be just fine.” Steve tried his best to soothe Tony, “I can give you a great massage if you let me get some of my oils and a decent burner, you look like you could use a little TLC.”
she used to call me - it means ‘my treasure’. How did you learn Hungarian? Was it through the Butler and his wife too?”
Steve smirked, he was so tempted to say no. He liked being able to have the power of touching without being touched, but he figured it was far too soon for them to be practicing powerplay. Removing Tony’s shirt from around his wrists Steve nodded, his fingers deftly running down the buttons of his own shirt before similarly throwing it to the floor.
“Thank you.  For bringing me up here.  This is amazing,” Tony said, unprompted.
Steve laughed at Tony’s sassy response. “Daffodils? How come they’re your favorite?” He asked, nuzzling Tony’s cheek before kissing it.
much better than what Nat had been doing earlier.  “Fuck, it… It feels good.  Thank you, Master.”
“Cheeseburgers and bad Chinese or everything green smoothies and dried fruit. It varies widely. Mostly, I eat whatever’s there.” He really didn’t want to talk about his trust issues or the very real possibility that he’d be subbing for Steve in their future for any longer and he was glad for the change of subject to grasp onto. He might’ve also been making a concentrated effort to drive Steve away though, since he chose to share another bit of personal information most people didn’t like to deal with. “Bipolar disorder’ll do that to you. It’s okay if you’re a health freak. Maybe it’ll rub off on me.” He smiled and took a slice of the pizza to bite into.
Steve laughed again, he couldn’t help but adore this sweet nature Tony had. It had blossomed out of nowhere but Tony was clearly so loving. It was sad to think anyone had ever invalidated that part of him.
Tony was all set to protest until Steve said that both of them were too raw. If Steve was uncomfortable too, then he could go along with it. “Does that mean you actually will let me pay for the supplies? You didn’t answer very firmly on that earlier.” He did still want a chance to see Steve in his element and since his studio was in his house, it could be a problem to hang out there and expect to be able to avoid his roommates. “Because if I get to pay, I’m all for that plan.”
Steve held Tony tight, wrapping his arms around his lover.  “I feel it too Tony.  Maybe not quite love, not yet.  But there is a magic between us, one that makes my head so dizzy I’m scared it’ll fall off.  I really won’t let you go.  Believe me--you’re mine, for as long as we have left on this spinning chunk of rock,” he assured softly.  “Everything about you is beautiful.  I never thought I’d meet anyone who could complete me the way you seem to do.  I’ve learned so much whilst I’ve been with you - grown so much as a person in the space of 72 hours.  You bring out the best in me, make me wanna be all sorts of a good person.  Been thinking that timer was bullshit my whole life ‘til the day it started counting backwards.  I know now how real it is.” He took his gloves off, taking Tony’s off as well so they could feel each other’s skin as they held hands.
“Oh, okay, tough ones. Um. Okay, honestly?” He glanced over at Steve, then back at the road, glad he had a good excuse for not making eye contact. “Sex. If that’s all the person’s interested in, I’m not. And a person who’s rude to waiters or customer service or strangers or children or animals. Not cool with that. And, uh, not touching. Anyone who can’t do casual touch isn’t gonna work out for me. And unibrows. Not a fan.” He paused for a second, glancing over again, then turned it back at him. “How about you? And what do you like in a potential partner?”
“I genuinely think you’re incredibly interesting and complex. That’s always been what I’ve wanted. Someone to match my depth of emotion. I’m sure you’re that person,” he smiled reassuringly over at Tony. “Besides, nothing could make leave you - unless of course you asked me to.”
“Would you or have you already tried orgasm denial where you never actually orgasm?”
“I promise, first night you stay with me at my house? I’ll spend all night dedicated recreating your beauty in my personal sketchbooks.”
“Honey, as considerate as that is, this is our third date. We had dinner, breakfast, and this is dinner again. That’s three.” He grinned back and took another bite of food, feeling surprisingly good about things between them now. “Hypothetical question: Would you be comfortable if–let’s say around Christmas–I put on something very soft and tight and red for you? Possibly with glitter. Would that be too soon? No power exchange. No sex on my part. Just getting dolled up so you can look at me and maybe jack off?” It’s okay if you say no, but I really do like lingerie. And I’ve got some stuff I’m pretty sure you’d like. Seems kind of a shame to let it go to waste after you specifically mentioned lingerie.“
well aware from the texts and messages that Steve had been thinking about him.  “It’s much better now that I’m with you.  Are we going out of the city?”
“Come to my bedroom, honey, and I’ll change for you.” He stood up, then took both of Steve’s hands. “As long as you’re okay with this?”
Steve was grateful that Tony didn’t push. He wouldn’t have been able to restrain himself much longer. Nodding to Tony he rolled his shoulders utter a gentle ‘fuck’ to himself in awe of how little it took from to have him hook, line and sinker.
Tony was well aware that Steve was aroused and he was beyond pleased. Steve hadn’t made him stop or tried to escalate anything and he was very impressed by the self-control. It didn’t hurt that Steve was gorgeous like this. Like anything, really, because he was gorgeous all the time, but this was a special kind of beautiful. “I have pale blue lace and satin boyshorts that lace up in the front. There’s a matching short robe. All chiffon with lace at the cuffs and across the shoulders. Three quarter sleeves and it falls down to mid-thigh. I can’t wait for the chance to dress up for you, Steve. Most nagyon boldog vagy.”
“Jesus you’ve potentially ruined everything!” Steve protested, throwing Tony a look of pure disapproval. Looking distressed, he surveyed the next group of people passing by, not really having chance to take in the features of the man still in front of him. Rolling up his arm the counter had disappeared, replaced with a clean 00:00. His stomach dropped, eyes vacant as he panicked.
“I’d love to.” Steve replied instantly. It was a relief that Tony wanted to see him so soon. Steve wasn’t sure how long he could wait to see Tony again. “How about I surprise you with something romantic?” He asked, “how do you fancy being wooed a little?” Steve grinned, taking a menu to leaf through it. “I must say I’m a sucker for traditional romance. I love to make the object of my affections feel special, if you’re into feeling special?” He inquired with an eyebrow raised. “It’s not everyone’s preferred approach,”
Tony watched him speak like he was some kind of savior and then nodded shakily, half-smiling. He was at least ninety percent sure that he was madly in love with this man he met eighteen hours ago. All those fairy tales with princes marrying their soulmates after an hour made a lot more sense now.
“If you’re struggling with addiction and want to get help, I can help with that. Relapses happen, especially if you’re all alone in the thick of it, without any understanding support you trust when you’re vulnerable.” Steve reasoned, “it has to be your impulse to kick it, but I’m here if you want to. I can help,” he offered, before grimacing at the sounds of Tony’s father and his neglect.
He couldn’t meet Steve’s eyes after that. He didn’t want to scare him like that. Tony had never… He’d never been like that, but he understood the fear and even knowing he was pushing, that might’ve been a step too far for tonight.
“You need me to switch it up for you? We could try French.  I went to a boarding school in France for about eight months.  Almost lasted the full year.”
The elevator doors closed on them, “I have a life?” Steve asked Tony with a chuckle. “Are you serious?” He continued the sarcasm as they waited for the lift to take them to another part of the tower, he looked into Tony’s eyes, bright blue meeting chocolate brown. “Staying the night sounds fab. It’s a good place to start isn’t it?” He smiled, hoisting Tony up a little so he didn’t slip, his arms encasing Tony’s back. “Maybe when we have our second date, you can come and see my art studio?”
"I don’t like to be touched when I’m upset.” He informed Tony - Steve could read him from a mile away. “Please see this as me telling you no and you doing what I’ve asked rather than you hurting me. If you had actually hurt me the reaction would be a lot different.” He warned, “I’m different than you, I have different needs when I’m upset. If I’m really hurt I need time alone. I get the feeling that is going to be hard for you if you do ever upset me badly, but please accept that those are my needs. Just like now, when things get underneath my skin I like to be free of touch until I’ve settled down enough to enjoy it again. It’s a control thing, like always.”
“Steve, my body is dependent on it. Everything just kind of starts to hurt if it’s been too long since my last drink. If I really really go to long, that turns into hallucinations, seizures, and heart problems. It has nothing to do with you. If anything, I’m drinking less because you’re here and making me feel safe. I’m not drinking because I’m stressed or uncomfortable or anything like that, okay? I probably won’t need more than that tonight.” He was looking concerned now too and he touched Steve’s cheek and then his hair, hoping the touch would help.
“Aha! Now I’ve got you,”
The house smelled amazing, Bucky had probably been cooking earlier.  He was right about expecting people to come investigate though, and he’d barely removed his coat when he heard Bucky.
“Look, clearly, you don’t want it to be me. It’s probably not, because I don’t have a counter. So just leave it. I’m sorry you missed your special moment.”
“What in the hell?” Steve muttered from the corridor trying to find Bucky. He was bright red. He’s had the biggest celebrity crush on this dude for a long time. Bucky was on his MIT scholarship scheme--the Maria Stark something. “Did you win a project or somethin?” He called out aimlessly.
“I’m calling orange ‘cause I really gotta get off. I think I should shower,” he ran his hands through his hair desperately restraining his hips from bucking up into grinding against Tony’s ass. “Oh my god -” He put his hands firmly behind his head and leaned back against the headboard listening to the pounding of his heart.
He crinkled his nose at the idea of Steve not brushing his teeth twice a day, but he couldn’t resist the unbelievable comfort of being pulled against him like that. So he let it go. Mostly. He might come back to it later. “Okay. Fine. But no more than one gross morning breath kiss. And wake me up when you inevitably have to get up in the middle of the night? I don’t want to wake up alone.”
Tony leaned over and kissed him, one hand moving to his hair again. “I’m not sure what I think, exactly. But I know that I’m really lucky to have a soulmate so interested in looking out for my well-being. You’re wonderful. And I love that you’re willing to fight for me like this. But let’s just go eat some pancakes? Maybe we can talk about this more later?”
Tony didn’t respond with more than a sleepy hum, and he watched Steve sleep for a few minutes, stroking his hair and cuddling as close as possible, until he drifted off too. It had been a very long day and get was definitely blowing off all of his meetings tomorrow and Pepper might actually understand for this. It was a whole hell of a lot. Steve was perfect and amazing and probably the best human being in the world and he’d just need time to process that he actually wanted him. He didn’t wake until Steve moved next to him and woke him, and he blinked his eyes open blearily. “Mmngh?”
“Here’s a better question, what’s your favorite cuddle position?”
“It’s the touch and kissing. I have thing for kissing when I cum - that was the only reason I had issue with being entirely alone but it’s okay, if you feel like it, we can build on it. The important thing is that we’ve found a medium ground we both adore,” he smiled kissing Tony’s cheek.
“I’m Tony,” he said before Steve could give up on him and leave. He would almost definitely regret this, but he didn’t think he could stop now. “I really am sorry. If I’d known… I do clean up nice. You look like you really deserved something romantic.”
He followed Tony as he disappeared to wash his face. “People always want what they’ve never had,” he mused aloud, moving towards the mirror, spiking up his hair a little and doing the buttons up on his shirt. One by one his torso disappeared as he fastened his tie. Once he was fresh and feeling presentable walked out into the open space of living room. Today already felt amazing.
“Mmng I don’t see myself lasting long,” he hummed his eyes already closing sleepily. He didn’t hear Tony’s response though, the evening had been emotionally tough and long at points as much as it was amazing.
“I’m bi. But. No one’s ever asked me. If I was… Yes. I’m sex-repulsed. I can do sex. I even like it sometimes, but it has to be all about the other person. I can’t… I’ve never orgasmed and not almost immediately vomited. That answer your question?” Anyone else would’ve ran or tried to talk him into sex to fix him by now. He couldn’t wrap his head around any of this. Which was saying something because his brain was his brain.
Tony spent most of Wednesday missing Steve and gushing about him to JARVIS and Rhodey, but he also desperately needed to get some work done, so Steve wasn’t the only one staying up late that night.  He had some roses delivered to Steve, briefly answered the sketch he was sent with a whole string of exclamation points, and left most of the other messages unanswered.  When he got the one about their date though, he quickly agreed to the details.  He was nervous and excited and he came down when Steve got there wearing jeans, boots, and a sweater under his long coat and cashmere scarf, telescope in one hand.  The car felt very like-Steve somehow, and he found himself oddly endeared by it.  “Hey honey.  I missed you.”
Tony kissed his chest, then got off of him without a fuss. “Any soaps or anything are yours to use. Hurry back?” Then he settled cross-legged onto the bed to wait. He was pretty sure the cuddles he was going to be able to get after this would be amazing and he’d gotten to participate in the fun stuff and ignore all the boring bits, so this was just generally the best sex he’d probably ever had. He figured he was allowed to be pretty satisfied with that. Especially since it made it very clear how much Steve wanted and cared about him.
“Nope, you’re doing good. If it helps, his camera is here.” That was the closest thing the bots had to eyes. Tony let Steve toss the ball and then chatted with JARVIS a bit, using Steve to help him get used to differences in voices and speech patterns. Then, eventually, he moved closer to throw his legs over Steve’s lap and kissed his cheek. “Come cuddle with me upstairs?”
“Whenever you feel them smart like this when you move around tomorrow, I want you to think of how amazing you’ve been for me tonight.  Do you understand? What are you going to be reminded of?” He practically purred down Tony’s ear.
“I like it because you chose it. It’s the first one you used. And you were very forward with it. Which I like about you.” He smiled at him for a long moment, then gave in and rested his forehead on Steve’s shoulder again. “Tell me a story? Something fun that’s happened to you.”
Steve mulled between a cream and burgundy classic chevvy and a Ford 315. Finally deciding on the Ford, he pointed towards it. “This for sure.” He had to think about what Tony was saying to truly process it. “But if we don’t change language how would we ever desexualize the world to a point where someone who wishes to stay desexualized recognizes they have that choice? I don’t mean to be obnoxious… I’m just very big on bi visibility, right? And I’m seeing ace through those eyes, people recognize bi now – it’s in the big four, LGBT. But that’s only because we’ve insisted on establishing and continue to establish ourselves as an identity that needs to be recognized through language. It’s not a phase, I don’t have a preference… it’s not greediness to be sexually attracted to both masculine and feminine… so isn’t separating happiness and sex part of… ace visibility?”
Once he’d finished Tony’s hair he reached out for a washcloth and lathered it in shower gel.  Moving them back to their previous position, he proceeded to run the wash cloth over the delicate contours of Tony’s body, making sure to scrub in all the hard to reach places like his back before tenderly caressing the rest of Tony’s body with the cloth.  He moved them back, using his hands to splash water over the suds decorating Tony’s skin.  It was such an innocent moment, but it was beautiful.  He’d never been trusted to care for someone and it felt precious to have that trust.
“I’m sorry if that upset you. I didn’t intend to do that.” Steve spoke softly, nudging the shell of Tony’s ear. “Maybe we shouldn’t meet my friends today. If you want, we can go to an art and craft store instead and I can start work on that portrait I promised you? Leaves you some time to work from home, too.” He suggested, “I wanna say both of us are a little too raw to entertain company after that,”
He laughed. Maybe this all would actually be easy. He’d disappoint this man eventually. Probably pretty soon, but it was better not to think about that. He hadn’t felt so wanted in… Decades, really. And it was due to a guy he’d probably sprayed with slush, then ran into on the street.  And had then followed him. Could be a stalker. “Yeah, send it and I’ll pick you up, Steve.”
Steve felt the familiar burning sensation in his gut, his arousal leaked through his stomach, pooling at the bottom, and he could feel himself getting hard.  He trusted Tony to red out if he felt unsafe, though.  Moving his lips along the top of the lace, Steve started to mouth at the skin closest to his right hip.  The sucking was gentle, nothing too sharp.  Just enough pressure to make a healthy red welt that would soon bruise over.  Licking a trail with the tip of his tongue across the lace, Steve picked another site to repeat the action.  It was done so deliberately, done with absolute purpose and attention to detail.  He was in his element.  As he rounded of the last love bite, Steve started to massage Tony’s ass again.
Following Tony’s motions, he found the underwear, glad he had something to change into. Slipping them on underneath the towel he undid the towel to dry his hair.
Tony just barely kept himself from doing something ridiculous like offering to build him a studio. That was so far away from what was okay to offer on a first date. Unless he intended to be a sugar daddy? But no, that was something he’d tried once and it was just uncomfortable.
“I don’t do this - stuff.  I’ve never done this stuff.  I’ve never felt this special to anyone before.  Sex is great but you don’t feel special to someone after it unless you’re with them, as in, together.  Not to me, anyway, if you wake up next to them and nothing sets you apart from anyone else they’ve been with then really what does it mean?” Steve sighed.  “Whereas this? I know this is special, why else would you be here? I don’t feel the need to reassure myself you want me, that’s what lets me enjoy this and just be with you.  No doubts, no drama just… this serene feeling of being cherished and cherishing someone back.” He was staring up at the sky, feeling truly elated, almost weightless inside.  “When we’re together, I feel like I could float away, I’m that happy.  I forget everything I worry about.  You’re so special to me and that’s what makes it so romantic.  We have each other.”
"I’m fine with pushy because I can say no if I don’t want to but I won’t take any bullshit like safe words are just for subs,” he prickled, there was still a bitter taste in his mouth. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “Okay, I don’t want cuddles anymore--is that okay with you? I think breakfast is a good idea.”
“Aww. That’s sweet. I think. I’m sure I’ll enjoy the captive audience.” He grinned and pulled one of Steve’s hands up to kiss his palm and then stroke the stopped timer with his thumb. “It’ll be nice for me to have someone to point out all the beauty in it.”
“What dya think you’re doing?” He snapped back almost immediately. Steve was panicked that this person taking up his space and time as the counter ticked backwards would result in him missing his soulmate. Three or four people flurried by, and his eyes searched them desperately, but fell on no one who seemed drawn to him. What if this moment had completely side tracked him? He’d heard of that happening.
“I can try to be smooth but that isn’t who I am. I have deep connections to people and that is often rocky because people are who they really are. That’s always contradictory and complex. But if it’s what you want I can try small talk.”
Steve smirked, “Oooh, French? Now I really love the sound of that.”
He leaned over and turned the sound system on--it was connected to his iPod, but he paused the song.  “At the moment I have some Melanie Martinez but I have a feeling she’d be super triggery for you.  You know her stuff right? If it is, then I’ll try and find something tame but I like a lot of songs that kinda discuss taboo shit.  It’s part of the hipster thing.”
“This is why I hate the community. People use subs to fix their own insecurities.” He swallowed thickly. “It sounds like you might have been heavily coerced, which worries me.” He sighed a little, “I can help Tony but you need to want me to help.”
As six pm approached, he was loading his banged up, aged, hunk of metal car with picnic snacks and a couple of thermoses, one of hot cocoa and the other filled with coffee.  He’d stolen some hats, scarfs and gloves from the hall dresser and stashed them away.  He figured it probably wasn’t a good idea to stay again unless Tony really wanted him to.  As much as he enjoyed spending all his time with Tony he didn’t want to fall behind on his work.
Tony gasped and then swallowed.  He’d never done that--never used ‘master.’ He knew it was something people did, but… It felt so much more intense than 'sir.’ So much more dangerous.  He’d just have to trust a little more, then.  Tony wet his lips, then said it, not much louder than Steve’s whisper.  “Yes, Master.”
“Okay, so. This is super embarrassing, but it was one of the guys that volunteered at the library. He was probably five years or more older than me, but he was so cute and sweet to the kids and I loved going there to get away from my family during summer break and mostly I just started at him a lot.” He wet his lips and shifted a little to rest his head in the crook of Steve’s neck. “Does a normal basement work well for art? How do you get enough ventilation and lighting?” That was a bit of a weird question coming from him since his workshop was underground, but he was rich enough to be able to install fancy ventilation units.
“You’re doin’ real good, baby.  I’m impressed,” he leaned forward to kiss Tony’s temple.
Tony leaned forward a little at the press of Steve’s hands to his back, wanting to feel properly surrounded by it. He smirked back at him, though. “I like that you’re not afraid to call a man beautiful, Rogers.” He hummed when the touches got a bit less exploratory and he settled his own hands against Steve’s waist and let them stay there. “And that’s definitely a good thing, since I think having your arms around me is my new favorite thing.”
Tony was feeling a little territorial too, and he put himself between Steve and Pepper to block her sight of his frankly gorgeous abs. Then he pulled Steve’s arms around him. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony willingly, pulling them close together. He hadn’t realized Tony’s possessiveness but he was catering to it anyway.
“Okay, now let’s go,” Steve eagerly tugged Tony towards the door. “Formalities can be forgotten now,”
“Obviously, I did, but it’s been a while. Tom ended our thing almost two years ago when he got a girlfriend and I can’t very well ask for hugs from interns. Rhodey’ll cuddle me, but he’s been on a lot of long-term assignments recently.” Tony wrapped a hand around the back of Steve’s neck for some skin contact and smiled. “And yes. I think I definitely am with my soulmate and there are very few situations in which I’ll turn down all night cuddling. Here, I’ll show you the bedrooms.” He pulled away just enough to take his hands and pull him along, then briefly showed him the sitting room, study, and guest bedrooms and bathrooms on the way to his own. “What do you think?” The bedroom was painted a pale grey with blue, black and white, and glass and metal furniture and decorations. One wall was all glass windows and the door to the closet wasn’t so much a door as a frosted glass privacy wall in front of it. The bedframe wasn’t designed for bondage, but he was sure Steve would be able to see just how well it would work for it anyways.
“Aston Martin. One-77. She’s definitely a beauty.” He gave Steve a shaky smile, then asked, “Do you want to stop and grab something to eat on the way?” He’d had JARVIS cancel their dinner reservation already. He didn’t let himself ask if Steve was really sure or if he knew what he was getting into, because he figured he was allowed to be selfish for one night. And even if things didn’t work out at all, one evening of Steve looking at him like he was amazing and trusting him and calling him baby… He wanted that.
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered, lips grazing over the skin of Tony’s neck. “Your body feels so amazing, soft and firm in equal parts, skin such a gorgeous color. You’re literally a tactile day dream.” He was losing himself in Tony. The scent of his skin and the feel of his body. Steve’s hands lost themselves in the soft locks of Tony’s hair as he sat up pressing their torso’s together.
“I didn’t mind her.” Until she started talking about Steve’s personal medical business, but he would wait to talk to Steve about that.  “I was fine.  I am fine.  I would like to know, though, if you had a problem with that.  I get that you were upset, so I don’t just want to take it as a rule from one comment, but if you don’t want me letting other people touch me like that, I can do that for you.  Happily.” There were exceptions to that in the form of Rhodey, Pepper, and Sharon, when she reappeared from wherever she ran off to, but for anyone else, he really didn’t mind.
“I think I can live with you making me feel special,” he replied with a laugh. “Just as long as you don’t forget who I am again.” Tony probably wasn’t going to ever let that go, though he did say it with a smile that time. “I’m not really big on surprises though, so maybe give me some idea of what you’re thinking beforehand?” It was a relief that Steve was willing to plan a date for them. That he really still wanted him. And even if it was a little stressful to think of seeing him again so soon, it was also stressful to think of ever not seeing him, now than he had, so it was probably a very good thing to plan something soon so he didn’t stall for too long.
“That sounds really nice,” Tony agreed.  He just held lightly onto Steve’s arm for the rest of the trip to his place, then leaned into him on the way up to the penthouse.  “Shower first?” He wanted to feel Steve’s skin against his as soon as possible, really.
Tony transferred them quickly, then deleted the originals, setting the phone down on the table, then happily sitting in the chair Steve held out. “Mm… Ön csodálatos.”
“Very exclusive huh?” Steve teased, “what gives it the qualifier exclusive?” He asked linking arms with Tony as they walked to the elevator.
Steve moved his hands away from Tony’s waist, he moved them up to cup Tony’s jaw to give him one last kiss. “Perfect. I’m really glad to see you use the traffic light system. It shows me that you can which is important for me when it comes to trusting that you understand your own limitations,” Steve raised his hands to rest them behind his head, allowing Tony any space he might need. He was pleased Tony had enjoyed himself.
“I’m thinking something ridiculously terrible and cult. What about Back to the Future?” he asked. “You gotta like old sci-fi right?” He smiled, as the elevator deposited them on the main floor.
“Ungh. Tell her. Unck. Tell her to wait. Steve? Hey.” His face quickly melted into a pleased smile when he saw that his soulmate was still there.
The Hungarian wasn’t as smooth as the Italian, but he was a little more comfortable speaking it.
Steve was so naturally amazing. Sweet and kind and supportive and perfect. Tony couldn’t believe he’d gotten so lucky. Even with the touch thing, he was probably going to get more cuddling out of this than any other relationship. “Okay. I think I can live with that.” He smiled and sat up a little, but didn’t pull away. “But lunch separate? I think we probably need at least a few hours today to think.”
“If she worries about you then I like her,” Steve declared, barely thinking about it. “Now I know exactly who to team up with to look after you mwahahaha,” Steve teased using his fingers to tickle at Tony’s sensitive skin, remembering how he’d wriggled and squirmed at the tickling last night.
“That sounds like a lovely way to relax,” Steve agreed, similarly buckling in and starting the car.  Reversing, he hummed.  “Having a shower usually helps calm my heart rate and I’m guessing you meant showering with me? That sounds really sweet.  Just washing one another.  Taking care of each other.” He nodded.  “You’re full of bright ideas--I can see why you have three doctorate degrees.” He smiled, smoothing over their rocky experience as he headed out onto the road.
“What are you talking about? You’re literally just standing in the street looking like an idiot.” A breathtakingly handsome idiot, but that was beside the point. “Oh.” The guy was dressed up. Waiting. “Look, it doesn’t work that way. Everyone knows that. You can’t just miss the meeting. You have to touch or talk to the person for it to count. And I’m the only one… that you just touched.” He frowned thoughtfully. “Sorry. Look, I didn’t mean to hit you, just, stay away from the edge of the street. God… I’ve got to be somewhere.”
Tony shook his head, but didn’t let the uncomfortable subject of Bucky’s preferences get to him too much.  “You know, your ex liking it short just makes me want it long even more, but I dunno, we can think about it.  You ever had a beard? I think that would be nice too.” His hair was already long enough to play with anyways, which was what was really important.
Tony batted his hands away with a laugh, then stole a kiss.  “I earned my doctorates fair and square, honey.  And even if everyone in the whole damn world seems to refuse to acknowledge it, I damn well deserve to be called Dr.” That might be a bit of a sore spot.  “So I do appreciate you calling me that, even jokingly.” He managed to find two planets and an asteroid for Steve, explaining the layers of the planets and their gravity and weather patterns, then telling him all about asteroids, meteoroids, comets, and the differences between them.
“Maybe,” Steve replied. “Moment’s gotta be right. Maybe wait for something cheesy to happen.” He gave Tony a wink. “I mean if you look up the definition of cheese, there’s just my face. Just don’t try to grate me onto any dishes you know,” he joked dorkily, placing Tony down on the sofa.
Please leave a comment to let us know what you thought. Feedback of any kind of fuel for creators! Also, this is a wip, so feel free to give us suggestions or ideas for what you'd like to see happen. And remember, you can also reach out to us on tumblr (aceofstarks or steve-captainsnark).
Tony wasn’t going to talk about the kiss. It was enough that Steve kissed back and didn’t push and was practically perfect, ugh. He put the pizza behind them and his drink in the holder and then they were off again. He couldn’t really believe that Steve liked talking during movies. Nobody ever really liked that. He wasn’t even sure he liked that, though he was the worst offender ever, according to everyone he’d ever watched something with. But it was unbelievably, overwhelmingly sweet that Steve was thinking about movie nights with him. “Do you have family? Parents, siblings, cousins?”
“You gave me plenty of reason to trust you,” he explained, though he was blushing a little now. From the light praise and the way Steve just picked him up and moved him again. “You just showed me exactly how much you really, genuinely want me. Then you gave me casual direction to make things better for you and safer for me, looking out for both of our interests and trusting me to safeword or stop if I needed to. You let me give you something you wanted. You showed me that I can trust you to respect my boundaries. You showed that you can be kind and considerate and reasonable even when aroused. You let me have all the fun of teasing you, then left for the less fun, messy part and came back to me. And that was just. It was the best sex I’ve ever had and I’m very very grateful that you let that happen so soon. I can totally do stuff like that. I’m happy to, really.” He stroked Steve’s hair and scratched lightly at his scalp.
Steve wrapped Tony up, tightly.  He grabbed another towel to dry Tony’s hair with, before gently booping his nose with a towel covered finger to remove a droplet from the shake-out.
Steve laughed, “Nah, Tony, now is not the time to admire your ass.  Right now, I’m enjoying holding you.  Maybe later, you can show me your ass.  I need another shower now anyway.” He pulled Tony closer to him as he teased.  “Besides, I was being serious when I said your ass looks great no matter what you’re wearing.” He nuzzled the side of Tony’s face, “I mean, I love sex and all things sexual, but not when my heart feels like it’s about to burst because I’m having one of the most romantic moments of my life.  Even you just talking about your ass this way is adorable and so you--I can’t.”
At that moment a petite red head appeared by Bucky’s side.  She was wearing shorts and a crop top, her six pack visible through shadows even in the low light.  She smiled brightly.
By the time Steve texted him, Tony was more than ready to see Steve again and he hurried upstairs.
“If you insist baby, I can comprise with a pizza,” Steve smiled, rolling his eyes. “You probably - really should have like a virtual NDA file or something to sign because like, people are freaks seriously. I mean, now I’m starting to realize how terrifying it can be in the limelight from one like - what? Mild experience I’m starting to panic about you. I’m not even you and freaking out about you. Don’t get me wrong I know you could kick some serious ass if you were in danger but the thought of someone deliberately trying to malicious to make you look bad makes me feel real gross inside. Like angry?” He hummed, “Dunno, maybe I’m already getting a little hung up on you. Reckon that’s a good idea or a bad one? I’m intense… that’s what Bucky calls me at least. You ok with intensity?”
“Tell me what your favorite piece of lingerie clothing is?” He asked, prying for more information to use when he excused himself to go and jack off in the shower. That was just going to have to happen at this point.
I'll try to have another chapter up in the next couple weeks. Thanks for reading! <3
Steve laughed, “Oh no you don’t. I’m not letting you get away with running out on me,” he knew exactly what Tony was doing even when Tony may not have been that aware of it. “If you’re uncomfortable with a topic all you have to do is tell me,” he made eye contact before a smile fluttered on his lips. His eyes moved to the screen, calculating what part of the movie was running. Sitting up he stretched his arms out across the back of the sofa, giving Tony a little space if he needed it.
“I’m free later for you,” Steve stated confidently, “I don’t have any allergies but I am gluten free, real sweet of you to check in with me, baby,” he emphasized the pet name, chuckling a little.
Steve quirked his eyebrow but when he felt Tony’s arm wrap around him he cooed, “Aweerh hey you,” he greeted, turning around in Tony’s arms to cuddle him back. “I’m giving you fair warning this is for greater comfort rather than sex,” he hoisted Tony up onto his office desk so that Steve could hug Tony tight to his chest.
“The idea you don’t want to orgasm and have been forced to orgasm worries me,” Steve spoke honestly. “Being uncomfortable because you know you have to orgasm sounds so rapey, I’d never want you to be in that position especially if you enjoy arousal and hate the end result.” He explained, “I don’t really have many more questions,” he smiled a little, before chuckling.
“‘Kay.” Tony smiled and nuzzled Steve a little, very content to stay on top of him and cuddle for the rest of the night.  “You’re really coming to my meeting? Obie’s gonna be so mad.” He was still smiling, thrilled at the idea of bothering people like that.
“Mm. Mmkay.” Tony reached out to squeeze his hand, then rolled over and pulled the covers over his head, letting Steve go. He woke up enough when he came back to scoot back into his arms, then he was out again until morning, when JARVIS woke them.
Tony followed, after a second, and laid down on his stomach on Steve, pressing his cheek to his chest and then snaking arms around his waist. “This. I like this one.” He was shaking a little, but only because no one had ever tried like this. No one had ever put in the effort to even act as through they cared. Not like this. He wouldn’t even mind if he was murdered by Steve tonight.
“Meat isn’t like the only way to get buff. I used protein shakes after the gym. Easy to get buff as a vegetarian--harder to get buff as a vegan. But still doable. It’s all about smart eating so you make the most of your workouts.” Steve answered Tony’s question quite easily.
He rubbed his own scarred wrist, pulling his sweater sleeve down to cover it, then stepped away, though he couldn’t help but be curious. He was too damaged to offer himself up for anyone. Everyone knew a broken timer meant a broken match. He didn’t deserve anyone. And clearly, this guy didn’t want him anyways. So that worked out.
“You have a lovely home,” he responded, a small smile against his lips. “Your bed looks like I’m going to sink into it,” he commented, moving back round the mattress to wrap his arms around Tony. “That’s if you can detach me from you long enough to get me in it,”
“I mean, I’m a terrible human. I probably would yell for Bucky there as well, but like. People suck and just because I’m your soulmate doesn’t me I can’t suck a bit too. I know now not to do that to a celebrity again, because it’s all sorts of dehumanizing, so you’ve made me a better person. That’s how this soulmate stuff is supposed to work, right?” Steve asked honestly.
“I’m really glad that it was satisfying for you,” he grinned, kissing Tony’s cheek. “It was… really hot. And you look amazing and you sounded amazing. Just everything about that experience was as sensual as sex so I don’t really feel like it’s that different. I missed having the feel of your skin when I came but maybe that’s something we can work on. When you’re ready to be around for the messy bits,” Steve reasoned nuzzling Tony.
.  If anything, Tony shown him that Tony knew what was best for him and that was so very special.  And so very rare.
“You look very beautiful wearing my marks Tony.  It pleases me,” he informed, taking up the more formal language of D/s dynamics.  He knew they’d somehow slipped into a scene, but he’d worded before and Tony instantly listened to him.  He trusted that if he needed to word himself, Tony would let him without judgment.  That was enough to help ease him into this style of interaction.
“You don’t have to orgasm. Like, you know orgasm denial is totally a thing, right? Just keep a cock ring on until you wanna stop and have a cold shower?” He quirked his eyebrow. “Like there are toys specifically designed to stop orgasms…?” He asked, “I mean it’s a big thing I’m into so hence why I wanted to know.” There was the small tilt of a smirk framing his lips for a moment.
“There’s abusive and there’s domestic violence, you know. The latter is a lot darker. Abusive could mean power struggles and regular screaming matches. Rape, Tony? That’s definitely domestic violence, sweetheart.” Steve tried his hardest to sympathize.
“Your best friend Bucky? Tell me about him?”
“Much smaller? Like how small are we talking? ‘Cause when he was sixteen he quoted Pulp Fiction when he orgasmed during our first time having sex.”
you won’t leave me. I need to trust you’re going to be able to read my signs too. If I say no, it’s a no,” he affirmed. “I would like to end this conversation here. This firm since it’s clear you are straining over sharing this so soon. I appreciate you’re trying to make communication clear but I am not ready to discuss my experiences the way you are. It may take me a very long time to do so.” He warned, trying to be as clear as possible. “I would rather choose when to open up to you, rather than be forced into doing so, I recognize that may not be the best for you so if a simple explanation of what I don’t like is enough can we leave it at that?”
“That’s the most nonsensical expression ever, but yeah, you can go to sleep.” Tony got off of him so he could lay down, then took off his robe and the stockings and belt, leaving him in just the panties when he scooted under the covers and up against his soulmate. “New Year’s, I think. We can go public in January. Might get out before then, but we’ll make an official statement then.”
“Can’t believe you haven’t stargazed before, how could anyone pass up the opportunity to have as a cosmological guide, I bet I’ll find science extremely interesting if you’re the one talking about it,” he smirked, “it’s a shame my high school science teachers weren’t as pretty as you I’d have definitely paid more attention,” he joked gently ribbing Tony.
Video-Steve was saying, chasing the bot around as it beeped and wheeled away, obviously thinking they were playing a very serious game.
He’d dodged his driver too, grumpily opting for a taxi. He got out of the car and immediately bumped into some unfairly enormous guy, nearly falling over. “Dude, what the hell? Watch where you’re walking!”
Steve snorted, “brutal,” he commented with a laugh. Well at least he knew not to do that unless he wanted to be spurned. Steve started purposefully tickling Tony. “I have lots to say in response, but I refuse to speak until you apologize for that brutal rejection of my declaration of affection.” He teased, “I mean it! I might be your soulmate but you’re not getting away with that!”
“Sure. Besides I’m not so big on morning affection because I’m not a morning person so you don’t need to worry about kisses.” He informed Tony, poking the tip of his nose gently, arms encircling him as Steve settled into the pillows.
Steve snorted. “You like that pet name huh? How come?” He asked playfully, moving so that he could wrap his arms around Tony and pull him closer. “I just figured if I used it too often you would grow to hate it.”
Tony happily gave him the kiss, cupping his jaw and stroking his hair as he did. “How about you ask your questions while we go on our tour?” Steve being so willing to adapt to him was confusing, but amazing. Kisses and cuddles and questions rather than the sex he probably wanted. He got up and pulled Steve with him and then showed him the kitchen and the dining room first, since there were plenty of surfaces to cuddle against there.
When Tony looked up at Steve, Steve knew exactly what he was looking for.  “That feels really good, Tony,” he spoke softly praising him.  He pulled Tony little closer so their noses touched and they could make eye contact.  “You have the magic touch--I can see now why you’re an engineer who can create sentience.” he smiled at Tony encouragingly.
Steve laughed. “Sure baby, I’m easy. Whatever you wanna do. Shall I text you my address so you’re not any later than you need to be?” Steve asked, a smirk playing on his lips. He felt elated, he must have made a good impression for Tony to call back so soon. Since Steve’s clothes weren’t ideal for a meal, he figured he would need to change - again. Refresh, definitely.
He imagined having a fight with Steve and having to go commando because Steve had bought all his underwear and he only barely managed to change his snort to a flirty laugh. “Te tökéletes vagy. Szép.”
“Stevie? That you?” The sound of the television was lowered and the door from the living room was opened.  A tall and broad man equipped with the promised man bun appeared in a red henley and grey jogging bottoms.
“Beautiful!” He exclaimed looking around the room, he immediately moved to the glass wall overlooking the cityscape. “The view is breathtaking,” he commented stepping the length of the wall.
Alright y'all, I didn't mean to leave this work for so long, but school got crazy. We have been working on it though, so really, it's just editing we got behind on, and I've graduated now, so I have some actual free time this summer! I got impatient about posting this chapter, so I only ran through and edited once, so if you'd like to point out spelling mistakes or anything, feel free.
“Steve. Honey. You’re a working artist. I can’t not pay you for your work. But… The fact that you’d do that? I’m definitely going to take you up on that. All of the above. And I honestly don’t care that you used to love Bucky and Nat. You’re mine now and that’s what matters, right?” He was definitely going to do his best to stick to that idea, too, no matter how jealous he got. “Breakfast first? I can take you out? Wherever you want to go.”
As soon as the car door opened, JARVIS announced his presence. Tony had just started getting him hooked up to the speakers through the workshop and garage and letting him be active for more extended periods of time. ‘Welcome home, Sir.’ His inflections weren’t perfect, but it was still very impressive for a computer-generated voice.
Steve laughed nervously.  “Woah, you’re such a loveable little mess, Tony Stark.” He leaned over to give Tony a kiss.  “Back seat drive all you want, okay? Whatever makes you feel most comfortable.  I’m really fuckin’ proud of you sitting in that seat and being somewhat sober.  Like as sober as you can be.” He grinned, kissing Tony’s nose.  “You’re doing great.  I promise to be super careful driving.” He tried his hardest to relax Tony the best he could.
“Gluten free is medical, naturally.” He smiled, “recently got the chance to get a diagnosis. Vegetarian is because I’m not a huge fan of meat for protein, I use other substitutes that are healthier. It took a long time to get control over my body so now I take good care of it. Not a health freak or anything, it’s just nice to be on top of my health for once. What about you? Do you have a favorite cuisine?”
“I’m sure you can find a way to make it interesting for me.” Tony kissed Steve’s temple, then cupped his cheek and stroked it with his thumb. “Annyira elég vagy, hogy szinte mindennel beszéljen.”
Steve snorted, “it’s fine, it just seems like it affects you, so I was asking more about how you felt. It’s like when I told you about my father you could have asked if I’d been to talk to someone about.” He shrugged, “I’m sorry to hear it’s still of a sore spot for you, I hope you can one day let go of the resentment,” he added, “my life would be easier if I could let go of mine,”
“You’re such a dork.  Yes, I have to go to work.  But I won’t need to leave you until ten.  I can get from your place to mine and then to the office just fine in an hour.  But I’m
Tony squeezed back with a smile and a nod and pressed a kiss to Steve’s shoulder before carefully tugging Steve’s shirt off and pressing his hands to his stomach.  He smoothed them up and around, just feeling Steve’s skin under his fingers and palms, then pressed a kiss to the dip of his collarbone before looking up and making eye contact again.  He was enjoying himself, but mostly, this was about showing Steve how amazing and wanted he was, so he wanted to make sure he wasn’t doing anything wrong.
Steve’s eyebrows raised, and he moved down to kiss above the hem of his underwear.  His lips touched the soft skin of Tony’s stomach, his hot breath ghosting over where his lips had brushed.  He let Tony move his hands to rest on his bare ass cheeks.  Steve squeezed and massaged the globes of Tony’s ass.
“Love songs,” she answered, easily.  “It makes me happy to hear him happy again.  He’s been on those pills a while.  Maybe you’re the strength and stability he needs to come off them,” she offered brashly, clearly unafraid of being so open.
Despite Tony’s plea he took his time in the shower. This was his part of the experience, the part that entirely benefitted him and he would need to indulge himself to survive. He prolonged the fantasies in his head - all fictional for the aid of his enjoyment. He’s never been so invested in masturbating and it had never felt so rewarding. Once he was finished and cleaned, however, he hopped out of the shower and walked out into the bedroom. His skin was flushed bright red, his eyes bright and an easy smile rested on his features and it wasn’t just because of the hot water.
“I’m sorry. You can talk to me. About your dad. If you ever need to. Or anything.” He should’ve asked but… He rarely actually knew what he was supposed to do in personal, intimate interactions. “Do you want a snack? I can go find what’s left of the pizza. Or some ice cream or popcorn or… I dunno, salad? Anything you want.”
Steve sighed, “if I am not in control of a situation I like to just get some time to re-anchor myself. Please don’t make me feel like I just rejected you--I didn’t,” Steve stated calmly. This was what Tony had asked for, right?
“Would you like to know what exactly it is I have planned? I don’t like the thought of you sitting there uncomfortable, freaking out that I’m kidnapping you or something, the whole ride.” Steve knew, just from the sparkle in Tony’s eyes and the vigilance in his posture, that something was wrong.  He didn’t know the reason for it though.
“Woah! What the hell are you doing here?” He looked utterly stunned. “Bucky!? Bucky!? Are you expecting that clean energy CEO over? Oh god what’s the name. Stark! Are you expecting a Stark!?” He’d completely disappeared into the house.
Steve hadn’t realized that his shock might have caused Tony to panic about Steve pulling away and abandoning him.
“Nah forget it, I’m more interested in getting to know you anyway,” Steve replied flippantly smiling at Tony with a smile that could light stars. “So, I figured we could play like twenty questions or something--you know, ask each other absolutely anything. I can - I don’t know sign an NDA or something if you’re still worried I’m some loco insane person who’s tryna trip you up.” He paused. “God I must have came off so strongly earlier. You must have been terrified I was gonna hurt you or something. I’m really sorry about that - I didn’t mean to come across threatening,” he apologized again before adding - “good story for a celebrity couples game show, though. If we’re looking for a silver lining. ‘How did you meet your partner, Mr. Stark?’ 'Well, actually, Jimmy I practically jumped him on the street for making me miss my soulmate… and it turns out he was that soulmate. Hilarious,” Steve tried his hardest to lighten the mood by making an ass out of himself.
“Elementary school,” Tony interrupted, not quite sure how to deal with the unfamiliar dynamic of this group.  “That’s how small I was thinking.  Steve?” He tilted his head back to meet his eyes seriously.  “I think that’s adorable.  I heard way worse things at MIT, I promise.  So much worse.  But I was looking for something more along the lines of called the teacher mom eight times or lost a library book and made up an increasingly unbelievable lie to cover it until it eventually got to the point where if the lie was true, the universe would explode.  Y'know.  Something more appropriate for talking to his soulmate.” Sure, he kind of liked these guys, but that was mean, and he honestly didn’t care if they hated him so long as Steve liked him and knew that he liked him too.  He sipped at his beer, then rested his head on Steve’s shoulder possessively.
He took another bite and grinned at Tony’s compliment. “Thanks, I really tried this evening. You deserved being treated like this considering the last two days have been quite emotional for us,” he spoke between bites.
“Skin’s so soft,” Steve murmured. He could feel himself twitch, hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck he ran his hands down over the softness of Tony’s stomach. The chiffon danced over the back of his hands. Being able to hold Tony so intimately had him moaning against Tony’s skin.
“I dunno if you reversed it, but the horrible memory is fading. Everything since then has been pretty nice. Are you planning on keeping me too?” He craned his neck a little to look back at him hopefully.
“I kinda, really love both kittens and dogs so quite frankly, I think I’ll love making friends with him. Promise to keep the questions light and kid friendly. To me he already feels like he’s your child so he’ll get the same respect an actual child would you know? People can be… cruel to bots I guess, since they don’t see them as humanized at all? I feel like that might be one the many reasons why shouldn’t let the world know about your babies.”
Steve smiled over at Tony, his cute little half smile and bright eyes were all Steve needed to persuade him to drop the subject. “Sure.” He agreed effortlessly, dropping another chaste but warm kiss on Tony’s lips before exiting the car. He figured Tony wouldn’t be here unless it was Tony Stark friendly, so he relaxed a little, but still protectively guarded Tony as they walked in. He knew people could get grabby and obsessive - he’d seen it in the news. He also knew Tony was sensitive to being treated like a sideshow freak. Once they were inside and seated, Steve reached out to take Tony’s hands.
“Tony?”
“Yes.”
The pizza was delivered to their booth, and Tony picked it and his drink up, then took Steve’s hand. “Give my thanks to Mario, Amelia. C’mon, let’s go watch the sunset.”
And there it was. Tony resisted the hug at first, but then he fell into it and hugged Steve back as his tears started to wet his cheeks. His eyeliner was probably ruined now. He did snort a little at the horrible pun, and then swallowed. “You called me baby,” he said quietly. “And this was the right time and how could you not recognize me?” He likely sounded almost as broken as he felt now.
“Yes, Steve,” he answered.  He knew he looked damn good in lace.  “And I love wearing it for you.” And damn if he didn’t love Steve’s fingers playing over it too.
Steve nodded, understanding that Tony would probably be the type of sub to fall into the wrong hands. You could literally feel the trust issues ripple from him. A lot of bad people could probably sense that. Steve also figured it was a sensitive subject. The dismissive ‘hey stuff happens’ seemed quite defensive. “That’s fair enough, it sounds like BDSM is a tool for you to work through some trauma. That’s pretty much how I use it too,” he added, “you do need to be careful with it though. It might not get you exactly what you need if there’s a lack of reciprocal and intimate trust, but that’s just my experience. There can be relapses if the dom leaves, maybe even dom burnout. Which is traumatic for everyone involved. If you know it well enough, and know what you’re using it for, things get easier to figure out your own needs.” He stated airily. “Mom was sick a lot, because I was sick a lot as a kid. There’s a lot of guilt, when that happens. A lot of responsibility. A very definite lack of control.” He hummed, getting lost in the scenery for a second as he contemplated a few moments that sprang to his mind.
“I have a serious language kink - so as much as part of me is chomping at the bit to witness that, it’s probably better left to my imagination for a while. I’ve managed to not get ridiculously hard for you so far - I’m determined to at least leave that for the second date,” he joked.
“Steve, sweetheart. I don’t always know all my limits ahead of time. Sometimes I overestimate what I can handle. But you can trust me to use my safeword, I promise. We don’t have to not do anything because I’ve been hurt in the past. I want to do things with you.” He thanked the waitress for their food, then got up and slid into the other side of the booth to wrap an arm around Steve’s waist. "I told you I’d been in a long-term abusive relationship. Did you just not picture what that could mean before now? I didn’t mean to drop new and unexpected information there.”
As they settled at a booth opposite each other Steve smiled over at Tony. “Baby of course I trust you, you haven’t given me a reason not to, he reached out to take Tony’s hand across the top of the table. They were fairly alone but there were two phones being raised to snap pictures - not that Steve minded.
That was so unbelievably sweet, he had to cough to cover up the weird, desperate sound he made in the back of his throat. “He’s growing really fast, yeah. We just have to see where that stops. Right now, it’s like making friends with a kitten. Like. A really helpful, polite kitten. I was gonna say dog because learning and training, but he’s actually nothing like a dog. Do you want to go right now?”
Tony laughed at the videos and pictures, then got all choked up when he realized Steve already knew him well enough to know how much he’d like them. “I… I’d actually, uh, like to save them. If that’s okay with you. I can just transfer the files. That way they’re on a secure server instead of your phone. And I’m really really looking forward to this portrait. It’s going to be amazing and you’re really really wonderful for doing it.”
“Well I was hoping for a kiss,” Steve smirked, nuzzling Tony back before turning to look towards the door. “I mean I would take this opportunity usually to tell you about how attractive I find you but somehow I don’t feel that would as exciting for you as it would for me,” he joked nudging their noses together. “So I figured you might want more intellectual entertainment. Which would mean more questions - or a tour of the house. Just an excuse to tackle you into cuddles on every surface available.”
“Oh my god I love it when people do that!” Steve practically squealed, “you always get the best conversations from something during the actual program. I’m gonna love having movie nights with you,” Steve just casually let that slip without realizing. “I tend to commentate too. People get really annoyed because they prefer quiet but I’m… a talker. At least during movies.” He smiled over at Tony reassuringly.
“My ma never made me speak it in full. Truth is the English banned the language in our country so even we couldn’t speak it. Not for centuries. It almost died out. Ma knew phrases.
“I just… I’m very passionate. I see sex as the closest or furthest away from someone you can be and I hate the latter. I prefer the former. I like getting to fully know my partner. I think sex reveals a lot about a person without them having to worry about finding words to explain themselves,” Steve clicked his tongue, “I say a lot about myself without having to discuss it. I talk with body language far better than I do with words. Usually. So all day in bed once the interest is mutual? Absolutely.” He laughed, blushing a little.
“I…” Tony stared down at the number thoughtfully. He knew how kids were and he was going to be teased endlessly for that. The idea almost made him smile.
“You have an adorable accent,” Tony countered, remembering the bits of Brooklyn and Ireland he’d heard in his voice earlier.
“I do a lot of concept art. So I invent worlds, dystopia, steampunk, diesel punk, apocalypse scenery, I adore the Fall Out game series, so I have a lot of fanart for that,” he smiled before adding, “I’m into the gothic body horror of science fiction, ideas about fusing the self with technology is mainly what my work has focused on. I’m fascinated basically by the ethical applications of the type of technology we’re creating to service us. The relationship between that tech and ourselves. I also do some quite regular still life and portraiture. Quite a bit,” he smiled. “Wanna see any?”
“I love how considerate you are.” Steve moved up to kiss along Tony’s jaw.  “I really appreciate this nice surprise, Tony.” He rubbed the tip of his nose behind Tony’s ear, kissing the soft skin there as he ran his fingertips over the welts he’d just made.
“I didn’t even consider treating you any differently, sweetheart.” He continued, “I don’t think you don’t understand yourself at all because your limits were pushed. And I’m 100% okay with you never sceneing with me, let alone taking time and I would have been before I knew this too, promise. I’m shocked. That’s all. And mad that it happened to you. You’re mine, baby, I don’t like the idea of anyone treating you that way,” he cuddled Tony close, his arms protectively embracing any amount of Tony’s body they could grab.
Tony’s face immediately fell. Was the whole romantic soulmate stuff earlier some kind of joke? That didn’t make any sense, but he could see some asshole being very amused by footage of this. Him getting all invested and then being completely blown off.
“Every part of me is personal, sugar pie,” he murmured in response. The touches against his ribs were just as intimate as ones against his thighs would be and he just needed to keep them a little limited for now.
He leaned into Steve’s hand when he touched his jaw, then took a sharp breath at the touch to his stomach before it was cut off by the kiss. His abs weren’t particularly defined, since he hated the gym and all his muscles were from working, but he knew that he still looked good, even if it was a different kind of good from Steve. He leaned into the kiss too, and when it broke, asked, “Can I touch you too?”
“I’m so excited to have you over tonight,” Steve gushed as he took Tony’s hand.
“See, if we cuddle this way, then it’s just like your favorite cuddle position and easier for us both to enjoy,” he suggested, looking down at Tony with a grin on his face. His smile slowly faltered, “do you need some TLC first? That was quite a deep getting to know each other session? Are you sure you don’t wanna cuddle and watch the original trilogy or something?” Steve asked, “you’ve already wooed me, you don’t have to keep impressing me. I already think you’re really rad.” Steve joked, moving forward to nose boop Tony with his own nose.
She closed her eyes for a second, clearly used to Tony. “Do you need fresh clothes, Steve? There’s nothing around here that’s likely to fit you, but I can go find you something or have your things cleaned.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have three doctorate degrees, honey buns.  I think I’m plenty nerdy for you.  He rested his hands and chin on Steve’s shoulder and told him about how Sirius was really two stars, then went into details about how binary stars worked and how that set in particular functioned and about the system around them.
Steve: I miss you too.
As Tony steals a glance, he smiles contently.
"Yeah well darling we'll need more than just a bed," Tony growls suggestively as he nips on Steve's earlobe. "I want it to be good for you."
"I'm sorry. I truly am. If you don't feel the same way, we don't have to ever do this again. If you need me to give you space-"
“You alright since I’ve been away? How’s the sleep?”
"Hey, Tony," Steve replies, his lips pursed and curling at the sides.
The metal doors slowly slides open.
The brunette backs away slowly, creating a void between them. Tony had his eyes averted from Steve's. He rubs his mouth, licking his lips, looking like he was trying to get rid of the taste. He shakes his head again, and with each movement Steve's heart shatters little by little.
A sea of letters and stationery surrounded the captain, and Tony was careful not to step on any of the envelops and letters that came in various colors and sizes. He tip-toes and drops himself heavily on the couch. Steve passes him the letter in his hand.
Steve chewed his lip to remain calm. "You invited me up here, Tony."
Not that Tony found none of these appetising, but what he discovered by taking his time to peel the layers that made up said image was far more remarkable. Admittedly, he lusted for the man shown in the image, but Tony fell in love with the soft, gentle person beneath all that.
They smile, knowing without having to say more, what they feel for each other. But the genius had his concerns. "But Steve," he continues like a warning, as he clears his throat. "Have you thought this through? It's not the same for me to show up with you for this gig than it is for you to come along with me for one of my many shindigs. Different rules apply."
He inhales deeply and blows out a heavy breath, hoping to flush out the butterflies in his flat stomach.
"Heya, Cap," Clint greets as he hops over the counter and takes a seat on the marble top, dangling his legs. "Rough night?"
Just does it for Tony every damn time. He wouldn't dare call this - whatever it was that they do all the time - flirting, but the other man sure didn't seem to have any complaints or showing signs of discomfort.
"Captain Rogers."
Steve: That's a sad face emoji. You're feeling sappy. What does it mean?
"It's entirely conditional. You get the car
"Good luck, Captain. I wish you all the success."
"I like you Steve," Tony interrupts, getting back to why he was in Steve's apartment in the first place. "I am
Their already rocky relationship became confusing when Tony kept showing up on the countless nights he'd screamed himself awake from re-occuring nightmares. Sometimes he'd frog march Tony out of his quarters and insist that Tony leave.  When he was really anxious he would yell at the man to just to shut up, to mind his own goddamn business. Steve was cruel, his words were harsh.
"You didn't get that reference. That's fine," Clint says, smiling. "But I don't get it. What was the problem? He seemed into it and then it's like he just switched off?"
Steve draws back to look into Tony's beautiful chestnut eyes. Steve presses his lips together and licks his lower lip. "After that, I was thinking maybe I'll buy you coffee and we can take a slow walk back to the Tower. Maybe I'll walk you right back to your door. Maybe I'd wanna come in if you asked."
It was definitely good to be home again.
In that moment, Steve thought of Bucky.
After the hellicarrier incident, Tony actually thought they'd bury the hatchet when they kicked ass against the Chitauri, and ended it all with a solid handshake at Central Park. Yet the Steve Rogers who arrived at the Tower almost two years later was cold and standoff-ish. Tony could have easily been misled to think that Steve hadn't really gotten over their tiff in New York.
Steve bit his lip to contain his growing smile, but truthfully to keep his mouth from watering. Almost like the universe was really backing him on this, the song goes on to assure him.
“Gee I don’t know. I haven’t watched that many,” Steve lies, already starting to think what he'd write back to Jacob.
Steve laughs. At that exact moment, he feels his phone vibrate. Fishing the device out, he sees that JARVIS has sent him the link to the song Tony must be rocking out to.
But this was Tony's suite. If he felt like he needed to bolt from his own private quarters to get away from Steve, clearly something was deadly wrong. The words 'lines crossed', 'ruined friendship' and 'assault' quickly found its way into Steve's head and made itself at home.
"TO HAVE DINNER. I wanted to say I was sorry!"
"Cap, wait."
am. That I'm into perfumes and baking and all types of things that ...... women do. I'm not exactly what you expected when you first met me. I'm not (Steve curls his fingers in inverted commas, something he learned from Clint obviously) -"
The kiss broke off suddenly.
"Come on, I'll give you a sneak peak," Steve suddenly says, eyes averted, nudging backwards.
Yet Steve barely broke a smile.
Steve blinks.
"Nah, it's fine. You know, I might never wash this," Steve says, blurting out this thoughts and instantly regretting it. "Uh, so uhm. I'll see you later tonight?"
“Well Frozen
Steve stands and prays silently, hoping that Bruce had turned in early that evening the way he always does the night before a mission, that Nat was going through her pre-mission ritual of sharpening her entire set of tactical knives in her quarters. Clint usually spends his time by himself at this hour; either on top of the roof or somewhere up in the vents. The assassins were creatures of habit, so since they rarely break convention, there was a good chance they would not be a bother.
"So no hot date ...?"
"I have to go."
, was Steve's usual excuse.
Clint waves a hand dismissively. "Nothing I haven't seen before, Cap. But there was definitely an appeal to keep-" He pauses, and his signature shit-eating grin slowly emerges like something pleasant had just crawled its way into his mind. Steve was not going to ask what it was, afraid that it was going to cause him to turn into the shade of a tomato.
"You want me to make love to you, Steve?" Tony hums into his ear as he grinds his erection against Steve's thigh. "That what you want, gorgeous?" Steve moans in reply. "Oh Steve what you do to me. Come on, tiger, let's go back to my place. I've got the stuff that'll make this evening a whole lot more memorable."
"You're - didn't Romanoff tell you how to eat these?"
Steve starts to tidy up the area, arranging the books scattered across the couch and floor. He picks up empty takeout boxes, used chopsticks and empty energy drink cans and he throws them out. Once that was done, Steve starts rolling up hardcopies of blueprints of previous armours before sliding them into their respective cases. He casually walks past Tony to keep them away in the shelves just above Dum-E's charging docks.
"You didn't read me wrong. I'm just -"
Momentarily, Steve wonders if Clint had seen them from the roof.
It was the best sleep they've had in months.
"After my brain rebooted? Absolutely." Tony slaps his forehead and drags the heel of his palm across his face, feeling stupid. "Sorry. That was .. a brain fart. Trust me sometimes I'm smart. Occasionally I'm sensitive. I'm working on those two traits to coexist in one sitting."
"You're out of your mind if you think any of this is easy for me," Steve replies coldly.
"I can make my own decisions, Tony. I'll give you a moment, you're clearly upset. Again, I'm sorry, I never meant to cause you any discomfort," Steve says, picking up his shoes. He did his best and tugged his shirt together as narrow as he could to hide his broad naked chest, praying that he doesn't bump into the others on his way back to his apartment. The leader of earth's mightiest heroes was going to take down HYDRA tomorrow, but right now he just wants to curl up in his bed and cry himself to sleep.
Thirty five hours and seventeen minutes.
As far as Tony was concerned, at that time Steve probably trusted Tony as far as he could throw him. Never mind that Steve had super human strength. So it was a huge gamble, mostly his pride was on line, when he offered Steve help to get through this. Access to the best therapists and doctors in the field, basically anything at all that would make life a little more bearable for the suffering super soldier. Tony had the capacity to make a lot of things happen.
"You're giving me the Camaro? Tony we hunted for that car for months!"
“If I recall correctly, '
“You’ll see soon enough. Now get outta here, they're not ready,” Steve says, reaching to grab Tony’s shoulders and twisting the shorter man around to lead him back where he’d come from.
This made Tony prop himself up on his elbows, hands on chest. “Jacob isn’t asking
Not wanting to give up just yet, Tony finally just offered himself. That he was just as available if Steve wanted someone to sit with him, keep him company. To his utter surprise, Steve didn't balk to this.
Delicious.
interested in dating, theres a particular
"You cleaned up nicely. Lucky girl."
When Steve pulls back, he examines his masterpiece - Tony was completely debauched. The blonde breaks into a triumphant grin. He grabs a fistful of Tony's shirt, pulls him slightly to lure him back in, only to press a hand on the brunette's chest, chasing after him.
in his head. “The cookies are amazing. They’re all for me, right? It’s literally got my face on them. Technically my armor but whatever. God, I miss my suits.”
“So what is it, Cap?” Tony says, laying on his back and resting his head against his arm. "What's your favorite Disney movie?"
"Oh horse shit, Tony!"
He glances at the shield leaning against the wall by his bedside for some courage, and then to the nightstand where a special photograph rested in a wooden frame for reassurance.
"Oh," Tony says, noticing the ruined shirt. "Sorry. Now you're going to have to get change. I'll get you a new one?"
"Go out with me."
Steve remembers what he had whispered to Tony that exact moment. It was a silly joke, something only the two of them could make the connection. Steve remembers how Tony doubled over while the rest of the team just stared as the humour was lost on everybody else. That same day, Tony held his hand for the first time. It was nothing romantic, heck Tony was trying to read his palm of all things (and failed miserably). They ended up enjoying each other’s company with a bottle of beer each, away from the crowd.
and he didn't have the overbearing need to be in control around Tony.
Tony inhales deeper.
Tony smiles, picking it up. His suspicions for the past few months may have reached a conclusion, and he likes being right about things. He grabs hold of the back of Steve's head and pulls him closer for a hug. The tenderness confuses Steve momentarily. When Tony draws back, he kisses Steve on the forehead, then the tip of his nose, then just below his left eye.
"And after that? What else did you have planned?"
"I wanted to ask you if you'd come with me to the Mental Health Foundation Charity gala. It happens in a week from Thursday. I checked with JARVIS and he said your uh schedule's free. I know this is short notice but I figured I'd just ask anyway."
"Maybe we're all just imagining his interest, Clint. He's attracted to m- he's attracted to
"I was in Japan, remember? Nat told me we don't have these flavours over here so I, uh I got you a whole bunch. There's strawberry, wasabi, red bean.." Steve says as he emerges with more bars of chocolate in his hand, holding them up like a fan over his face with only his eyes visible.
Steve walks into the carriage, hesitates for a moment before he allows himself to turn and face Tony, exposing the tears that had welled in his eyes and found a path down his face.
Soon their mouths slot perfectly in each other, just a hint of teeth and tongue in the midst of the languid movements of their lips. Tony was experienced in the art of lip locking with both genders but he wasn't surprised at all by the way Steve moves; he was a mix of dominance and sensuality, unafraid and curious, eager but playful. It Tony was being really honest, Steve kissed like a very sexy woman who was very aware that she was in control.
With one last glance at his reflection, Steve nods like a dork, a small pout in his lips and soft frown line between his eyebrows. He could do this, he tells himself. He's a confident, brave man. He’s Captain America. He's jumped out of airplanes without a parachute. He's punched Nazis and aliens in the face. He's taken down HYDRA in the different centuries.
Steve softens at how protective Tony gets when it comes to him.
Tony clasps his hands behind his head and starts to pace, puffing air out of his mouth in frustration. Steve watches the man calculate in his head on his next move. Steve on the other hand had made up his mind. He was bleeding from the inside, and like Tony, he might need some space and get away as well. He slowly reaches out of Tony's t-shirt on the ground that was laying next to his feet (even his shoes had been kicked off) and he balls it up before tossing it to the man. Tony catches the shirt with one hand.
"Your man-WHATEVER. I can't believe you'd do that to me on purpose!" Tony says dramatically as he tries to evade Steve's grabby hands. When the super soldier gets a good grip of his elbow, he gets tugged forward and nearly stumbles. Steve catches him on time and stabilises him.
"No I don't."
Tony chuckles lightly at the eagerness. " - come back to my place, we can finish dinner...."
Tony: Nothing's wrong :(
“-demons to fight? Exactly why you don’t have to feel like this is a hardship for me. I can almost assure you each and every one of those people downstairs are equally ready to be here for you, because we're all damaged in a lotta ways. Look at Barton. The man lives and breathes mischief and sunshine but deep down, he's barely pulling it through if it wasn't for Romanoff. We all need someone, Steve. It doesn't have to be me, but I'm more than happy to stick around for you."
That was basically how their relationship took a turn for the better.
? You're unnecessarily cruel today. Look, I’ll trade you some of my iced coffee?”
Only, he was.
"YES. How could it be your favourite when you never finished? You stomped ..." The gears in his head start to spin. "...out of the .. room..." And then everything clicked. "Ah."
“I tell ya what,” Steve says, breaking into Tony’s thoughts. “I’ll put those in the oven, and I’ll grab us some milk and a couple of these. We can go down to your lab and have a look at the blueprints. Mark 43 wasn’t it?”
"Nah just, just a few. Boxes. I got you a few boxes of each flavour. Didn't know which one you'd take, but Nat said everyone eats Kit Kat. And Clint said he'd eat the ones that you wouldn't so none of these would go to waste," Steve says, rubbing the back of his neck like he'd did something wrong. "You.... wanna try one?" he asks, finally managing to summon some courage to raise his blue eyes to meet Tony's.
Tony's eyes fly open and he drops his head to the side in disbelief. "Liar."
"No, no no no, you're not the problem, Tony. I'm .. sorry, I'm the one not making any sense. I'm just a little floored right now, that's all."
"Not that I don't deserve the shoe in the face..." That was Steve's cue to start apologising again. But Tony waves a hand to stop him. "..which, by the way, was a pretty solid throw. Hmm I think the bleeding's stopped." Tony tilts his head back up, and tries his best to scrunch his nose, blinking his eyes dramatically. It's sore but not broken. "Yeah. A broken nose would have put a hamper to the mission tomorrow, wouldn't it?" he jokes.
, and he didn't want to embarrass himself further. So he doesn't answer. He simply tucks his face to the crook of Tony's neck, lightly pressing his lips against the hot skin. Helpless and stupidly in love, and now that it's stamped and certified that Tony was somewhat on the same page, Steve wasn't hiding how giddy he was with happiness.
"Greasing the pole doesn't make half of what I slick myself up for," he whispers.
For a lethal, highly skilled super soldier that speaks volumes at how much Steve trusts Tony with his life, his mind and his heart.
The picture was of himself and Tony, with his arm draped casually behind the brunette's back firmly. Tony had the biggest smile on his face as Steve whispered something in his ear. The shot was entirely candid, taken by Clint from afar. The duo don't have a lot of pictures together, of just themselves, so this one easily makes it a favourite. So much so that Steve quietly had it framed and perched next to his bed.
What he didn't expect was someone was waiting there by the entrance.
want to do was kiss Steve on the lips, dirtily and hungrily, right there in the middle of the kitchen, ravish the man until they're both breathless.
attracted to you at minimal. Who wouldn't be? Jesus. But if you're thinking about a
"Tony, don't -"
It was a quiet second day of the week, no missions, no charity meet and greet, and Tony was nervously looking forward to Steve.
Steve could hear his heart pounding in his ears.
Tony pushes himself from the table and walks towards the blushing soldier. "Unless I am physically unable to go - work stuff, end of the world reasons- why wouldn't I? I don't think I know subtlety even if it slapped me in the face."
Steve laughs, leaning against the wall, watching the tired lines of Tony’s face. He had been gone for days cleaning up the last remnants of his old house destroyed in the missile attack, tying loose ends before the final goodbye. Tony finally found the time to sell the estate and completely move to New York, to live in the tower with his new roommates. The Triskelion fiasco took a lot of Tony's attention so after putting off the sale for almost a year, this was the last time Tony was going to be making frequent trips back to California.
Two steps out of the elevator, Steve perks up and the first thing that Tony notices was a speck of white powder on those defined cheekbones of his. It was as though time went on slow motion from there on. Steve tilts his head, and from a blank expression, the corners of his lips turn upwards, his eyebrows lift, giving life to his glistening aqua blue eyes. A ray of sunlight casts over him as he moves towards Tony, almost gravitates, and the sway of his hips as he strolls closer sends a warm feeling through Tony’s veins.
They look at each other and all playfulness dissipate.
I got to kiss you. I'd run you over with it and keep this baby if you said no."
Steve didn't know what to say, but he does a half smirk and shakes his head.
Steve rolls his eyes fondly. He hesitates for a moment before answering. "Okay mine's Mulan. What's yours?"
"Sorry," Tony says instinctively.
", the super soldier said, mimicking Tony's voice and sounding nothing like him at all. "Besides, don't you hate Starbucks?” Steve points out as he slowly draws back, and Tony lets out a small whine at the loss of proximity. He masks it as annoyance that Steve was calling out his choice of beverage.
The taste of red bean in his mouth was not helping the nausea creeping up Tony's throat.
The genius could watch Steve all day long if life would permit it. Usually it wouldn't take long for Tony to abandon his tools to lay on the couch while Steve rests against it on the carpet. Tony absolutely loves the way Steve's ocean blue eyes would sparkle in the sun when he tilts his head to meet Tony’s chocolate eyes. Steve would practically gush whenever he received drawings and letters from kids. He loved showing them off to Tony and would go “Are you
Steve's mouth drops.
If he was on zombie mode earlier, he was wide awake now.
Truly, the man could have easily left him to drown with his demons. Steve was truly on the path to self destruction when he first moved into the Tower. He was still reeling from the lost of his best friend who he presumed had died decades ago. Steve was withdrawn, reliving the trauma and collapsing inside. The first person to reach out to him was also the last person he had expected to.
“Excuse me? I flew back from the other side of the country for three and a half hours, and you’re kicking me out of my own kitchen?”
Tony catches a whiff of perfume and recognises the scent.
Tony was not amused.
He presses his lips firmly against Steve's to keep him locked in the present. It works, because Steve was high again when Tony draws back.
Comically, Steve was utterly oblivious to Tony's reaction. He was busy writing back to his young fan. He inhales the rest of the assaulted chocolate bar before ducking his head back up to finally notice  that Tony was staring at him with crazy eyes. Like a true scientist, Tony breaks the gaze and randomly picks up two new bars and hands one of it to Steve.
Steve: What's wrong? Do you need me to come back up?
It was a sweet, gentle kiss on the cheek, with Tony only slightly holding on to him close by his arm.
Steve remains unmoved, his back to Tony. The elevator will reach the penthouse any moment, so Steve prays that Tony says what he wants to say before the moment is lost.
So far nobody has made a comment that Steve received the most kisses. In fact, he was as heavily affectionate towards his team leader as he was unruly.
Again, Steve bites right into the bar of four like a savage.
While Steve did thank him for it via video call, (eyes darting everywhere else, licking his lips and scratching his eyebrow - standard Steve), Tony didn't think Steve would actually
Developing less than platonic feelings for the man outside the uniform came very much later.
Steve smiles sadly as he walks away to pick up his shoes. "Tony's a lot tougher than you give him credit for. Good night, Clint," he says, without turning around.
, was on everyone else's mind.
But Tony was relentless.
This time, it was Steve who moves first. He daringly slides his hand up Tony's chest, up his collarbone to pull him by his neck. He presses his lips on Tony's, crossing the line forever.
The nervous man squats and rests one knee on the carpet so they were face to face with each other. "It reminds me how much this -" Tony waves a finger back and forth between them "- scares me. And how I don't want to mess this up. I really, really hope I haven't?"
"Something like that," Steve replies as nonchalantly as he can. Clint gives his captain a glance over - from the top of his mussed up blond hair to the trace of reddish love bites on his collarbone, to the socks on his feet - and
Steve wasn't laughing.
Either Tony was going to say yes, or turn him down and everything, everything he's worked for in the past months would turn to dust.But no backing out now. Steve wants to do this today.
Today though.
Tony recognised the signs of PTSD without hardship.
His eyes began to sting, feeling vulnerable again so he quickly moved away to toss the empty carton of milk into the bin. "Get some sleep, Clint. We're gonna need you sharp tomorrow."
Tony resigns into the sofa and closes his eyes. He tries his best to hide that growing smile. Because they're doing it again.
," Tony says without heat and already peeling himself away. "Says the guy who wrapped his arms around me knowingly I'm on grease monkey mode. Fine, get outta here. Don't be too late, I need to be fed and watered."
“For your ease of mind, Sir has opened a pack of gummy bears," JARVIS replies, almost affectionately. "The last can of Red Bull has 23% content left and is currently at room temperature. It is unlikely for Mr. Stark to reach for it and there are none left in the mini bar. I believe Sir will need proper sustenance in approximately four hours.”
"Tell me?" Steve asks, blinking confused. "Is there a certain way to-?"
"Keep an eye on me, will you?" Steve says.
Tony rolls his eyes, feigning annoyance and trying his best to ignore the innuendo. There was no way Steve could have meant what Tony had hoped he had. "How about right now?" Tony shoots back without thinking too far ahead.
Steve hesitates before he lifts his face. "You really wanna go out with me? You don't think I'm a .. freak?"
"Why are you here Tony?" Steve asks in a tiny voice, before he finds the courage to look Tony in the eye. "We don't have to do this right now. Or ever. Tomorrow's a big-"
Steve chuckles as he leaves, knowing from experience that a hungry Tony was a grumpy Tony. Just as the elevator pings, he hears footsteps approaching him from behind. He turns, and meets Tony's gaze. The shorter man appears to have something to whisper to him. Like magnet, he leans to meet Tony halfway, tilting his face.
“Yeah well right now Steve Rogers is asking Tony Stark. Tell me yours, I’ll tell you mine."
me. You can't possibly want something from me that isn't a form of an apology. Regardless of the fact that - wait."
Before he could shove the device back into his phone, a new text message flashes on the screen. It's from Tony.
“Oh come on, you've made me watch a gazillion cartoons. There's gotta be one that sticks out," Tony coerces. "Come on,
"Look we don't have to go out or tell anyone. I respect that you need time. I just - I really,
He desperately didn't want the genius to feel sorry for him.
He was as gentle as he was stubborn. He wore his heart on his sleeve, always eager to welcome Steve in any shape or form the broken man presented himself. Before Steve realised what was going on, he found himself slowly trusting the inventor and wanting more of his company. Being around Tony made him feel
What he didn't want to do was ruin their friendship, in case he
Tony: It means I just saw you two minutes ago and now I miss you
“Don’t sweat it. It’s about time someone uses this kitchen. Why were you giving the oven the Captain America Look of Disapproval? Was it not preheating according to the mission plan?”
. But he lies – he
But he grimaces at the pet name, something Tony has always openly used when he talks to Steve. Honey. Darling. Sweetheart. Beloved. The only term of endearment that Tony has never used on Steve was baby. And Steve knows that baby was a popular term of endearment in the 21st century. Maybe the reason why Tony's not used it before, is because he never did see Steve as more than an object of lust.
Steve's eyes popped. "Did I just say that out loud?"
"Nobody's ever ... asked me out, Tony."
be doing this!"
man cave.
It was the longest elevator ride of his life.
"You're actually arguing with me on this," Steve says in disbelief. There was no heat in his words, because yup they were definitely flirting.
Tony lets out a small laugh before composing himself to continue. "That Camaro over there? That's a gift for you and she's almost ready. Had it all planned - I'd take you out for a late afternoon drive, stop by the Brooklyn bridge before sundown, ask you if I could kiss you, make you mine. That sort of stuff."
"Aw yeah?"
The teasing eventually generated enough attention that the rest of the team started poking their nose into the duo's weekly affair. For the most part, the rest of the Avengers were just happy for their co-leaders' improving relationship, but made it no secret that they were rooting for the super couple and were waiting for Steve and Tony to just admit that they were dating
Was Tony that sleep deprived? Did Steve just said what he thought he said? “You baked me cookies to …?”
Though he did get a letter from Tony Stark, with tickets to the next Stark Expo.
Steve breaks into another round of laughter, this time looking guilty. He then admits that it started off as a prank; Clint
"Is that... a positive or a negative? Use your words, Cap. I'm terribly male about these things, I'm oblivious."
"What was that for?" Steve squeaks.
Tony straightens his back, taking interest.
“You literally are the peak of human perfection. You punch Nazis, you fight aliens, you take down HYDRA and you bake chocolate chip and peppermint cookies. What
, make those cool points count,” Tony teases.
"I can't do this, Steve," he finally says. It came out as a whisper.
It took Tony two seconds to realise that the super soldier was stroking his wild hair gently as he reads a book with a free hand. When their eyes meet, Steve smiled softly and asked if he was hungry. The two ended up making dinner together afterwards, neither man finding the need to discuss the fact that they had been physically intimate for the first time.
This cracks Tony up, ruining the euphoria. He buries his face in Steve's neck laughing, giving up altogether.
A whole tray of Iron man cookies, decorated in red gold and silver icing, in even sizes laid on a cooling tray hidden from view. Most of them were perfect, but there were a couple that looked a little deformed but in a cute way. The stronger whiff of chocolate and peppermint filled Tony’s nostrils and it melts his heart. He hadn’t realized how wide his smile had grown and he looks to Steve.
Steve's breaths were still short, his heart thumping its way into his ears. His chiseled jaw was still aching from the kiss that felt like it had gone for hours. He watches as Tony steps further away, shaking his head and catching his own breath as though he had just completed a sprint.
He hovers patiently by the entrance, enjoying the view until the genius finally rolls out from under the car and notices him. Steve makes a tiny hand wave.
Clint whistles. "Wow. Drinking straight outta the box. You must be
should be a piece of cake.
Steve went into panic mode.
Tony gently hits him over the head with a soft pillow cushion. “You're gonna sound like some uninitiated douche who's just telling the kid what he wants to hear. Tell the six year old what your favorite Disney cartoon is,” Tony says, stressing each word like a warning. It only made the blond chuckle happily.
"Come right in, Cap. You know the drill - mi casa es su casa, " Tony says, waving a noncommittal hand as he redirects his focus to the holograms projected before him and pretending that he was working on something. In actual fact he had been staring at skeletal blueprints of MARK 47 for 2.5 hours with little to no progress.
"Come on," Tony says, offering a hand. "I promise you, I'll behave this time."
It's really isn't.
"He's a moron," Clint says without preamble, but in full context. "I'd give it a day. He'll come to his senses. And if he doesn't, well, I'll put an arrow to his knee."
"Is this like, an honorary guest kind of invitation? Keynote speech? Either way yeah I'm free. I'd be more than happy to sign a cheque too."
"You try this one and let me know if it's going to Barton," Tony says, handing Steve the pudding-flavoured one while he glances at the one in his hand. He grimaces at red bean, remembering how much he disliked the taste. But this is for science.
"And frankly, you in a tuxedo?" Tony says, piercing through Steve's thoughts. "I'm not even going to pretend that doesn't make me weak in the knees. They're going to have to pry me away from you with a crowbar," Tony says with a straight face and a slight shrug of his shoulders.
Tony picks up his iced coffee and offers it to Steve. “Deal’s a deal.” He watches as Steve’s lips capture the metal straw without taking the cup, his tongue slightly drawn out. He takes a sip and plays with the beverage on his mouth before swallowing. Of course, Tony follows every movement with an appetite.
"Salright. No harm done. But you're visibly tired, Tony. You've been binge-working again while I was gone?"
But just as he predicted, Steve aggressively shut his offer down.
"I think you're hot, Steve," Tony says. The strain in his has wavered, the tension in his neck mellowed. "So
Then, one Tuesday afternoon, Steve just showed up at Tony's workshop unannounced with a box of letters in hand. With his head hung over his broad shoulders, he asked if he could come in, promising that he wouldn't be a bother. "I just don't want to be alone right now," Steve whispered that day. Tony had a million questions running through his mind that day but he held his tongue, and made a spot for Steve on the carpet.
him himself. Just how they're going to survive being around each other for a mission with little room for error, was anyone's guess.
He was trying very hard not to break down and cry again.
Steve laughs out loud, a rumble in his chest. "I wouldn't dare to say no now."
Steve sighed, but not unhappily. “Just thought you needed a … pick-me-up? I know you’ve had a lot on your plate, you'e been dealing with Congress since the Mandarin, with the Triskelion mess that I made, and Pepper leaving, the suits... and I haven’t been all that supportive either. In fact the past couple of weeks, I’ve been taking so much of your time-“
me? Come one. This is amazing!” at almost every drawing that Tony would merely shrug his shoulders to.
Tony did have a wild imagination, after all.
“Yes, JARVIS?” Steve replies stern and low in his Captain America voice before shaking his head, feeling stupid.
"Tony, please, don't walk away," Steve pleads, choking on his own words. "Please talk to me."
"I leave you for four days and you turned into a wisecracking little monster. JARVIS, call Hill. I think Captain America's been body swapped with a 16 year old teenager."
Because he was a sap who preferred handmade, old fashion snail mail, Steve would always pick out the hand-written letters addressed to him and neatly stack them in a box in order of envelope size. He would then make his way to Tony’s workshop with a spring in each step, punch in his access code to let himself in, plant himself on the carpet by the couch and work his way through the dozens of letters gleefully, tracing his fingers along the texture of the paper.
It was either he had been misreading Tony all along, or Tony was having one of his self-loathing moments. Steve has learned so much about Tony from just observing him for months now and he quickly comforted himself from feeling the sting of Tony's words.
The next twenty minutes was spent on the carpet by the sofa, with Tony having a zipper bag filled with ice wrapped with a towel pressed to his nose as his head tilts and rests on the sofa seat. Steve initially hovered nervously over him, but finally settled next to him while he hugs his knees, legs crossed. At some point Steve had to stop apologising, because Tony stopped responding. In fact he had gone completely quiet having writhed in pain for a good few minutes.
doesn't say a word.
"Thanks, Cap. I mean, if this is your way of telling me I need a break every now and then, consider the message being delivered demonstrably loud and clear."
First thing he sees in the morning, last thing before he sleeps.
What had happened was trickling into Steve's head, it came in a misty blur that slowly began to show its form; one second they were casually discussing tomorrow's mission while popping dumplings into their mouths, the next he was leaning into a kiss and pressing Tony against the dining table, the man he had been in love with for the past aching months. When Tony wrapped his hands around Steve's shoulders and ran his fingers through Steve's hair to push deeper into the kiss, Steve lost all his inhibitions.
Just like that, the tension's gone. They ease into a comfortable laugh but Tony was determined to make his intentions clear. He takes one large breathe in and goes for it.
"Oh yes you do," Tony insists, raising an eyebrow.
Tony: Ignore me. Have a good session
"I'm sorry, Steve. So so sorry. If you still want to -"
married, Tony. You've met her wife. Remember we bumped into them two Sundays ago at the coffee place?"
"Christ," Tony says, his voice softening. "Please - just - come back here. Don't leave like that."
He stood in a perfect posture with his blonde short hair unkempt and pointing in every direction. For once, Steve was wearing a loose pair of grey sweatpants with a matching hoodie comfortably hanging off his broad shoulders instead of those obscenely tight Under Armour workout shirts he loved. He was crossing his arms with mittens over his hands and a bright orange checkered apron wrapped around his narrow waist, staring intently at the oven. There was flour everywhere across the kitchen top, baking utensils that Tony had never seen before were half-used and dusted with white powder. The smell of fresh cookies filled the air, there was a hint of cinnamon and peppermint, but curiously, there were none in sight.
The corner of the genius' mouth automatically quirks into a smile. He nudges his chin up in question, urging Steve to carry on.
"I swear, Steve. You beat me to it by just
The man who challenged his decisions every step of the way - Tony Stark.
Tony should be affronted for being manhandled like that, but he plays along anyway. He wasn’t going to make it easy though. “Why do I have to leave? It smells amazing in here. I know there are cookies. Chocolate chip and peppermint.” Tony brakes with one foot, and Steve bumps against his back. “Come on. One cookie?"
), Tony did pull Clint aside to try and apologise.
That is, until one day, Tony decided to be cheeky and ruin the magic. He knew that Clint had a habit of crawling through the vents and no matter how often Tony warned him not to, the highly skilled assassin slash former level seven SHIELD agent slash bane of Tony's existence continued to challenge him. That fateful day, Tony's patience was wearing thin so he deliberately generated a force field when he sensed that Clint was passing through his workshop. The unsuspecting archer was electrocuted to a crisp, and Tony thought it was hi-
“Sure, doctor-to-the-power-of-three Stark,” he teased, moving his hands up to poke Tony’s sides and make him wiggle.
The kisses turning open mouthed wouldn’t have been a problem at all if he hadn’t been close enough to feel exactly how they were affecting Steve, but before he could call orange, Steve told him to ignore the arousal and that was, surprisingly, enough to get him comfortable again in the idea that this wasn’t going any further.  So, he nodded and then practically purred as he tipped his head forward to rest his forehead on Steve’s chest.  The way his fingers moved through his hair was so
“I appreciate you being as accommodating as you can be for me,” he stated. “I’m fine with it on your breath, and with you doing it in front of me. It’ll be really bad for you to think you have to hide your habit from me. I would just prefer if you don’t get drunk around me. Mainly for consent reasons, I am uncomfortable being around a partner if I’m sober and they’re under the influence, even one drink could affect judgement or inhibitions and if you’re needing it around me maybe it would be best to talk to me about why,” he added, with a concerned tinge to his eyes.
“I think now would be a real good time to give me that kiss you wanted,”
Steve smirked, letting go of Tony, he let the other have space enough to get moving. They moved back towards the elevator. “I assume we’re going in here?”
Steve hissed a sharp intake of air. “Oh god. I love tight jeans on beautiful men,” Steve half whimpered. “Mmm- sure I’m so down for that. There’s something really hot about having to restrain myself,” Steve laughed kissing the slope of Tony’s shoulder. “You’d look to die for in tight jeans.” Steve grinned making sure not to push too much in case it sounded like he was pestering for sexual contact. “So yes, I think jeans and a shirt would be fine.” Steve nodded.
“Well, it would be classed as intimacy but to me this is a form of sexual contact. I’m getting to show you how I feel physically - to me that’s what sex is. So we’re both happy.” He explained, his hands coming round to run back down Tony’s back. “I love that you’re asexual. Coming up with ways to make you feel intimately cherished is fun and is widening my understanding of human intimacy. It’s beautiful. Just like you.”
“Wanna draw you like all the great pin ups,” he hummed, “put you down in my sketchbook all dressed up for me,” he panted, breathing heavily out of his nose. He arched his neck backwards, breaking eye contact to roll his head round. His eyes fell closed as his lips, bright red and pert, parted delicately. He moaned he couldn’t help it. “I’m so fuckin’ turned on,” he whimpered. He loved it - he’d never allowed himself to be teased this way before. It was sublime. His adams apple bobbed nervously. “Will you? Kiss my neck?” Steve asked, his hands wrapping around Tony to pull him close.
Tony couldn’t help but love Steve for saying things like that.  Just.  Everything.  Everything he said was wonderful.  He had no idea how he was supposed to ever stop smiling.  “If you don’t want to sleep alone anymore, then don’t.  I don’t have a really regular sleeping schedule, but I’m pretty sure if you showed up in my workshop and dragged me to bed, I’d come.” He packed up the telescope and carried the blanket, then climbed back up into the car, only to be met with another grin and question from Steve.
“Did you need to be somewhere?” he asked, concerned he was hindering his partner without realizing. He wandered up to Tony, fluffing up his hair a little. “I promise he’ll do what he needs to. Just give us an hour to have breakfast,” Steve cut in, hoping that would be enough to satisfy this lady. She must have been important, her gaze even intimidated Steve a little.
Steve blinked.  “Me? More like thank you, baby.  You’ve spent all evening explaining the night sky to me.  People get paid to do this shit, you know?” He smiled, kissing Tony’s cheek.  “Honestly, though.  I’ve really enjoyed listening to you out here.  And the stars are almost as beautiful as you.  You’ve got a solid lead on Sirius and that’s my favorite.” He swayed Tony a little in his arms.  “I have both hot chocolate and coffee in thermoses in my car--you want some? If so, which one?”
“These things don’t hide who I am? Or at least it doesn’t seem that way to me. Hiding myself from you would be telling you I’m ace too when I’m really… really not. In fact, I’m the complete opposite. Trying to make my expressions more aware of your existence seems like courtesy to me? But if it makes you uncomfortable I can not think about these things, it just… I’ve never really thought about these things but now I’m with you it seems obvious to me.” He reached over and petted Tony’s shoulder.
Steve breathed out a sigh of release, “Jesus thought ya was never gonna ask,” he half slurred from arousal. He swallowed thickly, “S'gonna be hard not to rub up against ya,” he panted. “If gets too much, word or somethin’,” Steve explained, aware that with the sweet friction of Tony’s weight against him there would be no hope of controlling himself properly. He moved his chair out backwards so Tony could slide on to his lap. Steve’s hands were rubbing over the tops of his thighs in an attempt to keep them occupied enough not to touch himself.
Steve laughed, “I think the point is to do both. Have a chance to find constellations, planets and formations, but also just to relax in the stillness and awe of connecting with extra-terrestrial bodies. I’ve always found looking to the sky comforting rather than scary - how do you feel about it?” The background noise of the movie was appreciated but the volume was beginning to irritate, he turned the sound down. “Have you stargazed before?”
Steve smiled his arms wrapping around Tony’s form, “That’s a no to the popcorn, I am actually quite enjoying your bug bears about the popularization of physics in fiction. I mean my understanding doesn’t really venture much past Neil DeGrasse Tyson. Whom I love, may I add,” Steve informed Tony, he couldn’t help but nuzzle up to Tony’s jaw at the chance to get close to him again. “If you’re any good at stargazing, you need to take me. Hint hint, by the way.” He smirked
Steve burst out laughing, “Excuse me I’m always gonna be big spoon. No jet-packing allowed in this relationship,” there was a playful smirk to the edge of his laughter as he reached forward to switch the screen on. Searching for and selecting Back to the Future, Steve threw the remote down back into the basket, practically tackling Tony to the sofa. “My favorite cuddles always have me as big spoon, so that’s what we’re gonna do,” he sassed, positioning himself behind Tony, one arm holding his head up so he could see the television, the other resting over Tony’s waist.
Tony just about died. There was a good chance that this guy actually was his soulmate because fuck, he was being perfect. “I… nnhgn, alright. Texting. Good. I wanna see you again too.” And damn, he really did. “You want me to pick you up?” He was already running through ideas about what to wear. Steve was very likely to drive him completely crazy. He started walking towards the entrance to the building again.
Tony whined again at the question and the kisses, clutching at Steve’s back.  He wasn’t going to avoid saying sir for the whole rest of the night.  He wasn’t--might as well let it happen now.  He licked his lips and tilted his head forward into Steve’s shoulder.  “Yes please, Sir.” He’d take whatever punishment there was for manipulating Steve into a scene later, when it came.
“Oh, but those stories aren’t actually embarrassing they’re just cute.” Bucky replied, it seemed as if he’d been enlightened and as Nat stirred the teas for them, Bucky chose another story.
“Why would I mind it?” He asked confused. “It just tells me you’ve been hurt before, but it also tells me you survived something difficult and that I should never underestimate your ability to adapt. The fact we’re even here on your sofa despite this scar is testament to how admirable your strength of character is…” he met Tony’s eyes with his own.
“I’d be responsible for your safety. I need to know how to make scenes so they’re enjoyable for you.” He paused. “It sounds like you’ve been so unsafe with yourself…” He looked at the blush on Tony’s cheeks. “That’s not a bad thing, but no one should have been so cruel to take advantage, this isn’t your faul--it’s your partner’s faults. They should have checked like I am checking now. It’s disgusting not one of your sexual partners has done this,” he looked shocked, he felt a little sick to his stomach. “You need to be sure of your boundaries, and if you’re unsure you need the appropriate help to test what you want, what you like, to find those boundaries.” He shook his head a little in disbelief.
‘Baby’ twice in two sentences? Tony melted happily, taking Steve’s hand without any sign of complaint.  “Can I wash you too, Master?” The term made him shiver happily.  He couldn’t quite believe what he’d gotten himself into but he wanted to curl up in it and stay forever.
The store was across town, but it was a bulk place with good discounts. Tony spent most of their time there poking at and feeling the different papers and brushes, but he also talked Steve into doing a fairly large-scale piece and got him all new materials for the project, since he said his paints were getting kind of low and a little bit dry. Then they went home and Tony let Steve have the space he needed to get started. He went to his little sitting area where he could hardly see them and after a while, he wandered upstairs to have some time to himself to think.
“Yes, that last part is pretty bad. I probably wouldn’t even protest you pulling me back into bed, but food is important. Very important. And water is good and necessary.” Tony leaned back against him and squeezed his hand. “I’m pretty lucky to have you too. Here, what d'you think, sugar pie? Jeans? Or do you want me to get all dressed up again so you can show me off some more? I do have some nice tight jeans that show off my ass. Might be a good compromise there.”
Tony was recognized less often than people would think when he was wearing jeans and t-shirts rather than a suit, and they didn’t have any problems in the diner. He smiled back at Steve and laced their fingers together.
Chapter 3--Thursday
“Sure baby, but first lemme thank you for respecting my boundaries and trusting me. Especially after our little hiccup this morning. I really appreciate you giving me that.”
Steve wasn’t that phased at the question he figured it would be coming.  He was expecting some story about high school maybe, or one of the times where they got stoned and he made an ass out of himself.  He was leaning against the counter as Bucky popped the cap of the beer and handed it to Tony as Nat filled a couple of cups with tea bags.
“Just that I am extremely infatuated with you.” He replied simply, “to communicate how passionate you make me,” the words were barely above a whisper. Spoken with their lips close to touching. He moved his gaze down to stare longingly at Tony’s mouth. Inching forward he closed the gap, massaging their lips together as his hands grasping Tony’s waist. He ran the smooth palms of his hands over the patterned contours of Tony’s abdominal muscles.
He looked a little terrified under his attempt to smile reassuringly. “Please don’t push me away because of this.”
Tony kissed his cheek, then his jaw, then followed the other two, both of his arms wrapped around one of Steve’s now.  “I’d definitely take a beer, thanks.  Maybe you could also dish up some embarrassing stories from when he was much smaller? Then I can decide whether to defend his honor again or just laugh at him a bit.” He didn’t ever want Steve to think he didn’t respect him, but he also wanted to know what sort of trouble he could expect him to get into.  So there would likely be slightly more defending than laughter.
“I’ll go first, and this is… extremely integral to our success as a relationship. Do you like Star Wars? And if you do, please tell me all about your salty feels over the prequels.”
“Yeah, Irish Catholic born and raised,” Steve smiled, as Tony touched his cheek. It made his stomach summersault to have Tony be so honestly adoring over something as silly as color on his cheeks.
“Oh! Okay, here’s a question - probably should have asked about this yesterday. So, do you, like, masturbate? Or is it not at all? This is a super important question, you’ll see,”
“Yeah, don’t do that because it’s cliché and embarrassing. But thank you.” He settled back down in his arms and squeezed his hand.
He hadn’t been held this tightly and wonderfully in a long time, and he nuzzled back appreciatively. “You’re the best and I want to keep you here forever. But I guess I can settle for late.” He kissed his shoulder and rubbed his back and after another minute, nudged him a little. “C'mon, dear. I promised J we’d be back.”
“It was… Some kind of shock, I guess,” he finally explained. “You’ve been touching me so much that to have it taken away was harder than it normally would’ve been. I didn’t expect that to happen.”
Steve flushed crimson.  It had to be a sex story.  Who does that? When you first meet you ex’s new partner? Maybe Bucky was nervous or upset with him.  He didn’t know, he just wished a hole in the ground would swallow him, but Nat was laughing again.
Steve leaned his head back against the headrest. “Tony this is so fuckin’ cool of course I want to go now!” Steve exclaimed, moving to look up expectantly at Tony. Once Tony had made his move for the driver’s seat, Steve found his way back into the passenger seat.
Tony smiled more softly and sweetly and genuinely than he probably had in years and he slid his hands around to Steve’s back for a second.  “Thank you.” He undid the button and sipped of Steve’s jeans without looking away from his eyes and shoved them to the ground before sliding his fingers carefully down into his underwear to shove that down too.  Then he slid his hands deliberately down over his hips.  “Your skin feels unbelievably amazing under my hands right now.  No one could be better for me than you and this.”
“Of course I won’t hold it against you.” Steve assured, “Like I said, its more about national identity and heritage than it really is for the actual religion. Ireland has a complex history.” He nodded listening to Tony’s story. Hungarian and Italian, how beautiful?
"Okay.” Intellectually, Tony could handle it, but damn did it feel like rejection. “Can I hold your hand, just for a second?” He’d pulled away so quickly that it felt like being ripped away, and just a brief touch would help to reassure him that they were still there together and okay.
Steve smirked, he was about to make a joke but stopped short. He didn’t know if it would be construed as offensive. So he nodded instead, “well I’m most comfortable in my underwear, but I’d only want that amazing skin contact if it was reciprocated,” Steve nuzzled the side of Tony’s face.
“I’ve dabbled enough in astronomy for that, I think. We can bring a picnic. And a nice telescope so I can show you the planets. That’ll be fun. Have you done stargazing before? Is the point to find stuff? Or just to marvel at the beauty? I’m a little fuzzy on that point.”
Steve’s hands flew out to cover Tony’s “Here, let me,” he offered. “I was just thinking about skin to skin touch. Since you like it why don’t we experiment a little with that?” He hummed, his hands moved down to undo the trail of buttons on Tony’s shirt. “Part of it will help with trust too, let me show you I can work creatively with the intimate boundaries you’ve given me,” Steve moving closer to Tony their clothed thighs touching. “If any touch makes you uneasy but you still want to continue, orange okay? Red means I’ll take my hands off you completely.”
“Time to wrap it up Dr.  Stark,” Steve teased taking their empty coffee thermos away.  He rolled up the blanket and offered Tony help with packing down the telescope.  “I can assure you, my home is small but comfy.  God I am so excited to feel your skin against mine,” he spoke honestly.  “I’ve missed it so much.  I don’t know how I’m going to cope spending nights alone.  You’ve ruined me, I have no hope of enjoying sleeping alone ever again.” He layered on the theatrics, acting like a dork to get a laugh from Tony as they walked towards the car.
Steve pursed his lips raising his eyebrows. He was shocked and not in a pleasant way.
“I will most definitely take you up on that,” he was biting his lip hard, he didn’t want to give in that he was hard. Part of him panicked that if he admitted he was aroused, Tony would stop and he really didn’t want this to stop. He wanted it to continue, so badly. At the laugh and the second onslaught of such beautiful noises said in such a rich and thick accent Steve ran his hands through his hair. He was hard, so incredibly hard. He was also losing his cool.
Steve shied a little at the praise, subtly hiding by leaning his chin atop of Tony’s head. At the mention of wanting a kiss Steve quickly assented, swooping down to steal a chaste but passionate closed mouth kiss.
very warm and very comfortable and Steve was hugging him perfectly. He whined in the back of his throat, wishing he didn’t have to pick, then pulled away. “’ll be back ‘na bit, 'kay?” He kissed his forehead, then squirmed out of the bed and pulled on a robe.
“What do you mean you have to touch?” Steve asked incredulously, bewildered and confused. As Tony began to head off, Steve doggedly followed. “Did you just insinuate that you-?” He asked shocked. He’d expected a lady. He was sure that the man he could ever love was Bucky.
Steve took Tony’s hand in his own as he led them towards the en suite.  “Of course you can--if you let me undress you in return?” Steve asked giving Tony’s hand a gentle squeeze.  He was really learning to appreciate the intimacy of simple gestures such as that.
“Okay so first he kept terrorizing me for art supplies.” Steve informed as the video finished and he swiped his finger onto another video. It was Steve’s face selfie style, Dummy clawing at the side of it,
“I do,” he agreed. “And I was serious about that bit. I want you to claim me, honey, and you buying me or picking out my clothes… That’s such a sweet non-aggressive way to do that. And I am so game for being pretty for you and I’d wear something you bought for me every day no problem. I want to have little things I can do for you to make you happy.” Tony kissed his shoulder and up his neck again, then stole another, softer kiss. “You’re so amazing. Perfect for me. I want to do it this sort of way at least a few more times, then maybe I can go into the shower with you and just be there for you to touch? And then maybe after that, I can start helping with the messy bits. But this was really really good and I want to build up slowly to more.”
Steve allowed Tony the freedom to touch his body.  He was feeling a little vulnerable after his disagreement with Bucky, but Tony seemed to know exactly what to do make him feel better.  He moaned a little as the palms of Tony’s hands rubbed the contours of his abdominal muscles.
“I turn on the TV like a normal person,” Tony answered with a grin. “The remote is in the basket under the coffee table.”
Steve was still reeling from his argument with Bucky, he’d thrown his coat on and headed straight for the door.  Tony’s unexpected apology confused him.  “Oh Tony--I’m not even mad about that at all.  I promise its fine,” he pressed.  “Well, I mean you’re fine.  I’m not mad at you.” He shut the door before locking it after himself.
There was one part of New York city that had always seemed like the most romantic setting to meet someone, and near by was a fantastic local Italian restaurant. The instinctual feeling took him to that very street for his exact time butterflies amassing in his stomach. Natasha and Bucky had already met, some would say like a fairytale and he was just desperate to have the same happen to him.
However as taxi pulled up and an angry looking mass of short human walked directly into his chest he was taken by surprise.
"We need
Here's the problem: the genius hadn't seen or heard from Steve since then.
Steve steels his nerves.
The flirting.
They walk back to the kitchen, Steve leading the two. Tony had full view of that ass he’d been wanting to tap from the day Steve moved into the Tower but swipes away the dirty thoughts.
-rious.
Tony blinks twice before it clicked. "The blonde and the ginger couple. Right. Brain fart, sorry."
Steve blinks. His lips were slowly gaping and he caught himself in time before his entire jaw fell on the floor. He chews his lips, then clenched his jaw, and finally settles with pressing his hand over his mouth.
Tony wasn't about to take it personal, because Clint made terrible jokes sound good and Thor was funny as hell without even trying.
He clearly lusted for Steve. There was no other explanation to how his pants had tented, and how far his hands had wondered down Steve's tight jeans, under the waistband of his underwear ..
It felt like a giant slap on Steve's face.
"You go first. Lead by example, Boss."
The blond sheepishly smiles and scratches his eyebrow. Tony notices that Steve does that a lot when they talk, and the stuttering mid-sentence was something that never happened when the Captain led missions or conducts briefings with the team. Around him, alone without spectators, Steve was someone else. Someone relatable, someone almost unsure of himself, but clever enough to return Tony's barbs.
"Oh I'm fully aware that everyone needs to grease the pole every now and then," Tony says with a wink.
This kiss was hotter than the first round, their blood boiling in their veins with both participants finally on the same page about their feelings.
Or, Mr.1940s was genuinely a tightly wound, goody-two-shoes with the personality of a sock.
"Kit-Kat?" Tony says, genuinely surprised. He plucks it out of Steve's hand to examine it. "Green tea. Huh. Where'd you get this?"
“Yeah well Daddy's home now. We'll get you sorted," Tony said without thinking. A flash of red spreads across Steve's face and the super soldier ducks his face away and clears his throat loudly. It did not escape Tony that Steve had flushed hard and it was definitely something he had just said.
Because the perfume bottle that Tony got for Steve wasn't just
- with me- I'm going to have to stop you right here. You don't want to go down that path, buddy, trust me. It never ends well. For anyone."
"No it's not like that at all. I want you to come with me, Tony. As my personal guest," Watching Tony's face positively light up like a Christmas tree, Steve bunches up the fabric of his pockets and goes for it. "I'd like to take you as my plus one. If, if you're interested?"
“Yeah well beggars can’t be choosers. I needed some sugar in my system. Been a long week, Cap.”
"Uh ... what, what do you have in mind?" Steve asks, his face turning red again.
. Not just as a pal, a colleague or an Avenger. I like you, like I want to take you out, hold your hand and be your fella, kind of like you. I wanna know you better. If that's something you're open to."
"Something deafening, as you can imagine."
Steve: And I am looking forward to more than just a peck on the cheek, mister.
"I'm counting on that, doll," Steve says as he inches closer to Tony. He reaches out to touch Tony's hands stained with grease but the inventor backs his hand away and gives Steve a playful, non-verbal warning not to get too close. Tony was conscious that he was going to ruin Steve's clean shirt if he moved any closer but Steve presses his hand against Tony's back, boxing him in. "I'd want to hold on to you all night if you turn up in those fancy suits of yours," he whispers.
Steve suddenly feels embarrassed, but clears his throat anyway. "I've got lube, Tony." Comically, Tony jerks back, feigning a surprise. Steve rolls his eyes, reading the man like a book. "It's not because I bring anybody home," he clarifies anyway just to humour the brunette. "It's for ... personal consumption."
"So you want me to go out with you, to this charity event, as your date," Tony says, returning to the main topic.
Before the genius could dive deeper into his thoughts, he hears a code being punched into the door for access. Tony holds his breathe and looks up. Like clockwork, there he was. The man who stole his heart was at the door in cotton grey sweatpants snugged in all the right places, a white round-collared T-shirt that was two sizes too small for him and a shoebox full of letters pinned to his narrow waist. Steve's short hair wet at the tips but neatly finger combed.
is that? Hmm? What is this, Cap? Do you like me? Is this just physical? Because two days ago you nearly benched me from tomorrow's mission citing "high risk of insubordination". That was after a yelling match between us and I nearly gave myself an aneurism just trying to get through to you. You can't stand me, I can't stand you. Now we're sucking face."
Due to his Captain America persona, Steve was widely projected as the poster boy for hyper-masculinity. After all, he was a soldier with the facial features of movie star and the body comparable to a Norse God (really; even Thor complemented Steve on his exceptional physique and strength). Most of all, Captain Rogers was a virtuous, admirable man, a leader, a national icon.
of you tomorrow. Think you two can manage that, Cap?" Clint relays, knocking Steve back. He doesn't answer. Frankly he wasn't sure himself. He's never felt this strongly about anyone, especially on the physical aspect. What they did earlier,
“It’s really sweet,” Steve says. “Probably not my type.”
, Tony thinks.
He leaves his floor.
"Steve, I'm just putting it out there.  The second I step out of that limo after you do, the press are going to go nuts. Stuff that aren't exactly true are going to spread like wildfire, nobody really cares about the truth these days. It'll get really crazy. It'll get too much. You already hate the stuff they write about me, you're not going to like what they'll write about you getting involved with me."
“Hey Cap,” Tony greets with a reciprocating smile. It reaches his eyes, because he means it. He takes a sip of his iced coffee to avoid looking way too happy to see his team mate.
As much as Steve tried to convince himself that Tony on was just going on defence mode, that he was clamming up due to his own insecurities, his inner demons whispering that he's never good enough for anyone, Steve felt the cut. It was deep and it drew blood.
He makes a line for the elevator and presses down.
This shouldn’t feel so domesticated, like coming home to someone after a long day at work, but it does.
"What are you, 10?"
"Oh. I can do that."
? Steve, have you even met me? And plus, don't flatter yourself. I didn't want you the first time I met you."
Steve chews his lips like he was trying very hard not to goof off. "What are you sorry for?"
Tony's jaw drops and he stares at Steve in disbelief.
He gulps.
Tony leans in and kisses the spot. He drops the icepack and cups Steve's face with both hands and he gently kisses the super soldier on the lips. Steve nearly jerks in surprise but doesn't pull away.
“He's four," Steve corrects, before turning his body to face him. "What’s yours?”
“Yeah you like ‘em black, bitter and scalding. Painful to swallow but addictive once you have it in your mouth. Hey, that should have been on my SHIELD profile” Tony humors, then realizes what he had insinuated. “Thanks, Steve,” he quickly backpedals, chanting
Steve was someone who looked like he genuinely did enjoy Tony's company, all of it, and didn't have a problem of showing it.
“I know it's been a hard week for you, Tony,” Steve says apologetically, even though he had nothing to do with the house getting blown up. “That’s what’s all this is about, actually. I wanted to, uh, surprise you. I mean, it probably wouldn’t turn out good. You don’t even hafta try them. It’s silly even.“
The last sentence came out of nowhere and Tony’s breathe hitches. He sighs and looks at Steve – they’ve had this conversation before in one of those nights that Tony has spent sitting on the roof with Steve, calming the super soldier down from his panic attacks drawn from nightmares that never seemed to leave the captain. It was either Tony was there for Steve, or vice versa. Only difference was, Steve found solace on high places. Tony on the other hand morphs into a obsessive hermit when his episodes begin, so Steve would sit with him in his lab until he was ready to leave again.
Despite what the masses think, Tony knows exactly what he's doing. As a child, Captain America was Tony's hero. Never in a million years did he imagine actually getting the chance to know his hero, let alone saving the world next to the man.
He breathes out one last time before reaching out to Tony's hand and placing it on his hip, before steeling his nerves and resting them on his marble ass. He leans into Tony.
That warranted a force cough.
Steve tells himself. He was mildly annoyed by Tony's insinuation, as though the genius hadn't known by now that he wasn't seeing anyone special. Or that Steve had more than once hinted that if he
Tony points at the green tea one, so Steve starts to unwrap the bar.
For a man his age, Tony took care of himself well. He was nowhere near Steve's physique but enough to put a lot of younger men to shame.
"That's a lot of maybe's Rogers. Anything in there that you're definitely sure of?"
After a few kisses being exchanged, Tony draws back as though to admire a masterpiece before him. Steve was certain that he looks stupid with his flushed cheeks and heavy breathing. He can't seem to do anything attractive tonight. Of course, Tony would disagree.
And he wanted to make sure Steve knew how much he appreciated the gesture. He wraps his arms around the super soldier and tightly hugs him, grabbing the back of Steve’s neck to hold him close. Before he drew back, he kisses Steve softly on the cheek, making sure the pressure was light but meaningful. The kiss was okay, Tony reasons with himself, because he kisses everyone regularly. The entire team was aware that Tony does whatever he wants, including pecking people randomly when his mood was better.
“What if I get in a funk again? The last time I built anything, I couldn't stop-“
Steve got that reference but he refuses to respond to the bait. "I'll get some sushi on the way home. Take a shower, you smell like a gas station."
," Steve breathes, almost a moan. He quickly snaps his eyes open, embarrassed.
Steve rolls eyes at himself and buries his face in his hand. He manages to glance over at the window panels, wondering how many steps does he need to take to get there and throw himself off the Tower. Before he could say anything else, Tony leans in and takes his hands apart and kisses him again, this time the kiss was feverish. Steve opened his mouth this time, letting Tony slide in to set the pace as he traces Steve's cheeks, sucking his lower lip.
The way Tony licks the corners of his mouth was
"Yeah but not before I found out that you're actually a pain in the ass sass queen beneath the pretty face! But now, after getting to know you, the real you? You. Are. Beautiful. Every inch of you. Even if you break every law there is known to mankind for chomping on KitKat without breaking the bars."
like you Steve. I dont have everything figured out but I have to get this out of my chest. If you're uncomfortable I'll never bring this up again."
"Thank you JARVIS. I'll be right there. Wish me luck?"
Steve straightens the sleeves of his henley and rolls his shoulders, cracking his neck.
"Your man-cave access is officially revoked until further notice, Rogers."
So, progress.
If he had a tail, it would be wagging feverishly.
day."
His tone was anything but mean. In fact, it quickly became clear to Steve that Tony wasn't purposely trying to get a rise out of him. He was just tired and clearly out of focus. "Linda
The reformed playboy sighs. "No offence, but who Tony Stark shows up with to blitz and glitz galas is old news. I have a less than stellar reputation. I'm known to chase skirts, anyone with a pulse really. Of course I'm working on correcting that perception. Who Captain America takes as his plus one, on the other hand...." Tony trails off. When Steve frowns to protest, Tony holds up a hand to stop him.
. The same way most of the world is. Everybody loves Captain America." His last words were full of bitterness. Sometimes he just wants to be just Steve Rogers again. If anyone were to pay him any attention back when he was scrawny and unattractive, it was because that person genuinely liked him for being him.
"97. You said it yourself, you've watched them all with me. You gotta have a favourite," Steve says, nudging on the smaller man playfully.
"G'night, Steve."
sorry for the things I said earlier. I like you. A lot. I like everything about you, not just because you're .. hot as hell. That part is true, I took everything I had to push you away. But I got scared, and when I get that way I tend do turn into a manipulative asshole just to protect myself. You didn't deserve that, I was wrong, and I am sorry."
and the things Steve still wants Tony to do to him
It's now or never.
explained to him how biting horizontally into a whole bar of KitKat without breaking them makes one a sociopath. The archer further suggested trying it in front of Tony, knowing how the genius would claw his eyes out in horror.
Steve was such a dork that it became painfully adorable.
Crazy, could land him a good right hook to the jaw type of risks.
life after his temporary death.
"I feel great, actually. I can't thank you enough, Tony for pulling me out of my funk and getting me into therapy. It's been a heck of a journey and you've always been there with me. I actually came down here to ask you something. I hope it's not weird."
"I would rate this mission as a success, Captain. Mr. Stark is currently singing along to one of his favourite songs while he shuts down his workstation. He has requested for me to run a bath for him, and to ensure brand new sheets are put in place in the master bedroom, amongst other necessities."
"It was alright, wasn't it? Not too much? Is Tony happy? Is he having second-"
He suddenly breaks the silence.
that he'd ask out, without giving more away. He never held it against Tony for not reading further into those very vague lines. After all, tabloids were still writing about his great love story with Peggy even though his former flame went on to live a full,
The softness of Steve’s gaze when he reads the letters kids would write him was Tony’s favorite part of their routine and it was highly distracting.
"I'm not a dame," Steve suddenly blurts out, almost defensively.
Steve nods, flushing a soft shade of red. His eyes go astray. "I was 95lbs soaking wet back then. Nobody would look twice at me, unless they wanted me to pass a note to Bucky. The ladies thought I was a freak, the men would just beat me up. Never really stood a chance. After the serum, women just expected me to ask them out. After I woke up, people expected a lot more out of me. And well.. you know the rest."
All hell broke lose.
. Gosh he spelled my name with a Z! That makes me so much cooler, Jake, thank you,” Steve says, a palm across his ridiculously sculptured chest. “
He chews his lower lips, thinking, teasing. He runs a finger over Tony's lips, dragging down his lower lip before gently going in again, this time with more tongue.
The left shoe lands directly on Tony's face.
stressed." Steve stifles a laugh. "You know what he did after you left?"
"No, but I
“Hey,” Tony warns, stopping him. “You are not a burden. Alright? We talked about this. Don’t you ever think that way.”
He's madly in love with this man.
"JARVIS?"
"Just heading out to see my therapist," Steve says casually.
The gentleness sends a shiver down his body that turned electrical as it reaches his cock.
He stifles a laugh at the thought, trying not to draw attention to himself.
- checked on him? I can always make him another sandwich. But don’t tell him I’m asking. But don’t lie on my account? Just, you know, like the last time –“
This time, Tony tastes icing sugar. Oh he really should’ve left it with just the hug.
"Not just any kiss, Rogers," Tony adds, his eyes growing darker. "It's gotta be full on mouth on mouth, with lots of tongue and maybe a little action on the hood of the car. I also made sure the suspensions are upgraded to super soldier standards, you know, just in case," Tony winks. His voice narrating all the things he wants to do with Steve sends the jolt through the bumbling super soldier's body, and a low guttural moan escapes him as he closes his eyes and pictures Tony pining him down against the hood.
His luck for privacy runs out in two seconds. As he rummages through the fridge, he notices that he was wasn't alone. He recognises the weight of the footsteps, the boots padding across the kitchen floor. Steve curses mutedly.
"Netflix and chill?" Tony asks cheekily.
There was no one else in the elevator so he allows himself to swim in his thoughts while he smiled widely like a idiot.  He shifts from one leg to another, no longer trying to contain his imploding joy.  "Thanks, JARVIS," he manages before shoving his hands into his pocket. "What's he singing along to, by the way?"
The tears that were welding in his eyes spills over his cheeks.
"I didn't mean it like that," Tony says, horrified.
Tony stretches his mouth, guilty. "The fact that this ratty old couch actually feels decent is clear evidence how sore my back is." Tony stretches his arms and legs as far as they would go before releasing the tension altogether.
It was a good thing that Clint decided to abandon that sentence.
Steve's face splits into a goofy smile.
"Is that what you want?" Tony asks when he breaks for air, panting heavily. Steve groaned, mentally slapping himself for slipping out his thoughts again. He really can't get his bearings right around Tony. Not when they're like this. Tony chuckles at the sight of Steve battling himself. "Steve, baby. Talk to me. Come on. Tell me what you want. We don't have to do anything that you're not comfortable with. We can just k-"
Steve raises a perfect eyebrow as he welcomes Tony into his personal space. "Why would different rules apply?  What are you getting at?"
"Why'd you -" Tony starts to laugh, completely smitten by Steve's thoughtfulness. "Did you buy the whole store, Steve?"
"Hey, you said you thought I was pretty," Steve says, feigning annoyance but Tony definitely managed to wrest a smile out of him.
"How did I do?"
"You don't understand! We
Before long, the workshop had become
"The way I am. The way I ..
He ducks his face away and starts to shake his head. Tony's hair was fluffy, fresh, a stark contrast to the rest of his worn out body. A stray strand of hair brushes across his forehead. Tony's body language alarms Steve a little but the clear bright smile forming on his lips comforts the soldier's nerves. Steve waits for Tony to say something, and the genius does not disappoint when he looks into the blond's eyes.
Tony: No
This moment could change everything.
Without realising what he was doing, Tony had penned his thoughts down at the back of a 12 year old's letter. Safe to say, that poor fan never got a response from Captain America.
It took Steve all of his willpower not to press his mouth against Tony's wet, supple lips right there and then. Likewise, Tony had to bite the insides of his cheek to hold still. Eventually Steve manages to muster some self control and draws back. He pulls his henley to inspect and wasn't surprised to find oil stains across his ribcage. He glances at Tony affectionately, who returns him a smug look.
"I don't really wanna talk about it," Steve says before he chugs down fresh milk, spilling some down his chin.
"Stark asked JARVIS to hold the elevator and bring you right back up. He started yelling when JARVIS refused. Or couldn't do it. Privacy protocols and whatnot. He tried to mess with the system manually but he kinda stopped half way. JARVIS must have sent you down here instead."
Steve shakes his head lightly to get rid of the thought.
"Great. Wow. That was - easy." Steve's eyes pop, realising his words. "Not that you're easy. I meant I wasn't sure if, if you'd say yes. I'm glad you said yes."
the scent. He dares himself to look and catches the super content expression on Steve's face, like he was so happy to be there. He was even humming a pleasant tune while he built a nest of pillows.
Tony's eyebrows shoot up. "Really? I thought she was married?"
When he reaches the hangar where Tony keeps his collection of prized cars, he was greeted by loud music the moment the elevator doors open. Of course Tony had been blasting his rock music to the highest volume. Steve immediately recognises the song, one of the many that Tony would introduce to him from time to time. He watches Tony's foot tap lightly to the beat as his upper half disappears under the Camaro he had been working on for a while. Tony's tank top had ridden up a little, displaying a strip to tanned skin and lean abs.
The bond had become symbiotic.
"Why would I? Jesus, Steve."
"Tell me what I can do," Steve presses as gently as he can, desperate to keep his voice from shaking.
Steve motions for the interface to play the message.
"Tony, I.."
Steve looks at his half eaten chocolate bar and back to Tony. He hesitates before he does what he's told - he breaks one bar and bites into it. Carefully, with his eyes locked on Tony's, "Have I restored order in the universe yet?" Steve asks..
Steve may or may not have broken some traffic laws to get in and out of the city that evening.
Tony warns himself.He continued looking though, since it was in his line of vision – it’s a glorious view anyway.
"It's alright. We don't have to ever talk-"
The coffee machine at the common floor was actually the main reason why Tony agreed to take the detour. He needed his caffeine fix, regardless that he was running on borrowed time. When he reaches the floor, he finally understands why JARVIS had led him here.
When no immediate response was forthcoming, Steve puts on his leather jacket and pulls over his helmet before he starts the bike. His visor, which acts like a HUD courtesy of Tony, flashes the traffic news, weather forecast and surprisingly, a new voice message.
For once, he was being taken cared of. He didn't need to lead a charge.
Awkward silence.
"Why is this so easy for you?" Tony asks accusingly, his voice booming across the room.
He had fallen in love with a man, from the future, who was by far the most complex of persons he was ever going to meet in his new life, and said man was now staring at him like he had just taken the mickey out of him.
“No.”
"Ah," Steve parrots, a forgiving smirk on his lips. "I did eventually finish it. By myself, after the uh whole thing. I couldn't get past the song part without .. reacting." Steve thinks for a bit before he looks straight into Tony's dark eyes. "Does it make sense now?"
He was mortified.
Steve then forces himself to ask. "Was that ... too forward? I've never really .. I've never actually uh. I mean I've obviously kissed someone before. Once. Right before -" A frown line appears on his forehead and Tony could tell Steve was getting flashes in his head again.
"Somehow that word coming out of your mouth sounds -"
The first few weeks that Steve moved in, the pair barely interacted at all. It irked Tony because he was really trying to be nice yet Steve was the only one treating the billionaire like second choice Susan. Tony's biggest problem was that the Captain was infuriatingly polite and he didn't exactly do anything wrong. He was just a tad withdrawn, never staying longer than necessary during meal times and preferring isolation than the company of others.
When Steve finally reaches his floor, the first thing he did when the elevator doors open was to swing his powerful arms to toss his shoes as far as possible across the living area. For an unknown reason he had been looking forward to do that since he left the common floor.
"I'm sorry, I can't," Tony croaks, pushing Steve into the couch before getting up and turning his back against the super soldier.
Perhaps if Tony had continued to comb through
Steve thought his crush on Tony was ridiculous at first, one-sided at most. But their relationship has improved so much lately from the first time they met that the possibility of Steve reading the signs wrongly was nearly zero. The master tactician, fully aware of the risk he’s about to take, takes another deep breath.
Eventually, Tony learned about the insomnia. JARVIS picked up Steve's frequent visits to the roof of the Tower in the wee hours of the morning and this prompted Tony to go up there one night, only to find the 220lbs soldier standing by the ledge of the roof, choking back tears and shivering to the bones. It took a few tries for Steve to admit that that he suffered from panic attacks from time to time since he woke up, but it has increased exponentially since DC.
It was only then did he realise what a big mistake he had made. If Clint had been all over the vents for the past months, he would have known about their ritual this whole time and yet he had never said anything to anyone. Feeling like a dick and not wanting to risk the progress he's made with Steve (they were finally moving beyond just getting along to maybe something
“Sure baby. You take me to a dinner and I’ll take you to a movie. The stuff I like is usually quite dark though. You got any important visual triggers I should know of?” He asked, quietly freaking out that Tony had called back--and done it so quickly! The spring made its way back into his step.
“I hope your thing goes well. I’m sure you got it, though,” he positively assured. “Bye gorgeous,” he ended the phone call with a soft click. That went well… Right?
“Orange? Not yellow?” He let Steve take care of the buttons, raising an eyebrow when his shirt ended up around his wrists instead of completely off. He didn’t try to shake it off or pull his arms back in front of him though, willing to wait a bit for the chance to touch back. He did shift his weight onto one foot and start bouncing the other one a little to give his normal anxious movements an outlet so he could stay mostly still.
“I play piano. And violin.” He blushed a little and sat up a little, though he didn’t pull away from Steve at all. “I like restoring cars. Fixing them up, refinishing them, that sort of thing. Racing. I’ve done that a couple times. And I work on AIs when I can. They’re a lot more fun than building stuff that goes boom.”
“You’re right - I really am in a sinkhole. How are you not permanently stuck in this?” He asked incredulously.
“Hey, buddy. This is Steve.”
“You’re worth waiting for,” the words hung heavy in the air for a moment or two before adding “I don’t really have a cute accent, but I can tell you I only have eyes for my partner in relationships so you don’t need to worry about not having my attention. I’m quite able to devote all of that to you.” He answered generously.
