“Sherlock Holmes, man, never thought I’d get to meet you.” The bright-eyed, roguishly handsome man comes around to extend a hand before him. “Gus. Kenworthy.” His last name comes like an afterthought, and Sherlock watches as he blushes a bit, shaking his head.
“I don’t care about the bedspread, lie back,” and John did as told, slowly easing himself down on the bed. Sherlock hissed when he slipped out, but then he unfurled, knees cracking as he struggled up onto them and spread himself out over John. “Yes,” he hissed before dipping and sucking John down in one, lewd slurp.
Sherlock took photos of the pertinent pages and the canisters of wax with his mobile and then set off to find John. It had been quiet for some time, and John couldn’t have gotten far. He was just about to close the case back up when his mobile buzzed.
Fantastic, someone who recognizes them; John wonders how quickly news of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson sharing a quaint, boutique room in the countryside will take to make it into the blogosphere. A thought like this would have annoyed him, before. Now, he can barely pay it any mind, for the idea of he and Sherlock sharing quarters is a much more pressing thought.
There was silence in the tram for a time before one of the male techs broke the silence, “And it’s been a fucking amazing time working with you, Sherlock.”
He can’t really eat, not with the prospect of touching Sherlock’s skin on the very-near horizon. How can he do anything at all, anticipating peeling Sherlock out of his clothes, pressing their mouths together, taking Sherlock’s cock in hand?
John rolls his eyes again; of course overt displays of emotion would knock Sherlock into some sort of robotic, nonsensical diatribe. “What the hell are you saying, Sherlock?” There’s no heat in the question, just honest inquiry.
John’s other hand came around to grip at Sherlock’s forearm, holding them flush against one another.
“Alright.” John stooped down and slid his arms beneath Sherlock’s trying to help him to his feet. “Come to my room, we’ll get you sorted; you sure you’re not hurt?”
John sends back, realizes how ludicrous his response is and cringes. He hasn’t looked at the image fully yet but he does now, leaning closer to his screen to get a better angle.
“Because it’s true?” John ventures and with a bit of effort, slides down from the sofa to sit next to Sherlock on the hard floor, a foot of space between them. Sherlock purses his lips, but raises  his glass as John picks his up, and they touch them together in a tacit understanding.
“I found solace in my routine,” Sherlock says. “Waxing, working with my techs. At the top of the slope, it’s easier to feel alone, and when I’m alone, I’m in my element.”
Sherlock hurled a pillow in John’s direction as hard as he could manage, but John was able to escape unscathed. “Don’t forget to ice that foot!” he called over his shoulder before rushing to close the door behind him.
John shakes his head a bit and lifts his hands to the table as Sherlock struggles out of his coat. “You. Know the proprietor?” John isn’t upset; he has a small smile on his face. “How do you know the proprietor?”
In the present, Sherlock finds himself arrested by Kenworthy’s open and affable manner, his wide grin causing Sherlock to relax a bit. “The new face of Team USA skiing,” he acknowledged. “Pleasure to meet you.”
It’s an easy trip from that realization to imagining long Sundays warm in bed with Rosie situated between them, dinners out that are fraught with tension and end in tender lovemaking, days spent marinating in the knowledge of their shared feelings, doing nothing at all in particular.
Glancing up at the large board in the wall, he saw that he was sixth in the lineup. He’d have a bit of time to wait, but that was fine. Turning to his team, Sherlock motioned for them all to come over; they huddled around him, all in various stages of restrained excitement.
John’s brow furrows at that, and he rereads the last line of text. Could it be that Guest is a man? Could Guest be referring to the convention that “women are attracted to men with dogs”? John knows that this isn’t necessarily the case but he’s heard the line enough times to think that perhaps this is what Guest is referring to.
“That you have something to do with this!” Greg bit out, voice pinched. John sighed and their gazes locked across the room. “I suppose I’m not surprised that this happened, and Moriarty is likely feeding this rumor in his own way...”
They hobble into the loo and Sherlock deposits John onto the toilet and turns on the taps. “I’ll just...” Sherlock begins, and disappears. John can hear his tread, faster than usual, carrying him up the steps to John’s room. As he waits, John considers the fact that he’s not worried about Sherlock rooting around his room, he’s not worried that Sherlock knows exactly what to bring back down so that John may bathe properly. He’s not worried at all about how well Sherlock knows him.
“Yeah,” Greg admitted, over his shoulder. “But if there’s no one to hug you at the finish line you’re going to look like a bit of an arsehole. Doing you a favor, mate.”
He has no words; he wants to say something scathing, get her to leave, but he finds that he doesn’t want to be alone with his thought. How Molly knows this is entirely a mystery to him, but he finds himself walking towards her, the two of them rounding the corner in the direction of Baker Street.
There was an a long moment that felt like an eon as John sized him up; everything went startlingly quiet, his inner monologue seeming calamitous in juxtaposition.
The course is Sochi has been said to be one of not only immense difficulty but of immense danger. When I ask Holmes of his level of excitement he tells me only, “I’m ready.”
“Mmm, she’s gay,” John confirms aloud and watches for Sherlock’s reaction. “Still, brilliant deduction, my sister
“Sorry.” John feels the blush threatening to creep up his face and grabs his icy glass in order to stave it off.
Looking down at his neatly-folded clothes, he realized he had nothing clean to wear. The trousers were stiff and unpleasant from having been worn for such a long duration, and his shirt was regrettably beginning to smell a bit ripe. He picked his pants out of the pile and wondered if he could get away with wearing so little while he slept next to someone who, though compelling, was still very nearly a stranger.
Going into the games at Sochi, this had become more of a problem for him. The tabloids had been after him for years, dropping bylines that hinted at a homosexual lifestyle, guessing at the identity of his possible lovers. It was never anything but conjecture, but the recent headlines regarding Russia’s anti-gay stance had the press at it again, questioning for the umpteenth time what Sherlock Holmes’s sexual preference was and would it be a problem for him at the games?
John boxes up the rest of his meal and opts to go for a long walk, not just to help him digest, but to help him fill his head with something other than the
Sherlock says nothing in regard to the fact that they’ll be sharing a room, just shifts his duffle higher on his shoulder and says, “Room twelve,” and starts off, leaving John to follow behind—and he does just that.
It was, in his opinion, all rather tedious, so he did his level best to ignore the constant prying into his personal life. Besides, beyond skiing there honestly wasn’t much to wonder about. He lived alone in a modest home in Lake Tahoe when he was training, and when he wasn’t, he could be found in his flat in central London putting his degree in chemistry to odd use, experimenting with whatever struck his fancy, causing his landlady all number of issues. His fans found his pastime “charming,” while he found his fans’ interest in him nothing but an annoyance.
For a moment there is silence, Molly halting halfway across the room. Sherlock stares at John, looks his fill, from the tips of his shoes to the top of his head and John swears he sees a ghost of a smile flicker across Sherlock’s mouth. “Perhaps some other time. Molly has the samples I need and they’re quite time sensitive.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums again and then lets it go. He’s warm and safe in the cradle of John’s arms. He has someone who loves him, he has a sport that he still finds excitement in even if he can’t actively participate, and he is making in-roads in his detecting. He feels selfish, finding himself at such a low point when he has so much to be glad for.
“You could answer your bloody phone,” Greg said when he’d entered, hands on hips. “The press? They’re going nuts. This insanity--all the injuries, the death!--it doesn’t happen, and the way you took off after the race? It doesn’t look good.”
“Hah.” John passed the back of his hand over his brow and tugged at one of the stacked pillows, dragging it across the bed to flop down on it. It took them both a moment but Sherlock cleaned them up with a handful of tissues and though they were in need of a shower, Sherlock silently decided that it could wait until the absolutely delicious, encroaching afterglow wore off.
It had made John’s heart cleave. And in that moment, he’d wanted, more than ever before, to be really together, finally.
“And it’s terrible, I know, I’m just wondering if this wouldn’t be better left for after the downhill is over. If you find something,
Lestrade saunters back in with two cups in his hands and plunks one down on the desk before Sherlock; he’d waved Lestrade off earlier but now as the scent wafts up to him, he finds he quite does want coffee. “Thank you.”
How spectacularly simple of him, how ridiculous. They’d shared a short chat on the plane and nothing more; Sherlock couldn’t possibly fathom why he’d become so invested in the man.
Sherlock dipped his head suddenly, seeking out John’s lips and John obliged, their mouths slotting together just as eagerly as they had before. Sherlock didn’t step forward to urge the moment further and John stood his ground, hands still warm, covering Sherlock’s chest. It faded, Sherlock nipping one last time at John’s lower lip before pulling back to grin down at him. “Thank you for coming by this evening.”
Chicken tikka--his favorite dish--is delivered steaming, with a bowl of rice and a plate of naan. He knows that it looks delicious, but it smells like the color beige to him and tastes like cardboard. He only eats it because he knows that he needs sustenance.
“Hey Molly!” John greeted, ducking to kiss her on the cheek and she burst into tears again, startling John.
Making his way through the sliding glass doors, Sherlock resolved to wake early and make use of the gym, perhaps get in a good workout on the leg press machine. He had five days before his competition was slated to start, which meant he could continue his limited training regimen for a bit longer without risking harm to his body.
Sherlock immediately pulled away, wiping his fingers haphazardly on the bedsheet and poured a small pool of slick into the center of his palm. “How?” Sherlock asked breathlessly, his fingers wrapping around his length, giving it a few glorious pumps.
The black cloud that had threatened to storm over his mind palace recedes as he steps onto the elevator. “Lunch. Yes.”
“And I assume that you know my limits,” John continues. It’s been a year; they’ve been through a lot, and many, many lines have been drawn. But John isn’t sure that this particular point has been driven home. “I would say that, well, not many flatmates would be willing to put up with body parts in the fridge, yeah? So clean up after yourself.”
Sherlock blinked once, caught Molly surreptitiously watching Lestrade out of the corner of her eye from where she stood waiting for her drink at the bar, and reconsidered. “Nothing.”
“John,” he called nearly desperate, just before the man had disappeared down the corridor towards his room. He turned and looked back at Sherlock with a hopeful expression. “I did,” Sherlock swallowed thickly, suddenly quite nervous. “Have fun, that is.”
“Greg is my ex-coach and Molly is a member of my prep team,” Sherlock explained, slowly losing what little patience he had left.
John smiled and then tilted his gaze in Sherlock’s direction. “Hmmm, coming off two broken ribs in November and a weak right knee? Fairly certain I could take you.” John winked and closed his eyes, set his seat back into a reclining position and didn’t say anything more. Sherlock was surprised at John’s ability to volley a challenge and then sit back while it took its effect.
want to be the best, Sherlock.” He spelled it out carefully, seemingly unsure himself of his own words.
John’s grin was magnificent. “Yeah, I’m going to need you to play for me, and soon. Those fingers… doing that…”
“Shut your mouth,” John said sternly. “I’d kiss you if my mouth wasn’t so,” he gestured weakly at his face. “No one’s taking the blame for this; Moriarty’s a madman, so just… shut up.”
“Nice to see you again… John, was it?” Lestrade cuts in, oblivious to the scene unfolding before him
And what he’s managed to deduce. The seemingly innocuous things that Sherlock has picked up on, that his mind has deemed important enough to draw his attention to.
Sherlock always craved it, needed it, the rush, the danger, the adrenaline. To think that he hadn’t exuded
All he can hope for is that John can accept what has happened. And how odd, he finds, that he wants to be the very best version of himself for John Watson. How keenly perplexing.
“Sure you’re okay to go, boss?” Molly asked. She touched the side of his face lightly, just below the bruising, but Sherlock only nodded.
A feeling prickles the hair on the back of his neck, something that rankles him. Sherlock feels as though he’s missing something, but he can’t quite determine what that something is. A deduction struggles to form completely in the halls of his mind, but it’s not quite fully developed yet.
It was when John slipped his fingers back around, abandoning Sherlock’s sac to press teasingly at the ring of muscle just behind that Sherlock’s arousal peaked. “God,” he grit out, “It’s, I’m going to…”
“John,” Sherlock begins, voice low, words impeded somewhat by the duvet he has tucked up to just beneath his nose.
They poured out of the bar in the late hours of the evening, light with drink and good humor, the time having gone past midnight. Molly was doing her best to keep her arm through Greg’s as he gestured wildly at the climax of a story. What the story was about Sherlock couldn’t rightly say, as he wasn’t paying attention; the color of the flecks in John’s hair as they picked up the muted neon of the bar sign was too distracting.
“Nothing, I… just had a, nevermind.” John tidies the space in front of him briefly, pushing all of the bits of sugar wrapper into a little pile. “We don’t have to be friends, but I shouldn’t be a dick back to you. So. Sorry, goodnight, if you could,” and John motions with his hands for Sherlock to shoo.
His bottom lip trapped between his teeth, Sherlock panicked, trying to think of something to keep John close, to see him sooner, rather than later. “Or, perhaps, you might join me for dinner?” The words were out of his mouth before he considered how they might be received.
“I brought bubbles,” he says, holding a champagne bottle in one hand and a bottle of bath bubbles in the other.
John smiled goofily back at him, managing to right his balance. “So, Greg, you headed back to the hotel?”
John sighed at the touch and leaned his head back to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “Bath, and then I’ll retape your ribs and then a nap and then…”
“I believe that I took you home,” Sherlock rumbles after a moment, jostling his leg against John’s. John giggles, tilting his head in agreement.
John frowns at himself, wonders what exactly he has to lose and stands, clutching his cane. “Yeah, yeah alright.” He tosses the rest of his takeaway in a nearby bin and follows Mike out onto the pavement.
“Right,” John said and raised his hand up to signal for the waiter. “We eat and then we break and enter.”
John’s thumb finds a nipple just as the pad of Sherlock’s swipes against the head of his own prick and that throws John off, he stutters and stills. “Jesus, s’not gonna take long, then,” he says as though to himself, in wonder.
The chilly wind whips at him as he meanders the rest of the way to the restaurant, a strange sort of calm having overtaken him. Sherlock places an order and then relaxes back into his seat, content for a moment to just bask in the comfort and strength of his relationship with John, in what he feels. They’re unstoppable, effervescent, incredible together.
He pauses, fanning through the sheaf. After a sigh, he holds them up for Sherlock. “This is just financials from 2008, before we went with the Excel spreadsheets.”
,” Sherlock spits the word, “any further, you might check the record of that particular surgeon on staff, once you find her.”
“Gotta say, I must have rewatched your race in the Sochi final, like, twenty times. That was amazing. And the first Brit to medal, how’d that feel?”
“Maybe it’s that you’ve been training for so long that your body is on autopilot. Maybe it’s the course itself, maybe it’s a lot of things but, yeah. Just, I can’t believe I don’t have
Sherlock turned away from the crowd and squeezed his eyes shut, pressing his teeth together hard, seeing bursts of bright red behind his eyelids; he felt off-kilter and slightly shaken, and he curled his hands into fists lest they begin to tremble with nerves.
, so. Moriarty is everywhere in the news and then there’s his connection to you, and then there are the photos of you and I together... so it’s not exactly a secret. They’ve laid off in the past few hours, though.”
“What are you doing on the floor?” John Watson asked, doctorly concern coloring his voice; he looked just about as tired as Sherlock felt and for a beat, Sherlock allowed himself to simply look up at him. “Are you hurt?”
Sherlock nods his head once and then walks around the bed and climbs in quickly and efficiently. John takes a moment to take it in–Sherlock reclining in bed, sleepy and soft–before he follows suit.
High-quality, not designer but pressed this morning. John looks good, well put together. It’s… distracting. Sherlock’s gaze darts up to meet John’s eyes; he’s been staring too long.
“I am,” John murmured, walking up to Sherlock’s personal space and placing a wet, open-mouthed kiss on his neck. “Fucking a gold medalist, lucky me.”
The announcement came first in Russian and then, “Ladies and gentleman, the bronze medallist, Bode Miller of the United States of America!” The crowd went wild and Miller ducked to accept the medal around his neck, punching the air when he straightened.
“Oh,” John said, a little surprised but mostly amused; his eyes crinkled in good humor and his tongue peeked to wet his lower lip. “So you are a dick. Good to know some of the press got it right.” He shook his head and laughed, dipped his chin towards Sherlock as though conceding a point. “But you know all that from… what, the delegation dossier?”
“Sherlock, damn, are you and he- I mean, are you and John…” Swiping a hand over his face, he secured the other at the swell of his hip and locked his gaze on a point just beyond Sherlock’s right shoulder. “Is this a thing?”
“So you keep saying,” Sherlock said darkly. “I would reconsider what you believe you have to do where I am concerned.”
Dramatically, he pitches himself still-clothed, face-down on the bed and groans. “Idiot,” he says before rolling onto his back and kicking off his shoes. “You idiot,” he says once more and wrangles the blankets around himself, resolving to wallow in his own inability to deduce that it was John in the first place.
Sherlock immediately stands and swoops back over to the table, taking his previously abandoned seat. “I didn’t lie, and I
of the murderer and it clicks with him. He can’t help but sound impressed when he speaks again. “The Camden Garrotter, you mean?”
With the help of Greg, Sherlock scheduled his sit-down interview with NBC and Bob Costas and one with Sue Barker and Mike Baker from the BBC. He was approached and interviewed quickly by several journalists for print pieces. ESPN cornered him about getting soundbites for a piece they were doing for a documentary series on Olympians and then he was being whisked away by a course official, towards the podium area.
Sherlock pulls back, only slightly, and shimmies back until his arse if resting gently on John’s thighs. His forehead drops, resting against John’s and they breathe together. “That felt… too simple.”
“Maybe stop talking and do it,” John challenges and Sherlock does, angles his lips against John’s and their mouths open, easily, and there’s nothing chaste about it. Sherlock’s fingers dig into John’s hip and John shuffles closer, his hands reaching to slip and tangle in Sherlock’s hair.
“Oh,” John breathed, surprised, leaning back into the arm of the couch, looking haggard and stunned all at once. “Jesus. Yeah I… yeah.”
And he’s a proud, out, exceptionally-talented Olympic athlete; why shouldn’t he be allowed to preen a bit?
Who better to speak with than a person who has proved himself to be intelligent and present and has a very obvious moral code that he’s not afraid to rely on? Sherlock could do with someone like that; Sherlock could do with interacting with someone so unlike himself.
Sherlock Holmes is a terrible man, to do this to someone he cares about, and for his own personal gain. He’s a selfish, deceitful, egomaniacal waste of a man, certainly not of the moral calibre that someone like John Watson deserves.
“Oh,” Moriarty cried, high-pitched and mocking, holding his hands up in a defensive posture. “Is this your protector Sherlock? Brought him along because you were afraid of something? Of me?” The hut had once again gone silent, Moriarty spinning around, palms up in the center of the large space. “You’re both so adorable. Sherlock, you have
“John is on his way, I believe and he said-” Sherlock paused abruptly as Greg waggled his eyebrows at him.
John shrugs mentally and as he breaks off a piece of the scone, the man at his left scoffs, presumably at something he’s read. John doesn’t engage but does glance over using his peripheral vision and sees the man frowning, staring out at the traffic. He feels distinctly awkward and takes a sip of his coffee, willing the man silently to move along.
John remembers to shut down his laptop before he gets ready for bed. When he drifts off, he sleeps solidly for five hours before he’s woken by the need to use the toilet and he manages another fretful two hours afterward.
Sherlock’s mind immediately supplies him with a rather lurid image of John in his rugby kit, muddy and sweaty. “Ah. Well.”
Sherlock is rarely genuinely flirty, and so John is caught off guard by it, feels like he’s being buffeted by some unseen wind. Regardless, it delights him, this so-clearly open and anticipatory Sherlock. This person whose heart he’s so carefully guarded for years now, is making it plain that he too has been guarding John’s heart in turn.
It’s been his life’s work, something he’d been gearing towards since he was young. The weight of the loss of competition hadn’t hit him full force until being back in the Olympic Village, what a hole it left in him. He’s not prepared for this: the influx of emotion, the stark, vivid memories barrelling down at him.
“The rumors, Sherlock,” John stepped up, flush to the machine, the cacophony of the gym shielding their conversation. “Are they true?”
Greg arrived at Sherlock’s room early on Thursday, a protein shake in one hand, a coffee in the other. “I’ve come to handle you,” he said by way of greeting, pressing his way into the suite. “Mycroft rang and said he’s dealt with most of the press, whatever the hell that means, but I don’t trust that some arsehole journalist isn’t going to try to get at you.”
For years Sherlock had had his suspicions that Moriarty was tampering with his skis; he wasn’t sure how, perhaps he’d altered the skis himself, a violation of World Cup rules. Unfortunately, if Sherlock were to make the claim against Moriarty and be incorrect about it, the backlash would be positively scathing. He’d seen it happen before and the skier had been laughed off of the circuit, falling out of the sport entirely.
John takes a moment to gather himself back together, and flicks his eyes open on a satisfied sigh to find Sherlock gazing down at him. He’s a bit surprised to find that the tips of Sherlock’s sticky fingers are in his hair, stroking delicately, and he doesn’t mind one bit. John’s mouth curves into a half smile, and he can tell from how it feels on his face, he must look absolutely goofy.
“Listen,” John began cautiously, slipping his hands into the pockets of his jeans. “Stay here tonight, get some rest, you shouldn’t… don’t sleep in the lobby. I’m sure you have a workout in the morning and then the opening ceremonies… you should really get some real sleep. In a bed.”
them to death, Christ--he would have to ensure that they were silent, as to not attract the attention of anyone in the hallway.
John responds so quickly that Sherlock wonders if he’s waiting on Sherlock’s replies. The simple act of wondering that causes Sherlock to shiver. Is it possible that John5NF is as excited as he is to send and receive these emails? It’s so appealing to think about, it’s ridiculous to hope that John feels the same way, but…
With an audible swallow, and a fleeting look at Sherlock’s face in profile, he returns to his box. There are several newspapers, which he flips through, before he finds a neon pink post-it note stuck to an advertisement for chimney liners. “Sherlock, what’s this?”
“Should we…” John finds himself licking his lips and giving Sherlock a very slow once over, so that there’s no mistaking his intentions. He watches as Sherlock swallows, his mouth to peeking open, something like expectation lingering in the movement.
“Sorry,” John says, but he’s not. “I mean. If you want to, you can…” But John doesn’t want him to stop, John wants to know everything, everything about Sherlock. He wants this conversation to mean something, wants it to be the catalyst for more.
“Yeah, alright,” he returned, equally as soft, slipping his hands back out from his pockets to place them gently over Sherlock’s pectorals. “I’ll be there.”
Those days away together, alone save for the case, were something John craved so viscerally that he was nearly embarrassed by it.
The race official came over and told him that they were prepared for him to enter the area beside the gate; Sherlock hadn’t even noticed when the area had begun to empty out, hadn’t even registered the countdown beeps. He was fifth from the starting line and he took a seat on one of the long, heated benches, staring down at his skis.
“I suppose I should be happy that he’ll be choosing the place; I can’t imagine what I’d do if he didn’t like the food at Mr. Chan’s. I’d be devastated. But that means that I care what he thinks about the things I like,” Sherlock stops again, as though the notion has caused his legs to cease functioning.
“But you let me,” Sherlock said curiously, more for his own benefit than for John’s, and the two of them stood there on the pavement in silence as Sherlock retreated into his mind to puzzle out that bit of information.
“Mmmhmm,” John hums backs, slipping his fingers out, a moment later pressing the head of his cock against Sherlocks rim, rubbing up and down, minutely. “Yeah?”
Sherlock’s shoulder had gone from throbbing to numb; his fingers were cold and he couldn’t move them. Circulation to his arm had been cut off entirely, bent at such an odd angle. “That’s your handwriting in the ledger, isn’t it? Your tackle box? Your prints all over it? He doesn’t do any of the dealings himself, does he? Moriarty distances himself, so when it all goes wrong, he can’t be implicated. Doesn’t he?” Sherlock knew it to be true but posed it as questions, aware that if he laid it out plainly, Moran would come to the conclusion he to which he was desperately trying to draw him.
“I don’t mean to downplay the importance of our uncovering evidence on him, but we’ve all night for that,” Sherlock breathed, bringing a hand up, his thumb stroking against the hair at John’s nape.
“Fuck.” John’s eyes slam closed and then immediately pop back open. For a brief second he stares at Sherlock in wonder and then he’s kissing him, tongue slipping past his lips, licking. “Yeah,” he puffs into Sherlock’s mouth. “Yeah.”
What a foolish idea, he reminded himself after a moment. Surely they would notice if a window had been
He rights himself before cracking his eyes open and looking up at Sherlock. He’s wearing the strangest expression, and John can’t quite decipher it. It makes him feel...
John doesn't quite know what to say. He honestly hasn’t looked at all, fearful that he’ll either end up feeling like a failure because he can’t perform surgery anymore, or looking down his nose at the jobs he’s actually qualified for. “Oh,” he says instead. “You know, finding things here and there. I’ll have to find something soon. Can’t live in London on just the army pension.”
“Going to sound a bit bonkers, I think,” John sighed and shimmed back against Sherlock’s leg, propping himself up just the slightest bit. Sherlock hummed in response, still preoccupied with his thoughts.
Padding out into the kitchen, he’s glad that Sherlock is engaged at his laptop; he’s not sure that Sherlock would allow him to live this down. Foregoing his evening cup of tea, he makes to mount the steps and avoid the possibility of Sherlock noticing.
The desk clerk disappeared behind a partition momentarily and then appeared holding a large box full of identical room keys; she looked triumphant. “One of these is your key, we will find it.”
“Can try,” John says on an inhale and walks his fingers across the duvet flicks at the nipple he can reach. Sherlock’s hand stutters and then resumes.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to say it, doesn’t know how to vocalize that he wants to keep John with him on cases, like this, and thus he’s playing nice.  “This is the bit where I tell you,
He was stopped a few times along the way by timid fans and he did his best to retain his cool and smile in the photographs that were requested of him. There was no doubting that he was a conspicuous character with his shock of black hair and firm, lean body folded into his coat. His trademark Ray-Bans were also a dead giveaway, and even now in the torch-illuminated night he wore them. It had occurred to him before that if he altered his appearance he might be able to slip through the various events he attended with a bit more ease, but at this point in his life Sherlock couldn’t be bothered with the effort it would take to ensure anonymity. So he smiled and nodded as best he could and signed photographs. (He drew a line at the fan mail, however, which was attended to by his agent and was responded to - to the best of his knowledge - with a form letter and a glossy, mass-produced, signed photograph.)
Sherlock hums, looks out across the restaurant for a long moment, before returning his attention to their table. “Is there—” Sherlock starts haltingly mentions, running his forefinger along the stem of the glass; he’s a bit off-kilter, and it’s very apparent in the way he pauses, the way his voice wavers ever-so, but he recovers, “—the possibility of that tonight? You... taking me home?” Their gazes lock, the intimacy ratcheting up immensely.
Back against the pillow, with John’s mouth peppering kisses on his neck and chin, he let’s out a gust of a sigh. “Christ.”
John purses his lips in surprise and clicks yes without a second thought, a gentle thrill raising his body to full awareness.
Phillip stood off to the side while the others set about getting Sherlock’s poles, gloves and goggles fitted properly. He wouldn’t put the skis on until the very last moment, lest he undo any of Molly’s hard work.
He shimmied until he found a comfortable position, curling an arm up under the pillow, his front to John’s back. He could just make out the line of the other man’s spine underneath his thin, cotton tee shirt. “It won’t do…” Sherlock whispered and John stirred, head maneuvering just a shade towards Sherlock’s voice.
“Ohhh, NBC, I’d be upset that they gathered us all together to show us off if we weren’t all so attractive,” is how Adam Rippon-voice somehow withering but iengaging— introduces himself to Sherlock.
“Thanks Mike and uhm, thanks for bringing John in. And thanks John, I mean,” she rolls her eyes at herself. “I’ll be uhm, emailing you soon.”
Sherlock knows that John has been making the most of his time in South Korea, spending the past two evenings over at the biathlon course.
Sherlock set his mouth in a firm line; perhaps he shouldn’t have said a thing. He was so spectacularly
“Come with me,” John says simply, slowly, like he knows Sherlock isn’t going to get it. To John’s credit, Sherlock really isn’t understanding it at all. “To lunch.”
“John,” Sherlock said into the skin of his neck, tongue pressing flat and firm against John’s carotid. “Would you like to spend the night?”
They wind up taking a cab to Molly’s local and Molly orders them both a glass of wine, something Sherlock is grateful for; he’s not sure that he could stomach lager. They’re silent for a bit, Molly content to watch the other patrons around them, Sherlock staring down into the depths of his glass.
It’s forecasted to be the first pleasant bank holiday of the year and the Welsh countryside is crawling with locals and tourists alike, just itching for a much-anticipated glimpse of spring sunlight. The land beginning to turn green—spring green—the sort of hue that makes your eyes squint as though they’re processing color for the very first time. Families with young children run roughshod over the fledgling, mossy spaces, and couples stroll along the recently-hewn asphalt pathways, dodging puddles.
“I can pay you,” Sherlock wheezed, just loud enough to hear over the crunch of bone; disappointed with himself for not having thought of this tactic before, Sherlock shifted, his shoulder rolling beneath him and his face tipping upward. He felt ill in the moment--terror churning in his belly--half from expending so much energy attempting to speak and half from imagining what Moran was doing to John. “I can pay you
His last thought before drifting off to an exhausted sleep, was how overwhelmingly grateful he was, to be alive, for the people in his life, for everything.
“Hmph,” John agrees, pulling away, out, a mess all over the duvet. Bare bodies against the rumpled sheets, heaving chests. Sherlock flails an arm out and the back of his hand lands squarely in the center of John’s chest with a thwack.
himself. Hates that John hadn’t been excited to see him. God, he’d been waiting for Guest and all he got was…
His mouth curved into another quick smile, Sherlock stood from the couch and retrieved his laptop, bringing it over for John to see. “This is much of what I discovered this morning. No concrete evidence but surely enough for us to be going on.”
, he decides as he laces his fingers together and tents his palms outwards, cracking his knuckles. He truly hasn’t felt this good in what seems like a lifetime. Almost of their own volition, his fingers open up his email and without even bothering to check his new mail, he’s opening a compose box.
“Though Hoslinger got his hands on a pair of the demos. Nearly the exact same model, the bastard,” Phillip mentioned, finally standing up. “Must have cost him a pretty penny too; they assured me you’d be the only athlete they’d be trusting them to.”
Lestrade’s affirmative confirmation caused much of the tension to drain from Sherlock’s body and he found himself excited as he made his way over to where Philip had laid out his skis. They were gleaming in the sunshine, the man slicking a cloth over the surface one final time. “One final check of all of the equipment, please,” Sherlock directed.
Sherlock wanted so badly to touch him, to make his way across the room and take John in his arms. He wanted to be a balm to his wounds, apologize for the mess he’d gotten them into, swear that he would spend his life making it up to John. Instead, he said, “Shut up, just conserve your energy, we’ll, we’ll-”
John peeked an eye open and then the other, glancing at Sherlock with an expression that bordered on impressed, though Sherlock couldn’t be sure; John seemed to be just as hesitant to engage Sherlock as Sherlock had been to engage him. He pursed his lips and sighed, folding his hands in his lap and making a very obvious display of giving Sherlock a onceover of his own. “Perhaps I didn’t want to.”
Sherlock’s nose just brushed John’s jawline and he watched on as John’s Adam’s apple bobbed with the force of his swallow. “Sure that’s what you want?” And Sherlock could feel the reverberations of the words against his lips. “Just FYI, you won’t be rid of me easily if you take me to bed.”
“No?” Sherlock asks and then pivots around John, en route to the bed, but stops briefly to swat lightly at John’s arse.
to be. Sherlock could abide a lot of things, but Jim Moriarty being a better skier than he was, truly and actually, couldn’t be possible. Doing his best to relax his jaw and look at ease, knowing that the cameras would likely focus on him just after Moriarty crossed the finish line, Sherlock shifted his eyes to the clock that was flicking away the milliseconds.
He looked through the drawers and the wardrobe and the cupboard, finding nothing but neatly hung and folded items of clothing. There was an extra pair of ski boots lined against a wall that, after close inspection, turned out to be completely normal.
With that, he leaves Baker Street and hails a cab, eager to get to Soho, and realizes belatedly that he likely should have let John know that he’s acquaintances with the proprietor of the establishment.
Carefully, he rested his forehead on John’s shoulder. John’s hands went to the small of his back and he held Sherlock to him, silently, for a time. After a while he sighed, running a hand over Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock pulled his face away and smiled affectionately down at John.
Sherlock hummed aloud, physically moving his hands through the air and moving those thoughts aside. He moved on instead to his training for the morning, meting it out in his mind, down to the minute. When he was through organizing his thoughts it was still early in the evening.
“Oh, yes, all of that too.” Moriarty waved his hand through the air as though the bribery was of no consequence. “Illicit substances do tend to fetch a lot of money on the black market. Imagine my
His face twists with indecision as he reads his reply and then he slams his eyes shut, bites his lip and hits the ‘send’ button before he can second guess himself.
Molly stands back while Sherlock takes note of abrasions and impact points. He dons a pair of latex gloves and feels out the breaks in the bones, the sharp angles of the body. It’s all fairly interesting, and by the time he’s done and pulled out his small notebook, he’s a wealth of new information. It takes him some time to take it all down, and he does so methodically, from toes to top of the head and begs Molly’s assistance in flipping the man so he can view the deceased’s back.
about Guest. He doesn’t know Guest at all, but he knows that pets are animals that their owners generally
On a whim, John clicks on the link for ‘trauma’ and is taken to a page where there are options for message boards or the live, open chat that is currently ongoing. He selects the ‘Chat with us now!” link and the screen flickers and opens on a page that is instantly updating with user responses and inquiries.
His thumb hovers over ‘reply’ for a good, few moments before he actually taps it. And when he does, the blinking cursor mocks him. There and gone and there and gone. What on earth does he say to
He flung off his sweats and pulled on clean work out gear, knowing he would find at least a bit of solace in the gym. Slinging a bag with a towel and water bottle over his shoulder, Sherlock flung open the door and went to charge out of the room but was stopped by a large hand pressing forcefully into the front of his chest.
“Thought you might have a-” John struggles to straddle Sherlock, using Sherlock’s shoulders once more to steady himself, and when he has, he gently lowers his backside to Sherlock’s thighs. “Leather fetish.”
Complying, Sherlock snags a pillow and stacks it beneath his hips, after which John almost immediately settles his palms against the globes of his arse. “Bit higher,” he directs and Sherlock reaches out to shove another pillow beneath himself.
“But you don’t let people look too closely,” Sherlock supplied before he had a moment to think about it. The words shocked John, who snapped his mouth shut, smile sliding from his face.
Sherlock watched John’s lips twist in a smile. After his success at the Olympic Games, Sherlock had become a bit of a heroic figure at home. John had become the recipient of rants on that very subject via text message; he always replied, You can’t still be surprised that people love you, to which Sherlock never responded.
There are a dozen subheadings and John assesses the website overall. It seems well-laid-out and as though it gets a decent amount of traffic. Convinced, he clicks on a link that states he can create a profile and begin “adding to the discussion.” He spends some time working on that, deciding what information to give; he may have been abroad getting shot at for the past few years, but he does know that there’s been an uptick in identity theft.
Sherlock’s face, a mask of sincere conviction, “Nothing would… honor, John. It would be my absolute honor and joy.”
: Then why end this? Wait three weeks, we can meet, and then, if it’s all awful and we find that we’re not the people we thought the other was,
John chuckles at that, grabbing the bottle down. “Says the man who still cannot seem to remember that Mercury is a planet…”
Fingers tightening on the poles, he hunkered down, mind blissfully blank as he got as close to the gate pole as possible. There was one beep, then two, and then Sherlock exploded out of the gate. His legs felt as though they were on autopilot the second they hit the snow, shifting and conforming to the twist of Sherlock’s hips.
Sherlock pursed his lips as his arms twitched and he glanced into the distance, over John’s right shoulder. “I abhor speaking on the phone; I prefer to text.”
Sherlock turned his gaze sharply to Lestrade, deflecting easily, expertly. “What do you want with Molly Hooper?”
Just then, the human resources representative comes in, looking harried, and asks that everyone turn off their phones; John pockets his mobile for the next three hours. He’s rescued at lunch by Mike, who comes by the session and whispers to the speaker before taking a folder from her and motioning for John to follow him from the room.
He’s never done this before, never partaken in anything so careful and sweet with someone, that John finds himself going back, conditioning Sherlock’s hair again, just so that the moment draws perfect and taut.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his thumb pressing into the flesh of John’s back. “I was thinking I could call you… my partner.”
Redbeard simply blinks up at him as though to say “Silly human” and then snuffles down into Sherlock’s t-shirt.
His legs bounced impatiently as he huffed out a giant gust of breath loudly enough to disturb the woman sitting three seats to his right. She turned and blinked at him patiently, waiting for him to acknowledge her. Sherlock kept his gaze resolutely forward although he could feel the woman’s eyes on him. After a moment she spoke, her voice amused and light, “We board in ten minutes, Holmes, cool it.”
John frowned but did as asked until Sherlock began babbling to himself, fingers to his temples and pressing in. “There has to be something,
Sherlock’s face scrunched up and he bent woodenly, picked their clothes up from the floor and tossed them through the door towards the living area. “Sounds horrid.”
Spine sagging, Sherlock drifted through the lobby to the elevators, ensuring first that there were no press lingering to see him in such a diminished state. He needed a long, hot bath, some ibuprofen and a good sleep to get him back in functioning order. Attendees of the Games had been warned about the iffy state of the water but he’d been assured by his agent that the hotel water was safe to bathe in; this was a blessing as his room was outfitted with a jetted tub, just the thing to take the ache out of his limbs.
It’s at that moment that Angelo sweeps in on the table, arms open and smile wide. “Sherlock! So good to see you again! Didn’t know that this handsome gentleman was waiting for you!”
With a certain amount of disdain, Sherlock flicked the card into the bin beneath the table, snatched up the hideous flowers and put them in the hallway where room service would, with any luck, dispose of them. Every last bit of delight drained from him, leaving him feeling like a hollow husk; Sherlock threw himself onto the bed, this time out of sheer rage.
Molly is in the process of closing up for the evening when he finally arrives, traffic making him later than he’d intended. That adds to his frayed nerves, but he does his level best to mask that as he catches her attention. “Oh,” she says happily, though surprised, blowing a tuft of hair out of her eyes. “Sherlock, hi! I was just getting ready to pack up!”
John slumped back in his seat, placated, a pleased smile on his face, and waited as Sherlock satisfied himself that there was no one present that would recognize them together and turned his attention, finally, back to John. “I went by the villa that Moriarty is staying at. Everything was locked tight, as expected, though I didn’t spot a security system. The lock on the back door looks rudimentary enough.”
“It was John Watson,” he mutters, angling his gaze down at his pet. The dog ruffs and then manages to get himself up onto the sofa, plopping his head into Sherlock’s lap. “I know. I should have known. How did I miss it?
John chuckles and grabs a pen, jots down his email address and hands it back. “I look forward to going over all of the materials. And thank you for speaking with me about this it’s…yeah, I could do with… yeah.”
He makes his way up a slight incline and onto the large, main walkway. He turns left and halts as his pupils dilate against the burst of color with which he is assailed. Lilac bedded next to blood orange bedded next to vibrant cobalt. He takes a moment to process it all, the strictly laid out flower beds and the sweet floral scent emanating from them. The cherry blossoms hang full and lush from drooping branches and tulips and daisies sway happily beside one another in the gentle wind.
“We’ve earned a lie-in tomorrow, or, even if we haven’t, I intend to have a lie-in anyway.” Awkwardness seeps into the moment. They are standing so close to one another with no idea what to do, until John reminds himself that there are no rules to follow. He doesn’t have to live up to anyone’s expectations but his own.
Notions of his hot bath swirled away as he groaned and trudged back to the elevator, taking it down to the lobby.
It struck Sherlock how intimate it all was, reclining in the bath, naked and very vulnerable, with someone he’d only known a few days. But like how he’d felt the first time he’d strapped on a pair of skis, being with John Watson felt immeasurably right. It felt right in the way that it lodged in his bones, set his teeth on edge when he was without, left him wanting and craving.
Sherlock stared blankly at the pair while John barked a laugh and said, “Riiiiight, alright. Greg good to meet you, sure I’ll be seeing you later.”
“Then let me get to know you a few more so I can make a proper assessment, yeah?” Sherlock was silent, looking up at John in wonder. “Unless, hey, I get it if all this interferes with your training. I know you’re quite intense about that, and if it would be better I can certainly…”
“Okay,” John gasped brokenly, turning his head as far as he was able, straining to see Sherlock. “Enough, I’m going to, god, enough, inside me,
Lestrade nodded, slowly, stepping even closer to Sherlock so he could hear him as his voice dropped, tipping into the realm of secrecy. “I think he’s the one that leaked it. And last night John-”
Sherlock peeled himself out of bed, crossing the room until he was at the window, glancing out at the gently-cresting sunrise. “I’ve always focused on the training.”
“Perhaps not as poncy as you hoped.” He ducks his head in parting and goes to snag his beverage from the counter.
“That,” and Sherlock leaned up to press a soft kiss to John’s temple, “can most certainly be arranged.”
Sherlock looks at the cover, and does his best not to laugh, sucking his lips in until his mouth is a tight line. “Vanity.” He shrugs, and whenhe meets John’s gaze he breaks, dissolving into deep rumbles of laughter.
Sherlock took a deep breath and then another, feeling the slight, centering brush of John at his side. They were rapidly running out of viable avenues of escape and Sherlock’s mind spun in a desperate attempt to discern any weakness in their situation for which Moran had no accounted.
She moved along, producing his cap, and then goggles that were strapped around his head, perched on his brow.
Still, Greg’s presence would be good for him. He knew that often times he got bored and restless when at a venue for too long and just knowing that his ex-coach would be watching him would be enough to have him consider his behavior before acting in his usual, brash manner.
Moriarty’s representatives could not be reached for comment but it was confirmed by an unnamed source that all of his endorsement deals have since dropped him as a spokesperson.
They were both incredibly busy and rarely saw one another nowadays, but neither had asked the other to make any concessions.
When he got back to the hotel, John was waiting for him in the lobby. Sherlock aimed a casual smile at him but John came over and steered him into an empty conference room just off to the side.
Sherlock strips down to his pants and retires to bed, Redbeard already asleep on the rug next to Sherlock’s preferred side. Once beneath the covers, he stares at the wall, feeling excitement turn to buzzing static in his veins. He shouldn’t be this excited and he knows it; he knows he’s likely going to be disappointed in finally meeting the person he…
John fidgeted at his side and Sherlock set his jaw, said nothing. “You’re not going to get away with this,” John grunted as he struggled hopelessly against his bonds.
Asking about the alcohol would have been John’s first question, and he’s impressed that Guest has thought to rule that out.
Redbeard walks on, paying Sherlock no mind, instead stopping to sniff at a small tree as he passes. “You know, I do feed and house you,” Sherlock grouses. “The least you could do is pretend to be interested.”
“Don’t like being hurt, Sherlock,” John responds, but Sherlock’s words, his voice, have kicked up a fit of butterflies in his stomach. Sherlock is protective of John, always, but John’s never seen him this obviously upset. John doesn’t know what to do, or to say, so in his classical stiff-upper-lip form, he deflects. “Hazard of the job.”
“It is,” comes the distracted reply, as he peels another water-warped cover off of a storage box. “And if you hadn’t noticed, you were never asked to pitch in for hydro or electric, or really any of the repairs, come to think of it.”
John Watson was throwing him for a loop and he didn’t particularly enjoy it, though he was distracted enough about it that he stalled on retreating into his mind. Sherlock mulled that over as they made their ascent, coming back to the tan line at John’s wrist and his posture in the seat. The observations slotted themselves into place in his mind and he grinned in victory when he came upon his conclusion. “Army doctor home from… Afghanistan? Yes, Afghanistan, as team physician, how interesting.”
Sherlock blinks, the light from the candle shading his face in greys. There’s something there and they wait, suspended in time. Then John feels Sherlock’s calf settle against his beneath the table; it’s the easiest thing in the world to reach across the table and place his palm over Sherlock’s hand and it seems to prompt the ensuing confession out of him. “I want you, John. In every conceivable meaning of the word. You understand that, don’t you?”
Tongue peeking out at the corner of his lips, John slipped in what looked to be a straightened paper clip and one of the slimmer nail files. There was a click and a rattle but the lock didn’t give; with a muted curse John tried again with a larger nail file, torquing his hand awkwardly as he tried to get the internal mechanism to give.
John struggles with words, because he doesn’t know how to ask for one thing out of the countless things that he wants from Sherlock. It’s all a bit surreal, truly, that they’re having this conversation to begin with, very reasonably, with no-holds-barred, and it’s all catching up with John, how wildly foal-legged he suddenly feels. The words are coming, choppily, slowly, but they’re coming, and it’s almost easy. And then too, with the ease, is a feeling as though the fluidity of their admissions, the way they’re simply coming out with it might negate all of the suffering they’ve weathered together.
It’s a uniquely new sensation, this. He’s never experienced this sort of gut-twisting, truly heart-wrenching guilt. That means something, Sherlock thinks; of course it does. John means something to him; John is dear to him, and he truly hates himself–loathes himself if he’s honest about it–for misleading him even in the slightest.
“Perfect,” John murmurs into his cleft as he pulls Sherlock apart and licks a hot stripe from his perineum to his tailbone and then kisses his way back.
If he could dislocate his thumb, he might possibly be able to slip through the bonds. But as stoic as he could manage to be, he wasn’t sure he could maintain his composure through the inevitable pain long enough to free himself and incapacitate their captor. His subconscious buzzed unhelpfully as he tore through the halls of his mind searching for anything, a ghost of an idea, carefully not watching as Moran readied himself to dispose of them.
There’s one from John, in response to his earlier message. It’s unlike anything else, the feeling that rushes over Sherlock every time there’s a
John watches Sherlock type for a bit and then gets off the sofa, attempting not to look too eager. Once in the loo, he digs through the paper and finds three chalky orbs. John pulls each out in turn, smelling them. There’s a seafoam green one that has a base, earthy scent combined with something sweeter; another is pink and appears to have flecks of what looks like paper in it. The last is white and smooth with bits of red and blue flecks throughout; John takes a whiff.
He noted his skier’s number for the first time and smiled; Sherlock wondered how many other times he’d failed to take note of his designated bib number. For a moment he considered chastising himself once again--sentiment--but he found he didn’t mind.
So John goes slow, warms the lubricant between his hands before applying it. He moves his fingers, his tongue and his lips, all slowly. John maneuvers Sherlock right to the peak, to the very edge, before easing off. Two warm fingers, pressing inside, where it’s even warmer and tight, tight, tight and John takes his time in turning Sherlock’s body pliant.
Sherlock felt the pressure coiling at the base of his spine, the telltale sign that release wasn’t far off and in an attempt to slow John down, Sherlock brought a hand up to curl around his neck, the nail from his thumb scratching just faintly over John’s Adam’s apple. “Slow, god John, slower.”
Their knees had bumped three times - not that Sherlock was counting - and each time, John made a quick apology and wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. “This isn’t as bad as I’d thought,” John said around a mouthful of food.
“We are,” Sherlock states in the same moment John says, “Acquaintances at most.” It’s best, John thinks, to keep Sherlock at arm’s length; he hadn’t considered before that it might be the most pragmatic way to approach this situation.
and how would he explain that in the seconds before the countdown beeps sounded he was thinking about every single moment of the rest of his life? How could he explain that he felt both larger than life and a single miniscule being that existed in the unfathomable cosmos? How could he explain, anything,
His eyes slipped closed and there was nothing more he wanted than to drag John into his room and curl around him and not leave for days. Peeling his eyes back open to look at John, Sherlock’s stomach turned as he catalogued--for what felt like the hundredth time--the bruising all over John’s face. They’d both come so close to losing so much; that notion, combined with his injuries and the whirlwind of actually having won an Olympic race, had him positively exhausted, emotionally and physically.
to the grip of John’s fingers in his hair, Sherlock loved sucking John off. He was so delightfully responsive and never shy, never hesitated to pump his hips gently when he wanted more, never thought twice about coming all over Sherlock’s face. John Watson’s cock was such a gorgeous and responsive part of John’s body and Sherlock absolutely
“John, there’s nothing to be done for a broken neck.” He curled his fingers around John’s own neck and held him there against his chest, gentle enough that he could break away if needed.
It’s far too easy to get caught up in the daydreams and to ignore the fact that they still face the journey of getting to that eventuality. Though there are some moments of ambiguity, John is nearly positive—somehow, deep in his bones, he knows, of course he does, Sherlock is his best friend—that Sherlock will reciprocate John’s long-simmering feelings and desires.
With a little chuckle, John fell back onto the bed, levering himself up on his elbows and watching as Sherlock neatly shed his own clothes. He took care undressing, undoing cuffs and buckles easily and fluidly, folding and draping his clothing properly so as not to cause any undue wrinkles. He made a show of it, walking to the cupboard to hang up his trousers; he knew that John loved to watch the muscles of his back and arse move and thus he gave him a bit of a show, bending perhaps a bit too far while opening the door.
have his well-being on the course to think of, and John was right; if he wasn’t properly rested he was liable to make a costly mistake that could end his run at the gold before it even properly began.
It took him some time to find his way through the illogical, labyrinthine layout but he eventually found them seated in a small reception area. They were both nursing cups of coffee--the first thing Sherlock noticed. The second was how haggard John appeared: bright purple splotches on his face, a vicious stripe of red across the bridge of his nose. His clothes hung, awkward and loose on his frame, and he balanced his elbows precariously on the arms of the rickety-looking wheelchair in an odd position as though his spine couldn’t hold him upright.
John lifts his glass to Sherlock’s in a silent toast, no words necessary, and they both take a long sip.
Sherlock took the opportunity to stretch lethargically, squirming in John’s arms, the sheet slipping low on his hips. “Mmm, alright.”
John glances from the man to his own breakfast, and to the traffic in the street. He goes to take a bite and then puts the piece of scone back down on the paper. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
He spun around quickly, levelling the intruder with a glare that was meant to put him off. “Of course, but not whilst I’m being subjected to two hours of absolutely enthralling Russian history. I was just
Officials are already dazzled at Moriarty’s prowess on the slopes, but many wonder if he truly has what it takes to podium over the British dynamo. Asked just minutes off of his training run best, Holmes claimed that his approach was better than anyone else’s. “I have no qualms about this course, I just have to tighten my form in some spots. The Russian Trampoline in particular is a killer.”
“As first dates go, how was it?” John asks, shrugging inside of his light spring coat, his hands itching to reach across and snatch up Sherlock’s. He doesn’t.
It is, without a doubt, one of John’s favorite expressions, and never fails to make him feel perfectly warm. It’s a feeling that lends such credence and such clarity to their situation, that John sighs, licks his lips in an attempt to bring moisture to his parched mouth. “Sherlock—”
“Yeah,” John agrees. “We will… we’ll work it all out, I think. Uhm, but... in the meantime, yes.” John feels as though the very tips of his ears are absolutely on fire; his right hand creeps back to massage at the nape of his neck. “Yeah, I’d like to… sleep with you, yes.” John shakes his head at the ridiculousness of it all, looks to the ceiling, and grins.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed, not bothering to worry about John touching him so publicly. He had much larger matters to ponder over. “Yes he is.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, staring at the wall in front of him. “They’ll have to hold the final or there will be an uproar on an international scale.”
It’s another moment or two before the silence is broken, John’s voice cutting cleanly through Sherlock’s reverie. The words hold a lightness, something like amusement, but there’s no mistaking them for anything other than John calling him out for his behavior. “Is there something on my face?”
“Oh,” Sherlock says, as though it’s off-hand, though the waver in his voice gives him up immediately. “Love, for instance. Stability. The notion that a person could want to be around, with, alone with one person for the rest of their living days. Pedestrian, I know, but, the idea that our lives would extend, together, well beyond middle age...”
He walks Redbeard, then runs, then finds that four miles is quite enough for a dog Redbeard’s age, and takes a scalding hot shower that lasts far too long. There are things he could be tending to, experiments that need beginning, notes that need to be rewritten, but he finds that he can’t get his mind off of John.
There was a long, pregnant silence and Sherlock glanced down at his phone to make sure the call was still connected. “I have a point,” Mycroft said flatly.
“No, what did you study, come now. Wait, I’ll guess. Hm, from the papers and the articles you seem like a science buff. I’m going to guess you read physics. Or, no, that’s too… chemistry. You look like the type of bloke that would read chemistry.” There was a mischievous glint in his eye and Sherlock got caught up in it, lips curving into a grin as he looked down the line of his nose at John.
Sighing, he retrieves an apple from the tiny, makeshift kitchen and moves to his computer. There’s an email from Harry, updating him on her progress—something mandated by her own therapist, he’s sure—and with a roll of his eyes, he leaves it 'read' in his inbox, planning to respond at a later time. John clicks around the internet, catching himself up on the news and the weather, until he remembers the chat room that he signed up for.
But none of that matters a bit to John Watson, because Sherlock is alternating his strokes, rubbing the head of his prick on every downstroke. A small sound escapes him, something strangled and desperate, and then his mouth is reaching blindly for Sherlock’s as his body goes taut, pleasure threatening to overwhelm him.
: Is it not within your purview to answer a simple trauma-related question? I suppose that this is what I get for presenting a serious, medical question to an unverified, online community. You’ve all been of absolutely no help.
John dragged his lips up the length of Sherlock’s cheek. “It’s all I can think about,” he said, voice taking on a dark, velvety quality. “Your strong thighs flush against my arse, your fingers inside of me, your mouth opening me, yeah, that’s what I want.” His teeth nibbled slowly over the lobe of Sherlock’s right ear before sucking deliberately. “Does that sound alright?”
His voice didn’t seem like his own to his ears. It sounded weak and helpless, not at all effective for the cause.
John replaced the piece on the mantle. “I quite agree. It deserves a place of prominence. And next to your skull, does it keep watch?”
Molly shrugs, minutely, and pulls him towards the door. “I don’t know, being friendly towards one another.”
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s knee and took a long pull from his glass before setting it down and turning his attention to his left. He watched Sherlock for a moment, while Sherlock took a few hasty sips of his own wine. John’s right cheek jumped in a smile and Sherlock took another gulp of the alcohol, suddenly overcome with a bit of nerves.
His ankles twinged and his jaw hurt; he felt raw and beaten but not broken. He’d do his absolute best, that was all he could ask for himself. If he was going to go hard, put his body through the ringer, at least he wouldn’t have to worry about the long recuperation times before he could get back on the slopes again--he wouldn’t have to get back on the slopes again if he didn’t want to.
John opens his mouth to reply but by then Angelo has disappeared. “Guess that makes divvying up the check easier,” John jests and Sherlock gives him a shocked half smile. He would have expected John to make it plain that they’re not here on a date, but it seems that John is full of surprises.
Sherlock had responded, feeling as though he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, putting down the mobile phone on which was displayed the delivery number of his favorite Thai place.
Sherlock runs an index finger along the lip of his glass and then picks it up to drink. “He and I’ve not met, we’re going to…”
“Right, well, since we know that, how do we proceed? Think of how closely your equipment is watched. If Moriarty is up to something nefarious, you’d have to imagine they’d be keeping his things under even closer guard.”
Reaching into his pocket, he withdrew his Olympic identification and bank card and scraped off a little sample, sandwiching it between the pieces of plastic; he’d show it to Molly and Greg the first chance he got.
He takes a long pull of his tepid tea, checks his weakened resolve and revises his search criteria, ‘Doctor, chat rooms.’
Molly tugged at Greg’s arm in warning and he stumbled forward, being led away from Sherlock and John, who watched them go with twin expressions of bewilderment. “What’s that mean?” John asked, glancing up briefly at Sherlock before turning in the direction of the Village and their hotel.
He’s interrupted by their beers being placed before them with a soft thuank of glass on wood. Sherlock doesn’t turn away from John, doesn’t acknowledge the bartender, just tilts his head and waits for John to continue. Instead, John reaches for his beer and takes a short pull on it; Sherlock blinks, his eyes briefly shading into something like disappointment, before he does the same.
,” John smeared into his skin before ripping himself away and smacking a quick kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Seriously, though,” he took a breath, “am I allowed to say I’m proud of you? Have we known one another long enough? Is that… is that weird?”
It takes Sherlock a brief second to tear his attention away from the scene outside of the cab. John, as always, proves to be much more intuitive than anyone would imagine. Of course they won’t, they’ll find nothing, but that’s not the point. “Due diligence.”
“We’ve known each other for five days, John,” Sherlock said in wonder as John’s praise nestled itself in the depths of his chest. “You’re a marvel,” he murmured, even quieter, gaze turning sweet and open and surprised. Their eyes locked and the tips of John’s ears colored bright red; Sherlock couldn’t help it, he laughed, the sight of John flustered sweet and heady.
, not spies, not shady government officials. Nothing this nefarious had happened in their world, ever. That it was happening now and on an international screen was absolute insanity; it was insanity that Moriarty believed he could get away with it in the first place. The thought caused a sizzle of rage to race down Sherlock’s spine and he found himself bounding from the tram with renewed vigor.
The breath strangles in his throat, sound blotted out for a moment as Sherlock rolls against him, alternating. It suddenly becomes too much and he licks into Sherlock’s mouth harshly before pulling away and puffing, “Get me out of these damned clothes, yeah?”
the seat wasn’t taken and yet he’d asked, obvious and tedious. Beneath his lids Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John took at look at himself in the mirror, touched the corner of his black eye and frowned. “First to try and find some concealer, I think. And then… back to
“Yes?” Sherlock asked, his bottom lip mere centimeters from the head of John’s cock, his breath surely brushing over the hot flesh.
“One nice thing about all this,” John utters, sleepily. “Never need to struggle to remember where or when we met.”
happy, just from a dinner. Just from the prospect of dashing about London with Sherlock, adrenaline pumping through his veins. God, he
John’s face changed, excitement warring with the need to be reserved. “I wouldn’t want to get you into any more trouble than I already have.”
John stood in front of him in a checked shirt and dark jeans, hair artfully tousled. He looked… delightful. Sherlock smile at him. “Good evening.”
Sherlock catches him gazing and presses himself up onto his elbows, brows perked in inquisition. “Hmm?” he hums an ask.
entirely unpleasant to look at, and he seems very competent. An ex-army surgeon, capable foil to Molly in the morgue, who isn’t as stupid as most people are and more bizarrely... isn’t afraid of Sherlock.
Sherlock runs his teeth over first his bottom lip and then his top, rocks up onto the balls of his feet and with a newfound, rather fake-sounding enthusiasm says, “How about a bath?”
“Get one of everything again?” John asks, dropping a kiss onto Sherlock’s cheek and sliding into the chair across from him. His cheeks are pink and he smells of winter.
And Sherlock is still and silent in the half-light; the small fixture above the sink in the loo is on, casting a sliver of yellow through the doorway and John just looks his fill. Sherlock swallows and John watches the movement of his Adam’s apple, can’t seem to tear his eyes away.
“Hmmm,” John chuckles. “S’what happens when you’re in love, I’m pretty sure. Have to deal with all of this sentiment business.”
“Bollocks,” John swears beneath his breath and pats his pockets for good measure. “I seem to have… I don’t have any cash on me. Oh, forget it, I’m sorry I-”
--and their obvious body language, Sherlock tethering John to himself openly, affectionately. One woman rolled her eyes while another man carefully, primly averted his gaze. And though their reaction was no surprise, while Sherlock knew he should have expected it, it caused a little bubble of anger to burst in the center of his chest.
“Would do if you would stop repeating what I’m saying and, you know, go to lunch. I’m starving.” John gives Sherlock a half smile and checks his pocket for his wallet. Sherlock’s gaze follows John’s hand to his trousers.
They fall into a surprisingly companionable silence, just finishing off the bowl before their entrees arrive. Sherlock adds so much wasabi to his soy sauce that John comments on it and Sherlock sends him a scathing glare and a “Can’t stand the heat?” before plucking up a tempura eel roll and bringing it quickly to his mouth.
Sherlock generally drew his competitive edge from a personal obligation to win; the notion of skiing for his country wasn’t something that he often thought about. Other than wearing the accoutrements of team Great Britain, he didn’t feel particularly tethered to his nation. He didn’t ski to represent Great Britain; there was no swell of nationalistic pride that he felt when he performed an exceptional run at an event.
and Sherlock succumbed to it, feeling as though he was flying down a mountain at eighty miles an hour when John slid his hands into Sherlock’s hair.
They pulled up in front of room 517 and John slid his mercifully functional keycard through the reader and pressed the door open. “Let’s get you some anti-inflammatories, yeah? See about calling the front desk and I’ll get my kit.”
them. That though they’ve only conversed online and only for a short time, that Sherlock feels some sort of undeniable pull towards him.
“Yeah man, I hear you.” They fall into silence for a moment, taking in the studio before them. It does all seem a bit surreal; Sherlock Holmes, willing to go on television and talk about his personal life, talk about what it’s like to be a gay man at the Olympics. He’d never particularly thought of himself as a pioneer, but it’s no longer so easy to ignore that he’s standing for something, just by existing.
“Is that what he said?” Sherlock asks, disguising the fact that he’s surprised that he’s following Molly out; he’d normally do everything he could to remain in the morgue and get a look at other bodies.
“Well,” John added, turning his full attention back to the table; he licked his lips and gave Sherlock a steady glance before continuing, “I insisted. Can’t have a star athlete sleeping in the lobby, can we? And he was a perfect bunkmate, didn’t kick me once.”
It wasn’t a bath, but it did the trick, and as Sherlock was towelling off his hair, he took a moment to categorize the scent of John’s products. It was woody and light, and he brought his damp hair towel to his face for a sniff before hanging it up to dry on the rack.
It could have been any number of things, but the how didn’t matter right now. What mattered was that Moriarty
“What?” He sounded intrigued now rather than admonishing and Sherlock felt his words freeze in his throat. He’d never really discussed his love of skiing with his brother; other than his brother constantly overseeing his training schedule and managing his press, Sherlock never brought up the sport in conversation with Mycroft at all. It almost felt like a weakness to romanticize the work, to admit that he found is more than enjoyable, that he found it
John trailed off and Sherlock understood. He watched on as John tied his shoe and smoothed down the wrinkles in his trousers. “Oh, and have some egg whites for breakfast.”
“Much better,” he announced as he walked around to the other side of the bed, comfortable in his nudity, and climbed on, reaching out immediately to bring Sherlock’s mouth to his. They kissed languidly, John allowing Sherlock to take the upper hand after a moment, bending to Sherlock’s demanding body as it draped over his own. John maneuvered down on the bed until his head rested firmly in the middle of a pillow, Sherlock’s body hovering just above his.
It occurs to him that his brain is caught up in a bit of a whirlwind, his heart hammering so fast he feels as though he might waver a bit. This is something he’s been waiting for—they’ve both been waiting for, so elusive—for eons that he doesn’t want to rush through. They have all night, really, alone. Together. They deserve it, to allow themselves the time to experience one another without hurry.
“And I’ve heard from the technician there that they’re looking for someone to come in on board on an interim basis. If you’d be interested, that is.”
There’s a beat of silence before John reaches out and places his hands on either side of Sherlock’s backside, pries him apart, open. John’s tongue passes over his lips, wanting and nervous. “If you don’t like it, or want, uh-”
Sherlock’s mouth tips in an affectionate half smile, as he rereads the email, wonders not just what John5NF is like, but what his mother is like. His thoughts turn to his own mother, and he feels a stab of guilt at having not called her in nearly a month. He should get to that, he thinks, as he opens a new message box to compose a reply.
A short train ride later and he was ascending the course, chatting idly with a female athlete from Sweden about wind conditions. Like this, he was on autopilot; the inane chatter flowed from him without much thought. His gaze was fixed on the course below, the red flags peeking from the crest of curves and the orange netting flanking the entire run.
Sherlock types back, the dog’s head against his chest making it more difficult than it would usually be.
“Because god knows what happens when I don’t,” John jests saucily as Sherlock serves him with a particularly heated glare, the edge of it softening at John’s playfulness. Sherlock doesn’t mind, really, because John continues to chuckle, and John filled with mirth is one of his very favorite sights.
“This is why I love you,” Sherlock says, not bothering to look over at John. He knows his word choice could have been better, but he can’t find it in him to care. “Reminding me what words I’m allowed to use and whatnot.”
“I could say the same of you. You're usually the first one up here. What did you do, linger over breakfast?”
Once he was in the main room, Sherlock pressed his back against the cinderblock wall and took a calming inhale. Of course Moriarty would taunt him, of course he would attempt to work him up. Sherlock had to center himself, find his resolve and move past it. Moriarty wasn’t worth any of his concern at the moment; he’d deal with that obstacle when he didn’t have a hefty workout to complete.
Sherlock blinks at the next deduction that flits through his mind. Nearly stumbles at the abrupt truth of it.
He’s well into his forties, and he hasn’t felt like this—buoyant, expectant, petrified—in an age. Not with Mary, not before, not since his secondary school days, and even that is fleeting. Now, John feels cleft in two, like he’s empty and opening and wanting Sherlock to mend him back together, fill him up.
even, and he wasn’t content for the evening to end now, even though he hadn’t the faintest how to go about prolonging John’s presence in his room.
The sun was bright and high in the sky by the time Sherlock had made his way up the mountain with his people in tow. It was unseasonably warm again, and the bright light made the melting snow shine brilliantly, stinging his eyes even behind the veil of his sunglasses.
“I’ve asked Lestrade to meet us back at my room in four hours.” Sherlock slid his phone back into his pocket and looked off into the distance, thinking.
Between the three of them, they’ve caused quite a bit of buzz at the Games, though Sherlock can’t help but think of the other athletes—some whom he knew and some he didn’t—that weren’t yet out, who could fill up the green room. He’d been able to deduce a few more figure skaters, one brakeman for a bobsled team, two biathletes, four hockey players, a ski jumper and a handful of speed skaters, but Sherlock hazards that there were likely a dozen more on top of that, between athletes who simply wanted their private lives to remain private, those who weren’t ready to come out, or those who were citizens of a country where anti-homosexuality laws were still in existence.
Closing his eyes, he replays every second of the interaction, from John’s initial scowl to the very last blink and he
John picks up the paper, spilling a bit of his coffee in the process and holds it up in front of his face. He doesn’t want the world’s most observant person reading about all… of
“Most people are.” Sherlock’s gaze hold his and for a moment they’re in impasse, but then John laughs, tips his head back and barks out a single, incredulous guffaw. Sherlock doesn’t react, just tilts his head and watches.
Sherlock makes a show of dragging his gaze up and down John’s body in such an overtly lascivious way that it sends John into a fit of laughter. Sherlock joins in a moment later, petering out as he places his hand atop the table, face up. John doesn’t hesitate, slips his palm against Sherlock’s and squeezes, it’s such a delightfully easy thing to do, and John finds himself shocked that it’d been this simple, after ages of worrying over it. This is beyond anything he could have hoped for: a gentle confession, laughter, ease.
“You’re not getting out of it, at least not the dancing bit anyway,” John reached out and poked at him and then groaned, having twisted the wrong way. Sherlock gave him a pointed look to which he received a very vehement middle-fingered salute. “We’ll dance, you and I. I want to see your moves. And besides, everyone will be there, everyone will want to see you,” John’s voice dipped. “The
The ride was silent and for a long, peaceful moment, Sherlock allowed his eyes to close and willed his mind to stop its buzzing. Exhaustion stole over him, the very last of the endorphins that the adrenaline had left melting away. All he could feel was the gentle rocking of the van and the warmth of John’s skin against his own.
John chuckles and sips his coffee, waits for the inevitable question about his own personal life. Is he seeing anyone? If so, is it serious? Is he interested in dating? What’s he looking for? John’s hands curls into a fist against his thigh as his leg gives a sudden twinge of pain. How is he going to muddle his way through life, now? Can he even
Once nude, Sherlock got into the bed, immediately draping himself over John’s body. John tipped his chin up, waiting, but Sherlock was content to look his fill, gaze skating up and down John’s torso leisurely. “You want my mouth?”
, comes the nearly immediate response. John is a bit taken aback by how quickly the reply comes; Guest must have been waiting on his answer. John bites his bottom lip, unsure why he’s not put off by the notion that there’s a stranger seemingly waiting on his medical opinion.
“No more so than a fan of any other food, but I do appreciate it when done properly.” The lift pings and they step out into the bustle of one of the many reception areas, dodging patients and staff as they make their way to the door.
John cleared his throat, passing his tongue over his lips as he steeled himself for Sherlock’s explanation. “Oh?”
He bobbled once, then again, and for a terrifying moment he thought he was going to crash out; he righted his left ski and pressed down hard, coming out of the final turn flying, but shaky, launching over the final jump and bursting across the finish line with a whoosh of released breath. Slamming his skis sidewards Sherlock slowed and swiveled around, coming to a stop facing the course.
Phillip had unsheathed the skis, settling them on the ski vice so that Molly could prep them and smooth them over with wax. Some skiers preferred to see to this on their own, but Sherlock trusted Molly, had for some time. She had her face down close to the surface and was pressing a shiny cloth from the tip to the end of the ski before pulling back. “Does anyone have my red stick? Not the pink one but the-”
John takes a breath and steps forward, no hesitation, and enters the dimly-lit space; there’s not much room, but it’s not a bother, John sliding around Sherlock’s body to bump him out of the spray and Sherlock moves back, mock-indignant.
He sat back and waited for John to flip through the various articles he’d pulled up. While John read, Sherlock reclined and allowed himself a moment of sheer appreciation for John Watson. His strong callused hands, the line of his shoulders, the efficient, military cut of his hair. This was a handsome man, and that, coupled with John’s obvious intelligence, apparent penchant for disregarding what was best for him, and attraction to Sherlock, made him very nearly perfect.
“So?” Sherlock asks in return, one amusingly-thick eyebrow perked. They look at one another for a beat, sizing each other up. There’s a stalemate there, when Sherlock’s gaze flickers away, back at his menu.
, he really is, but it strikes him that perhaps that isn’t the best thing to do. Not now. Not with John. “I…” he takes a breath; how do people speak about these things? “I’d rather hear it from you, about you.” It’s something he knows he should say, even though he can read John’s family history, the history of his schooling, what brand of crisps he prefers just from
He turned his head and was met with the grinning visage of James Moriarty. He was leaning casually against a row of lockers, body shining with sweat. Sherlock set his jaw, eyes darkening as he straightened and met Moriarty head on.
He returned to his room to worried messages from his agent; he’d left his mobile in his luggage and hadn’t called to inform him of the quality of the accommodations as he’d promised he would. There was a voicemail from his parents, the both of them gleeful over the prospect of watching the Parade of Nations that evening, hoping to catch a glimpse of him. There were a handful of well-wishes from representatives from his various sponsors and a quick word from his ex-coach Greg Lestrade, saying that he would be on hand, but two days earlier than anticipated.
His head swam pleasantly with the burn of alcohol and Sherlock found his mouth curling into a soft smile for no reason at all. Situations such as these usually tended to grate on his nerves. Now, this time felt
He stepped off, legs feeling a bit rubbery, and moved to the free weights, the metallic clacking and clinking of the barbells ringing through the large space. Sherlock found a spotter and lay down on the bench, grinding out rep after rep to the casual encouragements of the man behind him. His eyes focused on the ceiling and the spectre of Moriarty floated through his mind; he ousted it with a grunt and a shove of the bars upward.
“Sorry,” the man pushing the pram says and Sherlock lifts his gaze to meet that of the stranger. Mid-thirties, fit, warm brown eyes and a modern coif. Married, but sweet, and Sherlock wonders if John5NF looks like
“You know you’re…” Sherlock continued, ready to inform Lestrade that he was much too old for Molly and that she had father issues and that there was only a very, very slim chance of anything working between them.
John is drawn in instantly, settles his lips just under Sherlock’s ear and sucks gently. When Sherlock’s breath kicks out of him, John hums against his skin, “Mmmm, yeah?”
Sherlock notes the time, nearly gone two in the morning, and isn’t surprised when he doesn’t receive a response from John5NF. The man’s likely asleep by now, as any sane Londoner would be.
John goggles at William, feeling he’s in the middle of some scripted episode that he’s not had time to memorize, and then glances down at his watch. There are indeed fifteen minutes for him to make it to Bart’s. He’d lost track of time, being picked apart by a stranger on a park bench. “Right, well, yeah, thanks.”
John shakes his head, side to side, eyes scrunching closed before he peeks one open. “Whu—what? Shu—”
Behind Greg, John stood with the rest of the ski medics who were celebrating audibly. John spared him a glance and in the space of a
“The hell there is,” he mutters in return. John splays his right hand over his knee, spreading the maximum distance his fingers will allow, before he speaks. “Is there anything for you in a middle-aged, greying, single father of one, with no steady job and an addiction to danger?”
He makes it three blocks before he has to stop and check his email, huffing at his own inability to be patience as he does so. There’s a reply, the chain of their replies titled a bold,
It wriggles out in the silence of the room, something that doesn’t need to be vocalized but is. “I washed,” Sherlock says, his face hidden in the still-damp hollow of John’s neck.
“John!” Sherlock chirps, glancing quickly around to see if anyone is standing nearby. He’s not ashamed of who he is, but he’d rather they both avoid the soundbite after the one he’s already given. Admittedly, he should be a bit more careful with his words. The media circus when they had come out publicly as a couple had been ridiculous, and Sherlock—even four years in-is still trying to balance his personal and public lives.
Moran struck out again but Sherlock jerked hard, tilting his chair and toppling over hard onto his left bicep, avoiding the blow. It took the wind out of him, the impact jangling hard through his frame, his head bouncing off of the floor with a thud that rang around behind his eyes.
Moran disappeared into the bedroom and John sighed loudly. “Ideas, anything at all?” His shoulder bumped hard into Sherlock’s and Sherlock rolled an inch or two away. He felt the absence of heat immediately and wished desperately that there wasn’t any space between them. If they were going to go down like this, Sherlock wanted to at least be tethered to the one person he--
John’s gaze settles on the ceiling for a moment as he pretends to waver about what to do  and then he faces the laptop and selects the message.
“This is not your key,” she said again, this time having the decency to pull a strained expression. “We will find your key. Please give us a moment.” With that, she turned towards a coworker who had entered the reception area, talking in hushed tones over the card reader. Another moment passed and Sherlock was able to pick up a few scattered Russian words, none of which made any sense.
There is silence, save for their erratic breathing. John turns to the nightstand and scoops up the empty glass there, retreats to the loo to fill it. He returns and gives Sherlock the first pull, he himself finishing off the dregs. Instead of returning to his side of the bed, he settles next to Sherlock’s left hip, places a palm down against his sternum and gives Sherlock a questioningly-hopeful look.
“Yeah, well, they needed someone to mentor the first years and the next thing I know I’m teaching immunology. The pay is… fine. The administration leaves a lot to be desired, but I do get an office.”
Sherlock finds himself restless; it’s not a new experience, but he’s strangely on edge, now. He returns back to his flat and feeds Redbeard, scratches out a few more bars on the composition he’s undertaken, and actually removes the various items in the refrigerator that are too far gone to salvage.
John can’t help it; he immediately imagines a woman or man with the head of a dog in their lap, petting at it as they send John these emails. It brings him an odd swell of joy that rolls from his gut to his chest, and he allows himself to lean back against the hard bench and daydream a bit.
Sherlock’s right cheek jumps and he gives John’s arms a little tug, and he’s already chuckling as he says, “No, John. I won’t mind.”
There’s a coffee cart just outside of the main entrance to Bart’s and Sherlock walks briskly by it before an idea strikes him. He backtracks, orders two large coffees, gathers a pocketful of creamer cups and sugar packets, and goes into the building. It’s as close to an olive branch as he can manage given the circumstances.
John pulls away, down, takes Sherlock’s bollocks carefully in hand and smooths over them, scratching ever-so lightly against the furred skin.
Sherlock cleaned up, and after in-depth sit-downs with NBC Sports and the BBC, he found his way back to his hotel room and collapsed face-down on the bed. His gear would make it back to the hotel under the watchful gaze of his team and Lestrade was going to see about getting his skis retuned - “As a favor!”  Lestrade has warned with a wink - but now he just needed to relax and
The structure looked as though it had been completed just yesterday and the layout looked both confusing and ill-reasoned.  It was a good bet that there wasn’t any security on the premises; even if Moriarty had contracted someone to install a system, it would likely be bulky and ostentatious - Sherlock couldn’t imagine Sochi offered much in the way of surveillance equipment. Besides, Moriarty was paranoid but he was certainly more concerned with his ego; with the way he was presenting like a peacock, Sherlock doubted he’d felt the
Sherlock fell asleep for a short time, body slanting at all angles into the sofa, while John made the call. The sun was just slipping behind the mountains when a light knock at the door roused Sherlock, but John was at the door and allowing Greg in before he’d even properly woken, their chatter sounding far away, underwater.
Sherlock cursed aloud; if he’d been in his own room he would have made certain that he was up by six o’clock at the very latest. He knew he couldn’t blame John for having let him sleep in; his body had needed it, that was true enough. Honestly, Sherlock hadn’t felt this well-rested in quite some time, the extra four hours having rejuvenated him. Still, he had to get many things done if he was going to meet his goals for the day, and so he gathered the tray and brought it to the table by the bed, phoned the front desk and finally, mercifully, was able to talk to someone about getting into his room.
Breath rushes past his lips, puffing out his cheeks. The feeling of abject uselessness he feels threatens to tug his thoughts down darker avenues and he closes his eyes, falls into a breathing technique his therapist had taught him: in for four, hold for four, out for eight, repeat. He's always surprised when breathing works to calm him down, but he's glad for it, as he refocuses his attention on the computer screen.
but I suppose yes, when you say it like that, it is rather a strange resume,” John chuckled and finished off his own glass, taking it upon himself to measure them out each a refill. “And with that, I need to use the loo.”
It’s frustrating, because John knows, indelibly, that he’s tip-toeing on one side of an invisible line. Sherlock remains on the other side, just as close, ready to take the step, but hesitating. If John doesn’t bring it up–Sherlock won’t, he won’t–where will that leave them? He can’t do it anymore, he realizes. The longing stretches taut and uncomfortable in his chest; he hates this feeling, and he can’t help but think that it’s all so unfair.
, is the text from the unknown number, though the signature gives it away instantly; beneath the text is an image of his cane, leaning against the outer gate of the crime scene. He doesn’t wonder how Sherlock got his number, not after being regaled with talk of his skills, and it doesn’t really both John to begin with. What bothers John is how in the world he hadn’t noticed that he’d left his cane behind.
Sherlock snatched up his phone from the arm of the sofa and twiddled it between thumb and forefinger before shooting off a few quick responses to Lestrade and Molly, assuring them that he’d heard the news and that he’d be in touch with the both of them later.
“Not here, not in London, no.” It feels strange, not because he’s ashamed, but because he figured that Sherlock always knew—that Sherlock had already deduced every single thing about him. It’s doubly strange because he’s never discussed it aloud before, never felt the need to, and the fact that he’s doing it now, in his middle age, seems anachronistic.
They gazed out the window a moment longer before John turned, thumbs hooked into the pockets of his trousers. “Still, nice room.”
It’s more than domestic, it’s partnership. A domestic partnership. Without some of the more tangible benefits.
“Yes, Molly. I know what Grindr- no. I, we met online. In another capacity.” With that he finishes his glass of wine.
She grinned at him as if she’s expected his reaction. “Keep it together, would you? Anyone might think you’re actually
“Ahhh,” Sherlock said eventually in delight, landing on John’s area of expertise. “Why aren’t you sitting with the other physicians?”
“With?” John eventually asks, immediately presses the glass to his mouth to stop mumbling apologies and pack-pedalling that immediately spring to mind.
His chuckles peter out and then he just watches as Sherlock drapes his shirt over a chair, and then gets to work on his trousers. He feels numb, entirely taken, unable to think or move as Sherlock drops his trousers and is left standing in his boxer-briefs, clothing pooled at his feet.
run every time? This was often the crux of Sherlock’s problem on the slope; it was highly unlikely that any of the elements would ever be static enough to accurately predict the outcome of a run, and as a perfectionist he found that enormously frustrating. As his own worst enemy, his mind would turn over and over the data - the course terrain, the terminal velocity which his body would reach, the speed of the wind - and wonder
John smiled and huffed, sat up, slapped Sherlock’s hand away as he quickly stood, shucking himself efficiently of his socks, jeans and pants. Sherlock shimmied up on the bed, watching as John’s muscles played beneath the splay of golden skin. The bulky winter wear had hidden the defined body beneath; though John wasn’t an Olympic athlete, the lithe form before Sherlock spoke of physical fitness and care.
“John, please keep in mind that while I’m asking you about yourself, I’m only doing so because I believe it would be inappropriate for me to—”
something. John rolls his shoulders, almost uncomfortable with how much he’s thinking about the presently, entirely-fictionalized life of Guest.
He’d never done this with anyone before, not this careful, sweet, lingering intimacy. Sherlock Holmes had kissed before and he’d fucked before but he’d never relaxed and enjoyed, gave and took, without it being means to an end.
“Your concern is noted. Now, I’ll need you tomorrow morning. I can’t imagine I can get Molly to go along with all of this so easily. I’d begin working on your wheedling voice now.”
John is quiet, the stem of his wine glass situated in the vee of his fore and middle fingers and he drags it slowly back and forth across the table. He inhales and sits back a bit, “Is that something you want?”
John shakes his head with a bitter laugh. “You’re such a bastard, an absolute bastard. Can’t imagine who’d want you to begin with.”
His mouth turns down at the thought and he takes another drink of water before regaining Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock feels as though he’s been punched in the gut. For John to reveal something so personal to him online, is incredibly important. It’s odd; time slows and Sherlock can hear the blood rushing furiously in his ears. This is new information to Guest_47995, but not to Sherlock. He has to respond, somehow, and quickly, quickly enough that he doesn’t appear to be taken aback by the situation, but he has to do so cautiously.
Sherlock and John shared a charged look. “And you didn’t think to mention that,” Sherlock ground out, turning his attention to his left, “at any time before now?”
He calls up interactions he’s had with others, in the past. He recalls someone speaking to him about late night chats they shared with their partner, the pillow creases on their partner’s face in the morning, and how they miss, miss,
Sherlock shivered again, reaching blindly for John’s hip; his eyes slipped closed and his head swam pleasantly. “You wouldn’t be… overstepping.”
have, but I was down there for a half an hour and couldn’t locate a single soul. This hotel is… interesting to say the least.”
“Do not,” Sherlock growled, low and dangerous, straining forward and nearly tipping the chair, “touch him.”
Back inside the dog ambles to his water dish and has his fill as Sherlock strips off his clothes, all the while imagining every possible amalgamation of John5NF.
Sherlock grinned briefly, and then sighed through his nose. As easily as his lips had turned upwards, they cast down. “If I don’t ski, Moriarty wins.”
He was electric, on fire, untouchable as he dipped even lower and sped over the jump, taking so much speed into the Russian Trampoline that he, for a brief moment, was almost unsure that he would land.
A shadow passed over Moran’s face and Sherlock immediately seized on it, honed in on the exposed weakness. “He doesn’t love you. He doesn’t feel for you what you feel for him, Sebastian. You’re just another cog in his machine. Look at what he gives you, he leaves you to clean up after him. How could he love you, how could he
“However you like, really, anyway you like,” John rushes. “Just touch me, because,” and with a bit of maneuvering John manages to get his hand on Sherlock’s prick. Sherlock bucks so hard that their foreheads bump together and that has John laughing again, rolling onto his back as he lets go. It’s entirely inelegant, but perfect as well, and it shorts John’s brain momentarily.
“I was thinking,” Sherlock began, his chest feeling much too small to encase his heart, in that moment.
“I… I’d suspected, but I hadn’t dared hope. After our initial——” Sherlock huffs, frustrated with himself. “I told you I was married to my work, and…afterward, when I realized that you meant a great deal to me, I didn’t dare hope, it would have been…too difficult.”
“Ah, right, sorry.” He allows the dog to do his business but stares straight ahead at nothing as he continues. “Furthermore, John’s taking the lead of the situation insinuates that there’s a reason for him to take the upper hand, no? Or, alternately, perhaps he wants to be in charge, perhaps that means that with men he—wait, no, that’s not, no.”
Sherlock then delved for Hanzu’s times, wondering if he was somehow likely to podium, or to threaten Moriarty’s (and therefore his own) likelihood of medalling. There was nothing to suggest that the young man would even fall in the top of the B level competitors; that avenue of investigation was a dead end, then.
Yet still, even after his spectacular losses and public persona issues, they were calling him the ‘Distinguished Dynamo,’ a name that had stuck due to the trademark smart suits that he favored over the traditional athletic-wear of his peers. He would do the morning interviews in tailored Dolce and Gabbana while the snowboarders would show up bedraggled and donning their patriotic, puffy coats, long hair untamed. The ice dancers would look prim and proper but lacked his flair and eye for fashion.
“I’m sorry to hear that, but I come bearing good news. This here is my friend John Watson; we came up through medical school together. He was just about the top of our class.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he squeezed John’s arms lightly. “With a bathtub, if it will make you say yes.”
Mike just smiles back at him and says, “They were just going to cover all of the NHS stuff; told her you’re a veteran and a doctor and you were set. Just sign the papers and you’re officially a Bart’s employee once again.”
Sherlock’s voice is his normal cadence and tone when he continues on, “I’ve never particularly enjoyed the idea of yearning after a straight man, but I don’t believe it would have done me any good if I’d labored under the assumption that you could be attracted to me sexually. You’d always dated women.”
He lavished attention on John’s testicles, testing the heft of each one in turn, darting roguishly behind to press wet kisses against John’s perineum. He ran the flat of his tongue slowly up the underside of John’s cock, licking teasingly all the while, before suckling at the end, tonguing the beads of precome that had gathered and savoring them for a brief moment. He teased John, gathering his foreskin up and over before allowing it to retract once more, the tip of his tongue flicking against the frenulum.
Sherlock’s left hand held John’s hip while the other cradled his damp testicles, rolling them in time with the pulls of his mouth. Still, John seemed restrained; he wasn’t bucking up or keening out, and it prickled at Sherlock.  “Oh, don’t hold back now,” he pulled off to growl and then pressed a knuckle over John’s perineum, slick with come.
John is signed in at the front desk and follows Mike along to the far bank of lifts; he doesn’t pause to take it all in, because it’s all so familiar to him. Barts has had improvements made over the years, but they’re still the same halls that John dashed through, running late to an anatomy class, the same halls where he learned what it felt like to have someone die beneath his hands.
John ran his hands over his face and stood, swiping his palms against his thighs as he did so. Sherlock levered himself up into a sitting position and assessed the state of the sitting room, wondering if he could simply be lazy and allow the maid service to tidy it all up.
Lestrade rolls his eyes and continues speaking on the phone, holding up a solitary finger and telling Sherlock silently to wait. Instead, Sherlock reaches across the desk and picks up a folder, begins idly flipping through it even as Lestrade waves his hands in a very distracting manner.
what he should do with John Watson. Sherlock hadn’t bothered to deduce anything about John’s sexual orientation--dull, boring, and pointless unless he could use the knowledge to his advantage--but he’ll surely make note of it the next time he sees the man.
Sherlock can’t help the bite that in his voice--the impatience that’s always there--but it’s not as malicious as he perhaps could be. Pursing his lips, John steps forward and looks down at the cup. “Black?”
Both of John’s brows perked upward. A question, a challenge. They’d been running around like mad over the past few months, putting their extracurricular habit of getting involved in Scotland Yard’s business on pause in order to both take positions in their respective fields of expertise. John had spent much of his winter in Colorado with the Junior’s biathlon team, and Sherlock had been making the championship circuit as an expert commentator.
But he’s getting ahead of himself, allowing his mind to spiral out of control. He has to get through
Turning his face this way and that, he tries to understand the ways in which John thinks he’s attractive. Sherlock isn’t a terribly vain man, or perhaps just a little; he knows the effect he has on men and women alike. He knows how to “turn it on.” But he can’t for the life of him figure out what a man like
John asks, and sends it off. He finds himself wondering about Guest, what the person looks like, if it’s a male or a female, where they’re located in London. He comes up with a few dozen amalgamations about what this person
When Sherlock comes, he very nearly sits up, abs contracting as his mouth pulls into a grimace, against John’s, sloppy kissing turning to simply smears of contact. With every pulse of his cock he moans, like he’s been punched, like he’s being bled dry, and all into John’s mouth. It takes long seconds for the spasms to stop, for Sherlock’s muscles to unclench, relax.
Two users appear and ask other questions of the room and John watches the screen with interest, waiting for guest_47995 to respond. It’s another entire page of text input before an alert pops up on the right hand side: “guest_47995 has left the chat.”
He chatted absently when the people seated near him would bring him into the conversation, if only to stave off boredom. After a bit, he zoned out, taking the opportunity to call to mind the names and abilities of the other skiers against whom he would be competing. There was a large list and he compared himself to the others, knowing full well that his main competition would be James Moriarty.
There are ellipses that appear and disappear several times; the anxiety in Sherlock’s stomach notches up another level with each appearance and disappearance.
John frowns and sits back on the hard, wooden chair, staring at the text input screen of his newly-minted blog. He can’t think of a thing to say, can’t think of one single part of his day that’s compelling enough to share on the web. He’d spent a good two hours learning how to set the damn thing up, change the font to his liking, and add a photo, but now it all seems like such a waste.
Generally, Sherlock deleted information that wasn’t relevant to him, or wasn’t important enough to skiing to warrant keeping in his mind. But there was something, a niggling little something that pricked at the back of his brain...
John smiled, chin tipping up and accepting Sherlock’s mouth on his, the innocent kiss turning heated quickly, Sherlock’s robe slipping open just a bit to bare the middle of his chest. John shook off Sherlock’s hands, bringing them low around Sherlock’s waist, fingertips pressing suggestively against the firm curve of arse beneath.
His search pulled up many results, and Sherlock clicked through each one, scanning the information for anything out of place. The first three articles were all course-related, too much snow, too many trees, too steep an incline. The fourth article made mention of a World Cup competitor, Geoff Rungren, who Sherlock had recalled skiing against in his youth. They hadn’t crossed paths much in the past ten years as Rungren had skied giant slalom when he went pro.
Everything he comes up with seems trite and ridiculous; he imagines himself saying it all aloud and feels a total fool. His fingertips tap over the keys but everything that comes to mind he dismisses as being somehow
“Yes,” Sherlock confirms as he sips primly from his own cup of soju, fluttering his eyelashes coquettishly.
Sherlock shrugged, hands deep in the pockets of his light jacket. “Why lie? I’m fantastic at what I do.”
They made it on wobbly legs to the sofa and Sherlock stretched out, one foot on the floor for leverage as John sat in the space between his legs, hands at hips and pectorals and biceps. Their lips met and slid and pressed and parted to leave room for hasty and delighted breaths. John was laid on Sherlock’s chest and seemed content to be there, propped up by an elbow as they exchanged their kisses easily.
“Ah, interested in the friend, though,” he says and John presses his lips together in a straight line, attempts not to give anything away. “Are they…” Sherlock glances around the cafe and then innocently back at John. “Late?”
When Sherlock again opened his eyes, it was to low lighting and very faint elevator music; glancing down at his watch he was stunned to note that he’d fallen asleep and had been out for nearly two hours; the hotel staff hadn’t bothered to wake him. With a stiff back he made his way to the front desk, and at not being able to find a living soul to help him, slinked up to his room. Perhaps the clerks were still tending to his keycard situation.
John silently chuckled, head lolling back on his shoulders; he looked down at Sherlock from over the bridge of his nose. “Lunch, would you like to get lunch?”
Sherlock slumped down onto his bed, quite content for the time being; he crossed his legs and closed his eyes, basking in a shaft of sunlight that was slotting in through the curtains and warming his pillow. He’d review the information packet about the Parade of Nations in a bit, but for the moment he wanted to relax and center himself, give his mind a bit more time to recover from the hell he’d put it through in the days previous.
John meandered through the crowd and elbowed his way to the bar; Greg was silent next to Sherlock until the crush of people effectively enveloped John and he was out of sight.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that. He turns it over in his head for quite some time, deliberately avoiding how John5NF’s offer makes him feel. That someone cares, that someones wants to hear what he has to say is, well, extraordinary.
There is no immediate response and so Sherlock decides to unpack his things from the case and does a cursory tidy of the flat. The last time he’d left the place a disaster Redbeard had gotten a hold of a very rare academic tome that Sherlock had been perusing and had ruined it entirely. By the time he returns, John has only just responded.
“You’re back from the war and you want to collect your pension, and to get your pension you have to do the prescribed course of treatment set out by the army once being discharged, of course you have a therapist.” Sherlock shrugs and rounds the body, peeking down at the hair on the dead man’s head. “You’ll have, hm… a small bedsit, somewhere that’s cheap but not far from Barts. You are…” Sherlock glances at him, “Not an only child and, ah, yes, single.”
“I --” Sherlock begins, before ducking his head and sucking in a quick breath. “This is surreal. I never thought I’d have you,” and it’s perhaps the first time John has heard Sherlock whisper, really whisper. The sentiment steals the breath from John’s lungs and fills him to the brim with a manic sort of need to prove to Sherlock, with his body, just how thoroughly he’s loved.
John knows, or had suspected, that Sherlock had been through rehab before, though he never speaks of it. “Ah,” is all he says in response, his blood rushing uncomfortably in his ears, his heartbeat picking up.
about it; that wouldn’t do at all. The man had him confused and slightly reckless and wanting, wanting of something he only had the most
Jutting his chin out, John nodded once crisply and stood with military rigidity., “Those terms okay by you?”
“But I always forget something!” Sherlock whine-laughed, turning to pick up the mail John had discarded.
“Yes.” Sherlock breathes, and now he’s focused entirely on John’s mouth. There’s a space of silence that John’s body takes as a chance to light up every nerve within him, drag him to the edge of expectation. “Now, kiss me.”
“No, probably not, but…” Sherlock released him and helped him back down into the chair. A moment later Sherlock was down on his knees in front of John, his palms resting on John’s thighs. “Three broken ribs, another four likely bruised, a bit of this,” he gestured at his face. “The inside of my mouth is a mess, but. Could have been a lot worse.”
“Alright Molly, we’ll get out of your hair,” Mike says as he pats her gently on the shoulder. “You hang in there.”
Glancing out at the bleachers, he saw they were packed with people, many waving flags. The Union Jack undulated and flapped in the wind and Sherlock felt a very brief pang of nationalistic honor.
“This is…” he sighs, glancing at all of the people in the park, at the couples strolling happily along hand in hand, at the pairs and groups of friends chatting and laughing. “Am I the only one who doesn’t understand this?”
Head tipping back, he sucks in a breath, and laughs; the laugh turns to a moan as Sherlock hums and follows the arc of John’s head, tips forward, and gently suckles at John’s carotid.
Hanzu trained in Bern alongside many of the elite racers in this Olympics. His coach - who could not be reached for comment - once said that with a little bit more training, Hanzu would break into the A class skiers at the Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Greg laughed and pulled him into a hug which a stiff Sherlock barely returned, rigid in his arms, though he did manage a weak pat on the back. “Sight for sore eyes you are. Still a hopeless arsehole.”
KRASNAYA POLYANA, Russia -- Firmly establishing himself as the man to beat, Sherlock Holmes was fastest Saturday in the final Olympic downhill training run. Holmes finished in 2 minutes, 6.09 seconds, three days before the first medal race on the Alpine schedule. The 36-year-old Brit also turned in the top time in Thursday's opening training session. Coming in a narrow second was the British-born Swiss racer James Moriarty.
“It does make sense. And it…doesn’t. Sometimes, and forgive my own foray into hyperbole, but, often times it seems as though I was simply existing, waiting for you to arrive in my life. Which is a stupidly, tragically romantic and an intrinsically fictionalized way to say… you’re the only possible thing I’ve felt as though I’d been fated for.”
“Yeah, heh, Molly isn’t in, she’s out to lunch, won’t be back for another forty minutes,” John checks his watch. “I’m guessing.” He finishes smoothing down the canvas of his jacket and lets his hands fall to his sides, fingers curved slightly into a ball.
Eventually, John puts his menu down and folds his hands atop the table, the perforated surface leaving little diamonds embellished into his skin. Sherlock looks at those, too. John’s hands, the blunt fingers and the neatly-trimmed nails, the way his knuckles press into one another. Then John’s wholly unremarkable wrists; Sherlock’s eyes travel up the length of gingham shirt, linger on John’s shoulders–strong, wide, but not garishly so–the curve of his neck, the tiniest bit of stubble coloring his jaw.
questions. They wouldn’t take the excuse of ‘not your coach,’ they’re insinuating things, and if we don’t shut the rumors down right now--”
“I’m certain that we left no evidence of our presence; he’s likely just referring to what was printed in the papers about the two of us. He has no concrete proof,” Sherlock said reassuringly. Despite his words though, he kept finding his eyes straying to the doorway, caution winning out. No one had any real evidence that anything was going on between the two of them, but over the past day they really hadn’t done much to hide that they knew one another and in fact had grown very close. “Let’s go upstairs and talk about it, Lestrade should be there.”
Sherlock shot him a dazzling grin over his shoulder as he plucked a bottle of wine out of his modest rack. “Will this suit?” Holding the bottle up for John’s inspection, he stepped closer, wrapping a hand around John’s hip.
There’s an audible swallow, not scotch, just Sherlock preparing. John is glad for the noise, for the intent of it, because it gives him a moment to prepare for whatever Sherlock is about to say. “Just, he was ABD, and was going back to finish up his PhD. He frequented the only club that I could get… well. He was there. I was there. We met.”
exactly Sherlock was still unsure, but they’re been caught at something. He could only imagine the rumors that were circulating. He wanted to remain aloof, uncaring of what the media said about him, but he was worried, anxiously so. While he couldn’t really afford the negative press at the moment, he was more concerned how John would react, and just what they would do to him. Would they dog him down, shove cameras in his face, air every last thing they knew about him to the public?
“Right, due respect Greg but I can take care of myself. I think I’ve made that rather clear, yeah?” John was standing now, arms crossed tightly over his chest. “I’m in this, and I want to be in this. Just so everything is plain.”
In a flash he darted off of the bed and turned on the lamp, revealing a mass of sickeningly yellow gerberas, and only yellow gerberas, no filler at all. Sherlock nearly had to shield his eyes for the violent color of it as he stepped forward and plucked the card off of the display.
Still, there was no denying that Moriarty had skill, cutting right through the difficult angles of turns and preparing for jumps with a sort of grace that Sherlock even had to admit was impressive.Throughout the entire run he only wobbled once, but brashly leaned into the turn he was making and came out of it miraculously unscathed.
Greg laughed and Sherlock’s mouth perked up at John’s bashful but kind attitude. Settling his forearms on the table, he began to relax and took a sip from his drink.
“I said shut up,” Sherlock very nearly shouted and John finally heeded his demand and they fell into silence.
Stepping back in, John leans the bottles carefully on the little ledge and takes Sherlock’s hips in his hands. “Alright?”
Sherlock finds himself sitting back, watching John snatch up bits of food, testing each, pulling the dishes that are spicy closer to himself as he flicks his gaze to Sherlock’s, seemingly expecting a reaction. When Sherlock doesn’t speak, John pauses in his chewing.  “What?”
“I,” he rolls his eyes, his optic nerves feeling the strain of this gesture more acutely as he’s employed it heavily over the last hour. “He’s not… awful.”
“Are you quite through?” Sherlock growled and stood, motioning for the rest of his prep crew to make their way over.
Sherlock tips his head back, silent for a moment. His right brow quirks in a perfect curve, “Savor it?” Sherlock asks with a note of genuine confusion in his tone, stepping away from John.
The look that Molly gives him proves she’s not buying it. “Sherlock Holmes, how long have I known you?” She doesn’t pause to give him time to respond. “I know when you’re not… you. When you’re… hiding something.”
Molly took a step back, huffed, but was not deterred “Listen, just because you don’t like to have fun-”
There’s a tic in Sherlock’s cheek, and then he’s smiling in such a bashful manner, it immediately renders in John the desire to gather him close and cuddle him up. Sherlock states plainly, as though he’s both caught in wonder and quite proud of himself, “Me.”
When Sherlock stood once more, his head still swimming, he realized he’d been surrounded: by other competitors--namely the silver and bronze medallists, his ski team, Greg, reporters, and about a dozen course officials who were trying their best to keep the peace.
Sherlock’s eyes were lidded, he felt his cheeks heat with a flush and he looked at John as a sated smile spread across his lips. “I’m quite the surprise.”
“Shut up!” he shouts to the empty room and drops off to sleep without realizing he’s being pulled under.
But they’ve weathered horrible things, violent deaths, utter despair; how can John really believe that admitting his love would cause them further pain? It’s ridiculous. They’re being entirely ridiculous, and they should just damned-well do something about this.
They exchanged a brief heated glare that Sherlock severed, appearing to be too caught up in his reps to pay the man any more mind.
And Sherlock is slanting his mouth over John’s, moving gently and deliberately, two fingers just pressing into John’s law, guiding him. It’s something so slow that John feels as though they might be moving backwards through time, such a deliberate and decadent meeting of mouths. The shadowy silence of the hallway only serves to heightness the sweet rawness of it all.
It’s not enough to cure all, it’s not enough to lift the dark cloud that looms above him permanently, but John finds himself looking at a child sneaking in to pick a daisy, and smiles for real, for the first time in what feels like years.
Sherlock figured that neither one of them would come up with much without actually getting a look at the equipment but he found he was still disappointed. “There’s nothing for it, then, we’ll need to be putting your skills to work.”
It’s a short ride to the seventh floor, and an even shorter walk through the bullpen to Lestrade’s office. Just as predicted, someone chimes in, before they’ve made it inside the sleek, glass vestibule of the detective inspector’s office.
His stomach did a little flip, much to his chagrin. John was simply being doctorly, Sherlock was sure of it, but his lesser emotions betrayed him, finding affection in a gesture that was likely typical of people in John’s profession. John was a caretaker and as such had wanted to assure that Sherlock was at his best when he went to perform for the day.
“No,” John says, his voice half-delight and half-horror. “I remember you saying you couldn’t wait to get out of there.”
He’s a little lightheaded, as the reality filters all the way past the haze that their passion has created in his mind, the fact that he’s finally able to express to Sherlock exactly what he feels. With his body, with his mouth, he can finally set all of his demons and caution aside and allow himself to love Sherlock, properly.
Sherlock flushes, but says nothing, tips his chin up so John can drop another kiss on his mouth. Sherlock is pliant and open and it takes a moment for John to decide what he wants to do with his hands.
It’s all a bit baffling, dumbfounding, exhilarating and terrifying, but as Sherlock snuffles and wriggles back, John decides to make a concerted effort to let it go. A slow breath blown out and John closes his eyes.
Sherlock laughed, rolled slowly and carefully over onto his stomach and smooshed his face into the pillow momentarily. When he came up for air, he found that John had rounded the bed and was securing his watch on his wrist. “And where are you going?”
There was a slight little smile on his lips when he stepped forward and sat next to John on the sofa. “No need to apologize. It’s… alright. I’m glad you’re here.”
that he hadn’t been on hand for it. He may be able to detach from certain things, but he’s not sure he would have been able to mask his obvious horror if he’d been there in person.
.” John’s hands settled on Sherlock’s hips, thumbs dipping below the band of the boxer briefs. “You look like you stepped out of a magazine.”
There were only a few athletes waiting outside the warming hut, all chatting cautiously, and Sherlock rounded them swiftly so as not to get caught up in conversation. He didn’t ask who’d already taken a training run and he didn’t care to know; Sherlock always preferred taking his first run blind, just letting his mind soak up the specifics of the course.
John had promised himself, that if he could have Sherlock back even for a day, he’d unload all of the complicated, fractured, fucked up parts of his heart for Sherlock to dissect and accept or reject as he pleased. John had reasoned, in the weeks after Sherlock’s death, that if he’d just have the chance to say any of the millions of things contained in his heart, he might have had a chance at moving on.
Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the sitting room window. “Moriarty is doctoring athletes’ skis,” he said without preamble, meeting Lestrade’s gaze as the information sunk in. “We found a log book with monetary values and various elite and junior athletes’ names. We found the log in a lock box containing various compounds, all of which appeared to be wax. Moriarty doctored Hanzu’s skis, I’m
They find a tavern with a short waitlist and sidle up to the bar. Dark wood and low beams make for a shadowy space, the history of the place closing in around them, and John has to squint to read the list of draughts. Sherlock grabs it from him before he’s finished, unsurprisingly.
John’s gaze lingers on the door for quite some time, until he finally looks away, finds that it’s nine-forty-five and checks his email, a last-ditch effort. But there are no new messages, no new pieces of mail.
Moran took a breath and turned back towards his coat in the same moment that John coughed and sputtered and made a splitting sound. Sherlock could only see the tips of John’s shoes, but he knew Moran had gone for another blow to the face. John was made of something formidable, something absolutely brilliant; as a veteran of the RAMC, he’d surely seen pain, endured it. Rationally, Sherlock knew that John was the stronger of the two of them, but the incessant, terrifying worry for John ate at the tiny shreds of composure remaining. He could only hope that someone showed up while John’s teeth were still intact.
“As I can see,” he returns, not unkindly, glancing around the space for any sign of John Watson. “I was hoping I could get another look at the jumper from yesterday, see if any new bruising has formed.”
Leaning on his cane, he hobbles to the Tube and takes the Circle Line out seventeen stops in order to attend his pension-required therapy session. There isn’t much to talk about with his therapist, because nothing ever happens to him. He hasn’t written anything in the blog as she had suggested, but ‘just creating it is progress,’ she says. He can’t fathom broaching the subject of his depression—even though
John spends the next day wandering aimlessly around the city. He feels like a stranger, though London was home to him for years before his deployment. He finds himself checking in on his old haunts: the pub he frequented in medical school, the deli with what he had once deemed to be the best sandwiches, Trafalgar Square and Regent’s Park. It all looks rather the same to him, though he knows it’s not.
Sherlock doesn’t sleep that evening, instead remaining awake to check on various bacterias and their growth. He needs to check them hourly, so in the meantime he composes. In the morning, after a brief and fruitless shouting session with Lestrade, he realizes that he hasn’t been to Barts in some time, and suits up for the jaunt across town.
John nods, and then again and then he’s squeezing Sherlock’s face between his hands, dropping sloppy kisses. “Yeah. Yes. Yes, okay Christ, love you, I… am in fucking love with you.” It all comes out too fast, a whirlwind, breath skittering and hopping over the words so they sound like another language; they topple them both. It pulls at them, diffuses, makes their bodies seem somehow too small a vessel for what they’re trying to contain.
“File on that evisceration in Vauxhall, boss,” Sally says, barging past Sherlock and dropping the file on Lestrade’s desk.
Sherlock worked him patiently, not giving in to John’s insistent demands for more, instead slowly wringing the pleasure out of him, until his back was slick and gleaming with perspiration and he was keening out in need. Only after he’d managed to reduce the resistance when he’d added a third finger did he crook his hand and allow himself to brush purposefully over John’s prostate.
“Mind palace?” John chuckles, running a finger slowly over Sherlock’s right shoulder. “Should I be flattered?” and after a nod, leaves Sherlock to it, cleaning himself up in the interim. When he’s through, Sherlock is still silent and motionless, and so John takes a risk, indulges in something he’s often thought of and takes it upon himself to shampoo and condition Sherlock’s hair.
“Oi!” John barked and slapped Sherlock’s pectoral with the back of his hand. “Watch it. I’m helping you, you colossal dick.”
Rolling his eyes again, he tossed the entire stack of mail back down on the table. “Fine, what else?” He crossed his arms, as though he were put out, but a faint smile lingered on his lips.
Sherlock just blinks at him, looking lost, and John is transported back, four years ago, to Sherlock helping him into the tub. “You make me feel… very lucky.”
“Fantastic!” Angelo booms and then he’s gone, leaving the two with the bottle of wine, sharing an amused expression. Sherlock does the honors, pouring out the tempranillo expertly and raising his glass to John’s in a light toast.
But even then, mired in his grief, months after he’d watched soil dropped carelessly onto the lid of the casket, John knew he was doomed for eternity to live with lovesick regret. And it’s that— his recollection of the promises he’d made to himself, tear-streaked and burrowed into bed—that make his mouth move before he can think any better of it.
Sherlock blinks once more, realigning his mind back on its axis, and plucks up his chopsticks. “Right, yes. Good.” His voice is sure, but his insides feel like there’s electricity lighting them up.
Sherlock grinned down at John, pressing his body in as close as he was able. “The only place for Italian in this city, in my opinion.”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, didn’t for one moment doubt who the mocking little smiley was from. He growled aloud and brought the edge of his mobile to his lips while he sussed out what to do. He was becoming increasingly restless, waiting in his room for word from either Greg or John.
“I don’t believe in fate,” Sherlock explains, places his palm on the floor so that their pinky fingers are just brushing. “But there are things… certain principles and amorphous ideas that I’d never considered before you.”
I'd intended to post this during the Winter Olympics, but life got in the way. My thanks to my darling
“Sure, but there wasn’t the prospect of me taking you home afterward,” John jokes, realizing a moment too late that perhaps he should skirt the issue of sex for a bit, let them get accustomed to everything that’s been said.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow to slits, and, rather than looking confused, his interest is now clearly piqued. “Do you now?”
you find something, there’s going to be a media circus, a scandal, and it’s going to cause the IOC to turn a serious eye on all skiers. Are you sure you’re ready for that?”
this?” he laments aloud, even going so far as to thunk his head off the door as he grasps at the hair above his ears. “Idiot!”
