John looked up at him, “Sometimes even the best care isn’t enough, Mycroft. You’re not a god. You can’t
“Don’t what? Don’t shoot your little fucktoy’s brilliant brain out? Why shouldn’t I? It would finally get him out of our way.”
During his two years away, that was all he dreamt about, whenever he was able to get sleep. John back home in London, unaware of what Sherlock was doing, befriending one of Moriarty’s men, only to get himself killed. He knew, logically, that John would never be that careless, but he always still had his fears.
One of the doctors turned to him a few hours into the surgery and said, “Sir, were you aware that Mr. Holmes has hanahaki disease? It’s fairly far along, like he had contracted it several years ago.”
“Careful of the ribs, baby. They’re a little bruised.” She rubbed her back, shushing her, a serene smile on her face. Sherlock looked to Lestrade, who nodded, and the two of them were dismissed.
Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, “And I want you to stay. I know last week I made it seem like I didn’t but I do. I want you here all the time. I don’t want hotel rooms and lunch break takeaway every other week. I want to be the one you come home to.”
“Someone long gone,” he whispered. He took the flowers to the open window and threw up the screen, dropping the blooms to the street below. When Sherlock looked up in the glass pane above him, though, he saw the disdain on Mary’s turned away face. She knew.
Walking up the seventeen steps to Baker Street felt like a gauntlet. He didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, but he knew he had to. Sherlock hung his coat and still kept his eyes away from John. He stood in the middle of the sitting room, shoulders hunched, gripping the bridge of his nose. Then his shoulders started to shake. John stepped forward and wrapped him in his arms again, “You’re alright, love. You’re home. You saved her. She’s alright.”
It happened often for the two of them. When someone goes through that much trama, together and apart, nightmares were bound to happen. For John, in the beginning, it was Afghanistan, gunfire and dust and wind storms. Adam and Michael and… James. When it was just him, waking up alone, constantly shaking hand finally still, he knew what was wrong with his mind. He missed the war, but he hated what it made him into. When he woke up next to Sherlock, though, it made everything a little better, the pain a little more bearable, but John was always shaken.
“We were too busy worrying about what to do with the information ourselves before we tried explaining it,” Sherlock said, looking a bit ashamed.
Sherlock hummed, “I don’t think you do. If I could change any part of this, I never would have jumped. Or I would have taken you with me. I wouldn’t have stayed gone. I couldn’t imagine being in a world without you for any longer than I was.”
That night. Seeing John again. It was so much for Sherlock. And the woman that was with him. Mary. A girlfriend. And John was angry. Reasonably so. When John tackled him to the floor of the Landmark, Sherlock felt the stitches on his back splitting. And when John left him standing on the street, Sherlock coughed, just to clear his throat, and a few blossoms of clove landed in his palm. He crushed them and dropped them on the ground as he walked away.
He coughed the flowers up as his place was made on the pavement, one of his homeless network looking at him with sympathy.
And sometimes they looked at their pictures together, pointing out differences between them then and them now. The photographs are just prove that they made it to where they wanted to be.
“Not if I have any say in it,” Mycroft said, voice steady, “My contacts have assured me that the best care can be put in place for Rosamund.”
“There’s a proposed chemotherapy regimen and payment plan in the packet. If there’s anything else I can do at this stage, please don’t hesitate to give me a call.” She rose and extended a hand to John, which he shook, and to Sherlock, who begrudgingly did the same.
John leaned back, a small, sad smile on his face, “I don’t want to get rid of my flowers, Sherlock. I’d rather let this disease kill me. Or…”
Molly came to his side, most likely thinking he had collapsed from exhaustion or just ordinary sickness, but when she saw the flowers before him, she crouched beside him, a hand on his shoulder, “Oh, Sherlock…” she whispered.
He was on the roof, looking down at John. He could feel the flowers in his throat, but he spoke through them, around them, getting everything to John, except the words he most wanted to say. When he couldn’t speak around them anymore, he told John goodbye, and jumped.
Mary wrapped an arm around his shoulder and he had to do everything in his power not to flinch, “It’s over now. He solved another one.” John heard the mild contempt in her voice but decided not to dwell on it. She turned to plate dinner, spag bol, and placed it in front of him, “I leave in and hour. I should be home a little after six. If Rosie is still asleep, don’t wake me up when you leave. I’ll get up when she does.”
Mycroft placed a steady hand on John’s shoulder and walked out of the flat to call people. John and Sherlock sat and just looked at each other, not saying anything. John’s throat worked around the words he held there, all the thank yous and apologies he should have said years ago but kept at bay because it would lead to something… more. Something that he didn’t think either of them were ready for, even after almost eleven years.
John kissed Sherlock’s shoulder, “She takes after you. You’ve always been a night owl. Go get her, then. Bring her down and see if we can get at least another hour.” He released Sherlock and rolled onto his back, watching as he pulled a dressing gown off the back of the door and wrapped it around himself.
The men in the room were silent, the weight of the situation closing in around them. There were no certainties in this situation. There never were. The only thing they knew in that moment was that the little girl they all adored needed them more than anything. Now was not the time for arguments.
After he met John those dreams became more frequent. Those, and the nightmares he started having after the Pool. The ones where it didn’t end the same way, and the ones where Moriarty succeeded in burning his heart by taking John. He never told John about those, not until years later.
John and Sherlock separated, Sherlock grabbing the duffle bag, John grabbing Rosie, and the little family headed toward the flat.
Doctors, scientists, and philosophers have all agreed that the disease can be caused by unrequited love. However, they still had no clue as to why the flowers begin to grow. They have also speculated that in most cases, the flowers that grow within the host mimic the feelings that the host has by way of the language of flowers. Hence why Sherlock was now coughing up lily petals. He was hopelessly devoted to John, but over the last few months, that had become apparent.
Molly left it there, just rubbed his back for a few more minutes and helped him clean up the mess he’d made. If only there was a way to clean up the other mess that was growing around him.
Sherlock shook his head and stood, “Fifteen minutes to there from here, approximately eight if you use your siren. She’s been there three days already. There’s no time to lose.” He swung his Belstaff around himself and exited Lestrade’s office, both him and John following on his heels.
Mycroft sighed through his nose and shook his head, “No, that’s not what I mean at all. While you’ve been gone, they’ve confirmed that people can contract hanahaki just by thinking their feelings are unrequited.”
Sherlock nodded and John kissed him, tasting the subtle salt of his tears. He pulled back and checked his watch. 4:25. He had to go home.
Sherlock’s inhales were audible now, which sent Rosie into her ‘Sherlock’s Protector’ mode, “Sherlock,” she whispered, turning to face him, a small hand imitating tucking his curls behind his ear like he did for her when she cried, “why sad?” The concern in her small voice broke John’s heart.
The cloud of drunkenness dissipated from Sherlock’s mind as John’s question registered. Sherlock did what he did best when it came to John. He protected him. He lied, “No, John. I don’t have it anymore.”
John nodded, eating in silence, listening to his daughter babble and his wife talk about her day. He was already formulating how he was going to get out of here.
John finally turned around, “What? No. Sherlock, no, I would never do that. It’s just that sometimes it’s hard for me. I go back to a dark place every once in a while and I don’t want to worry you.”
Two years passed as slowly as possible. Sherlock’s wrists hung from the walls of the cell of Baron Maupertuis. A pile of flowers laid at his feet, decaying and rotting. The flowers had changed over his time away. Baby’s breath and clove.
He was in front of Molly at the lab when the full flowers started. Lilies, full buds of acacia, all with small flecks of blood covering them, landed in front of him on the floor. He followed them, his knees hitting the linoleum.
John sighed, “Good. I don’t want her last memory of her mother to be one where she’s being escorted out in handcuffs.”
John sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, placing his hand over the bullet wound scar, the only one that still brought him fury, “What if I don’t want to wait for the next case? What if I want to come home?”
John’s chest tightened, “I know, Sherlock. That’s what I want, too. You know I do. But you always tell me to be careful, be smart, be safe when I bring it up.”
“You go back to when I was away, don’t you?” John nodded. Sherlock stood and stopped right in front him, “You could have just told me.” He placed a hand on John’s hip and the other on John’s cheek.
John was roused from his good dreams by the shifting in his arms. Rays of sunlight had yet to filter in through the windows. He pulled the slim body closer, possessive in his early waking, “Stay. It’s not even light out yet.”
“And Daddy’s right,” Mycroft said, “that’s why he took you to the doctors so they could figure out how to make it so you wouldn’t get sick anymore.”
Sherlock was on his best behavior for the longest time. Being kind, but not too kind, to both John and Mary. Because John was marrying her. And Sherlock was helping them plan the wedding.
“And I think we would prefer a few days to recuperate before the barrage of questions. Our flat isn’t a crime scene is it?”
“I’m on my way.” The click of the receiver, the finality of Mycroft’s tone, all of it spoke volumes to John. The Holmes brothers would do absolutely anything for the Watsons. Anything. John would never take anything either of them did for granted again.
“John, please don’t be obtuse.” Sherlock was pleading. It seemed to John that he would fall to his knees and fully beg before long.
John was livid. He had found Sherlock in a drug den surrounded by people who should have been long behind him. And he was high. Molly had confirmed it. And if she hadn’t been the one to smack him, John would have done it himself. How dare he go and throw away his life? How dare he?
Sherlock, with his uncanny ability, caught them a cab in less than a minute, not looking at John as he slid in the backseat. John, in a gesture of solidarity, placed his hand palm up in the seat between them. Sherlock took it, still facing away from him. John could see the tears falling in the reflection in the window.
“Parents?” he asked. Sherlock nodded vaguely, eyes staring off. John looked down at the file. In the photo, Olive was smiling, tucking a piece of dense, dark, curly hair behind her ear. Dark skin, kind brown eyes, wearing a South Bank jumper, “Have you asked the girlfriend where the parents live?”
“You may wanna record this for the future, but I trust my brother, and I trust science. I also trust Rosamund Scott Watson will make use of her Watson gene and be strong. She’s Rosie. She’s
John looked at the man before him, the man who had tried his hardest to prove himself to John in the last few years, even stepped back from whatever it was they were about to cross, all for him and Rosie. The least he could do in that moment was let him call his brother for help. John nodded.
John swallowed, “That’s not enough.” He cupped Sherlock’s ribs where his scar was, “I want her arrested. I want her arrested for what she did to you. To us.”
John nodded, and they exited the car. Lestrade walked up to the door and knocked, “New Scotland Yard, Mr. and Mrs. Santos. Open the door.” The three men stood still for a few moments, waiting for an answer. When one didn’t come, Sherlock nudged Lestrade out of the way, turning the knob. The door opened soundlessly.
As he laid on the pavement, looking up at a broken John, he felt an entire bouquet rise up his throat, but he did his best to stifle them and the coughs. His homeless network, dressed as medical personnel, lifted him from the ground and pushed him away. As the doors closed behind him, he heard John begin to cough.
Olive sighed, “Mum? A year and a half. Daddy? Two weeks. We’d been meeting ever since I left. The last time I saw him he said he’d talk to Mum and call me when she was ready to talk. I think that’s what set her off. He was still on his meds when I saw him last.”
“Fine. You can have that. If that’s all you truly want, you can have it. Sherlock doesn’t need to die.”
.” There was a groan as he hoisted her into the air, “Let’s go see what Daddy and Sherlock are up to, hm?” When the two entered the flat, the umbrella was forgotten in the entryway in favor of much more precious cargo.
John pulled back the kitchen door, finding Sherlock’s in home lab. Sherlock felt the anger radiating off of John. There was a growl of anger, then a crashing of glass all over the kitchen floor, “Tell me why you thought this was a good idea?”
Sherlock flinched. He didn’t want John to make the right assumption, but another part of him prayed he would. That maybe Molly was right. That maybe, just maybe…
John pocketed his phone as they pulled up to the hospital, shaking his head. Sherlock shifted beside him, “She gave you a time limit,” he whispered.
John did. One or both of them would die. That had always been quite clear to him. And if he had to hazard a guess, he would be the one left alive, left to suffer, left to mourn. He kissed Sherlock’s sternum in reply. He combed a hand through John’s hair, “Come on, dear man. Get dressed.” So John did, his heart fitting its own armor on in tandem.
John twirled the small bloom between his thumb and forefinger, just staring at it, “Alright.” He sounded defeated, “I won’t ask you to.”
“Olive Santos, twenty-two, last seen by her girlfriend Friday morning. Said she was going back home to her parents to try and fix their relationship. The girlfriend, Anya, said that Olive only meant to be gone a few hours, but she had hope that everything was going well. It was when Olive didn’t answer her calls that she got worried,” Lestrade said, handing John a picture and file. He looked to Sherlock, who had his hands already steepled under his chin.
“How can you compartmentalize this so quick? I understand you have the intellect, but this is my daughter. I can’t do it.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, “Not always. When she gets older, she’ll understand. She’ll be able to sit in with us, have a say in what happens next.”
“So, Miss Santos,” Lestrade said, small pad in his hand, “You’re sure your father wasn’t the mastermind behind this?”
“Just cough, Sherlock, you’ll feel better,” Mycroft said from the corner of the room. So Sherlock did.
Sherlock stayed silent again, hoping to any god that was listening that John was drunk enough to not remember this in the morning.
He had first heard of hanahaki disease when he was young. It was when he first started showing an interest in science. There was a documentary on television that he watched, and if he was honest, he was enamored. The documentary covered every basis. There was an archeological portion where they found some victims of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius with fossilized flowers where their lungs would have been. There was also a beat for beat comparison between the flowers that come from the disease and their wild counterparts. There were no differences.
He moved across the concrete floor to the other room where Olive was still bound, “Olive,” he said lightly, tapping her face. She opened her eyes, fear immediately overtaking them, “Sh, sh, sweetheart, it’s alright. I’m here to get you out. You’re alright. You’re safe now.”
Sherlock placed a hand on John’s, squeezing lightly, “We can’t. We’ve been here three days. I solved the case yesterday.”
Lestrade nodded, “She didn’t know. She didn’t meet Olive until after she and her parents fell out. Have people working it out now.”
“Rosie’s tests…” Sherlock choked, tears gathering in his eyes again. John had never seen his heart so clearly, “Rosie’s tests came back positive… for acute myeloid leukemia. Mycroft, she…”
Two of the three officers took the detective's nipples into their mouths, sucking and teasing them, alternating their mouths and hands to play with them, making him groan and buck wildly as Anderson grabbed Sherlock's head and pushed his whole cock inside the sleuth's mouth.
"We don't know yet when our plane will leave," John replied. He preferred to recover a few days before the girl saw him. Sherlock nodded, holding back a sigh of relief.
He ran his tongue eagerly over the tip of Greg's cock, over the glans, playing with it on the slit, delighted with the moans and grunts coming from the DI's mouth, who not only that he was enjoying the expert mouth of the British Government to the full, but that he would soon lose control.
Sherlock raised his head from his phone when he felt the presence of one of the children standing next to him.
"He is worried about me. He realizes something's wrong with me, no matter how much he denies it. It's my fault".
However, there was a time when that alleyway became almost his home, and its inhabitants were practically his family. Until he met Lestrade, and the DI helped him to put it all behind him.
"I thought of him as a bossy busybody. It wasn't until now that I understood why he needed to control everything," he frowned, "he had a hard time with all this."
"So it seems you have something to do after the honeymoon, related to your special husband and magnificent daughter."
"I couldn't warn you, but I could make all of you stay away from me. Gregory let it slip that you told John about Serbia".
Anthea froze, reading Sherlock's text message. She was a couple of blocks from Baker Street, about to reach the scaffolding to climb up to the floor. She knew it meant she should warn Irene they were going after Rosie. She was texting when she received another one in the same urgent tone:
"I want this! The one with one brown and one blue eye" cried Rosie, pointing at a Blue Merle Border Collie, with white chest and grey-blueish tinged fur, and dark patches along his back, tail, face and ears.
He mumbled a curse. Accustomed to go alone and move without being noticed, he disregarded the footprints fourteen kids could leave on the muddy ground, clearly visible now. The fugitives only had to follow them and they’ll reach the dolmen. He ran back with the children and took his daughter apart.
"So the red thread of destiny connects the pinky fingers of both lovers" he unconsciously ran his finger over his and seemed to lose himself in a dream for a few seconds until he came back to reality.
Moran froze and slowly turned on his heels. He narrowed his eyes, a murderous gaze on them and stepped back near the detective.
He avoided the bandaged ribs and his tongue landed on the detective’s navel, circling it. Sherlock giggled and pulled John’s hair, trying to separate the wicked tongue from his ticklish spot, but John kept playing with his tongue around and inside Sherlock’s navel, feeling how the detective’s cock got even harder, making his hips thrust, looking for more friction with John’s body.
He wanted to keep his promise and not to open it, but the night they thought John had died, hearing Sherlock's mad laugh and thinking the detective had hit rock bottom, he decided to do it. He hoped to find something that would help him and something about Mycroft, but he never thought he could find anything like he read when he laid eyes on it, anything like…
John closed his eyes, remembering a shaky Sherlock clinging to him last night. Now he understood why he was terrified.
"That's imposs... "started Rosie, but stop talking when Sherlock raised his hand, asked her to wait.
The doctor pulled down the detective’s pajama pants, and Sherlock’s cock sprang up against his navel, red and twitching, dripping precome. John licked the shaft from the base to the head to finally engulf and suck it, making the detective moan and buck his hips wildly. John held them firmly, licking the gland, as Sherlock cried out, throwing his head back, his eyes tightly shut, his fingers tangled in John’s blonde hair.
“Oh, god, I can’t. Oh, fuuuuuuuk” sobbed Sherlock, his vision whitened, and he jerked wildly as he came just from John’s skilled tongue. Sherlock rode out his orgasm as he came onto the table, while John kept on fucking him with his tongue, his breath coming out in short pants as he tries collecting himself, his head resting on his arms.
“You waited for me to be ready when I told you I needed some time to get our relationship to a… physical level. Now you are asking me for some time before everyone knows we are together. It doesn’t bother me at all. I know you care about what people think, and I respect it.
“Friends’ camp!” repeated Rosie, though her face started to show disappointment. Clearly, their parents didn’t share her enthusiasm.
John turned around, smiling for himself. He read somewhere that sharing time with children awoke the inner child that lives inside every human being, and looking at the singing Sherlock, he could almost see the kid Mycroft described before the Victor Trevor’s incident, a light-hearted and playful one. He threw Rosie a complicit gaze and put a finger in his lips. If Sherlock realized what he was doing, the spell would be broken.
"Well, I mean, a mask. Someone who would try to frame the freak. There's a lot of people who want to get even with him. If he was convicted of murder and put him in jail, could you imagine what they'd do with him? He wouldn't last ten minutes.
She was weeping uncontrollably. Nothing was happening like she had imagined it when she made her wish. She wished to appear in all newspapers front pages, and she did, but to be pointed like the most incapable of all the previous DI’s. She wished to talk to the Chief Superintendent, and she did, only to be shouted by him. She wished Lestrade taught to her all his knowledge as DI, but he loathed her.
"That was ridiculous," John said, giggling madly at his side. "That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done."
The doctor also bogged down in a cloud of sexual pleasure bliss, not only for the fucking but for having Sherlock's at his mercy, for being able to melt the detective into the pleasure, to dominate him, to make him squirm, and beg, and lose his mind, to turn the genius into a bubbling and wanton creature unable to think or speak coherently.
John smiled proudly. He reached below the table, where there were water and flannels, wet one, and started wiping Sherlock's face and chest with it. The detective moaned sleepy, closed his eyes tightly, and clung even more to John, like a toddler refusing to wake up from his nap.
“You promised me that if I helped you to achieve to be DI we would have sex in your office, and that it would be the best sex of my life.”
“Relax, love, breathe, just breathe, yes, like this…” John’s tone was caring and affectionate, none of the previous playful teasing on it “I won’t move until you tell me I can, just relax and enjoy. I know I’m big…”
Sholto stood up and brought two chairs, placing each one aside from John, who took the detective's hand as soon as he sat down. He noticed his hesitation and knew enough of his fears and insecurities to understand what was going through Sherlock's restless mind.
"He was three years old, and I was teaching my son, who was six, to read. Since I couldn't take care of both of them, I gave him a book for his entertainment, and he sat in a corner with it. It had pictures in it, so I figured he was just looking at them. After ten days or so, he said he could read" the man laughed "of course, nobody believed him; his parents, his brother, and we were convinced he was just turning the pages or looking at the pictures. A few days later, arguing with his brother, he called him whippersnapper. When I asked him where he heard it, he showed me a book. And there was the word."
Sherlock went to the wooden planks that formed the wall and ran his finger through the dirt in between them.
The detective started the four-wheel drive and drove it westwards, along a narrow, rocky, uneven road.
Sherlock ran a finger down the doctor's arm from his left hand to his armpit, making him shiver, giving him goosebumps and getting a new twitch from the doctor's cock as he did so.
"Because…, because… you are Sherlock Holmes. You are clever and handsome and… I am only…me, nothing special, a soldier, a…" he whispered, feeling strange for confessing his feelings so openly, but relieved for being able to do it at last."
Everett gasped, not understanding why Thor didn't give him a hand. He stood motionless, watching him as he wrestled with more versions of himself with the same agonizing look that the detective had until now.
"It all seemed so real… he told me he was part of MI 6. He even showed me photos of my war crimes with me on them! I was horrified. I couldn't believe it, but, with all those proofs… How could I go back to my old life, my son, after committing those atrocities? I was disgusted and horrified by myself".
He only managed to make him scream when he hung the prisoner from a hook in the ceiling of his wrist restraints. This forced John, to avoid pain and further damage to his shoulder, to bear his weight with his left arm the best he could, until, exhausted, his muscles trembling from the strain, his brain dizzy from the pain of the blows, he couldn't take it anymore and let himself go. The outburst of the pain of his damaged shoulder was so brutal he blacked out.
“Better. I finally managed to get him to sleep. He has a lot to process but I think he’ll be fine. Have you found anything?”
Irene entered the code, and the door opened. Rosie ran out to John, who was waiting for her, squatting, extending his arm to embrace her. She threw herself at him with such a force that made him fall backwards, while John held her tightly, both crying and laughing at the same time, the doctor kissing her while checking her to make sure she was okay.
At Baker Street, at Irene's mansion and the warehouse everyone looked at each other in bewilderment, police officers and artificers included. What the hell did that mean? And even more so when listening to Mycroft's words.
"I wouldn't have to use your private line if my little brother would be kind enough to pick up his phone."
"Couldn't you have said that before? We could have saved ourselves a lot of trouble.", growled Steve.
“Transfer? Great euphemism. No. They didn’t transfer me. They degraded me. But I’m lucky,” he muttered under his breath. He rummaged in the pockets of his jacket and took out a cigarette.
"Wonderful! Brilliant!" smiled Molly, the girl's face lighting at the praise as her godmother took her hands and helped her jump out.
Both chuckled as Sherlock cursed. Greg licked the head of the detective's cock, John kissed Sherlock, pocked his tongue inside his lips and shoved a finger inside his mouth, finger the detective licked and sucked greedily. John took it out from the detective's mouth, and, running his hand through his body, finally pushed it inside Sherlock arse, thrusting slowly it inside out, still nibbling his nipples.
Lestrade gulped and nodded, quickly disappearing down the stairs. Sherlock kept climbing upstairs and peeked into the main hall. Clear and silent. His uneasiness grew. He looked around and crossed over to the door leading to the back yard running faster down the corridor. He pushed hard on the barred door leading to the courtyard in the middle of which he saw his brother standing with his back to him.
Lestrade rang the doorbell at Molly's apartment. It was getting dark, but they had no time to waste. He only hoped his goddaughter would not be too suspicious of that visit at ungodly hours.
The consulting criminal pointed at John, tied up and wearing a muzzle, under a net made with silver. Sherlock crawled towards him, finally managing to stand and put his arms behind his head.
"It's a stupid game, John," grunted the detective, shaking slightly as he felt the cup's coldness, after the warmth of John's body. "I can go for hours without throwing it away. And what are you going to do in the meantime?"
He took the little white box out of his backpack and put it on Sherlock's coat pocket. His werewolf's nature allowed him to beat Moriarty's spell on himself.
Sherlock didn't want to check his forearm. But he didn't feel any longer the pain. He felt relieved.
"Your mouth feels so amazing," panted John, pistoning his hips faster. Sherlock moaned hard, his hands on the lounger to balance better against John's hips strong attacks, the tip of his cock going into his throat a little more with each lunge. John rumbled; Sherlock's ghosting little kitten-licks on his cock, driving him insane.
"Lucky for me," John whispered happily, feeling his heart explode for his mad genius while pecking the detective's nose. "Are you okay?"
"His parents moved near Musgrave, and Victor's mother came to ask Mrs. Holmes if her little boy could come and play with her children, and she agreed. A couple of days later, while Sherlock was playing among the tombs, Victor appeared and sat at his side with a box full of toys. " Geena smiled, lost in the memory "as a child, Sherlock was a bit more... friendly with strangers. It turned out that Victor also loved pirates. From then on... they became inseparable. They spent the day together, playing, r playing pirates, chasing each other, Sherlock with his pirate hat, Victor with his wooden sword... they even had a pirate ship, an old boat stranded on the shore that a local fisherman gave them". She fell silent and looked out the window, her eyes lost in the sea. " God only knows how many times that poor woman must have regretted her visit to Musgrave,” she whispered sadly.
He would have wanted to scream, but he wasn't able to. His lungs hadn't enough air to do it, and he didn't want John to hear them.
"John Clay and Anthony started working for Mycroft at the same time. The first one as a member of the MI6 reporting directly to him and Anthony as his assistant".
Finally, John nodded, and Sally moved ahead and nudged a bit at Sherlock's hole. But the detective didn't want to make it easy for her and clenched his hole tight against the intrusion. Sally didn't move for a bit, patiently waiting, as Greg bent to lick one of Sherlock's nipples, and other office mimicked them, making Sherlock release his muscle.
"That's the trouble with helping Holmes to find John," she snarled without acrimony. "He thinks he has the right to bombard you with meaningless messages at any time of the night," boh chuckled. "It wouldn't have been safe for you to take a cab on the street. I guess that's why he wrote to me asking for a cab for you."
"And you" Mycroft addressed to the Yards, "stop looking at us that way and pretend you are happy for your boss."
"I hate to quote my brother, but, when you eliminate the impossible, what remains, however improbable, must be the truth. I don't know how, but there's another Sherlock," he got up from his chair, "let's go to Baker Street. Maybe we missed something."
John threw Sherlock a pair of black shorts. The detective put them on, and they both went up the stairs to the top floor, towards the glassed-in terrace where there was set the table full of toast, eggs, bacon, pancakes, coffee, tea, orange juice, sausages, black pudding, baked beans, and fried tomatoes.
"He went down to the cove" Bart's voice behind him startled him. The man, who was picking up the plates and glasses from dinner, pointed to a stone staircase in the dark at the terrace's edge, "just go down there. The stairs will light up as you go down".
The detective went mad with worry. If the rift between the two brothers when Mycroft asked John to return to Afghanistan had been epic, the one they had when the doctor disappeared was apocalyptic.
It had only been a dream. Or a vision caused by drugs. He had no idea how he got there. Mycroft's men, evidently.
John wanted Sherlock to come with him, so he grabbed the detective's cock and stroked it fast and tight, as the detective trashed around in the swing, bubbling unconnected beg for John to stop, mixed with pleads of never stop gurgling from his mouth, interspersed with moans, screams, ragged breaths until John's sight whitened, and stars exploded while his cock jerked inside Sherlock's ass.
Lestrade frowned, hurt by his team's attitude towards the detective. He could understand they pushed around as he threw deductions and insults at cases, or they called him a freak when the detective didn't seem to care for the victims. Still, he couldn't stand them glancing sideways at the broken detective, whispering that Sherlock didn't give a damn about John.
“To death,” he threw a hateful look to the parents. Sherlock sighed. He was fed up with people attacking John because of him. He looked at the group of parents even more angrily than his husband.
John's hand went through his crack. His medium finger brushed between both buttocks, without parting them, while the index and ring fingers caressed the glorious globes. Sherlock moaned louder, waiting for his hands to reach his cock, but he ostensibly ignored it, as he did with his testicles and perineum.
He stroked John's cheek tenderly, wiping away the tears that still covered it. The doctor bowed his head, laying it in his soft, warm, living hand, oblivious to the whirlwind of emotions that was overwhelming him. They would talk later. He would release his anger later. Now he just wanted to enjoy the miracle that Sherlock was there in front of him. That Sherlock came back for him. Because he loved him.
Mike left the beer on the table, not yet believing entirely he was there, surrounded by his old friends, instead of the desert of Afghanistan or some lost place in East Europe, working as a mercenary for Clay.
They went into complete darkness. And not just for lack of light. It was a dense, heavy, almost tangible darkness that made anguish and fear grow inside them. Strange created a shield that, besides protecting them, illuminated and helped to mitigate that dense and heavy darkness like oil.
Mycroft and Lestrade said goodbye to the girl, and they both walked down the street. Once in the car, they asked the driver to take them to the square where the purple lady lived. The DI opened the large envelope. Inside were two small envelopes and a letter whose writing he recognized instantly. It was from Sherlock. He hesitated to read it aloud or not. Mycroft, who also knew the handwriting, looked at him anxiously.
She woke up at nine o’clock, had a shower, sipped a bit of coffee and went to New Scotland Yard. She was smiling hopefully.
Anthea gave some documents to Sherlock. Sally couldn’t help feeling a bit jealous since Mycroft’s assistant, finally!, got her eyes from the screen and smiled the detective.
He was waiting for another smack when he felt John’s hands gently kneading his cheeks, massaging them and squeezing them together. The doctor moaned a little in anticipation. Sherlock’s arse was magnificent, and only playing with it like that was getting him hard. Then he started softly kissing Sherlock’s ass all around, nice and slow.
"That's how that bastard came out," Donovan groaned, "hours and hours of watching him and Holmes was jumping off the roofs like Mary Poppins."
Sherlock made a sound between a growl in frustration mixed with a groan of pleasure and was forced to let go John’s cock to arch his back, as John crossed his legs on Sherlock’s back, forcing him to lie on his body as he kept on fucking the detective with now two fingers, still sucking the detective’s cock, enjoying the desperate sounds coming from Sherlock’s mouth, when the detective grabbed John’s cock and started stroking it hard and fast, his fist firmly gripped around it, his tongue moving on the head of his cock as if he was licking and ice cream.
Lestrade pulled his boyfriend into the truck to keep him away from the other's accusing gaze. Mycroft looked at Lestrade, shattered.
"Don't be so melodramatic, dear brother mine. I was teaching you to write with both hands and in both directions, to help you to develop both your brain hemispheres equally".
Tony laughed out loud and walked away, leaving Natasha, Clint, Bruce, and Steve to say goodbye to him.
“Financial statement and medical company info.” Mycroft simply said. “Take care, little brother, and you too, doctor Watson”. And then both of them returned to the black car.
“No,” Sherlock had protested. “Don’t worry about that, now. It's not important. I can quit. I don't need the patches.”
Sherlock's big decision to accept a position as the director of a research unit at Great Ormond Street Hospital and to hire Edgar is detailed in
"They hacked into your surveillance system, threatened Rosie, and you didn't warn me?" he hissed in a husky voice, trembling with rage and fear, grabbing Mycroft by his jacket flaps and shaking him with fury. "They were tracking our daughter, and you didn't inform me?"
It had been almost three months without feeling Sherlock's body under his since they made love, seventy-five days since he fucked Sherlock madly.
He shouted in a rage, and, picking up momentum, turned them both over, so that he straddled Sherlock and responded with another punch. The detective grabbed his arms, quickly immobilized him, turned his body with force, and rolled them both over Mycroft.
When she arrived at his apartment, she poured herself a glass of wine, contemplating the city lights. If New York was the city that never sleeps, London was not lagging. The wine helped her to relax and forget about the strange kiosk. She got into bed and picked up a book to read for a while before sleep. Tomorrow she would have to deal with the freak, but for now, she could calmly read his novel without any alleged genius telling her who the murderer was by just glancing at the cover.
John emitted a choked growl when his cock jumped freely to rest on his stomach, the tip covered with precum.
To settle the matter, the detective stepped aside and waved Sholto and the others upstairs. John stood beside them, watching them. He gestured to take off his sling.
"Sherlock would still be in Baker Street if John hadn't disappeared into the middle of nowhere!" yelled Lestrade louder.
“You better, young man” Mrs. Hudson smiled benevolently. ”Nice to see you with friends, but I don't want arguments, okay?” She made a sign to a waiter, who approached quickly. ”The alcohol is over on this table, okay?
John embraced Geena as Rosie, say goodbye to Bart. Soon all of them were in the taxi towards the airport.
He moved away from the man and addressed to the door, mentally counting from three to one. When his mind reached the one, the man screamed.
John took the detective’s phone and dialed his own number for the tenth time, with the faint hope his husband will answer, but, as before, he didn’t get any response.
"Sherlock," shouted John, stopping at a narrow window overlooking the inner courtyard. Sholto, Lestrade and Bill approached him. The yard was deserted, except for Sherlock and his torturer.
John took Sherlock's hands to convey confidence. He didn't like seeing him like that, but he had to go to look for Mike.
Panting, Sherlock went down the stairs towards the morgue, trying to penetrate the darkness with his eyes, since the lights were off. He climbed down slowly, step by step, tightly holding the gun.
"You will be a good boy now and let me give you something for the pain now?" asked the nurse, smiling, noticing the .general relief.
"It was audio editing. I… I was…wanking, "affirmed Sherlock, "and I did it to… well, creating the mood".
As if he hadn't had a hard enough time when Sherlock was kidnapped during the case. It wasn't his fault; that was true. For once, he didn't go ahead to catch up with the killer on his own, leaving John and Lestrade behind. He settled into his stride and took up the rear of the line, with the nervous, uneasy air of a thoroughbred whose jockey is pulling hard on the reins, restraining him from bolting before the home straight. And that restraint so threw him off his concentration that he didn't see the guy coming who knocked him unconscious and dragged him into an abandoned cellar.
"Look, Martha," began Molly in a persuasive tone, "I will get some tea, and we quietly talk about it before doing anything, okay? I wouldn't want to have to pick you up at the station".
When the last echo of the ovation sounded, John, panting, his face still angry, turned to Mycroft, who was still standing in front of the lectern.
John moaned, the vibration running across Sherlock’s cock. His mouth abandoned it, making Sherlock whine, and he stripped himself, looking at the dark-haired man panting and trembling under him, his only visible eye darkened with lust.
He was sitting on the arm of Sherlock's armchair, where the detective sat, both holding their hands, still fearing that something might separate them again. Although Stephen looked totally relaxed and confident, neither of them were calm after  playing with time.
“Me?” asked John innocently, his hands rubbing Sherlock’s sides up and down until they rested on Sherlock’s pants waistband. The doctor pressed his body against Sherlock, so the detective could feel his already hard cock.
"Just one week. I know you are worried about me, but I need you to stay here, stay calm. I'll be back on Sunday".
"Put down your weapons," ordered Mike to his men. They looked at him suspiciously. "Put the guns down! The Captain will shoot us, even having a fucking arm in a sling".
“I was camping here with my daughter and her friends. Tonight I was checking they were alright when I saw some men approaching the camp”.
Edging Sherlock turned John on. Not only because of the detective's absolute submission but for the perfect mix of forcing Sherlock to control without being in control at all. That's why he didn't use cock rings or cage cocks. If he did, control would be over the toy, and that wasn't what John wanted. He wanted the detective to focus all his massive intellect on the game.
“Don’t get your hopes up. I’m not flirting with you.” Watson got up from his chair, picked up a cane that was resting on the edge of the table and, limping visibly, joined Anthea. ”I'm gay. And even if I weren’t, you're not my type.”
She climbed up the scaffolding in a hurry, leapt between the buildings, and rolled across the 221's roof to the trapdoor, where she quickly descended. In the lounge, Donovan, leaning against the window, gun in hand, peered out without being seen, while Molly and Mrs. Hudson stacked the furniture to form barricades to protect themselves from the shots.
He was singing, his usually severe gesture replaced by an amused smile, his deep voice giving the song a sexy touch, chorused by a group at his left side, in a
The DI sighed and rubbed his eyes. He didn't want to confront Mrs. Hudson, but neither his boyfriend. However, the law was the law. He looked at Mycroft and then at Mrs. Hudson again.
"I'm afraid not," he pulled out his phone and typed quickly, using the same symbols as on the papers they'd found in Baker Street.
“The most wonderful without any doubt!” repeated the girl and ran upstairs, as John and Sherlock greeted Mrs. Hudson.
When they both finally arrived at the warehouse, there was an awkward silence. Lestrade felt his cock getting hard with the mental image of it in Sherlock's mouth, the others simulating to check the crime scene for evidence, and Donovan looking at all of them, gaped.
"Years of Academy training...wasted!!" sobbed John between waves of laughter, letting himself be dragged down by Sherlock.
Luckily, all had ended almost as abruptly as it started. Just when they were nearly run out of ammunition, a hot reddish cloud involved the NSY quarters and, suddenly, all became silent. The zombie’s humming, the ghoul’s howls, the shots. All the creatures vanished in the air. Altogether with John, Sherlock, and Mycroft.
The forensic scowled, but didn't say anything. He looked at Donovan, but the sergeant was staring at Lestrade, still wondering what was going on.
"Why do you keep trying to untie yourself when you think I can't see you?" Holmes chuckled when Ross stiffened. Holmes had never been looking when he was trying to get loose, he'd taken good care of it. "Don't look so surprised. It is my business to know what other people do not know.
Angrily, he took his laptop and traced Sherlock's phone. He wrote down the address, and soon, the motorcade was again on its way, though. John's mood had become tempestuous, which didn't go unnoticed for Lestrade, who shared a cab with him and Mike.
"Of course you can. Papa will be happy to bring you here" answered John, who noticed the sparkle in Sherlock's eyes when he saw the dogs.
Sherlock was lying on it as usual when pouting, facing the back, ostensibly showing his back to John.
"Rosie, darling, watch the cookies, so they don't burn, but remember you can't touch the oven, okay? asked Molly
Donovan gazed at Anthea. Sherlock looked at her, and the sergeant blushed. Of course, Holmes knew her sudden interest in personally informing Lestrade of every step of the cases was due also (or somewhat more so, if she was honest with herself) to her newfound relationship with Anthea.
"Yes, I want to see Nanny and Uncle Myc and Uncle Greg again..., and I miss it, but I won't be able to see my friends. They will be far away”.
"As if you didn't know he would accept it after what you told him," grunted the landlady. "Get out of my house now. If you don't leave, I'll report you for forced entry. I can do that, right, Greg?"
Donovan strode across the room and opened it. Sitting behind a large wooden table, John Watson was taking notes from a book. He neither bother to look up at her. Donovan fumed. Why was everyone acting as if she were invisible? She was a DI, for goodness sake! She cleared her throat.
They didn't go much further. The Mediterranean was a very calm sea, Sherlock explained, but strong currents could pull you out to sea without you noticing. The three of them swam calmly, Rosie covering her nose and doing somersaults underwater with John, to Sherlock's anguish, until the girl came out laughing and wiping the water from her eyes. John threw her into the air from time to time, making her fly and dive headfirst amidst shrieks of excitement. They swam and floated until John noticed Rosie's lips begin to get purple. Ignoring her protests, they returned to shore and went under their canopy.
A bit later, Lestrade disentangled himself from Mycroft, letting him sleep and entered the living room when Sherlock was reading a medical journal. Molly, Sally, Anthea y Mrs Hudson went to go for a walk with Sarah, Rosie and Michael, so the detective was alone in the room.
“According to several studies, around thirty percent of the world’s population, around three billion people in the world”.
“I knew Moran left London long time ago and went to South America, so I could, somehow, forget it or apart from it or whatever you can call it. But when I found he was the killer, it meant he was back and… I… I got terrified. I tried to ignore it, to keep on as if nothing had changed, but I couldn’t. The nightmares got back, and I feared to find him every time I turned the corner. I felt as broken as then, as disgusting as then, I started… craving for… drugs again, I even looked for one or two dealers but…, but I didn’t want to lose you, John, I didn’t want to lose what we have, I couldn’t let him destroy me again, to destroy us”.
The man got up and, followed by his henchman, left the room. John expelled the air he had been holding. Suddenly, his gaze fell on a barrel at the bottom of the room. The tremor in his body became so strong he could no longer contain it. No, not again. He knew what lay ahead. He breathed in sharply, wondering if he would be able to bear it a second time.
“You did WHAT?” Lestrade sounded incredulous. “No,” John heard him say, “You cannot volunteer for an incursion to arrest Sherlock. You either Anderson. No, none of you. No, Donovan, you cannot shoot Sherlock with a tranquilizer dart”.
"Oh, fuck, yessss," moaned Sherlock as John pushed another finger inside. Sherlock whimpered, trying at the same time to impale himself on John's fingers and to wriggle away from them, as John scissored his fingers, stretching, even more, the muscle.
"I'll tell him I have a magnificent corpse in the morgue waiting for him, so you can set the house for the party. Don't worry. Everything will be fine".
The doctor pressed his lips. In the detective's alter ego look, he could read that he would kill Everett as soon as he got over that it wasn't him. In the meantime, they both had a chance.
“f you give me another option, I’ll take it without hesitation “ the DI was striding towards the garage.
"And what has my dear brother done this time?" asked Sherlock, sarcasm and mockery equally in the question.
Sherlock tensed up, tightening the muscle around John's fingers. The doctor slapped his arse again, and Sherlock relaxed.
"He was suffering. Very much so. Much more than he expected or could bear. John's marriage to Mary was too hard for him. So much suffering attracted his other reality here, to help him. If I had closed the portal, nothing would have happened, but when he found it open, he jumped into this dimension".
Suddenly, a strangle golden circle appeared in the ground, under his feet, and started to spin, slowly at first, gradually accelerating, sending golden sparks around it, until a kind of black hole opened under him and the ground absorbed him.
John nodded and started reading. No more than five minutes passed before the dream overcame the girl, and John lowered his voice, finishing reading the paragraph.
Mycroft was so angry and relieved at the same time that, for once in his life, he couldn't get the words out. He pressed his lips, upset, listening to Greg's funny laugh, and raised his head, plunging into an offended silence.
The only thing he was sure about was he couldn’t lose John again. No matter what would happen, he wouldn’t let Moriarty separate them again. Neither let him hurt any of the few people he actually cared about.
They entered the dining room, where Mycroft already had tea and fruit for breakfast. The older Holmes smiled at Greg, and his face tensed a bit as he looked at John, whom he greeted with a nod.
Just as the owner promised, the hangar was quite hidden, a former client whom Sherlock helped to prove innocent of his wife's death, as everyone (especially Anderson) thought. The assailant had attacked and killed her just before he got home, and when the police and paramedics showed up, everyone assumed that he had been the perpetrator.
"And how is this possible? I mean, time cannot be compartmentalized", Everett frowned. He looked at Strange shyly and lowered his gaze.
"You, too, my dear. It was perfect," she turned to Donovan, "thanks for the ride. I admit I was surprised to see you, but I am relieved you are here."
, when the doctor heard Irene Adler's tone on the detective's phone, his stomach twisted. But if Sherlock remade his life with her, John wasn't going to get in the way.
Sherlock twisted on the couch, muffling a moaned "holy shit." John smirked, straddling him. Both groaned when their cocks touched.
Mycroft's mouth always drove Greg crazy. If he could, he'd laugh out loud in Moriarty's face. Ice Man. Mycroft had the hottest, most deft mouth Greg had ever enjoyed. He started to feel the orgasm growing in his abdomen and, if he didn't watch out, he'd make him come.
"It wouldn't have taken you long to realize the bullet didn't come from the thief's gun, and all would have been revealed. With Anderson on the case, changing the evidence was a child's play. You, as usual, though I was a bossy prick and let it slide".
John opened his mouth, but closed it due to Mrs. Hudson's warning look. He did not know why, but that woman made him feel as if he was fourteen years old again and the director had caught him playing truant. He nodded and leaned back in the seat. He waited for Mrs. Hudson to leave to face Donovan again.
It was his turn to be deadly scared when some words came out of Mycroft's mouth that he never expected to hear.
Greg admired the pale and slim but athletic body. Since the day they met, Sherlock exerted a strange attraction on him, but, given the detective's rugged nature, the DI never allowed himself to explore it. Now, the vision of that beautiful perfect body made his cock twitch and stiffen. His eyes traveled from the beautiful Cupid's bow of his mouth through his long neck, rested toward Sherlock's pectorals, with his pinkish nipples, and went down to his firm and flat abdomen, rested on his tempting cock and finished running down the long detective's legs until his feet.
"While half of New Scotland Yard is here, it's not anywhere else," replied Mycroft, gritting his teeth for being fooled so easily.
"I needed to get away from not only him, but from you as well. I called John, told him we argued, that I was worried about Gregory... you know your husband. He didn't hesitate to go out looking for him".
Sherlock moved from the couch to join them, and the three of them performed the sun salutation, all three quickly passing through all the salutation positions until all three were back on their feet. When they finished, they clashed their elbows, one with the other as the five would have clashed in the past.
He sat on the wet floor, resting, looking at the devastated camp. After a while, he walked to Rosie’s bumblebee and picked it up. It started raining, Sherlock raised his head, closed his eyes and let the rain clean the mud from his face. Then he got on his feet and went back to the dolmen.
Baker Street was crushed, so Mycroft invited the three of them and Mrs Hudson to stay with him and Lestrade, while Mycroft's men remodelled the flat.
Sherlock woke abruptly. He strained his ear and looked around, wondering why he had awakened, but all remained silent and dark. Maybe it was some of the kids, so he emerged from his tent and checked the children’s ones. All of them were sleeping calmly.
A hellish loud crash startled him. A large motorbike smashed through the roof, the engine on, wheels turning, dragging sand, wood, and dust in its wake, hitting the ground with a deafening bang as it crashed into it, trapping two mercenaries below.
Donovan watched the landlady in the rearview mirror. She never saw her so nervous and scruffy. Her hair was completely disheveled, she was wearing a brightly colored dress, and instead of lipstick, she just applied a bright red lip liner with trembling hand.
But Sherlock was puzzled by the murders. He certainly didn't behave as if he was the perpetrator. He shook his head. What a stupid thing to do. If anyone knew how to cover up the fact that he was the author of a murder, it would be Sherlock. But he didn't. Greg knew him, and he knew the self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath wasn't that. With John, he achieved a stability he hadn't had before. No matter how hard Donovan tried and the cameras proved it, it wasn't Sherlock who did it, he was sure of it, but he would need a third Sherlock to prove it.
Both remained silent, listening to the rumor of the waves. The tide rose, and the waves that reached the shore washed over Sherlock's legs and John's feet.
“The first time I met you, you warned me against him, saying a lot of awful things about Sherlock. If I had believed you, today we wouldn’t be together. So I demand you never do it again.”
"Have you calmed down yet? You're lucky we're in the desert. Otherwise, we would have watered you with cold water, like angry dogs," snarled John, watching them alternately.
“Clever, fucktoy. Very clever. Yes, I pay them a visit. And I’m afraid we had a heated argument” he laughed about his own occurrence.
But he didn't have much time. John was able to delay his orgasm almost at will when he was fucking him, but he didn't hold it back when he was masturbating, so he had to get his brain out of the mists of pleasure and think. He tried to free himself from the restraints, but it was impossible. John was devilishly skilled when tying him. There was no chance of him letting go, so it wasn't an option.
They got serious when the sound of a gun safety catch being released reverberated across the room. They gaped at John Watson, who had nothing to do with the affable, quiet, almost shy man who entered Avengers facilities. This John held a gun firmly in his left hand, the barrel resting on Steve's temple. The good doctor vanished, making way for the soldier.
Rosie giggled. Sherlock reminded her of the scene of one of her favorite Disney’s movies, Beauty and the Beast, when the Beast fed one bird and a second later, he had birds all over his head, shoulders, back, arms and hands. She whispered it to Sarah, and both of them chuckled at Sherlock’s puzzled expression.
John gave himself a couple of strokes to release a bit of pressure in his hard cock and walked to the basket, looking for something that could serve as a lubricant. He blushed slightly when he found a tube of lube, imagining Bart or Geena happily humming while preparing the basket.
"Sometimes, when Sherlock came to the office, he and Anthony, behind Clay's back, pretended to stab themselves in the neck while he gave a eulogy of all the missions he successfully and smartly completed".
Sherlock lay down, letting his head rest on John's legs. The doctor chuckled and stroked his hair gently. Both with a bittersweet feeling, happy that their daughter was well and quiet, but feeling bad about lying.
“Well, actually it was because you were the only one with an unpicked pocket so there was no risk you accidentally took out from your coat.
At the Avengers' headquarters, John was telling Peter the details of the latest case while the two of them wrote the blog post, something the doctor stated in the first paragraph of the article. Peter was about to explode with emotion.
Sherlock pinched in the wall the photograph of the next Barrymore they were investigating and looked at it as one of Mycroft's minions read aloud the information they gathered about him.
“And what do you suggest me to do?” asked John, trapping one little fugitive who tried to escape between his legs.
"You feel sooo good,….." grunted John, also trying to control himself to not cum almost immediately with Sherlock's sounds and movements.
"Faster….." panted Sherlock, moving his hips to meet John's cock. The doctor complied, fucking him on a devilish pace, until, in one thrust, John held his hips, his cock pressed the detective's prostate again. Before he could protest, John wrapped his hand around his cock, slowly stroking him, gently pinching the head, rolling his thumb along with it.
the doctor read aloud. He opened the book carefully, bound in maroon tones and gold lettering. The front cover was tightly bound again, a sign that it had been read repeatedly.
John crossed first and waited for Rosie and her friends to do the same. They crossed with more or less confidence, some of them walking as if they did it every day, others like if they were passing through sharks infested waters.
Sherlock wasn’t caught off the ward. He could read perfectly in his daughter’s face that she knew he was lying but was smart enough to know that the detective would have a reason to do it.
Getting out of Baker Street without being seen had been easy using a hatch hidden in Rosie's room's ceiling while the idiots from NSY watched the hologram.
"Just follow the arrows on the ground, Gregory," Mycroft's voice has a tone somewhere between desperate and almost tender to John's astonishment.
The detective stiffened, his eyes wide open, his mouth opened in a silent cry of maximum pleasure by the sudden and strong contact caused an explosion of ecstasy in both of them. John came brutally inside Sherlock, shouting his name, while the detective finally achieved to throw a moan so loud it almost broken his throat, shouting John's name, while his neglected cock convulsed with every spurt, reaching his chin and his hair.
Sherlock ran and jumped through the rooftops, aware of the ones that hunted him. He tried to keep a cool head, but the memories about his conversation with Moriarty seconds before his fake death made breathing hard for him. But he had to keep on breathing, as he climbed down the fire escape and reached the pavement, following the shortest path towards St. Barts, clearly designed in his mind.
Lestrade ran his hand through his greyish hair. Since his team listened John and Sherlock having sex at Baker Street, he tried to delay as much as possible inviting the detective to another crime scene, ashamed of looking both of them at the face, afraid of they could guess what happened and threatened about the detective's revenge and the doctor's anger.
He jumped up when he noticed Greg's lube-soaked finger rolling down the entrance of his ass; then, he shoved it in.
"We are the resistance!" shouted Molly excitedly, making the other three women laugh. "Credit is yours,' she pointed to the landlady, 'if you hadn't sat down, we would have been kicked out of there. Poor receptionist, I thought she was going to have a heart attack".
The next morning, after rotating everyone’s captaincy, John and the C team made breakfast as Sherlock and the rest of the kids prepared sandwiches and juice for the trip to a nearby river they had planned.
"We didn't play much with other kids. When we did, being a Latin language, like Spanish or French, Mycroft was able to fluently speak it in less than fifteen minutes".
At Baker Street, the bomb had been removed by the bomb squad, and the paramedics were treating Sarah. Apart from a great deal of fright, thirst and hunger, the girl was fine, as was Michael, the boy in Irene's basement.
"Come on. You want to prove you are better than Sherlock at everything, don't you?' she asked, her little grey eyes shining.
"But I do," panted John. "I can fuck you like this the whole day," John growled. Sherlock's body stirred, a spasm of pleasure running through him, feeling John's strong body pressing him against the shelf with every energic thrust, without any trace of fatigue.
He put his hands on the counter and dropped his head, drowning out a sob. It was too late. Too late, he came to his defense. Too late, he made his feelings about the detective clear. Because, as he ran in handcuffs beside Sherlock, when he took his hand, he realized he wanted to spend the rest of his life this way, holding his hand. Not as a friend, but as his lover. His love. His lover. But it was too late.
"So he realized John wasn't there, got in the truck, sprayed us the sedative, took the motorbike and
She walked away quickly, her head held high, her gestures graceful. Halfway through, she turned to them.
Sitting on the bomb box,  tied up to it, a boy of about thirteen was shivering with fear and cold. On his cheeks, dirty with dust, tears had left a couple of clean traces. He narrowed his eyes, dazzled by the torch, then opened them, frightened, at the sight of the men.
"This version of Sherlock jumped in here to help him get John. It's already done. They both are going back to his dimension."
"It was all a set-up to bring him down. Think about it. Why organize Mike's rescue and bring you here? To get me? They could have done that in London. I've been kidnapped there a lot of times. It would have been easier and faster. But they needed an incident with international repercussions that would leave Mycroft's hands tied at the same time. That's why Mike's reports came through unofficial channels. Somehow, they knew that, as soon as Mycroft received it, he would tell you that you would come looking for him. So they only needed to capture you and make you disappear. The scandal would blow up in his face. For organizing a covert operation, for endangering civilian's lives, for accepting information from uncertain sources as valid and poof, your position in the Government would blow up, brother".
Greg licked his right nipple again, while Mycroft clenched his teeth, his head slightly thrown back. In his vertical position, the stimulation of Lestrade's tongue and fingers seemed higher to him than in a horizontal position. God... that was torture...
"In this universe, you gave up fighting for John. You let him marry Mary because you thought that was what he wanted. You decided your suffering was a way of compensating John for his grieving after you jumped off the roof of St Bart's".
"We'll talk about this later! You are in danger, Greg!. Moriarty sent these zombies to kill you, as well as Molly, Sherlock, and me".
"Give it up Gregory; I deserved it. Next time I will be faster than you. And now everybody goes to sleep," he ordered, angry, "tomorrow we have a busy day ahead of us."
On the doctor's laptop, the detective uploaded John's blog. On it, presiding over the post he wrote with Peter, their photo with the Avengers. He remembered then that he gave Peter the passwords to respond to the comments, and he seemed to think that there was no better cherry on top of their article than the photo.
He never ceased to be surprised by the easiness with which John carried him to another room while he was sleeping. He slept soundly, it was true, but John's skill to move, tie him up, and set the stage while he was asleep as a log was incredible.
Sholto sat and fastened his seat belt while Sherlock did the same. The plane ran down the runway and took off. The passengers looked out of the window, commenting on what was below.
"nnnggggggggggghhhhhhhh" the detective wriggled as John moaned aloud. Sherlock clenched his teeth, trying to hold the orgasm about to explode inside him. John slammed his prostate at an impossible pace, making Sherlock moan so aloud that his throat ached.
"The Four Seasons?" Mycroft mumbled with clenched teeth. "What tiny part of your useless brain worked out the idea that my brother would play The four Seasons?" the British Government spat the words as if Vivaldi was some kind of disgusting bug. He turned to Lestrade. "And these are your best people?"
"Welcome to my world," grunted Lestrade, who asked himself the same question umpteen times, when, in the middle of a case, Sherlock shot out without waiting for anyone, not even John.
Lestrade couldn't imagine all the suffering accumulated under that mask of disdain and pretence of not feeling anything it. He never lacked a friend, someone with whom to share a pint, share his worries, someone to help him get through those moments when everything seemed to be falling apart around him.
"Irene, behave" berated Sherlock, who somehow managed to regain his composure. "It's a Karaoke, nothing else. Rest assured, you don't have anything to worry about with her".
John wrote one of the dedications so many times repeated. The readers would kept it as a relic, but for him they were only empty words. At first it was not so. Before being famous, he put his heart in every book he dedicated. But that night, after more than two hours chatting with readers, signing and listening to the same stories, he felt himself incapable to do it. He smiled at the man and handed him the book. Lestrade did not move. John looked at him, questioningly.
"I hadn't seen you run to defend me when John wanted to hit me," replied Mycroft, a bit of disappointment in his voice.
A minute later, he also came with an explosive orgasm, thrilled by the idea of coming inside that pedantic prick's mouth, of filling it with his cum, making the detective swallow it until Anderson's orgasmic spasms ceased, finally taking it out of his mouth.
The second Sherlock waited, leaning on the wall, looking from time to time at both sides. A few minutes later, a small, thin man appeared, his eyes red, his blond hair stuck together, and a mocking smile on his face.
"The tunnel through the Quantum Realm will be opened in twenty minutes. Just time for you to put on your suit," he announced.
"Untie your tie and come here,' invited the woman, patting the bench beside her. "Oh, don't make that face, it's nothing sexual. You can't relax with a collar so tight."
"Sherlock knew? I asked him, and he didn't say anything," he chuckled, "I'll have to talk to John," he looked at Mycroft, "even if none of you believe it, they didn't give me the DI job. Without falling into the category of genius, I have my moments".
John growled at the feeling Sherlock's muscles spasming around him. Lost in that blissful sensation, he thrust harder and deeper, hammering his prostate while chasing his orgasm. Sherlock moaned and writhed on him, groaning and whiling with oversensitivity, but decided to bring the doctor as much pleasure as he could, to help him climaxing as hard as he did, letting John fuck him beyond his limits. John's cock inside him, his hands and lips playing with his body felt so good… he wanted more, wanted it to never end, wanted to hear John crying in ecstasy.
Sitting in the far corner, the Purple Lady watched the waters of the Thames flow. She wore a purple long party dress, the skirt composed of several layers of tulle dragging on the floor.
John smiled, pulled his fingers out of Sherlock, getting a desperate wail from his lips. Slowly, he drew the detective’s tights up to his chest, trying no hurt him and aligned the head of his cock with Sherlock’s entrance, pushing in until he was completely inside.
But DI knew their relationship could not prosper if Mycroft did not let out everything about Anthony; neither if he did not do the same with the whirlwind of feelings that such revelation provoked in him. He didn't want the ghost of Mycroft's dead boyfriend flying over them. He had seen it end badly too many times.
The doctor smiled nervously. He laid down, trying to relax, while the detective secured his right wrist. Sherlock moved John's tied hand so he could reach the panic button.
Lestrade and John laughed in unison. For a moment, Donovan felt as if everything had returned to normality, to the previous world where John and Greg were great friends who shared nights of pints and confidences before arriving stumbling at their respective homes. She couldn't help feeling certain nostalgia for it.
“John, we are delighted that you are staying with us, but, as the director of this hotel, I must request you to moderate your tone.” She looked sideways at the glasses on the table.” Otherwise, I’m afraid I should ask you to leave the restaurant.”
"For the umpteenth time, the Solar System is not important for the work. If one day a race of aliens plan to attack the Earth and I have to prevent it, I will rescue the information about it. And no, I didn't remember it. But I do remember when I was a little boy, and Mycroft forced me to write backwards, with two hands, while telling me the story of Leonardo, to determine my degree of stupidity, since this ability is considered a sign of intelligence".
Sherlock looked at him for a moment and quickly undid his belt, unbuttoned his trousers and unzipped them, grabbing the doctor's cock, threw his head back and groaned in delight.
"Your network of... homeless," Mycroft said, grimacing at the word "contacted me. Word has gotten out that you're here, alone. Criminals organizing raids to come after you".
"The pictures they sent of him weren't tricked. He wasn't double, and they weren't retouched. The place looked a lot like the first warehouse where the mercenaries locked you up. But Craig has not been able to define exactly what date they were taken. Maybe they were sent at the time and orchestrated the whole thing or decided it was time to use it to set up Mycroft. But, as I say, it's only a possibility".
Because what was he? Only a man. He didn't have Hulk's strength or wasn't a God like Thor, or superpowers like Spiderman. He neither had a cool armor like Ironman. He was merely a man. And Stephen was the Sorcerer Supreme. There was no way someone like Strange will love someone like him, so… ordinary.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you. Haven't you heard of desert spiders, as big as that huge head of yours?" the detective warned him.
The corpse wasn't different from any other at the morgue. Still, Sherlock performed several experiments on it, amused by Molly keeping an eye of him, thinking he wasn't able to see her, sending quick phone messages, probably to John.
Moran’s voice was muffled by hands that grabbed and dragged him to the depths of the prison. Soon his desperate screams turned into howls of pain and horror.
Pete gave the agreed-upon signal. Sherlock rolled his eyes at that lousy imitation of the owl's wailing. Still, Pete had not consented to change it, and the detective knew he would have to cope with his companions' little quirks. Soon after, seven men came out of the shadows. Among the nine of them, opened the hangar doors and ran to the private plane waiting inside. One of them sat at the controls. When the last men got on the aircraft, Sherlock waved the pilot off. He was about to climb the ladder when someone put his hand on his shoulder.
"Pleasddddddddd" begged the detective, his entire body trembling "mmmmmmmmmmstoppppfuckfuckfuckfuck."
The detective lowered his head. John sat in the other chair and cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands, making Sherlock look at him.
The cabs stopped in front of a warehouse on the outskirts. The place was dark and silent. Reluctantly, John wondered if Donovan's theory finally would become correct.
Rosie was sitting on the couch, waiting. The coffee table had been set up in the middle of the living room, and one of Rosie's tea sets had been placed on it. Around it, six of the girl's low chairs, on five of them a stuffed animal. John entered the living room and sat down on the sixth. Rosie laughed out loud, amused, and Lestrade and the others couldn't help but smile.
Everyone survived, everyone except Mike. Missing in action. Days and days of fruitless searching until, in the end, they left him for dead. But nightmares continued to haunt John.
The doctor raised an eyebrow, surprised and amused at the same times. He didn't know why, but he liked that man. And it wouldn't hurt him to have a fellow with whom share a drink. He invited him to sit down. Lestrade felt for a moment like he were going to faint, but he managed to regain his composure.
"Well, if you're so smart, go ahead," Bruce grumbled, turning off the model that floated before them.
"We are not the stupid blokes you and Sherlock think. It's time for you to stop playing James Bond and let me do my job".
"Of course not," the billionaire tried to reply uncharacteristically, but he could not entirely hide the disappointment in his voice. Steve looked at Natasha, who stared at the floor, biting her lips. Stark was not at all happy that Peter admired anyone but himself.
We never had proper sex, in the sense of penetration. He always said that he was waiting for me to be ready for it. Instead, he loved when I sucked his cock, and, no matter where we were, he made me kneel down and shoved his cock in my mouth, so I could suck it. He did that in cabs, in restaurants, in alleys and even in his office at the university. He never reciprocated, but I didn’t mind, even when I found the situation humiliating. I enjoyed giving him pleasure, thanking him for understanding me the way he did.
Greg lowered his head and didn't say anything, regretful. It was all his fault. How could he have slipped out of his mouth like that? When John came into the bar, he had no intention of telling him anything. He just needed the company of a good friend to have a couple of drinks, criticize Mycroft and wait for the anger to dissipate to decide what to do. How could he have been such a big blabbermouth?
"Godddddddddddddd" Sherlock cried, as his body convulsed with overstimulation, while John fucking him with a brutal pace, burying inside him, hitting his prostate in every thrust. His hand stroked Sherlock's cock at the same rhythm, caressing his nipples with his free forearm and kissing and biting his neck.
Molly spotted Lady Smallwood approaching them in a fast-paced through the corridor and slapped her forehead loudly.
The men spoke angrily to each other. John hadn't spoken Farsi for a long time, but he understood something about them running out of time, running out of time for what?
"Anyway, I don't want any misconception," he said, grabbing Sherlock by the waist and kissing him deeply, his tongue entering Sherlock's mouth. The detective jumped at the sudden action and finally melted in the kiss, approaching his body to John's. It was Irene's turn to grab Molly and kissed her hungrily.
John moved his hands to the detective's nipples, softly pinching them; the detective moaned hard as his cock twitched.
Sherlock groaned in pain, slowly regaining consciousness. He opened his eyes. Everything was blurred and the yellowish light didn’t help to focus his gaze. He tried to massage his head but he couldn’t.
"Yes, nobody knows how it got on the Internet, nor who edits it, because it's edited, but it's great" she looked at them, amazed "Haven't you watched it? That's what all of London is doing at this hour! Oops, now!"
“The book-sign ends at eight. We can discuss it while having dinner here in the hotel. The restaurant.“ He clarified.
Mycroft, worried, asked John to go and check on him. After several hours and as many pints, he told the doctor what upset him so much.
Sherlock looked like he was about to burst with pride. John's face, apart from a similar pride as the detective, also showed absolute stupefaction.
"Besides, so does Sholto" Lestrade had been going on about the name until he remembered who he was. "John served under him in Afghanistan. I met him at his wedding."
John came hard, shouting Sherlock’s name, as the detective moaned, expelling all the air from his lungs.
"You know why I'm here," Sherlock says. "You read the papers, watch television. The way things are being reported are the reason John thinks I need to see you."
It's true, but it doesn't help when a surgeon must face the ire of people who put their hope in that person's skills. That doctors are only human and thus imperfect is an adage that laymen will accept only when they're not the ones suffering the consequences of a doctor's mistake.
"A knight in shiny armour, then, rather than a brawler. Perhaps that Hippocratic Oath wasn't temporarily shelved, after all."
Sherlock doesn't reply. This all sounds… acceptable, but he doubts it'll feel any easier to open his mouth, to choose the right moment. What words could he even use to start such a conversation?
Violet rises from her chair and goes to the sink. "We'll be having that tea, after all." She fills the kettle. George always uses the electric version while she favours the traditional way. "Why do you think your father mostly spends time with his friends without me?"
John has just injected a bit more lidocaine into the patient to make doing the stitches that will hold the central line in place less painful, when the OR door slides open and Sherlock strides in. He isn't wearing his glasses — since he wears prescription surgical loupes or looks into an adjustable microscope as he operates, he often leaves them in a  jacket pocket in his locker. He is in scrubs, his hair tucked into one of his cotton hats. This is the one with the bees, one John had given him years ago as a Christmas gift. It's a bit worn; all other similarly scruffy old ones Sherlock has thrown away eventually, but not this.
A glance at the clock tells him it's too early to call his in-laws. He'd forgot all about them yesterday after promising Mycroft he'd give them a ring. John is surprised Violet hadn't picked up the phone in his stead last night. It's not a conversation he's looking forward to, because he knows he won't have answers to many of her questions, and she will consequently supply assumptions of her own. If John can fend her off from coming to London to fuss over her son, he'll consider it a win.
Sue Mellor is — was — on call for anaesthesia tonight. A registrar in her early forties, she'd swapped to anaesthesia after growing tired of the stress of a GP life.
"It's admirable that you've adopted such a policy of honesty, but what would be the benefit of such disclosure?" asks the director.
In the latest neurosurgical staff assemple, the OR unit's Ward Sister had mentioned an audit observation that neurosurgeons are the ones to most frequently fail to remember the name of their patient at this stage of the checklist. Surgeons in other specialties had fared marginally better. A somewhat red-faced Lestrade had introduced a rule that‚ every time a surgeon cannot name their patient during the timeout, they are to treat their operating team to a cake. Sherlock, who has always been meticulous about details, has not had to supply one yet. He has no idea how remembering a patient's name could be so difficult. Anderson, however, is fattening up the staff at an alarming rate.
"He's always been so resentful. I don't think he's interested in understanding anything about me — just exacting some manner of revenge on what he sees as my foul deeds. As you must have noticed, he can be so very obstinate."
"If you wanted a third child, it's perfectly alright and normal to grieve for the loss of that possibility, whatever the reason why she never came to be."
"So, you do think you should be talking to her about this?" Sherlock doesn't reply, so John continues: "I didn't pick up on it the last time things with you started to get... a bit like this. I promised myself that the next time, I wouldn't just watch and say a word and hope it would pass on its own."
"I remember when he found that in a shop in Glasgow. We went there to buy things for uni. He wanted to listen to it the moment we got home," John says, joining Sherlock by the shelf with an RAMC-logo mug cradled in his hands.
Sherlock clings to the throw like a lifeline. After being half-naked for most of his time inside the house, it feels good to have such a shield. That's how he thinks of his coat when he's in London.
"Do you want me to take that?" his brother says after poking his nose in. He's pointing to the laptop.
If ever the universe allowed John and me to be together as more than friends, public displays of affection would have been a thing to negotiate as John meandered his way through the inevitable crisis of his sexual identity shifting.
Sherlock downs his ulcer medications with a glass of water. According to Mycroft, John now knows what had happened yesterday, and Sherlock is surprised that his husband hadn't called him to yell about self-care and other such nonsense. His hand, holding the blister packet, stills when he realises that there's a possibility that John is so angry that he's flying here to do the yelling in person.
on why a blame-based culture is unhelpful is combating medical errors. Let him who is without sin cast the first stone; healthcare employees want nothing more than for medical treatment to be safe and less prone to human error!
'" Sherlock shakes his head. He doesn't sound like he's directing his words to John at all. They also don't sound like something Sherlock would say.
You find yourself angered, now, by what kinds of fucking winners have provided medical care for him in the past to make him feel like a nuisance instead of the centre of his own care. That anger then turns into determination. No, you can't fix these dreams or erase these vague recollections for him, but there is someone who can help — someone who would have been there in the OR with their wits intact. Sherlock needs more data, and you're going to acquire it for him.
"I have asked that question myself sometimes — why me. Why George would choose to work so hard for a family that had its challenges. He did it because he wanted to, and he told me once that he found it insulting when I questioned his motives."
"The family contacted King's after being told no by no less than the Ichilov Clinic, Corns and Perneczky. They all said the tumour would have reached an inoperable state by the time the post-angiointerventional safety period would be done. But why not take the risk of
"If they cannot prove that Fairholme entered the hospital with the intent to take someone's life instead of just intimidating them for answers, then
Almost afraid to breathe, Sherlock waits while John thinks all this through. He wants desperately to be right, to suggest the right thing, to make John happy. He wills himself to be patient and forces himself to stop jiggling the toes of his left foot and to stop fingering the buttons on the back of his coat.
Sherlock chuckles. "What would the villagers say, seeing their physician in such an altercation? I hope you at least won.”
During the worst of it, it had felt as though his medical training, especially the knowledge he had about prognoses and the limits of what he had at his disposal in Malosa, had just made things worse. It made things worse because a layperson could have clung to hope with a firmer grip because they only know the past and the now. A doctor is different, because their knowledge allows them to operate within the realm of the what-ifs, and no amount of training can take away the fear that follows when it’s a loved one and not just a patient from whom a doctor can professionally distance themselves.
, he tells himself, and coughs to regain his composure when he realises his cheeks have heated from John's proximity.
There is no respite, no refuge from the crushing worry and anxiety. You wander the corridors of the hospital, confounded by how you can possibly feel so like a fish out of water though you have whittled away endless hours in places like this, spent days and nights attending to patients and making exactly the sorts of decisions which had led to Sherlock being taken away from you, off somewhere into a cardiothoracic operating theatre. Why hadn't you demanded to accompany him until the general anaesthesia was administered? Would Sherlock have wanted you there, or wasted his weak breaths to chastise you for fussing? Where is Mycroft Holmes when you need him to remove some more rules and obstacles?
heart rate vs pulse = the heart rate is the rate at which the conductive system fires triggering impulses to the cardiac muscle to contract. The pulse are the fluctuations in blood pressure produced by the heart muscle contracting. One can have a heart rate but no pulse if, for instance, a person in cardiac arrest has a pacemaker that is still functioning.
His act of war does have a price, of which he's reminded of when he finds himself swiftly flipped onto his back on the bed, with every delectable inch of his partner and lover pinning him down. Revenge is exacted through an excruciatingly intense lick up the side of his neck and around his earlobe.
John isn't wrong. John isn't wrong at all, but Sherlock doesn't want to admit it out loud. It sounds as though John is surprised that he made a mistake, but by the fact that he'd called for backup. Sherlock is frightened about what sorts of unsavoury deductions John might make from that.
Sherlock uses the remote the lower the head of the bed and carefully turns to his side, facing away from you and Marsh. Clearly, the conversation is over.
Though the conflict with his mother had been a long time coming, being threatened and having his belongings stolen just before they headed to Sussex for Christmas had put Sherlock in a tailspin — one John hadn't recognised all that well. Having known Sherlock all his life, Mycroft must have realised instantaneously the gravity of the situation.
John gives him a miserable look. "Sherlock, I… I don't think I'm up to it. I'm sorry." He's shivering and his eyes have a glassy look telling of fever.
"The appointments have been made. All you need to do is show up. Mycroft promised that your intelligence won't be insulted by anything pedestrian. They'll test different kinds of memory, executive function, processing speed, multitasking, functions requiring multiple centres of the brain simultaneously, planning and executionary processing… There's also an EEG and a functional MRI to be done while you solve complex problems."
John thinks his presence is most useful in helping with the consequences of jet lag on his husband's brain — such adjustments are very hard for Sherlock. Shifting from activities to resting is outstandingly challenging for him at all times, and jet lag makes it impossible and makes a raging mess of him at worst when he can neither function nor rest.
the real definition right now." Sometimes being with Sherlock feels like being married to the child a lexicon had with a particularly toffee-nosed encyclopaedia, especially when Sherlock is spouting facts at him at one in the morning and they both have to leave for work at six bloody thirty a.m.
On the drive back from Walstead House, Violet takes a detour to the Sainsbury's on Wivelsfield Road. Sherlock refuses to come in with her but agrees to meet her at the cashier section to help her carry things after she's done. She doesn't argue, doesn't ask him questions about why he won't do something as simple as keeping her company in an environment that is tailor-designed to get on his nerves by irritating all of his senses.
"I used to think he liked to pretend bad things never happened, or that he just didn't want to talk about them with me," John admits, shaking his head. He'd lived with Sherlock for years before beginning to understand how these things work. The more upset and stressed Sherlock gets, the harder it is for him to put any of it into words or even start to process it. When those emotions overwhelm him completely, the consequence might be a meltdown, at worst. John has only seen that once in its full form, and it had been a frightening experience.
," John protests. "Every doctor has a learning curve when it comes to bedside manner. Some physician's curves are… slower than others. These days, Doctor Holmes gets no more complaints about such things than any other neurosurgeon at King's." This is not a circumspect statement or guesswork; Lestrade had told them as much.
"Just… just say it?" You prompt him gently. "Whatever it is. Even if it's complicated or a mess or you don't even know what's keeping you from… from everything. It's been weeks; your valve is doing alright, you're doing alright. No reason why we can't be getting back to normal."
Sherlock buries his face in the dog's soft neck fur and tries to breathe, rocking back on his heels so he can settle into sitting on the floor, back against the cabinets below the sink. All the times he's done something as pitiful as this at Doctor Pichler's office — let his emotions get the better of him — it has made him feel better. Now, it won't stop, and he feels as though he's watching himself from afar, confused why this is even happening. It's a malignant sort of calm that takes over when he admits to himself he's lost control.
"Mycroft is right in that you're too high profile, and you wouldn't have the faintest how to act around soldiers.
Edgar suddenly perks up; Sherlock's number must be ringing again. In his light blue, wide-sleeved dress shirt, he looks like an old-fashioned switchboard operator save for the MacBook Pro in front of him.
This morning, however, he's got no time for that. Rather than curious about new cases, he's annoyed, because someone has shoehorned in an appointment on his sacred morning paperwork hour. Instead of a leisurely cup of coffee while reviewing patient files and checking his dictated surgical notes from yesterday, he'll be trying to diagnose and plan treatment for someone without so much as access to their prior medical records. There is nothing on the patient in their system, and he won't have time to provide the calisthenics to get access into their NHS records with mere minutes to spare.
"Where's the––" you start, your voice strangled and black dots dancing at the edges of your vision. You haven't eaten or drank anything in God-knows-how-many hours.
"I justified my decisions perfectly well!" Sherlock protests. He catches John giving him a glance that seems to signal surprise and relief.
"Did you blame others for your errors? Is that why the gates of admin opened to allow you in — you were skilled at making yourself look good, even when undeserved?" Sherlock asks, glaring daggers at Pounds.
John receives them and starts reading. They're surgical notes from an ophthalmologist. "God, it's been a while since I had to deal with this stuff. Eye notes are always full of abbreviations nobody else understands. It's a bit like gynae in that respect––"
respiratory = having to with breathing. A upper respiratory infection essentially means a head cold. A lower respiratory infection would be a bronchitis or a pneumonia.
He's not even sure why he'd booked this appointment. He shouldn't need reassurance for anything and is never keen to have his thought pecked at, picked apart by others. She had, admittedly, been useful in the past in getting to the bottom of things when Sherlock's motives or what bothers him are left a mystery even to himself.
Sherlock runs a hand through his curls. His focus is shot to hell right now, as evidenced by John being able to sneak up on him like this. Facts keep slipping off or taking him by surprise, still swirling around on the surface of his consciousness.
"No, but your brother had a point about your violin-playing. Best be on the safe side, avoid a non-union."
"It was the company, nothing else, that made it tolerable," Sherlock replies deadpan. John will know he's bluffing at least a little. He wouldn't mind a holiday in Scotland every once in a while, as long as they are short. He does wonder if John would feel awkward returning as a couple, but that's John's dilemma to process, not his. As he had told John, he's done being the soft, warm body of a landing pad for the freefalls of other people's sexual crises.
like that. "Exactly. In a major disaster, when the victims are coming in, you may not even know who's a suspect and who's collateral damage. We're not the justice system. We treat everyone the same. But in the aftermath, I'm pretty sure that half of the public would judge us for not favouring the victims while the other half would think the opposite."
“I want her to have her father, John. They both deserve that much. It wasn’t their fault.” His voice was tight. John pulled him closer.
John shouldered his duffle bag and hoisted Rosie onto his hip. She wrapped her arms around his neck. Sure enough, a black car sat in front of the flat. John opened the back door to find Mycroft sitting in the back, “Doctor Watson.”
Another coughing fit started up as Sherlock continued his research. This time, it’s not a small, speckled petal, but rather what looks to be a few small yellow buds of a larger flower. Acacia.
They each had one. It was from their first Christmas together together. I had taken years for them to get there, and they never missed a chance to show it off. Sherlock did so most often. Whenever someone saw his wedding band and assumed he must  have a gorgeous wife at home, he couldn’t resist proving them wrong. “Oh yes, she’s the most beautiful thing. I have a picture of her, actually.” The look on their face when they see him and John is normally either deep confusion or anger. It never failed to make Sherlock smile.
Rosamund Scott Watson, as she was now known, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia when she was four years old. Everything that had happened in John’s life leading up to that moment was nothing compared to the heart-stopping diagnosis. His father’s abuse, his mother’s death, the war, James, Sherlock, Mary, all of it couldn’t compare to the packet of paper in his hands. Sherlock sat beside him, Rosie on his lap, head lowered, silent tears falling into the girl’s curly mop.
When he finished and all was quiet, he sat back on his heels and looked at Molly, “When you… with me… did you…?” He couldn’t get the sentence out. If he had put Molly through a similar thing, he would forever be guilty.
“Mr. Santos, I presume?” He kept his aim and put a hand behind his back, snapping his fingers again. Once he felt the cool metal in his hand, he launched into action. The cuff snapped around one of Mr. Santos’s meaty wrist, arm twisted behind his back, felled by a sweep of John’s leg, knocked unconscious by the butt of his gun.
Once Olive was free, John lifted her, carrying her bridal style. One of Lestrade’s men and a paramedic came rushing down the stairs. Mr. Santos was roused from unconsciousness and his eyes immediately fell on Olive, “I’m so sorry, baby girl,” he whispered.
John is out of the room the first time he coughed up flowers in front of Mary. She looked at him in shock and horror as the flowers fell into his hand. With her being a nurse, she came to his aid, and when she connected the meaning of the flowers her face fell, “Oh, Sherlock. Who is it?”
“Father. Old fashioned, most likely military, he’d be embarrassed. He loves his daughter. Thinks he’s doing what’s best for her. He’s trying to
Sherlock pondered on this for a moment, “What if it’s not true? What if I agree, they perform the surgery, and I wake with no feelings for John? What then?” Mycroft opened his mouth, but Sherlock didn’t let him answer, “I can tell you what then. I would have no motivation to dismantle Moriarty’s network. I will have nothing to come back to.
“I don’t like leaving you alone tonight,” John lamented, trying honesty on for size. The reason why went unsaid.
Rosie nodded and let herself be carried back downstairs, one of the worst parts of the process now behind them. Mycroft returned moments later, face solemn, “I wasn’t lying to her. I will do everything possible to fix it.”
John nodded, placing his ear to Sherlock’s heart, letting everything drain out of him, trying his best to believe the man in front of him.
His next huge fit happened a few days later in front of John. It was a few months after the “death” of Irene Adler. He had been rambling like any other normal day, like any other case, when he felt it. It lodged itself in his throat, a lily this time. He’d been able to distinguish between the two. Then he’d started coughing, alerting John. He was by Sherlock’s side in a second, keeping him planted, not letting him run from the sitting room like he wanted to.
John stared at the other man, “If any one of your men let her escape, they will have not only, but Sherlock to contend with. So help me God, Mycroft.”
“Sober, John. I promised. For you and Rosie. And I imagine Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft won’t leave me alone. I’ll be alright.”
“I have planned for every possible contingency I can think of, but again, she’s smart. She may even outsmart me.”
He smiled again, this time to himself, and I tried not to blush as he hailed a cab, once again in voice and manner a meek and kindly clergyman.
Holmes’ voice was as strong and melodic as ever, but from the way he leaned against the wall, his slumped form lacking all his usual unconscious grace, I could see that he was in far worse shape than he wished me to know.
I thought I felt his lips brush the top of my head, so lightly I might have imagined it. Perhaps it was simply his breath stirring my hair.
“It is clear what has happened,” Wainwright said, when I had finished my rambling statement. “Your friend must have been pushed from the window and met his death in the river between the time you witnessed his cry for aid and the moment you burst into the room.”
“I am a doctor, Holmes,” I reminded him sharply. “I am perfectly capable of prescribing fluids and bed rest for myself. I am grateful for your concern, but I confess I do not understand what you are doing in my bedroom.”
“My dear fellow,” I interrupted him, “I am sorry for creating a version of you that was cold and imperious and stripped of the qualities that I most admire. I can only excuse it by saying that it helped me to manage the fact that what I felt for you –”
The more immersed I became in Holmes’ strange business, the more tolerable I found the times when I was left to myself, with nothing but my memories, my nightmares and my increasingly wayward fantasies. I ceased drinking in the mornings, though I still availed myself of a medicinal draft at night, for my nightmares had not ceased, although they had lessened somewhat, perhaps as a result of our mental and physical exertions, which often left me in a state of extreme exhaustion at the end of each day.
Often, during interviews, I found myself more interested by Holmes’ reactions to his clients than by the clients themselves, but Miss Morstan held my attention throughout her sad tale and I felt a fierce protectiveness rise in me when, describing her father’s wish for peace and comfort, she allowed herself a single brief sob. I abandoned my notes and scrambled to pass her a fresh handkerchief, just as Holmes opened his own notebook and began demanding the precise dates of the incidents she had laid before us.
“I was afraid I would lose you,” he said. "I could think of no way to dissuade you from accompanying me that night – your bravery is one of the qualities I most admire about you, after all. I tried, nonetheless. I could do nothing else. When you were inside me, I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out how I felt about you. It was the most exquisite encounter of my life. And then, hours later, you lunged towards a venomous snake without so much as a pair of gloves to protect you and I thought that I would have to watch you foam and choke and thrash your life away before my eyes. I had thought that if I did not tell you what danger we faced, you would not have an opportunity to try to vanquish it. When you insisted that I should have elicited your aid, I realised that you would never stop putting yourself in danger as long as you were with me. I did the only thing I could think of to protect you without sharing sentiments that I assumed would be unwelcome, and would therefore make you feel either guilty or manipulated.”
He moved his head against the curve of my shoulder restlessly, nuzzling his angular cheek into my skin like a cat spreading its scent.
“That’s a fallacy,” Sherlock says, running his fingers up John’s neck and into his surprisingly soft hair.
Sherlock nods and stays very still as John presses a kiss to each of his eyelids, gentle, and then says it, close to Sherlock’s lips, his breath ghosting over them. Sherlock hears himself make a helpless sound, keeps his eyes tightly closed as he lets the words wash over him.
After the life-or-death dash to the base in Peshawar, my physical ailments were soon mended. Aside from an unsightly scar on my shoulder where the bone shattered by the Jezail bullet had left me with an unhappily deformed clavicle and an ugly web of raised, red tissue across my chest, I had rallied physical perhaps sooner than anticipated. Yet even before the enteric fever that left me raving and insensible for months, as close to death’s door as any of the poor soldiers I had stitched back together in Candahar, I had fallen prey to a dreadful weakness of the mind. During the weeks in which my shattered flesh and bone were knitting back together, I began to suffer nightmares of a kind I had never before experienced, even during those times on the frontlines when the dying moans and screams of the men I was not able to save filled the air with horror. These dreams were so vivid as to feel like reality and to stick with me for hours after I awakened, haunting my every thought.
This time, when Sherlock leans in, John doesn’t push him away. Sherlock closes his eyes and focuses on John’s soft mouth and his warm body, calling up his mental index of all the things most likely to make John moan.
“It was certainly a most unexpected one,” he replied. He was laughing as he proceeded to tell me how, watching outside Miss Adler’s house, he had seen her jump into a landau and make haste towards the Church of Saint Monica.
The den, which I found in a filthy alley called Upper Swandam Lane, overlooking the river to the east of London Bridge, was a vile, fume-filled pit that seemed to close around me the moment I walked inside, as blackened and malodourous as a smoke-filled lung. Lit by flickering oil lamps, it was filled with men who could hardly be called human, lying sprawled in strange, contorted poses, their eyes glazed and vacant as they lolled in thrall to their hypnotic dreams. The glow of their pipes formed a sickly constellation of red stars in the dark room and the air was thick with poison and the sound of their ranting, muttering, whispering voices. I began to make my way through the hellish room, shaking stupefied men by the shoulder as I demanded to speak to Isa Whitney, until the attendant, a Malay man whose offer of a pipe I had firmly rejected, accosted me and attempted to force me from the room.
The man grumbled but I was both taller and stronger than him and when I drew back my coat to reveal the glint of the revolver at my hip he gestured for me to follow him. Mr Whitney was slumped in a berth at the back of the long room, yellow and weak and so high that he refused to believe that two days had elapsed since he entered the space, insisting that he had seen his poor wife only that morning. I took him under the arm and bundled him towards the street, hoping that the shock of the cold air might help to restore some measure of sobriety. We were standing in the dark alleyway and I was cursing as I realised that my cab driver had not waited, when I chanced to glance up at the first floor of the building, where a single lamp burned. There was a tall, lean man standing framed in the open window and to my shock, I recognised the thick black hair, the delicate cheekbones and the strong, aquiline nose. It was Sherlock Holmes. No sooner had I recognised him than he gave a strange cry, as though of surprise or pain, and vanished from the window.
“Allow me to clarify,” I said, in the cold clipped tone I had learned from the man who was currently resting his dark head in the hollow of my shoulder, just above my rapidly beating heart. “Unsatisfied with the way I was carrying out your instructions – investigating your case, at your bequest, and on your behalf – you travelled to Montpellier and concealed yourself in some other establishment, without seeing fit to inform me that you had left Baker Street, where I was diligently wiring daily accounts of my progress?”
“I have no doubt of my abilities,” he retorted. “I wager that you’ll be exactly where I want you within ten minutes. Five, if I exert myself.”
The client and John speak at the same moment, her tone outraged, John’s the one he uses when he thinks Sherlock’s being rude in a way he doesn’t find amusing.
“I am sure it is nothing important. Perhaps he simply does not wish to draw you away from the investigation. After all, the treaty was stolen in London and it is here that the answer must lie.”
I pictured Holmes breathing life between my slack, dry lips and shuddered. With an effort, I pushed myself upright and found that I was able to stand on my own. Swaying slightly, I realised that I did not know why I was there, looming beside the open coffin, as unsteady on my legs as a new-born foal. All I knew was that I needed to leave that room, as quickly as I was able, and that it was imperative that Holmes came with me, and that Lestrade did not.
The King was still lamenting his situation and the power that Miss Adler held over his upcoming nuptials.
“My dear boy, do you really think that I would take any action that I believed would put you in danger?” he said, standing as tall and proud and elegant as he had when fully clothed, his spare movements catlike and sinuous. “Sir Henry has given his entire household the day off and assured me that we have the run of the grounds. He offered me anything I might request in the way of a reward for my aid in the matter of the hound. I told him that there were certain experiments I was keen to conduct in the open air that I could not easily carry out in London. I also warned him that they might prove exceedingly dangerous and that it was imperative we not be disturbed. He readily agreed to ensure our privacy for the day. He is from home in any case, it is no hardship for him. As for the villagers, they do not yet know of the hound's death. None of them will set foot anywhere near Baskerville Hall while they believe that the animal lives.”
The staircase was long and low and, though I am not a particularly tall man – particularly in comparison to Holmes’ towering figure – I twice hit my head on the ceiling before I finally made it to the dark, narrow hallway above, with its stained floor and peeling wallpaper. There was a single wooden door at the end of the hallway, in the direction of the room where I had seen Holmes. I rapped sharply on it, crying his name, but an ominous silence came from within. The attendant was behind me, staying out of the reach of my stick but admonishing me most vigorously in a high, whining voice. As I beat once again on the door, using the handle of my stick, and called out Holmes’ name, the attendant began tugging urgently at my sleeve. There was a commotion downstairs and a stout man with a handsome face and a head of thick blond hair burst into the hallway. He began to question the attendant in a strident voice as I set aside my hat and gloves and prepared to force my way inside the locked room.
“My dear Holmes, you cannot mean to return to the house tonight?” I exclaimed, unaccountably upset at the notion. “They will not be expecting you.”
“Even when I was ten, I was very clever,” Holmes said, sounding, for the first time, as though he were not proud of his extraordinary mind. “My father and Mycroft both told me that my mother would be back soon, but as the days passed and her return was delayed again and again I began to suspect that they were concealing something from me. My father was not himself. He had always spent time in the evenings talking to me, discussing mathematics and chemistry and setting me puzzles. Suddenly he had no time for games. He was leaving the house earlier than usual and returning later. Several times, after I was in bed, I heard strange voices downstairs and once, sneaking to the head of the stairs, I saw a man talking very seriously with my father, who handed over a large sum of money. When I asked my father who he was, he shouted at me, complaining that I asked too many questions – a habit which he had always cultivated and prized. Mycroft had been used to visiting us once a fortnight, but he stopped coming home at all and my father was a changed man. I began to watch him carefully.
The inspector spun around in surprise as a tall, lean figure stepped out from behind the battered door behind him. He had removed his disguise and his face was once more as familiar to me as my own. Recovering more swiftly from my surprise than the inspector, I drew my revolver and pinned the malevolent man in my sights. Sputtering with rage, he slowly lowered his gun and laid it on the boards at his feet.
The inspector, to his credit, did not betray surprise at this unlikely story. Perhaps he thought me mad. Instead, he surveyed the room, his eyes alighting for a moment on Holmes and then passing on. My wish not to betray Holmes’ disguise warred with the heady mixture of relief and anger I felt at finding him, alive and seemingly well, hiding out in an opium den for no discernible reason when I had spent two sleepless nights at Baker Street believing him incapacitated or dead. It took all my meagre acting reserves to attempt to keep my feelings from showing on my face. All the while, the attendant stood quietly, observing our conversation with wide eyes and an unreadable expression.
Holmes’ breath hitched, very slightly. His eyes were pitiless as he reached forward and ran one long finger slowly along the line of my jaw, so lightly I could barely feel it. When a shiver ran though me at his touch, his eyes blazed in triumph.
“I do not speak to you of matters that you do not need to know about,” he said. “I did not tell you about Moriarty because he will never be allowed near you. Not while I am alive.”
Having questioned me as to my tastes the first time he played, he would often begin with a few of my favourite airs. As the evening went on, however, he would abandon the familiar strains of the composers we both admired and instead drift into melodies that I did not recognise. These tunes were invariably beautiful yet mournful, meandering airs that would return again and again to a simple sad refrain. After realising that he never seemed to play the same melody twice, I began to wonder if the music was of Holmes’ own composition. When he played in this manner, he would seem to lose himself utterly in the music, closing his eyes and swaying his lean frame from side to side, and I often wondered if he was aware that I was still in the room, listening to the sounds of his sorrow. These haunting songs often triggered unexpected memories. Sometimes I was plunged unexpectedly into sensations from my childhood, remembering the crisp cold air of Edinburgh in autumn or the scent of warm hay in the barn during harvest season. At other times I would be reminded of one of the few peaceful moments during my campaign, when our brigade had enjoyed snatched moments of bittersweet merriment, always with the knowledge that our laughter was stolen and that violence and death would soon return to put an end to it. Once or twice, as I stared at him unremarked, I felt tears rising in my throat and had to blink rapidly and turn to watch to fire, in case he should cease playing and open his eyes.
“I am removing my clothes,” he responded coolly, as he undid the final button of his shirt and drew it off, baring his wiry torso. The sunlight threw patterns like camouflage across the lean curves of his shoulders and arms. “When I have finished, I intend to remove yours.”
When I raised my head, Holmes was kneeling beside me, his face very close to mine. He placed his free hand on the side of my neck, staring at me as intently as I had often seen him stare at a crime scene, searching for the trifle he had missed that would finally make sense of what appeared to be impossible.
His voice was strangled and distorted with disgust and anger – it was the second time in a single day that I had seen Holmes lose his impenetrable veneer of control, and it shook me badly.
Holmes seemed happy enough for me to accompany him from morning to night, despite my few talents, and I was grateful for the diversion from my empty days but more so for the opportunity to indulge my growing obsession with him. While Holmes was observing clients, crime scenes and criminals, I was observing Holmes. That my fascination with him could escape his notice I did not allow myself to pretend for a moment, but I hoped that my project to record his cases provided enough of a reason to justify my avid attention. Holmes’ egoism, too, worked in my favour, for he seemed to take praise as his due and I could tell how much he enjoyed my frequent exclamations as he drew his cases to a theatrical close. As much as I remonstrated with myself to cease my insipid cries of “Amazing!”, “Incredible!” “Marvellous!” which only served to demonstrate how far behind him in intellect and poise I truly lagged, I could not seem to curtail the ghastly habit, and Holmes seemed to relish his ability to continually surprise and impress me with his insights. Sometimes I wondered if he deliberately engineered opportunities to stun me with his intellect, but his desire for an audience was as intrinsic to his character as his remarkable powers of observation and deduction and I was under no lasting illusion that it made any odds to him whether it was I or some other bystander who reinforced, through our unintended ignorance, the superlative power of his own mind.
“But Wainwright is still at large while you are locked up in here,” I said, forgetting for a moment how Holmes despised it when I stated the obvious. “I never thought that my story would result in your arrest.”
“My dear Watson,” came the calm response, “I knew that your interest in me was based on some assumptions you had made about my character that were entirely inaccurate. Forgive me if I did not wish to put at risk the comfortable arrangement we have fallen into for the sake of a short-lived affair.”
Of course he had known. It had been an insane act of hubris ever to attempt to keep it from him. Had I not seen his methods in action, I would have suspected him to be in league with the Devil, so boundless and so frequently irritating was his knowledge of all that I seemed to do, think and feel.
I knew from the look in Holmes’ eyes that he wanted to kiss me. As we were breakfasting in a rather crowded restaurant, he contented himself with flashing me his most brilliant smile and taking a bite of his sausage, eyeing me lasciviously as he did so in a way that made it very difficult not to laugh.
“That was rather impressive,” I owned, rubbing my aching centre against the narrow indent where his torso met his lean thigh. “Where on earth did you learn to –”
I felt a wild urge to laugh rise up inside me and had to bite the inside of my cheek quite hard to quell it.
“It cannot be egotism to state a fact that is supported by ample data. I confess I was thrown off initially by your obvious admiration for several of the women who visited us in the early days of our acquaintance, but once I studied the evidence at my disposal it was clear to me that the scope of your interest was not limited to their doubtful charms. I did not miss the way you sized up Gregson, my dear boy, as well as several of our male clients. You are commendably subtle in your attentions, but you do have a tendency to let your eyes wander to some rather revealing places. And then there was the way you stared at me when I was playing the violin – it was gratifying, certainly, but hardly subtle, you must own.”
I felt myself flush at his words. I had always known that to Holmes I was in all probability an object of pity, no different from the men I had tried to patch back together on the frontlines as they moaned and screamed, all traces of dignity lost to them, or those who had lain beside me in the hospital as I raved and burned with fever, their eyes dead and their bodies ruined. But to see him acknowledge my weakened state so clearly was worse even than hearing his casual identification of its many shameful manifestations.
“You are upset because, having given everything of yourself to a vicious and unnecessary war, you have come back to London to find that it is cold and dirty and that you are alone. You believe that the steps you have taken to make your circumstances more bearable will cause me to lose respect for you, and you do not wish to lose my regard because, poor as my company often is, I am the only friend you have. What you do not know is that I also have habits that I have kept hidden from you, and for the very same reason. And what you do not yet understand is that I will not admire you any less because you have developed mechanisms for coping with your situation. We must all find ways to survive. Although I have not been to war, I know something of the banality of evil and the underlying senselessness and cruelty of the world.”
Sherlock leans forward, over where John’s palms are splayed warm and unyielding against his bare chest, and licks up the side of his friend’s neck towards his jaw, feeling the rasp of stubble under his tongue. He draws back when John jerks his head away. This isn’t how he usually responds, even when Sherlock has annoyed him. Something is wrong.
