John laughs and Sherlock locks all thoughts of the wolf in the dungeon of his mind palace. They’re fine, of course they are.
“It’s not like I need you to solve a case,” Sherlock grumbled, watching sullenly as John packed.
“You got this for me? I mean, of course you did. But you hated that jumper.”
Two hours later, Sherlock stands on the street as the police raid moves in, arresting the group of smugglers who had been using Mr. Wilson’s flat as a drop point. Emergency lights flashing in his face, Sherlock stands with his hands in his pockets as Lestrade saunters up beside him.
Josiah Amberley pays them a visit halfway through the month with a plea to find his missing wife.
It’s a beautiful weapon, really, with a textured handle for grip and a double-edged, black metal blade. By its design, it is clear this knife was meant for close quarters combat, shaped perfectly to slip between a combatant’s ribs. Sherlock turns it over in his hands, perusing his mental catalogue of combat knifes to find its name.
She didn’t know how much more she could stand. She was wet and throbbing between her legs, hips circling mindlessly, barely following the music’s beat. Sherlock was not much better off, flushed down to her chest and eyes wild. Her fingers were inching closer between John’s legs and if someone looked, John was certain her dress was doing little to maintain her modesty. Anyone could see what the were doing, and it was that thought that made her knees weak, made her grab hard at Sherlock’s hips. Tilting her head up, she buried a hand in Sherlock’s hair to pull her down and slipped the other into her back pocket, massaging her gorgeous arse through her expensive trousers.
“I don’t need a medic,” Sherlock complains, pale with shock. “Don’t you want to see the bodies?”
“God, John,” she moaned, chest heaving and glistening with sweat, her jacket halfway down her arms and shirt open to bare her breasts. Her nipples were hard and John suddenly regretted not giving them the attention they deserved.
“You’re in nearly every thought I have,” Sherlock insists.
“So, this was a robbery.”
The beer was suddenly an unwanted distraction when all John wanted to do was turn and get both hands on her girlfriend. A flash of recklessness had her tipping back the rest of her drink, the glass being taken from her hand the second she swallowed the last drop. She twisted and pressed herself flush to Sherlock, hands finding Sherlock’s waist as they fell into a kiss that throbbed with the beat of the music.
“A’bit…” John confessed with half of a shrug, wondering why his cock had swelled slightly against his thigh. He was still wearing his pants, but it wasn’t doing much to hide the protrusion which he tried to cover with bubbles.
John was pleased to find that though challenging, the case was indeed able to be solved by the end of the day, but neither man could deny that the extra drive of desire to finish what they had started had instilled in them when they were so rudely interrupted had played a significant part.
Maybe Christmas wasn't so bad after all.
Reaching for the lube, he pressed a little kiss to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh and slicked up his painfully hard prick. He slid up Sherlock’s long body to position himself and gently touched the head of his cock to the other man’s entrance.
John smiled.
"Should I be concerned? You haven't exploded an organ all over the kitchen again, have you?"
going to be able to catch you."
“Changed my mind, darlin’” Greg smiled as he began to gently sway as his daughter began to sing “Fly Me to the moon” in a soft, jazzy style.
He began pacing back and forth across the length of the small room, his chest beginning to tighten in the familiar beginnings of an anxiety attack.
“You’re not so bad yourself.”
___________________________________________
“John, can I kiss you?” he whispered, so softly John barely heard him.
“I haven’t said anything yet,” John grumbled, standing on the other side of Sherlock so the slight breeze would blow the smoke in his opposite direction.
“I don’t see how that is our fault. You put us up in a wonderful suite and sent us sex toys. Did you expect us not to take full advantage of that offer?” Sherlock asked innocently.
"For...for being such a
- being in love with one Holmes had already given him at least three of his frown lines, he doubted he could survive two of them.
Sherlock raised a brow, and John tried to close his own gaping mouth. They continued toward an adjoining room, Sherlock flicking on the light switch as they entered.
cheeky git."
Sherlock blushed and trained his eyes on his feet.
“It has recently been brought to my attention that Sherlock Holmes is madly in love with John Watson.”
Metal and a pretty purple (
“But most of all, for…being the best thing that has ever happened to me, John Hamish Watson.”
John’s face flamed as he also picked up a small object, holding it in his fingers before it came alive, vibrating out of his hand and onto the plush carpeted floor where it continued to buzz, the only sound in the room except the sudden, deep gulps of Sherlock drinking champagne.
“We are so incredibly happy for you both!” he smiled at the happy couple, running a soothing hand up Sherlock’s leg under the table when he noticed his boyfriend's mouth still hanging open, until he felt him relax beneath his touch.
“Yes. Just be gentle with me,
Sherlock smiled softly, and his hand slowly slid along the floor to cover John’s.
“Make sure to make my brother aware of our little arrangement, Dr Watson. Talk up how excited you are to spend time with me, and make it believable. You know Sherlock and his little deductions.”
John realized that the buzzing was not entirely unpleasant, and decided to test the waters further.
"It's getting late, we should sleep" he suggested.
“I love you, Mycroft. I’m sorry that I never told you that.”
John choked, spraying Mycroft directly in the face with a mouthful of drink.
John's hands had found their way into Sherlock's unruly curls, and he let out a soft moan when the other man's hands slid slowly up the length of his bare back. Sherlock could feel himself starting to get hard, and he gulped again.
“I thought I had fucked everything up. I thought you were going to leave me and stop speaking with me. It was horrible” Sherlock whined.
Sherlock gave him his best impression of puppy dog eyes, which only served to make him look like he was having a seizure.
Snickering, John lowered himself down onto his knees, taking the detective’s throbbing cock in hand once again and giving it a few lazy strokes. His eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, John slowly kissed a trail downwards from his pale belly, licking at each spot with an open mouth as he went. When he reached his target he smiled, bowing his head to take a single teasing lick at the precome beading at the slit before sitting back to grin at his victim.
Concern was written all over John's face as he lifted a hand to place on Sherlock's shoulder.
"You are
“Fill me, John” Sherlock moaned, cheeks a beautiful pink and hair a frizzy mass of curls. Sherlock’s own cock was hard and leaking across John’s belly, sticking the soft fur of John’s tummy together with precome as he rocked and moved.
“Off you
“No I don’t!” John protested as he took the bottle back, “Just b’cos I like sex! Just… Just because you don’t!”
Gone was the calm, passion taking its place.
John began to bob up and down on his length, swallowing the abundant precome as often as he could but still finding some dripping down his chin in an unattractive dribble, Sherlock’s hand moved up to fist John’s short hair as he built up into a steady rhythm, letting out small moans of pleasure and clenching their fingers together, gasping and whining with each seductive pull of John’s mouth.
“Charming, Doctor Watson as ever.” Mycroft sniffed. “I was made aware that you would be here.”
John's breathing hitched slightly and his stomach plummeted.
Sherlock took the key card from John and swiped it through the slot.
We hope you enjoy.
“Don’t be so paranoid.” John grumbled, “They’ve done us a favour in finding us somewhere to sleep. Your brother wouldn’t be cruel on his wedding day.”
If it was anything like his own it had to be getting painful by now, and that was not how he wanted Sherlock to remember this experience.
Before John could snap out of his shock and summon a decent reply, a large hand was on his face. Breathing rapidly, he stared into Sherlock’s otherworldly eyes as the detective leaned in until there were mere inches between their mouths. They were so close they were sharing breaths, so close John could smell the woods on him.
There was a much bigger reason behind John’s urgency to have the younger man make up with Mycroft, and he wished he could explain it to Sherlock, but he had promised Greg he wouldn’t let the surprise slip.
"Likely a computer error or something I suspect" Sherlock shrugged, running a  hand through his hair as the doors dinged open.
Suddenly alone, John stared up at 221B and sighed, breathing out a cloud in the cold night air.
John raised a suspicious brow at him, but let it go as they were shown to their table. Sherlock waited until a waiter came to take their orders before he felt for the on button of the remote still concealed in his pocket.
“That does not affect the importance of my request.”
Sherlock smiled. "And I you."
John frowned deeply.
“Yes, please.”
“I didn’t hurt you? I got a little carried away, sorry.”
“That includes waiting. I would wait until the end of time and beyond for you.” John promised, leaning in to kiss Sherlock’s forehead tenderly, “And if you’re not ready for sex yet - then you’re not ready. I’m certainly not going to agree for our first time to be whilst we’re pissed up in your brother's sex suite.” he giggled, watching Sherlock’s cheeks blush and a thin smile appear on those lush lips, “I don’t want our first time to be rushed, or interrupted by alcohol. I want to show you how much you mean to me - at home - in
They clung onto each other like life rafts in the almost-dark as they returned to themselves, gasping for air.
When dessert arrived some time later, John’s eyes slid to Greg, who sat up straighter in his chair as Mycroft stared at the cloche that was placed before him instead of his order. Sherlock frowned from where he sat beside John, just as confused.
John had been stupid. So very
“What the
, it was already six o’clock.
Hi guys!  Chrissy and Kittie here...
He squeezed a small amount out and warmed it a little, before touching a single slicked finger to the puckered skin of his entrance. Sherlock moaned, making little appreciative noises as the doctor began rubbing it in circles. A moment later John very gently pressed just the tip of his digit inside the ring of muscle.
!" he groaned, stumbling across the room to snatch up the device.
“I didn’t even know that you were…-”
“Sherlock, are you sure?” he whispered, cupping his pale cheek.
John cried out, hips becoming shaky as he gave half a dozen thrusts before stilling and choking on a moan. His cock twitched, throbbed and then began to come hard, shooting off inside Sherlock in thick ribbons which only increased John’s arousal. The first time he had ever ejaculated into another person and it was the man he loved.
Sherlock turned over to face him, and suddenly they were so close that John could feel his breath on his face, see the moonlight glittering in those startling eyes of his.
John closed his eyes, relieved that the detective wasn’t outright rejecting him.
“-still have plenty of time to find them.”
put that ridiculous notion into that big brain of yours?"
“Really?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “Muffled like the other day in the shower? I didn’t hear what you said but I heard the noises. I heard your moans of orgasm.”
Sherlock pecked John's lips.
"John, would you please sit for a minute?"
He leaves the toothpaste cap open 2/10
, Sherlock” John grinned teasingly.
Without warning tears welled up in Sherlock's eyes, spilling over to streak down his face before he could stop them, and he put a hand to his mouth to stifle a sob.
Holding John in place, Sherlock immediately initiated a rough, bruising assault on John's mouth.
“You need to go in there and apologise to your brother. He might be older, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be the bigger man. Especially considering we wouldn’t be sitting here without him.”
"Eggcelent idea, Jawn!" he said to the tiles beneath his squashed face.
Suddenly Sherlock couldn’t breathe, a sudden gasping of breath forcing its way through his throat as Sherlock felt his heart begin to pound and his stomach roll sickly. Something was wrong and Sherlock didn’t know what. Thankfully, John had heard the noise and turned, immediately rushing to Sherlock’s side and bending down beside the sofa with a worried frown.
A smartly dressed doorman let them inside, and they approached the reception desk, both taking in the vaulted ceiling and massive chandelier sending glints of light around the chic vintage themed foyer.
Sherlock suddenly screwed up his face, appearing to notice for the first time that they were surrounded by at least a half dozen cats, who were perched on every available surface-the counter included- staring at them.
They were going to have to have a serious conversation about his misusing their kitchen as a lab later, John decided.
Metal.
Taking a deep and nervy breath, John gave Sherlock’s cock a few pumps and ran his hand over the slit to take away some of the abundant precome before anxiously leaning down and licking at the remainder of the slick gathering at the tip of Sherlock’s cock.
That was when he realised that John was still wearing the underwear, and a devious plan began to form in his head.
“As do I, John Watson. I think perhaps I always have.”
and Greg beamed as Mycroft looked up in shock. He watched as Mycroft whispered, “You said no?”
Rather than answering, Sherlock snatched it from his hand and threw it across the room, making John cackle in surprise.
, John!” Sherlock cried out, mouth falling open.
“You love me really.” John laughed, walking away with another happy whistle.
“I can see that. Are you going to let me in, or not?”
“Fucking hell!” John startled, glaring at Sherlock, “Why are you sitting there in the dark like a goblin?”
A movement to his left caught John off guard and before he could defend himself he was pushed against the wall. For a split second, John thought that it was an intruder, someone from one of their cases who had come for revenge on Sherlock, and the thought spiked panic through his stomach as he attempted to break the hold that he was in. He turned his head, clenched his fists and was met with Sherlock looking angrier and more broken than he had ever seen outside of one of Sherlock’s drug binges.
John raised a shaky hand to cover Sherlock's where it still rested on his flushed cheek, and began to return the caress of his lips.
Before Mycroft could get another word in, he ended the call.
Love you all lots x
The other man didn’t waste a single moment, bringing his lips down to crash eagerly against John’s so fast the older man barely had enough time to close his eyes. John didn’t hesitate, his lips effortlessly finding their home between Sherlock’s. As the moments passed, what started out as a slow and gentle kiss grew faster, more urgent. John’s hand came up to tangle in Sherlock’s curls and the detective moaned, biting the other man’s bottom lip lightly. Whimpering, John swept his tongue against the seam of Sherlock’s lips, which instantly parted for him. Both men groaned into each other’s warm mouths as their tongues made contact, and in an impressive show of strength, Sherlock grabbed John’s hips and pulled him onto his lap.
Without hesitation, John rolled over, kissing Sherlock to pass the time as the inexperienced man fumbled with his shirt buttons. After a short struggle, it was flung to the floor. He pulled off Sherlock’s shirt so that they were skin on skin, then rushed to remove his own belt and trousers, becoming more desperate for relief with every passing second. Sherlock hesitated, reaching out to trace his fingers along the outline of the massive bulge tenting his black pants, and jumped slightly when John moaned.
Groaning in encouragement, John flicked her tongue fast, up and down, battering Sherlock’s clit relentlessly. She dug her nails into Sherlock’s arse, pressed hard against that spot inside her. Sherlock’s vaginal muscles clamped and released, then clamped again.
“Do you
It was the longest they had been apart since becoming a couple, and she’d had to leave in the middle of a case. She’d warned Sherlock almost a month in advance, but when embroiled in a mystery, John knew that Sherlock tended to ignore or delete anything deemed irrelevant to the crime. It was no surprise that Sherlock forgot about the trip, and John had only felt a little guilty for laughing at Sherlock’s expression when she entered their room to find John packing her bags.
Pulling away roughly, John shakes his head. “We’re not going to make it.”
Panic and excitement exploded through her. She stiffened in Sherlock’s arms.
Bowing her head, John bit her lip as she realized how audacious their new position was. There was someone on the other side of the stall wall John was leaning on. In her peripheral vision, she could see a woman washing her hands through the gap along the stall door. She burned, arched into Sherlock’s hold, spread her legs for the hand slipping up her inner thigh. Breath hot on the back of her neck, Sherlock chuckled, pressed her pelvis to John’s bum.
“You have the oddest way of giving compliments,” John retorts and is mildly dazzled by Sherlock’s responding grin.
With a snort, John reaches over and snags Sherlock’s mobile out of his hands, quickly reading the texts as Sherlock squawks and swipes at him.
“And what happened precisely four and a half weeks ago?” John prompts again, a tinge of amusement to his voice.
“You don’t actually state what ‘it’ is,” Sherlock complains.
“Well, yes, certainly,” Wilson says, fumbling for his mobile. “I’ll just have to find it…”
Laughing, John lets Sherlock snatch his mobile back and grabs Sherlock’s hand instead, raising it so he can press a kiss to the knuckles.
John had left for the airport later that afternoon, Sherlock lifting her head for an absentminded kiss from where she was slumped in her chair, thinking. When John arrived at her hotel hours later, she got a chain of texts from Sherlock reading:
Sherlock had hummed, giving her bare waist an appreciative squeeze before whirling away. “Don’t dawdle!”
When the transformation is complete, the werewolf staggers to its feet, shuddering as it settles into its body. Malicious red eyes scan slowly, taking in the cell…the chains…Sherlock.
“I’m not even fucking human! How could you forget that? You’re practically terrified of me, but step in the way of a bullet –” Sherlock is pale and John is not helping. With a curse he shuts himself up. He needs to leave, but the thought of going for a walk and braving the sounds and scents of London makes him nauseated. “There’s ibuprofen over the sink,” he mutters, heading for the stairs to his room. “I’ll be down in a bit.”
“Up, up, now, now,” Sherlock ordered, gripping her upper arms and tugging.
Silver knife in hand, Sherlock watches John with apprehension. “I don’t think I like this experiment.”
When the gun’s chamber is empty, Sherlock lets out a low whistle. “Crack shot, just like I said.”
“And why did you decide to dump a bottle of bleach in here?”
For a second, Sherlock stops breathing, muscles snapping taught as every cell in his body goes ablaze. Like a dying star, pleasure explodes and consumes him from the inside out, a sob ripping from his throat as he jerks in John’s arms with the force of his orgasm. His seed spatters the sheets and his own chest, his cock twitching in John’s grip and muscles clenching relentlessly around John inside him. It’s a near unbearable ecstasy, his mind lighting up as his body comes undone, and then he sucks in a breath that brings the fading pleasure back to its peak. John groans his name when Sherlock shudders again, hips snapping roughly as he comes, body tense and hard against Sherlock’s. The feel of his partner’s orgasm, around and in him, is enough to pull a whimper out of Sherlock, aftershocks vibrating sweetly through his body. “Oh,
“Sherlock…” John began, flutters building to a frenzy in his belly as he attempted to explain. It had all gone too far, this was stupid and was going to end badly.
“Terry?”
"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen" John announced, gazing up at the ravished man above him who was busy basking in the afterglow.
"What. Do. Yew
John yelped and jumped backward reflexively, causing him to knock into Sherlock, who in turn stumbled back into a ladder with the can of paint on it.
“I get tested regularly, and we know you’re clean because you haven’t been exposed to anything since we tested you after the...drug incident, so I’ll leave the choice up to you” he whispered, smiling softly.
Sherlock scowled, knuckles turning white as he gripped the phone.
John almost choked on his next drink and put the bottle down, eyes narrowing with suspicion, “You’ve never seemed bothered by sex! Or had anybody over… Never had sex in the flat!”
"Sherlock? What on earth is wrong?" he asked, absent-mindedly setting the tea aside on a table to approach him.
“I’m alright, don’t
He could scarcely believe that something that had remained nothing more than a product of his greatest fantasies for so long was actually happening. The desire to pinch himself and make sure that he wasn’t dreaming was
John pulled out and collapsed on top of him, fresh air finally returning to his burning lungs.
“I know you are,” John smirked
Sherlock whispered, lowering his head into his hands in shame.
“Have you had this in all day?” John asked,
Bending quickly, John got on his knees and grabbed for the toy, turning it off after a few mortifying moments before throwing it back in the drawer and slamming it closed. He could feel his heartbeat in his ears through shame and embarrassment.
"Will you please help me out of these? I would very much like to kiss you right now."
Swallowing Sherlock’s come wasn’t something John had lusted over - but now he was in the middle of it he felt incredibly aroused. He chased the taste, licking around Sherlock’s foreskin to catch the last drops and then leaned back against the pillow with a cheeky smile. The smile was soon wiped from his face when Sherlock immediately moved for a deep and passionate kiss, moaning against John’s tongue as he tasted himself. His cock gave another throb where it was resting on John’s collarbone but Sherlock knew neither of them would be able to go for a second round.
"Sherlock, would you please just talk to me, and tell me what the bloody hell is going on? You're starting to scare me!" he implored, rubbing his temples.
And surprisingly flirty.
John watched as Sherlock’s mouth tightened, but he stayed silent. The air grew tense around them as John drank his coffee silently.
“I’ve never been with a man… definitely not in love with a man! Probably never been in love with anyone really. Not truly. But the feelings that I have for you were scaring me to death. To hear you say the words first was just a bit overwhelming… I got scared and reacted badly and I’m sorry” John rambled nudging their noses together “I thought id really fucked it up.”
Not yet anyway.
"I am going to kiss you now. Passionately."
“You’re not...angry?” John probed, unable to believe what he was hearing.
Sherlock's breathing halted for a moment, and he went rod stiff before slowly relaxing against John.
Sherlock made quick work of ridding him of his trousers, lust blown pupils locking with John’s as he took hold of the last piece of clothing standing between them and total, delicious nakedness.
"That is quite alright, we will manage just fine I'm sure."
Sherlock opened the door wider to permit him entrance, and when John stepped foot in the room, he felt his jaw drop. It wasn’t just the walls that had paint on them. The floor, the ceiling, and even the windows were all splattered with the dark colour. It was as though someone had been playing paintball in the room.
John smiled. “I also brushed my teeth twice, even gave my tongue a good scrubbing.”
He had a semi-erection.
“Wow? I just rocked your world and that’s all you can say?” John grinned, laughing giddily into the side of Sherlock’s neck.
my back. I’m not a spring chicken like you anymore, Sherlock” he reminded him breathlessly, offering the flushed and half-ruined man beneath him an apologetic smile.
John felt desire stir deep within him at the sight of Sherlock's lean but lightly toned chest.
They stepped out into a plush hallway and meandered along until they came to a gold number four proudly displayed on a mahogany door. John fished the keycard out of his pocket and fumbled with it in the slot until an obviously irritated consulting detective took it from him and opened it in one fluid motion.
“I imagine its top quality.” Sherlock grumbled, “Nothing but the best for Mycroft.”
"Dear god John!" Sherlock moaned as the older man pressed hot, open mouthed kisses to his barely clothed cock, his pale hips bucking wildly off the bed with every touch.
"Yes well, I had a hunch you might appreciate that."
John laughed, placing a little kiss to the tip of Sherlock's graceful nose.
“Keep up, John. Now, my brother is never going to just admit to having an interest in you, so we are going to have to motivate him by playing to his extremely jealous nature.”
Sherlock slowly brought his sad gaze up to meet John's, and the other man's amused grin fell.
“And you’re wrong…” Sherlock said with a touch of defiance, “Sometimes I don’t even wait until you’re in bed. Many a time I have laid on my bed with my fingers inside me whilst I listen to you potter around the flat. Whistling and humming…” he reached down with his free hand and stroked his own cock, seemingly trying to stop the ache, “And sometimes I used to try and masturbate along with you. I'd hear you go in the shower or in your bedroom and I would try and follow you. You think you’re being quiet but you’re really not.”
John asked with a tone of disbelief.
He wouldn’t be needing their help anymore.
Sherlock took in a breath.
Warmth spread from John’s heart to his toes.
“You’ve been awfully quiet, Doctor Watson. So tell me, does Sherlock cry after sex? Did he faint the first time he saw you naked? Does he still suck his thumb like he did until he was twelve?”
John returned a moment later with two cups, pausing with a start when he saw Sherlock flopped down dejectedly, the upper half of his body comically wrapped in Christmas lights.
Sherlock blushed, and was about to answer, but was silenced when John’s mouth found his cock.
“Fuck, Sherlock, you’re so bloody tight!” John moaned against his lips as he slammed into him.
“I… I'm rather at your mercy, John.” Sherlock blushed, “Although I have a lot of theoretical knowledge I'm rather lacking at the practical. Perhaps we could… just touch?”
Two hours later they were both well and truly sloshed.
"There is a whole bar stocked with a considerable amount of high priced alcoholic beverages in the living room, all of which would be sent straight to Mycroft's bill should they be consumed."
“I… I ought to apologise.” John began as Sherlock began a rambled “I was upset.”
“You know, I’m never going to let you live it down that it was
"They are wishing the happy couple a romantic stay in their premium honeymoon suite, and a long and happy life together."
Sherlock gazed back up at him and nodded, biting his lip.
John was unable to answer for a moment. Sleeping together was one thing, but admitting to feeling that four-letter word was a whole different thing.
“Christ is
A warm, fuzzy feeling washed over him.
Sherlock growled low in his throat.
“It’s a talent.”
Sherlock raised a hand and smoothed it along John's cheek, tracing a line down to just short of his lips.
His fingers traced down the cleft of Sherlock’s ass, making the undone younger man shiver under him.
sacred?”
John didn’t need to follow the paint trail; he already knew exactly where he was heading.
"John?"
It was only then that Sherlock was able to stop and think long enough for the realisation to hit that his brother knew about his feelings for John, but his alcohol-soaked brain failed to find importance in it, and simply filed it away in his mind palace to re-examine later.
Sherlock didn't answer, eyes darting away in shame.
“Christ.” John moaned, head falling back.
“I sprung it upon you. I’m sorry.” Sherlock replied, hands tangling into the bottom of John’s jumper in an attempt to pull him back towards him, “I shouldn’t have said it like that.”
John reluctantly slid out of him, watching as some of the product of their passion slowly flowed out of Sherlock.
Suddenly, he was all too aware of how close they were standing to each other in the intimately lit room, so close he could smell the musky cologne Sherlock was wearing.
John gaped at her in disbelief.
“That isn’t why he did it, and you know it. Now
Before John could speak, Sherlock spun on his heels and disappeared, his departure punctuated by his bedroom door slamming so hard the china rattled in the cupboards.
"I therefore propose that we get thoroughly plastered, so as to exact revenge on my brother for this situation he has put us in. Money may be no object to him, but it's
“I’m so sorry” Lestrade sighed, before rising to hurriedly trail after his boyfriend.
Reluctantly the detective met his concerned eyes, the same eyes that had taken his breath away the very first time they met.
"Wait a minute, did she just say
“Well, you have it. So
” John moaned as he picked up the pace, reveling in the delicious heat of Sherlock’s channel.
They were in a cab on their way back to the flat when Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his car seat, something suddenly poking into him. Upon fishing in the pocket of his trousers, his hand closed around a small remote.
“The last time you were ‘bored’ you shot holes in the walls, and this is considerably less destructive, so if you really want to play doctor I won’t stop you I suppose.”
John flinched but didn’t move away.
John rolled his eyes and took advantage of the opportunity to rake his eyes over the taller man in a seemingly innocent manner.
“You. Are. Mine.” Sherlock bit out, pushing himself against John so he could press his nose into the join of John’s neck and shoulder, inhaling deeply and
John briefly wondered if he was dreaming.
"You've got to be bloody
Sherlock sighed impatiently ahead of him, his breath coming out in clouds. The sun was slowly setting, and with it, the temperature was plummeting. If the stubborn younger man didn’t decide on a spot to set up camp soon, John was going to shoot him. He had brought his gun just in case he needed it, anyway.
. The two of you deserve each other!”
“We can discuss this in more detail in future.” Sherlock promised, “Tonight is not the time or the place… but I understand. I was angry and frustrated and I blamed you too much entirely.”
He has loud, annoying sex with women 9/10
John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock, who had remained miraculously quiet, plucked a card off the bed and blushed crimson as he read it. "Hilarious, Mycroft. I may die from laughter" Sherlock snarled, tossing it angrily to the floor.
It was cozy, with exquisite vintage furniture and arched windows that looked out over the countryside, two armchairs nestled into a nook on the opposite wall.
"Oh come on, Sherlock. You don't think this is at least a
There was a moment of odd silence which stretched out between them, only the low hum of the water jets around them making noise before John inhaled deeply and, in a quiet voice, whispered “Do you?”
John snorted.
! Jesus!” John yelped, Sherlock’s tooth scraping the sensitive skin painfully before he could finish getting the warning out.
“Remind me again what exactly it is we are here for, Sherlock?” he questioned, hissing out a curse when he tripped over a tree root and almost dove face-first into the ground.
"What kind of tr....oh
For a moment he was too startled to move his own, to overcome by the bolt of lightning that zipped right through his very core at the touch.
John grinned.
“Have you had this in all day?” John asked,
"Not so much anymore. He's really not a bad guy sometimes, your brother. You really should give him a chance, Sherlock."
“Sherlock.”
“What did he say?” John asked again,
Sherlock groaned into John’s mouth as their tongues found each other, his hands slipping into the doctor’s silvery blonde hair, and the reverberations of sensation sent a jolt of pleasure straight to John’s groin.
“Take a few deep breaths for me” he instructed gently, slowly applying more and more pressure to his entrance with the head of his cock until the man under him relaxed enough for him to slip the tip through the ring of tight muscle.
Sherlock awoke early and immediately headed to the living room, grabbing his laptop and plonking down in his seat as he fired up the device. His head was still spinning with anxiety at his realisation but he had an idea.
Sherlock hadn’t heard him.
"Oh god, John, that is
Neither of them made eye contact as they took their seats opposite the older couple, John awkwardly trying to right his hastily thrown on clothes, Sherlock fussing with hair so frizzy he could rival a show poodle.
John wondered if he might push for a little more NHS funding if he flirted well enough before he shook the images from his head and groaned with disgust.
“What other brother would have stayed awake to escort their demanding baby brother onto the garden lawn with a sleeping bag and a flask of tea to watch Halley's Comet pass by in 1986?” Sherlock said as his lower lip wobbled. “You were my best friend. Until John, you were my
, will you? I refuse to be late when we were the ones to suggest this idea.”
“I forbid it.” Sherlock said, eyes as small and dangerous as his cheeks were flushed. He looked every inch the dangerous madman that John had been warned about.
“Tonight is about you, not me” he smiled, “I want to make it good.”
"Thank you, John" he replied, and the doctor could see just well enough in the darkness to witness a small grateful smile ghost across Sherlock's lips.
An annoyed, exhausted John disappeared into the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea. Once he was out of sight, Sherlock frowned. When he stopped to think about how tired John must be, considering Rosie had let him sleep no more than a few hours a night for the last week, an unfamiliar emotion settled over him-
"You're welcome" John whispered, his eyes connecting with Sherlock's again for a moment in that funny way they had earlier, sending a shiver down his spine.
He gently slid out of Sherlock, both men stopping a moment to take in the evidence of their lovemaking trickling out of him.
John allowed himself to indulge in imagining that rather than his own hand, it was Sherlock’s mouth he was rutting into desperately, those full lips wrapped around him as he fucked into his warm mouth, the younger man taking him deeper and deeper as he licked and sucked.
“It’s because I’m fucking brilliant,” John whispered after a moment, setting both men off in a deep, rich giggle.
John laughed. “You
“Why?”
not when said man had water dripping down the length of his lightly toned body, and he raised a hand to brush limp, black curls out of eyes that almost matched the colour of the water he was currently treading.
"Then what?" John asked, looking more and more concerned with every passing second.
!" Sherlock yelled when John adjusted his angle to drive a well aimed thrust that hit his sweet spot with perfect accuracy.
“Thensitive?” Sherlock lisped, blinked and then repeated “Sen-sit-ive” slowly, spelling out the word to ensure he wasn’t lisping.
“How is this ever going to work between him and I, if we can’t even sit in the same room as each other, Gregory? We’ve wasted our entire lives spitting venom at each other, and I’m so
“Come on,” John sighed, “Let's go and watch.”
"What on earth for? This? They're just cheap lights, Sherlock, it's not a big de-..."
Suddenly they became aware of the sound of very familiar footsteps coming towards the room, and John
Sherlock pouted and moved to sit up, head-spinning wildly which caused him to go momentarily off-balance and fall to one side. John immediately caught Sherlock, holding him in his arms to stop him from toppling off the sofa and frowning softly down at him.
"Well I...an important matter arose that required my full attention." His voice was small, wavering under the weight of fear and uncertainty.
It was eight in the morning, and John had just sat down with his morning coffee when they caught his eye. A series of deep purple splotches on the floor trailed past the living room and down the hallway out of sight. When he became aware of the acrid scent of fresh paint permeating the flat, he was immediately on his feet, cursing to himself.
"Congratulations to you both again, we hope you have a wonderful stay!" she called after them just as the lift doors were closing.
“Of course. I’m sorry, I didn’t even think” Sherlock mumbled as he disentangled his long body from John’s, unable to hide the flash of disappointment that passed over his features.
John watched the younger man try to stifle a yawn, and his eyes fell to his watch.
By the time he got to ten, a sex crazed detective threw open the shower door and slammed John against the tiled wall.
He came hard between their bellies with a guttural cry, pulse after pulse of pearly white seed spurting from him until he collapsed limply against the bed beneath John. The sensation of his muscles contracting and squeezing around him was all it took for John to find his own release, screaming Sherlock’s name as he filled him up, his vision fading out for a moment.
incredible. Did you know that?” he whispered against the younger man’s pale skin.
“What about the mushrooms?”
John put out a hand, and when Sherlock helped him to his feet the doctor clasped it and started leading him out of Sherlock’s bedroom.
! To admit that there was a chance and John would call it all off, tell Mycroft to bugger off and get out of their business. If only Sherlock would say something, then John could put this all behind them…
His thoughts went straight to the man sitting in the kitchen, as they had whenever he indulged in self pleasure for quite some time.
...Wait… this is… are you… what?” John blinked, so confused that he momentarily felt sick.
“You used to think I could do magic and conjure up thoughts from people's subconscious… but how is it that you always know what I’m going to say?” Sherlock asked, allowing himself to be tugged down to the bed and positioned so that his head was directly above John’s heart, over his bare chest. John curled his hand up and casually stroked Sherlock’s hair, soothing him with the innocent touches as they shared that moment.
Sherlock laughed.
home.”
“Sherlock…” John groaned, nipping at Sherlock’s swollen bottom lip as he adjusted his hold on Sherlock’s prick, stroking it rapidly with a wet noise as the precome made a slapping noise between their skin, “Please… Please come… I want you to come first…”
“I bet you want to get up and dance…?” John asked jokingly, turning to speak to Sherlock and then realising that he had gone. Disappeared into the crowd like he often did on crime scenes. John stepped away from the dance floor, walked to the bar and found Sherlock there alone, shooting back a glass of what looked like whisky which was unusual. Sherlock rarely touched alcohol unless it had been a tough case, or if he was upset about something.
"Yes, a few times. I was in the army, remember? A group of young men trapped together for weeks at a time eventually turn to... creative means of alleviating boredom."
. There was no way in hell Sherlock was ever going to find out that Mycroft Holmes had suggested John join him and Gregory for a
"He's a bloody excellent kisser, too" he whispered huskily into Sherlock's ear.
John cradled the taller man’s neck with a hand as their lips intertwined, wrapping Sherlock’s arms around him with the other. When he attempted to deepen the kiss,  Sherlock jumped in surprise, accidentally nipping down on John’s tongue. John yelped and pulled back, tasting blood. He pressed the back of his hand to his mouth for a moment, waiting for the pain to subside.
“Oh and John?”
“You can't tempt me with that mental image and then reject me! That’s… that’s just cruel John! And as a doctor, you are sworn to do no harm and this would do more harm than the stabbing!” Sherlock argued, smirking when John frowned dramatically.
But at the same time, he had made an agreement to see this plan of Mycroft’s through, and Mycroft Holmes did not strike John as a man that took well to being told no.
After a moment of brief deliberation, he donned a simple pair of pyjama pants and an old comfortable t-shirt, before returning to the living room. He had considered making a grand entrance sans clothing, but feared he would spook Sherlock, so decided against it.
"It's not my fault you forgot to take those off, John."
"John I...I love you."
“Oh god, John, I’m going to...going to….” he trailed off, his nails digging into John’s back.
John squeezed his hand, and a comfortable silence stretched between them.
“Sherlock Holmes! Jesus C
“Are you sure it’s supposed to feel like this?” Sherlock asked softly, “Because it's overwhelming and terrifying. I feel like my heart is going to explode!.”
John suddenly grinned anew as an idea crossed his mind.
"And I you, John.  If you promise to actually tell this clueless idiot when you want help, I promise to do better in the future."
“Sherlock, there’s something I really need to tell you,” he said quietly, unable to make himself meet Sherlock’s eyes. He already hated himself for what he had done, so surely Sherlock would hate him too.
John felt his cock twitch in excitement at the mere thought of what Sherlock was asking him to do, the idea of being the first to
They took matching swigs from overflowing glasses of what John guessed to be bourbon of some description, and then he leapt to his feet.
“Well, I...the date with Mycroft was not genuine, Sherlock. Your brother orchestrated the entire thing in the hope that it would make you jealous enough to want me. I never had any feelings for him and vice versa. I went along with it because I was so desperate to finally have you, but it was so wrong of me to toy with your emotions so selfishly.”
The woman appeared perplexed and shook her head.
A long silence stretched between them, and John busied himself with adding more wood to the dying fire.
For the most part, they worked in silence, but after an hour of accidentally brushing against each other John felt like he was going to implode, and put on the radio. Sherlock didn’t believe in trivial ‘boring people’ things like Spotify.
"I'll handle it this time" he insisted, gently moving John off his lap so he could stand.
Sherlock's hands found John's short hair, a moan slipping past his lips as he began grinding his hips up into the older man, who shuddered above him.
It was true that they had been through a lot together and grown much closer after Sherlock's 'death' and Mary's murder.
John sank down onto the comfortable bed and put his head in his hands, shoulders shaking.
Sherlock whimpered and nodded enthusiastically.
Mycroft cringed, turning to see if any other patrons had taken notice of the commotion. They had.
When he was finally fully seated inside him, he took a moment to commit every detail of the sight before him to memory. The impossibly beautiful man beneath him was bathed in midday sunlight, making him look as though he was glowing from within. His normally perfectly coifed curls were plastered limply to his skin, still dripping water from the shower. Glittering eyes that he was sure would be the literal death of him one day were gazing up at him trustingly, pupils blown wide with lust.
"Oh?" John enquired, perking up considerably.
John only became aware of just how close they were when Sherlock leaned over him even further to apply a dressing. His scent wafted straight into John, an odd mix of coffee and chemicals that should have been awful, but somehow was anything but.  John's skin now felt like it was on fire everywhere they touched, especially in the spot where Sherlock's free hand cluelessly rested on his upper thigh as he fussed over the correct position to adhere the dressing to his knee.  They were so close, too bloody
“You’re ridiculous, you know. A simple ‘no thanks’ would have sufficed.”
“Mmm” Sherlock grimaced, but he didn’t sound very convincing and John had to fight the urge to pull out and scrap the entire thing - as much as he loved the idea of being Sherlock’s first, he didn’t want to do it at the expense of Sherlock’s pleasure. “Just… Give me a second.”
John moved over and tentatively spooned Sherlock's back.
The cabin was surprisingly well furnished, and in very little disrepair despite its obvious age. John decided that someone must have stayed there recently, judging by the lack of dust.
Without another word, Sherlock reached down and hooked a finger into John’s pants, and flicked them off. John’s cock sprang free to hit his belly, a bead of pre-come beading at the slit. Sherlock reached down to take it in hand and give it a few lazy pumps while John busied himself with removing Sherlock’s own underwear. Sherlock’s cock was much larger than John had anticipated, and his breath caught in his chest.
“You. Are. Mine.” Sherlock bit out, pushing himself against John so he could press his nose into the join of John’s neck and shoulder, inhaling deeply and sniffing the hidden scent of John, the smell not mingled with Mycroft’s heady cologne.
When they approached their table, they were met with Mycroft’s irritated glare, and a very amused Gregory Lestrade.
It's hard to believe that we are finally bringing this story to an end. We had a marvellous time writing it, (even if we are going to hell), and hope that it makes you just as happy as readers.
"No, that is definitely the room selection listed on your booking, and I'm afraid we have no other available rooms tonight."
pissed.
Reaching for the glass of water at his bedside, John downed it and looked at the phone again just to double check it wasn’t a hallucination. When the text didn’t vanish, John threw himself back down onto the bed with a croaky groan as he tried to imagine what a date with Mycroft would entail. Lots of high-end wine and droning dull conversation about politics or policy, he expected.
“Stop calling it a stabbing! It was a bloody accident you menace!” John sighed and then lifted Sherlock into his arms, “Right, if you want it then you’re getting it - just not in the living room where Mrs Hudson can see if she visits.”
Half an hour. That was how long they had been trudging through the forest in the fading daylight, and John had already had enough. He stumbled after Sherlock under the weight of all the bloody bags gritting his teeth, because it was apparently ‘crucial’ that the detective scout out the best possible campsite from which to do his research.
"I see. You are amused."
"Case?"  Sherlock asked when John had hung up the phone and thrown it at the bed.
Friendship was all they had ever wanted; all John had needed.
“I would never turn against you” John promised.
“I always muffle myself! You couldn’t hear me through the door or the ceiling!” John scoffed,
he proclaimed, snatching up a remote off the coffee table and madly mashing at buttons until a thumping beat started blaring out of the speakers in the ceiling.
His cheeks reddened, and he busied himself with trying to comb his wet silver-blonde hair back into place with his fingers. His hand fell back to its resting place against the rug, accidentally brushing against Sherlock’s own fingertips, and he pulled it away as if stung. A long silence followed, broken only by the sound of rain pummeling the roof of their dwelling. John could have sworn he saw the detective’s gaze subtly sweep over him out of the corner of his eye several times as he stared into the flames, but he couldn’t be sure.
The first thing he noticed was that the person beside him was male. Although John had found he was more open to indulging in a sexual relationship with Sherlock, he didn’t think he could try with any other male. The second was that sitting beside him was the British Government himself.
John looked at Sherlock, their eyes meeting before they burst into giggles.
The younger man still didn’t move, so John cupped his chin and gently turned his head to face him.
"Don't be so sure, John. There are some things that can't be unsaid!" he whispered, pain in his eyes.
Their strange staring competition had gone on for several moments before they went their separate ways to change.
The words sent a shockwave of excitement through his body.
“Alright,” he said softly as he removed himself from Sherlock’s grasp, “back in a few, then.”
They found themselves still huddled around the warm fire long after their dinner had been consumed, toasting the marshmallows that John had insisted on bringing, making easy conversation as they stared up at the glittering canopy of stars.
“You’re such a weirdo” John snorted and then gave a rapid happy knock against the wood, “Night Sherlock. Sweet dreams!”
“Did we really spend that much? I mean… I know he sent them to us as a joke but I’m not returning the sex toys.” John insisted.
"We have been married all of three months. Add in the two of us being thrust into first time parenthood together at the same time, and there is bound to be a few kinks to work out, Sherlock. If you want to help out a little more with Rosie, I'd love that. But it doesn't mean I don't still fucking
The pleasure of the touches seemed to make Sherlock relax a little, his muscles unclenching so that John was able to move in tiny increments, barely rocking back and forth but still allowing Sherlock to recover from the stretch. The hot heat of him wrapped around John’s bare cock was making his head spin and John let his forehead fall down to rest on Sherlock’s clavicle, breathing heavily as he rolled and rocked his hips.
Sherlock reached up to touch John’s face, infatuated and dizzy with the rush of endorphins, “You can never leave me… Please, promise you won’t leave me?”
“Mycroft Holmes, the past two years have been the happiest of my life. You have made me a better man, taught me what it feels like to be truly loved. I want to be by your side for the rest of my life. Would you do me the incredible honour of marrying me?”
Sherlock shot him a withering glare and shoved a spare roller at him from the nearby paint tray.
"Which would be? I'm
John hated camping.
John nodded, and let Sherlock take the lead as they began jogging faster toward the shelter that he prayed was still there. Twenty minutes passed before it came into view, a sweet little log cabin with its door and windows still mercifully intact. The older man had never been happier to see a building in his entire life, and judging by his matching expression, neither had Sherlock.
"Sleep well, John" Sherlock murmured as he rolled over to face the other way, making the decision for him.
At his own brother's wedding no less.
Laid out on his bed like a sex worker in a Victorian Molly house, Sherlock grinned as he let his leg bounce slightly off the edge of the bed. The cover was barely covering his crotch, wrapped haphazardly by John when he had covered Sherlock as he left to go to the bathroom. Sweat slicked Sherlock’s bruise covered and sex bitten skin, the bottoms of his hair were soaked against the pillow as Sherlock raised one arm above his head whilst the other held a cigarette loosely, occasionally bringing it up for a long drag and then exhaling towards the window. John didn’t like it - hated when Sherlock did this - but they had agreed and swore that Sherlock would only ever smoke after very good sex.
“Succeeding in embarrassing you.” John teased, kissing the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
We have had an absolute blast writing it, and hope that it has brought the same joy to others!
"This won't do. These clo..clothes need to come offf now, Jawn!"
"So good at interfering with our sex life already, and she's only seven months old" John groaned, slumping against him.
Listening with joy, John heard Sherlock’s hissed out noises turn to moans and then to shouts as they built up and up, harder and harder, with John sweating and panting down at Sherlock between passionate kisses. The sounds of sex and slickness echoed around the flat as John began to feel himself getting closer to his peak, desperately hoping that Sherlock reached orgasm first.
Flustered, she readjusted her glasses before greeting them.
“Sorry, what?” John asked in fright when the other man’s deep voice broke the silence.
John leaned down over him, a devious grin crossing his face.
He shucked off his own underwear, laughing at the wonder filled eyes that fell to his erection, before pausing with his hand on the waistband of Sherlock’s.
“Shut up!” Sherlock barked again, “He cannot have you. He has everything else. He has the money, and the power, he has mummy’s love and fathers pride. He cannot have you, John. I won’t allow it.”
Very slowly he lifted his arm and curled it around Sherlock's middle, able to feel the exact moment Sherlock's breathing quickened at the contact.
Sherlock found it rather odd that the older man's closeness was causing him to react in such a way. He had been just as close to John dozens of times in the past on cases-hell,
Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes for a moment to regain composure before he uttered the four words that had the power to determine whether the rest of his life would still include the man sitting beside him.
“With all due respect, John.” Sherlock smirked, “After what you did to me with them… I don’t think they’d want them back.”
Sherlock gasped into John's mouth as he began to slowly rub at it with a cupped hand, creating just the slightest bit of friction.
for fuck’s sake John? Is
Shaking the thought from his mind, he pulled his jacket tighter across his chest against the cold with a shiver.
Suddenly John registered a slight movement, and then a large hand slowly entwined with his.
Sherlock was pulled from his mind-palace by an annoyingly chirpy hum and the clinking of dishes being put onto a sideboard, John had apparently got in from work whilst Sherlock was organising and had taken to doing annoying things like washing up, breathing and eating, because when Sherlock twisted his head back to look at John he found the younger man humming to a tune that Sherlock didn’t recognise whilst doing an odd little shimmy thing with his lower half. Sherlock’s eyes immediately rushed to fix onto John’s bottom, watching the perfect mounds move in the fabric of John’s Marks & Spencer slacks.
"Yes. But it sounds like Lestrade can handle it, he just wants your opinion on a theory - so let's just get it done so we can at least salvage some of the day" John sighed, already pulling on the nearest clean trousers and shirt, chucking some at Sherlock as he went.
“Sherlock are you sure this is what you want? We can stop right here” he whispered.
“There is? What would that be?” John asked, squinting at the devilish grin on Sherlock’s face.
"I'll know that you really are a coward."
He grabbed Sherlock's shoulders and rolled them both forcefully, until he was perched atop the detective.
,” Sherlock muttered again, putting down his glass and simply drinking directly from the bottle, “Remember? Of course, his hotel comes with free sex aids.”
“ Are you...sure you want to do this?”
John snorted and nestled in against him, both men closing their eyes.
When their meals arrived, and Sherlock was sure the doctor was distracted by his food, he turned the underwear back on, this time sliding the dial as high as it would go in one hit.
as other couples joined the dancefloor, including Sherlock’s parents who danced together, Mr Holmes’ cheek resting on his wife’s head as they moved together.
“Fuck! Just like that John, don’t stop!” Sherlock cried out, hips flying off the bed once again. John continued his movements, hitting the sweet spot inside of him over and over.
John realized that every kiss he had ever had leading up to that moment was simply a rehearsal for the real thing. it felt as though Sherlock was consuming his entire soul. He couldn’t get enough of the taste of him as their tongues danced, of the way his lean form felt beneath him as he began to gently rock against him as they kissed..
Sherlock blew out an exhausted, satiated breath, and collapsed atop the smaller man.
With a laboured sigh, Sherlock humoured him. "What do yew wa-nt, Mycrooft?"
“I am perfectly capable of having fun, thank you very much, John.”
Sherlock reached down and swiped a finger through it, bringing it up to his mouth to lick clean.
Sherlock's hand slid back into his pocket, and he smiled.
“Yes, John Watson, I am. You are exactly what I want.”
The doctor tried very hard not to notice the way the fading orange light that filtered through the trees danced across Sherlock’s handsome figure as he walked, but it was proving difficult.
Greg waved them off dismissively.
Taking the younger man’s hand, he lead them out of the bathroom, ignoring the pain building in his knees from the abuse they had just had, and lead them through the flat to his bedroom. He backed them through the doorway, stealing Sherlock’s lips in a violent kiss as his hands groped at every square inch of pale skin he could reach.
"I spent hours trying to find the right way to say this, grappling for the right words. But in the end, perhaps the best method is the simplest one."
“It’s called dancing, Sherlock. It’s
The man nodded, smiling softly and turning his head to kiss John’s hand.
Sherlock laughed, tracing John’s cheek.
“I…” John started, falling silent when Mycroft slowly leaned across the table until they were eye to eye, mere inches between their lips.
Sherlock shook his head.
"I won't bite you Sherlock. Come and get warm you daft git, its below freezing."
“What is it, John?” he asked concernedly, brow furrowed and a large hand settling over John’s to lace their fingers together.
” John yelled, choking on his water and breaking into a coughing fit.
Sherlock visibly stiffened and John heard his breath hitch.
There was a moment of stillness, something in John was crying out for Sherlock to say something -
“John, why the hell did we wait so long to do this?”
“Alright fine! But if we end up late, there’ll be no sex for a week!”
John positioned himself over Sherlock’s body, gently nudging his legs apart a little further to line the head of his hard prick up with his entrance.
The older man struggled for a moment to orient himself and realized that the person responsible for his rude awakening was Sherlock. He was still shaking him, and he looked scared. John quickly understood why; rain and wind were beating down on their tent so violently it was rocking side to side. He was about to snap at Sherlock that he was indeed awake when a clap of thunder rang out, followed by a bright flash of lightning that made them both jump in the air like startled cats.
Sherlock couldn't help but grin impishly at the words despite himself, enjoying the revelation that he still had that effect on his husband.
All too soon, Sherlock's long fingers were gone, and John almost whimpered at the loss.
John scowled as he heaved his own bag out of the boot, and stumbled to catch up with him.
"There I was thinking you might have been going to say that it was because you were spending more time with your friend!" Sherlock ribbed, laughing.
When Sherlock began to get too enthusiastic, John got nervous. “Just be careful of your…-
When the overwhelming urge to rut against Sherlock rose inside John, he pulled back, angling his hips away and forcing Sherlock’s hand to fall from his skin with a heavy thunk against the bed. Sherlock looked nervous, worried that he had somehow failed but John kissed him again and softly nuzzled against the man’s cheek “It felt too good. Didn’t want it to be over yet.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes good-naturedly, pressing a haphazard kiss to John's chest.
John’s frown deepened as he looked between the bag, which did indeed have said article of clothing draped over it, and Sherlock.
“And I you, John Watson.”
“You kissed him.” Sherlock whined, going lax against John’s body but still inhaling, still indulging in the warmth, strong heat of his flatmate, “Your tongue was in his mouth… and
The conversation John had held with the eldest Holmes brother suddenly came flooding back, filling in the hazy gap in his memory and made his stomach swoop so dramatically that for a moment John had to gulp in a few breaths, pushing the nausea down rapidly.
Sherlock claimed John’s lips between his as the doctor began to slowly rock back and forth inside him, coaxing his tongue into dancing with his.
Thank you so much for reading another of our co-writes! We're always open to ideas if you want to comment!
“I didn’t think it was possible to be this sure about
It wasn’t long before John was close, but he knew Sherlock was even closer.
John shrugged and nodded, giving Sherlock non-verbal permission, so he informed the driver of the change of destination and they headed off in the direction of the closest restaurant.
“Mycroft! Behave!” Gregory hissed, and smacked Mycroft on the arm.
Dripping a trail of water after him, John set off to explore the few tiny rooms in the hope of finding blankets they could use to warm themselves up. Finding nothing but a bathroom and a small bedroom containing nothing more than a chest of drawers and two small fold-out beds, he gave in. Upon returning to the living area, Sherlock had clearly been far more successful in finding a means to warm their freezing bodies. The younger man was crouched on a large woolen rug in front of the stone fireplace that John had failed to notice, feeding kindling into a fire that was already building to a roar.
"Wow...is this what bears feeel like?" he marvelled, poking at Sherlock's chest hair with child-like wonder in his eyes.
“I wasn’t trying to get you off,” Sherlock responded, lifting his hand up to look at John’s handiwork, “I was simply curious what would happen!”
"We need to discuss your attraction to my brother.”
"There's something you need to know, John. What I'm about to say to you could cost me everything, but staying silent and allowing it to consume me seems a much worse fate" he said slowly, eyes falling to the floor.
John shook his head, and they slowly slipped back into normal conversation.
“Will you let me
John shot him a long, incredulous look.
Kudos and comments fuel us!
Dutifully he trudged through the trees as he followed marker after marker, the sound of leaves and twigs snapping under his feet echoing through the near-silent forest. John had forgotten how much he loved it, being far enough away from civilization to experience true quiet with only his own thoughts for company.
“It’s bloody intense for me…” John moaned, chuckling softly as he lifted his head to look at Sherlock and they shared a giddy smile.
"I leave you alone for five minutes unsupervised, and look at the mess you've gotten yourself into! You're worse than our daughter!"
His once bulletproof armor of overconfidence and self-assuredness was gone, revealing a whole other side to the man. He laughed unguardedly as they chatted, his posture relaxed, mouth curved into a happy smile.
Sherlock snorted, but his face remained serious. “Well yes, but that wasn’t what I was referring to.”
you, Sherlock."
They lapsed into silence until Sherlock noticed John staring forlornly into his empty glass.
John nudged Sherlock’s post coital body with his toe and sighed, “You know you can’t stay here all night.”
are you doing?” Sherlock asked, screwing his face up at the doctor.
“Alright, if we head another kilometer or so in this direction, there’s supposed to be an old hunting cabin” he yelled out.
“Sherlock Holmes! Jesus Christ!” John yelled, choking on his water and breaking into a coughing fit.
. You might have read about that word somewhere in one of your books?” John grinned, kicking it up a notch when the chorus hit again and laughing at Sherlock’s expressions as he danced in a circle around him, with no intention of stopping.
Seemingly unwilling to continue a conversation, John watched Sherlock for another long moment.  He dumped his half empty coffee cup into the sink, before downing some ibuprofen for his head and trudging off towards the bathroom.
"What did that arse say to you, Sherlock?" he whispered, softly pressing his palm over the younger man's thundering heart.
He managed to wipe the smirk from his face just in time for Sherlock to turn around.
“Mmm?”
“Satisfied is an understatement. We’re going to have to work on the teeth though.”
“Here. You missed a spot” Sherlock said slowly, pointing at a splotch of purple on his earlobe that John knew had to have been a guess. There was no way he could have known it was there without the help of a mirror.
“Sherlock…” John whispered, suddenly sad at putting Sherlock through this emotional whirlwind, “I don’t want him… I want
The bathroom was perhaps even more incredible than the bedroom was. There was a toilet, sink and bidet but what caught John’s attention was the huge hot top bath which proudly sat in front of the huge, tinted mirrors so that the users could look out over the large estate as they relaxed. The tint also showed John’s reflection, and the doctor assumed that was for amorous couples who may want to watch themselves as they enjoyed the bubbles.
to be, Sherlock put the shirt down and smiled innocently.
Sherlock removed John’s hand, and nervously gave the tip of his flushed prick an experimental lick, swiping through the precome gathering at the slit, and John groaned loudly.
When they finally jumped out of the taxi and sprinted into the restaurant to get out of the rain, they were ten minutes late and John was already seriously regretting the idea of having to follow through on his promise to withhold sex.
say that again."
When it had gotten late and the restaurant had started to empty, the pair bid the newly engaged couple farewell, and stood in silence on the pavement a few minutes later in the cold night air, waiting for a taxi.
What had he been thinking? He hadn't, obviously.
Sherlock seemed to be studying him as he worked.
in two days!”
“For now, yes. Everything is still coming back online.”
“How long have you been in love with me?”
“Oh really? Where would that be?” Sherlock whispered; brows raised in challenge.
“Sherlock... That was cruel.” Mycroft hissed.
“I think we’re even…” Sherlock responded, listening to Mycroft sigh into the receiver.
“I’ve not seen you this excited for one of your dreary dates before,” Sherlock practically snarled from his prone position on the sofa, “Tell me, what’s special about her?”
“It’s called being caring, Sherlock. It also happens to be quite important to maintain a little thing called
The shirt finally fell from Sherlock's body, and John hummed appreciatively at the sight, stealing another bruising kiss from his swollen lips as he made quick work of removing his own so that they were skin on skin from the waist up.
“Bit older than me. Redhead. Not my usual type but we’re going out on a date on Saturday.”
? Tell me what it said for god's sake Sherlock" John demanded, crossing the room.
They only finally changed and made the long trek back to camp when the sun started to set and an unpleasant chill began blowing over the water. By the time they returned to camp, both men were exhausted, and an agreement was made to skip dinner and go straight to sleep. This time around, John was far too tired to be distracted by Sherlock’s closeness. As soon as they were tucked into their sleeping bags John switched off their lantern, and within moments Sherlock was snoring and he was not far behind, drifting into the welcoming embrace of sleep and dreaming of a particular detective floating on a crystal blue lake.
and the younger man could do nothing but throw his head back and grind his hips, starting a stuttering rhythm whilst his hands supported him on John’s chest.
“A combination of fear, denial, and stubbornness, I’d say.”
He hoped to
John smiled and gave his lips a small peck. “Alright, then.”
Suddenly, it hit John that there was only the one bed, and his heart began thundering in his chest so loudly he was scared Sherlock could hear it.
"That's why you did all this, isn't it? To make a point, to find yet another way to prove that you are better than me."
But the harder he tried, the worse the knots became, and his frustration dragged him into more thoughts of the number of times he had failed to truly be there for John when he needed him recently. His mind filled with examples.
“Welcome to the family, Mycroft!” Katie laughed, blowing a kiss at Mycroft who blushed and nodded his head, which sent Greg into giggles as he blew a kiss to his daughter and then kissed his husband.
When they reached the bathroom John pushed Sherlock inside the shower and backed him up against the cold wall, viciously recapturing his swollen mouth with a renewed vigor. John started to trail his hands up and down the other man’s body in long strokes as they kissed, and Sherlock followed his lead.
“Sherlock and I would like to thank you both very much for your part in getting us together. I don’t know if we would have ever made that leap without the push” John smiled, entwining his hand with Sherlock’s on the table.
He waited until a pair of dazzling eyes begrudgingly met his.
“Sherlock, your idea of fun is microwaving body parts.”
“If you tell anyone I hugged you. I’ll murder you in your sleep” Sherlock whispered, making Mycroft laugh.
Slowly Sherlock dragged his eyes up to meet John's. Be the outcome good or bad, he wanted to be able to remember the look on John's face later, to tuck away in his mind palace to either reflect upon or lock away and throw away the key.
He doubled over and laughed till his side hurt at the shock and indignation on the face of the man blinking back at him. While he was distracted, he felt his shirt collar being touched, followed by something cold and wet sliding down his back.
John’s face reddened.
Hearing Mrs Hudson leaving, Sherlock put all of his inner strength into surviving the conversation without falling into a dead faint. He refused to beg, refused to plead for John not to leave him.
Sherlock stopped suddenly and pulled back, as though he had just come back to himself and realized what was happening.
“Easy does it. You won’t be much good to me if you bloody
, and John actually sodding
John’s heart clenched and a wave of anger flared up inside him at Mycroft putting that pressure onto Sherlock. He rubbed his thumbs across Sherlock’s cheekbones, “You know I'd do anything for you, yeah?” he asked.
His mouth slipped from Sherlock's lips to suck at the side of his elegant neck, eliciting a deep moan and another shiver.
“When I set off this morning I realized we would need to find somewhere to bathe at some point, so when I packed my own trunks to prepare for the event that I might come across a lake such as this I grabbed yours as well, knowing that you wouldn’t have thought of it. You’re welcome.”
name?”
Sherlock was married to his work after all. John was all too aware that any move he made would only end in a ruined friendship and an end to the small sliver of ill-advised hope he carried with him that one day things would change.
“You are the best and bravest man I’ve ever known,” John says as they break apart, voice strong with his conviction.
Those words are so dear John wants to cry, but settles for a bitter laugh. He has managed to deceive the great Sherlock Holmes. “You’ve said you can practically read my mind, but if you really know the thoughts I have… Hell, maybe you do, and that’s why you’re so scared of me.”
Blinking hard, John shoves the growling wolf into the back of his head and the man into the ground, knocking the bloody knife from his hand. He reeks of the girl’s blood and his fingernails are stained rusty. He lets out a pained whimper.
Text done, John drops the mobile back into Sherlock’s coat pocket, then leans his head back against the headrest. Closing his eyes, he and the wolf breathe deeply as Sherlock speeds through the streets.
With a feral howl, Sherlock ignores every screaming instinct and lunges towards the monster as it reaches for him, gripping the dagger in both hands. They collide with jarring force and Sherlock is momentarily stunned, spittle spattering his face as the wolf snaps for his neck. The beast screeches and slashes at him as the blade sinks a couple inches into its chest. There is a sharp sting along Sherlock’s ribs and he jerks back with a shout, the wolf stumbling after him.
With Sherlock hovering over his shoulder, John can feel the way his breath is not entirely steady, can hear his slightly elevated heart rate.
“Oh, God, don’t stop,” Sherlock grinds out.
It’s the night before the full moon and Sherlock is alone in his bed, listening to John pacing in the bedroom upstairs. He doubts either of them will get much sleep tonight.
Sherlock glances at his phone. “Forty-five minutes,” he says and they’re running, tearing through the building and out onto the empty street, jumping into the car. “Text Lestrade,” Sherlock orders as he starts the engine, pulling out his mobile and handing it to John. The wheels screech as his foot slams on the pedal.
“He’s probably anxious about not being able to track your exact location twenty-four-seven,” John says with a laugh and kisses him for courage. “See, this is how I know you love me.” He strokes his thumb across a striking, blushing cheekbone. “You’ll brave your brother for me.”
Curiosity piqued, Sherlock lowers the knife to give John his full attention, but his partner turns away, fussing with the box of photographs and putting it beneath his bed one-handed.
With her entire perspective of their night shifting, John felt her own smile grow and her heartrate quicken with excitement. “So, why are we here then?”
“If you’re trying to blend in,” John explained, but Sherlock only shrugged, her lower lip caressing her glass as she took a sip.
“Some. Despite my considerable doubt in the abilities of the average London police officer, this case doesn’t strike me as worthy of my skills,” Sherlock drawls.
“Right, well, a few weeks ago –”
“Neither of us are exactly easy to live with,” Sherlock points out.
He is being hunted.
“I’ll try texting him,” Sherlock says, turning, hunched over his mobile, and striding towards the building. “Come on, if he’s got her in there, there’s no time to waste.”
With a curse, John pulls out. “Hands and knees,” he orders into Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock scrambles to obey, throwing his head back as John mounts him and roughly pushes back into him with a hiss.
“I know you were bored at that conference,” Sherlock said breathlessly, eyes wide and blue and smudged with mascara. “Wanted to re-introduce some excitement into your life. Give you a proper welcome home.”
“You bugged our phones?” John asks in disbelief.
“During this time of the month, John seems to lose track of his sense of self. He becomes irritable, he isolates himself…”
He retreats upstairs immediately, terrified of the thoughts and images flashing in the back of his head. He paces for several minutes before the comforting smells of his room take the edge off the anger: no Sherlock, no acid, no cleaning chemicals, no mould. Just dust and paper and wood. Sitting on the floor, he closes his eyes and breathes, inhaling through his nose, holding his breath, and exhaling through his mouth. He’s never put much stock in meditation or breathing exercises, but it gives him something to focus on as he attempts to lower his heartrate.
It’s evening when Sherlock has a breakthrough. John can hear his gasp of epiphany and the sudden cessation of five-hundred-quid shoes slapping the floor. Seconds later Sherlock is bounding up the stairs.
John frowns and looks down at the cuff. He releases his grip. “The wolf doesn’t want anything but death.”
Well, Sherlock has never been one to shy away from doing the unexpected.
Releasing him, John lets Sherlock stand and turn to face him. “I’m not smug,” he says honestly, calm under the sharp eyes darting over his expression. “You wear that bloody scarf all the time and I’ve seen you restrained by it.”
“What of the killer?” he demands, ducking under a dangling tree branch and holding it aside for John.
Sherlock wraps one arm around his waist and grips his hair with his other hand. He waits, looking for something, any sign of life. In that moment, he would do anything to see those eyes flash open and red. “Fuck.” There’s nothing, no movement. “Please, John.” He feels ill. His vision blurs.
“I assist the police with their investigations.”
“Excuse me?”
“Well, it’s a bit odd, but you like the odd ones, don’t you Mr. Holmes?” Mr. Wilson begins. “I have very red hair.”
“No, no, goddammit, John.” Sherlock feels at John’s neck with his blood-stained fingers, pulls open an eyelid, strokes his perfect chest. No trace of the stab wound remains.
Half-empty glass in one hand, John let Sherlock pull her onto the dance floor by the other, weaving them a shallow two-people-deep into the crowd.
Sherlock moaned, voice half breath. The hand in her hair clenched. The muscles around John’s finger clenched harder.
John wanted more. She alternated between darting licks and slow, deliberate circles, winding Sherlock up until her thighs trembled, then gently pressed a finger against her wet opening. Just barely nudging inside, she flicked her tongue again and Sherlock swore and throbbed, dripping onto John’s finger. John gasped, shivered, and pressed in further, gently spreading apart the smooth, tensing rings of muscle. Instantly Sherlock bore down, impaling herself and pressing against John’s fluttering tongue. With her free hand John gripped Sherlock’s arse hard, encouraging her thrusting as she began licking her with intent: strong, rhythmic swipes of her tongue against that sensitive, swollen bundle of nerves.
“I wouldn’t object.” Sherlock grabs the jumper without looking and stuffs it over John’s head, smirking at the resulting squawk. “But any unsuspecting hikers might get the wrong idea.”
“Don’t tell him I said that. Look, from what you just showed me, looks like John’s about to go through an unpleasant night soon, I’d say a little grumpiness is warranted – don’t take it personally.”
He nods, but his expression hasn’t changed and Sherlock sips his own tea, trying to decipher John’s thoughts. For once, Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t understand why John should feel guilty over harming a fleeing suspect but not for killing Jefferson Hope.
“We’re going to a pub?” John had toed off her shoes while pulling her jumper over her head. “What for?” When she emerged from the wool, she found Sherlock looming over her.
“You could call your therapist – that is what she’s paid for, after all.”
“You want it to smell like me?” John repeats skeptically.
he thinks.
The night is cold and Sherlock lost his coat. He’s shivering. He can’t get to the safehouse. There’s really no choice. He lowers himself to the ground at the wolf’s side, burrowing into the warm fur. Curled in a ball on his uninjured side, he stares at the blank, black eyes. Reaching out, he gently lowers its delicate eyelids.
Hands delved under her dress and pulled down her soaked knickers, just enough for Sherlock’s hand to slip inside. At the first touch of delicate fingers, John nearly cried out, biting her own arm as all her joints went weak. The hand cupped her as they shuffled forward, letting John collapse to her elbows against the wall, biting her forearm as she circled her hips desperately, mindlessly. Even that small movement was enough to ignite sparks in her vision, the friction of Sherlock’s hand and the slickness of her labia combining deliciously against her clit.
“I made tea.”
“I’m fine.”
“It would take time for such a severe wound to heal. God, you brilliant idiot,” John breathes with a strained laugh. He reaches over to the bedside table to get a bottle of water, which he cracks open and passes to Sherlock.
Swallowing hard, Sherlock backs off. John can feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he kicks and rams into the door again and again, grunting and swearing and sweating. The hinges creak and the lock groans, but the door stays solidly shut. He’s starting to form a dent on the inside surface. He should be getting tired, but as the full moon gets closer, he finds himself increasingly energized, nearly manic. He can’t stop, can’t give up, or his frenzied nerves may turn him on Sherlock instead. There’s a red haze over his vision, desperation in the back of his throat, and he has no idea how long it takes for Sherlock’s shouting to reach his ears.
“John, John,” she whispered harshly, her body tensing, her shoulders curling.
Heavy boots pound down the hallway towards them. “Police! Raise your hands or I’ll shoot!”
Under John’s appreciative gaze, a knowing smirk had tugged at the corner of Sherlock’s red-tinted lips. She slouched against the door frame, accentuating the curve of her hip under the perfectly tailored fabric. “I made dinner. Hurry up and we can eat before we go.”
Sherlock takes out his frustration on Mr. Wilson. “Honestly, no wonder you’re out of work. I can’t imagine you’ve ever written anything worth reading in your entire life.”
“I’d like to see it,” Sherlock says and stands.
“What?”
Exhaling through her mouth, John closed her eyes. “During my conference?”
Sitting cross legged against the headboard, Sherlock opens his laptop and starts a new email. Ellen Frankland gave him her email in Dartmoor, before she left for her flight to Australia, and Sherlock never got around to deleting it from his mind palace.
The room is light and airy, with a procession of targets and dummies against one wall and a clear cupboard of weapons on the other. There are rows of firearms and various knives.
Grabbing his shoulders, John pulls Sherlock into the centre of the room where they stand facing each other. Crossing his arms, Sherlock meets his gaze, eyebrow raised. ‘What’s the plan?’ that eyebrow seems to say.
“Yes, of course. This is where our emergency cash was stored. Please, come in.”
“Some of this needs stitches.”
“And the interview went well?” John asks, scribbling in his notebook.
for me –”
Above her: a barely-audible moan. Sherlock’s nails grazing her scalp. John’s lips twitched with a smile, knowing Sherlock could feel it, knowing how much Sherlock loved her mouth. She caressed and massaged and teased every petal of sensitive flesh until her chin was soaked with Sherlock’s slick, then focused her attention on the flushed, eager bud of her clit peaking out of its hood. Nose buried in Sherlock’s pubic hair, brain lighting up with the scent of her skin and clean sweat, she flicked the trembling tip of her tongue over Sherlock’s clit.
“Octopus
They had to fight their way back out of the mob of thirsty clubbers to get away from the bar, holding their full drinks aloft to avoid spilling. There were no open tables, so they leaned against the wood railing bordering the dance floor to sip their drinks, arms brushing.
After studying the scene of the latest and third victim, who bears a striking resemblance to the previous two young, dark haired, petite women, John can’t seem to get the smell of blood out of his nose. He suspects neither of them will be getting much sleep until the case is solved.
“Two evenings ago, when I got back from a performance by the London Symphony Orchestra. We were supposed to go together, but she wasn’t home, so I went without her. When she still wasn’t there when I got home, I knew something was wrong.”
At the height of melodrama, Sherlock splutters and squirms out from under his coat. “Since when?”
The shot hits the target a good two inches outside the inner ring.
John hums in agreement. “Too bad, I like that one.”
“John-things?”
What else could she do but laugh?
He doesn’t send the email. The address and subject bars remain blank as he stares at the screen, trying to deduce what John has just broken by the muffled crash through the ceiling.
Hands landing back on John’s hips, Sherlock resumed their rhythmic swaying, nudging a leg between John’s. Bowing her head, Sherlock brought her lips to John’s ear. “I told you, I like dancing.”
“This is the one. Now hurry and take it off so we can pay for it and you can put it back on.”
He doesn’t sleep. He can’t afford to miss the sunrise. Besides, his entire body aches and stings. After an hour, the lacerations in his ribs stop bleeding, though his entire shirt feels tacky. As the night progresses, the body under his arm gradually cools.
“No, not tonight,” Sherlock promised, voice intimate in John’s ear.
“You’re not.” John retrieves the first aid kit and washes his hands.
Heads up for angst.
Behind him, inside him, John shudders, hands gripping him tightly before releasing. “You’re injured.”
John resists. “I need to get the first-aid kit.”
Under his hands on his face, Lestrade peeks at him. “About what?”
John grimaces in apology. “I’m fine.”
“I need to test a theory.” Sherlock had taken her shirt and bent down for a kiss. By the time she pulled away John could feel her pulse pounding in her neck.
“Because the killer took her purse.”
Gasping into John’s mouth, Sherlock writhed under John’s possessive touches, rocking John onto her thigh with a hand at the small of her back. Breaking away from the kiss, Sherlock’s lips took John’s earlobe prisoner, lipping and nipping at the delicate flesh while slowly slipping a hand up John’s bare thigh, tucking her fingertips under the hem of her dress. Eyes closed and mouth dropping open, John panted into Sherlock’s ear, feeling hot and desperate, a throbbing ball of heat between her legs that spiked and flared like the sun.
John clears his throat, also uncomfortable but sympathetic. “Jared…”
Sherlock stares, blinks in shock. “What?”
“You sound like a fortune cookie,” Sherlock mutters and walks away.
“It’s just an idea. Everyone needs to blow off some steam every now and then – you’ve been teaching me that. It can’t be easy living with a – living with someone like me.”
The cottage is so deep in the trees that it is a bit of a trek to get back to where they left the loaner car, compliments of Mycroft. As they walk in the brisk morning air, shoulders bumping, John asks, “What’s it like?”
More deductions form, but this time Sherlock has the tact to stay silent.
“I can hardly blame him,” Sherlock said, lips pressed to her ear to be heard over the music. She was a warm, comforting presence that John eagerly leaned back against. “Especially the way you look tonight.”
With a smile, John grabs his coat, stuffs his wallet – which Sherlock does not stare at – and mobile in his pockets, and they’re on their way.
He’s right. Even as they’re standing there the bruises appear less severe than when Sherlock first saw him. It’s unsettling nonetheless – just because John heals quickly doesn’t mean he should have to suffer through unnecessary pain. Sherlock strokes a thumb over the plum-coloured skin, then takes the empty water bottle from John’s hand to throw in the rubbish bin and turns away. “Still.”
“Oh, it’s alright.” Jared turns and flashes that warm smile again. “I’m much better now and I like to share my story. It’s good to fight the stigma of mental health, right, Doctor Watson? And I work with all sorts of people every day, some struggling more so than others. Speaking of, I hate to cut this short, but I have a class in five minutes.”
Gritting his teeth, John gets off his bed, crosses the room and opens the door. Sherlock’s hair is a mess, his collar unbuttoned, eyes glinting with eagerness. He is utterly focused and looks ready to go on a suicide mission for the sake of this case. All their personal issues are secondary right now.
“Did you get any sleep – shit, you dropped your mobile?”
Mrs. Hudson frowns and crosses her arms. “Young man, you have to stop this. You’ll get nowhere by running yourself down and wearing a hole in the carpet.”
“Hardly. She’s still wearing her jewelry.”
John stands abruptly. “I’d better go get some shopping done,” he announces, grabbing his shredded coat and pulling it on over his torn and bloody jumper. “We’ve got nothing in.”
Sherlock complies gratefully, bowing his head and taking John’s face in his hands. The scent of him is electrifying, the taste of him more so, the flavour of the wolf sending thrills of fright down his spine. Stepping closer, the chains leave cold imprints on Sherlock’s chest, making him shiver and deepen the kiss. He can feel John’s breath picking up and leans even closer, rejoicing in John’s receptiveness. They’ve barely touched in two days.
Calculating eyes flick over him. “You can handle it?”
“Coding?” John repeats.
“Don’t you dare,” Sherlock breathes, beyond fury. Moonlight is creeping in around them.
It costs more than John is normally comfortable with spending on himself, but there’s really no saying no to Sherlock when he’s being insistent. He feels a bit spoiled really, but it helps that they’ve recently created a joint account to share their funds, so it’s not like Sherlock is using only his money.
The usual apprehension Sherlock feels when they descend the stairs to the cellar is not nearly as strong as usual, this time. John allows Sherlock to undress him efficiently, gooseflesh breaking out as the cool air hits his skin, then kisses him before walking into the cell. They go through the ritual of chains and manacles, weighing John down with restraining steel.
When they arrive home, John slips out of the cab and into the building, leaving Sherlock to pay the fare. By the time Sherlock reaches their sitting room, John is gone, the soft thud of his bedroom door closing echoing down the stairs. At a loss, Sherlock stands for a moment, before slowly shucking his outer layers. Obviously, he can’t leave John to ruminate too deeply, but perhaps a shower first. He takes his time in the shower, but not so long that the hot water runs out, then takes his time with his hair, brushing and drying and styling it to perfection. He takes pride in his appearance and knowing that John appreciates his hair has only encouraged his intricate styling process. Once he’s dressed, he makes tea, counting the steeping time down to the second, carefully measuring out the milk for them both and sugar for himself.
Mrs. Hudson was right – he’s not making any progress on the case the way he is. Not without stimulants stronger than caffeine and nicotine, which, while tempting, he can’t afford to take with the full moon less than twenty-four hours away. He’s not even in any shape to chase after John, who is no doubt making his way to a pub. Or perhaps he’s too upset even for that.
By the second day, one more night before the full moon, John struggles to hold the wolf in check. Sherlock is at his sharpest, his intellect a laser that burns with his focus, until all he can see are the facts of the case. His seeking eyes and hands no longer gravitate towards John, all his attention drawn to the attractive force of the mystery. He hasn’t eaten in twelve hours and hasn’t slept in over twenty-four, deaf to John’s protests. He’s a grown man, John reminds himself, capable of taking care of himself – except he’s not. He regularly neglects his health. John’s been trying to train the man to defend himself, but how can someone who forgets to eat and sleep be expected to take care of their own safety?
A pause. “Thanks, I’ll be down in a bit.”
“Get ‘im offa me!” the killer whines.
They skid into another narrow side street and the prey stumbles. An extra bolt of speed shoots through John’s muscles and the man whirls, his hand in his pocket.
Things are going well – they’re following a lead, the solution within sight – until John manages to get his head bashed in with a crowbar. He loses consciousness for about thirty seconds, during which time Sherlock convinces Lestrade not to call an ambulance. The following five minutes after John has gotten up are spent convincing him that, no, that cracking sound wasn’t John’s skull splitting open. There’s blood matted in John’s hair and trickling down his neck, which doesn’t help their cause as John insists that he’s fine, with nothing more than a cut and a mild concussion. Unavoidably, Lestrade sends them home after that, still looking dubious and bewildered.
“John,” Sherlock tries to say, but only manages a croak. He sits and stares. Under the full moon’s light, he takes in the sandy fur, the lax claws, the gaping muzzle. “John.” He reaches out then. His hands are shaking. His fingers comb through the thick fur, feeling the relaxed muscle of the werewolf’s biceps. The skin is nearly hot to the touch. “John.” His voice shakes as badly as his hands. He feels out the immense, unmoving chest, fingertips skirting around the blade, tacky with blood.
“Sir?”
many ideas.”
The reflexive denial dies on his tongue as he understands John’s meaning. He can imagine it only too easily. If Sherlock had failed and the wolf had killed him, he knows that John would likely be dead by now, dispatched either by his own hand or on Mycroft’s order. By saving his own life, he has saved John’s by extension.
With a hiccupping breath, Sherlock wipes at his eyes and face roughly, let’s John pull him up and towards the cabin. He nearly stumbles over the threshold, exhaustion and shock making him clumsy, and John kicks the door shut behind them with a bare foot before pushing Sherlock onto the bed. There is a vicious, persistent ache in Sherlock’s chest, a desperation that must be obvious on his face. He grips John’s forearms tightly, nails digging into warm skin, and pulls John onto the bed with him.
“For what?” Sherlock whispers, tracing the skin of John’s wrist.
“Nonsense, you must be hungry, you’ve been out all day. I fancy some chips from that place down the street.” He ushers a tense John back out the door with a hand on his back, but gives him space once they’re on the pavement outside, walking side by side. He watches John in his peripheral vision as the shadows in his eyes slowly fade, their brisk pace helping expend his nervous energy. They order the chips and munch on them as they walk, licking salt and grease from their fingertips. “Want to talk about it?” he asks, when the chips are gone and he has thrown the crumpled newspaper in a rubbish bin.
He doesn’t know if he should tell John what he found, if that would just prompt John to replace the pill. He doesn’t know how to tell John that without him, he doesn’t know if he could survive. He’s tempted to call his brother and scream at him.
With light bursts in front of his eyes and his heart pounding in his ears, he thinks,
“I enjoyed it,” John says, even more quietly.
The stubbornness fades away as John’s eyes flick over him, his shoulders hunching. “The fact that you’re here, that we’re both here, proves that,” he allows, stroking a thumb over a tender spot on Sherlock’s temple. He pulls away. “I’m cleaning those cuts.”
“You’re leaving
With the full moon only hours away, John is exhausted and nearly vibrating out of his skin. Sherlock returns to the flat at some point in the afternoon, but by then, John is hiding in his room and losing his sense of time as the wolf solidifies. All he knows is the call of the moon.
Relaxing into Sherlock’s arms, John took a sip, eyes catching on the man from earlier. When he saw her notice him watching, he turned away to chat up another woman.
It’s heavenly and Sherlock reaches between them to return the favour, feeling out the enticing weight of John’s arousal with his hand. “As incredible as this feels,” Sherlock pants, “I’d appreciate you returning to your earlier efforts.”
“I’m coming,” he reiterates forcefully, “with you.”
A sharp stab of pleasure and John bucked, head whipping back. She narrowly missed giving Sherlock a bloody nose as spasms started deep inside, paralyzing in their intensity.
With another teasing lick, feeling out Sherlock’s swollen folds with her tongue, she hooked her fingers under the elastic band of Sherlock’s pants and pulled them down to join her trousers. Sherlock strained against the clothing bunched at her ankles, struggling to spread her legs as wide as possible for John, thighs tense on either side of John’s head. Looking up to gage Sherlock’s interest, she found Sherlock gazing at her with eyes heavy with desire, forehead creased with desperation, and biting at a knuckle to keep quiet. The sight made John want to make her cry out, loud enough that everyone in the loo would know what John was doing to her.
“So close,” he grinds out, forehead on his arms and eyes squeezed shut, his hips twitching unconsciously as his muscles clench and his cock throbs hard. “Oh God, touch me, John, touch me.”
“Might I see the job posting?”
.” She’d come instantly, dramatically, back arching and hips twitching as she pushed her finger in deep and rubbed hard at her throbbing clit, imagining the door opening for anyone in the hall to see what she was doing. She’d nearly knocked the laptop off the bed and saved it just in time to see Sherlock’s own orgasm, her head tilting back and mouth dropping open as her chest heaved and her arm jerked with her desperate movements.
With a deep breath, his own eyes clenched shut to stop their tearing, Sherlock presses his chin to John’s head, his free hand skimming up John’s back to clasp him firmly by the back of the neck. The wolf probably doesn’t like it, but John shudders and melts against him.
When the wolf growls at him, Sherlock snarls back.
, Sherlock thinks. The photos may have made him nostalgic, but nostalgia hadn’t persuaded him to retrieve them in the first place. He had been upset after seeing Jared.
“He killed her,” John growls.
Mycroft turns his flinty gaze on Sherlock, hand tightening on the handle of his umbrella. “I was trying to protect you.”
“Alright, alright. I…think I need time to process this.”
Sherlock’s groan crackled through the laptop and John saw her hunch over, biting her lip as she stared hard at John through the screen. “Put a finger in yourself,” she begged. “I want to see your face.”
“Oh, so now you say something!”
“You do it.”
“You being away…” Sherlock hesitated and John raised her head. Sherlock blinked, looked down. “It made me realize something.”
John looks to Sherlock in surprise, about to protest, but Sherlock glares at him meaningfully. John lets out a little cough and, voice raspy, says, “Thank you, I’d really appreciate that.”
“Of bloody course,” John exclaims. “And you don’t have any signal in here?” He checks his own mobile. “Me neither.”
“It’s not good for your health, you know,” she insists. She reaches out and lays a hand on his arm. “You really must stop.”
“Where are we going?” Sherlock complains, and huffs when John simply repeats his, “You’ll see.”
John’s mobile vibrates and he looks at Greg’s response:
Blushing, self-conscious, John resisted the urge to duck her head and hunch her shoulders while they quickly washed their hands, staying close to Sherlock’s side as they walked past the other women to leave the loo.
“Sherlock,” John growls, already halfway to the stairs. “I’m not really in the mood to –”
Sherlock lets the coat drop back on its hook. “Fine, suit yourself.” He’s not willing to argue about this again. “I’ll probably be back before you. Don’t worry, I won’t wait up.”
“Seven-eighths, really. You’re only missing half of the right leg.”
They go coat shopping the next day, John grumbling half-heartedly as Sherlock drags him into various shops. He’d complain more if it weren’t for the genuine enthusiasm in Sherlock’s face as he eases each coat onto John’s shoulders, running his hands down John’s sides to check the fit, appraising John with laser focus as John turns and lifts his arms and completes seemingly random maneuvers at Sherlock’s behest. It’s a bit flattering, really, and more than a little hot to have Sherlock eyeing him up. He has to remind himself they’re in public, and that Sherlock’s lips near his neck and his hands on John’s hips as they consider the most recent candidate in the mirror is not actually foreplay.
They enter the building through the previously kicked-open side service door, John in front of Sherlock with his gun drawn. The place reeks of disinfectant and death, rusty bars with hooks running the length of the ceiling.
“Sorry,” John mutters, rubbing his forehead.
The thought must have shown on her face, because Sherlock’s eyes widened and she shivered, hips thrusting minutely under John’s hands. Eager, begging with her body. Licking her lips, John closed her eyes and bent to her task with single-minded focus, spreading Sherlock open with her tongue. The taste of her exploded through John’s mouth, making her salivate and swallow hard with want. Fingers clenching on Sherlock’s skin, John dragged her tongue from cunt to clit, smearing her wetness, adding to it with broad laps over her blood-hot folds.
“Stop worrying,” Sherlock mutters, retreating to the sink to clean the knife.
Putting her drink down on the ledge, Sherlock slipped behind John, her long, elegant fingers landing on John’s hips. “Don’t tell anyone,” she murmured conspiratorially into John’s ear, “but I love dancing.” She began to subtly rock their hips together to the beat.
“Like what?” Sherlock kneels to unlock the manacles around John’s ankles, frowning at the purple, swollen skin.
John puts up only a token protest. It’s a good idea, he allows, but who can he talk to when he’s carrying such a big secret?
Things had been well underway – John nude on the bed and fingering her clit while Sherlock watched, rapt, her shoulder twitching with the movement of her hand between her legs – when John noticed that the door to her room wasn’t latched completely shut.
With a dark look at the both of them, Mycroft turns away. “He shouldn’t have to.”
“Suit yourself,” John sighs, already retreating towards the bed. “Don’t wake me up at three in the morning.”
“Let me check your arm first.”
“Hush.”
“If you say so,” John agrees, and follows his partner down the stairs.
Shoving the pill in his pocket, he replaces the case, trades a handful of cash for the paper bag, and slams the door shut. He takes the stairs to the flat two at a time, dumping the food on the table before setting up his chemistry set. He grinds the pill into a fine powder and is finished his experiment before the food has gone cold, his suspicions confirmed.
Sherlock slips it back into his ankle sheath with an odd little twinge of pride. He’s not glad he had to use it, but he is glad that he was capable of using it. When Sherlock lowers his trouser leg and straightens, John is appraising him with an approval that lights a spark in Sherlock’s belly.
“The wolf reminds me of how close I came to losing you,” Sherlock admits reluctantly. “I hate seeing what you’ve become.”
“Might look odd,” Sherlock countered, lips brushing the shell of John’s ear and making her shiver, “if we just stand here and stare.”
“I did!” John explodes, stepping back from Sherlock’s aggressive pose rather than shoving him. “Why should I tell you not to be a prat just to make myself feel morally superior? It’s not like I’m any better – I know I can be a right prick, and becoming a werewolf, having all that internal anger and insecurity and cruelty shoved in my face by the wolf…” He’s panting, the dark shadow in the back of his head snarling, smothering his thoughts. “It’s made me realize that I’m not the good guy I’ve always thought of myself as.”
Sherlock grabbed John by the hand and cut right to the front.
“What happened?”
True to his word, Sherlock is careful to keep the edges of John’s coat spread and out of the way as they smear their combined excretions into their bellies. Their kisses grow heated as John shifts to better accommodate Sherlock between his legs and begins to massage Sherlock’s bum and thighs with intent. Sherlock breaks away with a sharp inhale when John’s searching fingers make their way along the expanse of sensitive skin from Sherlock’s anus to his balls.
The day after the full moon John can’t go into work because feels like utter shit. Not physically – physically he feels better than fine – but his brain feels like it’s waging a war against itself, twisting and snapping and drowning in sludge all at once. He hasn’t felt this odd combination of confused apathy and angry self-hatred since his discharge from the army, and it gets worse every time Sherlock flinches away from him. Since unlocking him from the cell, Sherlock has been skittish and over-solicitous, insisting on making John tea, but tensing when John strokes his fingers in thanks, letting John read the newspaper first, but unwilling to sit with him on the couch… When Sherlock swerves out of his way in the kitchen when John goes to wash his dirty mug, the trapped, drowning, angry thing in his head snaps its jaws and John nearly breaks the mug when he drops it in the sink.
“This one was barely a two. Wilson’s just an idiot.”
“Come on,” John says airily and makes his way out of the flat, relying on Sherlock’s curiosity to get him to follow. Sure enough, Sherlock’s footsteps are thumping up to meet him a moment later, the both of them emerging onto the pavement.
Sherlock’s eyes burned through the laptop screen. “The door’s not locked?”
“I’m not –”
There are still blood stains on Sherlock’s hands and dirt smudged in John’s skin, the wild scent of the full moon lingering between them. “Harder, John,” Sherlock pleads, knowing it’s what he needs, what they both need.
“I’ve always found indoor target practice calming,” Sherlock offers with a shrug.
“No, no, no,” Sherlock moans. “Don’t do this, Mycroft said…Mycroft said you could…”
“Where’s your better half?”
“Sorry,” John grinds out. When he opens his eyes, red shines through. “The wolf…”
“You’re right, but I still can’t recommend you break his arm. At least not with Lestrade on his way – late as usual!” he calls as Greg jogs up to meet them, gasping.
“Sherlock, dear,” Mrs. Hudson says gently. “Won’t you sit down for a bit and have a cuppa with me?”
The chances of them both leaving this forest alive are unthinkably slim. He tightens his grip on his knife and keeps running, his legs numb and his lungs on fire. He will only have one chance to do this.
“Oh, John.” Even tinny through the speakers Sherlock’s voice was thick and sweet as honey, skin flushed down her neck and to her chest as she watched John getting off. “Tell me how close you are.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at his tone, but his lips quirk. “Alright, off out, then.” He flies down the stairs, John careening after him, pausing only long enough to grab his wallet and gun, checking the magazine for silver bullets.
The music changed to something deep and sultry, the rhythm overpowering, guiding their bodies with intent. Sherlock was too tall to comfortably grind against John’s thigh, so John pressed her hip bone forward instead, circling her hips slowly. The hand on her thigh clenched and slipped higher. Eyelids heavy, John undid a button on Sherlock’s shirt and pressed her lips to newly exposed skin, hot and flushed under her mouth. The hand at the small of her back shifted to grab at her waist, thumb digging into the flexing muscles of her stomach. She undid another button. More skin, sweat, heat. She licked, feeling Sherlock’s pulse race under her tongue. The hand on her upper thigh slid back, fingers squeezing her bum – she hadn’t bothered to wear shorts under her dress. Sherlock shuddered against her, rubbing against her hip bone.
John nearly laughs. His gun is still in Sherlock’s coat and this little weasel has a knife. It’s practically an invitation.
“You get a lot of cops and army types, then?” John wonders.
“Aren’t you curious,” John asks, retrieving his medical bag, “what my body is capable of? I am. I want to know what my limits are, what I can expect.” He pulls out his case of scalpels. “I think seeing it will help you understand that I’m not as delicate as I used to be.” Supplies ready, John washes his hands and sits at the table, arms exposed by his t-shirt.
They’ve been building up to this for a week now, the date looming in the back of their minds. The last two days have been difficult, with John growing cagey and standoffish and Sherlock becoming uncertain and snappish. The long lead up hasn’t made them feel any more prepared.
Lowering his hands, Lestrade turns to face him more fully, eyebrows raised. “You needed to tell me John is a werewolf in order to ask for relationship advice?”
“You two were close?” Sherlock asks, watching John’s expression in the passenger window.
“What is it, John?” he bites out, not exactly the encouraging tone he was going for.
The shock and fear that jolted through her were expected – the lust was not. Sherlock had picked up on her sudden uptick in passion immediately.
“He killed them,” Sherlock hisses back. “His wife and the neighbour. I called Lestrade.”
His chest hurts. “There was a dead woman, John!”
“You alright?” he asks, pulling on a pair of nitrile gloves.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock hisses, flapping a hand as if swatting away a fly.
“I love you,” John chokes out. “And the wolf has made me realize you don’t deserve this.” He nearly runs out of the flat to get away from Sherlock’s shocked face.
Breath catching, it took a moment for John to find her voice. “Alright then.”
Once his laughter has petered out, Jared wipes tears from his eyes. “So, what have you been up to since you got back to London?”
“An hour,” Sherlock breathes.
His gun.
Sherlock spends the next few days gathering data; the more he knows, the better he can help John. However, now that Sherlock has taken up this project, John seems to return to his usual self. One lazy Sunday John wakes him with kisses along his shoulder and down his back, which leads to a session of slow sex that leaves Sherlock in a blissed-out daze all morning. They go on cases, John works a few shifts per week, they make dinner together when they get sick of takeout, they watch the occasional film while John runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, John blogs about their cases while Sherlock does experiments… It’s utterly domestic and perfect and yet Sherlock could swear there is something John is holding back, some shield he has put up between them.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but accepts another kiss, humming in surprise when John straddles him on the couch. He fists John’s jumper in his hands, tilting his head back to better meet John’s lips, all thoughts of his brother flying from his mind. It’s hours later that he manages to pick up his phone to make the call.
Hushing her again, Sherlock settled her other hand on John’s stomach, feeling the contractions of her abdominals. Between her legs, Sherlock’s hand spread her open with index and pinky, her middle and ring fingers dipping themselves into her wetness before starting to circle smoothly over her clit, and John couldn’t stop the quiet whine from slipping between her teeth. She pressed her forehead to the wall and watched her skirt rustle with Sherlock’s movements, pleasure flaring every time Sherlock’s fingers brushed over the swollen bud of her clit.
“Want me to play?” he asks, taking the instrument out of its case.
“Johnny, old man!” the newcomer booms, striding up to them with the fluidity of years of practice with the prosthetic.
Sherlock runs.
“I’ll include you, of course. What better distraction than a good mystery to sink your teeth into?”
“I agree about the tracking – that’s not on,” John says. “As for the pill…” he looks up at Sherlock, searching for something in his expression. Sherlock hardly knows what is on his face at the moment. “We don’t need it,” John decides, giving Sherlock’s hand a squeeze.
Someone in the stall next to them laughed.
Their kiss was rough and hard and Sherlock stiffened before yanking away. Eyes wide, she grabbed John’s wrist and pulled, weaving through the crowd, practically shoving people out of their way. They made their way to the women’s loo, where Sherlock pulled John inside, past the queue of impatient, intoxicated women.
“Yeah?”
The pounding of footsteps precedes the appearance of Mr. Amberley, wild-eyed and holding a rifle. “You can’t do that!” he wails and aims the weapon at John, who is closest to him.
So, John would complain more, except he’s feeling a bit soppy still, and Sherlock’s eyes light up as the next coat falls into place. Even John can feel the difference, the way the material hugs his frame, the comfortable weight of quality leather on his shoulders. It’s fitting without being restricting, and somehow makes his legs look longer and his eyes bluer. He feels himself straighten his spine automatically.
“I would be greatly impressed and surprised if you could slip out of these,” he promises, trying to reassure both John and his own quivering stomach.
“So, what are you two working on today? Anything I can help with? I’m a trainer here,” Jared says to Sherlock, as if it weren’t obvious.
Sherlock encourages John to tilt back his head and delivers a series of kisses to John’s throat. “Yes?”
John clenches his jaw and looks away.
“I do, too.” Sherlock slips his hands up, under John’s jumper, his undershirt the only barrier to John’s skin. “This jumper, however, I have no remorse for.” He keeps expecting John to abandon the tea and turn in his arms, lift his head for a kiss. John just stirs sugar into Sherlock’s tea. When that’s done, he simply stands, looking at the two steaming beverages. Sherlock steps back, giving him space. “You’re upset, why are you upset?”
They get to the cabin with plenty of time to spare two nights later, and much better prepared. John is less tense than usual thanks to muscle relaxants sent from Mycroft, and they sit at the table together as the sun sets, Sherlock unpacking a bag of fine breads and thinly-sliced meats to snack on. Despite the shadow of the wolf dark in his eyes, John smiles at him with surprised appreciation as they dig in.
“My going into the army was the only thing Dad approved of. When I enlisted, I was young enough that that was still important to me.”
“It misses you, you’ve been gone for two nights.”
“I don’t need you to solve a case,” Sherlock said slowly, gaging John’s reaction with darting glances, “but it’s not the same without you. The Work, it’s…better with you, and I don’t ever want to go back to how it was before, without you. I want –”
John clears his throat. “So, as you know, I was an army doctor –”
With a shout, John bows his head, shoulders curled in agony. Jolting to his feet, Sherlock takes a step back. He can’t see the key on the ground, doesn’t have time to search for it. When John looks up again, his mouth has far too many teeth. When he speaks, his voice is barely human.
Their first time alone they’re both nervous wrecks.
“And the door?” John asks, struggling to keep his voice steady. He types out the terse messages with shaking hands. “Our footsteps were everywhere.”
“It could have been so much worse,” John breathes, standing in front of him as he tapes gauze to Sherlock’s chest. “How did you…what…?”
Gentle, butterfly kisses ease Sherlock into wakefulness, John’s lips brushing across Sherlock’s shoulder and neck. They’re in the same position that they fell asleep in: John on his back and Sherlock draped half on top of him, his nose in John’s hair. He breathes deeply as John nuzzles into his neck, shifting his muscles to take stock of himself. His ribs ache dully but are easily ignored. The scent of his partner is sharp and intoxicating, something wild intertwined with his natural scent. John is hard against Sherlock’s hip, Sherlock equally so against John’s thigh. They wriggle a bit and their lips meet for a lazy kiss, exchanging loving greetings and wordless reassurances.
Admitting defeat, he showers and climbs into bed, hoping that John won’t come home utterly plastered.
It’s surreal, this description of Sherlock by a man whose past career had ‘brave’ in the job description. And Sherlock can’t recall the last time he’s been called ‘funny’ in any context that wasn’t mocking.
John laughs, sounding more like himself, and gently lowers them to lie down again. There’s a brief struggle as Sherlock decides to rid himself of all his clothes, and again with the sheets, but they manage to settle into a comfortable embrace in their little cocoon. With the sun rising, they drift into slumber.
. It’s two thirty and he wonders if he should follow the spirit or the letter of John’s earlier request. Granted, they’ve had several all-nighters in the past week, so it’s no wonder John was grumpy and unwilling to correct Sherlock’s faux pas. If he’s careful, Sherlock reckons he can slip into bed without waking his partner up.
“John?” Sherlock steps up behind him.
Later, when they’re watching some crap film on the telly and munching on popcorn, Sherlock says, “You’re not like your father.”
The sound that rips from John’s throat is pure desire and alpha aggression, and he bites Sherlock’s shoulder to smother the sound at the same time that he wraps a hand around Sherlock’s cock.
Her orgasm ripped through her, the moan tearing from her throat, barely muffled by the arm she shoved into her mouth. Laughing in her ear, Sherlock rubbed her through it, fingers fluttering deliciously inside her as she clenched and quivered and swallowed back her cries. Sherlock slid her fingers out and pushed back in, making John choke and drop her forehead against the wall. Tears stung the corners of her eyes as the pleasure swelled and peaked and spluttered, her hips twitching and clit throbbing under Sherlock’s clever fingers.
“You are
, he types.
“I don’t trust him not to bungle it. I’m also not one hundred percent sure I’m correct and don’t want to waste police time.”
He grabs a water bottle and shuffles down the stairs, plastering on a smile as John comes into view. The smile slips slightly when he notices the way John is shivering, the bruises that cover his body, the way he sways on his feet. “Welcome back,” he says, unlocking the cell.
“Well, I’m a writer, but times have been tough recently. Then a friend texted me about this job posting, a modeling company looking for red-headed men.”
“Better get this to forensics,” Greg says, waving the knife as he heads back the way they came. He gives a light thump to John’s back as he passes. “We’re due for drinks, eh, John? And get that arm checked.”
“Sounds like he’s PMS’ing,” Lestrade grumbles.
Sherlock huffs with frustration. “Tell who what?”
Kneeling at the woman’s side, John presses his fingers against her neck automatically, feeling and hearing the lack of a pulse. Her body is still warm.
In case it wasn't already obvious, I know next to nothing of London geography. The settings are entirely made up.
“Well,” he says again, and Sherlock grits his teeth. “Yes, four and a half weeks precisely.”
“You used to try to ‘keep me in line’, even when I lost patience or didn’t see the point.”
“Okay,” John admits breathlessly. “It does look good.”
“What a shock they’d get, finding you fucking yourself for me, completely bare and open for anyone to see –”
“I want to check your arm once you’ve woken up a bit.”
Chest tight, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand encouragingly, that pang blossoming into a warm ache. “You want what?”
“Bingo.” John stands and shoves their things in a locker. “Let’s check this place out.”
John scrubs his face with his hands and sighs in frustration. “It’s not your fault, Sherlock. If it makes you uncomfortable, you don’t need to stay here overnight with me. You just need to let me out in the morning. Like a dog.” With a snort, he turns for the door. “Come on, let’s go. I’m starving.”
They spend the next month hesitant with each other. Sherlock’s not sure what to do with the information John has given him, but they somehow feel more disconnected now than before. He still feels guilty, but with John’s insistence that it’s not Sherlock’s fault, they seem to be at an impasse. The frequency with which John isolates himself in his room increases to an average of twice a week, and Sherlock finds himself hesitating at the foot of the stairs more often than not.
“Sorry,” John sighs when they find a cab that will accept them, John leaning forward to avoid getting blood on the seats. “That was clumsy of me.”
Sherlock grunts, thinking that illustrates the situation eloquently. He swallows the pills, hoping for some small relief, and takes a sip of coffee, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
John nods, squeezing his eyes shut. Sherlock exits the cell and locks the door before settling on the settee to watch and wait. He still hates this part, hates that John has to go through torture every full moon, but this time, he brought his violin.
“John,” Sherlock begins, unlocking the cell door. “I –”
“Jillian cleans it twice a year,” Amberley says with a shrug.
The man bolts and John tears after him instinctually, barking “Move!” as he flies past Sally Donovan and the shocked onlookers. As they run through the streets, John’s vision tunnels until all he can see is his prey. He can hear Sherlock’s steps pounding behind him, but for once he’s the one fighting to keep up with John.
I hope you've enjoyed this journey as much as I have! What are your thoughts and interpretations? I'd love to know! You can also find me on
“Oh, out with it.”
“Could have fooled me,” he says to Sherlock’s offended expression. “For example, if I were to do this –” John fluidly sidesteps Sherlock and wraps an arm around his neck, pulling him backwards and off his centre of gravity in one move. Sherlock yelps a bit and stumbles back, hands automatically grasping at John’s arm. John keeps his body back and dodges Sherlock’s ineffectively waving hands, keeping Sherlock’s back awkwardly arched so that he can’t get his feet under him. He’s not exerting any pressure on Sherlock’s neck, simply holding him in this position, where John’s shorter stature is actually an advantage. “What do you do now, hm?” John asks.
Rather than follow right away, Sherlock pauses in front of a photo and gives John a significant look. Brow furrowed, John glances at the photo as Sherlock follows their host, trying to determine what is so important in a photo of Amberley holding a prize for a skeet shooting competition.
He runs through the facts of the case again, checking for any possible loose ends, but everything seems to be in order. The family was so grateful, they even gave Sherlock an expensive gold watch. A useless gift, and Sherlock told them so, since he primarily uses his mobile to tell the time. The odd occasion he wears a watch it’s a cheap brand that can withstand some rough treatment. He tried to return the watch so that they could give it to someone more appropriate – a grandparent perhaps, or the vain, businessman uncle who had made a nuisance of himself – but the family misunderstood him and became offended and he was forced to keep the watch for the sake of civility. And now the watch is sitting on the coffee table, ready to collect dust since John refused to take it and –
“Of course I remember that night,” John said roughly, taking another sip of her drink only to realize there was nothing left but ice. Sherlock took it from her and flexed her thigh against John’s mons, and John couldn’t help but gasp at the sharp throb of pleasure that shot through her. The effects of the alcohol were making themselves known; she felt relaxed and loose and just a little hazy. She did not hesitate to press into that strong thigh. She forgot what she was going to say and sighed Sherlock’s name instead.
Sherlock immediately pulls out his own battered mobile and begins texting, but he stays pressed against John’s side.
Licking her swollen lips, Sherlock’s eyes slipped sideways to glance at her. “I missed you, you know.”
They don’t sleep much the rest of the night, and when John gets up at five Sherlock doesn’t protest.
, shouts Mycroft’s voice.
Lying on the bed, Sherlock presses his palms together and brings his trembling fingertips to his lips. “Presumptuous of you to assume you can help.”
“God, look at you,” John marvels, trailing his fingertips up and down Sherlock’s blood-hot cock.
“Greg?” John bends to check the back seat of the car. “There’s no one in here.”
“Anything?” the DI asks, standing off to the side. The alley is cordoned off by police, but there’s a small crowd gawking on the street and Greg shuffles his feet, trying to block sight of the body with his own. They haven’t seen Greg in a while, and the man looks tired. John notices his wedding band is missing.
Sherlock steps into the cell, but John continues to lean against the wall, his body language uninviting. “Lestrade texted, there was a case –”
John’s ‘that was amazing’ is probably overdue, but at that moment, the man’s eyes meet his and widen.
“I’m not –”
“It just takes longer. And silver to the heart is fatal,” Sherlock reminds him.
John nods again and drops to his knees with a groan, curling into himself as it starts. Sherlock stands and positions himself, then throws himself into the music. He starts slow and low and mournful, the strings empathizing with John’s pain, then he shifts his fingers to raise the pitch, echoing John’s cries. With his violin, he screams with John, a horrific duet that he hopes John understands, that he hopes provides some measure of comfort. His face is damp when both John and the violin fall silent, the low, heavy panting of the wolf filling in the pause.
He can’t deny that, but he will not let the matter lie either. “You’ve been training me to defend myself – then let me defend myself! I’m more capable than you think.”
John’s relief at getting away from the stench of bleach is short-lived, since the pungent odour of drying paint assails his nose next. The display room is bright despite being windowless, the newly erected walls painted white. There are hand tools and painting supplies still on the floor. Head aching, John sniffles discreetly as Sherlock takes in the room, a tense expression on his face. Amberley is babbling on about which paintings he is planning to put up, gesturing with his hands where each one will go.
“Hurry up!” an obnoxious voice complained and Sherlock complied, circling her clit hard and fast, practically vibrating against her. Taught as a wire, John’s eyes rolled back. Then, suspiciously: “What are you doing in there?”
“Then why did you leave?” John shouts, a flash of red in his eyes. Sherlock freezes, breath caught in his throat and John lets out a bitter laugh. “Is it because you’re terrified of me? Don’t lie, I know you are – I can smell it. I’m terrified of myself.”
John steps up to him to accept an enthusiastic handshake. “Jared,” John greets him with a smile. “It’s good to see you. You look well.”
John’s eyes kept getting caught on her, the flickering, colourful lights emphasizing first her reddened lips, then her mascaraed eyes, then her striking cheekbones. Every time John looked, she saw something new, a fresh angle that dazzled her with Sherlock’s beauty. Pale, smoky eyes caught her looking and Sherlock smiled, a pleased, bashful little curve. John bit her lip and looked away, not wanting to distract the consulting detective.
“Don’t want to drink on an empty stomach.”
“I – what?”
They writhed together, Sherlock thrusting faster, harder now, her fingers still too light against John’s clit, arms strong around her. There was a sob in the back of John’s throat, her mouth dropping open as the pleasure flared and faded in cycles, growing stronger, her internal muscles clamping around the invading fingers.
With a long blink, Sherlock steps back, forcefully expelling his self-indulgent thoughts. This is no lovers’ game and Sherlock’s never been one to shy from the truth.
.” Sherlock glances around, but no one is close enough to overhear them. He feels incredibly awkward with the entire conversation, so his voice comes out a tad sharp when he explains, “The two topics are invariably intertwined.”
“You’d want me to discuss our relationship with an outsider,” Sherlock surmises, aghast.
John groans, his hands on Sherlock tightening. “Roll over,” he urges, shifting them to lie facing each other, Sherlock on his good side. He pulls Sherlock’s leg over his own and Sherlock delves back into a kiss, grunting in disapproval when John turns away. “Hold on,” John says, twisting to reach into the nightstand drawer. “Just let me – got it.” He turns back and kisses Sherlock enthusiastically, his now slicked fingers returning between Sherlock’s legs.
The next time he slams into the door, he stumbles as one of the hinges gives way, the door groaning loudly and bending. With renewed desperation, he shoves and pushes until there is a gap large enough to slip through, then forces his way out into the open. He’s nearly hyperventilating as Sherlock follows suit, pale and wide-eyed.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock sighs, “I should reach out to Mycroft. Unfortunately, in this area, he has contacts we need. Besides, he’s been leaving me voicemails. If I don’t call him soon, he’ll just show up at the flat uninvited again.”
“Coming to bed?” John asks around a yawn, leaning against the bedroom door frame in his pajamas.
,” John snarls, and hunches over him, planting a hand on the mattress as his flexing abdominals make contact with Sherlock’s arched back, his other hand pulling Sherlock back into each thrust. His teeth graze Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock feels a thrill of excitement that sends him perilously close to the edge.
“No, this one won’t do. Take it off.”
Silence falls again, and Sherlock frowns, drying to deduce what has put John in such a brown study. Did he feel some sort of guilt for the circumstances surrounding the loss of Jared’s limb? Had the conversation brought back unpleasant memories? Or, perhaps the mention of Jared’s family, his wife and kids, reminded John of what he can’t have – not with Sherlock. Sherlock turns away, clenching his hands in his lap.
John glares at him, eyes red from lack of sleep. “You’re sure I won’t break out?”
“I realize it must be difficult to be a lonely old widow who can’t even hold the attention of a café owner, but do you think you could kindly take your insipid nattering and
“Hey! What do you think you’re doing?” one complained as Sherlock stalked to the front, pushing John into the accessible stall just as someone was coming out.
John crawls back onto the bed and Sherlock lets John coddle him, nuzzles into his warm skin. There is quite a large expanse of skin at his disposal, since John is still naked, but he is suddenly exhausted. “I want to have sex with you, but I’m too tired.”
It starts as an itch but quickly grows to a burn and John flinches involuntarily. Immediately, Sherlock pulls away, the both of them watching as the red and welting skin slowly heals. The first cut Sherlock makes burns like acid, and John hisses as blood wells up. It’s a shallow cut, but it does not heal immediately. It stings and lingers for several minutes before finally closing.
“Sherlock?”
, Sherlock types.
As they refresh themselves at a water fountain, John mentions a weapons training room he read about online and Jared’s eyes light up.
John braces himself, fully expecting Sherlock to forget himself and burst into his room, unconcerned with the werewolf prepared to launch itself at any intruders. Fortunately, John does not have to resort to mauling him, as Sherlock comes to a standstill outside his door. By the shadows of his big feet, the man is poised with his nose nearly pressed to the door.
“Who is ‘they’?” Sherlock demands.
His arms are pulled above his head, John’s knees digging into his ribs as he tries to clamp both of Sherlock’s wrists in one hand. With a cry, Sherlock fights back with vicious desperation, squirming out of John’s grip and blocking John’s reaching arms. He manages to rip the gun from John’s waist himself and flings it away as if it burns. With a furious growl, a rough hand seizes him by the throat, twin spots of red flashing above him, and for the first time that night Sherlock feels genuine fear for his life. He freezes.
“What changed, hm?” He advances on John now, using his height to intimidate. It’s a familiar tactic, the way he takes out his frustration with the case on John. The wolf growls threateningly. “What changed, John?”
One of these ‘John-things’ involves making tea the moment they get back to the flat, the both of them flushed from the wind and the walk. John has to keep the coat on, of course, even as they sit and drink their beverages afterwards. When John complains that he’s getting hot, Sherlock herds him into the bedroom and kisses him into a languid heap, and before John realizes what’s happening, he’s completely nude except for the coat, lying against the headboard in confused lust as Sherlock strips as well.
They visit the training centre a few days before the next full moon. Sherlock needs the practice and John needs to let off some steam. Sherlock made the mistake earlier of telling John to quit his job so that he could assist with cases full-time, and received an earful about how Sherlock ‘takes John for granted’ and ‘treats John like a pet’ for his trouble. The moment when John decides to willfully misunderstand him is the moment they both ought to get out of the flat.
“John! John, just stop a moment!”
Lips pursed, John glares. “You would do the same for me.”
John broke away from the kiss to graze her lips along Sherlock’s jaw, realizing the case must not be all that important if Sherlock was letting John slip her hands under her suit jacket. With a sigh, John kissed down the long, smooth throat in front of her, greedily feeling out the curves of Sherlock’s hot skin through her satiny shirt. Her thumbs smoothed over the bones of her ribs as she tasted a prominent collarbone, Sherlock’s hands gliding up and down her hips and bum.
“Shh,” Sherlock whispered into her skin, nudging her legs apart with a foot. “Someone might hear you.”
John tucks one hand into Sherlock’s tangled mess of curls and sweeps the other down Sherlock’s back, Sherlock’s skin singing with the contact. He hums into John’s mouth in approval, nipping his bottom lip when that strong, skilled hand begins massaging his arse and upper thigh. Eyes closed, they continue kissing, relearning each other by touch, as their lips grow swollen and sensitive and their cocks increasingly eager. When John’s hand begins moving with more intent, fingers sliding between his cheeks, Sherlock breaks away from the kiss and presses their foreheads together, panting with anticipation. He nudges his leg up encouragingly, flexing his thigh against John’s impressive erection. He loves how big John is, and with his fingertips teasing his hole, Sherlock feels himself throb against John’s hip.
With a loud groan, John’s pelvis jerks to press flush to Sherlock’s bum, his hand gripping Sherlock’s hip with bruising force. He begins a subtle thrusting motion, just barely moving enough for Sherlock to feel him deep inside, Sherlock’s muscles rippling around him. Impatient, Sherlock sways his hips, taking control of the speed and depth, fucking himself on John’s thick cock.
The night is cold and Sherlock lost his coat. The safehouse is in view. Joints stiff, he stumbles to his feet, then cries out at the pain in his ribs. His shirt is slashed open and quickly becoming damp, blood leaking from three cuts along his right side. Arm tucked in against the wounds, he pushes the beast onto its back and tries to get a grip by its underarms. If he can drag it into the safehouse, he can chain it up and remove the knife. He tugs and pulls and drags, but it’s too heavy, a dead weight – Sherlock falls back to his knees and buries his face in the warm fur. It smells almost-familiar. “John, please.”
“Done what? Tackle a killer?”
Sherlock pulled back and John reached out to tuck in a stray curl. “I know that look on your face,” John accused as she followed Sherlock to the door. “You’re going to experiment this to death, aren’t you?”
“And you want to walk home why?”
On all fours, Sherlock spreads his knees and keens as John thrusts, his hands firm on Sherlock’s hips and cock surging inside of him. “Yes, yes, oh fuck,
Sherlock tries to grab his arm again but John dodges him. “If we run we can make it.”
“What the hell took you so long?” Lestrade asks as Sherlock strides up to him. “And whose car is that?”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and Wilson nods.
Eager breaths brush against Sherlock’s nape as John’s hot, slicked erection nudges at his hole, Sherlock gripping the sheets in anticipation. It takes long, sensuous moments of nudging and relaxing for John to push inside, his cock stretching Sherlock to his limit. “
Impressed eyebrows crinkle Jared’s forehead and he gives John an approving slap on the shoulder. “Funny and brave. You done good, Johnny.”
“I talk to you,” Sherlock says, bewildered.
“Lestrade!” Donovan calls.
When John returns to the flat midday the next day, Sherlock is out. He’s grateful. He spent the night with Harry, and the only reason he didn’t try to drown himself in a bottle of whiskey was that Harry had beat him to it. Saved by his sister’s alcoholism.
The sun is well in the sky by the time he calms, feeling John’s hands stroking his back and his voice murmuring soothingly into his skin. “We’re alright, we’re okay,” he’s saying. “I love you, we’re alright. Sherlock, love, can we get inside? God, you’re bleeding.”
At the first hint of sunlight, Sherlock gets up with a grimace, trying not to stretch his ripped skin. Light-headed and legs numb, he staggers to the safehouse and retrieves the key hidden in the eavestrough. Once the door is flung open, he hurries back to the wolf’s side. Holding his breath, he grabs the hilt of the knife in both hands and tugs it free, nearly gags at the wet suction sound. He lets the bloody knife fall to the ground and takes several steps back, watching and ready to bolt if the beast attacks him again. He waits as the sky shifts from black to navy to orange.
“Oh, fuck,” Sherlock gasps, the rare expletive falling from his swollen, parted lips as he adds to the mess on John’s stomach, his hips circling minutely as he rides the waves of sensation.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Greg isn’t an outsider, he’s a friend.”
John snorts and crosses his arms. “Pretty much.”
“Can I feel you?” Sherlock asks, stepping closer. “While you shoot?”
“What are you doing?” John hisses, grabbing his arm.
Wordlessly, Sherlock shows him the screen, and the text to Lestrade with a little ‘message not sent’ bubble beneath.
“Case?”
He drinks his water before responding, “Everything.” He leaves the used glass in the sink and retreats to his bedroom, closing the door behind him. See how John likes it.
John smiles up at him, gently squeezing Sherlock’s forearms. “So could you, I reckon. Pass me my jumper, would you? Unless you want me wandering the woods half starkers.”
With a shrug, John turns away again. “You’ve been great at supporting me lately, helping me find a therapist…I just think you could use someone to talk to, too.”
Bowing his head, John nods. His hands are gentle and sure as he pulls Sherlock’s skin back together, the tugging sensation adding nausea to the pain. He’s glad for it. They’re both alive.
“Sorry, almost done,” Sherlock called, and the figure on the other side of the door shifted.
“You alright?” John asks, stroking a hand down Sherlock’s arm. “You smell anxious.”
“I’m curious,” Sherlock drawls, crawling onto the bed and straddling John’s legs. It’s a Pavlovian response, the way John’s hands settle on Sherlock’s leanly muscled waist. “Which bodily fluids are the unquestionable ones?” He places one hand on John’s coat-clad shoulder and the other slips into John’s hair, his nimble fingers massaging John’s scalp.
“I should help John, but what if he doesn’t want my assistance?”
Sherlock does not stay to watch the transformation this time. He can’t. His heart is thundering and his hands shake with fear – fear! He’s afraid of John and it’s the most cowardly, despicable – he sits at the top of the stairs and presses his pathetic, shivering hands to his ears to block out John’s hatefully familiar screams.
It has always seemed to come so easy to John, the whole ‘dealing with people’ thing. He is polite, friendly, trustworthy,
. He would die for John, but he would kill the wolf.
Lestrade sighs in annoyance. “Sometimes the people who want help the least are the ones that need it the most. That’s the vaguest advice I can give you with what little you’ve told me.”
Without an observation window between them, the creature is free to track Sherlock with its eyes. Without speakers to buffer the sound, its deep growls penetrate Sherlock’s very soul. In that moment, with only metal bars between them, Sherlock is incredibly grateful for the gun in his pocket and the silver knife at his ankle.
“Of course, please. Here’s my address.”
With an exasperated sigh, Mycroft stands. “Very well.” He nods with clear reluctance. “You leave me little choice.”
“Are we done here? You have your killer, now I’d like to take John back to the flat to patch him up.”
“Anyone could walk in and see you,” Sherlock breathed, sweat glistening on the skin revealed by her unbuttoned shirt.
When they make it back to the car, John collects the shredded remains of his clothes – at least he managed to save his coat and shoes – while Sherlock searches for the car key. He eventually finds it in the grass under the car itself, thrown there during their struggle. The drive back into town is done in wordless companionship, John humming along to the radio and Sherlock throwing glances at him every so often, just happy for him to be there.
“You mean Octopus Boyfriend effect,” John counters and Sherlock steps back with a scowl.
“We make a striking image,” Sherlock agreed, breath tickling over John’s skin. John pressed her bum against Sherlock’s pelvis, encouraging their grinding rhythm. “That dress looks amazing on you.”
John nods. “It saved my life once. It was a gift.” John takes another sip, stalling. “From my father.”
They get a client two days later, and Sherlock could not be more glad. Work is the best antidote to sorrow, he’s always thought, and he has no other ideas for getting John out of this period of moroseness. Half of the problem is that he’s not sure what John is ruminating on, and the other half is that he’s certain it somehow has to do with Sherlock. In the back of his mind palace is a straining door with water trickling out the bottom, barely holding back a flood of guilt and anxiety that John will come to his senses and realize Sherlock is the reason his life is in shambles.
“Saved you from your stupidity,” Sherlock spits, hands shaking. “And myself from the sight of my partner committing suicide in front of me.”
John gives his hand a squeeze. “And if you’re on a case?”
would have occurred to him. He doubts John would have even thought to ask, especially since he obviously feels so guilty.
“Oh, god, Sherlock,” she moaned as their lips met, feeling on fire, panicky, desperate.
John chucks his notebook and pen on the desk. “I’ve got a shift actually.”
before speaking. “You’re the one that has a professional relationship with Greg. I didn’t want to say anything that would make you uncomfortable.”
“Sherlock’s been shot,” John grinds out, resisting the urge to kick in Amberley’s slobbering face.
“I love you,” John says, and Sherlock could punch him.
“Oh, God, John,” Sherlock chokes. He’s breathing as hard as John is, his ribs on fire. Then John looks up at him, blue eyes bleary, and croaks his name in amazement, and Sherlock is sobbing. He’s laughing and crying at once, doesn’t even try to restrain it, just pulls John up and crushes him to his chest. John shuffles into a more comfortable position and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s back, letting Sherlock rock them both as he gasps and gets mucus and tears in John’s hair.
“Also, I have an experiment I would like us to conduct.”
“Old slaughterhouse,” Sherlock breathes against his ear, nudging John further into the room.
Rolling his eyes, John waits until they’re seated and
The case is a nine, nearly a ten, according to Sherlock.
There’s not much to do other than to wait. Giving him space, Sherlock bolts the cell door between them and sits in the settee they’d managed to drag into the cellar last week. Normally Sherlock is the one prone to agitated pacing, but with the full moon imminent, John stalks like a jungle cat, muscles coiled tight, step graceful despite the metal weighing him down. Sherlock lets the rhythm of John’s bare feet against the floor lull him into an outward appearance of calm, periodically informing John of the time before he can ask. Occasionally, John will jerk his head and his eyes will flash red, his entire body shuddering against the chains. Sherlock asks how he’s feeling every ten minutes until John stops responding with words.
The monster watches him, saliva dripping from its maw, snarling and twisting insistently against the chains, hungry for human flesh.
John laughs. “I am not adding to the bullet holes in the wall. Mrs. Hudson would kill me.”
Shaking her head, Sherlock brought their lips together again, moving her hips in gentle circles that made John’s knees weak. “Want you here,” she mumbled, nipping along John’s jaw. Her fingers wriggled under the fabric of her thong, settling against her coccyx.
All at once, Sherlock realizes what is missing from this little sequence of events. John. John who was so helpful up to and including the conclusion of the case, but when Sherlock found himself in a social blunder at its epilogue, John stayed silent instead of smoothing the way like usual.
A breeze trickles through the alley, carrying the scent of the woman’s blood with it. John stiffens. The body is to his left but that breeze came from… He turns his head, considering the small crowd of onlookers on the street.
“A moment of clumsiness – it happens to the best of us.” He tucks the mobile in his pocket and briskly invades John’s space, putting off any further questions. He makes certain to keep his movements fluid and his head bowed, cautious of the predator just under the surface. Batting away John’s hands, he takes over the job of doing up his partner’s belt and lays his hands on John’s warm waist. He watches John’s pupils bloom. “Let’s go home. You could do with a kip.”
With a grimace, Sherlock looks away. How long will Lestrade need? Surely, with the proof on Sherlock’s mobile, it can’t take that much time for even an average mind like Lestrade’s to process and comprehend the new information.
“Conference, remember?” she’d prompted, and Sherlock’s face had shifted from confused shock to confused outrage.
Sherlock flinches violently and scrambles out of bed, heading for the loo. He’s shaking with the last of the dream’s adrenaline as he splashes water on his face, wishing desperately for a cigarette. He decides to have a quick shower and curses himself mentally as he washes brusquely, hoping John is too tired to put much stock in his reaction.
“My earlier…? Ah,” he huffs, biting his lip when Sherlock twists his hand over the head of his cock. “Oh God, your hands.” He abandons Sherlock’s cock, makes use of the bottle of lube again, and begins preparing Sherlock with no further delay, briefly massaging the muscle before sinking a finger inside.
“Oh, never mind. I need to make a quick phone call, you don’t mind do you?” he asks and sweeps out, mobile to his ear.
The drive to the forest and the walk to the safehouse are done in silence. The sun is setting as they arrive, Sherlock locking the door behind them as John heads for the cellar. By the time Sherlock joins him, John is half naked and in the process of removing his trousers. Sherlock would help him if he didn’t think John would bite his head off (possibly literally).
you’re going to eat something?”
Slowly, Sherlock follows John up the stairs into the bright cottage, sunlight streaming through the windows. “I’m sorry,” he tries. “For losing track of time.”
“You almost died last night because of him,” Mycroft hisses, looking at their linked hands in distaste. “I was informed this morning of a minor calibration error in our tracking system only to discover that there was no error – you never quite made it to your
Sherlock raises his head in interest, looking at John’s back as he spreads jam on toast. “What kind of experiment?”
“God, that’s my girl,” Sherlock whispered roughly, pressing her fingers all the way in, knuckles rubbing spreading her wide.
The stall door rattled as someone knocked. “Oi, would you hurry up, I gotta wee!”
“I’m not ashamed,” John says quietly. “I’d be more than happy to tell Greg about us. In fact, I can text him right now.” He retrieves his mobile from his pocket. Sherlock leans over to watch as he types:
Sherlock runs his eyes over everything again, taking in the thick metal cuffs around John’s ankles, chaining him to the concrete floor; matching manacles around his wrists, their ends embedded into the wall; the gleaming chains hugging his bare, vulnerable torso. John stands nude and shivering, metal clinking softly with his movements, and Sherlock can’t take his hands off of him. The sight of him, flushed and bare, wrapped in cruel metal, is equal parts delicious and revolting. If Sherlock keeps stroking him soothingly, and ignores the way John shivers and his own hands shake, he can almost pretend this is something they both want.
“We’ll need to get you a new coat,” he says, watching and feeling John’s movements as he prepares their tea.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John gasps in response, his hips kicking up automatically. Neither of them are going to last much longer.
Sherlock slams into John just as the weapon fires, the weight of him sending them both sprawling as the tang of blood bursts through the air. The wolf perks up at the scent and fury makes John’s teeth ache. He doesn’t even pause to check Sherlock, launching himself at Amberley with a snarl. The splintering of the front door and shouting of ‘Police!’ break out as John roughly disarms Amberley and pins him to the wall by the throat. The killer’s eyes bug out in alarm, face going red as his oxygen is cut off, nails clawing at John’s hand and face. Teeth bared, John snarls in his face and lifts the man off the floor.
“I have these terrible thoughts,” John rasps, throat stinging. He struggles to get out the words to make Sherlock understand. “But the wolf doesn’t put them there, it just brings them into focus. Did you know, sometimes, when you’re pissing me off or ignoring me or taking me for granted, I’ve imagined what it would be like if I cheated on you, to teach you a lesson, to see your reaction. To hurt you.”
Shaking his head, John does up his trousers. “Not what I meant.” John finishes dressing while Sherlock stands pinned to the spot. “You planning on coming out at some point?”
“And why am I using your phone?”
A howl splits the night, the tone surging and vibrating through the air. Panic rips through him and he puts on another burst of speed. He can barely think, his entire consciousness focused on pushing his body forward.
“I know you love to play dress-up, but I’m not your doll,” John grumbles as he spins with his arms out, feeling like an idiot even though no one’s paying them any attention.
She could barely stand it. She felt surrounded by Sherlock, held and touched everywhere, hot and needy. They were surrounded by strangers, an oblivious crowd with John a hidden bomb in their midst, primed to blow. All she needed was a twitch of Sherlock’s fingers to ignite the fuse. Every second of delay tightened the need inside her. “Please,” she whimpered, shivering heat between her legs.
They don’t argue, but their conversations feel stilted. At night, when neither of them can sleep, one of them will reach out to the other and their bodies will press together, imprinting their love and uncertainties into each other through fingertips and lips and tongues. The number of drafts in Sherlock’s email increases.
Flushed and breathless, John pressed against the thigh between her legs as the memory rushed to the front of her mind.
Jared nods. “This place is great for training and for physical therapy, believe it or not. Before being hired here, I came to relearn my training with Jared Junior,” he says, giving his prosthetic a wriggle. “That, and to recover my mental health which was pretty shit.”
John spots Sherlock’s belstaff as they trudge through the trees, following the snapped branches and claw gouges in bark, the remnants of the werewolf’s rampage. His mobile flickers to life with the last of its battery power, his screen full of missed calls and messages. With a sigh, he dials Lestrade and is treated to a loud scolding about going to crime scenes alone, abandoning them, telling him John is sick, and then going radio silent for hours. His hysterics are somewhat understandable, so Sherlock demurs, promises John is alright, and agrees to come in for statements.
They settle back into their lives. Sherlock buys Mrs. Hudson flowers every day for a week until she forgives him with a hug and a swat to the arm. There are cases, and shifts at the clinic, and experiments, and a few home-cooked meals. John experiments with increasing his tolerance for silver, a painful and still inconclusive process, and Sherlock finally gets his mobile fixed. There are nights spent apart when Sherlock plays his violin in frustration or mournful apology, but more nights that they spend together, sharing both verbal and physical intimacies. They talk more, or at least they both make an effort to. They discuss the option of John finding a therapist.
John sighs loudly.
“What’s what like?”
Sherlock gasped her name and combed her fingers through John’s hair, her pelvis twitching closer to John’s mouth. Someone could probably see John kneeling on the floor through the gap under the stall door. It made her squirm with indecent pleasure.
“What have you done?”
“A package,” Lestrade repeats dubiously. “What was in it?”
After grabbing some breakfast and giving their statements at the station, they come home to find Mycroft sitting in John’s chair. He stands when they come in, lips pinched as his eyes flick over them both, pausing on the slight distortion of bandages under Sherlock’s shirt. His eyes burn accusingly into John, lips going even more bloodless.
“I’m still practicing medicine,” John says, and Sherlock notes with interest the way John’s posture has changed minutely, becoming military straight. “I’ve been doing some locum work. Sherlock is a consulting detective.”
“We’re going to tell him you’re unwell, your heart condition is acting up. Hence our speedy departure.”
“No, gross,” John laughed, wriggling out of her grasp to grab for the toilet paper. They cleaned themselves up as best they could, but their flushed faces, wrecked hair and makeup, and swollen lips left little to the imagination.
John watched her disappear back into the crowd, admiring her fluidity of movement and the cut of her figure. A swell of pride ballooned in her chest – that gorgeous woman was her partner.
“I’m sorry my first instinct isn’t to just stand by and let you get shot!” Sherlock shouts back, holding his arm stiffly.
Sat in his chair, John puts down his novel and looks up in surprise. “You ready to – oh.” He scans Sherlock’s face and stands. “Case?”
Sherlock pulls him away from a waiting cab when they exit the shop. “Let’s walk home. I want that coat to smell like you as soon as possible.”
“I was only gone eight minutes,” Sherlock countered, retrieving her own unfinished first drink. She ducked down to give John a kiss and by the time she pulled away the man was gone.
, I’m coming,” Sherlock wheezed, high and strained, definitely audible over the din of other voices. Her back bowed off the wall, every muscle straining towards John. “Oh, yes, yes, fuck,
“I almost lost you last night,” Sherlock says quietly, using the intimacy of the moment to force the words out. He’s had all night to think. “It’s the second time I’ve almost lost you to the wolf.”
The strongroom is about nine square metres and mostly empty, only a few paintings and boxes leaning against the walls. It was recently cleaned, going by the stench of bleach, and John is forced to step out into the office, eyes watering.
“So, I can heal from silver, too,” John mutters. “Good to know.”
“You’ve been doing some house renovations, Mr. Amberley?” Sherlock asks and John peers at the client more closely, trying to see what Sherlock noticed. There must be a splotch of paint on his clothes somewhere.
“Well, you look less elated than you usually do when you’ve solved a case.”
“Oh, get out. I’ll solve your case.” The red-head opens his mouth, but Sherlock interrupts him. “Not another word. Text me your address and the job posting and leave.”
Satisfied with his solution of this miniature mystery, Sherlock opens his eyes and checks the time – on his
John cleans and rebandages Sherlock’s arm, ignoring Sherlock’s grumbling. The wound really is just a graze, but it could have been so much worse. He needs to get it through Sherlock’s head that he doesn’t need protecting. John should be the one to push Sherlock out of harm’s way, not the other way around.
“Oh.” Sherlock sits back and considers. “Yes, it does, doesn’t it?”
“Oh, Sherlock –
“Well, the Red-Headed League, they called themselves. And they paid quite well – fifteen pounds an hour! I thought it sounded a bit culty, and aren’t there discrimination laws against hiring people on looks? Anyway, I figured no harm in getting some easy money out of them, at least until I got back on my feet with my next novel. It went quite well, and I was paid weekly in cash, but then today when I showed up for work, there was a sign on my office door saying the company had folded, just like that! I tried emailing, but it just bounced back, and no one else in the building had any idea what I was talking about.”
Sherlock tilted her head questioningly, looking unearthly under the flashing purple lights.
“What is it?” she’d demanded fervently.
“What are you, my therapist?” John mutters and then sighs. “Sorry.”
“It’s been a while,” John agrees and looks to Sherlock, prompting Jared to turn his incessant smile on him. “Jared, this is my partner, Sherlock. Sherlock, meet Jared, a –”
“How could I not?” Sherlock retorts, chin high.
“Another drink?” Sherlock asked and John looked down in surprise to realize she had almost finished her beer. She took a last swallow and put her empty glass beside Sherlock’s half full one.
Shaking his head, Sherlock presses a kiss to John’s forehead. “Maybe later. I think I’d like to stay for now.” There’s a wrinkle between John’s eyebrows when Sherlock pulls away, tension in his frame. “Soon?”
“As much as you like to think of me as your assistant, I actually am a doctor.”
“He gave this to you when you enlisted,” Sherlock says, deductions forming faster than words. “It’s a sign of pride, he was happy for you. He was a military man himself, wasn’t he? Yes, and you were following in his footsteps. Why would you want to give it – ah.” Sherlock cuts himself off, watching John lick his lips – a tick of his when he’s uncomfortable – and clench his left fist.
Sherlock hums and traces aimless patterns on John’s skin.
“Ray?” Sherlock asks.
“It’s photoshop, or editing, or something,” Lestrade insists, wide eyes fixed on the screen.
John forgot that they were in a toilet stall, forgot the crowd of people not three feet away, forgot the unpleasant stickiness under her shoes. Heart in her throat, she twisted to press against her ridiculous, gorgeous, genius of a girlfriend, clasping her face in both hands for a passionate, heart-felt kiss.
John’s lips pinch in disappointment, though he hums in agreement. “Locking me up in a cellar every full moon. I’d say it’s definitely on the top of our ‘Most Ridiculous Things We’ve Ever Done’ list.”
. We’re the same! It’s always been a part of me, I just can’t hide it anymore! Not even from myself.”
More footsteps and Lestrade arrives on scene, bidding the first officer to lower his weapon. “Christ, what the hell is going on here?”
With his free hand, Sherlock begins inspecting the edges of the door, running his fingertips along the hinges. “This place is ancient; this door can’t be in perfect condition.”
“Of course there was! It’s always a bloody case and you drop everything else. I get it, I’ve always known where your priorities lie, but I really thought –”
“Well, as I said, I sent in my application and, to my surprise, I got a response almost immediately, asking me in for an interview that same day!”
Once they’ve given their statements and a medic has cleaned and patched up Sherlock’s arm, they’re free to go. The cab ride home is silent, John fuming and Sherlock sulking. By the time they return to the flat, Sherlock looks indignant at the silent treatment.
“Good thing you know how to stab someone in the heart now.” He says it lightly, but Sherlock still blanches and pulls away. John grips his hand. “I would die for you, Sherlock. Even if it’s by your hand. Do whatever it takes to protect yourself.”
The urge to chastise Sherlock makes John open his mouth, but he restrains himself.
“You’re lucky you’re so much more resilient now,” Sherlock grumbles, annoyed at being kicked off the case and with John for putting himself in danger again. “I swear you’ve gotten more careless, too.”
of the air being crushed out of the man’s lungs. They hit the ground hard and John feels a sharp slice of pain along his upper arm. His quarry twitches under him and he has the sudden urge to sink his teeth into the man’s neck, bite down, and tear.
Stunned, John steps back and watches as Sherlock attacks the wall with the hammer, gouging the plaster and widening the hole with the claw. It makes a terrible racket and John can hear the crash of china elsewhere in the house. Tearing at the wall viciously, Sherlock creates a gaping hole, through which the plastic-wrapped, bloody face of the deceased Mrs. Amberley appears. A hint of death trickles into John’s nostrils.
Crouched in his chair, Sherlock shakes his head. “Need to organize everything in here.” He points to his forehead.
Shaking his head, Sherlock struggles to calm his traitorous body with its messy emotions.
They ought to talk, to come to terms with what happened last night, but Sherlock is loathe to ruin this moment in their little pocket of warm sunshine, in their cottage in the middle of nowhere. John seems to be of a similar vein, saying nothing as their kisses grow more heated.
“She’s not been dead long,” John whispers and Sherlock scowls.
John pries open his eyes and has the urge to sink his teeth into Sherlock’s sex-flushed skin. His lips pull back in appreciation as Sherlock groans in bliss, his head tilting back and pelvis grinding against John as his orgasm rips through him. John quickly adjusts his grip to stroke Sherlock through it, pressing his finger deeper inside him to hear Sherlock’s voice go reedy with pleasure.
“I’ve come to realize, that if I refuse to accept the wolf, I will lose you altogether. I think…part of the reason I’ve been afraid, is that I believed the reason you were so angry was because of me – that you were angry with me.”
Jared’s attention shifts back to him, curiosity written upon his face. “Consulting detective?”
“Suspected serial killer,” Sherlock says with relish, grabbing his coat. It’s early summer, but evening is encroaching and nights are still cool.
