Cas pressed a soft kiss to his palm,  “I know. Good morning, Dean.” He said with a smile. “You’ll be late if you don’t get ready now”
As usual this is unbeta'ed so any and all mistakes and mine, and English isn't my first language.
Cas simply punched him in his arm and got up.
Before Dean can reply, Cas enters the room with Charlie and steals all the air from Dean’s lungs.
“WAKE UP, DADDY!” Ben shouts excitedly, almost kneeing Dean in the groin. Not willing to take any chances, Dean gets up quickly and carries the kid into the kitchen. As he prepares his coffee, he pours out some milk for Ben to have before breakfast.
“Yeah yeah I’m going. You keep telling that to yourself, whatever helps you sleep at night. Later bitches!”
Dean had no idea how Charlie’s mind worked. One minute she was ranting about what a shitty friend Cas had been, which he agreed upon but that wasn’t the point, and the next minute, she was choosing what clothes he would be wearing when he went to meet Cas. That girl was crazy but she had good intentions and Dean loved the ever loving fuck out of her. He was glad he had her as a friend and really appreciated her being there for him through all the shit that went down with Cas. Not that he’d tell this to her, but that didn’t mean the feeling wasn’t there.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and his fingers played with the short hair at the back of his neck, in a way that always turned him on even more. He pulled Cas up and wrapped one of Cas’ legs around his waist, still thrusting against Cas.
Do any of you have any idea how much willpower it took to not upload as soon as I finished writing that chapter? Hint: A FUCKING LOT.
A few minutes later, Cas got up and got them a cloth to clean up, tying up the condom and throwing it in the trash. After cleaning them both up, Cas got into bed with Dean and wrapped his arms around the man, who nuzzled into Cas’ neck.
But I'm back and I have a 2 month vacation so I might be able to upload fairly frequently.
Anyway, I'll leave you to it, please do tell me how you like it because I'm a sucker for anonymous online love.
With a sigh Dean went to his office to get started on some paper work, but Charlie’s words rang in his head all day long. Of course Cas didn’t have a crush on him. Did he? No, he obviously didn’t. Dammit. Now he was going to end up over analyzing everything Cas said or did. Ugh, stupid Charlie and Jess and their constant nagging over Dean hooking up with someone. Why couldn’t they just leave him alone?
The man bit down a moan into Cas’ neck and moaned out a choked ‘Dean.’ Dean then. By the time they got a cab and reached Cas’ place, Green Eyes – Dean – had managed to suck a series of marks into the skin of Cas’ neck. Ignoring the dirty look the driver gave them, Cas paid him and soon he and Dean entered his house. Dean pounced back on him even before he had closed the door and they began to undress each other in a hurry. The five steps to his room took them almost fifteen minutes because they kept getting distracted by each other.
“Your place or mine?” Cas asked when they reached the Impala.
“Let me rephrase it for you, Sammy.” Dean said, on edge. “Cas is on a hunting trip. And he hasn’t been home in a few days.”
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ cheek and reached beyond him to open the door for his date. After he shut the door for Cas, he went around the car and got in, starting the car and driving back towards the city.
*gasp* What is this that I'm seeing? I didn't take an embarrassingly long time to update? Wow, I'm proud of me.
“Dean-” Cas began, teary eyed, but Dean stopped him and opened the box he had retrieved from his pocket, revealing a gorgeous silver ring, engraved with small sapphire and emerald stones.
Dean moaned as his cock twitched in the confines of his pants. “God, turn around baby, let me see you.” he said, walking closer to Cas.
LET IT BE KNOWN THAT ANY AND ALL HOMOPHOBIC THOUGHTS AND IDEAS STATED IN THE CHAPTER AND NOT THE AUTHOR’S OWN IDEAS BECAUSE 1. THE AUTHOR IS LITERALLY READING AND WRITING GAY PORN, THERE IS NO WAY SHE IS A HOMOPHOBE, AND 2. THE AUTHOR HERSELF IS VERY VERY VERY GAY SO BEING A HOMOPHOBE IS JUST IDIOTIC. ALSO, I FIRMLY BELIEVE THAT HOMOPHOBIA IS STUPID, SO ARE ANY OTHER SUCH FORMS OF PHOBIAS AND PEOPLE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO LOVE WHO THEY LOVE AND BE WHO THEY ARE WITHOUT OTHERS MAKING THEM FEEL BAD FOR IT.
“Happy Birthday Cas!” he greeted Cas warmly and Cas wished every day was his birthday, if this how he was going to be treated on his birthday.
"Dean." The other man whispers, making Dean's stomach flutter with how the name sounds coming from his mouth. "My name is Castiel, but almost everyone calls me Cas." Dean repeats the name in his head and decides that it suits him.
Cas wondered what master plan Dean had come up with this time and who all were helping him. As long as it wasn’t Gabe who was helping him, everything would be fine. A few years ago, Dean had asked Gabe to come up with gifts for a treasure hunt that he had organized, and the gifts ended up being stuff like condoms and lube, that were hidden all throughout the town for him to find.
As he came down from his high, he heard Cas saying “So good, Dean. So beautiful.” In a soothing voice.
A few minutes later, they reached Dean’s place and Cas got out of his car, meeting Dean in front of his own car.
“I don’t have a mommy. She said she didn’t like my daddy when he said he became a bicycle.” Bicycle?
Cas smirked in reply and ground their hips together once more, bringing their erections in contact through their clothes.
“Dean. I think we need to talk about something.”
Dean couldn’t believe this. Cas wanted to date him. Cas wanted to take him out and be seen with him in public. Oh God. This was something Dean had wanted for so long, he was giddy with happiness because it was finally happening.
When Cas nodded, Dean grabbed his mobile and his keys and they left. They decided to go to The Roadhouse, because it was close and affordable, and also it had a friendly vibe. The ride to the bar was stilted with awkward conversation but by the time they got there, they had gotten comfortable with each other and were teasing and laughing.
: As much as I enjoyed last night, I really want to try some of the toys in your drawer, should you be amenable to that.
Flustered, Dean smiles at Cas, “Hey, Cas.” he says.
The next afternoon, Charlie greeted Dean with a bone crushing hug and her signature megawatt smile that instantly cheered Dean up a bit. After almost two weeks of constant sex dreams about his best friend, Dean was feeling overwhelmed, to say the least, and weird about it.
Even though it was just for a fraction of a second, Dean could have sworn Cas was looking at the small trail of hair leading into the towel, before he met his eyes with a deer in the headlights look.
By that time, Cas was fucking him with three of his fingers, and Dean was getting impatient. His arms were slightly sore, in the best way possible, and his dick was dripping pre come again. He needed to be fucked, and he needed to be fucked quickly. Somehow, between moans and gasps he managed to convey his message to Cas, who immediately pulled out and wrapped the condom on his dick. He must have slicked himself up because the next thing Dean knew was that there was a dick teasing his hole, applying some pressure but not pushing in. Dean pushed back but Cas just pulled away and clicked his tongue.
Around halfway through this impromptu speech, Cas came back from his date and Dean got distracted, missing out the last part.
Dean sat up and made a grabby motion towards the phone. Sam gave him the phone and hovered about awkwardly as Dean talked to Jess.
Dean tried to change the angle of his hips to try and get some friction against his dick, but Cas’ body was too far to trap it between them.
“Well, shit, Dean. You weren’t supposed to find out that my gayness was just a front to see you naked. Dammit now you ruined my plan. Now go. Go and win back your man. You deserve some happiness in life. And please make sure to make him beg to take you back. That’s the least he can do.” She replied with a cheeky wink.
Cas nodded, “Yeah okay Dean. That sounds amazing. I’ll be right back.”
Cas smiled and got out of the car. He walked around and opened the driver’s side of the car.
"Wait, you're gay?" She asks Dean, squishing his cheeks between her palms.
He went around his table and wrapped his arms around the father as he began to cry. They sat like that for a while, until his tears subsided and then Mr. Novak began asking other questions. How long would the treatment take? How much would it cost? When Dean stated the price, his eyes went wide.
Just like that, Dean was coming, shooting down Cas’ throat. The sight of Cas swallowing him down, greedily drinking up every drop of his come, had Dean’s dick shooting another spurt of come and twitching.
DEAN:
“You could stop being so smug, you know?” Dean murmured against Cas’ lips after a while.
He had eyes so blue that they could be oceans, a gaze so strong that it seemed like he could see into people’s souls. His jaw could be cutting through diamonds and the slight scruff he was sporting got Dean’s gears shifting. He was probably an inch or two shorter than Dean and looked to be around his mid 30s, just about the same age as Dean himself. His dark hair looked like he had been thoroughly fucked and it sent so many images to Dean’s brain.
“Yeah well he’s my best friend, if he needs something, his needs come before sex. I’d do the same for you.”
This chapter is *slightly* longer and by slightly I mean 4 pages instead of 3, to make up for the lost time. (Remind me never to make up for stuff, I might just make it worse)
Since this was the first time in a long time that Cas and Dean were spending time together, Dean decided to make it special for them both.
The remaining few days to Christmas fly by, and soon enough, Dean is being woken up at the buttcrack of dawn by a very energetic four-year-old jumping on his stomach.
Dean was close to having a full blown panic attack, trying to anticipate what would happen and trying to get himself to calm down just seemed to aggravate it more. At a loss about what to do, he dialled Charlie, she would know what to do. As he waited for her to answer the call, his eyes fell on his wardrobe and he realized he had no idea what to wear. By then he was panicking completely and he had no idea what he said to Charlie, only that 10 minutes later, she was letting herself in with the spare key she had.
Dean woke up with a start right as his alarm went off next to him. It took him a while to remember where he was and what time it was and why his alarm was going off at 6.30, instead of 6. That’s when he remembered. Asa died and Cas got him home. Date. He and Cas had a date in half an hour. Only it wasn’t a date, was it? Cas probably wasn’t even interested in him that way. Just because Cas liked dick too didn’t mean he would get into bed with anyone who had a dick.
Out of nowhere, Cas produced a bottle of lube, Dean knew better than to ask where that came from by now, and immediately thrust two lubed up fingers inside him. Dean groaned loudly as the thick fingers opened him up skillfully, brushing against his prostate every few thrusts.
"Wait!" She turns to him with wide eyes. "So, you and Cas…?"
After she had calmed a bit, she took a deep breath and said, “Sounds like someone’s got a little man crush on his best friend, Dean. No don’t try to deny it. Okay think about this, do you hate it when someone flirts with him? Do you catch yourself staring a him a lot? Because that, my friend, are two classic signs of having a crush, and believe it or not, there’s nothing wrong with crushes.”
And with that, both Jess and Charlie disappeared as quickly as they had cornered him.
Slowly, Dean began to take off his clothes, enjoying himself as Cas bit his lip, trying to figure out where he wanted to look the most- the bulge in Dean’s pants or the skin he exposed with each button that he opened on his shirt. Dean swayed his hips a bit and turned around before taking off his shirt. He looked over his shoulder to see Cas looking greedily at his ass and Dean gave it a little wiggle before turning back around.
Dean smiled and grabbed Cas’ arm to pull him up against himself.
“What? No, I’m not gay, that’s disgusting! Stop recruiting people for your cause you filth! Unlike you, I can score me some pussy whenever I want to, I don’t need to turn gay to have sex.”
“Very much so. Hi, I’m Dean.” Dean extended his hand for a handshake and damn those hands were so soft.
“Oh my God, Dean, thank you so much. You have no idea how much I needed this. I missed spending time with you Dean I am so sorry. I missed you so much I love you Dean thank you a million times over-“
After breakfast, they both took a shower – separately – because ‘No, Dean. Taking a shower together will most certainly not save water.’ So after their showers, they were ready to leave. Before heading out to their date though, Cas wanted to meet Claire, knowing as they probably won’t be meeting her afterwards, being way too busy among themselves.
A/N: HEY THERE! I’M SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO UPLOAD, MY LIFE HAS BEEN ONE SHIT STORM AFTER THE OTHER AND I HAD NEITHER THE TIME, NOR THE ENERGY TO WRITE OR UPLOAD. I HOPE Y’ALL ARE STILL FOLLOWING THE STORY. I’M SORRY IT ISN’T TOO GOOD, BUT THIS IS THE BEST I COULD MANAGE AT THE MOMENT. I HOPE THE NEXT UPDATE WILL BE BETTER.
Or maybe it was because he caught Sam necking Gabe one too many times in the kitchen. Not that Sam or Gabe know that he knows. (And he’ll need lots of brain bleach to remove that image from his mind, but it was fun to see them act straight around other people when he knew the truth and once he got over the Cas problem, Dean would tease them endlessly about it.) So many reasons for Dean to choose from about why he was having the dreams. Because C’mon everyone knew Dean was as straight as they came.
Then before Dean knew, Cas was mouthing at the inseam of his jeans, right where Dean’s dick rested. The said dick gave a twitch as it came to life and Dean’s hand tightened in Cas’ hair.
Stop being paranoid, Dean. He told himself.
Shit. Dean knew what he did was pathetic, but he never thought he’d end up losing Cas over it entirely. Yet, here he was, unable to do anything as Cas told him to get out of his life.
Dean immediately takes a step back, already having anticipated the speed with which Ben stands up and shoots out of bed. After being headbutted multiple times, Dean knew better than to be within Ben’s reach when he woke up all excited and energetic.
Cas squinted his eyes and glared at Dean, possibly telling him mentally to move out of the way when Dean spoke,
He dried himself off once the threat of his orgasm faded away and his dick had begun to soften, and began to wear his clothes. He contemplated wearing the butt plug that matched his panties but decided against it. By the time Dean was fully dressed, he was half hard again, and really looking forward to bringing back someone with him. It would suck greatly if he struck out tonight.
“Oh right, sorry. One of the patients who had a chemo last week, Asa, his condition is rapidly deteriorating and I tried everything I could think of. Dean, I – I think he won’t make the night.” Jessica was clearly trying not to cry by this time. It was always tough to lose a patient, no matter what department it was, but it was even more difficult when the patient was a small child with their whole life ahead of them.
“Yeah yeah whatever.” With a playful nudge to Sam’s side and a not so subtle wink towards him and Jess, Dean left to go home.
“Sounds like a date to me. If that’s what you do on a not date, I don’t even want to know what you do on a date. Fine! Don’t give me that look. Jeez, if looks could kill. Fine. Go enjoy your not-date with your just a friend. I want the details when you get back. I don’t care how late it is. I’ll be waiting by my phone. Seeya!”
"The famous Sammy Winchester! God it's so good to see you! Dean wasn't exaggerating about your huge size was he? You're actually a moose." Charlie laughed at Sam who was confused as to what had just happened.
"It was really nice meeting you, Dean. I have to work tomorrow, but we can perhaps meet the day after to buy your son gifts?"
Finally Dean had had enough. He reached to unbutton Cas’ shirt, right as Cas reached down to unbutton Dean’s jeans. After fumbling with the fly for a while because he kept getting distracted by Dean’s neck beneath his mouth, Cas sucked on it one last time before resting their foreheads together and looked down to see what he was doing. Dean knew the exact second that Cas registered what underwear he was wearing because the sound he made was sinful, and went straight to Dean’s cock, which twitched in an attempt to get free of the satin cage it was trapped in.
Over the past few days, Castiel had been out of the house most of the time, either busy with his classes or out with Balthazar. So when Balthazar told him that he had to go out for the weekend with his family, Cas decided to spend that time with Dean. Dean figured that it had been a long time since he and Dean had spent time together and he felt guilty about ignoring him for Balthazar. But Dean didn’t blame Cas for that, God knows he ditched Cas numerous times for a date.
He wished they did remain friends, if not more, because it would hurt losing a friend like Cas, and that
Dean usually prides himself on the fact that once he starts teaching, he doesn’t easily get distracted, but less than five minutes into the class, as Dean is explaining the metaphysical aspects of Donne’s poetry to his class, his gaze lands on Castiel and his eyes pretty much drop out of his head. One of Castiel’s hands is wrapped around a bottle of water, caressing the plastic in an obscene way, twisting his hand and flicking his wrist as if it was wrapped around a dick, while his lips are wrapped around his pencil, perfect and round, as they would be wrapped around a cock. Locking eyes with Dean, Castiel opens his legs just a bit more, as if he knows what effect he has on Dean, and looks away with a wink.
Mid way, Claire claps excitedly and points at Dean and Cas, jumping in her seat. Dean looks inquiringly at Charlie who looks suspiciously innocent.
“Okay Blondie, listen up-“
“- didn’t say anything. We all know he’s your boy toy and literally everyone knows you have a permanent boner for the guy.” Charlie continued as if Jess hadn’t spoken. “Secondly, you’re telling me that you spent the night with your crush, who obviously has the hots for you too, and you guys got drunk but nothing happened? I don’t buy it, Winchester.”
Cas smiled at him and said, “Just wait.”
Taking pity on the boy, Cas introduced Charlie to Sam. "Sam. This ball of fire is called Charlie and she is totally like you, all into books and whatnot. Dean is probably right when he says that you two get off on books " he laughed while Charlie threatened to shut it if he valued the very existence of his future generations.
Cas arched his back and let out a groan. He spread his legs wider and thrust his hips into thin air, silently begging for Dean to get on with it already.
“Well Sammy, you’re one to speak. When were you going to tell me that you were boning Gabe?”
It is on one of these evenings, on a Saturday, when Dean is at Cas’ place, that they are lounging on the couch, watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S and were thinking of taking shots whenever Chandler said something sarcastic, that he gets a call from Sam. He wondered what it that Sam could possibly want was. He knew that Dean had started taking the evenings off and usually spent them at Cas’ place, and while Cas did his school stuff, Dean dealt with paper work or watched movies on Cas’ huge ass tv.
Well, of course Dean was planning something big. Dean always planed something big. From baking him homemade apple pie to taking him on a road trip, Dean never left out an opportunity to make Cas’ birthday special for him. But it wasn’t just his birthdays that Dean made special, it was all the little things that Dean probably didn’t even realize he did, that made Cas’ days special, and made him glad that Dean Winchester was such a huge part of his life. For instance, when Cas had come out to Dean as gay, Dean surprised him by taking him to a gay strip club/bar, ignoring his own discomfort, to make up for all the times that he had taken Cas to a straight one where Cas had been uncomfortable. It wasn’t a huge deal to Dean, but it had meant the world to Cas.
“Both of you have been known to ditch dates for each other-“
“Hello, my name is Dean Winchester. What’s your name?” he asked the little girl.
“I was looking for some beer but I guess you’re still too much of a health freak to have some in your fridge huh?”
Giving him next to no time to adjust, Cas pushed up Dean’s legs against his chest and almost folded him in half, and started pounding away. The angle allowed Cas to brush against Dean’s prostate at every thrust and Dean’s hole spasmed each time it happened. Cas was thrusting into him with such force that Dean had been pushed up the bed with his head almost touching the head board.
“No this is MR. Winchester. DR. Winchester was asleep, I’ll just get him for you.”
After being friends with the guy since for fucking ever, Dean never would have thought that he would get a crush on his best friend. Or that he would ever realise that he had a crush on him. Nor did he ever think he would have a gay panic attack in his early twenties. But well, apparently life had other ideas for him and all of that did happen and when it did, he didn't have his best friend to fall back on. Because his best friend was in the hospital because of him, fighting for his life.
Some time later, Dean suddenly notices that he and Cas have been holding hands and Cas is playing with his fingers, twirling them around and fiddling with them- when did that even happen- and how close their chairs were. Dean wouldn't even have to lean in too much to kiss Cas right on those full lips of his. The thought of kissing Cas gives him butterflies and he licks his lower lip before biting it lightly, trying to keep his mouth to himself. Cas notices the movement and his eyes drop to Dean's mouth, lips parting invitingly.
Gabriel was Cas’ twin brother. A total pain in Dean’s ass. Gabe was nicknamed The Trickster for a good reason. He loved playing pranks on people, most of all on Dean. And Dean had forgotten that he was also spending the holidays with them. Dean did not like Gabe, thank you very much, and would much rather spend time with only his brother than with both of their brothers. Whenever Sam and Gabe came together, they made it a point to play pranks on Dean and Cas all day long (last time Dean was removing glitter from parts he didn’t know he had until a week after they left. It was not at all funny), and tease them of being married, which was very much untrue.
Cas fake gags at Dean’s double bacon cheeseburger, while Dean makes a face at Cas’ chicken salad with extra mayo. “You know who eats mayo, Cas? Douchebags.” he teases.
“This is the best date I’ve been on – and we only just got here.”
“It’s nothing, Cas. Just that classes are about to start again and I’m overreacting about that.” Dean told him, but they both knew it was just an excuse, a stupid one at that.
“I’m sorry-“ he began but he was interrupted by Cas handing him a glass of cold water.
A few months ago...
A handful of thrusts later, Dean clenched around Cas and came harder than he had before, his come splashing up to his chest and neck. The sight caused Cas to suddenly tumble over the edge too, and he pulled out and removed his condom hastily, spilling all over Dean’s dripping cock and stomach, with a deep groan that sounded like Dean’s name.
The rest of the morning goes by too slow and too fast at the same time. Ben is too excited to go down for his afternoon nap, which puts Dean behind schedule as he decorates his place. Halfway into the decorating, Charlie comes over, and they work together, hanging up wreaths and lights, all the while Charlie teases him about being smitten by Cas.
Dean scoffed and went back inside, leaving Blondie to go back as well, and went to look for Cas to talk about the date. Just because he wasn’t the one dating Cas didn’t mean he wouldn’t be supportive of his best friend dating others. He would support Cas dating anyone even if he hated their guts for doing what Dean couldn’t.
"No you're not." Jo replies before her mind can catch up to her mouth.
Charlie, knowing Dean so well, immediately picked up on his sour mood and demanded, “What’s up? What’s wrong? Who’s ass needs kicking? Who’s social life need I destroy? Tell me the name and I’ll dig up the most embarrassing stuff about them and make sure it goes viral.”
With a sigh, he closed his drawer and went to the closet to get out his go to outfit whenever he went to a bar to pick someone up – a faded green Henley that fit him snug enough to look good, but not so tight as to be obscene, paired with a faded black jeans that hugged his ass and thighs, but left enough space for his balls to sit comfortably. He contemplated going commando but didn’t want to risk the zipper getting caught in his junk in the moment, and rather than wearing a pair of boxer briefs, he opted for a pair of jade colored satin panties. With his outfit taken care of, Dean went to the bathroom to take a shower and wash himself off, maybe even open himself up, so that less time was wasted when he found someone to hook up with.
Cas moaned at the sight of Dean and he could only imagine how debauched he probably looked, with his lips bitten red, face sweaty and flushed, and chest heaving with each breath he took. His cock rested on his stomach and Dean yearned for any sort of touch to relieve the pressure.
“DADDY!”
Of course, he couldn’t put all the blame on him either. It was Dean’s stupid idea to drunkenly confess his feelings to Cas, immediately after he found his boyfriend in bed with someone else. GOD, how could he have been so stupid! If he absolutely had to confess his feelings, he could still have chosen a better time. ANY other time would have been better than this! Dammit, Dean.
As the date progressed, they got drunker and more comfortable with public affection. When Dean beat Cas at yet another game of Pacman, Cas stuck out his bottom lip in an adorable pout and Dean leaned forward to kiss him. As Cas wrapper his arm around Dean’s waist to kiss him back, Dean heard someone cough and call them faggots.
“Dean, I can’t go with you. As much as I’d want to, my family would kill me if they ever found out I was at the ball-”
Dean looked at Cas with unbelieving eyes. “God dammit, Cas. I’ve wanted you since the first day you came to the hospital. I – I figured you wouldn’t want me, because who in their right mind would? I’ve been waiting for this for so long. I never thought I could have this. Do you – do you really want to be with me, or is this just some kind of one night thing, because I need to know what I’m getting in for. I –”
When Dean goes up to his room to get ready for the day, he sees Cas sleeping peacefully in bed, clutching Dean’s pillow so tightly to his face that it would make Dean laugh, if he didn’t know it was his fault. Dean carefully lay down beside Cas, probably making what Sam called heart eyes at his husband as he combed his fingers through the soft hair. The touch seems to wake Cas up as he nuzzled against Dean’s hand and purred like the cat he sometimes acted like.
Dean chuckled as he replied, "Hey, Charlie. Nice talking to you too. I'm doing great how about you? Yes, I'm enjoying my brother's visit. Yes, Cas' brother is here too. So what's up with you, my queen?"
Happy reading! :)
Their meal goes by faster than any meal ever has for Dean, and before either of them know it, it’s getting dark outside, and it’s time for them to head out. Dean has no idea who made the first move, but they’re
“Yes, well, I have good persuasion skills. Now, answer my questions.” Charlie looked smug as she said that.
DEAN: Thank you, Cas. I’m glad you texted me. I should be the one asking you how you’re doing. I’m sorry for what I did, and I hope that one day you can forgive me. I hope you’re doing well.
“Yes she was very kind.”
Just before he entered the kitchen, he heard Charlie and Sam talking in hushed tones and he caught his name, so he decided to listen in.
Entering his wing in the hospital, Dean goes straight to find Charlie, which he immediately regrets when he is greeted by a red haired bundle of bone crushing hugs and way too much energy for early morning.
Dean reached the restaurant almost an hour early and sat in his car for a while, tapping along to his music, until it was an acceptable time to show up. He went in and took a seat, waiting anxiously for Cas to show up. The restaurant that Cas had chosen was a bit fancier than the ones Dean was used to visiting and that just seemed to add to his anxiety. Even though there was still time for Cas to show up, Dean began to fear that he wouldn’t come. What if he changed his mind? Dean shook himself out of those thoughts as he saw Cas enter and look around for him. He stood up and waved to Cas, catching his attention. Cas smiled and came closer and Goddamn, if he didn’t look like sex on legs. He was wearing a plain blue t-shirt which was tight on him at all the right places, and those jeans were absolutely sinful. They made his ass look amazing and it took Dean all his willpower to not kiss him senseless right there and beg him to come back.
“I accidentally flashed Cas and he saw me naked and I’m sure he wants me.” Dean said it all so fast that it came out as one word.
Dean turned around and took a deep breath to calm down the boner that was forming under his towel. He went to his room and grabbed a blue T-shirt that he thought would fit Cas well. He also grabbed a pair of boxers and wore them, it was way more comfortable than the towel.
“You don’t get to touch, Dean.” And without any warning, produced a blue tie out of nowhere and used it to tie Dean’s hands to the head board. He pulled Dean to the center of the bed, leaving him on his knees, with his extended in front of him, tied.
Cas lifted Dean’s knee and hooked it over his shoulder as he began to gain speed. The new angle made Cas slip in even deeper and caused him to groan above Dean. It was almost too much. Dean had no idea why he hadn’t tried this before but there was no going back. The gays knew what they were doing – that’s for sure. Dean was already so close when Cas wrapped his hand around his dick, and it took him only a couple of jerks before he arched off the bed, coming harder than he had ever before. Cas came only a handful of moments later with a cry of ‘Dean!’ on his lips.
Dean cut off Charlie’s teasing rant and said,
“Okay, Dean. I wanted to apologize for how I reacted. I – I’ve had a crush on you since a long fucking time and I was happy believing that it wasn’t ever going to be reciprocated. Sure, it hurt, but there was nothing I could do about it. Then I met Balthazar and I thought that I could finally get over you. Fucked up as that it, the idea of getting over you scared me a bit. For so many years, everything had been changing, the only constant in my life was my crush on you. Taking that away from me scared the living hell out of me. But at the same time I was glad, you know? Having an unrequited crush on my very straight best friend was torture and I was glad that I would finally get over it. I could see myself falling for Balthazar, I could see myself happy. But then my birthday happened. I literally walked in on my boyfriend cheating on me. I was so pissed, Dean. Not at him, but at myself. I hated myself so much for giving myself false hopes. At least with you, I knew that there was no future. But with Balthazar, I had hopes that it would lead somewhere, that it would be a long term thing. And I knew you hated him, but I was hoping that for me, you’d put aside your differences and at least pretend to like him. But obviously I was too blind to see that you were right to hate him. But even after all that, I couldn’t bring myself to hate him. He was the one in a dead end relationship with someone who was in love with his best friend. I mean, could you really even blame him? I know I couldn’t. That night when you came to me to tell me how you felt, I was at my last bit of patience. I couldn’t believe it that I had been so stupid as to think that I actually had a future with Balthazar and then you came and told me that my unrequited crush hadn’t been unrequited and I realized that I had made a fool of myself for nothing. I felt so foolish at that moment. I didn’t know what to do but I knew that if I spent even a second more in your presence I would do something stupid like kiss you, consequences be damned. But I didn’t want our first kiss to be like that. I wanted our first kiss to actually mean something, I wanted it to be more than just a drunken thing that happened right after I found my boyfriend cheating on me. So I ran. I ran because I didn’t know what else to do. That probably wasn’t a good move on my behalf because the last thing I remember thinking before the car hit me was that I never told you I loved you. I was so sure I was going to die, and I regretted never kissing you and telling you that you are loved. But at the same time I was so pissed. At myself, for all the false hopes I had; at you for confessing your feelings when I was feeling shitty. You couldn’t have known how I was feeling right then, because I never said anything, but that didn’t stop me from being pissed at you too. I – when you came to visit me at the hospital, I let my anger come in the way of our friendship. It hurt me so much to see you turn around and leave; it was only my anger that held me back from calling out to you. I knew I should have explained to you what I was feeling, instead of letting you think it was your fault, but how could I explain to you how I was feeling when I myself didn’t know what I was feeling? All I knew was that I was upset and you somehow came into it, so I lashed out on you. The weeks after the accident I was recovering not just physically, but also mentally. There were times I wished I was dead, because I had been such a shitty friend to you, and because of all the emotions that I had been feeling but couldn’t out a name on. Gabe – he found me one day, bleeding out in the bathroom, because it was getting too much. He had me admitted and forced me to get treatment. It helped a bit. I was starting to figure out what I had been feeling, and my therapist really helped me get through that shit storm. Gabe and Sam would tell me when you called, wanting to talk to me. I wanted to talk to you, to explain to you what happened and why I did what I did. But I didn’t want to talk to you before I was sure about my feelings – about why I reacted that way. I know that is no excuse, I had no right to treat you that way, I should have been a better friend to you. I know how scary coming out of the closet is, but when you did that, I slapped it in your face and told you to leave me alone without explaining why. There is nothing I can do that would make it better and I would take it all back if I could. I wanted to talk to you earlier, but by the time I figured myself out, it had been too long for an apology, and I didn’t know what to do. I spent the entirety of your birthday drunk, wishing I could celebrate it with you, but it was my own fault that I wasn’t there with you, for you. I’m pretty sure I passed out a few times because of drinking too much, and by the time I came to, it was almost over. All I could do was text you and hope you could forgive me. I know just saying this means nothing, Dean, but I sincerely am sorry. I love you, and I hope that one day, you can give me another chance to be your friend.”
– please!” Dean begged. Cas took mercy on the man and pushed his finger into his hole. Dean immediately pushed back for more and fucked himself onto Cas’ finger, moaning loudly when Cas twisted his finger to brush against Dean’s prostate.
They decided to have lunch at a restaurant a few blocks from Dean’s house, in a few days’ time. That night, Dean slept with a smile on his face, without a bottle of Whiskey, for the first time in a long time.
“Hey Sammy, have a nice flight?”
“If you’re sure it won’t be an imposition, I’d love to come over to spend the day with you. I’d be honored to meet the young man who I helped buy gifts for.”
"You know, I thought I was the only one who saw that but thank God I'm not delusional that way."
“Do you trust me, Dean?”
Cas was in his room getting ready for bed and humming some song Dean had never hears about. Wow that was new. If Cas was humming around, this guy must really mean something to Cas, which made it worse for Dean because he would never be that guy for Cas.
“Merry Christmas, my love.” Cas replies with a smile, kissing him deeper than Dean had, in return.
“Ten!?” he sputtered. “Damn. I only have one younger brother and I’m fed up of him being a constant pain in the ass. I can’t imagine having so many siblings.”
“Sam?” she said softly.
Finally, it was Dean who came first with a loud, sharp shout- “CAS!”
One of Castiel’s arms came up to cup Dean’s neck while the other gripped his shoulder tightly. A groan escaped Dean’s mouth as Castiel nibbled on his lip and sucked on it, allowing Castiel’s tongue to enter his mouth.
Dean grinned at him and asked, “Where’s the lube and condoms?”
By the time the four went to bed, Dean was actually wondering if he was sexually attracted to food. Damn his stupid brother. It was all his fault. Of course he wasn’t into food what the fuck even? And although Dean loved his brother more than anything, he couldn’t wait for him to go back, because Cas would never have teased him like that unless he was with Sam and Gabe.
No sooner had Cas shut the door behind them, Dean flipped him around and pressed him against the wood. His hands reached down and make quick work of Cas’ jeans, pushing them down to his knees. Dean moaned in relief as he brushed their dicks together and thrust against Cas.
Throughout the rest of the call, Dean was hyper aware of how close Cas’ face was to his and how he could feel Cas’ breath on his face when he spoke. Dean could see every shade of blue in Cas’ eyes and noticed every small detail about him. He saw the crinkles around Cas’ eyes when he laughed and the scrunch of his brow when he frowned. Most of all, he noticed how absolutely kissable Cas’ lips were and wanted nothing more than to cover the distance between them and kiss Cas. And it scared the life out of him knowing how much he wanted his best friend. Until now, nothing had scared Dean Winchester more than his feelings for his best friend did.
In the five years that he had kissed Cas, they had spent only a handful of nights alone, and even ten, Cas almost never left their bed before Dean woke up. He loved to watch Dean sleep, and no matter how much Dean complains about it being creepy, they both knew he (not so) secretly loves it.
“Of course Dean. I love you too.”
“You heard the girl, Cas. Now we HAVE to kiss to avoid the bad luck.” Dean says with a small smirk.
It had been over a week since Dean had overheard Charlie talking to his brother about his apparent crush on Cas and ever since then, he had woken each night to soiled underwear. Each night he would have these vivid wet dreams about his gay best friend, thanks to his other gay best friend. Stupid gay friends and their big mouths. And big cocks, his traitor brain supplied, if his dreams and Cas’ morning wood was anything to go by. Dammit.
“I have a guest room for a reason, Dean. It is so that people don’t have to be subjected to the torture of having to wake up after spending a night on the couch. Not to mention, you have to be at the hospital in the morning and I won’t be responsible for what you do there if you have a bad night. Now, come on, go to sleep. We leave early tomorrow. First we have to pick up Claire from her mother’s place, then we have to go to the hospital, I wanted to discuss Claire with you. And then I also have to go to work you know. I don’t want to be late because of my daughter’s doctor’s tardiness.” Cas mock scolded Dean as he went about taking out the covers for Dean.
“You want this, Dean?” Cas grinds hard, teasing him with what’s to come. “You want my cock filling you up?” Cas asks, roughly pulling down Dean’s pants and boxers in one move, shoving his shirt up until it rests right beneath his armpits- his waistcoat no doubt wrinkled by the movement, and wrapping a hand around Dean’s dick, pumping slowly.
Before Dean could react by saying that there would be no nasty details, it’s not a date, Charlie, she had hung up. Taking a deep breath, Dean turned to his wardrobe and literally dove in, trying to find the clothes Charlie said. He put on his Jeans, but it was unbuttoned and was just wearing his shirt when the doorbell rang. Cursing, he went to open the door to let Cas in, without sparing much thought about how he looked.
Cas looked relieved at the statement and said, “I bought us unlimited tickets too.”
Dean, fuck me
By the time lunch was over and Cas arrived, Dean was so deep into paperwork that he had totally forgotten about his appointment with Cas. So when Cas knocked on his door and cleared his throat, Dean was startled. And no, he didn’t squeak like a frightened teenager. Absolutely not.
Every morning that Dean came into the hospital, he would bring with him a few boxes of donuts to give among the kids who were there and a lot of decent coffee for the parents who stayed awake all night with their children. The child oncology department was a huge, close knit family of its own that all the other doctors looked up to. It was a safe place for all the families who ever came there and Dr. Winchester made sure to make it feel like a home away from home.
Dean crossed the room and enveloped Cas into a tight hug.
“Good morning, Dean!” he spoke too loud with a grin on his face which said that he knew exactly what he was doing.
"That's not true, Dean. You do have an ass, anyway, girls don't really care about asses as long as you know how to use your dick." Jo replies, smirking at the way Sam gags at the mention of Dean's dick. Friggin' middle schoolers, Dean thinks to himself.
“Stop interrupting me, Dean. All of your exes have been insecure of you two, because all of them feel that you have feelings for Cas. Both of you are insanely jealous of anyone the other person is dating. You two constantly have eye sex. You stare at each other like no one else exists, until one of us snaps you out of it. You both smile at each other like the other person is the best thing you’ll ever see. Both of you are so in love with each other that even a blind person can see that.”
Cas cut him off with a small kiss. “If you say sorry once more, there will be consequences.” Dean grinned at the statement and wiggled his eyebrows lewdly. Cas rolled his eyes and continued speaking as if he hadn’t seen Dean’s expression. “The only person who should be saying sorry is that guy. Sure, no one passes homophobic comments about a straight couple, but that doesn’t stop me from wanting to be with a guy. From wanting to be with you. I’d take a billion homophobic comments, if it meant that I didn’t have to hide the fact that we’re on a date. I care about you, Dean, and a good for nothing douchebag won’t change that. Now, let’s not allow him to ruin our time together. I demand ice cream and you shall escort me there.” Cas said with a grin, trying to lighten the mood.
Happy reading :)
“Are you sure that’s the reason? Like, absolutely sure? 100% sure? Because I’, surprised he can tolerate you for this long, Princess. Kudos to him for that. But are you sure this isn’t a date?”
By the time Cas was ready for his date, Dean’s willpower had been stretched thin and it took him everything he had to not bend Cas right there and have his way with him.
That night when Dean was lying in bed, he replayed every memory of him and Cas, going through the details of Cas and his interactions with a fine tooth comb, that’s when he realized, maybe Cas did indeed like him more than just a friend. With the realization came a feeling of lightness, because CAS liked DEAN back, as well as a sense of heaviness because Cas was already in a relationship. It was a bittersweet feeling that didn’t leave Dean’s mind until the day of the party, when the Incident™ happened.
“It’s Christmas, daddy!” Ben exclaims loudly, as if it explains everything. Actually, now that Dean thinks of it, it does explain everything.
Dean got better at ignoring the pain as time passed but never forgets. Neither did he forgive himself for chasing Cas away. But that’s something he’d have to live with, and hope that he will get over it. He missed Cas and he hoped that Cas could get over it too.
Even before Cas mentioned where he lived, Dean was nodding enthusiastically and clearing up his table.
Dean knew Cas had heard him come in but he continued to be a tease as he prepared his food, sticking out his ass more than necessary.
By the time Dean had warned Cas, Charlie had already reached their place, having called Dean from just outside. Charlie had an extra key of her own so she just entered without knocking, scaring the living shit out of Gabe who wasn't expecting her to pop up behind him, making Gabe yelp like a teenage girl.
Humming contentedly, Dean turns onto his side and grins like a fool. Even after all this time, thinking of Cas never fails to make him feel like a lovesick teenager, and he hopes that never changes. He gives himself five minutes before getting up and pulling on a pair of sweatpants and heading downstairs.
After the not so scary horror movie, the next stop was a bakery slash coffee shop that Gabe wanted to go to. Thankfully when they got to the bakery, it wasn’t too crowded and they were able to get a table big enough for all four pf them to sit comfortably.
He was still going over it all in his head and getting worked up over it when Charlie called. And Charlie, having her special Charlie powers, knew immediately that something was wrong before he could even say Hi.
“Daddy! There’s a Missytoe!”
Mentally berating his dick, Dean slowly moved his hands down his body, imagining those were Cas’ hands instead of his own. In his mind, it was Cas’ hands that rubbed over his nipples, causing him to gasp quietly as the feeling went straight to his cock. One of Cas’ hands reached lower, teasing around his cock, down to roll his balls, while the other rubbed over his hole, not really pushing in. In his imagination, Cas dropped down to his knees and pressed gentle, teasing kisses around Dean’s hips and inner thighs. His mouth was so close to Dean’s now achingly hard dick.
“Not like this, Cas. You have to tell me what you want.” Dean said huskily, knowing that his boyfriend had a thing for dirty talk.
I hope y'all enjoy this chapter and that it's not too disappointing. I'm not really happy with the way it turned out but I also couldn't find a way to make it any better. Enjoy reading over 1k words of Cas' apology (1039 words to be exact. but who's counting? Not me.)
Charlie continued to speak in length about crushes and all but Dean had zoned out, as he thought about his friendship with Cas. He thought about every time he looked at Cas and was fascinated by his or his gummy smile. Or the way he pinched his brow when he was confused and tilted his head, or how his nose scrunched up when he tried not to laugh at something Dean said. Dean thought about every time that he felt low and Cas cheered him up, just by being there, in a way no one else could.
“I missed you.” he confessed softly, pressing closer, hiding his face deeper into Dean’s neck. “You work too much.”
Dean smiled, big brother instincts to mess with Sam kicking in.
Before Gilda or Charlie could reply, Cas came back and the conversation shifted to other topics.
“Peace out, bitch.” Charlie replied with a Spock type hand thing she always made, as Dean left with a smile on his face.
Dean’s nipples had always been very sensitive, and he could always tumble over the edge just by pinching them hard. With that in mind, Dean’s other hand started rubbing the nub between his fingers and he pinched them, wishing more than anything that it was Cas’ mouth on him, his teeth nipping and sucking at his throat, nipples, his cock, his hole, making him write in pleasure. Just the thought of having Cas’ mouth on him made Dean shiver with anticipation over something he couldn’t have.
“You can say whatever you want to say to me in front of Gem, Dean.” Sammy butt in.
“So are you gonna tell me what happened or am I supposed to guess?”
As soon as Dean put Cas down on the bed, both of them worked on getting their own clothes off, not wanting to waste even a single second more. As Cas leaned forward to kneel across the bed to retrieve the lube from their bedside drawer, Dean took the opportunity to bury his face in Cas’ ass and spear his hole with his tongue.
That’s when he realized, not only did he have a crush on his best friend, but he was in love with him.
“Sure, Dean.” Sam replied with a smile that was too innocent to mean anything good.
“I need you to fuck me, Dean. Please. Fuck me like you mean it!”
As Dean got closer the details became more vivid. Cas was lying on the ground, or rather sprawled on the ground, and was surrounded by a pool of some liquid which Dean was sure was his blood. His hair was matted to his forehead and there were gashes all over his face.
“Yeah well I hate to burst your bubble but I don’t want a piece of it.” Dean replied with a smug expression, enjoying seeing Charlie get all flustered.
“Fuck, Cas,
Dean dug his heels into the couch, his hips arching off the cushions in pleasure. He could feel himself so close to his orgasm, and at the back of his mind he knew that he was making some sort of noises, but he was too far gone to try and keep quiet. Dean had never been quiet in bed, solo or with a partner, and even now, he couldn’t keep the noises at bay if he tried.
And if all these mixed signals from his very helpful (note the sarcasm dripping from every syllable of the word) friends weren’t enough, he was receiving mixed signals from Cas too. That or maybe he was reading too much into normal things and projecting his feelings.
“Why, Dean, won’t you come with me?” he asked. “Don’t worry, I’ll protect your virtue. Don’t you trust me?”
Dean was out of his mind with worry and now here he was, on his way to Sammy’s to get some help.
When Dean goes back and tells Charlie and Ben about their extra guests, Charlie smirks at him with an evil glint in her eye, and Ben, ever the social butterfly, was excited to meet new people because ‘it’s gonna be so much fun, daddy!’ and looking at his son so excited, Dean hoped that he got along with Cas and Claire too, because what wouldn’t he give to keep them both in his life.
“No, why?”
"Blue", Dean whispers, making the man blink in confusion. "Your eyes. Blue." The man blinks again before blushing and breaking their eye contact. Before Dean can apologize for being awkward, the man looks up and smiles at him in a way that lights up his entire face.
“Dean? You scared the crap out of me.”
“I’m sorry, sweetheart” Dean whispered, unsure if Cas was awake enough to hear him but not wanting to wake the man up either.
Dean didn’t know what to expect but Cas holding his chin and tilting Dean’s face towards him was not it. Before Dean could react, Cas leaned forward and captured Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. Dean was too stunned to do anything but as Cas pulled back, Dean surged forward and kissed Cas like he was a man dying in the desert and Cas was the water he craved for so long.
Dean interrupted him by pressing their lips together in a chaste kiss that made Castiel’s mind stop working. It was a very short kiss but it was Castiel’s first. And with the Prince no less. If he had any friends to share the story with, they would never have believed him.
“Oooh good looking AND a parent? What’s wrong with him? Please don’t tell me he’s a homophobe?”
Their kiss was chaste but they both spoke a thousand words with that small gesture.
“Wow, you seem to know a lot about how gay sex works, are you sure you’re straight? I mean, obviously, unless you’re gay, how would you know what we gay people do, right?”
“Don’t move your hands, keep them right there.” He orders and in one fast motion, pushes himself in till the hilt, and starts to fuck Dean without giving him time to adjust. Dean feels his cheek rest against the cold wooden surface of the desk as he bites his bicep to muffle the sounds that are being fucked out of his mouth. One of Cas’ hands comes to rest on his hip, using that as leverage to fuck him harder, while the other pulls at his hair, sending waves of pleasure straight to his cock that is trapped between him and the table.
“I’m still pissed at you, and yes, you could have chosen a better time, but Cas has been in love with you since forever, since the dawn of time, even. But thankfully, you finally pulled your head out of your ass and fessed up, so I’m going to go easy on you. I’m going to wait for Cassie to wake up, before I decide what to do to you.”
Dean slowly took off his clothes on autopilot, as he stood hypnotized by the sight of Cas’ hand palming his balls, circling his dick, thumb swiping over the head and causing Cas to moan out loud. Dean fumbled with his belt as Cas pushed aside his panties without taking them off, and started to play with the plug nestled inside him. Even from here, Dean could see Cas’ hole fluttering around the toy, practically begging him to fill it up with his cock.
When he gets to the mall, Dean spends a few minutes gathering himself and evening out his breaths, when a knock on the window startles him. He turns to see Cas standing outside with a smirk on his face.
Dean thrust his fingers in once more as he teased Cas. “Oh but I am fucking you aren’t I? Can you feel these fingers fucking into you?” dean was going to make Cas say it today before he gave him what they both want.
By the time Dean got dressed, Cas was already out of bed, probably making him breakfast and packing his lunch. what did he do to deserve such an angel was beyond him. Dean grinned at his reflection playfully as he purposefully tied his tie wrong. It always annoyed Cas when he did that (which was on a daily basis) and Cas would then proceed to untie Dean’s tie and tie for him correctly, which always gave Dean the time to hold his husband close and make ‘heart eyes’ at him. If, more often than not, this was followed by a makeout session, it was no one’s business but their own.
Happy reading :)
“... Deanie weenie? Hello?” Gabe’s voice called out to him from the other end of the call, breaking Dean out of his trance where he was staring at Cas’ ass. Cas who was bent at the waist looking in the fridge for water, had no idea what effect his jeans was having on Dean.
“Are you trying to convince me or yourself?” Charlie asks. Charlie is his oldest friend and had volunteered to babysit Ben while Dean went out. He felt guilty about making her spend her day stuck at home with the kid, but as she reminded him, she volunteered. Now, while Ben ate his lunch, she was helping Dean select a good outfit, that was fancy enough for a date but casual enough for a non-date. Charlie had raided his entire wardrobe, rejecting all his band T-Shirts right off the bat, stating that they were too casual.
Please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, as this chapter is unbeta'ed and English is not my first language.
“Of course I trust you but where are you taking me?”
“Someone could have seen us.” Dean says as he litters Cas’ jawline with kisses.
“So, Castiel” Dean replied, stretching the syllables as he saw Cas’ eyes turn darker with lust with the use of his full name “Did your parents hate you or something? Why did they name you Castiel?”
Dean rolls over in his bed with a groan, and turns to see the other half of the bed empty. A lazy smile forces its way onto his face.
He took a deep breath to compose himself and went to introduce himself to them.
“Oh yeah, he is quite the troublemaker, and always goes against what father says. Whether it is because he is rebelling to his name, or if he’s living up to his name is debatable.”
“I’m sorry. Just give me 2 minutes, I’ll be right out. Make yourself comfortable, Cas.”
“Greetings, your Highness. I have a date and I need help deciding what clothes to wear.”
Cas opened his mouth to speak, but before he could say anything, Dean cut in.
Hmm, so apparently, I'm absolutely no good at posting stuff at a regular basis. But well, here I am with a gift. I just hope none of you want to bash in my head because I came back with absolute crap like this.
“Her mother is gonna whoop your ass young man.” Dean was cut of by Ellen Harvelle, the owner of The Roadhouse. She then pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s temple and looked at Cas.
“I’m Cast- Cas. My name is Cas” he corrected himself before he could tell his real name. the prince would most likely forget about Castiel but he didn’t want to risk anyone in his family finding out that he had been here today.
“There is a charity that collects money for the treatment of the kids so that the parents don’t have to compromise on their treatment because of the lack of money. Now I really wish it was under better circumstances, Mr. Novak, but welcome to the family. You can call me Dean, no need for formalities with us. I know this is a hard time for you but if you want, you can talk to some of the other parents here, they would help you feel better maybe. I’m really sorry I can’t say for sure but I’m really optimistic about your daughter’s case.” Dean’s smile turned sad. He hated having to tell parents about their child’s Cancer and no amount of experience would make it easy for him.
With one last look at Cas, Dean tried to memorize his face; the blue of his eyes, the cut of his jaw, the almost permanent furrow of his brow. Dean choked out a ‘Goodbye, Cas. I love you’ and turned to leave.
“Shit Dean I thought it was your husband and you didn’t invite us to the wedding! I’m so sorry!”
These days the only thing Dean did was drink and pass out because of drinking too much. Some days, Charlie would come over and drink with him, and on the other days, she would shout at him for ruining his life like his dad had. It was a low blow and instead of making Dean want to clean up his act, it made him shout back at her, telling her to leave before he ruined their friendship too. But Charlie was stubborn, she stuck with him despite what he said and always answered his calls, even at 3 in the night, when all he did was cry over losing Cas. Losing Cas was like going through a break up even though they never were together to begin with. Dean spent the days crying over losing his best friend. The hollow pain in his chest never left and Dean had no idea what to do that would make it better.
“Fuck, Cas! I’m gonna come! I – FUCK – CAS!”
! Dean could not stop the moan that fell out of his mouth. Cas’ dick was just the right size to rub against his prostate on every thrust and the pleasure left Dean raking his fingers through Cas’ skin, searching for purchase.
Dean answered the call and was greeted by a high pitched screech, that might have left him deaf for sure, if it went on for longer. Just as Dean was about to call her out on it, she stopped to breathe and said, "Guess what!" or maybe saying that she said it was an understatement. She was practically screaming in his ear.
“Uh, I, um-“ Dean stumbled upon his words while Cas looked at him helplessly.
“Are you gonna come or do I have to take care of this myself?” Cas asked, pointing towards his erection and palming himself through his clothes. Dean pushed himself off the wall and sauntered towards Cas with a smirk on his face.
“Hey, Sammy. Who’s this girl? Do I need to remind you not to talk to strangers?” Dean teases in an exaggerated tone, making Claire giggle.
Dean smiled a bit. A lot of parents asked the same question.
*gasp* What is this that I'm seeing? I didn't take an embarrassingly long time to update? Wow, I'm proud of me.
The rest of the night continued in pretty much the same manner, with Sam and Jess messing with Dean, Cas trying to feel him up and Dean cursing the fact that he had to drive Cas and him back to his place (Cas was staying the night at Dean’s place that night) because right now, he would have sold his soul to Satan for a drink. By the time the night ended, Dean was half hard in his pants and was thinking of the most unsexy things to keep the situation from escalating. He was glad he chose to wear this particular jeans because at least the jeans hid his boner.
"There you are" says the gravelly voice. "I was worried about you for a while, there."
“Fuck, Cas. You look so fucking hot like this. I could eat you out forever. But not right now, right now, I’m going to prep the fuck out of you and fold you in half as I have my way with you. I’ll have you begging for me. You’ll be begging for me to fuck you so hard that you feel it every time you sit for the next week.”
For that, of course Balthazar had the amazing idea that they should let people collect at his place while Cas had a small celebration with him, Dean, Gabe, Sam, Charlie, Meg, Kevin and Alfie. Then Balthazar would take hum to his place for a ‘private celebration’ (the thought of which made Dean very uncomfortable even though he knew there wouldn’t be time fir a private celebration until later). Despite his hatred for Balthazar, Dean had to admit that was a very good plan.
Cas’ hands were resting on Dean’s hips and he tightened his hold on Dean and kissed him a few more times before he spoke up.
“Wait Sammy what do you mean by finally I realized I’m in love with him? And what do you mean after years?”
“Yeah, um, he asked me out today. Balthazar. His name is Balthazar. And, um, please help me?” Cas looked up at him with puppy dog eyes, good enough to rival those of Sam. Who could say no to that expression? Not Dean, that’s for sure.
"Wait, SHE? Charlie is lesbian? Ooh HOT. But wait, you all knew and still let me hit on her and embarrass myself? Why? Why would you do that?" Gabe exclaimed, feigning shock.
“Yeah, umm wait let me get you one of my shirts. It a bit small on me so it should fit you perfectly.”
that enhance his chest. And if that wasn’t enough, he is wearing a blue tie that matches the color of his eyes perfectly. If not for his brother and son being in the same room as them, Dean was sure all the blood in his body would have headed towards his dick, and the party would have turned X rated very quickly.
The next morning when Dean woke up, it was to an empty, cold bed, and an unread message on his phone.
Dean and Cas had been best friends for so many years now, that Dean was running out of ideas about what to do for Cas’ birthday. Every year, for his birthday, Dean would do something special, not only because Cas deserved it, but also because Cas absolutely hated the attention, but because it was Dean, he went along with even the most outrageous ideas.
A couple of days later, Dean decided to take Cas out for dinner, along with Charlie. It had been a long time since the three of them had gone out together. Of course that led to a lot of teasing on behalf of Charlie about how she didn’t want to be third wheeling and she invited along Gilda, who she had finally gotten serious with. They decided to go out for dinner on the Friday before Cas’ birthday, which was falling on a Sunday.
“Wait, girlfriend? You and Gilda made it official? Wow congratulations!” Dean said, hugging his best friend. Even though he was jealous of her because she was in a happy relationship, he was also genuinely happy for her.
On that note, Dean stuck two fingers in his mouth, running his tongue along them, between them, getting them thoroughly wet, wishing it was Cas’ hand on him, Cas’ fingers on him, instead of his own. His fingers slipped out of his mouth and began trailing down his chest, teasing and pinching at his nipples, hard. His hand continued its downward journey, cupping his balls and teased at his hole.
They made out like that for a few minutes, or a century, Dean wasn’t sure, with both of them grinding against each other. Suddenly, the weight of Cas’ body lifted and he was turned around again. He could feel the thick line of Cas’ erection settle snugly against the crack of his ass, at the same time as he felt one of Cas’ hands dip into his jeans to palm at his cock, and the other move up under his shirt to play with Dean’s nipple. Holy fuck, Dean had never been this turned on before. He ground his ass against Cas’ crotch. Cas’ began mouthing at Dean’s neck, biting lightly, and said, “I think you better open the door and take me to your room because otherwise I won’t be responsible for what happens right here out in the open.”
Dean was aware of a warm presence behind him even before he woke up fully. He was lying in a cramped area, but warmth surrounded him and he felt comfortable. Slowly, as his brain began to function more, he realized that the smell wasn’t the same as it was in his bedroom, or anywhere else in his house, for that matter. A few more seconds later, his brain came online and he realised that he was lying on a couch – Cas’ couch to be specific – and Cas was- Cas was lying behind him- not cuddling him, because Dean Winchester did not cuddle under any circumstances. So here he was, lying on Cas’ couch, absolutely not cuddling him – and Dean was 97% sure that he could feel Cas’ dick against the bottom of his spine.
Cad took Dean’s phone and put it on speaker, keeping the phone between their faces so that they both could talk to their brothers.
“Fuck!” Cas exclaimed. “Oh Dean I need you please open me up please I need your fingers please oh fuuuuu-“ Cas cut off as Dean pushed one lube slick finger fully into Cas’ hole without warning. He thrust his finger slowly a few times until Cas was pushing back. He then continued to pump his finger into Cas slowly, just brushing lightly against the other man’s prostate lightly, teasing him with the pleasures to be.
“Gabe’s on call? Wait I want to talk to him.”
Cas grabbed onto Dean’s hips as the man fucked himself onto Cas’ cock and it was almost too much when Dean wrapped a hand around his own erection and began to jerk off. Dean was pretty much using Cas to achieve his own orgasm and it was the hottest sight Cas had ever seen. Cas let it go on for a while as he thrust his hips up into Dean, making him moan even louder.
He must have been on speaker, or Jess might have heard him because she said, “Well, it’s not exactly my fault that the right Winchester bats for the other team, now, is it? Now please park your ass on your lover boy’s couch and don’t get back until after your shift tomorrow. Seeya!” and with that she hung up the phone, leaving Dean laughing into his phone to an empty line.
By the time they got to the bedroom, Cas was moaning loudly and trying his best to thrust against Dean. Dean’s dick was resting perfectly in the crease of Cas’ ass and he was going crazy with the anticipation of what was to come.
Dean nodded enthusiastically and took out a couple of notes from his wallet that he was sure would pay for both of them and leave a hefty tip.
Happy reading :)
“Take me home, Dean.” Cas said in that gravelly voice of his, and damn if Dean was going to refuse that offer. Talking could wait, he was going to finally have sex with Cas.
“Wait back up a minute. Cas? Cas as in Cas Novak? The hot single bisexual father who totally has the hots for you? Your not a date, date is with that Cas? Whoa. This guy is a miracle worker if he convinced you not only to go home and sleep but also to go out for drinks. Also I’m pretty sure he won’t mind you in that towel, you know. You have a nice body. And that’s a compliment, coming from a lesbian. Sorry I’m rambling again. Clothes. Wear your Jeans that you hate because they don’t have any ball space. It makes your ass look great. And wear your white button down. It should be ironed, I did that myself the last time that I was over there. But leave the top buttons open and roll up the sleeves till your elbows. You’re gonna look great. Now get going, your not a date is going to pick you up any minute now. Bye! I want all the nasty details tomorrow.”
“Fuuuuuck” Dean let out between pants, and tried to get even closer to Cas. Cas in return slid his hand up inside Dean’s shirt and immediately zero’ed in on his nipple, pinching and twisting both of them in turn, causing Dean to squirm with pleasure. Dean was swiftly hurtling towards his orgasm, and if Cas continued the assault on his nipples, he wouldn’t last long. Dry humping in his sweatpants was something Dean hadn’t done since he was a teenager and that just made the entire situation a hundred times sexier.
Cas nodded and said goodbye to Blondie, followed by a peck to his lips and went inside. Dean was left having a glare war with Blondie when he said
“I really enjoyed myself, Dean.”
After putting on Balthazar’s clothes and his mask, Castiel turned to look in the dirty mirror in a corner of his room and let out a surprised gasp. He looked surprisingly good, and most of it was thanks to Balthazar. Now he just hoped that no one noticed the different hair color. When they both were ready to leave, Castiel made Balthazar promise to be back by midnight, so that they had enough time to change back into their clothes before the rest of the family returned. They both knew that if they were caught, the blame would fall solely on Castiel.
The other kid was so timid looking that it seemed that he would pass out if Dean spoke too loudly. His name was Sama- something but everyone called him Alfie.
“You too, Dean.” Cas replied with a smile.
They broke off their kiss and turned to look at Dean. Cas looked at him with an expression that clearly said how happy he was to have gone on the date, and quite frankly made Dean feel shit about not being the one to take Cas out on dates, and the Blondie glared daggers at him which Dean chose to wisely ignore.
“What? Nothing. What makes you say I did something? I just wanted to spend some time with you today because tomorrow you’ll be with your boyfriend.”
Dean clenches his jaw and takes a deep breath, before exiting his car and facing his nemesis- the extremely crowded mall.
No sooner had Dean shut the door of his car, Cas attached his lips to Dean’s neck, kissing and sucking bruise after bruise on every inch of skin that he could find. Dean moaned and wrapped one arm around Cas. It was difficult to drive using only one hand but he had better stuff to do anyway.
Also, please feel free to point out any and all mistakes, and constructive criticism is appreciated. Feel free to rant about the actions of any and all characters. It's fun to see what you guys think of my story.
“Cas of course you didn’t know I was into food too. You’d know that if you had sex with me.” Dean said with a wink. FUCK where did that come from what the fuck?
Rather than wasting precious time on trivial matters such as clothes, Dean called Charlie instead. She would know exactly what to wear. Charlie’s advice had never let him down in the past and he was sure it wasn’t going to this time either.
Around fifteen minutes later, Cas was still nursing his drink at the bar, ready to head out in a few minutes if both of them struck out when the door of the bar opened and Cas saw him. The hottest man Cas had ever laid his eyes on. He was tall, taller that Cas probably, but not by much. The man in question had blonde hair and a smattering of freckles that brought out his green eyes. Everything about him was so vibrant that Cas could almost make out all details even from a distance. The man ignored the bar and headed straight to the back of the room where there were a few pool tables that Cas had missed earlier. Intrigued and slightly turned on, Cas decided to wait a bit longer in the hopes of hooking up with the green eyed Adonis. Cas gulped his drink down in one go and ordered his next one.
“Fuck me, Cas.” He begged. “Fuck me, please.”
“What happened?”
Cas went into the building, telling Dean to wait a minute. Curiouser and curiouser, Dean thought to himself with a laugh. A minute later, Cas came out, calling Dean to join him. Dean entered the building and almost took a step back in shock. The building that looked like it would fall apart at the slightest breeze was the total opposite from the inside.
Happy reading :)
Ugh, Dean will never get over how curses sound much hotter when coming from Cas’ mouth. “Yeah, well, can’t blame a man for wanting to get fucked by his husband, who apparently looks like all his wet dreams combined.”
“Date? What? With who? Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean demanded. And no, he wasn’t jealous or anything. Not at all. He was happy for his best friend who was going on a date with a not him person. The only reason he felt upset was because he wouldn’t be able to spend time with his best friend. No other reason, at all. Nope. Nu-uh.
Constructive criticism is appreciated.
Right on cue, Cas pushed in in a single move, while pulling Dean down on his cock at the same time. Dean groaned as Cas filled him up. Cas began to slowly thrust up into Dean’s hole, giving him time to adjust. But Dean didn’t want it slow.
“No, Cas. I’m fine, I’m just tired, I’ll go to bed I think.” Dean managed and went to his room, shutting his door behind him before letting himself feel bad for not being able to date Cas. He lay in bed for a long time imagining what it would be like to date Cas, to hold him in his arms, how Cas’ lips would feel against his and how it would be to be able to tell Cas that he loved him.
Too soon, Dean pulled back, gripped Cas’ hips and flipped him over. Cas’ face was red and his cock even redder. He was panting as he looked up at Dean with blown eyes. Dean help Cas’ wrists in one hand and pinned them on the bed above Cas’ head.
“I think you’re mistaken. I know you aren’t a hooker. I meant, how about I give you $50 and I give you a blowjob.” He grinned cheekily at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows a couple of times.
By the time Dean had invited all of Cas’ very few friends, the word about the party had spread and nearly all the people in Cas’ department were coming. Everywhere Dean went, he heard people talking about what was going to be the biggest, greatest party of the year. People also knew it was a surprise for Cas so no one mentioned it in front of him. Dean didn’t know planning a surprise party with so many guests would be this easy to co-ordinate.
I hope you all enjoy this, please do let me know how you found it in the comments.
“Hey Cas!”
pair of red panties, fishnets, and six inch high black heels. Fuck. Dean felt light headed with the lack of blood going to his brain.
Dean took a deep breath and went to sit on the other end of the couch.
“What? Oh.. Nothing... Um.. I was just thinking... Nothing really.” He stammered while Charlie tried really hard to control her laughter. “I wasn’t thinking of anything, your Highn-ASS.” He teased her right back. He knew she got riled up when he did that.
“Oh. Well.. Um.. I, uh, I sort of have a date with, um, a guy from my class and I don’t have anything to wear and you have a blue shirt that really would look good on me and I was looking for it and I know you won’t mind and I wanted to borrow it-“ Cas looked really flustered about being caught like that.
“Gabriel will be here for his shift in five minutes. You could come over to my place for some clean clothes and sleep?” he asked tentatively. “I live right above the shop.”
“Happy anniversary, Cas.”
Cas turned back with a jump and looked embarrassed. “I’m sorry if I invaded your privacy, Dean. You were a very adorable kid.”
Dean’s birthday came and went without any indication. He received a few messages wishing him a happy birthday and whatnot and he replied with a generic thank you. He talked to Sam and Gabe, and Charlie dragged him out for lunch, but other than that he didn’t have the energy to do anything. He spent the day drinking his sorrows away and watching a Dr. Sexy marathon. The entire day passed with him sitting in front of the TV, watching, but not paying attention to Dr. Sexy.
“What? No. Of course we can talk about her. Here, grab a seat I’ll be with you in a minute. I just need to grab her file.”
“You have to be quiet, Dean.” Cas growls into his ear, which isn’t helping him stay quiet! “I told you to keep quiet. I suppose I’ll just have to keep your mouth busy in some other way.” with that, Cas removes his hand from Dean’s nipples, and pushes three fingers into his mouth. “Suck.” he says.
“The name is Balthazar.” Blondie replied in a quite sexy, possibly European, accent. Dammit, not only did he look good, Dean could admit that even if he hated the guy, but he also had the accent thing going on. Dean: 0, Blondie: 2.
“So? Spill. What happened last night between you and your boy toy?” Charlie demanded in a tone that clearly said that she wasn’t going to let this go.
“Wake up, kiddo. It’s time to get ready.”
“Good. Now go freshen up, change out of all these layers of clothes into a pair of boxers and a t shirt and join me at the table for food. Then we’ll eat and watch some movies, okay?”
“Mine.” Dean replied and gave Cas his address. Cas would follow Dean in his car and meet him at his house.
“I’m sorry Mr. Novak, Claire does have Cancer. She has Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia. It is generally the most common form of Leukaemia in children but the survival rate is also high, around 85%. Generally we would use radiotherapy or chemotherapy to treat the patient. You could have her admitted in the hospital to ensure 24 hour supervision by professionals or you could have her at home and bring her in as needed.” Dean had been looking at the table as he said this, not wanting to see the heartbroken look at Mr. Novak’s face but when he looked up he saw that he was trying not to cry.
Asa’s parents had been outside his room when Dean went to give them the news. His mother broke down crying while his father blamed Dean for his death. He felt that Dean hadn’t done enough to save Asa, that Dean should have tried harder. Dean knew that it was just the shock speaking but he couldn’t help feeling hurt at the words and accusations pointed at him. What if Dean really didn’t try hard enough? What if the surgery would have actually worked, despite the very young age of the patient? What if he was really at fault and he could have saved the kid?
“Not that I am not enjoying the conversation, believe me, I am, but do you want to get out of here?”
Here I am with another chapter, a bit early too! Wow Christmas must be early this year.
They both watch Ben skip out with Sam, and then Charlie announces the Winchester Christmas Bash officially started.
“Yeah laugh it off, Samantha. We’ll see who will be laughing when you wake with your hair chopped off.” Dean replied with a too innocent smile, and threw a wink towards Cas. “And Cas here will make sure I don’t ‘accidentally’ cut your hair too evenly. Can’t have that happening mow, can I?”
Cas is upset. Of course Cas is upset, this isn’t the first time Dean has had to cancel their weekly date night. And yet, even though Cas is upset, he still covered Dean with a blanket when he fell asleep working in his office. Cas is a gem and deserves much better, Dean thinks, but he’s so thankful that Cas loves him so much.
Dean heard an audible gasp on the other end of the call.
When they reach home, Cas seems to be unwilling to change his clothes into something more comfortable, choosing instead to let gravity have its way with him, falling to the ground every other second and behaving like a kid in general. Dean would have been pretty annoyed had it not been for the adorable look on Cas’ face as he took out Dean’s sweats to wear them instead of his own. Dean sighed. It was going to be a very long night.
“So how was your date? Enjoyed yourself?”
“Wow. How many kids are you in total?”
Dean would normally have snorted and rolled his eyes at Cas and told him that he was no one to tell Dean what to do but he recognized the tone of Cas’ voice. It was the tone that said, don’t-you-even-dare-to-think-about-not-doing-what-I-said. It was the tone Cas probably used on Claire to get her to finish her vegetables, the ‘Dad’ voice. It was the tone no one had used on Dean ever since his mom had died all those years ago but Dean still used on Sam at times to get him to do something, or more like stop doing something.
That was when Dean decided to announce his presence with a loud, "What's taking you guys so long, we're hungry."
Cas had a dopey smile on his face at this mini speech of Dean’s. Cas got up with a mischievous glint in his eyes, and palmed his rock hard cock through his – Dean’s – sweatpants.
“Cas, calm down. Stop rambling. Now take a deep breath with me.”
“Then go to our room and wait for me, do not move until I tell you to.” No longer had Cas uttered those words, Dean practically ran towards their room, hearing Cas chuckle behind him in the kitchen.
When they stopped at a red light, Dean was pulled out of his happy musings with a very smiley, tipsy Cas resting his head on Dean’s thighs. Well, it would make driving a bit more difficult but it was worth it. Dean loved toughing Cas in any way possible, and he stroked his hand through Cas’ always messy sex-hair. Cas let out a pleased purr and turned his eyes towards Dean.
Cas spending so much time at the hospital also meant that he convinced Dean to spend less time at the hospital and more time at home, or as it happened on most days, with Cas. They had developed sort of a friendship which was doing nothing at all to stop the ever growing crush that Dean had on Cas. Dammit! Why did Cas have to be so perfect?
He then got busy with the kids until he saw an unfamiliar man standing at the door of the room. With him was a girl of about 5, who Dean guessed was the new patient and her father. He indicated to the man that he would join them in a minute as he wrapped up story time with the kids and put them to sleep.
Unable to nod his head because of her hold on him, Dean mumbles a muffled 'yes'.
you.”
Dean was so close to coming, all he could do was take it as Cas fucked him, chasing his own orgasm. Soft
“We have to, do we?” Cas asks, teasingly. “I suppose in that case, I have no other option, do I?”
There you go :)
Throughout the day, the three of them teased Dean about his very obvious sexual attraction to food and Dean was almost regretting having eaten the pie. ALMOST.
The rest of the drive went agonizingly slow for Dean, even though his place wasn’t that far. Cas was resting his head against Dean’s shoulder, kissing and nibbling at any skin he could reach. He kept whispering in Dean’s ear about how it had taken too long for this to happen and how he waited for so long and couldn’t wait any more, all the while he was teasing his own erection through his pants, moaning breathily. Dean wanted nothing more than to reach over and help Cas, but he didn’t want to crash into anything, and he sure as fuck didn’t want his attention diverted from Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas and Gabe abandoned their conversation with the arrival of food and the five of them ate and laughed until Charlie had to leave.
The barista - Dean should probably get to know his name at some point - laughed.
As he entered the Roadhouse, Cas saw that the bar was situated right in front of them with a few stools lined up in front of it. The rest of the place was lined with a few tables and booths, all of which seems to be filled with people. Cas and Bas snagged the remaining two stools at the bar, and ordered their drinks while they waited for someone to catch their eye, or for them to catch someone’s eyes.
Dean played songs on the radio, at a much lower volume than he normally would have. He kept stealing glances at Cas and they talked about inconsequential things. Not for the first time that day, Dean felt relieved that the easiness of their friendship also translated well into their date – that they weren’t awkwardly trying to make small talk. They talked about nothing and everything. They had already talked about the deep stuff during the course of their friendship – about their exes and whatnot – instead, they spent their date talking about the more light hearted stuff from their past. They reached an ice cream parlor and ordered the largest possible sundaes they could get and shared sticky, ice cream flavored kisses. This was by far not only the best date, but also one of the best days in Dean’s life.
“Oh hey, Cas. I totally forgot. I, uh, I lost track of time and, well, uh, yeah.” Awesome, Winchester. Again with the teenage girl crap.
“Are you asking me to watch Merlin with you, Dean?” Castiel asked with a small smile and wide eyes. Damn, Dean really could get lost in those eyes.
HAPPY READING  :)
Finally, after what seemed like hours, they managed to control their breathing and Cas helped Dean clean up the mess he had made in the kitchen.
Cas, who was behind him had never heard her call Dean as Mr. Doctor and found the name amusing to no extent. His laugh caught Claire’s attention and like a typical kid, she abandoned Dean, instead running to her father.
“I didn’t hear you complain about it when my cock was in your ass. And we’ve been married ten years, Dean, way before you were ever my teacher. I don’t think they can do anything about it.”
“Yes you do! My name is Claire, daddy told me you know me.” she said with a sassy flair to her words. Damn, the girl will grow up to be a cracker.
HAPPY READING, AND HAPPY EASTER TO THOSE WHO CELEBRATE :D
“Gabriel.” They said together.
“Please, what? Cas? What do you want? Tell me and you’ll get it.”
Though is wasn’t a date, was it? It would never actually be a date because Cas didn’t know Dean was into him, or even into guys. Hell, till some time ago, Dean didn’t even know he was into guys, how could Cas know. So Dean would make this the best not-a-date date Cas had ever had.
CAS: I know I’m probably the last person you want to hear from right now, and I apologize. How are you doing?
“Uhh. Dean, I uhh. I have a date with Balthazar tonight and since you are way more experienced in the dating department, can you help me decide what to wear? I mean I wore this jeans because it hugs my butt in a nice way but I don’t know what shirt to wear. I could wear the blue one that you got me because it ‘brings out my eyes’ or the green one because it is slightly tight in the ‘right places’ whatever that means. Charlie told me that the green one makes me look ‘dreamy’ and now I’m confused.”
Sam looked at him with an amused smile and replied, “Yes, Dean. You have a nice nap?” clearly referring to the part where Dean was nursing a hangover instead of picking his brother up from the airport.
Happy reading :)
"Thank you." The man says, before continuing, "You were muttering something about Ben. May I ask, is Ben your kid?" He looks so awkward asking it that Dean feels a burst of affection for the stranger.
The slight pressure felt good and Dean couldn’t help but hiss. God, it had been so long since Dean had gotten properly laid. Sure, he had had a few one night stands, but most guys looked at him and his build, and pegged him for a top, wanting him to stick his dick in them; and while Dean swung both ways, sex, or even masturbation, to him was always lacking something unless he had something up his ass – preferably a dick but fingers would do too.
This is the bottom!Cas version
“Ten. Including me, we are ten siblings.” Dean choked on the sip of his beer that he had just taken.
“Cas.” He breathed out. “I think you should go back to bed.”
By the time the meal was done and Dean had picked out Cas’ favourite movies it was time for Cas to return from his classes. Right as Dean was starting to wonder whether Cas would be late, there was the sound of keys turning in the lock. Cas entered with his nose buried in a book about something or the other and almost bumped into Dean who was standing there with an amused look on his face, trying not to laugh at his friend.
Dean could feel himself tumbling closer to the edge so he stopped rubbing at his prostate, choosing instead to simply pump his finger in and out of his hole. Dean put his other finger in too, wishing more than anything that he could go into his room and take out one of his vibrators, because since he couldn’t have Cas’ cock, toys were the next best option.
“Okay seeya then.” Dean hung up abruptly. Huh. Okay then.
A while later, Dean was talking about his job at the fire station when he suddenly looked up and realized that they were much closer now that they  had been earlier. It would take one of them to lean in just a bit for their lips to touch. Dean’s breath hitched at the proximity and he licked his lips, he noticed Cas’ eyes track the movement. At that, Cas looked up to him and said,
After Claire and his dad had left, Charlie came up to him and said, “Who was that beauty? Isn’t he dreamy?”
Dean rolled his eyes.
There was one guy, he looked like he had a couple of inches on Dean. He had a beard and seemed to be speaking in a southern drawl. He looked like a good option, but Dean decided to wait some more. Dean was still looking around, sipping on his beer when a voice spoke behind him –
Please fuck me. I need you so bad! Please –
“Hey! Not a word about my ass, Winchester. I have an exquisite ass, I will have you know. And the only reason you’re not getting a piece of it is because I’m not into the likes of you.” Charlie replied with flustered expression, surprised with the sudden change in topic.
Dean knew Cas had a thing for his strength. His long hours at the garage sometimes brought him home late and covered with sweat and grease and on those days all Cas seems to want was for Dean to lift him up and fuck him against a wall. Dean obviously never complained about it.
Well, I'm early because my internet will be cut off soon and I have no idea when I'll get the new service provider so might as well make the most of it, right?
Dean had woken up at 6 am the previous day and apart from a couple of hours of sleep that he got before Jess’ call, he had been awake for over 24 hours when it happened. Dean and the rest of the staff had been attending to Asa for the past 5 hours but by the time 8 am approached, nothing that the staff did helped anymore. Asa Fox, aged 6 years old, died that day but with a huge smile on his face because of Dean and his efforts to cheer everyone up.
Dean learned more about Cas and Claire and their lives. He learnt the hard way that unless Claire is read a bed time story with different voices for different characters, she doesn’t go to sleep. That night, almost no one went to sleep. He learnt that Cas had an unhealthy obsession with Dr. Sexy, like him. They spent a lot of time binge watching the show at nights when Cas was feeling too low because of Claire.
“Get a room, Dean-o”
I'll leave you to it then, enjoy. Happy reading :)
Ignoring Sam’s jab, Dean continued
Dean kisses Cas tenderly, morning breath be damned, and got into the shower with only his thoughts to accompany him.
Dean let Gabe hash out until he calmed down a bit. He totally understood how Gabe was feeling, Dean would have been equally pissed if it had been Sammy, and it was probably worse for Gabe because Cas was his twin. After Gabe had calmed down a bit, he asked Dean what had happened.
Seeing his expression, Cas laughed and stood up, helping Dean get down too. He looked at the clock and turned to Dean.
Cas leaned his head back and almost moaned out at the feeling of the guy’s breath on his ear when the words hit him. Cas stilled and gaped at the man. Did he-? He wasn’t-
“I hope you’re not a serial killer or something because my brother says he will not hesitate to come over to your place and have you arrested if I don’t check in with him by noon tomorrow.”
Dean’s expression became contorted with confusion because he genuinely had no idea what Sammy meant. But before he could ask, Sam continued.
“Yes, I got sick so my auntie Meg told my daddy to take me to a pade- pede- paditrishan. So my daddy took me to a lady who said you are a better doctor.”
A while later, he heard Dean call out to him.
"Geez woman, you scares me!" he exclaimed before he started to hit shamelessly on her too. Apparently Gabe had missed the memo that Charlie was strictly into girls, so Dean and Cas had an amazing time watching Gabe get turned down again and again without any idea that he was barking up the wrong tree.
Having grabbed Claire’s stuff from the nurses’ station, Dean grabbed a bottle of water for himself and Cas and went into his office. When he entered, Cas was looking at a picture of him and his mom from when he was a kid. It was one of the few pictures he kept in his office. Cas was looking at the picture with a small smile on his face.
“Cas. Nice to meet you. Would you like to dance with me?” Dean smiled charmingly, and who was Cas to say no to a smile like that?
“Apologies, professor.” a gritty voice replied. “My husband forgot his lunch today so I had to drop it off at his office.”
The next morning, when Cas woke up, doctors and nurses flooded his room and Dean was forced to wait outside. After a long wait, they finally left and a nurse came to tell him that Cas wanted to see him. Dean had no idea how Cas would react to all that had happened. Would he be angry at Dean’s timings, or would he be glad that Dean finally confessed? Would he reciprocate Dean’s feelings, or would he give him the let’s-just-be-friends speech? God, Dean hoped it wasn’t the latter, he didn’t think he could stand by knowing that the love of his life, his best friend, didn’t care for him the same way that he did.
ALSO, I ALREADY WROTE MORE THAN HALF OF THE NEXT CHAPTER SO THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL BE UP NEXT WEEKEND YAYYY ME!
I'm back! This chapter, like all the others, is unbeta'ed so please let me know if there are any mistakes.
Dean knew Cas had heard him come in but he continued to be a tease as he prepared his food, sticking out his ass more than necessary.
They all met at the restaurant and had a light conversation, teasing each other and laughing at each other’s expense. Gilda seemed like a really nice girl and Dean was sure Charlie was lucky to have her. That didn’t stop him from giving her the typical big brother hurt her and I’ll hurt you speech. She, in her defence, took it all in good spirit and promised to not hurt Charlie.
“Dean, stop flirting with my girlfriend.” Sam chastised him. “You’re married to Cas remember?”
– Cas!”
When Castiel turns to take his seat, Dean nearly had a heart attack. Castiel is wearing dark rimmed glasses that bring attention to his goddamn fucking
Finally they reached his place. Dean parked his car more carelessly than he usually would because he just didn’t have the patience to park properly – he could park her later. Cas crowded him from behind as he tried to get his door open, and wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle, leaving open mouthed kisses along the back of Dean’s neck. It took Dean an embarrassingly long time to get it open.
Usually Dean would have gone to Sam with relationship problems but the little bitch was already teasing him about Cas for a long time and it wasn’t worth giving him more ammo, especially when it was true. And last that Dean knew, Sam wasn’t even into dicks, but apparently he was wrong there, seeing how Sam was all over Gabe. Just the thought of the two of them sent a shudder down Dean’s spine. That little bitch had some explaining to do before Dean told him anything about Cas.
Anyway, lots of hugs and kisses to those who need them <3
“Yeah, Balth did mention something like that.”
Cas groaned as he felt Dean’s cock settle between his cheeks and tried to thrust his hips back against Dean, making Dean immediately pull away.
With that thought, Dean fished his mobile out of his pocket to check if there were any missed texts or calls from Cas.
Dean was making them some dinner and teasing Cas about having the talent to burn a pot of boiling water when someone rang the doorbell. Confused, Dean looked at Cas, whose brow was furrowed in confusion as he squinted his eyes and tried to figure out who it could be. Both Dean and Cas came to the realisation at the same moment just before Sam opened the door.
Begrudgingly, she accepted Dean’s decision to meet Cas, and even promised not to be too hard on Cas, if they ended up being friends again.
Dean opened his drawer of toys and looked at them disapprovingly. None of them appealed to him just then. The adrenaline that always got him through days long shifts at the fire station had turned to horniness and despite the need he felt to be filled, none of his favorite toys seemed any fun right then because none of them would compare to the real thing – they were just toys after all.
Dean had just grabbed his keys and jacket, when Charlie stopped him from leaving his office.
“Really, Cas? That’s how it’s going to be, is it?” Dean asked as he stood behind Cas and wrapped his arms around his husband’s waist. He nuzzled against Cas’ ear and ground his hips against the panty clad ass in front of him, letting Cas know exactly what the outfit was doing to him.
“Hey Sammy! What can I do for you this fine evening?”
“That’s because you’re out of practice.” Dean taunted his brother lightly and immediately he found himself flipped over with Sam hovering over him.
Charlie sat with him as he cried over what happened and panicked over what the future held in store for them. Charlie held him as he tried to calm down, telling him that it wasn’t his fault and that it was okay to lose control once in a while and break down. She didn’t make fun of him or belittle him for crying just because he was a guy.
“Whatever, Jerk. Now go home and sleep.”
Yayyyy another chapter! I'm extremely sorry this isn't as good, but I've been on a vacation and I didn't get a lot of free time to write much. I still hope you like this though.
Dean immediately turned to the man with a shocked expression. Sure, Kansas wasn’t a very open minded state but it was 2018 for fuck’s sake. Two guys should be able to go out on a date and kiss a bit without it being a huge deal. It wasn’t the first time he had encountered homophobia but every time someone made a homophobic comment, it hurt Dean as much as the first time did. Dean would have ignored the comment had he not seen the look on Cas’ face. He looked absolutely devastated. Considering that Cas came out not that long ago, he probably hadn’t dated many guys and this was probably the first time he was called names in public, and Dean’s heart broke for him because of the cruelty of it all.
"Holy SHIT you did?! What did she say! C'mon Char don't kill me in suspense." Cas exclaimed loudly which immediately got the attention of Gabe, who once more was hitting on poor Sammy.
“First of all, how in the ever loving name of Pie do you know I went to his place?”
“I do trust you, Cas, but I don’t trust myself. If I go with you, there is no way we’ll get any sleep tonight. I want to do this right. This is more than just sex to me, I want to go out on dates with you, I want to hold your hand and kiss you in public. I want people to see you’re with me. I don’t want to rush into this just because my dick wants to.”
Cas smiled at the messages. This could be the start of something new.
With that decided, he messaged his best friend slash ex who he knew had just recently broken up, so would be ready for a night of bar hopping. After receiving confirmation from Balthazar that yes, he would be there, Cas changed into a fitting black jeans that he was told accentuated his ass and thighs, and paired it up with a black button up that hugged his chest and biceps deliciously (he was going to ignore the fact that the shirt felt a bit too tight on him – he was looking for a hookup and was willing to forgo comfort for the sake of a night of vigorous sex.
He took in hand the shirt Charlie had chosen. It was a red plaid button – up, which made his eyes pop up, he had been told – and a black t-shirt to wear under it. He took the clothes and changed into them, while Charlie rummaged through his stuff, looking for God knows what.
“First of all, Jessica-“
“Well, I’ve had more to drink at times than that. I once found a liquor store and drank it.” Cas replied, without batting an eye, as if that sort of thing happens to him daily, a cheeky grin plastered on his face. Goddammit, he was the father of a kid, he shouldn’t allowed to be this dorkily cute. It was doing nothing to stop his crush.
“Destiel?”
Charlie looked at him with a shocked expression and said, “Wait what? Tell me everything, this time SLOWLY. You did WHAT!”
It had been a few years since they defeated Chuck. Sam had retired from hunting, taking over Bobby’s job and helping Garth with assigning cases to hunters and telling them about the relevant lore. He and his new girlfriend Gem had settled down in California, close to where Jessica had been buried. Dean had no idea what Gem knew about the supernatural world, if she knew anything at all. Dean and Sam hadn’t talked in a while, and Dean’s research from afar could only get him so much. While figuring out how to fight Chuck, emotions had been high and they both said things they didn’t mean; afterwards, their relationship had been strained to the point where they just stopped calling each other. Dean had told Sam about being married to Cas but never got any reply, so he didn’t try after that. But he figured it won’t do them any harm if he showed up unannounced. It’s not like he was going to waste any time stopping to talk to Sam anyway, not with Cas missing.
“Poughkeepsie.” Dean responded, unable to string more than one word together because of how hard he was.
“Well, you guys literally have no concept of personal space-“
Tonight was date night and Dean loved date nights. Even after being with Cas for over 7 years, they managed to go out on dates every week, and the only time they missed was when Dean was down with the flu and couldn’t get out of bed. That week, Cas had made him food and fed him with his hands and they had cuddled and watched movies. Looking back, that was a date night too.
Suddenly there was a slick finger at his hole, pushing in. Dean groaned and pushed back into the finger until he felt it go all the way in. Without wasting any time, Cas searched for his prostate and began to ruthlessly rub at it. He varied his motions with tapping it and pushing against it and rubbing it, in no particular order, until Dean was a whimpering mess.
Ever since they were little kids, Dean and Cas had been inseparable. Normally people would expect Cas to be joined at the hip with his twin, but Cas always liked hanging out with Dean more. Not that Dean was complaining. He liked Gabe, they were friends too, but for Dean, Cas was irreplaceable. Cas with his blue eyes and messy hair and his head tilt and his habit of taking everything way too literally, Cas.
“Yeah, that would be great. Here, I’ll give Dean the phone now. It’s a Dr. Jessica for you. She says it’s an emergency.”
The movie turned out to be more hilarious than it was scary. The hall was pretty empty and Gabe kept them entertained by his constant commentary about the movie. Sam tried to scare them by jumping at random moments throughout the movie, which did end up scaring Cas most of the time, making him a constant source of amusement between the friends. Ever so often, Sam or Gabe would point out the obvious intimacy of the situation when Cas held on to Dean’s arm when he got scared, causing Cas to blush uncomfortably and move away. Dean always felt the loss of his friend’s body near him but didn’t say anything, knowing that it would only make the teasing worse. He did however put his hand on Cas’ and squeezed, silently telling him it was alright to hold on to him if he got scared.
With that, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him behind himself. Cas looked down at their entwined hands and smiled softly. Maybe good things do happen to him.
“Good. Get on the bed, on your hands and knees.”
“Is that some sort of code?” Dean asked, completely confused.
“Hello, Dean.” and damn if that doesn’t make Dean want to melt into a puddle of arousal! Cas should not be allowed to be this effortlessly sexy.
Cas gave him a small smile and he continued to speak.
“Hey Cas?” Dean said softly. Why he was whispering, he had no idea- they were alone and no one was asleep. But the moment felt too precious to break by speaking out loud.
“Not this time, but I want to try all of those.” Cas let out a sigh of relief and pulled Dean back towards him.
But as luck would have it, even after dropping off the Sasquatch and his no-Dean-he’s-not-my-boyfriend- Gabe, and not having to share his bed with Cas, the dreams continued, and what’s worse, they actually began to effect the way he interacted with Cas and Cas was beginning to notice.
“Stop it with the teasing, Red. And no, it isn’t a date. It’s just two friends going for a movie, maybe dinner afterwards, and not having sex. Because we’re just friends.”
"Come on, let me buy you a coffee.” Dean wants to object but before he can open his mouth to say anything, Cas cuts him off. “No, don't give me that look. Holidays are a time for giving, and if my buying you a coffee makes you feel even marginally better, it's money well spent. I won't go bankrupt with one drink."
Son of a bitch. Cas had to have known that Dean won’t be sleeping well that night, what with the image of Cas jerking off in his bed that Cas had so kindly planted in Dean’s head. Dean’s own dick twitched at the idea of Cas in his bed, and it didn’t help that at that moment, Cas moaned his name from within his room.
That wasn’t totally a lie. Dean did need to grab her notes and all from Charlie, but he also needed to calm his nerves from the sudden appearance of Cas, before he could actually talk to him.
When Prince Dean was born, his father, King John, had made the announcement that if, by the age of 25, Prince Dean wasn’t already married, the ball would take place on Dean’s 25th birthday, to give the prince the opportunity to meet people and decide who he wanted to marry. Dean had broken many women’s hearts the day he announced that he had no interest in women and would only marry a guy, but it had also made many men, including Castiel, very happy. The king, however, was furious to learn that his son would most likely not give him a grandchild that would carry on the family’s name. Soon, he changed his mind and took back his harsh words and said that it didn’t matter to him if the prince wanted to marry a man, as long as it made Dean happy.
“Look at you, Dean” Cas says, leaning forward and hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder. “Look at how pretty your dick looks in my hand, my long fingers wrapping around you, the red nail polish. You’d love to ruin my gloves with your cum, wouldn’t you, Dean? Paint my black gloves white for everyone to see.”
Anyway, as usual, this is unbeta'ed, English isn't my first language and all mistakes are my own so feel free to call me out on them.
“I’ll be in touch, Dean. Take care.” With that, Cas left the room, still looking a little lost and very rattled. No amount of mental preparation could have made it easier for him to know that his daughter had Cancer. Dean leaned against the door of his room and sighed as he watched Cas go. He really hoped that Claire would be fine, and not only because he was beginning to have a crush on her father, but also because it was always sad to see a child go from being an energetic bundle of joy to a weak kid in a matter of days and he always wanted his kids to survive.
Cas didn’t know when he fell asleep, but when he woke up, it was to an empty bed and slight disappointment. He looked for his phone to check the time and saw that there were a couple of unread messages.
Dean couldn’t tell you what the movie was about, or even which movie they watched because he was too busy paying attention to Cas and his actions and over analyzing them and looking for any sign that Cas liked him and he blamed Charlie for all of this. If she hadn’t said anything, he wouldn’t be questioning their friendship right now and he might even have known which movie they were watching.
Dean let out a whine at Cas’ commanding tone, but did as he was told, his brain a constant loop of
Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime of pacing around aimlessly and roughly a million aborted calls checking up on Cas, Dean heard a bump just outside his apartment door, followed by muffled voices and then complete silence.
He could feel himself getting closer to his orgasm, being already so turned on by Cas sucking him off in the car and then teasing Cas into a sweaty, begging, writhing mess.
He stopped at the door of his room and bent to pick up his discarded sweatshirt when he heard a noise behind him. On pure instinct, he turned around to see what the noise was. And right there was Cas, looking at Dean with wide eyes, almost as if he was checking Dean out. Dean felt some of his blood head south under the intensity of Cas’ stare.
Dean laughed and shook his head at Charlie’s antics. He didn’t know about making Cas beg though, it’s not as if dean could refuse the guy anything.
“Now, I want you to keep your legs open as I strip for you. I want to see how these panties fail to keep you in place, your balls hanging out for me, your cock hard and leaking. And no touching. You started the tease, and now it’s my turn.”
"So Charlie, what brings you to our side of the woods, screeching and screaming, making me go half deaf?"
For a couple of moments, Cas removed his hand, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. It’s not what he didn’t want Cas to touch him, because he did. But Dean didn’t want to die because of his dick. None too soon, Cas’ hand returned, this time deftly opening the button if Dean’s jeans and undoing his fly. Cas pulled out his dick and Dean groaned as the pressure of the confines lifted from it. Before Dean could fully register what was happening, his dick was enveloped in a tight warm heat. FUCK. He gripped the steering wheel tighter, his knuckles turning white, as Cas bobbed his head along his dick, moaning as if it was the best thing he had ever tasted.
Sooooooooo, I haven’t been updating this in a long ass time, and for that I apologize. Depression is acting up and my life seems to be going to Hell. I don’t plan to abandon the fic, I promise to fully see this through, but I can’t promise when I’ll be able to upload next. I’m sorry for keeping y’all dangling by a thread and whatnot and if I manage to come out of this stupid shit unharmed, I swear I’ll finish this up. Until next time <3
That was hilarious to Dean but before he could do more than snort, the bitch face was back, and this time it was aimed at Dean, so he sobered up pretty fast. Sam handed Dean the phone with a blush and said,
Jo looks between them, her eyes even bigger, if possible. "So… were you ever really just best friends?" She asks hesitantly.
: Yeah, I’d like that.
Tonight was the night. Tonight was the big ball where the Royal Family of Winchestershire was looking for a suitable subject from their kingdom to marry their elder son, Dean. People from the entire kingdom were invited for a masquerade ball. They would all get the chance to have a dance with Prince Dean and use that time to leave a lasting impression.
He imagined Cas on top of him, losing his control as he thrust hard, relentlessly into Dean, chasing his orgasm as well.
Dean turned to look towards Cas who was already looking at him with an amused look. This might just turn out to be a fun visit.
“I am Claire Novak and this is my daddy Cas Novak.” Claire’s two front teeth were missing, giving her a slight lisp and she had a glint in her eyes, which after working with kids for so long, Dean knew meant nothing good.
“Oh my God, Charlie didn’t tell me that!” Gilda looked at Charlie accusingly. “But Dean, Cas really likes you. I mean before you told me he was in a relationship, I just figured you were dancing around each other. I’m so sorry. But you really should ask him out, Dean. I’ve just met you guys once but even I can see how much he cares about you, in a more than just friends way.”
Shortly after they first hooked up, Dean found out that Cas liked to sleep naked, and who was Dean to stop Cas from influencing Dean to do the same? So now, they both slept naked, with the night starting off with Dean as the little spoon, but eventually ending up being Cas as the little spoon. Because despite what Cas said, he loved being held safely in Dean’s arms.
Dean is confused for all of half a second before realization hits him and he glares at Charlie. Dean and Cas look at each other with blank faces as Claire continues,
Hey guys, I’m so sorry it took me this long to upload this chapter, but I wasn’t really in a good headspace for a long time and incidents kept happening that just made it worse. It’s a miracle I’m still here. Tbh. So while I  genuinely sorry for the delay, for me, my health comes before my fics. Sorry again.
ENJOY :)
This is the bottom!Dean version
Castiel’s voice is suddenly an octave lower, which he hadn’t thought was possible in the first place, as he raises an eyebrow and says “We both know we want this, Dean. so please let’s stop beating around the bush and get right to it, shall we?”
It was an awkward message, but that’s how Dean felt – awkward. Reading Cas’ message made his heart ache in a new way – he knew he messed up and he had almost began to come to terms with the idea that he had lost Cas completely. But when Cas texted him, he felt something like hope bloom in his chest. If Cas was texting him, did that mean that eventually they’d be fine? He had no idea what to make of it, but not knowing how it would go made Dean uneasy with anticipation. He hoped he didn’t mess it all up again. He was pulled out of his musings with his phone pinging.
After an hour of driving, Cas finally got Dean to pull over in what seemed like an abandoned parking lot. Sure there were other cars there too, but the building in front of it looked like it would fall apart any second. Skeptically, he asked,
Slowly, he pushed in one finger, pretending that it was Cas’ and wasted no time teasing his prostate with it. With one finger relentlessly probing at his prostate, his other hand left his dick to wander around his chest, remembering how Cas’ hands felt touching him in a similar manner just a few hours prior.
“Mr. Novak, me as well as one of the nurses here are as gay as they come and everyone knows that. If you’re afraid that your sexuality will come in the way of her treatment, rest assured, it won’t happen. She will be treated just like the rest of our patients.”
But, well, he knew that she knew what was going on, despite whatever he tried to tell himself. She knew him a bit too well for that.
Seeming to get the hint, Castiel spread open his hand and slid it up an inch, causing Dean’s breath to hitch noticeably.
“I’m sorry, Cas.” He started, not sure where he was headed with this. Dean knew what he wanted to say but he had never been any good at putting words to his feelings. Whenever he tried to say what he felt, he just ended up making the situation worse. “What I did wasn’t fair to you, and it wasn’t fair of me to spring it on you out of nowhere. I – I meant what I said, but my timings could have been better. I’m not apologizing for my feelings, I’m apologizing for the way, and the time at which I confessed them. I’m – I’m sorry, Cas.”
“Yes, to the movies. Cas wanted a movie buddy and I’m a slut for movies so I was the obvious choice.”
They spent the entire night dancing together and talking about nothing in particular. By this time the entire kingdom knew that Prince Dean had found someone but thankfully no one knew who it really was.
“I mean, I love you so much. You can make my day better by just being there for me. Every time I look at you, my heart grows three sizes and I’m overwhelmed by how you make me feel with just a smile. Cas, if I had to choose between you and pie, I’d choose you without a second thought. I
Her father coughed, embarrassed and said, “That’s enough Claire. I’m sure the doctor doesn’t need to know of my coming out story.”
Dean had been very drunk by the time he had joined Cas outside. Obviously. That’s why he ended up saying what he said to him. And damn, if he didn’t regret it. How could he have been so insensitive? Cas was hurting, he had just caught his boyfriend in bed with someone else, on his birthday, at his party. And yet, Dean had to go ahead and spill what he had kept a secret for so long. God – fucking – dammit. Even through his drunken haze, as Dean confessed his feelings, he knew he was drunk and it wouldn’t end well and he’ll end up losing his best friend, but nothing sobered up Dean faster than the sound of screeching tires, crashing glass and the dull, distant thud of a body falling on the ground.
Dean nodded and pulled on his sweatpants, ignoring the gross feeling that came when he wore clothes before cleaning the come off his body. He went to the bathroom ignoring the urge to look at Cas and took a quick shower cleaning himself off in a clinical manner. He let the hot water pound on his back for a while longer, just so that he could avoid going out to talk to Cas. He then went to his room and took out a new pair of pants to wear and an old t-shirt. When he could no longer delay the inevitable, he went out to see Cas sitting on one end of the couch, with his hands folded on his lap, looking very tensed.
All of his friends gave him different opinions on Cas’ feelings for him, just to mess with him, ranging from ‘he totally wants to bone you’ to ‘it’s a hundred percent platonic for him’
“Welcome to
Dean knew it wouldn’t do him any good by lying to her so he just said it was some Cas related problem. Immediately Charlie offered to come over with movies and snacks. Knowing that it would be impossible to get her to not come he just told her to bring beer with her. He needed to be more than just tipsy if he was going to tell her this stuff.
Dean got up and took something out of the pocket of his jeans that was discarded on the floor, and came back to sit near Cas.
“Oh man, I’m so sorry, I didn’t see you there. I’m so tired of this party and talking to people who think they can make me want them even though they’re women, I’m just tired of talking to them about nothing. Oh boy, I’m rambling, I apologize. Wow your eyes are really pretty. What’s your name?” Prince Dean was rambling, and by this time, Castiel was blushing.
When they reached his room, they were both down to their boxer briefs and pretty much humping against each other. Without wasting any time, Dean pushed Cas onto the bed, slid off his boxer briefs and took Cas’ entire dick into his mouth. Cas moaned out loud and arched his hips into the wet warmth of Dean’s mouth. After sucking a couple of times, Dean popped off and took Cas’ hands – which were bunched up in the sheets beneath him – and placed them on his head.
“Yes I went to his place, and no we didn’t have sex. For the sake of Pie, I don’t even know if he’s into me. Just because he’s bi doesn’t mean he’d be into me.” Dean sighed. It would be great if Cas was into him, though.
Dean growled at the sight of the little circle between Cas’ cheeks, and pushed against the heel on his chest. Logically, he knew this would hurt him, and probably leave a heel-shaped bruise on his chest, but right now he couldn’t care less. One of his hands wrapped around Cas’ ankle while the other reached towards his husband’s groin, settling for groping his inner thigh instead.
They hadn’t been dating long when Cas had gotten seriously injured on a hunt and it made them both realize how short their lives were, even more so as hunters. So, instead of wasting any more time, they eloped and got married. It was the only decision Dean ever made that he never regretted.
“Bitch.”
And if he sat in his car for the better part of an hour, choking back sobs and blasting his music, no one had to know.
The next few minutes were a jumble of
As Dean drove them back home, he smiled happily to himself. Each date with Cas only served to make him fall in love with his boyfriend even more. Dean and Cas were still as attracted to each other as they had been on their first date years ago and even though they were nearing 30, they had sex almost every night, and date nights just made the sex even more intense.
Dean passed random comments throughout the movies that made him and Cas laugh out louder than either of them had in a long time.
‘No nope nu-uh Cas knows. What with all the not to subtle checking out, even a blind person would know that Dean is in love with Cas. Dean and Cas sitting in a tree and all that jazz.’
Slowly, Dean stopped drinking as the months passed. He didn’t completely stop, but he cut down a bit. He grew accustomed to the idea that Cas wasn’t going to return and even though it hurt, there was nothing he could do to change what he did. He talked to Gabe on occasion but all Gabe told him was that Cas wasn’t ready to talk to Dean yet. Gabe thought that Cas was being a drama queen, but at the end of the day they were twins, and no matter how much he supported Dean, he would always be on Cas’ side, and if Cas didn’t want to talk to Dean, he wouldn’t let Dean talk to him, no matter how much he begged.
Although it wasn’t just the milestone birthdays that Dean made special for Cas, for instance, on his 12th birthday, Dean had made Cas an apple pie from scratch, and introduced Cas to the wonderful world of pie. Because how could Cas have not known about how wonderfully amazing pie was? Now that Cas had tasted pie, he loved it just as much as Dean did.
No sooner had Cas uttered those words, Dean was begging for it. “Please, Cas. I need your cock in me, please. Give it to –
That night, Dean fell asleep with a smile on his face, knowing that no matter what happened, he would always have Cas’ friendship to fall back on, that no matter what happened, he wouldn’t lose Cas to his feelings. That was the best Dean could have asked for.
“So, moving on,” Cas said, dragging on the ‘so’, “How’s school Sam? Any girl we should know of? Or guy who’s intentions we need to ask?”
“Bedside drawer.”
, closing his eyes and continuing to kiss Dean through it.
Cas’ answering grin was so wide that Dean knew that he would never be able to refuse Cas anything, if this was how he reacted when he got what he wanted. It was a smile that could light up the whole world with its brightness. When Dean grinned back at him, his own smile was as bright as Cas’.
Sleeping arrangements were the easiest to figure out. Sam and Dean didn’t want to share a room because they’d grown up in the same room and were sick of sharing a room.
All he gets in response is grumbling and Ben turning away with a pouty “no”.
“Um, yeah. I mean, if you want to.”
“Yes, Dean. Yes! I will marry you. But only if you marry me too.”
Before they could do anything about it (not there was much they could do anyway), Sam had opened the door and let Gabe in.
He was snapped out of his musings with Charlie’s greeting of “What’s up, Handmaiden?” Dean rolled his eyes at the nickname.
This close, Dean could see how shaky Cas’ breathing was and how blown his pupils were.
Hey guys, I’m so sorry it took me this long to upload this chapter, but I wasn’t really in a good headspace for a long time and incidents kept happening that just made it worse. It’s a miracle I’m still here. Tbh. So while I genuinely sorry for the delay, for me, my health comes before my fics. Sorry again.
AS USUAL, THIS IS UNBETA’ED AND ENGLISH ISN’T MY FIRST LANGUAGE SO FEEL FREE TO CALL ME OUT ON ANY AND ALL MISTAKES, LET ME KNOW HOW YOU LIKE THIS.
Here, in this moment, on a sunny Friday morning, Dean felt a sudden bubble of happiness burst within him and he couldn’t stop the overwhelmed sigh that left his mouth. He was just content to lay there with his boyfriend in his arms, and do nothing of importance.
The rest of the day was spent by the three of them teasing each other and having a laugh at the expense of someone, just like it was before Dean and Cas left for college. Dean didn’t realise how much he had missed hanging out with his brother and his best friend until just then.
Dean knew what was coming next. He’d heard many parents blaming themselves for not knowing about Cancer and not being able to take care of their kids. So he went around the table and wrapped his arms around Cas, both of them sitting in a position similar to the previous evening, with their roles reversed.
Dean couldn’t help it. Cas looked so happy in the moment that Dean had to lean forward and kiss him. Cas kissed him back with an equal force and they sat there simply making out for a while. For Dean, making out had always been a means to an end – a necessary part of foreplay before they got to the main event. But sitting here and kissing Cas, there was nowhere else Dean would rather be, nothing else he would rather do. He was content with just making out with Cas, knowing that neither of them would do anything more tonight.
“Is that all you got, Dean?” Cas taunted. “This is the best you can do? I want to be fucked
All Dean can think about is all the blood that’s now rushing to his dick, making him harder than he has ever been, and how good Cas’ body feels pressed against his own. In the same instant that Dean nods, one of them makes the first move, and suddenly their lips are clashing desperately, both of the men fighting for dominance. Dean’s fingers clench around Cas’ hair, even as Cas’ hands move towards Dean’s pants, undoing the zipper with insanely steady fingers. Dean gasps at the sensation of Cas’ fingers brushing against his boxer-clad erection, and Cas uses the opportunity to thrust his tongue inside Dean’s mouth, cautious yet needy at the same time. Palming one last time at his cock, Castiel pulls away and turns Dean around harshly, pushing him against the desk, and slotting his own denim-covered dick against Dean’s ass. Dean groans and pushed back against it, hoping that Castiel would take the hint.
Ignoring the barista’s flirting, Cas and Dean gave their order while Gabe and Sam stood by them being totally useless like they always were.
Doing as he was told, Castiel retreated to his room with a heavy heart. He had really hoped that he would get to see the charming prince once more. But, he thought to himself, good things never happen to him.
“Oh well, you know, I just woke up feeling extremely refreshed and, well, you know how we were sleeping.” Dean winked at him lewdly.
Gabe had a similar issue with sharing a bed with Cas. “He snores at night and I can’t sleep like that.”
“Strip for me like a good boy.” Cas told him, as he bunched up his panties beneath his balls and started to jerk off. “Slowly.”
“Jo.”
“No, Dean. I don’t want to hear anything right now. Please just leave me alone. I need time to think. I need time to wrap my head around what happened, without you serving as a constant distraction. Please just leave.”
CAS: Happy birthday, Dean.
Around a week after Sam and Gabe had arrived, Dean got a call from Charlie. Charlie was in one of Dean's classes and one of the nerdiest people Dean knew. She was into all sorts of nerdy stuff like LARP'ing and fanfiction and whatnot, that Dean would never get the hang of. Dean went to a LARP event with her once and ended up being a handmaiden to Charlie, who by the way, was the queen. Dean still doesn't know how that happened but she never let him live that down, ever.
Wow, this note is getting longer than the actual story. *sigh*
Dean had taken Cas on a cross-country road trip for his 16th birthday when he got his driver’s permit. Of course it wasn’t cross country, it was only two states from theirs but cross country sounded cooler. For his 18th birthday, Dean had hidden 18 gifts all around the town, such as condoms and lube (those were Gabe’s ideas, in his defence) and created a mini treasure hunt for Cas to find the gifts.
“So, what? You don’t talk to Sam for years and suddenly show up wanting to talk to him alone? Yeah, no can do.”
DEAN:
“No, smartass, come in my pants like that.”
“Fuck, Cas! I- I won’t last long.” he managed to get out before Cas removed his hand from his nipple and brought it back down to jerk Dean off through his clothes.
Dean was planning something big.
----------
The longer Cas looked at him without replying, the more nervous Dean got. Did Cas have some test that he had to study for over the weekend that Dean didn’t know of? Damn, he really should have asked Cas before planning anything. Great now he had ruined yet another thing. But before Dean could say anything, he found himself wrapped in Cas’ arms in a bear hug.
Dean doesn't know how long he sits there, but when his breathing evens out and his vision clears, he's sitting on the bench, breathing to the exaggerated rhythm set by the owner of the hand clenched in his own. One by one, other sensations come back to Dean as he feels the other hand rub his back, and the man (because that was a man's voice, Dean could now hear), telling him to breathe with him.
"I asked out Gilda." She said with a straight face.
A couple of minutes later, Castiel came to the table, carrying a coffee and slice of cake for himself. He set his tray down and settled in his seat as Dean re-played the episode from the start.
So yeah, Cas had been dealt a crap hand in life and Dean wanted to make him feel nice. Well, nicer than he usually tried to make Cas feel. So he decided to make something himself for the two of them. He decided to make them some lasagne and garlic bread along with some wine. Dean was more of a beer guy himself but Cas loved him some wine and Dean was willing to do it for him. Making Cas his favourite meal along with the stupid romantic comedies he loved so much, Dean was sure this was going to be the best date Cas had ever had.
“Your husband here,-“ he pointed towards Cas, as Dean gave him a dirty look, “- told me you drank too much last night so I figured I’d have to come myself.”
Cas and Dean looked at each other and exchanged a small smile. It was so easy to get Sam to choke on air.
“Yeah Cas okay! Jeez I’ll be right there. Don’t even let a guy shower in peace would you?” Dean replied, mumbling the last part mostly to himself. He wrapped a towel around his waist, still mostly dripping from his interrupted shower. ‘Thank God I wasn’t jerking off right then. That would have been really awkward to explain to Cas’ Dean thought to himself with a chuckle as he exited the shower and went outside to see what Cas was doing.
To this, Charlie sighed and said, “We’ll get back to it later. For now let’s watch another movie and wait for your boyfriend to get back from his date.”
“We all are named after angels. I consider myself lucky that my name isn’t as bad as one of my brother’s. He’s called Lucifer.” Cas chuckled at Dean’s reaction to the name of his eldest brother.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his friend and went in to bring out his shot glasses. “To a good night out and lots of sex. Cheers.”
Since that incident, over a day ago, Dean had replayed the scene many times in his head and was sure of the following things. A) He had heard Cas whimper when he bent down to pick up his sweatshirt. B) Cas’ eyes were dark with lust when he turned around. C) Cas had been looking at Dean’s dick when he licked his lips. All if that combined led him to believe that D) Cas wanted him like he wanted Cas. But, E) Cas was in a relationship so that wasn’t possible.
“I – what?” Dean exclaimed. “I’m not asking him out! He’s already in a relationship!”
“No, Cas. you were being a tease, so now it’s your turn to get teased. Go to our room and wait for me.” Dean smirked as he saw Cas stumble in his heels as he hurried towards their room. Giving Cas a taste of his own medicine, Dean cleaned up the kitchen and out away the food before heading to their room. When he got there, he saw Cas laying on the bed, hands twisted into the covers and legs dangling over the side. Dean closed the door and held back a chuckle when Cas jumped at the sound of the door.
Hesitantly, Dean entered his room to find Cas looking away from him, outside the window. Dean went and sat down in the chair besides his bed and waited for Cas to talk to him. After a while, when Cas still hadn’t spoken, Dean figured that Cas hadn’t noticed his presence and spoke up.
Just as he was about to continue, and possibly make the situation worse, Cas turned to him with fire in his eyes.
“That’s my mom, in case you’re wondering.”
In the days leading up to their meet, Dean finally began to stop drinking completely, and apologized to Sam and Charlie for being a dick.
Balthazar had somehow figured out the truth and did his best to console Castiel as the news spread that the prince was going around the kingdom to find the man who had accidentally left a handprint on his arm. At the mention of the handprint, Castiel’s hopes lifted because he might have been the man but he didn’t let it get to him because if his family found out, it would be a disaster of epic proportions.
“Fine. C’mon let’s get you dressed up.” He replied with a roll of his eyes as he took out the shirt Cas was talking about. It was the same shade of blue as Cas’ eyes and complimented them perfectly. The shirt was slightly small on Dean but an exact fit for Cas and DAMN did it look hot on him. How Dean wished Cas was going on a date with him instead of some Balthazar guy.
“First you gotta tell me what’s up with you and Cas.”
Cas wasn’t too far behind and just a handful of thrusts later, he was coming deep in Dean’s ass. Dean milked the orgasm out of Cas and they both fell back on the bed, sweaty, sated, and out of breath.
“You know, I quite like the idea of you taking care of it yourself.” He said, palming at Cas’ dick. “Seeing you get yourself off, not able to get me to touch you, when I’m just a few feet away.” He could see the shiver that ran down Cas’ spine at his words. He knew that Cas liked the idea too. “But right now, right now I’m not that patient. I’ve waited a long time for this, and there’s no force on this planet that’s going to keep me away from you.” With that, Dean crossed Cas and pulled him into a deep kiss, walking them both backwards into his room. The few steps from the door to his bed took more than a few minutes because they both were too busy grabbing at whatever part of the other’s body they could reach. Finally, Dean felt the back of his bed knock against the back of his legs. He sat down on the bed, pulling Cas on top of him.
Suddenly feeling as if there was way too much space between them, Dean got up from his seat and moved to straddle Castiel’s lap. Dean already knew he was half hard from the making out, but as he settled down on Castiel’s lap, he could feel Castiel’s erection pressing up against his ass, and within seconds that sensation made him harder than he had ever been before.
Please drop a comment and Kudos if you liked it (or do it even if you didn't).
‘Dammit Dean. Way to act normal. Now Cas knows you love him and you’ve ruined your friendship. Great job fucking up this too.’ Said a voice on his shoulder which sounded a lot like himself.
After being friends with the guy since for fucking ever, Dean never could have thought that he would get a crush on his best friend. Or that he would ever realize that he had a crush on him. Nor did he ever think he would have a gay panic attack in his early twenties. But well, apparently life had other ideas for him and all of that did happen and when it did, he didn't have his best friend to fall back on. Because his best friend was in the hospital because of him, fighting for his life.
Ben, as usual, makes a mess of his breakfast, even more so than usual, because of his high energy levels.
! I’m so close, Cas.” But right as he was about to some, Cas removed his finger, leaving Dean empty and on the edge. Dean whined and Cas soothed him by running his hands across the length of Dean’s sides.
“It probably is too late to ask that. However, if you are indeed a serial killer, please have sex with me before killing me, then at least I’ll have my last orgasm before I die.” He replied cheekily and covered Dean’s mouth with his. As chapped as Cas’ lips looked, they were soft against Dean’s, and with a moan, Dean put his arms around Cas’ waist, pulling him closer and rutting against him.
Do any of you have any idea how much willpower it took to not upload as soon as I finished writing that chapter? Hint: A FUCKING LOT.
“Jerk. Thanks Dean.”
"Fuck" says Dean. "I really need to head out. Ben gets upset when I'm away from him too long, he thinks I'll leave him too. I'm really sorry, Cas. Can I have your number? We could meet up again, and maybe you can help me figure out what to buy Ben?" He adds hopefully.
As soon as Sammy and Ben get back with the cookies (and other snacks), all six of them take their places in the living room. Charlie and Sam hog the couch, cuddling Claire and Ben between tem, leaving the loveseat for Dean and Cas to share. Dean and Cas spend a few moments trying to figure out a comfortable position, which comes in the form of Dean cuddling into Cas, with Cas’ arm wrapped around his shoulders. Purely for comfort’s sake. obviously. Dean glares at Charlie, who smirks at him in response, but neither of them say anything as Sam starts up How The Grinch Stole Christmas, and they make their way through all the Christmas classics.
“In that case, Dean, please call me Cas. I’m sure you’ll do your best with her.” Dean loved the way his name rolled off Cas’ tongue.
Ooh there was the bitch face again.
With that Charlie walked away, leaving Dean gaping after her because his mind couldn’t process what just happened. Charlie has a habit of jumping from one topic of conversation to the next which would be totally unrelated to the first, so it usually took Dean’s brain a few seconds to catch up.
A while later, Dean was up to three fingers and lost all patience. He moved forward and in a swift motion flipped Cas over, onto his back. He quickly wrapped Cas' dick with the condom and smothered it with lube. The feeling of Dean’s hand on his dick was exquisite and provided a much needed friction. Cas closed his eyes and moaned, but they snapped open as soon as he felt Dean straddling him and sinking onto his cock.
Castiel sat up in shock and immediately reached out to pull Dean in for a kiss.
Happy reading :)
"I'm Dean, by the way. I figured you should at least know who you're spending your money on." Dean puts on a charming smile.
After they’re done toy shopping, they decide to head over to the food court and grab a bite to eat.
Whatever the reason for the dreams was, Dean was getting tired of this. And while he loved his brother, he couldn’t wait for Sam to leave in the morning, so that he could stop sharing his bed with Cas and then the dreams would stop. Right? They had to stop then at last.
“Don’t you dare, Dean. You have no right to come up to me and say that you’re in love with me. Did you know, that despite what Balthazar did to me, I was finally happy in a relationship? I was finally – after years – getting over my crush on you. Bal and I – we would have gotten over this. We would have moved forward, I would have gotten over you and we all would have been happy. But before I could think about what happened, you had to go ahead and say you’re in love with me! I waited years, Dean. Years for you to say you love me that I wasn’t alone in those feelings but you never did. Now when I was finally happy, why did you have to go ahead and ruin it? Why couldn’t you have left it alone?”
Without further wait, Happy Reading :)
One of Cas’ hands wrapped around Dean’s dick and jacked him off where his mouth didn’t reach and the other rolled his balls and squeezed them just hard enough to not be painful, but pleasurable. Passing his balls, his hand moved further to his hole and pressed in. It took only a couple of thrusts against his prostate before Dean came harder than he could remember. He bit his knuckles to try and stifle his moans.
In his mind he saw Cas taking Dean’s cock in his mouth, his face bobbing up and down, while his hands prepped him for his dick. Dean pushed another finger in as he imagined Cas prepping him while his mouth never left Dean’s cock. Dean crooked his fingers once more to tease his prostate as he imagined Cas sinking into him and thrusting into Dean’s hole without giving him much time to adjust.
When Cas had gone for a bathroom break, Gilda leaned forward and asked when he was planning to ask him out.
It was the hottest thing Dean had ever seen. He had always gotten off on his partner’s pleasure but this was much better than anything else ever. He ground his hips against the bed right as Cas ground his ass in Dean’s face. There were a few moments where his nose was smashed against Cas and he couldn’t breathe but who needed to breathe when Cas was making such beautiful sounds?
“I knew I loved you Char!” he exclaimed as he took the pie from her and gave her a loud, sloppy kiss on her cheek, knowing it annoyed her.
Dean looked at Cas standing there in his room, almost naked, his dick hard and wanting. This was a sight that Dean had wanted for so long, but now that he had Cas, he wasn’t sure what to do. Cas seemed to sense his hesitation because he moved forward and pushed Dean softly onto the bed. He walked over to Dean and straddled his lap, leaning down to kiss him. This kiss was chaste compared to the ones they had shared earlier, but it was full of love and adoration. They sat there, kissing like that for a while, until Cas rolled his hips and their erections came into contact. Dean’s eyes rolled into his head because of how good it felt. Suddenly, it was a race to the finish. Their boxers were pretty much torn off their bodies and landed somewhere on the floor – Dean was too busy to notice where they landed. Cas was still straddling him, grinding down like his life depended on it. Dean wrapped his hand around Cas’ dick and gave it a few hesitant jerks. He looked down and got his first good look at it.
Dean was in the kitchen preparing himself something to eat when his phone rang. Since Cas would be eating with his date, this was the first time in a long time that Dean had to prepare a meal for only one person. Earlier it used to be for him and Sammy and then him and Cas, so Dean was feeling a bit unbalanced having to cook for one. That’s why when his phone rang, he answered without looking at the caller id like he always did.
The wink he directed towards Dean pretty much melted his insides.
HAPPY READING :)
Dean turned around to see Charlie sitting right behind him wearing a hideous blonde wig, apparently stalking him. He’d talk to her about that later, first, he had to kiss Cas.
Cas moaned as he replied, “Oh! I need you to fuck me with your cock, Dean. Your thick, hard cock. Weeping for me. I need you to push it in my ass and fold me in half, fucking me hard and fast. Not giving me any time to catch my breath.”
“Yeah. So when are you getting home?”
Soon, Dean pulled out and wiped them both clean with the corner of their covers. He lay down besides Cas and pulled the man’s arms around his waist, taking him in his embrace, ignoring the feeling of cum and sweat between them. He knew it would feel uncomfortable later but right now, he was content in raking his fingers through Cas’ sweaty hair, and lazily making out with him. He loved needy!bottom Cas.
Suddenly, a little girl bumping into his legs brought him back to the present, where he had zoned out in the middle of the toy store, staring at a collection of Hot-Wheels. Dean turns a full 360° before realizing that he has no idea what to buy his son besides a friggin Hot-Wheel. Dean starts to panic- what parent doesn’t know what to gift their kid?! His vision starts to turn black and he stumbles blindly out of the store. He knows he's hyperventilating when he feels a strong hand wrap around his forearm, pulling him. Dean follows the arm, and gets manhandled into sitting on a bench.
In the shower, Dean made a show of checking Cas out as he stroked himself lightly, leading to an inevitable round two and all the hot water running out.
Cas looked around to search for Balth but couldn’t find him anywhere. He figured he was probably in his room so he went to Balth’s room and opened the door without knocking, and immediately froze in his tracks. All the alcohol seemed to drain out of his body and he felt completely stone cold sober. There on the bed, was his boyfriend, clearly having sex with another girl from the party. Cas felt like throwing up. Suddenly he was jerked back and he saw Dean standing there with a thunderous expression on his face. He had obviously seen Balthazar with that girl too and was angry at him. The room felt too constricting all of a sudden so Cas went out to the garden to get some air.
“I’ve known him since we were kids, of course we’re comfortable with being physically close-“
“Okay connect her through.”
“Thank you, Dean!”
Suddenly there was a loud screech and a crash and the world went dark.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, now that you’re up, go back to bed. I was going to bring you breakfast in bed, because it’s your birthday and whatnot.” Dean said with a grin.
So with a fresh wave of nostalgia for his childhood, Dean nodded and drank his water. After around five more minutes, he felt a bit more composed and got up from his chair and set about to leave, Cas hovering about to make sure Dean didn’t change his mind. Just as they were leaving Dean’s office, Dean bumped into Sam, who was talking to Jessica. Sam turned around to see who bumped into him and with one look at Dean, his face morphed into a Bitch face and he said in a commanding voice,
Soon, Dean was standing in front of Cas, fully naked, waiting for Cas to tell him what to do. Cas’ legs spread open wider as he motioned Dean to come closer with one hand, pinching his nipples with the other. “Pull aside my panties, pull out the plug, and eat me out. Show me what that tongue can do. Remind me how talented your tongue is.”
"Gross, dude. Keep it in your pants." Cas laughed ay Charlie's expression. Soon conversation turned to Gabe and his antics until Charlie and Sam decided to go raid the kitchen again. After waiting a while for them to return with food, Dean went into the kitchen to ask what was taking them so long.
