“I’d probably take a dive off of here; I know people say suicides don’t work from a building this short, but hey, I’m sure I’ll think of something creative by the time I go and do something like that.”
“Seriously, Sherlock,” John started, giving him a serious look. “You played your best, and I’m sure it was phenomenal. They seeked you
"I know it is, but please. I need to tell you. I need you to know what happened. And I need most of all for you to believe what I am saying."
“Relax, it wasn’t a challenge on your talent,” Sherlock responded, not losing his composure for a second. How was he so calm and collected and arrogant all the damn time? More importantly, how was it so easy for him to cause John to lose his own composure? “You were the one just pacing about the room because you can’t remember the last time you played on stage… do you want me to send you out there with the Scarbo?”
Sherlock’s face fell and he silently took the bite of pasta. John sighed and moved to pick up his dinner from the table. He was rather hungry since they hadn’t had a chance to eat any breakfast or lunch before Molly arrived.
John thought. He thought a lot about what he was going to do. He truly would love to continue playing, but…
Molly turned around and gave John a big smile. “Oh! Date night? Sorry I kept you so long, Sherlock!”
John choked back a sob, hugging into himself tighter. He stood in the stall, afraid of moving. He felt absolutely nauseous and was sure that any sudden motion would cause him to vomit. “I’m not good enough, Sherlock. I never should have come here. I should have stayed in London and applied for a position as a doctor like I’d always planned. I was never cut out for this music nonsense!”
“Sherlock, whatever. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. You aren’t a proper newbie until Jim has gotten a hold of ya.” Jim picked John up by his shirt collar with ease and threw him to the ground.
However, he wasn’t as alone as he thought. Sherlock, who’d always been light on his feet, had managed to sneak up to the door and listen. He hadn’t had a chance to listen to John play solo piano music since they first met. He was playing Chopin’s Nocturne Number 8 in D-flat major. It was absolutely stunning. Sherlock stood rooted by the door, listening, his heart swelling with pride and something else he couldn’t quite place.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and pulled him closer, deepening the kiss. They stayed glued to each other for what couldn’t have been more than a couple minutes, their tongues finding their way into each other’s mouths, gasping for whatever air they could get between kisses. Eventually they broke away, each of them panting, desperate for air.
After they had their things successfully packed into a cab, Sherlock pulled out his phone and did a search of nearby restaurants. They settled on a small diner a few blocks away from the hotel. They settled into their seats and pulled out the menu when they were approached by their waitress, who was… singing to them.
The crowd erupted into cheers and tears and congratulations. The two men looked at the priest expectantly.
“Do you mind if I play a bit?” he asked, not really caring for what the violinist’s answer was going to be.
John blinked slowly before looking up into Sherlock’s eyes. “You’re talented, you’re more than capable. Believe in yourself, John. You’re the only one who doesn’t at this point.
Thanks so much for the kudos so far! I'm glad you've enjoyed what little of the story you've seen so far. <3
John bent over to pick up his clothes that were abandoned on the floor the night before. “Because she and I are similar in that we aren’t going to let you throw away your life that easily.”
They found themselves not actually heading out to eat for at least another two hours after they’d arrived at John’s and Mike’s flat. Molly had so many questions about Julliard, and John was winded by the time he’d answered her third question.
John shook his head and stood up, bowing to the judges. “I’m so sorry for wasting your time,” he blurted out before running off the stage. He ran right past Sherlock who was trying to stop him. He just kept running until he found a restroom and he locked himself in it. His heart was pounding relentlessly, it was all he could hear. He felt himself heaving with every breath.
Sherlock approached John and handed him the papers. He gave John a small smile, and there was a small sparkle in his eyes as he looked at him. “Until our next rehearsal, John.”
“I didn’t think you could look at anyone like that,” he teased, “considering you’re a pompous arse.”
It had to be nearing 3 in the morning. Every time he was almost asleep he woke up with a jolt, anxiety getting the best of him again. Sherlock slept peacefully next to him, though John had no idea how. He spent the majority of the night tossing and turning, trying to keep his sounds of frustration to a minimum. He was so exhausted, he really just wanted to sleep so things could be better.
John returned his gaze to Sherlock who was staring at him with a sympathetic look in his eyes. Before he realized what he was doing, John began leaning in, and so did Sherlock. Within seconds their lips were pressed together in a slow, passionate kiss that went on for several seconds. When they finally pulled away they continued to look at each other. After a few moments Sherlock pulled John into an extremely tight hug.
Sherlock waved John off as he turned back towards the food. “You needed the sleep more than I needed help. I’m glad I left you. You seem much more rested now than you’ve been in weeks.”
Sherlock realized in that moment that he’d never fully appreciated John in a suit before. Of all the performances they shared together, Sherlock had never actually gotten to stand back and actually
Sherlock couldn’t hold back his tears anymore. As he cried, John pulled him into a tight embrace. He gently combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and assured him that everything was going to be alright.
stand the thought of not having Sherlock here next to him. Couldn’t stand the thought of waking up in his cold, single-person bed at home. Couldn’t stand the thought of not waking up to brown hair sticking in his face and tickling his nose first thing in the morning. A swift poke to the ribs brought him back out of his spiral.
John was silent. His face fell down again and his mind was spinning. He had a sensation mixed between knowing exactly what to say, but at the same time not knowing what to say at all. His eyes met Sherlock’s again. He remained silent, just staring into his eyes.
With that, the line went dead. John rolled back over and laid in bed for almost another hour before deciding to get up. He didn’t have any classes until the afternoon, so he was in no real hurry. He thanked whatever deities there were that he didn’t have a heavy load on Mondays; it allowed him significantly more recovery time from long weekends. And when a certain soloist kept you up all night with anxiety and an existential crisis.
you: you always have a bit of fight in you, even with the world weighing you down as much as it is.” Sherlock looked back to John when he finished speaking and saw that John’s eyes had started watering. Sherlock was immediately concerned.
Eventually Sherlock had regained control of his breathing and his distraught sobbing had faded out into occasional tears streaking his face. His body had sunk to the floor, his head resting on John’s lap. John had the rejection letter in his hand. He shook his head repeatedly, muttering to himself.
“I never thought I’d say this,” Mike started, stepping back from the group. He clapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’m gonna miss you, Sherlock. You better take care of John for me.”
Now John’s own eyes stung with unshed tears, and he could do nothing else but pull his boyfriend into his arms and squeeze him as tightly as he could, planting kisses wherever he could reach.
He chanced a glance at Sherlock, who simply looked ahead at nothing in particular, his eyes glossy from tears welling fresh in his eyes.
John’s thoughts stopped dead in their tracks. He hated it, but… Sherlock was completely right. He immediately shook his head.
Feel free to follow my twitter (@cxspxn) or my tumblr (cxs-pxn) for updates on story stuff! In short, I have three stories actively being updated right now, so I've resigned to posting one update per week, alternating between the stories on Saturdays! This way it's at least an expected schedule and I won't leave you guys in the dark forever.
He wasn’t going to be playing at all again. In the moment John hadn’t realized that this was maybe his last chance to play the piano. His last hurrah before he turned away from the world of music forever.
He hoped that a new school would give him a chance to make at least one friend to distract him from his mess of a life. He may have gotten a bit more than he bargained for in the end.
John had no response. He certainly couldn’t say that he didn’t need the money because, well… university students
“Over these past few weeks, Mycroft has been distracting me from things to help fix my drug problem…which is another reason he didn’t want me talking to you…he wanted me to completely focus on what he was doing…I meant to tell you earlier, but I was just so scared of losing you, John…I was so scared…”
His Aunt didn’t hover, just allowed him to unpack and get settled, offering him a cup of tea before retreating to bed.
“Is this when you tell us you want to join our little group? Or will it take you a few more weeks to come to the conclusion you belong with us, Sherlock.”
“Negative. Has Sherlock ever told you what he used to do to end his strikes of boredom? What lengths he’d go to to calm and quiet his brain?”
“You fancy yourself as brave, don’t you? Ah, bravery. By far the kindest word for stupidity, I might say, don’t you think?”
"You're...working for the Scotland yard?" Mycroft asked, trying very hard to keep the disgust out of his voice. It obviously hadn't worked; Greg look quite offended. He snatched the paper out of Mycroft's hands and stuck it in the pile with the others, his face reddening.
As always please let me know what you think! I'll be honest, this story may be coming to a close relatively soon. But I've got a _potential_ idea for a brief sequel featuring domestic Johnlock on the backburner. Music boyfriends --> music husbands mayhaps. We'll see.
“Don’t do that to me, Sherlock. You still have Molly. You’ll still be able to give performances that take people’s breath away. And, I’m sure we’ll still be able to find time to play music together. We don’t have to give all of it up, just some of it.”
“Sherlock, music isn’t just something you do. Medical school was just something I did. But, with you, God, you
“It is actually quite humorous,” said Sherlock one day, “he doesn’t suspect a thing and I literally plot out my plans right in front of him.”
“If the Royal Academy would take you in a heartbeat, so would Julliard. I know it,” Sherlock continued, trying to keep the desperation in his voice to a minimum.
Sniffling rose up from the audience as they watched the two men standing in front of them, holding hands and staring deeply into the other’s eyes while they recited their wedding vows.
He was too busy helping others, he never opted to help himself. He was breaking, and Sherlock didn’t know how to fix him.
Sherlock went to retort but he stopped. He wouldn’t be winning this argument. Sherlock sighed in defeat, dropped the phone to the ground, and left.
John cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and met his gaze. Sherlock had never seen so much love and affection in that man’s eyes. It was enough to be intimidating if the gaze wasn’t so soft. So warm. So safe.
John grunted in understanding and walked back over to the bed, flopping down on it. He couldn’t believe the roller coaster of a day it had been. He went from overloading on levels of anxiety to sleeping for what must have been four or five hours. He was pretty sure it was still light outside when he’d fallen asleep, and they’d gotten back to the hotel pretty early in the afternoon. He fished his phone out of his pocket and began to absentmindedly scroll through various apps. Within a few moments Sherlock struggled through the hotel door. John looked up at him and was met with a scowl.
You could have heard a pin drop, even with the television on and the carpeted floors. The silence that fell between them was thick, and John was almost sure that was why he was struggling to breathe all of a sudden.
“Well, it’s good to know that the smarmy git we all know and love has made his return,” John muttered under his breath.
“You, brother dear, are pathetic. Here I thought you were different from those petty fools, but no. You’ve fallen for love just as easily as the next. You’re just as useless as every other damned human on this planet. Then again, you never were much better, were you? Have you told John all about
Molly nodded excitedly. “And, you could always be a part-time doctor to make extra spending money! Since you’re gonna have a full ride to Julliard and everything.”
Before John could protest, the line was disconnected, Molly’s contact flashing on his phone screen. John muttered a whispered expletive before pushing himself off of the sofa. If Molly was on her way, they definitely had no time to shower, but the least they could do is put on… almost presentable clothing.
John smiled and hugged her back tighter. “You’ve always been my number one fan. Thank you for everything, Molly.”
. John thought to himself again, more trying to convince himself than anything else. He took a deep breath before he poured some tea for Sherlock and himself and bringing the mugs over, setting them down on the coffee table.
John grunted and rolled over to face the complaining gentleman. “We all have our flaws. Even you, Mr. Perfection.”
Sherlock gave a curt nod before pulling John back towards him. John nuzzled into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and they stayed like that for several moments. But soon enough, Sherlock shoved John out of the chair and stood up himself.
. You can’t throw it away. Especially not now that it is guaranteed. I won’t let you do that to yourself.”
John smiled. “I will admit, just having the audition over and done with is a huge relief. I can’t believe what a fool I made of myself though…”
Sure enough, the school was absolutely delighted to offer John a live audition. He scheduled it for a month from the day, and now the rehearsals began. That was the good thing about the audition. He sent in a snippet of his chosen piece and played the piece in its entirety during the live audition. John had chosen the first movement Chopin’s Sonata number 2 in B-flat minor. It was a truly stunning piece, and John could play it
Molly gasped, and her hands shot up to cover her mouth. “Sorry,” she spoke softly before returning her hands to cover her mouth. She nodded to encourage John to continue.
Mycroft rarely visited Sherlock’s school. Why would he? Too many dull children around. He could barely stand it when he was in high school. However, he had important business to take care of.
“I know waiting is agonizing and you just want it to be over,” he started, sighing. “Trust me. I know. But please try to be calm. Worrying is just going to decrease your life expectancy, and I’m not going to have any of that.”
John remembered what Sherlock had told him after their first performance together, and immediately tried to shake the thought.
It felt like John had only pressed that button for him yesterday. Now here Sherlock was, in the London Heathrow Airport, waiting on a flight to the United States. His audition was in a week. He felt the familiar surge of nerves and adrenaline that he’d felt almost four years ago, when he first auditioned for The Royal Academy. This was so much bigger. This was his dream. The program that was designed especially for him. He had to get in. He just had to.
The lights in the hall dimmed and the sounds of the orchestra diminished along with them. The programmed announcement came on asking the audience members to silence their cell phones, to refrain from flash photography, the works.
. The last thing Sherlock needed right now was something as intense as sex to throw his already miserably disrupted emotions even further off balance. What he needed was sleep and tea, and perhaps some cuddling.
And as though John heard his thoughts, he felt a soft tap on his arm. He opened his eyes to see John staring down at him, eyes soft and concerned.
“He said that he has never felt such a close connection as he does with John… which, I mean, I get it. It’s
, which Mycroft was certain that Sherlock was not prepared to deal with. He didn’t need John making his brother any more stupid decisions than he already was. Goodness, Mycroft might lose his mind. He needed at least one human being who could function in the same way that he did. It would be a lot easier to help Sherlock with his problem without him droning on about John Watson all of the time.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” he asked excitedly. “Let’s start picking out audition pieces! It isn’t too late to apply for next semester!”
“You did fantastic, John! You still got it!” Mike shouted, causing a few heads to turn and look at them. John gave his shy thanks to the few who complimented him on the performance as they passed by.
Sherlock stopped John short with a kiss, this one needy, full of desire. Sherlock’s tongue slid into John’s slightly parted mouth, earning a small moan from the blond underneath him. Sherlock broke away, hardly effected while John was a panting mess underneath him already.
“Do you mind?!” John yelled as Sherlock pushed him through the door to his flat. “How did you even know I was there… how did you find my house? I didn’t tell you where I live!”
John put his phone back on his desk and flopped into his bed. His hands flew up to cover his face and he groaned. What on Earth did he think he was doing? He had papers to write and studying to do. He didn’t have time to go play the piano twice a week.
John lay on the floor of the locker room, beaten bloody and barely awake. His whole body ached, his vision too blurry to make out anything in the dark. He knew he was in the locker room; he was dragged here before Jim started pounding on him. The only things he could hear was Jim’s voice talking over him and the door being slammed. He was too gone to think ‘Sherlock coming to save me.’
John returned his attention to his food. He couldn’t suppress the wild grin on his face. He hadn’t realized just how busy the two of them had been. He hadn’t realized how much…
Both of them satisfied with the day’s events, they were able to tune out most of the night’s chaos that ensued in both of their homes.
“Anyways,” John continued. “What are we playing this time, your highness?” He hoped that Sherlock caught on to how John was attempting to change what was originally an insult into a term of endearment. He owed much of his recent happiness to the man that was standing in front of him, so it made sense that he was dear to him… right?
Sorry it took so long to update! Getting over my last few nerves and re-reading everything a million times.
John quickly melted into the kiss and held onto Sherlock. Sherlock fell deeply into the kiss himself and they both sat there completely enveloped in each other. Sherlock’s long arms wrapped around John’s back while John’s hands moved up to entangle themselves in Sherlock’s dark curls. The kiss seemed to last a life time before they finally came up for air.
“Pardon me, madam, but please allow me to speak to you on Mr. Watson’s behalf. I can assure you that he is nothing but pure talent. Please just let me talk to him and I know that I can get him back on the stage and he’ll play perfectly.”
With that, Sherlock grabbed his phone and left the room. He was indeed thirsty, but the drink was going to have to wait. There is one thing Sherlock knew about John, and that was that he always played better on his own. It needed to be worked on, sure. But… for the live audition, it was exactly what Sherlock needed.
John nodded and took a deep breath. He took note of the first few measures of the piece and closed his eyes. He played the first few notes. They were soft and melancholy; a complete contrast from what was to come. Suddenly the world was melting away around him and all he could hear was the music. He couldn’t even tell if he was moving or if he was hearing the piece in the back of his mind.
John stood up and leapt over to Sherlock’s side, planting a kiss on his temple. “Easy does it, love. Why don’t we eat some dinner? You went through all that trouble just to get it.” John finally stood, rubbing the back of his neck. “You should have woken me up. I could have gone with you to help.”
“Alright, John,” Mike whispered to himself, yanking Mike back towards him. “Let’s get you home, mate.”
John thought back fondly upon the past few years of his life. He’d been so sure of himself when he started medical school. It was where he was meant to go. He looked over towards Sherlock, who was gazing over the menu
While it was Molly’s turn to sit on the phone and wait until her signal dropped, Sherlock finally spoke up.
John still didn’t believe Sherlock. He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, which were full of affection; affection for John. John couldn’t break his gaze no matter how hard he tried. Sherlock smiled slightly as he cupped John’s face and pulled it up to his own, their lips only a few centimeters apart.
They looked into each other’s eyes. John began to blush and he looked down at his lap. Sherlock laughed.
John couldn’t fight the blush that spread through his cheeks as he grabbed a biscuit for himself and sat down on the couch next to Sherlock, leaning into him.
Mycroft untied him, seemingly reluctantly, and Sherlock stood up, rubbing his wrists, which were sore from the rope being tied so tightly. Next, he punched Mycroft in the face, nearly knocking him over.
Dang, I like, really suck at updating. So sorry guys. But, I do have several more chapters more or less pre-prepared, so I do hope to post more frequently until the end of this story.
God, he had missed them more than he was willing to admit. More than he wanted to admit. What was he supposed to do if he got into Julliard? If he missed them this much after being gone for barely a week, how was he supposed to be away from them for months at a time?
Sherlock smiled and looked down at the shorter boy walking next to him. Before they reached John’s house, Sherlock stopped. John turned.
“The very first time I met you, I was fascinated by you. You were pushed on the ground with your papers scattered about the grass, but when I helped you up, there was a spark in your eye and it just attracted me in so many ways. I couldn’t stop thinking about you whenever you were not around. I just thought of that spark I saw, that spark that I
Mike nodded, and with that John ran off and hailed the first cab he could, shuttling off to Baker Street. As soon as he stepped out of the cab, he threw another wad of cash into the cabbie’s hand, insisting he keep however much change was there. With that, John ran inside and up to Sherlock’s flat as quickly as his legs would carry him. He walked in to find a distraught Sherlock, still knelt on the floor, hugging himself. The god forsaken letter lay on the floor, crumpled where Sherlock’s fists had held on to it so tightly. Without saying a word, John fell to his knees next to Sherlock and pulled him into the tightest hug he could muster. He had one hand wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s waist, and he moved the other to card his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He whispered soothing ‘I love you’s’ and tried to convince Sherlock that everything was going to be alright.
“I’m a soon-to-be medical school graduate who just so happens to be the top of my class. I think you can put two and two together from there,” John said, a teasing lilt to his voice as he frantically shuffled through his own stack.
“I can’t help it,” John muttered between chuckles. “You’d think growing up in London would have made it easy for you to adjust to the big apple.”
He never would have guessed that he was 100% right. But when he turned and saw John next to him, his eyes lit up with laughter and happiness, he didn’t want the world to be any other way.
John shifted uncomfortably. “Okay, the staring is really starting to freak me out here, Sherlock,” he said.
It had been almost a week since Molly and John had attacked Juilliard with the force of a thousand phone calls. John still refused to leave Sherlock’s side, but Sherlock had finally convinced him to at least go home and get some more of his clothes and his computer, at the least.
Sherlock began crying again, frustratedly wiping the fresh tears from his eyes. “I know it’s a stupid sentiment, but… I thought that if I could go there, well… I could do the things that he never got to do. I could pay some sort of homage to my brother and sister who didn’t get to live long enough to pursue their dreams to the fullest.”
“If you look along the seam between the sole and the leather you can clearly see that the seam has been repaired, one, two-”
“I love you too.” He replied. Sherlock searched John’s eyes desperately. John was growing concerned rather quickly. “Sherlock, what is wrong?”
“Sherlock Holmes, there is nothing in this universe that Mycroft could say that would make me think differently of you.”
John slammed the door before he could listen to any more of Molly’s protests. His phone immediately started buzzing with frantic texts, so he just put it on silent and dropped it into his pocket.
John gave Sherlock a sad smile. “Well, obviously I’d miss you like crazy. But Sherlock, this is your life here. You can’t put it on hold for anyone. If it’s really what you want…” John paused as he took Sherlock’s hands into his own. “You have to chase your dreams, Sherlock. For you. For me. For everyone who cares about you.”
“Why? That is all he is, isn’t he? I mean, you’ve never used anyone for more than sex. What would make this change of heart?”
John finally looked up to see the face of this stranger. Unfortunately, he wasn’t wearing as much surprise as John had been secretly hoping. Sherlock had dark, brown curls framing his face, and he was wearing a black suit, as though he were currently performing. He held his violin delicately in one hand, and his bow in the other. He had a tall, lanky figure, and the air surrounding him was fogged with his sense of superiority. It made John want to throw up.
“How the hell has that thing not fallen off yet?” John asked, not even bothering to hide his frustration. Sherlock only chuckled in response, sending shivers down John’s spine.
With a last deep breath, John carefully tore the letter open and pulled out the contents. His heart pounded in his chest as his eyes met the welcome brochure that laid under the decision letter. His eyes whipped across the letter, looking for those words he wanted to read more desperately than anything. Begging for his body to get itself under control for
Sherlock blushed, but the frown stayed rooted in his features. “Are you sure? I’m sure Mike and Molly miss you, I pulled you away from your time with them on your first day home. I’m sure they’re worried about you.”
The audience and orchestra alike erupted with laughter. The conductor shot John a bright smile from on stage.
“Dance of the Goblins, Bazzini,” Sherlock said, nonchalantly. “Piano part isn’t too terribly challenging, so you should do fine.”
“I’d love to go on a date with you.” John had blurted the words before he could stop himself. Then it was his turn to blush as he saw Sherlock’s eyes light up in excitement. He wasn’t exactly sure what Sherlock had been so captivated by that compelled him to ask John on a date, but he wasn’t going to fight it. There was no doubt that his being thrust back into the world of music was nothing short of destiny. Had he come across anyone other than Sherlock Holmes himself, he had no doubt that he wouldn’t be finding himself stuck in this crushing debate over what John truly wanted to do for himself.
With that John closed the door and turned to enter his flat. He already heard his parents shouting at each other about bills and other things, which usually led to him getting involved in the arguments. Somehow, the idea of Sherlock kept him at peace through all of this.
They both laughed at Sherlock’s comment. John looked down at his hands and Sherlock continued to look at him.
Today they had been trying for almost two hours to get a recording, but John simply couldn’t keep himself composed for it. In a fit of frustration, he slammed his hands down on the keys and groaned. “I can’t do it Sherlock. I should just withdraw my application. If I can’t even do an audition video, how the
The two men slowly but surely got themselves out of bed and dressed. Their plane for London left at 8 in the evening, which meant that they had just enough time to pack up their things, check out of the hotel, and grab breakfast before they had to be at the airport.
Sherlock felt his heart flutter and his eyes lit up. John laughed. “Well you’re easy to excite, aren’t you?”
John let out a deep sigh. Before he could formulate any sort of response, Sherlock whipped around with a sudden change in attitude. “Come, come. The practice rooms are open for auditionees to use.” Before John could protest, Sherlock had grabbed him by the hand and pulled him out of the hotel room.
“Sherlock, Julliard is just one of so many prestigious music schools. What does it matter if one hoity-toity Dean doesn’t see how perfect you are both as a person and a musician?”
Before the two of them knew it, the day came. They threw their bags into the back of a taxi and shared hugs with Molly and Mike.
Sherlock jumped in front of John and grabbed him by the shoulders. “Deep breaths, love. Deep breaths.”
The next day John woke up without a problem. He got dressed and left the house without a word to either of his parents. He kept his distance from the other students as he made his way to the tube and on to the school. He managed to make it to his locker without being pushed down again. In fact, John felt his day was going exceptionally well until the very end. He was at his locker putting away one of his textbooks when Jim approached him. John turned around and stayed against the lockers. He saw Sherlock shift among the back of the group, but he did not make direct eye contact with him.
“Well, John, I think that was quite adequate for our first play through together,” Sherlock said, turning away from him. “I have a few papers here. Rehearsal schedules and your payment information. You’ll get your check the evening of the performance.”
Shortly after all the excitement, Mike and Molly arrived at the flat with a celebratory dinner in hand. They immediately swarmed John with hugs and congratulations while Sherlock set up the food on the table.
“Everyone back at Bart’s is rooting for ya, John,” Mike started. “But I tell you what, feels like you were gone for ages. It’s really hard on the rest of us when the smartest kid in our class decides he’s always wanted to be a world class pianist instead of a doctor.”
Sherlock looked up at John with sad eyes. "And I have never been more sorry in my life for anything. Seeing you break apart is something I never want to witness again. So if you are willing to accept this poor excuse of an apology... I'd like for us to start over, John."
The opposite is true too, you know. Hours, days, even months can fly by in the blink of an eye. Usually when you want it to fly by the least.
"He's in the room next door," Before Mycroft could say anything else, Sherlock was gone. Mycroft let out another defeated sigh and slowly made his way to the front door and out of the house. Hopefully he could walk off the sharp pain that he felt in his cheek bone. He had barely begun walking when he ran into a jumpy, shorter boy, who dropped several papers he had been holding when he ran into Mycroft. He looked to be about Mycroft's age, maybe a bit younger. He had very short, dirty blonde hair. The boy looked up at him, his face apologetic.
Mike and Molly had followed John outside, their curiosity and concern for their other friend overpowering their willingness to wait inside.
“Don’t you see, John. Sherlock doesn’t care for you. For God’s sake, he asked me to do this to you. I told him and told him, ‘Sherlock, don’t you love him? Why would you ask me to do this?’ But the only thing that lad had to say was ‘Do it.’
They made their way outside and hailed a cab. They were dropped at Baker Street. They wandered along and eventually stopped at a bar, and they spent the next few hours drinking and laughing the night away.
“Until then, he says,” John said followed by an exasperated chuckle. “Bloody git is so damn full of himself, thinking there’s no chance in hell I’ll say no to this.”
“And now I’d like to welcome our soloist to the stage. Now, I don’t want you all to worry if the amazing quality of his performance leads you to faint; our soloist is a doctor, after all.”
John nodded, groggy from sleep. Sherlock lent John a set of his own sleep clothes since John hadn’t been home to get any of his own, and the two of them collapsed into bed within the hour. Despite all of the uncertainties, Sherlock melted into the warmth of John next to him and fell into one of the most restful sleeps he’d ever had.
Sherlock was only pulled from his thoughts when the announcement came on that his flight was beginning the boarding process. He readied his plane ticket and strided towards the gate, unsure of how his legs were carrying him right now. He was really doing this.
It had been over a year since they started dating. Sherlock knew something this good couldn’t have lasted. He hated himself for dragging both him and John through all of this, just to rip it away from both of them.
Well, apparently Sherlock really had his ideas. Because no matter how John insisted that this wasn’t going to work, here they were. Less than 24 hours after their talk, John’s information was already filled out for the undergraduate piano program at Julliard. Sherlock’s hand was on his as they pressed the ‘Submit Application’ button together. John was absolutely shaking. Sherlock held him close, insisting that everything was going to be alright. In the meantime, he helped John start piecing together potential pieces for his audition. He was in constant contact with Greg, asking him all sorts of questions about how the audition process went. He was going to have to submit a video of his prospective live audition piece before he was even called for a live audition. John was growing more and more nervous by the minute, but Sherlock was certain that this was all going to work.
“She should have been more careful. She should know well that stray sheets of music get dropped back there all of the time.”
John and Molly spent the entire afternoon on their phones, taking turns calling the admissions office at Julliard. Since decision letters were starting to get mailed out, it was probably going to take them ages to actually get ahold of someone. The whole being located overseas, 5 hours in the future thing probably wasn’t a great deal of help to them either. Sherlock sat pensively in his chair, sulking while the two of them struggled in vain to contact Julliard’s admissions office.
"Sir. Mister Holmes wisely advised for you to leave. A car will arrive soon and lead you back to your flat, he sends his regrets."
"Sergeant Sally Donovan, only authorised personals can enter this crime scene," Donovan said firmly, "Unless you're a witness, suspect, or you work for the New Scotland Yard you may not enter."
Being the grumpy, boring person he was, and not being in the mood to socialize, he saw a pile of newspapers and asked himself “why not?” choosing one to read.
He heard absolutely nothing from the inside of the abandoned building, so he chanced a glance inside, through one of the least damaged windows: there was nothing to see, except dirt, trash and a bird flying to its nest.
The sloshing of his shoes, as he made his way from the station to uni, made his jaw hurt from clenching.
At lunch, Mike messed up the hair at the top of John’s head as a greeting when he sat down between him and Molly, in front of Lestrade. “Mate, did you stab that Sherlock guy with a pencil, or something? The guy looked like he was in pain or somethin’.”
The few luggage he had had been thrown carelessly into the floor of the hall and he knew he’d have to get some new supplements for his winter wardrobe, taken by how cold he already felt.
Mike sat with him when they shared a class, he had lunch with the group— which included him, Greg, Mike and Molly— when they were all free, and they went back to the pub on Friday night.
Sherlock’s huffs had turned into shouts and John pitied Mrs Hudson. But, above all, he was glad at himself for the experience.
“As I was saying, you and my brother seem to both… attract dangerous situations, so I am using the little free time I have to transport you to Sherlock’s location so you can try to knock some sense into him.”
When there was a knock at the door— strong and enthusiastic, but not hesitant enough to be a client or someone from his homeless network with information— Sherlock knew it was John.
“Oh, yeah, she and Gloria left earlier. They—” but John wasn’t listening anymore, as he caught sight of Anderson— who, in John’s mind, had been marked as ‘the bastard’, which he’d taken a liking to, because he completely deserved it— and his girlfriend Sally laughing as they shook an unopened can of spray paint. How they were so drunk already, John couldn’t be sure, since Anderson’s nose had so much stuff keeping it in place he looked like an exotic bird exposing its beak. He was sure he couldn’t drink much, with that on his face.
John took his chance— as the three people with their backs to him were too focused on Sherlock to notice him— and moved more openly to the window, waving his hand so Sherlock could see him. He knew when it worked, for Sherlock’s frown deepened and his stance shifted into something more aggressive and more defencive, one of the corners of his mouth curling up in a sneer that showed just the length of one fang.
Sherlock gave him a file full of documents with dates and addresses and asked him to read them to see if he noticed some connection. John complied, but was sure he wouldn’t find anything, especially considering the amount of time he spent looking away from the papers and to the mad genius in his concentrated state.
Their legs were in a tangle and Sherlock’s purple shirt— always so composed and tucked into his posh trousers— had just ridden up and given John the prettiest sight yet.
God, was Sherlock in danger? Was he just talking with those people, or was he waiting for the inevitable confrontation where he’d lose three to one?
John was just glad he had it with him. Although he felt very unsettled, knowing someone— one of Mycroft’s minions who could, or not, be vampires— had gone through his things.
“He— he— what does that matter? He only needs to tell me his age if he feels comfortable with it! And how old are
John rolled his eyes at the moody git and traded his pie for the plate of scones, exchanging small talk with Mrs Hudson for a brief moment before following his friend, not wanting to be held accountable for whatever that miserable pie did to the poor woman.
“Pleasure, dear. My name is Martha Hudson, and it’s that house just over there,” she said, a couple of streets over, pointing to a building by a cafe—
Sherlock had even told him he was living there because it was better to hide in plain sight, because it attracted less attention and all. John adored that big brain of his. He just hoped he hadn’t screwed up with it with that kiss.
Sherlock moved so fast, John struggled to see it happen. One second he was up, the next he had the file his brother had brought and was, once again, sitting by John’s side.
He couldn’t be bothered to care, though, since he was actually okay with it and he hadn’t gotten any action since he’d entered uni and needed to get a leg over, sooner rather than later.
“And you are?” John spoke, fist clenched at his side as the memory of the scent of Sherlock’s hair vanished into a distant memory, suddenly irated that someone had interrupted their— well, he wasn’t sure if it was a moment, but he was still mad.
“You’re his brother, yes, I got that. But what do you want from me? Are you going to threaten to break both my legs if I hurt him? Because I think he’d do it first.”
It was, after all, an enormous hidden market in their community— there was always someone who needed to disappear when people got too suspicious of fifty year olds who still didn’t look a day over twenty.
The constant sound of rain and wind against his window, as well as the honking of cars outside. It was a sea of black and ever changing lights, with waves being the taxis and respective drivers that outnumbered everyone else. The fog altered the light that entered through the small window near his head, turning it a sick yellow that had nothing on the unbroken sun of his home; it blocked his view and reminded him of a cage that was built to turn him into an exhibition. When the rain finally quieted, he didn’t have it in him anymore to go back to sleep, so he simply got up and ready for the first day of his suffering.
So, once again, he used the phrase “Will definitely be there”, which sounded generic enough in his mind to not hurt anyone, but, at the same time, not like he was promising anyone anything. Like he’d done— and fucked up royally by doing so— before, with Mary.
“John, dear,” his Aunt called from the kitchen. He heard the familiar sound of her mixing something— most likely preparing a dessert he’d appreciate very much later, and take some so Mike could try it. He walked over to her, leaning against the counter and, sneakily, dipping his finger on the brown dough and tasting it, feeling contentedness flow through his body at the taste of dark chocolate. “Could you go to the store and buy me these?” She asked, passing him a small list she’d handwritten. “I don’t need them right now, but I’ll probably need them for dinner tomorrow night. And the almonds can just be store brand. When you buy from a real brand, that’s how they get you— you have to pay attention to the prices.” John wasn’t sure who ‘they’ were, but disagreeing didn’t seem like a wise option.
, he’ll know what it means,” he said, gesturing wildly with his hands and dropping the can, joining her with laughter as he picked it up again, supporting his drunken weight on her.
Mycroft had made Sherlock look into the whole thing thinking it was an attempt at uncovering  and exposing the existence of their people, but with less than a day of searching Sherlock had discovered a path that connected the murders to someone that was, in fact, part of the community.
With Sherlock going back and forth from his place on the floor to the wall— the one with the face— where he’d glue some cut out from a photograph or some information about a suspect or the victims.
After a few more futile attempts at offering John money, Sherlock was practically buzzing with confidence on his John— on John. Bloody hell.
Except at that moment he was too focused on the tingling feeling rushing through his hand and up his arm, its point of origin was the fading memory of fingertips which had held his wrist so firmly and released it without looking back. God, what was wrong with him?
Mycroft had even added the opportunity for Sherlock to help with the interesting cases the government was too out of its depth to solve, if only Sherlock managed to return to sobriety.
After Rugby practice, where he got to meet the team and adjust to the level of brutality, he followed Greg Lestrade to meet up with Mike. He was truthfully a standup lad and the only other first year in the team. The youngest person after them was a second year named Philip Anderson, who struck the wrong nerve without any particular reason. John would try to keep the man on his good side for the sake of the team, but he would keep an eye out.
He crossed paths with the girl from his other class, Mary, and she waved at him. They’d texted briefly, and he was sure she was going to ask him out sooner or later. If she didn’t, he would.
Mycroft had said they’d leave London if Sherlock compromised their position, so he was doing his best to stay. He didn’t particularly love being in uni, considering he already knew everything he needed to know and the only good thing he took from it were the labs, as well as the occasional sneak into a class that wasn’t his so he could correct the teachers.
His bad mood had only to do with what Anderson had said, and he knew he should’ve let it go by then, but it bothered him immensely to
He couldn’t let his John— John? He wasn’t sure what applied anymore: had the hesitancy in John’s actions meant he’d regret everything later? Go back to some dull blonde, who giggled too much? Or was he
And the awkward conversation over tea continued, until his phone started ringing inside his pocket. It was his Aunt Charlotte.
His hips gave an involuntary trust forward and he stopped, Sherlock’s lower lip trapped between his lips.
John turned around, slowly, and tilted his head up and up and up until he met a pair of eyes he still could not— for the love of him— bloody describe. “Yeah, no, sorry. I should just—”
That was exactly when John— Sherlock had to find out his middle name— Watson made his deathbed: he appeared on the window, waving at Sherlock to catch his attention and probably trying to get himself completely slaughtered.
“Well, brother mine, I came here to give you some more information for your case, but you seem rather busy.” He pretended to move away.
The rest of the day passed in about the same fashion. After some classes, he started to recognize  several of the faces in his course and similar ones. There were always braver girls in some groups who dared to approach him and flirt, or even share mobile numbers, which he accepted with delight. Mary, the girl from the first lecture, he found out, was majoring in Pharmacy, so they wouldn’t share many classes.
“Thanks, man,” John said, and probably interrupted Mike’s explanation of the girls’ whereabouts, but his mind wasn’t in the right place. Mike wasn’t offended, anyhow, so John just made his way outside, where he saw Anderson and Sally already down the street. The breeze that hit his face was so refreshing, he couldn’t be bothered to think a single bad thought towards London.
John breathed a deep sigh and repeated the process of walking silently to the warehouse on the other side.
And— had Mycroft just called John stupid? John’s bravery was by far his strongest and most alluring feature. Nothing stupid about it.
Plus, a teenage girl would be delighted to have her boyfriend push her up against a table and have his way with— what the hell was he thinking?
They moved from that to some doubts Mike had on one of his chairs and parted ways, John and Greg going to the pitch. Coach Kim made them do laps and, for every person that arrived late it would be an extra ten pull ups per minute they weren’t there.
don’t try to help me and stay away from danger! You will get yourself killed and that — well, at best that will leave Molly too sad to be an efficient lab partner,” he rambled, looking at John with an expression that, most likely, was an attempt at intimidating him, but failed miserably, looking out of sorts, instead. “I have to go. You— you better stay here, you are about to be invited to something so dull I won’t care to even voice it.” With that— and once again John was left open-mouthed at how he could know so much about everyone and be bloody
Thank you for reading!! Sorry if there are lots of mistakes!! I'll post the beta'd version when I can!
John chuckled, getting up as he listened to the slight thump of an umbrella against each step. Of course Sherlock’s brother had to be almost royalty.
She was so unfocused that it didn’t seem to affect her mood in the least. She simply patted his arm and went in search of another drink, stopping to chat with her friends. He clearly heard the word “boyfriend” being thrown around.
John went downstairs, not minding having an awkward conversation with a posh vampire if it meant he’d get to see that smile spreading across Sherlock’s face again.
Mycroft had done nothing more than talk. He’d offered Sherlock some options and delivered some important facts: such as the fact— which Sherlock had forgotten, much to his dismay— that after becoming a being as he was, he could achieve the knowledge he’d always coveted.
“Oh,” John said, chuckling. “Sorry about that, man.” He wasn’t exactly afraid, but the bloody man was seriously taller than John had first realized. “You’re Sherlock, right? I’m John. John Watson,” he said, extending a hand.
The last thing he heard, before stepping into the path that would lead him to the warehouses, was Mycroft telling his minion— probably the woman, who he addressed as Anthea— they’d go to some fancy club, next.
That had definitely been a horrid day. He’d gotten really good at living amongst normal people. They were all idiots who refused to
Mycroft finally spoke, his words steady. Clearly each syllable was controlled and thought-through. There wasn’t a single breath out of place with that man. He’d probably planned everything in advance.
John was only allowed to be in the line of danger if a case presented itself as less than a nine, and he would never accept anything under a five unless he were really bored, so the line of cases John knew about was really small, for his own protection. Well, truthfully, Sherlock allowed John to
A lot of people fantasized about living in the big city, about living the famous London life in the busy streets which are covered in a near-constant blanket of clouds. Most people had the stupid idea that London was so precious every famous person would just be walking down the streets with shopping bags in hand and welcoming whoever approached them for a friendly conversation. It probably rained more there than in the entire continent of Europe. It was exactly from such a suffocating, gloomy place his father had tried to escape from, taking John and his sister, Harry, when their mother had died.
His mind, anyway, became occupied with an elderly lady who was struggling with her grocery bags: crouching down to pick up a bottle of something that had fallen, but making a pained face when either her hips or knees refused to go any lower.
When he got to his Aunt’s house that evening, she was happily chatting on the phone, presumably with a friend. John was halfway to his room when she called his name, hand covering the underside of the phone and proving his assumption wrong— it was most definitely not a friend on the phone, “Come ‘ere and say hi to your grandmother.”
As soon as Sherlock had asked him for help, John had been suspicious. The only thing he could help Sherlock regarding his cases was by standing there shooting praises as Sherlock analysed some file or picture, or to tell him how long the body had been dead, judging by a picture of the person’s fatal wound. Sometimes even by softening any interaction Sherlock had with people.
The guys went out to a bar they seemed to be acquainted with and drank a pint while watching the game. John loved football, but by the end of the night he wasn’t exactly sure who was playing or the score. Loads of other people from uni were gathered there as well, and they were all introduced, although John forgot all of their names as soon as they were spoken.
He couldn’t possibly know, sure, but it was irritating to fight his urges to feed when they got too close.
“John brought you a pie.” He pointed to John’s hands, then turned and continued his way up the stairs. “Hurry along, John.”
He took a deep breath before walking inside, forcing his feet to move and his head to stay up. Confidence was half of success, his mother used to say, alongside a soft caress to his cheek as the doctors wheeled her into her treatment room and she always held her chin up high.
“Aunt Charlotte said you could come visit anytime you want, you know,” he whispered. Then elbowed her ribs, jokingly.
John chuckled and considered his options, but he wasn’t in the mood to explain, so he simply answered, “Maybe.”
Mycroft had asked for his assistance, as the fat bastard was too busy discussing peace treaties with some overseas groups of individuals of their species, to solve the whole problem with whoever was trying to blow their cover by murdering people in the most obvious way possible: draining them of blood by two punctures to the neck.
Every once in a while, John would point out some idea he had or just a joke and— even if not very often— Sherlock would leap to his feet and shout in joy, calling John a variation of “conductor of light” and change some things around in his chaotic diagram.
The big question mark in his puzzle, the missing piece that would connect all missing pieces, was: why now?
Sherlock was aware of John’s presence from the moment he had stepped out of the car. He’d kept up with each breath and each step John had taken and had used them to ground himself.
There was a nice girl there that seemed to be friends with Mike and Lestrade: Molly Hooper, John thought her name was, but his head was too fuzzy for him to comprehend anything too complex.
He was exiting the library, avoiding anyone that stood too close, walking by himself. He seemed to be talking to himself, or at least his lips were moving in a rapid manner, too fast for John to even try to understand. Under his arm, he had at least three different chemistry textbooks with as many pages as, Jesus, probably the old testament. None of those things were what caught John's attention, though. No, what caught, and held, his attention was how unique the man looked: everyone in London was pale, but this boy was near translucent; his hair, curly, was so dark it became unrealistic; and the only thing longer than those cheekbones were the legs that appeared out of the small opening of his long coat.
The living room of the flat was complete chaos: there was a yellow, smiley face spray-painted on the wall; the only part of the floor not covered in stacks of documents was by the table— it looked like someone had pushed them around into a bigger pile to vacant a single, small place; the only piece of furniture not covered in books and other files was one of the arm chairs— the red one; and, as John moved over to where it joined the kitchen, he could see it was no different, going by the number of experiments adorning the space.
He sighed and rose to his feet, opening his notebook by the desk— unmoved since he had last left; Mrs Hudson had cleaned everything else except for the desk, thinking he wouldn’t notice if he were too lost in a case— where he’d left off and continued with his experience.
John pushed himself off the door and led Sherlock over to the couch, pulling at his hair and pulling himself on his tip toes so he could coax Sherlock’s mouth open with his tongue. A soft buzz flew through his spine and he felt Sherlock’s tongue touch his for the first time and he couldn’t help but let his body relax as they sank down to the piece of furniture.
He himself got home and, before even taking off his shoes, was opening the fridge and eating any leftovers he could find, being lucky enough to find one of Aunt Charlotte’s unfinished pies. He’d have to go shopping for the poor woman, if he wanted her to keep cooking for him. It would be inhuman to force her to carry the groceries by herself.
“OH! I’ve read about this one. Someone is killing people vampire style.” He still wasn’t sure how uncomfortable it made Sherlock whenever he used the word vampire, but he let it slide.
Before he knew it— and his mind was a little fuzzy with the beer, so his movements were just as sloppy as hers— she had her tongue down his throat. She tasted weird— of alcohol missed with something sour— but he held onto her waist with one hand and her neck with the other, kissing deeper.
“Haven’t we already discussed how things between Sherlock and I are none of your business? Maybe I imagined being threatened by a thousand year old vampire yesterday.”
Aunt Charlotte wished him good luck when he left, still rolling over one of her overly dry scones in his mouth.
“Hm?” he asked her, too distracted to really care, organizing the piles of files: there was the confidential pile, which had information that he’d considered too dangerous for John to know; the pile he thought John would be able to help with— which meant John would be able to understand and would be too boring for Sherlock— and the pile of files that John could look at but would understand nothing of.
The other ones had become more alert faster than Sherlock could’ve even thought to stop it. That was the burden they carried: senses so sharp, they took over sometimes.
“Then allow me to extrapolate an answer,” he paused and gave John a pointed look. “You followed my dear brother for weeks on end; then proceeded to force your way into his life like a parasite, until you became somewhat… friends; then you start hanging out every day and solving crimes together. Might I expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
He wasn’t even sure how he’d let himself become so distracted by the solving of a crime inside his head he hadn’t noticed someone walking towards him. Distracted enough to
He kept his face hidden by his hood as he made his way through the crowd of students, most of whom looked no older than him. He didn’t stand out, he noted with relief, closing his fingers around the dogtags that acted as a safety blanket around his neck, their weight reminding him everything would eventually turn out fine. They’d been his goodbye gifts from his grandfather when he’d announced his acceptance into UCL.
“What. Do you. Want?” His finger jabbed his way into the man’s chest in a way that hurt the finger more than anything, but it was worth it to prove a point.
“What d’you want?” he spit out. He had told Sherlock that Mr Government needed to get laid and he wasn’t opposed to saying just as much to the man’s face.
“Don’t fuck too many girls and forget to study, stupid,” she spat, low enough so their father wouldn't overhear, as they said their final goodbyes at the train station. John hoped she could survive with their father seeking happiness at the end of a bottle. Especially after she’d told him, before they’d left the house, about the way she felt about women, instead of men. He’d done his best to support her, having absolutely no prejudice or negativity toward gay people, but he knew she’d try to escape the house as soon as she was old enough, because no one else would show her their support on the matter.
and John’s, from the questions answered up to then, was someone alive, female and moderately famous. He was beginning to suspect Sherlock had no idea who he’d chosen for John’s.
“Why do some humans kill? Why aren’t all humans peace advocates? I usually assume the reason is to make my life less dull.”
So he lowered his mouth onto the pink, elevated skin and sucked and bit at it until his jaw hurt and he could only lick at the unchanging skin.
In a leap of limbs and clothes, John fell to the floor— his bum hitting a stack of files and papers— as Sherlock attempted to appear nonchalant. John could only pant, undecided between smirking or composing himself in search of some dignity.
Then, however, he was sure that, as long as he didn’t pry on anything too personal, he could take a quick look around. Just to see if there were unexpected books laying around, or some old pictures of Sherlock when he was younger— how John longed to see a cute, baby Sherlock! He was sure Sherlock had been cute and chubby.
As Mycroft scoped out the premises he found the group of students he was looking for. He remembered Sherlock talking nonsense about a boy named Jim and his group would constantly follow him around during school. Sherlock had said he was rather large, and rather dumb.
He slid down with his back against the wall, sobbing harder. “I never asked to meet you, Sherlock. Damnit, I never
Molly nodded gratefully, but she couldn’t refrain from peering over John’s shoulder while he browsed.
Sherlock laughed and let his head fall back against the cool tiles on the wall, his smile distant, but full of joy. “That’s what you do best, isn’t it? You always blow everyone away.”
John let out a sigh of relief and moved his hand up to his neck. He felt a bump and rubbed it. “What’s this?”
Tbh John is me irl b/c I have like, no confidence in my ability as a musician which sucks because I've been playing for 8 years and I feel like I should be better than I am. And then the people around me are my Sherlock b/c they're all like "but you're so good stop being so hard on yourself"
Sherlock planted a soft kiss on John’s head. “And, might I add, you’re playing it flawlessly. So, you really have nothing to be worried about.”
Sherlock turned his gaze to the ground. He looked like he was working very hard to find the right words to use. John watched him. After a few moments Sherlock returned his gaze to John and cleared his throat.
John decided to tune him out and focus solely on the piano in front of him. His hands pressed into the keys, and the song almost seemed to play itself in front of him. John completely lost himself.
Sherlock stared back at John with an intensity that he’d never seen before. “John, I have no interest in attending a school that is unable to see what immense talent you possess. I could just as well attend a graduate program somewhere closer to home in London.”
“Ah, good, you’re early,” he said, standing up and walking towards John, clapping his hands together. “Firstly, I want to thank you again for taking the time to do this with me. I really can’t express my gratitude.”
bad at this game,” John said softly, unable to hide the laugh in his voice. “I mean, you have to be trying to lose.”
Although, tonight, Sherlock was not studying. He didn’t even go near his experiment table. He sat down in his chair and he thought about John. He thought about how John took his breath away when he first saw him. He thought about how angry he felt when Jim kept trying to bully him. He remembered how panicked he was when Jim actually landed a few punches on John. He remembered how much he enjoyed John’s company. John was the first person he had ever met who would willingly sit through his long, confusing stories about his experiments and not question him more than once.
Sherlock took John’s hand from his mouth and gave it a reassuring squeeze before planting a gentle kiss to his palm. “John, I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life. If this school doesn’t take you on a full scholarship like they’ve taken me, then I’m not sure that they can continue to claim that they teach the finest musicians.”
“Stop sulking over people helping you, it comes off more selfish than selfless,” Molly scolded, not taking her eyes off the screen.
He picked up his violin and played. He swore he could hear John just behind him accompanying him. Before he knew it the piece was over and he was bowing before turning and walking off the stage.
“You don’t do that to people… you don’t point out all of their flaws and make them feel horrible, do you? Are you really like him? Like that?!”
Molly gave him a soft smile before leaning down to give him a hug. “Everything will work out. Keep your eyes on your inbox, and you’ll have answers soon enough.” She stood up and adjusted the bag that was slung over her shoulder. “Until then, don’t waste time. Take John and do something fun with each other before life starts dragging you in different directions again.”
Jim was trying desperately to speak loud enough to cover up the loud pounding on the door, but John was so badly beaten. He knew he wouldn’t be able to make much sense of anything going on.
John gave Molly a worried look. “You should definitely go see a doctor. If it is broken, you want to get it set and casted as soon as possible.”
“Meeting you is what made me realize that my dream didn’t lie in medicine like I thought for so many years… you were right, as you probably usually are… I
Sherlock kept his gaze locked on the ground. John pulled him into another kiss. “Do you understand?”
He noticed that he had a voicemail notification that had been sitting in his inbox all afternoon. He hadn’t looked at his phone but once or twice to tell the time while they were at John and Mike’s flat. He opened it up and noticed that it was an American phone line.
“I am returning a call I received from you a few hours ago. My name is Sherlock Holmes, and I’m calling about my application status.”
“Shut up and accept the fact that you’re talented, please?” He gave Sherlock a sweet kiss before standing up and walking back to the kitchen. “Let’s celebrate with some dinner, yeah?”
"Okay, okay, fine," John said, stepping outside and closing the door. The last thing he needed was this git to make a scene.
John and Sherlock held intense eye contact with each other throughout those few seconds. Those few seconds that had stretched themselves into entire minutes.
John couldn’t help how his heart fluttered slightly at all of the compliments. “You’re sure you aren’t just in it for the bonding?” he teased.
Eventually Sherlock clambered through the front door of his flat, followed by John carrying his luggage. Sherlock gently set his violin down on a table and proceeded to flop onto his couch. He felt absolutely miserable, and he had no idea why. Was this what travelling did to people? No wonder he didn’t do it much. He was tired and anxious and he wanted nothing more than to fall asleep in John’s arms.
can feel it. If someone as dull as that boy toy of yours can figure it out, then of course everyone else can.”
“I got mugged,” John held up a hand stopping them from making any outbursts. “I’m fine, Sherlock’s landlady found me and the police were called.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, no… I’m, I’m… I always acted so full of myself because everyone in the London scene knew me. But, Juilliard, where the greatest of the greats go to learn music? Well, why would some London nobody like me ever get a chance there?”
“No, Sherlock. I wish it was, but it isn’t. Money is already tight. I’ll have to get a job once I’m finished. My time as a musician has, unfortunately, come to an end. At least professionally. I’m sure I’ll never give up the piano completely, but that is a dream that has come and gone.”
“Let’s move in together,” John blurted out. The darkness swallowed up the words and left the two of them breathless, motionless, making sure that they’d heard John right. That John had really said what he just said. Out loud. At almost midnight.
John had been pacing the hotel room until this point. He had just barely removed the headphones from his head since they first boarded the plane back in London. Sherlock was sat down on the bed, watching John intensely.
“As you’re aware, in about six months I’m going to be done with the program at The Royal Academy. And, as you’re also aware, I intend to continue my studies and earn a doctorate in musical studies.”
“Goodnight, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, softly closing Sherlock’s door. Sherlock placed his biscuit back on the plate and fell back on the couch. Soon enough sleep had washed over him.
“I had to play it for a recital in high school; it’s one of the best pieces I’ve ever played…” John said softly, turning around on the piano stool. “I’m surprised I was able to play it so decently.”
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. “You’ve been more than thinking about it, John Watson. That’s your dream isn’t it? To be in the army; to save lives.”
“Don’t test me, Holmes,” John spat, his voice cold. Sherlock threw his hands up in playful surrender.
Sherlock sat down, smoothing the wrinkles out of his jumper, the embarrassment apparent on his face with his cheeks flushed as red as a tomato. John couldn’t help the smile that decorated his face.
"Sorry, Sherlock, could you help me bandage these properly?" John asked awkwardly, motioning towards his arms. "I haven't been able to for two weeks..."
He let his phone slip out of his hand and thud against his desk, and he leaned back in his chair, groaning. He threw his hands over his arm over his face. A small part of him wasn’t sure why he was so nervous. John would never ever tell him to not go after something he truly wanted.
thing. I knew I wasn’t good enough, that’s why I stopped playing! I was never going to be good enough to make a career out of this.”
John and Mike were out day drinking; there wasn’t really any special occasion, but they decided to use “because it’s Wednesday, and we still have half of a week to get to the weekend” as their excuse. Just as they were getting deep into their conversation about women and absurd medical practices, Mike got a phone call from their friend Molly.
Sherlock’s breath hitched as his phone buzzed. He and Mycroft were playing a late-night game of deductions.
. Two, you did the same thing to John. Three, you have been a complete arseholes for the past few months, and you deserved it.”
John’s breath hitched. “They… they’re waiting? But I stormed off… surely they would have marked me down as disqualified or something.”
“I-I didn’t think you’d ever be interested in me that way…I mean, I’m nothing special,” John said quietly.
They both fell silent and put on their headphones, listening to their respective pieces. They continued conversing on and off between sleeping and eating throughout the flight, and eventually they touched down at the JFK airport in New York. He made his way, barely, to the car rental station, and soon he was on the road headed towards his hotel. He made arrangements for a campus tour the next day, so he had all of today to sleep. Because good heavens, he was going to need it.
Sherlock and Mycroft wrestled for the phone. It buzzed once more. Sherlock finally ripped it out of Mycroft’s hands.
Sherlock’s mum entered the front hall and smiled. “Oh, don’t worry John, I understand. I just want you to feel at home here.”
"Well, you do know that those poor excuses for detectives would get nowhere without the help of my brother and I, right?"
John looked at her like she’d suddenly grown three more heads. “You do remember that he tried to get you to keep playing on a broken wrist, right?”
The rest of the walk was actual date planning mixed in with Sherlock continuously picking on John and he was sure he wouldn’t stop blushing for the next 2 years of his life.
“Crap,” he whispered, moving through several various stretches in an effort to alleviate the pain in his shoulders and his back. “Sherl, you stayed here all night?” he asked sleepily, turning to the man half-sitting, half-lying next to him. Sherlock laid with his head thrown back, his mouth thrown open. He awoke with a startled snore, his messy curls falling in his face as he jolted upwards. He grunted and brought a hand to his neck.
“Damnit!” he shouted, kicking the door a final time. Sherlock frantically ran around looking for an alternate entrance into the locker room. After having no luck, he resumed crashing into the main door. Nothing was going to stop him from getting to John. He just hoped that he wasn’t going to be too late.
Mycroft, against all popular opinions and evidence, did care about his brother. He would never admit it, of course. Making oneself vulnerable in such a way is exactly why so many people were as offset as they were. He knew that this John Watson was bad news for his brother. John appeared to have several,
After a few minutes, John stood, concerned. Sherlock had been standing there with his mouth agape for almost a full minute, the color rushing to his cheeks.
He turned and locked eyes with the tall brunet that stood a few feet away from them. He held a more modest bouquet in one hand, and a small box of chocolates in the other. John felt his heart soar at the gesture. Molly finally released him so he could move to embrace Sherlock.
Sherlock finally looked up from his menu and met John’s gaze. John must have been sporting some dangerous heart eyes, because he watched as a blush crawled from his cheeks up to the tip of his ears.
!” he shouted, standing up and throwing his arms into the air for emphasis. “How do people live like this?”
Oh my gosh, so sorry. College is nuts. I promise I'm gonna write a literal ton this weekend so I have reserves to pull from in the event that I hit a road block and can't write for a while.
The more thoughts that spiraled through John’s head, the more he drank. Eventually, a bartender was shoving him towards the door. Something about ‘we’re closed, go home.’
“John?” he asked cautiously, walking into the restroom and letting the door close behind him. “It’s me, love. Please talk to me. What happened?”
As soon as he paid the cab driver, he hopped out and ran up to John’s door. He probably knocked much louder than was necessary, but he didn’t care.
John remained silent as he regarded Sherlock’s statements. “I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to fall into the music as well as you do. I haven’t been totally immersed in it like you have.”
John couldn’t help bursting out into laughter. Sherlock whipped around to face him, regarding him with shock at first. He wanted to scowl at his boyfriend laughing at his misfortune, but his face quickly lit up into excitement, betraying him.
“Have you seen the amount of issues John Watson has, Sherlock? That is the last thing you need. You have your own problems to deal with!”
"Oh my goodness, John! Oh, thank goodness, thank goodness, thank goodness you're alright! Where have you been! Oh, I've been worried sick, John, why didn't you tell anyone where you were?"
Sherlock gave a particularly rough squeeze, earning a pained yelp from the man sitting in front of him.
John shook his head. “I’m telling you, you guys are hyping me up for nothing spectacular. After that audition, I… I’ll be lucky if they even do a double-take at my application.”
As promised, about an hour later there was a knock at Sherlock’s door. He opened it to see John, worry hiding behind his smile as he leaned in to hug Sherlock.
John gave Sherlock a slight smile. His phone began to vibrate in his pocket. He took it out and the screen read ‘Mum.’
“So, John, if you were to end your life, which I surely hope you wouldn’t, how exactly would you do it?”
There was a small bit of commotion on the other end. “Oh, I have to go, rehearsal is starting soon. Thanks again, John, I owe you!”
As soon as Sherlock had barely made it into his flat, his brother Mycroft was already on his case about his new friend.
John’s face fell immediately. It was… his fault? He was the reason Sherlock didn’t get into Julliard?
For those of you who aren't reading my other fic in the works, I've developed some sort of posting schedule for myself so I'm not going weeks and weeks at a time without updating anything.
John blushed furiously, nodding and pulling his legs in where he sat in an effort to hide his shame. “M’fine. No need to worry about me. Just relax.”
“And…” John continued, planting a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s left hand. “You were also right when you said… it is never too late to chase after your dreams. So, I’m going to chase after my dreams. And I expect you to do the same.”
Sherlock sighed. “Well, before I go into it, might I remind you that this is completely theoretical and I guarantee that you are going to get called in for a live audition. But, if you somehow
“Let go of what?!” John shouted, standing up from his seat. Sherlock took a step back, flinching slightly at how angry John was. “I have nothing to let go of Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re telling me to do!”
John rolled over to face Sherlock. “What do you mean by that? Is this going to insult me?” he asked, his voice flat.
"Well, Mr. Holmes, go ahead and make yourself at home. John, darling, go wash your face up and pull on some clean clothes. I'll make you boys some tea," Mrs. Watson said, walking to the kitchen.
"Well, that night, when you texted me, Mycroft and I were in the same room. That's why it took so long for me to text back in the first place. Obviously, my brother being the obnoxious git he is, realized it was you who had texted me as soon as I took out my phone. He said I "get this sparkle in my eye when it's you" so I left the room so I could text you back. That was when I had told you that I wished that we could be together, but we couldn't. I felt horrid as soon as I hit send. I was relieved when you texted me saying that you loved me. I decided right there that I was going to tell you that I loved you as well. I wasn't going to let Mycroft control me. But before I could type out the message, Mycroft came into the room and he tried to get the phone out of my hand. He's the one who sent the whole "sorry for the inconvenience" message. After that, I just... I didn't know what to do. I just dropped my phone and left the room. Mycroft kept trying to convince me that it was for my own good, but I just... I just..." Sherlock couldn't find the words to use, so he just fell silent, his head in his hands, his breath shaky and his eyes wet with tears.
"The first day I saw him, Mycroft. He was pushed around numerous amounts of times, but he... he just kept going. He fought his way through life, he kept everything bottled in and just kept going. He somehow reminded me of myself. At first I thought he was just going to be a very close friend, but then I realized, that wasn't what I was actually thinking at all. I found myself getting lost in his eyes, or sometimes he would catch me staring at him, and I realized that I was quickly falling in love with him. Slowly he began opening up to me, telling me everything about his life. He told me he hurt himself sometimes because it wasn't easy holding everything inside. Sorry, I'm rambling…but there is just something within John. He always puts everyone else before himself… He's kind, he's handsome, and he's one of the only people on this planet who didn't think I was a complete arse after I did a full scale deduction on him. Can you believe it Mycroft, he actually told me that it was amazing. I think that might have been when it started. He told me that I was amazing, and I had never really been told that before. In truth, Mycroft, I think why I like John so much is because I've realized that we're both rather isolated in the world. But when we have each other, the rest of the world doesn't really seem to matter… and when you have someone who makes you feel so complete like that, Mycroft, it isn't a very easy thing to just get up and leave them behind. Especially when you know that they depend on you as much as you depend on them."
After a few more failed attempts at getting John to stand up, Sherlock picked him up bridal style and carried him into the sitting room. He laid John down on the couch and sat in the chair across from him. Once John had finally come to, Sherlock told him everything that had happened. Once John had more or less wrapped his brain around the whole situation, the two of them stood up and went to take a taxi back to John's house.
All it took was one gorgeous stranger to come into his life and completely uproot everything John had ever thought he understood.
Sherlock used his hands to motion a deep breath in and out. He mouthed ‘I love you’ and ushered John towards the stage.
Sherlock brewed some tea and heated up some biscuits. After they ate, John sat and twiddled his fingers together, unsure of what he was supposed to do. Alright… he was in the attractive violinist’s apartment, he’d slept there. Said attractive violinist saved him from a mugging, apparently. What the hell was supposed to happen next?
John and Sherlock have returned to the UK from the United States, and Sherlock has news waiting for him.
With that, even shakier hands pulled the phone away from his ear and hit the end button. It was then, and only then, that Sherlock burst into tears. Relief, adrenaline, excitement had all built up and been released so quickly. He barely even noticed when John’s arms wrapped around him, his soothing voice whispering soft ‘I love you’s and ‘I’m so proud of you’s. Sherlock turned to face him and pulled him over the back of the chair, kissing him with fervor.
John let out a stifled laugh. "It's a bit late to be trying to clear this all up, isn't it, Sherlock?"
A blush flooded Sherlock’s cheeks. “Please… you can call me Sherlock, you know. I figure we are well past the first name basis.”
Sherlock had walked quietly into the backstage area. He looked out at the judges. John’s time was well up, but they weren’t stopping him. Instead they watched in complete awe, probably unsure of how this was still the same pianist in front of them. He felt tears of pride well in his eyes as he watched John playing. He didn’t know if he had lit a fire in John or if this was a long time coming, but whatever had happened he thanked whatever deity that was watching over them for it. Because he wasn’t sure he’d ever heard John play like this before. Even though he was alone in the center of that large stage, he owned it as though he were a full symphony orchestra. The auditorium was filled with such incredible sounds that he’d never heard before.
“It’s alright. I’m sure its just because you’ve been so tired. We’ll make sure you get better sleep tonight, I promise.”
John couldn’t help the slight blush the covered his cheeks, but even then, he was still incredibly eager to leave.
“When you’re next up, it will be good to warm-up but there is no sense in full intensity practicing at this point. This is as good as you’re going to play for the audition.”
He looked up in the mirror and couldn’t help but beam at his reflection. His first performance as a professional musician… and he absolutely
“We weren’t really friends. He was just a last resort because there was no way I could’ve stayed in my house for the past two weeks.”
“Ah, ah, ah, don’t you dare start with that nonsense,” Sherlock started matter-of-factly. “You played phenomenally, and they didn’t even stop you at the end of your time slot. They
Mike and Molly gave John a worried look as he answered the phone, leaving the table to step outside.
"Shrrrloock?" John asked, his voice slurred. The drugs must have not completely worn off yet. Once Sherlock had gotten John untied, he helped John stand and let him hang on to him.
John just laughed and listened as Sherlock continued weaving stories about how much of a genius he was. That was basically the routine nowadays.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock,” he said once they had made it upstairs. “I’d like to keep my arm in the socket!”
“Sorry, sorry,” John said, finally silencing the alarm. “I just didn’t want us to sleep through dinner.”
“Did you run into any other pianists? Did you hear them play? I’m sure none of them were as good as you, though.”
“What exactly did he say to you, Molly?” Mike asked, his voice tinged with anger. It was going to take a lot to hold him back the next time he met Sherlock face-to-face. Mike had always been very protective of Molly, especially when it came to Sherlock.
Regardless of the type of silence, Sherlock still played beautifully. Once again, John had to remind himself that it was probably quite rude to stare at Sherlock this way, but he could hardly help it. The piano part was easy enough, and eventually John didn’t even have to keep his eyes on the music. So, he got to keep his eyes on the interesting part.
With another frustrated groan, John pulled the covers over himself and eventually fell into an uneasy sleep.
Sherlock shrugged, turning his attention back to the food he was in the middle of serving. “Even then, it doesn’t matter if you’re world-renowned or not. Your recorded audition made an excellent first impression and they fought for you with all they had. They know you’re a special one, John Watson. And they know it would be a grave mistake to wave you off as an average musician.”
“Whenever you’re ready, Mr. Watson,” came a voice from the judges’ table. John gave a curt nod, but he wasn’t sure if they’d even seen. After what felt like ages, John raised his shaking hands to the piano keys and he began to play.
After that Sherlock stormed up to his bedroom and shut himself in his room for the night. His mother called him once as an attempt to get him to join the family for dinner, but she did not call again. She knew that once Sherlock was enveloped in his studies, it was almost impossible to get him out of them until the next morning.
Wednesday arrived much quicker than John had anticipated. He again arrived almost a half hour early for the rehearsal, but to his surprise, Sherlock was already there.
“I love you John. When I’m alone, all I can think about is you. And how I hope you are okay, and how I hope that you aren’t hurting yourself. Because the thought of you hurting yourself just scares me; I’d be lost without you, John.”
“Oh John, I knew you could do it!” Molly said excitedly. “I’m so excited for you! How are you feeling?”
After about 30 minutes, they were dropped off at Richmond park. Without saying anything, Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him towards the path.
The afternoon was nearing its end and Sherlock still hadn’t heard the telltale clanging of the of the mail slot being opened and closed. Sherlock and John were in the middle of a heated round of Rummy, and John was genuinely smiling and chuckling for the first time in weeks.
John simply sat in silence and ate. One thing was certain. Molly and Sherlock were two of the most stubborn people he’d ever met, and it was a hard bet to say who was more stubborn than the other. He had learned by this point that it’s best to just let them bicker it out until one of them eventually out-stubborns the other. Once John had finished, he placed his empty bowl down and pried the laptop from Molly’s hands, replacing it with her own dinner that was barely warm at this point.
“The beginning of the rest of my life starts as soon as I open this,” John murmured, mostly to himself even though he was making dead eye contact with the man who stood in front of him. Sherlock beamed.
“You have never been so vulnerable in your life, Sherlock. I am your older brother. As much as I despise the job, I must protect you.”
“Measure 64,” Sherlock said as he swooped up his violin and walked back over to his own stand. “We can start a few measures back if you’d like, to get into the phrase.”
They pulled each other into a deep, passionate kiss. Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around John’s waist. John’s left arm was around Sherlock, and his right arm traveled up to entangle itself in Sherlock’s brown, curly hair.
doing them, or planning on doing them, there’s absolutely no sense in you or John putting so much of your time and effort into this.”
“He called you clumsy after you left!” John nearly shouted. He wasn't sure why he was trying so hard to make it seem like Sherlock was a monster.
John didn’t even point out that he had never told Sherlock that he had a sister. He just went along with it. “I haven’t seen my sister in a long time… she ran off with friends a while back. She started getting into drugs and alcohol. My parents barely hear from her. They always worry about her. Never me, just her.”
Just then, a girl walked past. Sherlock remembered seeing John with her a few times; maybe she would have seen me. What was her name…Marge...Martha...Marylin...Mary...yes, that was it! Mary!
A week passed. It was early Saturday morning. John’s arms stung. He picked up his phone. No new texts. He opened up Sherlock’s contact. Of course he didn’t delete the number.
long time since the two of them had found any time to be intimate. But, the hot and heavy atmosphere simmered down as they finished dinner and got changed into their night clothes. Sherlock had almost thought John had forgotten all about the little encounter he instigated. That was, until the lights had gone out and Sherlock found himself pinned beneath John’s unforgiving grip.
Mike nodded his head. “I got the notification for graduation a few days ago. I’ve… I’ve really done it.”
After a long day of studying, John had finally decided he was ready to dive into bed and fall asleep forever. Just as John stood up from his desk, his phone buzzed.
take that quitter talk from you, Holmes. Where’s that smarmy prick of a violinist I met all that time ago?”
thanks for reading, as always! I officially have a tentative final chapter count for this story too :'). so many years in the making
Sherlock dragged him to breakfast and back to Julliard for some last-minute practice. However, Sherlock demanded that he stop practicing an hour before his audition to let his body rest.
So this story is my baby and it's very personal so I'm so glad that you guys are reading it and enjoying so far <3
Sherlock continued to take John out for tea almost every day, even after the bullying stopped. Soon Jim learned that the more he tried to go after John, the more it backfired on himself. And of course he was too idiotic to realize that it was Sherlock who was sabotaging his attempts to bully John.
He stood up straight from his bow and took his seat. He adjusted his bench and hovered his hands over the piano keys, taking a deep breath. With one last look at the conductor, who held his baton at the ready, John smirked and gave a small nod. With that, it was off to the races.
The wind was immediately forced from his lungs as he hit the ground. There were mixes of gasps and giggles and hearty chuckles as several students gathered around. John slowly picked himself up, gasping. He looked up at Jim and his friends. They were laughing. Everyone was laughing; at least everyone except the one with the curly brown hair.
Molly had been attending Bart’s with them for a short while until she decided to audition for a music school somewhere in London. He couldn’t recall the name. Almost immediately she was recruited by a fellow student to be his accompanist. The only thing John had heard about him was that he could play the violin, and he was more than a bit full of himself about it, which was already enough to make John dislike him.
How could John throw his own happiness away so easily for those he cared about? He refused to take Molly’s position despite wanting so desperately to keep playing music. He insisted that Sherlock apply to Julliard, knowing that they would spend the greater part of these next few years separated from each other.
The only response he received was a harsh shushing from Molly as they intensely browsed Julliard’s website.
“Plus… I’m training to be a doctor. I’m a doctor, not a pianist. I just play the piano in his free time. It’s different from you, Molly. The piano is going to be your lively hood. You’re in the Royal Academy for God’s sake; not only that, you are the most talented pianist there! Let me talk to Sherlock. I assure you he is not going to let you go. Not ever.”
Eventually they arrived at what John assumed was close to the middle of the park. They found a picnic table and Sherlock sat down on the table top. John sat next to him.
But then, destiny called. Or texted, rather. Molly’s name lit up John’s screen. He made a few more marks on his latest draft before picking up his phone.
It was nearing 5 in the evening, and Molly and John still hadn’t relented in their efforts to contact admissions. Sherlock had wandered into the kitchen and started throwing together an impromptu dinner. It was the least he could do since he wasn’t actively helping them in their efforts to inquire about his decision letter. He made a simple pasta with tomato sauce and set down two steaming bowls on the table in front of where John and Molly had been since Molly arrived almost 5 hours ago. They both sat crowded around Molly’s laptop, browsing for other methods of contact besides calling, seeing as their phones were struggling to keep a signal long enough to let a phone call go through.
He felt John go stiff in his arms. John pulled back and looked down at Sherlock, his face red, but he wore an elated grin. “Let’s take care of each other, yeah?”
Molly shook her head, smiling. “Oh, John, you’ll never get it, will you? You’re more fascinating than you’ll ever be willing to admit.”
what is happening between you two. But, I don’t know… it just really hurt to know that our bond wasn’t as strong as I thought it was.
It was already not a smart decision for John to get completely wasted on his own, and he realized this is exactly what Molly had been trying to avoid. It was even less smart for John to decide to hobble home on his own, while completely wasted. But, he was sure no cab was going to take him smelling like he’d just gone swimming in a brewery.
“Well, you don’t seem to like me very much,” Sherlock said, a snobbish air about his voice. “Why did you stay behind?”
“You!” he shouted. He let John fall from his arms as he stood up and grabbed Jim by his shirt collar. “I am going to make your life a living hell for this,” he growled. Jim only smirked.
Sherlock was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't notice when it was actually John who answered the door.
For once, everything ran smoothly at the airport. They’d made it through security easily enough, and they found a pizza place in the airport to grab lunch before they made their way to the gate. John had remained pretty silent after their brief conversation in the cab, but Sherlock felt no reason to break the silence. They were both still thoroughly exhausted from everything that had been happening, and it was more than enough to be all encompassed by each other’s silence.
With that, Molly bid him goodnight and set off down the stairs and out of the apartment. Sherlock insisted that she text him when she’d made it safely back to her flat across town. In the meantime, he shook John awake.
“Damn…” he breathed, clutching the phone tighter in his hand. The git was right. He really… really loved playing the piano. Not to get the wrong idea, however; John was incredibly passionate about his studies and wanted nothing more than to become a successful doctor. Yet… this could be his last opportunity to get to play real recitals like this.
Hope you guys are enjoying where the story is going! I'm personally very proud of this one; one of my favorite stories I've ever written.
And when 7:30pm rolled around, Sherlock wore he had never been so happy to board a plane in his life. He’d spent too much time away from London as of late. It was really going to be incredibly difficult to get used to life in New York City. Everything really… was everywhere.
He thought about how when John did say what little he had to say, Sherlock engaged himself in so many ways. He listened with every fiber of his being when John talked, and John appreciated it very much. He had never really had anyone to talk to at all, let alone someone who listened to absolutely everything he had to say. As he thought more and more about his wonderful friend, he began to realize something. Sherlock was not just a friend…he was much
Before Mary could finish her sentence Sherlock hugged her in thanks and took off for the school. Mary stood and thought for a moment.
Sherlock helped John to remove his shirt as painlessly as possible. Sherlock stared at the cuts that covered John's arms. "I made you do this, John?"
Sherlock couldn’t help his smile as he led John into his lap, planting more sweet kisses along his cheek and down his neck. He pulled the smaller man into a tight hug and held him for several moments, neither of them saying a word. That was, until they heard it.
Just then Jim fell forwards and landed in his large trey of food. The cafeteria erupted in laughter. That’s when John noticed Sherlock smiling at him from behind where Jim had fallen. John gave a shy smile back at him. Sherlock motioned for him to sit down. John had lost his appetite, though. He threw his trey away and went to sit outside for the remainder of lunch.
John shook his head harder. “You’re not listening to me, love. This could very well be a mistake. These things happen, you know, with so many applicants. Plus, it’s a generic letter they very well could have stamped your name to the wrong sort of envelope.”
?” he sneered. “Oh Sherlock, you can do better than someone like this,” he said, pushing John’s arm out of his grasp.
Sherlock groaned, but eventually he sat up, and he and John made their way to the bedroom. At this point, usually, Sherlock would be ready to lock lips with that beautiful pianist of his, but he was really in a funk. He snuggled into John’s arms and almost immediately fell asleep.
John just laughed shyly and looked back down at his lap. Sherlock put his hand on John’s cheek and lifted his head so he could see John’s face.
I'm working on getting longer chapters b/c I know longer updates are always better (for me at least). I love it when a fic writer updates with a super long chapter. :) Thanks u guys so much for reading and leaving the lovely comments, they always make my day!
They couldn’t see John. He refused to let them know of his existence. He would join their crazy group of murder before he allowed them to touch a hair in John’s head.
“Is he your friend, Sherlock? Someone special?” She interrupted, smiling at him with something akin to hope.
He’d also had a lot of troubling frustration when John Watson had punched the pillock Philip Anderson and broken his nose, causing it to rupture tons of vessels and to bleed into his clothes and all over his face.
Sherlock’s only blessing at that moment was that he could hear every single word exchanged between the two, which Mycroft was probably aware of. Sherlock wasn’t sure what the bothersome man was trying to prove to him with such a demonstration of power— and most likely a couple of threats— but he was curious to hear the exchange.
“No, Mrs Hudson, John is dating a girl named Maggy. Or was it Maddy? No— something with an ‘M’, I’m almost positive.”
“John,” Sherlock said, behind him. John cleared his throat, a chill running down his spine and a loss of words through his brain. “You should go now. You already caused enough…
Suddenly, a look of utter horror appeared on both their faces. Their legs seemed to actually tremble with fear as they took a couple of steps back. That same fear made their eyes pop out of their sockets and their skin turn so pale it took a near blue-ish tone.
His sister hugged him until he had no more space left in his lungs for air and pretended she hadn’t cried when he saw the wet spot left from her tears on the shoulder of his shirt..
He spent the rest of the day attempting to avoid eye contact with the three women— which was probably being a little paranoid on his part, for he didn’t see them at all, not once— and focusing solely on his friends— Greg said he’d passed by the nurse’s office, on his way to his next class— Introduction to Legal Analyses— and had seen Philip Anderson complaining like a baby, as Mrs Pomfrey told him he had a broken nose and his girlfriend cringed at the sight of it all.
“Hey, Mary,” he said, looking one last time at Sherlock’s retreating back, before trying to give the girl all his attention— which he was sure would look convincing on her side, but was a complete failure on his part.
“Of course not, Mrs Hudson,” he scoffed. What a ridiculous assumption and pathetic attempt at trying to escape answering his questions.
He wasn’t the vainest person out there, but he really wouldn’t mind getting laid during his time there. One of the things he was sure of was that he already met, dated, kissed, or slept with every girl worth of his time in Slough; a change of scenery would do him no harm in that aspect.
“Thank you for your input on the case, John. I will see you tomorrow, same time?” Sherlock finally spoke, calmly redressing himself.
OMG, people! If you knew the chapters that are to come! I would blush if I were just a reader, but I've edited the same chapter (one that I hope will be posted soon) at least seven times because it said 'cock' too bloody much.
There was an unfamiliar pressure curling itself around his neck and pressed into his chest, pulling and twisting until it became too hard to breathe. He didn’t know whether he’d better arrive early or late to make the right impression. All that sentiment probably backfired the moment he forgot his umbrella, forcing him to get slightly drenched. Great.
When John, with pleasure, admitted it had mostly been his fault, they’d congratulated him, since no one was really a big fan of the guy— mostly because he considered himself better than everyone, when he actually only had passable skills in most subjects, including rugby, and he loved to instigate unnecessary, petty fights.
There were no intact windows for him to peep through, so he had to settle for squinting through a piece of broken, fogged glass still attached to one of the windows at his head level.
Sherlock had said they’d meet at the same time the next day. Obviously, the git had forgotten, since John had knocked at least three times without answer.
However, true trust in John Watson did not overcome Sherlock until he heard the clearest on “No”’s ever. Until he’d left absolutely no wiggle room for Mycroft to offer anything else. Until John knew that Mycroft knew of his every weakness and still considered Sherlock to be above it all— the superior and only priority.
The house was filled with half-drunk people. The music was an amalgamation of word-less, deafening noises and the lights were mostly crimson-coloured, or turned down all the way to give the setting some glamour.
He looked around and saw Sherlock’s computer on the kitchen table. It was open and unlocked, which John took advantage of.
Then, John realized, as he caught sight of a movement to the mysterious person’s left, there were three more people inside: two more with their backs to him— although their skins were just as pale as the first one’s— and Sherlock.
It wasn’t her fault that she didn’t know his friend couldn’t eat. Maybe Mrs Hudson would like it, though.
Harry had been too young to remember anything, but John had loathed the place with every fiber of his being. The lifeless routine, the way everyone was constricted and under pressure to live in a box and fit everywhere.
Never above seven percent, he’d always told himself. Unfortunately, his brain had somehow relaxed more than he’d anticipated. Just once: one small slip up.
Once he didn’t have a desperate, after-trip need to use the loo, it’s size caught up to him and made an unfamiliar claustrophobia creep up on his spine, clinging to his skin and making his stomach twist.
“Y—You do know,” John had to pause and breathe, for his laughter was getting in the way. If someone saw them, they’d say they were either drunk or high. “You know we don’t have a king, right?”
John couldn’t help but nod in affirmation, not knowing what else to do as he took his sweet time to process all of the information. How were these two so disastrous and lacking in anything social? Sentiment a weakness?
Sherlock snickered, happy that Mrs Hudson didn’t have his ability to deduce, or she’d see right through him. He had been having trouble enough as it was keeping himself in check surrounded by humans, but when added to the equation a man who was idiot enough to get
“Would you like me to ask Mrs Hudson for a chair, so you can make yourself comfortable while we discuss—”
Although, Sherlock had had a couple of interesting moods where he’d meet up with John after walking around London and deduce where he’d gotten each microscopical splash of mud at the hem of his trousers.
“Oh, don’t be silly, dear. I’m very okay with it, I don’t care. You’re just like me, when I was your age. I, too, dated the popular athlete.” Her eyes became unfocused, as if she were reliving her youth. “He was so cute. And those muscles—”
His next words were not exactly what he’d wanted to say, but he settled for not using every curse word he knew.
“You see, for centuries I have been the head of the Holmes family. When his parents died, Sherlock became the sole heir, so it was my duty to take care of him. Calling him my brother would be easier than actually explaining our relationship. As my last living— and when I say living, you know what I mean— relative, I have been prone to the weakness of sentiment.”
He turned his face and was met with a hard— he assumed— wall, staggering backwards. No, not a wall, a person. An enormous person.
“Actually,” he interjected, pulling her hands up, away from the most sensitive places. “I’m not feeling very good. I’ll ask someone to take me home. How about we hang out later, huh? I’ll text you. Or— or you text me.”
The man, Mycroft, walked outside, most likely waiting for John to follow him. He carried himself as if he were very important, but it was laughable.
“You must understand, John Watson, that after hundreds of years in solitude, one starts to feel wary. Sherlock was the only one to carry the same intellectual burden as me, the only one to truly be able to understand and read people. He knew what I was, even before I told him so. If he’d applied himself, he could have surpassed me long ago. But we do know Sherlock’s stubbornness, don’t we?”
to go home during his Christmas break. He made “hmm” sounds at appropriate times, and asked “really?” whenever she stated something with a bigger excitement. It was a helpful power, to pretend to listen, but had already screwed him up once that day.
It was easy to distinguish Mrs Hudson’s footsteps when only three people ever frequented the house— especially when a third of those people was Sherlock himself, which meant he didn't have to deduce his own steps, which left two people. Obviously, whenever Mycroft came to visit, he either walked slowly and made the sound of three steps— his two poshly covered feet plus his oh so precious umbrella— or he walked too fast for it to ever have been possible for Mrs Hudson’s hips to accomplish. Truthfully, no human could attain such speed, but Mrs Hudson was no mere mortal.
Hope you liked it!! We finally have out friends Jim, Moran and Irene!! Hope you're as irrationally excited as I am!!
John thought he’d accomplished his mission of intimidating them, until he noticed Sally’s eyes, filled with panic, traveling from something over his head to his face, moving back up again.
“First, maybe I’d like to have a conversation with your… friend. John Watson, correct?” His eyes focused on John as if he were a target, but John knew if he was to be killed, it would’ve happened before, so he was safe.
If only he hadn’t the need to distract them long enough to get John out of there and to not let it show that it cared. If they knew, they’d have an advantage, because Sherlock still had no knowledge of their pressure points— except for Moran’s obvious love for Moriarty, which he was still unsure of in terms of nature and how requited it was.
