Dean lifted both hands in the air, startled, as the proprietor expertly wove through the hanging pots to steady the one Dean had brushed against, whispering soothingly to the orchid as he did so.
“Sure, that sounds great.” Castiel agreed, distracted by the dawning realization of exactly how dangerous a place this must be, and how the protection offered to him by Manuel because he was Dean’s guest was even more important than he had understood.
Castiel’s kisses were innocently sloppy, his tongue questing, and Dean did his best, sucking the ozone from the tip of Castiel’s tongue and tasting it from his lips until Castiel’s enthusiasm seemed less academic and more genuine, his breath rapid and shallow and heavily perfumed again, Dean could taste summer and almost hear the hum of bees on the flowers he could smell as he tried pushing his hips forward again, his tongue in Castiel’s mouth, Castiel’s gasp unmistakably pleasure now, up close and personal, and Dean’s lips lifted in a snarl of success as he pulled back out slow, leaning up on one arm to break the kiss so he could watch Castiel’s face as he slowwwly thrust home again, landing with solid impact against Castiel’s ass, Castiel’s guttural groan sending a shockwave of pleasure through Dean’s body and knocking loose a surprised moan of his own.
Castiel grinned. “Yeah, alright that might be weird but I’m just worried about your self-care routine if you haven’t got a favorite brand by now.” He raised both hands in apology “Sorry! None of my business, I’m just glad you… liked it.”  Castiel blushed as he realized what he was saying and Dean laughed, pleased to see the flush on Cas’s cheeks for a change. Only fair.
Sam looked up from his laptop then, staring at Dean evenly. “Do you even hear yourself right now? You’ve never seen Cas look at a dude? He’s only got eyes for one dude, Dean.”
On 10/4 I will mark this work complete and I will create it an AO3 Universe in which it will become part one. Then, I'll take a vague-tweeting hiatus of several months to give myself time to write out far enough ahead on book two that I'm not panicking or shorting the work. My process needs a fair amount of WIP available to backtrack to add foreshadowing or adjust dialogue when new ideas fall into place, but once I've published a chapter my hands are tied, so my rising panic at not having the space to create has become an issue. I need some room to breathe. Since making this decision I can already feel a rekindling the joy that I have been missing in working on this, so we can all rest assured knowing it's the right choice. <3
Castiel watched, rapt, as Sam searched his big brother’s face and believed the lie he found there. “Okay.” Sam’s concern visibly lifted as Dean expertly pried it from him and added it to the weight Castiel could see in the corners of his eyes.
Castiel’s face was shy now, and he looked smaller somehow, his shoulders rounded, his arms limp at his sides.
“Flop sweat. Can’t help it.” Dean shrugged. “I can control my face and how I hold my body Cas, but it seems when the stakes are high, I can’t control my pits.” He sighed heavily and Castiel nodded slowly, shrugged sympathetically.
Couldn’t be more than a couple hours round trip hoofing it up that hill to the University. There just
Dean nodded as well as he could and dared to reach up to brace himself by gripping Castiel’s thighs, asking if it was okay with his eyes. Castiel nodded his permission gravely, gripping the sides of Dean’s head with both hands and tilting his face up and back just a little more before thrusting deep into Dean’s throat, groaning his approval as Dean leaned into his thrust and moaned with pleasure.
Castiel’s first Saturday potluck dinner and game night was a rousing success. The entire software team showed up. Even Jesse and Cesar brought a casserole and their adorable daughter Sofia, her jet-black hair done up in cheerful red ribbons. The two of them hung out for an hour or so, politely chatting and watching Sofia try the traditional American delicacy known as “Cheetos” for the first time, delicately accepting them in her chubby fists from everyone in turn and saying both “tank oo”
Castiel looked smug as Sam crossed to the bureau to haul out underwear, averted his eyes just in time as Sam’s towel dropped to the floor.
Sam barked a laugh and reported, “José says he told his Mom we’d be ordering because you always want her food after Mrs Rodrìguez feeds you anything, and that he already told her to make extra for Cas.”
Dean snorted and Castiel laughed out loud, swept Anna into a hug. She hugged back super hard, meanwhile protesting, “Gross! Don’t get your desperate sexual tension all over me!”
That one rippled pleasure throughout his entire body, and he set it aside for later, it was too distracting while he was driving. His mind wandered to Saturday night and made a home there, sighing contentedly.
.” Castiel’s eyes widened in surprise, and Dean sucked in a deep breath, held it for a couple seconds, blew it out, and turned to face Castiel, smiling ruefully. “I knew I shouldn’t bend over that pool table, Cas, I
important, his skin rippling with chills as Castiel openly stared at his dick, his interest heavy and pleasant, Dean’s dick twitching under the weight of it.
“I had no expectation it would be, Dean. But I appreciated the white lie.” Castiel was smirking, Dean could
one won’t age -  but I understand this body is not your preference. Unless - wait, is it the body, or is it because it’s me inside it?“
“Cut that out,” Dean disagreed, “You cut that out right now.” His voice dropped to barely a whisper, but he was serious, his tone adamant. “I know what I said yesterday, but I. Don’t.
“Okay,” Dean accepted with relief, blowing out the breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. “Thank you.”
. His body rippled with a shudder of heat at the sense memory, and an inexplicable sense of longing that he banished as silly, and he stepped into the hall and headed for the kitchen, wondering, suddenly, what tomorrow might hold, and whether it would be a Tuesday or a Wednesday.
Dean instructed, nodding as Castiel relaxed his grip, sliding his hand rapidly up and down his cock now, his face registering confused discomfort.
Confused, Dean opens his mouth to ask what’s going on just as Zachariah turns to face him and his chest abruptly and violently seizes.
“I want to have your support on this,” he says. “I do. But I don’t need it. I hope you can understand that.”
“No, it was probably… a pair of earrings that washed up, or something else reflect-y. Yeah.” He nods to himself, feeling like a complete crazy person. “There’s nothing in the pool. There’s just seaweed, and junk, and definitely not a sea monster.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean mumbles, but he’s looking at Sam, who’s rolling his eyes with his back turned to his dad as he takes a bowl from Cas.
Dean casts a glance at Cas out of the corner of his eye, not sure if he wants to have this conversation. He shrugs.
He squints at the bright screen, trying to get it in focus. Who the hell is calling at this time? Blinking hard, he opens his eyes wide as he tries to read the caller ID - Ocean City Police Department.
To make matters worse, Cas doesn’t even push back. It would make this a lot easier if he would, if when Dean were mean to him he’d stand up for himself, fight back, do
Pursing his lips to hold back his smile, Dean looks away before he and Cas can stare at one another too long. There’s not much point in being discreet anymore, though, considering they freaking
Back outside, Dean blames his absence on the bathroom, but John just shakes his head and turns away from from him, barking directions over his shoulder.
“Let’s go this way,” he murmurs, and steers Cas to the right through a parking lot. “Wanna walk on the beach?”
“You taste like Dean,” Cas replies, and Dean plucks Cas’s half-eaten popsicle from his loose grip and twists to toss it in the trash.
“This okay?” Dean whispers, crawling up Cas’s body until their faces are level. Cas nods against the pillow, and slots a hand around the back of Dean’s neck to pull him down into another kiss.
“Will he be upset about our pillow fort?” Cas asks, and Dean turns to find him with a concerned expression.
From the ceiling above his pillows, he hangs the dreamcatcher. He stands back to take a look at his work, watching it swing softly from its string before he crawls into bed beneath it.
Cas does it again, twisting his wrist under the head, and then before Dean can react he’s leaning forward and pressing his lips to Dean’s chest, swiping his tongue over the bud of his nipple. Dean groans, his head tipping back with a shiver at the sensation.
“I’ll pay for one year,” Bobby says over Dean’s stuttering. “It’ll give you time to apply for student loans moving forward. If it makes you feel better, I’ll let you pay me back down the road.”
“Naomi said something that I didn’t understand,” Dean says. He watches Cas’s face closely, can see his carefully blank expression in the dim lighting. “She said something about ‘drying yourself out.’ What does that mean?”
Dean waits until he hears Rufus go in through the slider and he bolts back to the apartment before he sees anyone. Slamming through the door, he makes for the kitchen and turns on the cold water. A few splashes to his face and, while it still feels like his face is on fire, his dick gets itself under control.
The sliding door slams open with a crash behind them. The pane shatters as it smashes against the jamb, and Dean doesn’t whip his head around in time to see what’s happening when a heavy force pummels him from behind and he goes sprawling.
He reaches a hand out towards Dean’s ankle, but Dean sharply pulls his legs up out of his reach. Surprise flashes over Cas’s features, and he draws his hand back into his own space, wary.
“She likes to sit by the cash register, I’ll show you,” Cas says as they shuffle through the door, the Impala left idling by the curb. They both wave at Frank, who’s organizing a shelf near the back of the store.
“I wanted to believe you weren't gonna go,” Dean interrupts. “But you are, aren’t you? That’s why they didn’t pull you home tonight, when you jumped in after me. Two days, and you’re going back anyway.”
Rufus laughs as he straightens up, but Dean doesn’t think his dad’s joking. It’ll take probably fourteen hours for the thing to be full.
“The bus?” Sam asks incredulously, bending down and tugging on his sneakers. “Dean, let’s just drive, come on.”
They actually look a little loose around Castiel’s narrow waist, but Dean tries not to think about it, or look for too long. They’ll work fine.
“So, uh,” Dean says as they head back to his room. “I don’t know what you’ve got planned for the day, but I have to do some work around here this morning.” He rubs the back of his neck. “You’re welcome to hang out here, or, I don’t know - ”
With a glance at his dad, Dean sees the corner of his mouth twitch as he watches Sam devour the donut. Dean gets up, taking their bowls to the sink.
Gabriel lets his shirt fall. “It’s warding. Keeps me off their radar. I got it when I finally finished puking my guts up - soon as I realized I hadn’t gone belly-up tryin’ to dry myself out.” He grimaces at the memory, but shakes his head as if to clear it away. “Anyway. It keeps ‘em off my tail. Pun intended.”
There’s a group of kids crowded over a low glass wall, and Sam trots ahead to see what they’re looking at. He almost immediately turns back to Dean and Cas to excitedly beckon them faster.
It’s not quite cold out by any means. The sun still shines down warmly, but the air doesn’t feel much like summer. It seemed to happen overnight - the Earth had been making its way towards fall for weeks, but it’s like everything else had just realized it, and rushed to catch up. There’s an edge to the air, a crisp that threatens to move in in the coming weeks, but for now the sun is still giving as much as it can. Enough that the sand is still warm beneath Dean’s bare feet.
“Sammy,” he says. His little brother hums in response and he sounds almost asleep. “There’s something I need to talk to you about.”
Without warning, and barely breaking the kiss, Dean unfolds his legs from beneath himself and climbs unceremoniously into Cas’s lap. Cas gasps but obviously has no objections, his arms coming around Dean and his lips parting in invitation.
“I’m gonna go take a shower,” he announces to the room before getting up, grabbing their dirty plates on his way to put in the kitchen.
They all whoop at Cas as he pulls on the joint until it’s just the papers burning, and Jo takes it from him to stub it out. Cas coughs, and Dean claps him on the back a few times.
“But, I uh - I’ve got your dad down here at the station. One of my officers picked him up near Harvelle’s, on 49th.”
Cas’s fingers, now that they’ve untied both of Dean’s shoes, creep under the hem of his jeans and trail over his ankle. Dean watches his hand for a quiet moment.
Sam just scoffs at that, and while Dean isn’t completely sure what that means, he doesn’t say any more. He takes a breath and turns back to the road.
He can hear the TV playing as he kicks his shoes off in the hall. The apartment is dim, the only illumination from the light above the stove and the flickering glow from the living room. He finds Sam cross-legged on the couch, eating from a bowl.
It’s because Dean’s been avoiding his room that it isn’t until that third morning that he finds them. They must’ve been there this whole time, but he hadn’t done more than glance at his bed in three nights. He’d come back from taking a shower after leaving his dad in the kitchen with his coffee and is pulling on a pair of jeans when he spots them. Dean frowns.
“So,” John says from where he has a hip resting on the front quarter panel, Dean elbow deep in the engine. “Things go okay here while I was gone?”
Dean’s smile fades despite him trying to keep it in place, and he angles his face down as he passes her his cash.
“Yes, it is. It’s been a long time since I was able to swim like this.” As if to emphasize his point, Cas curls his tail, and it comes out of the water behind him with a splash. Dean watches it drip before it slaps back down into the water. He stares at the spot where it disappeared.
Cas and Dean debate the DVD selection for a few minutes, before they decide on Caddyshack. Or rather, Dean suggests it, Cas looks dubious, and Dean insists that it’s a classic and they have to watch it.
Even empty, the pool kinda gives him the creeps. His footsteps echo around the walls of the deep end, the ledge high above his head.
Listening to them talk, Dean learns that Andy is moving into his new apartment in Wye Mills over the weekend. Ash’s orientation at MIT is almost a week long, so he leaves on Tuesday. Jo leaves a bit later in the week, which Dean had already heard from Cassie. It doesn’t pass by Dean that the conversation stays carefully away from him and his own plans - they all know what he’s doing.
“But you came back. Much to the annoyance of some of my siblings, mind you. After he moped around for years while you were gone, you came back and then all Castiel would do was laze about in the shallows, hoping to see you on the beach.”
The people who are playing lose it, but none more so than Jo, who actually bends over laughing, her face bright red. Dean claps Cas hard on the back, laughing so hard himself that it takes him a few tries to get his words out.
Dean feels his mouth threaten to stretch into a grin, one that’s almost giddy with the very thought, and he mentally shakes himself from the distracting memories. He gets back to work, making his bed and throwing the few things on the floor into the hamper.
The guy stares at him for one moment longer, his gaze piercing, before his face breaks into a grin. Theatrically, he leans away with a hand over his chest, feigning injury.
Dean raises his eyebrows and it’s almost a challenge, daring his father to try and say something and knowing that he can’t, knowing John had lost all his leverage the second Dean had called him out for all of his own shit.
Dean’s jeans were on the floor before his conscious mind had made the decision, Castiel’s happy little sigh as he openly admired Dean’s body making Dean feel all sorts of warm and tingly but mostly incredibly horny, and he swallowed thickly and reached for the packet of lube with trembling fingers, the girl on the television entirely forgotten.
It is 1000% true that I am a petty, needy creature made of whining and raw anguish, but let it also be said that if you feed me, I deliver the goods. :-D  Thank youuuuu here is your bonus chapter. :-D
“If possible, yes. I anticipated feeling your neurons firing, and giving your body pleasure with my hands while I possessed you -”
Castiel had reached for one of the hand towels he’d had the foresight to stack on the nightstand, cleaned them up, collapsed beside Dean. They’d lain entwined for ages, listening to each other’s heartbeats and soft breath until Cas had slipped away from him into slumber.
He sent a smiley face, got one back and grinned as he rinsed his glass and set it in the sink, pocketed his keys, shoved a twenty in his sock. His phone was bulky and had a tendency to tug his shorts down, so he left it on his kitchen table as he pulled on his shirt and headed out to work off at least
Castiel liked Anna. She was kind, she always had a smile for everyone, and the words she spoke, as far as he could tell, seemed to match her body language. The awkward years of Castiel’s early adolescence when he had first understood he lacked intuition in that area most people seemed to come by easily were at least twenty years behind him, and he was observant and analytical. He had unraveled the small mystery of communicating with other humans just fine - how they spoke with their mouths and their bodies, and how to respond in kind - it was just the desire to do so he found himself lacking of late.
. He shut his eyes and listened to the fountain, loud in the enclosed space, the sounds of the city muffled here. He half-listened to the soothing murmur of Cas and Sam’s voices as Castiel named his ladies one by one, answered in delighted affirmatives as Sam guessed last name after last name, names Dean had never heard of.
“Thanks,” he mumbled quietly, without looking up. “I feel a lot better than after the last…” he trailed off, his mind clearly somewhere else now.
Castiel blinked rapidly and shook his head, shaking the memory of the man whose given name he had never known back into the past. He gazed down at Dean kneeling before him, his gorgeous face raised in supplication, his desire making his hands tremble and his breath rasp raggedly past his lips, his chest shaking with each nervous inhalation. Dean was excruciatingly beautiful, the vulnerability of his submission the most exquisitely precious gift Castiel had ever been offered, and Castiel’s eyes stung and his chest hurt so much he couldn’t breathe to realize
”  Dean’s strangled exclamation came as he looked around the parking lot furtively, but they were still alone. He sighed in relief and murmured shyly “Not gonna lie Cas, can’t say I wasn’t thinking about the exact same thing since the second I felt you thinking it.”
Dean couldn’t continue and he broke eye contact to stare down at his hands again, his eyes red and far away.
“- He’s crazy about me,” Dean piped up, his eyes open now and gazing up at Castiel in such worship that Sam blushed and looked away while Castiel returned the look, staring down at Dean adoringly as Dean spoke.
When they pulled up in front of the library Sam was sitting on a bench, tapping away on his laptop and looking vaguely annoyed. It was a little past ten and he looked worried as hell to see the Pimpmobile until he saw Dean and Castiel inside, then he just looked annoyed, his face transitioning to confusion as Castiel got out of the car, came around to the passenger side, opened the door to pull an unresisting Dean to his feet and get him folded into the back seat.
for making it,” - he emphasized the thank you with a raised eyebrow at Dean, daring him to protest, but Dean wisely said nothing, his smile radiant as Castiel continued - “And I know you were only teasing about the Stubborn Club holding meetings at my place on Fridays Dean, but if I have a vote I move that we make that happen.”
“No,” Sam retorted. “Cas is in this with us now and he needs to know what he’s working with.” He returned his attention to Castiel, who was musing, rapt.
, seriously, you saved me in there. Not to mention you’re kind of a huge deal around here and you’re so modest the
The approval on Castiel’s face made Dean’s chest so tight it ached. He took a long, quavering breath, and waited to see what Castiel would do, which turned out to be stand up, hold his hand out for Dean’s. Dean stood up, wordlessly surrendered his hand, followed Castiel up the stairs to the linen closet, where Cas pulled out fresh sheets and led Dean to the bedroom so they could make the bed again. Cas disappeared downstairs to start some laundry while Dean used the bathroom, traded spots with him to freshen up and arrived in the bedroom naked to find Dean already lounging on the sheets, naked as well. He climbed in to lay beside him, leaned up on his elbow to gaze down at Dean’s face in the soft amber light.
Castiel couldn’t resist the urge to tease a little, and he managed to carefully open his sandwich wrapper, examine it for pickles, and open his chip bag, contemplatively chew an entire chip and swallow, before Anna exploded, mock pummeling his arm and hollering, “OH MY GOD TELL ME EVERYTHING YOU ASSHOLE” with the biggest smile he’d ever seen on her face.
Castiel climbed up his body to kiss him, the taste of his own jizz on Cas’s tongue firmly clinching a spot in Dean’s Top Five as he eagerly opened his mouth to accept it. Castiel reached for lube, languidly stroked himself as they kissed, but it wasn’t until Dean reached up with both hands to harshly twist his nipples like he’d watched Cas do Friday night that Castiel gasped into Dean’s mouth, groaning around Dean’s tongue as he spilled his pleasure over his hand to spatter Dean’s stomach with searing heat. Dean groaned as he felt his last Top Ten entry that wasn’t Cas-related - a perennial favorite in his personal spank bank - drop firmly out of even his Top Hundred, his entire roster spinning like a cartoon slot machine and coming up all Cas.
“I have given it a great deal of thought, and while I am eager to try it, I have no wish to try it with anyone but you. I don’t want to lie to another human to convince them I am also human, or to try to entice them somehow to couple with me; I do not have your people skills. Nor do I want to have to explain my ongoing inexperience with how this body works in those respects.”
“I want you, Cas,” Dean finally promised, his face torn. “I’m just - you have to go slow or it’ll hurt - not good hurt, like a
He looked up at Castiel apologetically, struggling to sit up from where Castiel had him cradled in his arms, and Castiel helped, setting him upright enough to sit and sliding out from under him.
“No,” Castiel denied flatly. “Although it might have started at the bar, we went somewhere private and… took care of it, and it won’t happen again.”
Dean smiled, even though Cas couldn’t see him, and ground his ass into Castiel’s cock, earning a hiss and a groan laced with desperation.
, I don’t even know what to say.” Anna grinned and picked up her sandwich, took a huge bite, spoke with her mouth full. “Race you.”
. He needn’t have worried, Castiel the consummate host, but that didn’t stop him imagining Castiel opening the door, seeing him like this, and instead of shaming him down the thought was wildly arousing and he hurtled over that razor’s edge, his pleasure intense and overwhelming as he came hard, holding his breath and spilling his pleasure in pulses over his hand and onto his stomach, twitching and shuddering and finally managing to choke out “
Castiel's eyes were suddenly wide and black, his body lithely flowing up the length of Dean's body so he could lace his fingers through Dean's hair, leaning down to growl in Dean's ear over the sound of Dean’s helpless moan, every hair on Dean's body rippling upright to join his cock, already so hard it hurt.
Dean remembered exactly the day Sam was talking about. He thought about the way Alejandro had raked his eyes over Castiel’s body, the way Cas had lifted an eyebrow in challenge, unselfconscious, but more than that, completely aware - comfortable with - the effect his body had on certain other men. “I can be hard to resist,” he had told Dean, smiling. He knew his power. Dean felt a flood of jealousy at the recollection and clamped it down, hard.
If it's not that you're shy, if my pleas turn you off because it's just too much work to take five seconds to send a thumbs up for the 20 hours I just bled - if you'd rather not read me than toss me even an emoji - I am super okay with that. No harm no foul, we just aren't meant for each other and that's okay. <3
made a difference, he noted with a sigh of surrender, and he watched Sam plow through his piece and reach for a second before Castiel had even taken a second bite with warm satisfaction curling around his heart.
evolve, fascinated by creatures made of flesh and blood, beasts that needed to devour one another to survive. He’d watched god create sentient beings out of the same building blocks, mortal men, consciousness living inside flesh and blood, the instincts of the creatures that came before them imprinted in the DNA helices that coiled in their cells, and he stared, dumbfounded, at this one, the one that fascinated him above all others, the one he would willingly die for, again and again, instinctually offering him what he could not give in the way Castiel wanted but he
Sam made a face while Dean snorted into Castiel’s chest, following that with an uncharacteristic giggle that made Castiel smile and Sam’s eyebrows rise.
Plates and forks were produced, the food laid out on the table. Dean slapped Sam’s hand away when he tried to nibble before it was laid out, and their bickering -
He wasn’t sure if he was oversharing until the answer came in. He read it and smiled softly to himself before turning back to his keyboard to fight code.
“Oh.” Dean uncrossed one arm to rub the back of his neck and stared down at his soaked, wrinkled shirt. He fingered one of the buttons on his shirtfront sheepishly and watched his finger turn white under his fingernail as he pinched the button
“That big client told my boss the deal only goes through if I train him on the software personally. I won't be able to do it, they’re going to know I lied.”
Castiel felt an empathetic pang of that familiar fear, tendrils snaking up from low in his gut, which he angrily shoved down as he leapt up to follow Dean into the bathroom. He found the handicap stall door ajar and Dean kneeling on the floor in front of the low toilet, knees of his dress trousers unheeded on the wet tile, head down, arms wrapped around the bowl, shoulders shaking. Dean’s breath came in rapid shallow panting and his eyes were squeezed tightly shut. There was no sick in the bowl.
“Aren't you gonna ask?” Dean was lacing a boot with his leg stretched across the coffee table. These clothes suited him, Castiel realized; these were Dean’s clothes. The suits were a costume, one Dean wore well. But not him.
“- and those other kids were actually serious trouble,” Dean finished, “out of their territory but enough of them to get away with it if they pulled a quick raiding party. They didn’t need a reason to kick José and Felipe’s asses beyond rolling them for whatever cash they had on them. Anyway, we convinced the cops to let it slide with a warning, the other kids were gone and ours said they didn’t know them. The cops said we could give our cousins a ride home but they’d follow to make sure us country boys got there okay -”
Sam looked up from his laptop, almost lost on the kitchen table today between his stacks of papers and books, some of the papers flapping and held down with various and sundry heavy objects since he insisted on opening the window and door for ventilation when Dean used the orange soap. "Are you almost done?" Sam whined, sighing.
Dean could feel Castiel’s head tilting, and he dared to make eye contact again, guilty jade meeting puzzled topaz.
“Cut it out Ash,” Anna interceded. “We were all watching Dean. Don’t give Cas shit, your mouth was hanging open the whole time.”
Dean's mind obediently checked in with his stomach, long ignored, and his stomach took the opportunity to rail at him about hours and hours of emptiness, no food no water only a few swallows of -
Castiel had nodded his permission, let go and rearranged himself to lean back on his elbows, and Dean had fallen over himself to please him. He stroked Cas at the same pace Cas had just been stroking himself, leaning over to use his mouth, too, not sure how to make the angle work but Cas groaned and reached for the back of Dean’s head, laced his fingers in Dean’s hair and fucked up into Dean’s mouth at the pace he needed, fast and shallow, no more than half a dozen thrusts groaning and watching his cock slide between Dean’s lips before he came with a shout, his entire body going taut as he crested. Dean eagerly took everything Cas could give him, stroking him though the wave, swallowing Cas as far down as he could manage, then reluctantly releasing him when he hissed at the stimulation.
Castiel drove home in his Old Lady Lincoln, purring like a kitten now because of the kind hands in the dangerous neighborhood where Sam and Dean had been adopted as family, to claim him in turn as one of them. Not a guest.
“My pleasure, Cas. Really.” She grinned at him sweetly and patted his hand. Castiel smiled at her. Anna’s touch was welcome and her hand was soft and warm, but it did not crackle across his skin like Dean’s had, nor did it leave his hand tingling when she removed hers.
Of course the frat boys would take the bartender’s money, gladly. More twenties went into the pot, the money disappeared behind the bar, and
There was nothing for it, and Dean crawled across the bed as gracefully as he could to get on his knees beside Castiel, flushing absolutely furiously as he gingerly lifted a knee over Cas to straddle him, coming to rest with the searing heat of Cas's dick nestling against his taint. Dean's stomach twisted with nerves again, his balance a little tenuous with his knees sinking into the mattress tilting him into Castiel's chest, but he wasn't sure where he was allowed to put his hands, and he met Castiel's eyes hesitantly to check.
Castiel gazed down at Dean’s beautiful face, eyes tightly shut, tears glittering under his lashes, each breath rasping from his chest like a sob, and Castiel heard himself answer, in a voice he barely recognized,
only by offering to accept part of his salary in stock options?  This place was running on a quarter of the staff they had when he left and everyone was working overtime to keep the startup afloat…  he angrily clicked in.
“This was the only job I could find with health insurance and I looked everywhere in a forty mile radius for over a month. I just… look, I know you already guessed this, I know you’ve been watching me, Cas, and I know you gave me like three chances even though I’ve been fucking up your life. I’m sorry about that. Since it looks like the jig is up I might as well give you the satisfaction of telling you you were right. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
His reverie was interrupted by a knock at the door. Dean had just turned off the water and stuck his face out the bathroom door, toweling his hair.
“‘Lonely? Need a friend? Call Jimmy!’ That’s what you’re giving people, right? They’re lonely, and you’re giving them someone to talk to. You’re
Dean reached a hand up to caress the side of Castiel’s worried face, brushing soft fingers over the deep lines furrowing Castiel’s forehead.
Castiel surged to his feet, unbuckling his belt and unzipping his suit trousers as he did so, the smooth planes of his stomach and thighs hitting air as he pulled his straining cock free with one hand and gripped the back of Dean’s head with the other, twisting Dean’s hair in his fist and growling as he adjusted his stance to push his cock roughly into Dean’s mouth. Dean’s eyes flared wide as he straightened up eagerly, bracing himself where he knelt at Castiel's feet to receive him.
“We aren’t used to cities,” Sam interjected, “Dad didn’t like them, he mostly kept us to small towns. We didn’t realize it was more like a war zone.”
Dean was only too happy to oblige, leaning down to shove his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, the heat of Castiel’s body welcoming him fore and aft overwhelming, and his lubricated hand snaked between their bodies without his volition, wrapping around Castiel’s cock to slide back and forth in time with the rolling thrusts of his body, Castiel’s cries muffled behind Dean’s tongue as he shoved it as far into his mouth as he could, waiting until he felt Castiel
“Make no mistake, you are beautiful at every angle, Dean, but this is not what I anticipated. Will you not give yourself to me so that I may observe your face, and kiss your mouth, and touch your body as I wish?”
Dean wiped his hand on his sheet and picked up his phone, sitting up straight and unconsciously squaring his shoulders before he touched the green icon, desperately fighting the way his voice wanted to crack.
Dean opened his mouth but his voice was so husky it made no sound, and he cleared his throat to try again.
Dean's breath huffed out over swollen lips he’d just been biting, his back arching involuntarily into Castiel’s clumsy fist. It didn’t
,” Dean cut him off, his voice clipped. Castiel turned to look at him then, concern rippling across his face, but Dean held up a hand to clarify quietly, still staring straight ahead.
, claiming Dean with one vigorous thrust, the full weight of his earthly body behind his claim as he landed, Dean’s exhilarated gasp only fueling Castiel’s inferno, his lips and teeth meeting Dean’s throat with enough force to taste copper, Dean’s whimper and the way he arched into it stealing Castiel’s reason, nothing in the Universe of any import but this one human writhing and moaning underneath him, Castiel’s skin glowing just a little as he let the pleasure take him, his hips pistoning out of control as he shifted his weight to reach for his human -
Castiel’s sharp intake of breath felt incredibly loud in the enclosed space. Time slowed to a grinding halt as his mind swirled and churned, forgotten images and repressed memories tumbling in a cascade that made his chest tight and his heart pound.
“Coaxing a few million molecules to do my bidding is far easier than, for example, getting you to decide what you want to eat for dinner. And to answer your
“Don’t forget the meeting at eleven o’clock Castiel. We’re going to be welcoming the new hire. Behave.”
” to his lips, so he gave up, the silence stretching out between them, his fingers idly picking at the fabric of the towel at his waist.
Castiel’s breathy little gasp was electrifying, and Dean froze, gripping his slippery cock tightly for a second to catch his breath.
Castiel and Sam glanced up from the kitchen table as Dean joined them, his hair wet and his eyes sparkling.
Dean tried to reach for his nightstand but Castiel’s hands caught his wrists, pinning them over his head to lean down and lick his neck, Dean gasping and arching into him without meaning to, embarrassed as Castiel lifted his face from Dean’s neck to grin at him, smugly satisfied.
so appreciated. Cas seemed shy over the phone though, stilted, nothing like his confidence in person.
Dean sucked in a huge, relieved breath, his entire body still screaming for Castiel to keep fucking him, and then Castiel was lifting him, laying him down, smoothing a gentle hand over his forehead and all the sweat was gone but none of the heat, Castiel’s knee landing between his thighs, and he lifted his legs for Castiel to fit their bodies together, Castiel pressing his cock against Dean’s entrance but not fucking him yet despite Dean’s whimpering, rocking a little as he leaned down to grip Dean’s wrists and pin them on either side of his body, Castiel’s face almost feral, his breath visibly quickening, and Dean suddenly knew he’d chosen exactly right, lifting his chin to offer Castiel his throat, shuddering as Castiel gasped, astonished.
“Yes. I am always hungry, I think, or at least there is always pain in my stomach. I did not understand that being human was so
in here with him, a closed door, privacy. It was impossible to pass up, and he pulled his shirt off as quickly as he could, unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans to pull those off, pulled his boxers down and stroked his cock dry while he tore the top off the lube packet with his teeth, squeezed it into his right hand with his left, dropped the empty packet on his shirt on the bed and groaned as he wrapped his freshly lubed hand around his cock and slid his palm down the length of his shaft. This was completely different,
Castiel wasn’t following suit, his breath rasping over his tongue as he stared, and Dean lifted his glance to check on him, accidentally breaking his first cardinal rule as his eyes locked with Castiel’s wide-eyed, almost frantic stare, the
face with Castiel’s cock while Castiel stood completely still, at the same pace Castiel had just been fucking him but practicing taking him deeper, like Castiel had done to him Thursday night.
” Castiel’s tone was impeccably polite, but somehow Dean was certain Zachariah would not call him Novak again. “No, sir. I came
“Cas, this is José. His Mom is an angel. She set me up with my entire work wardrobe from the unclaimed orders rack at her job.”
Dean looked up sharply at Castiel’s face, but he was a perfect study in innocence. Too perfect. Dean flushed hotly and met Castiel’s eyes defiantly. “Yes, thank you, Castiel. Most satisfactory,” he retorted coolly. “Your hospitality deserves those commendations you mentioned, and I’ll be glad to replace any guest items you find need to be restocked.”
Dean didn’t mean to say it, it just slipped out, his voice half an octave lower than usual, and he couldn’t tell which of them was more startled for the half second until Castiel replied; then it was
You shouldn’t have to deal with this situation, but we’ve started down this path and it’s too late to make a complaint to HR now that we’ve made our request to Zachariah. We’re going to have to take the meeting Dean, I don’t see another way.” Castiel’s face was an agony of apology, but Dean nodded. He was right, they’d already played their hand. Dean sighed heavily, ran a hand absently through his sweat-damp hair.
Castiel turned back to observe Dean's game in plenty of time to watch him win it, helpless to keep his pride in Dean in check, his approval laced with tendrils of desire, dark and powerful. Dean met his eyes to smile at him, and his eyes widened and darkened at Castiel's expression as he shook his head almost imperceptibly in warning. Castiel slammed his face impassive again,
Dean shrugged, watching Castiel’s mournful stare slip sideways from his empty plate to follow their waitress, Castiel’s attention
Castiel’s plaintive groan sounded exactly the way Dean felt, and he answered without thinking, smiling into his phone.
"What should we get Cas for Christmas?" Dean was washing his hands in the kitchen sink and the smell of the citrus pumice soap he was using to get every trace of Baby's grease out from under his fingernails permeated the whole apartment.
“I have excellent taste, Dean.” Castiel deadpanned, “unlike some people.” He managed to successfully look both haughty and serious for several seconds until Dean punched him in the arm lightly and he broke, grinning.
“This body has a place to interlock with yours, and I neither eat nor drink so it requires no additional cleansing rituals like I read on the computer are needed for most humans to have intercourse there.”
Castiel grinned at her and put his chips down, rubbed his arm exaggeratedly where she’d punched him.
Dean nodded enough for Castiel to feel it and grin wickedly, and then Castiel tilted Dean's chin forcibly up and tilted his head back, slid his cock deep into Dean’s mouth, and kept right on going, tapping Dean’s shoulder to swallow just when he felt like gagging, and then pushing past where Dean imagined a cock could go.  Castiel groaned low and menacing and slid out a little, still too far in for Dean to breathe, pushed back in with a tap for Dean to swallow, and repeated the same several more times before growling in frustration and pulling all the way out, gripping his wet cock in his fist to watch Dean gulp air, gasping.
“When you surrender your will to me, Dean, during that time you are under my care. That is a sacred trust of utmost importance, and I accidentally gave you impossible instructions.”
him when they hadn’t done this last week. All of that felt kind of titillating and made him a little nervous to boot.
. You have my word.” Castiel was almost vibrating with the rage Dean had caught a glimpse of in the car, and he was
Castiel startled, tearing his eyes away from Dean’s face to look down at his hand, and then wrap his fingers tentatively around his dick, squeezing so hard he hissed, his dick instantly turning red, his face pained.
“You can call me Frank, kiddo, you don’t have to keep calling me sir.”  Frank glanced over to follow Dean’s gaze and shook his head. “You’ve got great taste Dean, but you can’t afford her. Brand new varietal, just came out this year, closest to true black we’ve gotten yet.”
Castiel couldn’t stop himself; it just came out. “You may call me Daddy if it means that much to you, Dean,” he allowed, his face completely serious, but the bark of pure joy that came bursting out of Dean, his delight pure and contagious, pulled Castiel’s laughter bubbling out of his chest, and that was how Castiel’s software team found them several minutes later, polishing off their beers and giggling like children over their own hilarity.
This weekend marks the nuptials of my friends, which I will be officiating and have been flipping out over for MONTHS.
Castiel froze while Dean’s body tensed. He waited a few seconds, slid his throat up and down an inch or so, massaging Dean’s cock until Dean sighed and relaxed, then Castiel came up for air, suckling the tip of Dean’s cock gently and staring at his face while he did it, his finger motionless but halfway inside the man beneath him, who gazed up at his face in such worship Castiel felt his eyes burn and his spent cock stir to see it.
Dean made a sound of protest, shaking his head in exasperation as he brushed past Alejandro to rejoin his team on the court, but Alex’s attention was on Castiel, an understanding passing between them. Castiel shook his head gently in the negative, no, there was nothing like that between him and Dean. Alex shook his head in disbelief, shrugged and murmured, “If you say so, Cariño.” He waved Castiel onto the court, both Dean and Castiel now playing for team Skins. Big Man came offsides as Castiel subbed in, to watch from the sidelines, grinning like a wolf.
Dean showered until his hands were prunes, shampooing his hair for twenty minutes solid, finally insisting that Castiel join him and wash his hair too, but more importantly, look him over microscopically for spiders.
Castiel’s complaint pulled a bark of laughter to Dean’s lips, and he stepped forward into Castiel’s indignant space, his eyes softer than he meant them to be.
Castiel shrugged, his hands sliding up Dean’s thighs now, a wave of raw sexual desire, almost painfully acute, trailing in their wake, and Dean gasped, his back arching off the bed as Castiel’s hands reached his hips, Dean’s lips still sputtering protests as Castiel answered him gravely.
“I thought you said you aren’t supposed to watch porn in a room with other guys,” Castiel accused, the alcohol apparently already gone from his tongue, and Dean stared at him, his mouth falling open.
The way Castiel’s lip curled up as he leaned back to admire Dean’s body pulled a whimper from Dean’s lips, and the lightning sparking in the depths of his eyes made Dean’s entire body crackle with anticipation as Castiel knelt between his thighs, vaguely uncertain and irritated about it.
Dean tossed his suit coat over a kitchen chair and crossed the space to the refrigerator in several long strides, unfastening his tie as he went. He had a couple domestic brews in his hand in one moment, a bottle opener the next and was handing an opened bottle to Castiel and taking a pull from the other in seconds flat. He grinned at Castiel’s wrinkled nose as he wiped his mouth on the back of his hand.
“You don’t have to keep thanking me Cas,” he finally offered, meeting Castiel’s worried eyes with an uncomfortable smile. “You’re helping me more than I’m helping you and - “ Dean shook his head, his face pleading.  “It’s just... making me feel weird.”
Dean found himself at a loss to explain himself. “Cas said I could call him Daddy” did not exactly roll off the tongue as a viable sentence in any universe, no matter how funny it had been, nor did “Cas watched me play pool all night and I liked it.”  he rubbed the back of his neck as he pulled into traffic, searching, and Sam exclaimed, “Did you find a girl? Before nine pm on a Thursday? Jeez, Dean!”
Dean squared his shoulders and stepped across the distance between them, close enough that he could feel their towels touch, his body responding with a flush of embarrassing heat, as Castiel lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s
Coming when Castiel wanted him to seemed like the most important part of the instructions if he couldn’t carry out all of them, but it hurt to disobey, and the desperate heat in his body ebbed as the dismay he couldn’t obey grew. He waited quietly, feeling worse and worse with every passing second.
Castiel reached for his shirt, shrugged into it, the buttons incongruous over the naked flesh of his perfect stomach.
and his cock start twitching in his hand before he gave in and let the feeling take him, gasping and shuddering into Castiel’s mouth and spilling his pleasure into the scorching heat and exquisite, rhythmically spasming grip of Castiel’s body.
He stared at his phone for a long minute, but nothing came back, and he found himself so nervous his hands were shaking as he typed a followup.
lust in his eyes pulling a gasp to Dean’s lips as his hand slowly slid up his cock and started back down, muscle memory taking over but the sensation
give in the way of a creature that could die. The vein in his throat. The one that yielded instant death if torn. The language of submission, in battle, and in - in
too, y'know, stuff I've never told anyone. I bet I can give you a run for your money. Are you fucking your hand with that big cock? Are you thinking about my mouth?”
Castiel took the fork, slid it under the pie, lifted it with pie on it, but he didn’t eat it. He leaned forward to lift it towards Dean’s mouth instead, breathing, “I’ll taste it on your lips.”
Castiel thought about the question carefully. He hadn’t done anything special for Christmas in a very long time, but of all the memories he had carefully suppressed, maybe the one that he most missed was baking with his mother. Sam and Dean certainly loved pie, maybe they’d be up for it?
The car ride back to Cas’s place had started all kinds of tense, Dean’s rage ebbing and flowing in waves with the tension he could feel rolling off Castiel, sexual tension still there between them, but laced now with Castiel’s palpable fear of Dean’s reaction, his silence fraught. Dean racked his brains for what to say, but it was Castiel who broke the silence.
“Look at me,” Castiel growled, his breath heaving, his cock leaking as he rocked it over the flat of Dean’s tongue, watching with pleasure as Dean’s lips stretched to contain him. “I am going to come now, and you are going to watch.” Dean moaned, his entire body convulsing with need as he did his best to comply, tilting his head as far back as he could and remembering to take a deep breath before Castiel took his final plunge, the rhythm of Castiel’s final rapid strokes stuttering out as he groaned and shuddered, twitching deep in Dean’s throat as Dean swallowed over and over, refusing to tap out while Castiel was coming and gulping huge lungfuls of air when Castiel finally pulled out, tucked his cock back in his briefs, and pulled his trousers back up.
Dean’s eyes wandered from studying Castiel’s magical mouth back up to his smooth, unconcerned forehead and he vowed silently to himself that he would do everything in his power to make it look like that all the time. His soft sigh fluttered Castiel’s eyes open, and Dean admired the new blue they shone in this light, whispered “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Dean’s voice came out sharper than he meant it to, and he instantly regretted snapping as Castiel’s hand left his face and he stepped back, a foot of cold air between them where there had been a wall of heat before.
Cas, and Dean laughed for sheer joy, his eyes crinkling up, Castiel helpless to stop himself leaning up on one elbow to trace the gorgeousness of Dean’s laugh lines with reverent fingers.
Dean stifled a yelp as Castiel wrapped his hand around his cock and slid it down experimentally, then back up, his eyes lifting to meet Dean’s, another question on his face.
Castiel touched his forehead to Dean’s, uncertain what was happening here or how to proceed, and a long moment passed in silence, only their ragged breath and the electricity crackling in the air between them, before Castiel murmured,
,” Dean instructed, his voice dropping to a husky growl as he willed himself across space and time and into Castiel’s lap.
Dean sucked in a deep breath, his eyes refocusing on Castiel’s mouth now, even though the words were finished forming, his heart rate accidentally speeding up as he studied Castiel’s lips, and the swell of his tongue behind them, helpless to keep the full-body shudder from betraying him as he tore his eyes away from Castiel’s mouth and turned his body abruptly away from his friend.
There were cheers and simultaneous groans of disgust and the game split up, sweat-soaked men wandering over to clap Castiel on the back, or shake his hand, or give Dean a piece of their minds for the foul that cost the game. Castiel was gracious and friendly and Dean was grumpy to have lost but simultaneously proud and impressed by Castiel, all of which Castiel quietly observed and tucked away to treasure forever. Dean and Castiel eventually repaired upstairs to stand in the kitchenette, trying medium successfully not to drip on anything while they waited for Sam to get out of the shower.
When Dean’s erection finally flagged from the agony of being disobedient, he realized he was safe to touch himself again, the relief in his chest springing tears to his eyes as he squirted more lubricant in his palm and reached for his cock, stroking slowly, pleasure crashing over him in waves, and then there were footfalls on the stairs, steps coming down the hallway, electricity twisting in his stomach and racing up his spine, adrenaline that felt like terror and his cock had never been so hard in his life and Castiel’s voice, half an octave lower than usual, curling around him and
“Good,” Castiel agreed, nodding and speaking a little louder as he pressed the remote button for the garage and the door started to rattle down. “I understand. I will try to abide by your wishes, but I will likely fail and I hope you will be able to forgive me on those occasions.”  He grinned at Dean as he turned to bound up his stairs, taking them two at a time without visible effort.
-down, I suppose,” he mused, and Dean snorted and covered his mouth with his hand, even as his eyes widened.
Castiel waited in the dim fluorescent light of the tiny locker room - one of the bulbs kept blinking and buzzing - sitting on one of the two wooden benches between the rows of metal lockers with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. It smelled, too, like rubber floor matting and old sweat. This was a terrible idea, they should go somewhere else, somewhere nice, somewhere that
to be his boyfriend? Dean’s stomach twists and he forces himself to zone back into the conversation before he freaks himself out.
“You’re gonna watch Caddyshack one of these days, though, Cas,” Dean whispers when they’re settled under the blankets. “And you’re gonna appreciate it.”
Dean can hardly see, his vision swimming, but he brings the crowbar down again and again. The force of each blow vibrates painfully up through his forearms but he barely notices. He grunts with every metal-on-metal bash of the hood, and though his body starts to fatigue he doesn’t slow, just throws every ounce of his weight behind the violent destruction of his entire summer’s work.
“Wish you could join me,” Dean adds with a smirk, standing in close and sliding a hand over Cas’s hip.
“I miss swimming,” Cas finally says, and Dean watches the water as he listens. “I mean really swimming, for miles. I can travel a long way in a day.”
He pushes Sam’s door open with a muted creak to tip his head in, finding the kid sprawled on his back and breathing deeply. For a long moment he stands in the doorway and watches Sam sleep - he’s always been envious of the way the kid could just knock out, not to be disturbed for hours - before he realizes that he hasn’t moved. Mentally shaking himself, he pulls the door most of the way shut and heads across the hall for his own room.
“Dean, I - ” Cas chokes out, mouth on the side of Dean’s jaw, and it’s then that Dean notices how Cas’s thrusts have become erratic, finally losing the control he was carefully maintaining.
“Yeah? Everything good? I’m not gonna come back to shutters blown off and chairs three blocks away, right?”
“Sh-sh-shh…” His mouth brushes the skin below Dean’s ear and Alastair likes this, is getting joy out of it, Dean helpless and trembling and feeling like he’s going to be sick. Lips against his ear, Alastair whispers, “How about that swim, Dean?”
“Can we get food?” Sam asks as Dean looks from his ticket to the sign on the wall for some direction as to finding their seats.
Bobby calls when Dean’s on the bus on the way down to the inlet. Foolishly, Dean doesn’t realize what it must be about before he answers.
“That was disgusting,” he says. Cas nudges him with an elbow and shoots him a look, but he’s also smiling.
“Uh, Cassie, this is my friend… Cas.” Dean winces. To her credit, the only change in Cassie’s expression is a slight quirk of her eyebrows, and she glances between them. Dean’s suddenly aware of how Cas is standing just a bit too close behind him.
Cas makes a desperate sound as Dean pulls out of his reach to slide down his body, and Dean gives a warning squeeze to Cas’s thigh as he leaves wet kisses down his torso.
Dean can feel that Cas is still smiling when they kiss again, hands returning to one another. The rain continues to patter on the roof of the car.
“Is… he around?” Jo asks carefully. Her expression is imploring, just on this side of worried, and Dean knows she can see right through him. He avoids her eyes, jaw clenched.
“For the record,” Cas says, getting himself under control again, “it takes a fair amount of concentration. So I’d prefer to not be in the rain, but in a case of emergency I could do it.”
As the three of them pass through the exit doors and back out into the sunshine, it isn’t the rainforest or the frogs or the sharks that Dean’s mind keeps returning to. It’s the coral reef exhibit that he can’t stop thinking about, and how the tank took up three quarters of the wall space in that giant circular room. He thinks about how the colors were almost blinding, they were so bright, and about how even though the glass stretched far above their heads and almost all the way around he still felt okay, not too anxious because he was too distracted being awed by it to be afraid. There was the hushed, soft way people were talking around them, as if unwilling to disrupt the quiet. It was dark in there, just the shapes of people, shadows moving in and out of one another, outshined by the brilliance that was behind the glass.
The five of them are in room one, with music playing softly on Jo’s portable speaker and two bottles of vodka between them. Who knew the motel room could have so many uses - harboring a merman by day, hosting an underaged pregame by night.
“He said that I was staining the family by leaving, that I was disgracing all of them.” Cas’s mouth twists. “And he… just before I left, he said - ‘I hope humanity is worth it.’”
There’s a hand on his wrist, and it says his name, which it’s never done before. When did it learn his name?
Turning back to the shelf, Dean’s eyes scan quickly, looking for what he needs. Jesus, why are there so many brands?
They eat quietly for a minute or two before Sam says, “You sounded pretty mad when you were yelling at him.”
Cas is holding back laughter now as Dean backs him up into the side of the car. His ass bumps into it and Dean has him cornered. Dean plants both palms on the car on either side of him, boxing him in, while doing his best to hold back a smile.
“Uh - dustpan,” he stutters to John and Rufus with a wave of his hand when they glance at him, and he makes a beeline for the shed.
“I think Sam might know about me for sure, though,” Dean says. “I’ve never told him. But the kid just kinda knows things.”
At a loss for what else to do, Dean just nods. He holds his breath until her hand finally falls away from him.
Dean nods to the cigarette in his hand. The guy looks him up and down, slowly and with superiority, and Dean’s teeth are squeaking they’re clenched so tightly, his blood boiling. Finally, before Dean can snap, the guy pulls the pack out of his pocket.
Standing shoulder to shoulder, they look over the field. Dean is reminded of the day last week that they had gone for a run and stood quietly on the end of the pier.
“Okay,” Dean says, and realizes too late that that wasn’t really the proper response. There’s too long a pause before he awkwardly adds, “You’re welcome.”
It takes a few breaths for Cas to respond. His mouth moves a couple times on failed attempts, until he drops his eyes to the sand.
Dean stirs his soggy cornflakes around his bowl. “There was a picture of him. I found it by accident.”
Cas leaning back on his palms as he peers out over the ocean, salty breeze ruffling his hair and a thoughtful expression on his face; stretched out languidly on his back in the sand, bronze-skinned and lazy; curled up on his stomach, face resting on his folded arms, eyelashes long and dark against his cheeks; the moment when his eyelids flutter open to look directly at Dean lying next to him, and his eyes are so blue they’re captivating.
“No worries. I’ll be around all weekend, so just come over when you’re free. I’ve got the garage set up for you, you can pull her in there.”
Outside, he finds John leaning on the car, his face tucked into arms crossed on the roof of the passenger side. Frankly, Dean doesn’t know how the man’s still standing. He unlocks the car and gets in behind the wheel, saying nothing as John fumbles through the door into his own seat. Dean pulls his seatbelt across himself, sets John’s things on the bench between them, and stares resolutely ahead.
Cas nods, moving to grab one of the handles on the giant thing. He looks to Dean expectactly. Pressing his lips together, Dean grabs the other and together they heave it from the bed of the truck.
“I know you hate me naggin’ you about this, but I figure it’s the only way to get you to listen,” Bobby interrupts sternly. “I’m serious, here. You gotta go to school, Dean. You’re too smart, and too dedicated to follow your daddy around that motel. You’re too good. You need more than that.”
“I would like to help out more,” Cas had said with a shrug. “You pay for a lot of things, and I want to contribute.”
All things considered, Dean thinks he’s doing pretty well. He’s never been to an aquarium before, and he was worried about how he’d be, surrounded by water and feeling like he has the ocean on all sides. Though he’s got an uneasy sort of hum beneath his skin as they walk past tank after tank, he manages to keep it under control, shoved to the back of his mind where he can ignore it.
Dean glances up to see Cas nod, and for a second Dean is caught looking at him. Pupils blown impossibly wide, Cas has a flush over his chest and neck and his hair is a mess and he’s just about the most dazzling thing Dean has ever seen. Without preamble, he takes Cas’s cock in his hand, rock hard, and slicks him up.
“Alright,” Cas says again. “I’ll come - I’ll come home. Before the next moon, I’ll return. You… you have my word.”
Still, Dean says nothing. On the other end of the line, he hears Jody take a breath. When she speaks again, her voice is softer, like she’s turned her back to the room and is speaking quietly into the mouthpiece.
“This is private property,” Dean growls. “You should leave. And take the rotten fish smell with you.”
The doubt that Cas expresses regarding John makes Dean’s stomach twist vaguely. He knows Cas hasn’t had the best impressions of the man from the things Dean has told him, as well as his own experiences with him - particularly, that time in the middle of the night John had come home drunk and irritable. Still, it makes Dean feel weird that Cas obviously dislikes him. Like he needs to defend his father, somehow. It’s not a new feeling.
Gabriel huffs at Dean’s lack of amusement. “They all think I’m dead, kid,” he says with a broad gesture over the water. He turns back to Dean to wag an emphatic finger at him. “And lemme tell ya, life is just way better that way. Ask me the last time I had anyone telling me what to do. Go ahead, ask me.”
“He hasn’t totally decided, but he’s been lookin’ at apartments there, so it seems likely,” Jo says.
“Exactly,” Cas smiles and looks at him softly, his eyes crinkled a bit in the corners and Dean can’t help but brush his hair back from his forehead affectionately.
“It was probably someone’s flash,” Dean says, voice thick. “From their phone, someone who was recording.”
There’s a weight in his chest, and it’s not new. The one that’s been there all this time - like a stockless anchor hanging heavy from his heart, the flukes of which with their tendency to clang against the backside of his ribs. When strong, slender fingers comb fondly through his hair; at the sight of water droplets painted across a pair of naked shoulders, the way the moonlight reflects within each one; in the jolting moments each time he’s caught in an inexplicably familiar blue-eyed stare. He doesn’t know why it took until now for him to admit he knew this all along.
“Dean, come on,” his dad calls, and he sounds mad - or maybe he sounds afraid, or tired - but lately it’s been hard to tell the difference. His voice is getting closer. “Don’t do this, bud.”
“My dad, he - he used to have a boat,” Dean starts. “He loved that thing. He called her The Colt, and she was real pretty, and we used to go out on the water, all the time. Since before Sammy was born, even.”
“Sure, sweetie. Oh, by the way, Jo and I are drivin’ down to Assateague for the day on Tuesday if you’d like to come. We’re leavin’ early, but Sam said he’d join us.”
In his own bed, Dean lies awake for a long time. He watches his dreamcatcher where it hangs above his head, how it rotates back and forth on its string - just a few degrees before turning slowly the other way. Its feathers flutter softly in the light breeze from the open window. Shelley the dolphin is beneath the covers beside him, soft against his arm.
Allowing himself to catch his breath, Dean takes his time as he meanders to the very end, in no rush. There are only a few other people on the dock with him, enjoying the weather and the view of the water. No one else stands at the eastern-most point, the railing clear where it faces the horizon, and he settles there at the end. Resting his elbows on the wood, he breathes in the salty air and squints out over the water as his heart rate slows to normal. The tides are calm, white caps few and far between, and he lets himself think about the last time he stood here, sharing the view.
“Taffy?” Holding out a handful of individually wrapped saltwater taffies, he finally turns to Dean for the first time.
Each night, however, Cas says he feels less and less like he needs to use the tub at all. By Monday night, he’s insisting he can wait for the next day, keeping his legs for the whole night, but Dean’s nervous that he’ll get sick when he doesn’t have someone to help him, so Cas agrees to utilize room one for a last time.
He thinks about what Cassie said as he flips Sam’s grilled cheese on the stove. Salisbury orientation is at the end of next week, which means Jo’s leaving for school. Probably Ash, too, around the same time. No wonder they want to do a boardwalk blaze - it’s probably their last chance.
” Cas tilts his head to show them, and Dean thinks Sam might have a freakin’ nerdy aneurysm blow. “Wow! How fast can you swim? Faster than a shark?”
To his left, Dean sees a figure step out into the hallway, tense and bristling. Shaking his head ever so slightly, Dean lifts a hand out towards Cas to stop him from coming closer.
He drops his head and shuffles to the mattress to drop carefully onto it. Crawling to his spot by the wall, Dean settles on his back with his eyes trained on the ceiling, and he waits for Cas to lie down beside him. When Cas sinks back into the pillows and they’re both lying still, Dean carefully counts his breaths. He gets to eight. Then twelve. Seventeen.
They kiss lazily for a long moment, and when Cas finally pulls away, it’s with a gentle tug of Dean’s lower lip between his teeth. Dean groans softly, and takes his time opening his eyes.
“I thought you were dead, dude!” She punches him in the shoulder, hard. “Seriously, like - throat fucking slit, at the bottom of the ocean gonna wash up in five days dead - ”
Then, a moment where several things happen at once. Alastair gives one last heave, and Dean feels the ground disappear from under him, and he scrambles; there’s a cry of pain, loud, right in his ear, which he’s pretty certain doesn’t come from himself; the hands in his shirt disappear, but new ones grab at his shoulders hard; his own hands flail out and make contact with the edge of the pool and he clings for his life; there’s a splash, and his legs are suddenly soaked, water seeping into his jeans.
Figuring it’s a better time than any, Dean suggests they pack up and head back to the Bunker. His shoulders feel warm and a little tender, like he might have gotten a bit too much sun, too. No doubt he probably has twice the number of freckles he had earlier.
He whips around with a splash but Sam is gone, and the couch is gone. It’s an empty shed filling with water, rising steadily, up to his belly button now.
Dean just nods, unable to say more. He’s trying not to think about salt water, or the pull of the current, or the feeling of wet sand beneath his palms.
Dean stops in his own bedroom briefly to set Missouri’s gift on his dresser, and then he and Castiel go to Sam’s.
“Good,” Naomi says shortly, brusquely recomposing herself. “I’m glad you’re not as foolish as your brother.”
“You’re moving like eight hours away, dude. You really wanna drive down to Salisbury for the weekends?”
“And I see the way you look at each other, Dean. What the hell am I supposed to do with that? Not to mention, you’ve been blushing more recently than you ever have - ”
“Holy shit,” Sam whispers. Dean nudges him absently with his elbow for the language but he can’t help but agree.
“So, all those merpeople in your pod,” Dean starts. He leans forward to rest his elbows on his knees. “Are you related to all of them?”
He can’t tell if it’s twilight or dawn, but there’s a strange lapping sound and he squints out through the grimy pane.
“Cas,” Dean breathes as Cas kisses along the tendon of his neck, sucking as he gets to the base. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if it leaves a mark, and the thought has his skin feeling hot. Cas makes a noise of acknowledgement in his throat but doesn’t stop, and Dean tugs at his shirt. “Take this off.”
Dean gets the door unlocked and they burst through, both of them almost going tumbling to the floor. They make it to the bathroom, and Dean flicks on the light before gently letting Cas down onto the toilet. He drops the dolphin to the tile and moves to the tub, shunting on the water at full blast.
The two of them hang out in Sam’s room for much of the night. Sam lends Dean a book off his shelf and Dean sprawls across the bed with it, Sam stationed at his desk.
“Why not?” Dean shuffles some more things around. Maybe he should just take everything out and wipe down the inside. He hesitates. Yeah, that’s a good idea. He starts grabbing things off the door and moving them to the counter.
“Oh, baby,” she says, and there’s that mothery tone that she sometimes adopts that makes Dean’s stomach coil sharply. Reaching out, she touches her fingertips to his forearm before he can think about flinching away. “Tides are changing, I know. But there’s no need to fear it, honey.”
“Yeah? So you didn’t have a problem with what I told you, you just didn’t want to date someone that - ”
“It’s - ” Dean tries to think of the right word. “- distracting. But it’s fine. You don’t need to - ”
Hands held up in the space in front of him like he can somehow physically stop this entire thing from happening, Dean casts his eyes between Sam and Cas. Sam, mouth hanging open and eyes as wide as saucers, and Cas, apparently calm as can be, simply waiting for whatever is going to happen next.
“I’m just fine, Dean, I’m just fine,” Missouri says in her feather-light voice as she adjusts her shawl on her shoulders. “I wanted to say congratulations, dear, on your graduation.”
No more resistance left in him, Dean follows, allowing himself to be led back to the mattress. He crawls on, sluggishly, and he feels heavy when he settles again on his back.
“Dude, you scared the shit out of me.” Dean can’t even find it in himself to be angry at the guy yet, as relieved as he is that he didn’t just get eaten by a deep sea creature. He carefully picks himself off the ground and makes his way back towards the pool. “What the hell are you doing? Pool hopping is like, illegal, and I could totally call the cops on you right now, man.”
The arcade is just as loud and busy inside as Dean feared it would be. He hesitates in the doorway, but trails after the others when he feels he might get left behind. When they’re deep into the arcade, Ash and Andy dodge off to play whatever it is they play here, and Dean stands uselessly in the aisle.
Cas waits in the yard to watch the chickens as Dean heaves the box of parts up to the front porch. The guy eyes him suspiciously when he answers the door, even though Dean knows Bobby told him he was coming, but he takes the box of parts with a grunt and a nod. Dean shakes his head as he walks off the porch as the guy closes the door. Bobby’s got weird friends.
“I heard their rugby house throws some crazy parties,” she says encouragingly, slurping the last of her soda through her straw. “You should drive down.”
Dean couldn’t stop staring, at the time. He was captured by the beauty of it, and couldn’t look away. There was Cas, standing completely still before the tank, face tipped up and eyes wide and so impossibly blue in that moment, the light rippling across his features and Dean had just stared. Cas’s profile was sharp, illuminated by the dancing colors he stood before. He had raised a hand and laid his palm against the glass, at shoulder height, and the ocean recognized him.
Cas shifts, and he hits a spot deep inside Dean that’s white-hot and Dean groans. He can feel Cas’s wet mouth, open wide against his chest and breathing hard.
After a moment, Gabriel makes a noise in his throat. “Nah,” he says. “That kid’s always been better than me.”
“Inias and I had a lot in common when we were younger. He’s quite a bit older, but we were both very competitive, and involved in sport.”
Dean holds his hand out so Sam can pass a little crab to him. It scuttles around, and it tickles as it tries to burrow into his palm.
And Dean has just enough time to fill his lungs with a large draw of oxygen before they go under again.
“Sam, close that box up when you’re done, okay?” Dean says, shoving the rest of his donut in his mouth and brushing off his hands as he strides out of the kitchen.
Bobby considers Dean from under the brim of his cap. His voice is still soft when he asks, “How long you known?”
“Are you alright?” Cas blinks at him, unfolding himself from where he had his legs curled up on the cushion.
Dean inserts some quarters, and moves back so Castiel can step up to the game. When he doesn’t, Dean shakes his head and takes Cas by the shoulders, pushing him up into position.
“My mom drowned,” he says. “That’s the official cause of death, which I didn’t know ‘till I found a newspaper clipping in my dad’s duffel, years afterward. My dad had tried to save her, according to the article, but she was tangled up in something as the boat was sinking, and he couldn’t hold his breath long enough to get her out. And my fucking life jacket was unbuckled and he couldn’t - he couldn’t do both.” Dean swallows down the nausea rising inside him. “But it said, my mom - apparently, she was badly burned. Enough that they didn’t think she would’ve survived anyway, if my dad had gotten her out. And I don’t know, I hope - I hope my dad believes that. You know, so he doesn’t - so he doesn’t think - ”
His one arm, the one that Cas has, is cool compared to the rest of him, the only part of his body under the shade of the umbrella. They had taken it from the Bunker and it now lays in the sand on its side with Cas curled beneath its shade, creating a wall between them and the other beach-goers. It’s a crowded day, but in the seclusion of their little hideaway it almost doesn’t feel like it. Dean’s amulet is warm where it rests against his sternum.
He’s okay. That was just some dumb overreaction, probably because he got hardly any sleep the night before.
“No,” she says softly, and it’s as though she lets the word past her lips by accident. Cas slowly lifts his head to meet her gaze.
Dean doesn’t even have time to regret staying and talking, but if he had just left when he saw Cas was still sleeping, it never would’ve happened. Maybe it would’ve, eventually, because his little brother is a nosy bitch and is too smart for his own good, but Dean was hoping to delay this conversation at least just a
He finds the Roadrunner around back, parked outside. It had been in the garage so it wouldn’t get rained on before being painted, but Bobby must have pulled it out to get the garage ready. Dean rounds the car slowly.
Squeezing through all the drunk teenagers, Dean follows Andy towards the back door. As soon as they’re outside on the stoop, the noise drops significantly. Dean lets his eyes adjust to the dark, and he blinks at the people sitting on the stair.
“I know I won’t be far, but I don’t think I’ll come home every weekend,” Jo says with a shrug. “And Andy said he might be moving to Wye Mills to go to community college there, didn’t he tell you that?”
Dean hesitates. He wants to, he really does. But he also wanted to be brave the last three times, and each occasion he’d frozen up, his stomach twisting and his breath catching and he was sure he was gonna die.
,” Cas growls, and Dean’s startled to hear the anger in his voice. He’s never heard Cas pissed before. “You were a child.”
When they get off, Ash immediately announces (loudly) that they need pizza. That, paired with their bloodshot eyes and the skunky smell they no doubt bring off the ride with them is definitely suspicious, but they don’t attract anything more than weird looks as they make for the crowds.
As though he was thinking the same thing, Cas comes up behind Dean while he’s testing the temperature of the water.
With his boots on the floor, John’s knees come almost to this chin. He rubs his hands together  slowly in his lap, and Dean gapes at him. Seconds tick by, Dean holding his breath and his dad saying nothing, his jaw clenched as he stares at the carpet.
As much as Dean hates to admit that Jo was right, Vic’s new girlfriend does seem like a bit of a bitch. She’s got a haughty air to her the whole ride, and she holds the joint delicately between two fingers as if she doesn’t want to catch their germs.
“Dean,” Cas sounds cautious, and his change in tone draws Dean up short. His stomach pangs again, knowing he’s not going to like what Cas has to say. “Yesterday, on the beach, I noticed… bruises. Small ones, along your ribs. Are those… from this?”
“I’ve been calling you all fucking night!” Jo hisses, making an obvious effort to keep her voice down.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” When Gabriel doesn’t answer, Dean huffs. “Why were you looking for me in the first place?”
Dean’s got a heat in his belly that’s urgent and insistent, flaring up as Cas drops his head to leave open-mouthed kisses across his collar-bone.
They’re in a grassy backyard and there’s a pebbled path that Dean knows well, but it leads back into some trees to a shabby building that doesn’t belong. Dean hesitates, disconcerted, but only for a moment.
“This is a good spot for this,” Dean murmurs. He lets his own hands trail over Cas’s torso, palm skimming across his chest beneath his shirt. The TV still plays softly, forgotten by the both of them.
Dean wakes up before Cas on Sunday. John had left the day before, without more than a note on the kitchen table -
A moment passes, and John doesn’t move away from the door. When Dean glances at him, it’s to find John staring at him, his face set but his gaze sort of tight and unfocused. He has a frown between his dark eyes, and Dean immediately feels unsettled. He fidgets.
After a moment, Cas tangles their fingers. He pulls Dean’s hand towards himself, and their eyes meet as Cas presses his lips to Dean’s knuckles, then again. Dean’s mouth stretches into a soft smile. He lets his eyes drift shut again.
Benny looks up from where he’s pouring a customer a coffee and smiles. “Dean-o! Haven’t seen you around in a while, brotha’,” he drawls.
“Yes. You are.” Dean chuckles, and pokes at Cas’s side. He jerks with a grunt, and throws Dean an unconvincing glare.
John licks his lips and glances away, finally taking a step back until he’s leant against the counter. It’s defeat, and it makes Dean feel nauseous. He’s had nearly a year to reconcile with this, but seeing his father admit it in every line of his body has Dean’s stomach souring hot and angry.
“Yo, Sammy!” Dean calls, tossing the Impala’s keys into the dish on the end table in the hallway, and making his way towards the bedrooms.
“Cas,” Dean says when he can’t take it anymore, and his voice is raw and he barely recognizes it, but this is all too much and he blinks to dispel the moisture in his eyes. “Cas, come here.”
Meg turns to him, looks him up and down. “Point taken,” she says. “You’ve got your territory marked.”
He’s slowing down, his limbs getting heavier and heavier, sluggish. A blackness is creeping in from all sides, his vision blurring and he can’t even see his hands in front of him, it’s so dark.
His dad’s voice sounds thick in Dean’s ear, pleading, and Dean wants to do as he’s told, he does, but he can feel its eyes boring holes in his back and the water sloshes as it flexes its giant, glimmering tail -
Finally, John follows, and they all settle at the rickety table that is just barely big enough for the four of them. Dean doesn’t think it’s ever had this many people around it - he wonders if his dad has ever used it at all.
Cas glances down at Dean’s hand, where he’s digging his thumb sharply between his ribs. He didn’t even realize he was doing it. He drops his hand to his lap.
Disquieted, he feels like he can’t sit still. He moves some things around on the desk. He picks up a newspaper from beside the computer and stares blankly at the front. He tosses it back down, scrapes a hand through his hair.
“Get that bitchy look off your face, Sam.” Dean turns and walks away before he can see Sam’s face get bitchier. “It was my job, and I didn’t get it done.”
“What’s this?” Cas asks as he pulls out the envelope, unfolding it. Sam turns his head, and Dean straightens up.
“Seventy-seven years ago,” Cas tries to eat faster than his desert is melting, and Dean finds it pretty entertaining to watch. Dean had gotten his own in a cup to avoid the very problem Cas and his brother are having, despite Sam’s disapproval and his insistence that “
“That fucking sink in Mrs. Tran’s room needs fixing again, and then I’ve gotta drive up to Fenwick, so I won’t be around to make sure you get your shit done. So get it done.”
“That’s not exactly how I remember our last meeting,” Alastair snarls, and then Jo is there at Dean’s side and she tugs on his arm.
Dean swallows. Something doesn’t feel right. His skin crawls, and the hair on the back of his neck prickles aggressively.
There’s a soft slosh as Cas startles, and Dean wants to apologize but he’s having a little trouble catching his breath.
Bobby’s quiet for a thoughtful moment, and Dean resists the urge to twitch under his scrutiny, uses everything to keep himself still.
His gut swoops at the sight of it, a feeling like that moment at the top of a ferris wheel, or the split second of being caught in the tide as it draws back into the ocean, and he’s jolted with it. He feels far away from himself. As he stands there, the cavern inside him breaks open - like an underwater abyss, it sucks everything into its endless depth. It’s the feeling that’s been chasing him, and he’s finally splintering. It cracks the hull of him to take on water, and he’s left gasping.
Watching helplessly from under the portico, Dean scrapes a distressed hand backwards through his hair before flinching down as another crack of thunder splits the sky.
Dean and Cas discuss Dean's habit of digging his fingers into his ribs, and Dean explains that it makes him feel better when his stomach aches with anxiety. Cas mentions bruises he notices along Dean's ribcage, a result of his habit.
Cas tells them his favorite was the frogs, if it weren’t obvious. They had twelve different species in the rainforest exhibit at the top floor, and Cas insisted on spotting every one within the plants before they could move on. Dean and Sam had gone along with it, though Sam had started to complain of being bored after a while.
“Fuck,” he mutters emphatically, and all but falls forward onto Castiel, catching himself with a hand on his thigh and one on the armrest.
It’s a Tuesday evening when Dean gets his first look at what Cas and Sam have been doing all this time on their own.
When Dean and Cas get back to the apartment, Sam is no longer in the living room and his bedroom door is shut. Honestly, Dean’s relieved to not have to deal with him nagging again.
“I know you will,” John says, and he reaches over and claps Dean on the shoulder. His eyes flit over Dean’s face and again, Dean gets the feeling that John isn’t quite finished, that there’s more that he wants to say. Ultimately, John just nods.
John grunts and nods once at him, unscrewing the cap of his beer and flicking it easily into the trash. “Be home before ten.”
“People like to hear things out loud, Dean,” Sam says, and he sounds like he’s talking to an imbecile. When it comes to this, he probably thinks he is. “He might know it, but you should still say it. I’m sure he wants you to say it.”
The alarm must show on Dean’s face because Cas frowns across the space between them, suddenly concerned. He turns away from the girl and makes towards Dean just as Alastair points at his turned back and says something to Azazel, who nods.
“That’s Bones, my goldfish. I don’t think he’s feeling well. So did you just graduate, too?” Sam asks.
They hang out at Dairy Queen for well over an hour before they finally all decide it’s time to head home.
Dean buys the cheapest seats they have and the three of them follow the crowd through the doors of the stadium.
Cas nods. They stop in Dean’s room briefly to change into pajamas and then make their way back to the living room, their footsteps soft and muffled on the carpet.
“Alright,” Benny says slowly, sounding a little skeptical. He glances back at Castiel, who stares at Dean a beat longer before turning and giving Benny a smile. “Well, welcome to the white marlin capital, then.”
Shuffling through Sam’s dresser, Dean grabs a couple t-shirts and two pairs of jeans, shoving them in the backpack. He starts looking for where the kid keeps his underwear.
,” John’s nearly shouting now, pointing his beer at Dean’s chest across their tiny kitchen, but Dean doesn’t take a step back, he doesn’t. In fact, he finds he’s just getting angry, his fists clenched hard at his sides.
“Well,” he says, keeping his voice low but aware that Sam can hear every word. He glances away from Cas’s face, unable to hold his gaze. “Do - do you want to be?”
“Despite your objectionable insistence on following in his wake in all other matters.” Hands clasped in front of her and again standing tall, Naomi says it like an insult. She clears her throat. “Anyway. We must be getting back.”
Feet feeling heavy and sneakers dragging across the carpet, Dean follows the sound of boots on linoleum.
, like - like, I don’t know, I had to shut my eyes it was so bright. I dunno what it was from.” She swallows, shaking her head.
“It smells like fruit,” Cas says, and he’s right. It’s a strong smell, like peaches or something, and it diffuses throughout the car.
“Dude, he was wearing your clothes every day, you think I didn’t notice that?” Sam brandishes the butter knife as he talks.
you start it, Sam,” Dean says with a roll of his eyes, his bare feet slapping on the concrete and a couple of towels in his arms as he makes his way over to the pool. “Why you’d start a splashing war with a guy who has a giant tail is beyond me.”
Dean drops the lime from his mouth into his palm, leaving it on the coffee table and straightening up to put on his shirt.
Dean looks at Cas’s hopeful expression, and his resolve breaks. “Okay, fine. But I only have ten bucks left, so we can only ride a few.”
“I don’t think that piece of shit Chevelle would make it that far, anyway, but - ” There’s a soft jingle, Dean’s frown deepening in confusion, and John pulls the Impala’s keys from his pocket.
Swinging the Impala into the lot, Dean pulls her carefully into her spot outside the apartment. She falls quiet as he shuts her off, and then there’s just the faint buzzing from the neon sign overhead and the ticking of the cooling engine. Dean casts a sidelong glance at his dad, who hasn’t moved.
The three of them flag down a northbound bus and clamber on. They find three seats together, and Dean sits between them.
“Dean,” Cas says into his mouth, and it comes out soft on the edge of a breath and Dean just about melts under his touch.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks with a nod, and he swallows. His own hand slows on Cas’s cock as he watches Cas slick up his palm before reaching down. Dean pulls in his breath sharply as Cas wraps his long fingers around the base of his dick, and he nods in encouragement when Cas flicks his gaze up to his face. “Yeah, Cas, like that.”
And so it was Friday morning that Cas had come back from a walk through town to announce that he’d found a job and he starts on Sunday.
Dean shakes his head. “Rent was due the end of the week, of course, and the landlord was a prick. He threatened to call CPS, so I grabbed Sammy and got the hell outta there.”
“What are you - ” Cas chokes out, eye wide as he watches Dean’s fingers disappear between his lips, and when he pulls them out they’re slick and glistening, a string of spit connecting his fingertips to his mouth momentarily and Cas gapes at him.
,” Dean sighs. There’s the net, floating innocently several feet from the edge. Dammit. Now what? He can’t exactly go in there and get it.
Slowly, Dean sits up in bed. The light coming in from behind the curtains is afternoon-soft, and his eyes feel puffy, but he’s distracted by how badly he needs to pee. He pushes himself to his feet and pads across the hall to the bathroom.
“I know I owe you an explanation,” John says stiltedly to his hands, while Dean tries to ignore the way his stomach is rolling. “And Sam. About - your brother.”
Dean lets Sam take over, passing over the lighter and the control of the fireworks, much to the kid’s elation. He mostly just stands back and watches, content just seeing how much the others are enjoying it. Sam lets Jo light the next few, and the both of them show Cas how to do a couple, too. Cas burns his thumb once, and while he’s mildly startled at first, staring at his thumb like he’s personally offended that the lighter would do that, it doesn’t keep him from wanting to light another one.
Cas breaks the kiss with a wet sound, shaking his head, and he says, “Dean, I’m going to - I have to - ”
“I already bought the stuff from him. You can pay me back later. And I won’t even charge you for what he smokes,” she jerks her head towards Cas. “Because I love you so much and want you to come.”
The morning light slants in brightly as Dean stirs awake, and he squints his eyes against it. He lets himself breathe a while, eyelids drooped low as he becomes more conscious. When he finally blinks his eyes open, blearily, it’s to find himself looking at Cas’s sleeping face.
“I’m willing to compromise on this,” John says to the far-off night sky, where the clouds are thin and whisping.
Dean can feel Cas’s eyes boring holes through him as he fiddles with a small tear in his sweatpants over his knee. He thinks about his dad. He thinks about Cas’s family. He thinks about answering to others, and meeting expectations, and doing as they’re told.
John’s eyes are dark, and they study Dean like he, too, is seeing him for the first time. His eldest son of three, looking at him steadily through the dim midnight room. Dean’s voice doesn’t waver, the words not catching in his belly to twist and sour.
Cas tilts his head in confusion. “I don’t feel hot.” He touches his forehead with the back of his hand. “Do I feel hot?”
It’s strange, the way the ocean breeze seems to take his words from him. No echo, just gone over the water, nearly drowned out by the sound of the crashing waves. Still, they come from within him, untangling from beneath his sternum, and that’s what matters.
There’s the sound of the field rustling and of their lips brushing, of their breath between them. They stand as close as they can, completely flush and trying to be nearer. Dean gets a hand tangled in Cas’s t-shirt and holds on desperately, licking past his lips to taste him and holding back a noise in his throat as he does.
Cas blinks down at him, his eyebrows drawn together sharply in the middle, looking freaked out. Dean sees his own hand, knuckles stark white, clutching the front of Cas’s shirt, and Cas has a hand around his wrist.
Frantically, Dean scrambles. He’s managed to catch himself on the ledge by his arms, his legs hanging down into the water where they kick and splash. He hoists himself up and out until he’s facedown on the cement, with the help of the pair of hands clinging to his shoulders.
Benny comes through the door and makes his way over to them with a couple of glasses of water and some menus.
It’s the most noise he’s made in nearly a month, and it seems to take his dad by surprise, startle him. Dean shrieks, clawing at his dad to pick him back up as the monster’s long, slender fingers stretch out for his shoulder. Alarmed at Dean’s panic, his dad scoops him back into his arms, away from the monster, and Dean dissolves into tears.
Dean pulls his popsicle from his mouth with a sigh. “It’s a tradition that me and Jo and some other friends have.”
“I don’t remember,” he murmurs. He risks a glance at Cas’s face and finds him looking dubious. “Really, I don’t,” he insists. “I hardly ever remember my nightmares after I wake up.”
“We all know this isn’t the first time we’ve picked him up,” Jody says. “Maybe a night in here’ll do him some good.”
Dean shakes his head. His brother’s been going on with these questions since the second they left the Bunker.
“Ignore him,” Dean mutters. “He’s a brat about this stuff sometimes. Anyway, I’ll leave the key under the mat outside the door, okay?”
“What’s that look for?” Dean asks, self conscious. Cas’s hair is impossibly soft between his fingers.
“Alright, since they won the last one, they go first,” Dean explains. “You ready to kick their ass?” Dean nudges at Cas with his elbow, shooting him a grin.
Dean’s stomach flutters aggressively when Cas immediately kisses him back. His lips are wet against Dean’s but they’re warm, and they’re insistent. He can taste the chlorine on them.
“So,” Naomi interrupts, doing a haughty sweep of Dean from head to toe with narrowed eyes. “This is the human, is it?”
“Anyway, Dean, I’ve got somethin’ came in the mail for you in the house. If you wanna take a look,” Bobby says.
“Who you talkin’ to? Thought I heard voices,” Rufus says, sauntering up to the edge to stand by Dean.
In that moment, standing frozen at the edge of the ocean, his heart hammering in his chest and his lips parted in wonder, there are many things that should catch Dean’s attention.
More than the game, Cas loves watching the people in the crowd who show up on the Jumbotron, and the way they laugh and wave when they notice the camera on them.
,” Sam hisses, righting the broom and being extra careful to shut the shed door quietly. He holds up the inner tube. “I got it.”
“Because she’s known since yesterday,” Dean explains with a roll of his eyes. He slides into the driver’s seat beside Cas.
“Dean,” John comes out of the motel, sliding the door shut behind himself. “What are you standing around for? This shit’s not gonna pick itself up.”
Cas shifts next to him. He doesn’t say anything, but he makes a soft noise of acknowledgement in his throat.
Pushing the door open with a dull creak, Dean finds John sitting on the edge of his bed, elbows on his knees. Dean casts his eyes around the room, thinks it looks like his dad’s straightened up a bit. His duffel sits open and empty outside the closet. Dean meets his dad’s eye.
“Let’s start with these,” Sam says, taking a few of the Roman candles and passing them around to everyone. “De’, you got your lighter?”
“Who’s out here?” Booms a stern voice, and Dean’s heart hammers. Rufus. He must’ve been working the night shift at the front desk.
Dean swallows. He concentrates on Cas’s thumb, which trails over his knuckles, back and forth. He concentrates on the rhythm of it, and how he can feel Cas’s breath, warm on his shoulder.
Dean breathes. He looks at Cas and he concentrates on breathing, bringing air in and pushing it smoothly out. He breathes until he can match it with the tide, without it getting caught beneath his ribs.
“You ready to go, Sammy?” Dean asks, and Sam nods. He and Cas stand and they all make their way back to the car.
There’s a beat where Bobby just frowns at him, and while it’s only a couple of seconds it feels so long that Dean thinks he might crack open under his stare.
Cas slides his palm into Dean’s, making to tangle their fingers together, and Dean panics. As if he were burned, Dean yanks his hand away and shoves it in his pocket. His face flushes and he doesn’t look at Cas, and he’s saved from having to say anything or meet his eyes as Garth opens the gate and lets them through.
He sets Sammy up on the little loveseat. It doesn’t have cushions, and the arm has a chunk out of it that might’ve been from rats, but it’s not too uncomfortable and it’s the reason Dean picked this place. It’s damp and dark, but the roof only leaks in the one corner and it’s not far from the elementary school or the motel.
A solo cup already in her hand, Jo is talking to a group Dean doesn’t know a little ways further down the dock. She waves them over, and Dean goes grudgingly.
Pants still unbuttoned, Dean crosses to his mattress and stares down at a small package lying placidly on his pillow, an envelope below it. The package is small and wrapped in brown paper and though he hasn’t seen it in months, Dean recognizes it immediately. Slowly, he reaches down and picks it up.
, it’s - it’s an ‘exciting exploration of our local watershed!’ It says it right here, it’s great for those interested in a future in marine biology.”
Breathing through his nose, Dean glares down at him, and John meets the look unwaveringly. Dean’s fingers twitch.
Beside him, Cas shifts towards him. Without needing to see, Dean knows he’s reaching for the shallow cut beneath his hairline.
Spotting a piece that had fallen under the table, Dean reaches for it and snags it from the carpet. He passes it to Cas, who takes it with a smile.
“Seriously, Cas,” Dean says. His tone doesn’t leave room for argument. When he forces himself to raise his eyes, it’s to see Cas with a wary, closed-off expression. Finally, Cas nods.
“Yeah, that’s good.” Dean purses his lips to keep from smiling, but when he glances up it’s to find Sam and Jo both smirking at him. He shoots them a glare and turns his back to them, ignoring their snickers. “Do you need to be picked up?”
“You’re good boys,” John slurs into the pillow, his eyes already closed, but it’s muffled and Dean’s not sure if he hears correctly.
The buildings rise over the horizon and get taller, and Dean recognizes the skyline. He hasn’t been to Baltimore since a school field trip his sophomore year, but he finds it hard to forget. He doesn’t think Sammy’s ever been, unless they all went as a family when he was just a baby. Dean doesn’t remember.
“You’re unbelievable,” Dean says with a shake of his head. “Would you be laughing if I had to drag your fish ass back to the car? I don’t think so! Your freaking tail wouldn’t even fit - ”
“You’re actually going?” Sam demands in a hiss that is hopefully quiet enough to be drowned out by the gurgling fish tank and the wall between rooms.
Bobby shrugs. “Sorry, kid. I know it’s your call. Just know I’ll back you, no matter what.” He claps Dean on the shoulder, who nods.
Thinking back, Dean realizes Cas must’ve hit Alastair, must’ve pushed him in to keep Dean from being the one with that fate. Dean wants to say something to him about it, but he doesn’t.
A young officer Dean doesn’t recognize greets him with a nod from behind the desk when he comes through the door. He must know why Dean’s there before he can introduce himself, because he tells Dean he’ll go get Sheriff Mills. Dean glances around.
“Uh, yeah, okay,” Dean replies, but that raises a new question. He hesitates a moment before he asks, “So, when are you coming back?”
.” She says the last word with an air of disgust, as though she finds it all revolting. “Walking with legs as if they belong on you - not responding to any of your family when we tried to make contact, frolicking around with -
“Oh,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck a bit self-consciously. “I must’ve got a scented one by accident.”
“Does that feel good?” Dean whispers, using his two handfuls of Cas’s ass to pull him down to meet the thrusts of his hips. Cas can only nod in response. They work up a rhythm, Cas dropping his forehead down to rest against Dean’s, and Dean can feel the muscles in Cas’s back and ass flexing under his hands and it’s not enough.
“I’ll have my phone on me if you need something,” Dean says as he collects his wallet from the table in the hallway.
Shooting her an unconvincing smile, Dean pushes off from the desk. He leaves through the slider and heads off to find his dad.
Gently, Dean leads his dad down the hall. He catches a glimpse of Cas stepping back into his room as he turns around, but is confident that his dad didn’t see a thing.
When he looks up from the carpet it’s to find Sam standing only feet from him in the hallway, evidently eavesdropping. It’s obvious he heard the entire conversation, because the kid’s expression is absolutely elated, grinning from ear to ear.
That night, Dean moves back into his own room. He collects his things from Sam’s floor and returns them to his bed, arranging it all neatly like he likes. He pulls Shelley the dolphin out from where she was wedged between the mattress and the nightstand and returns her to her spot beneath the covers.
“Yeah, and they’ve actually improved a lot. At least, they did where we were looking. Population went up like thirty percent, and you could tell how their whole surrounding habitat had changed.”
Dean had taught him about that, about how cars were ladies and needed to be treated with respect, and Cas had nodded seriously and said he understands now why Dean has a pet name for his. So his use of the pronoun has Dean grinning wider - Jesus, Cas is cute, sitting to his right with the wind blowing his hair across his forehead and calling the car a ‘she.’
Dean takes a breath. He avoids Cas’s gaze and makes to roll off of him, onto his own side of the bed, but is caught by Cas’s arm around him.
“Alright,” Cas says, dropping his hand from where he was biting anxiously at his thumbnail. “Thank you for the ride.”
Dean asks John for grocery money on Saturday, and Sam and Cas come along. He vetoes the sugary cereal Sam picks out, but lets him get popsicles instead.
“He’s my friend, too, Dean. And I’m tired of how you’re treating him.” Sam pauses, and Dean braces himself. “He doesn’t have to stick around, you know. If you keep treating him like this, you’re gonna push him away.”
“Yes. She’s the only one younger than me, actually. We’re not close in age, but my next older sibling is one hundred and eight, so I’m much closer to her than the rest.”
The space in front of them, stretching from their side of the building all the way to the other, is entirely water. In place of the floor, there is instead a coral reef. The very center goes down deep, probably to the floor below them, but around the edges near the glass that encloses it the water’s shallow, maybe just a couple of feet.
anymore, but he can tell himself now that it’s only because he’s too tall to fit comfortably in the tub. Pool parties can sometimes be awkward, but Dean’s gotten good at making excuses as to why he can’t get in the water. Excuses other than the fact that he’s a stupid baby who’s afraid to freakin’ swim.
Castiel listened to dead air for a minute while his heart slowed, then he pulled his robe shut with his clean hand and wandered into the kitchen to wash his hands and microwave his dinner again. His body couldn’t decide if it was sated or desperate to go again thinking about Dean in the shower, but that last orgasm had
The conference room was already about half full when Castiel arrived. The table was moved to the side and several dozen extra chairs had been brought in, arranged roughly in rows facing the whiteboard instead of around the table as usual. It looked like everyone was invited. Oh Joy, this would take at minimum two hours then, and that meant Castiel was not going to be able to pop over to the deli next door for lunch because the girl that made his sandwiches exactly the way he liked left at one thirty and the teenager that came in at two never got it right and he simply could not abide pickles and -
Castiel lifted his head from Dean’s chest where he was currently torturing a nipple, his face fierce. His eyes grazed over the tear tracks on Dean’s cheeks, and his expression softened; he met Dean’s gaze with such approval on his face that Dean gasped out loud at the pleasure that bloomed in his chest to see it.
I shouldn’t bend over that pool table, Sammy, but I did it anyway and Cas couldn’t handle this sweet ass, drove him
Castiel smirked at Ash’s neon green flip-flops, then turned to the front of the room as Zachariah and Dean Winchester entered. Zachariah, well over six feet tall, gray-haired, and dressed in his customary suit and tie, looked far less imposing than usual walking beside the strikingly attractive tall young man modeling a dark suit and tie beside him. Zachariah had a hand on Dean’s back, guiding him gently to the front of the rows of chairs as the room fell silent.
he is. That big fuckin’ dick of yours, you’d split me open, Cas. You wanna split me open? You wanna pin me down, feel me screaming under you? You wanna make me beg for mercy, while you fuck me ‘til I can’t walk?”
Stephen still wasn’t sure, so Castiel steeled his face, deadpanned seriously, “I will be glad to draw a penis on the bottle for you Stephen, if it helps.”
Castiel could hear the eyeroll and the gentle teasing, and he blushed furiously in solidarity with Dean, helpless to mount any sort of defense.
Castiel’s breathing sounded ragged, and Dean nodded into the phone, propping it against his ear with his pillow so he could wrap his hand back around his dick.
“Uh, thanks for playing Cas, it’s kind of a big deal around here and I’ve never seen you play anything before last night - not pool anyway - wasn’t sure if you… “ Dean trailed off as Castiel quirked a brow at him and finished lamely “uh, could?”
Sam nodded solemnly. “It was a really lucky break. From Dean always jumping in to help people without even thinking about it.”  He smiled at Dean proudly.
Castiel buried himself in debugging a booking glitch that had been reported in the company’s main site until Anna rapped on his cubicle on her way by, at which point he stood up and stretched, adjusted his tie, and pulled his suit coat back on before heading to the conference room. FindATable dot com had relaxed their dress code for everyone but the sales team since the burst of the dot com bubble had emptied most of the building, but he found that dressing well meant people had a much harder time categorizing him and tended to take his opinion more seriously, so he had chosen not to relax his own.
Castiel swallowed and the spell was broken, a wash of embarrassment flooding Dean as he broke his glance away from Castiel’s face to look at Cas’s hand, still held out, frozen, in the air.
Dean was silent for several minutes after pulling Baby out into traffic, brooding. He sighed a couple times but Sam didn’t notice, his laptop open in his lap, typing up some paper or other. Finally Dean just came out and asked his burning question.
Castiel kept his shoulders square by sheer force of will as the set of his jaw hardened and his arms crossed defensively over his chest. When he opened his eyes they were unfocused, tears slipping from them, and it took him a moment to realize that Miss Kittredge was standing in front of him, blocking his view of the rest of the room. Her eyes glistened in the dim fluorescent glow of the Unitarian Universalist church basement, and when she spoke her voice was as gentle as he’d ever heard it.
Please note that due to an egregious publishing error on my part, Monday of this week already saw the release of three new chapters that were accidentally left out just before Thanksgiving, now numbered 20,21 and 22. (All subsequent chapters have been renumbered.)
It was Castiel’s turn, technically, but he let Dean hold him because he craved it, fell asleep immediately, safe in the circle of Dean’s arms.
Dean slides his arms around Cas’s neck and his tongue into his mouth, and he doesn’t know if it’s the weed or Cas that’s making his head spin.
“Guys, I want you to meet my girl,” Vic says with a smile, and gestures to her standing beside him. “This is Bela. We met a few months back.”
He’s up and moving towards the door without much warning, but Cas follows close behind. On the sidewalk, they start walking towards the Bunker as the bus pulls away.
Cas gets out of bed slowly and Dean watches him tug his boxers back on. He glances at Dean once, still lying naked and waiting for his heart rate to come down, and smiles at him before slipping out into the hall.
As much as he dislikes the idea of anyone coddling him, protecting him from some made-up monsters in his head and keeping them at bay, Dean doesn’t say anything to Cas about it. He tells himself that it makes Cas feel better to think that he’s helping, soothing Dean with his merman mojo before the dreams really get a hold of him, and it would hurt his feelings if he were to tell him to quit it. That’s what Dean tells himself.
There’s a shift in the sand, a quiet happy sound from in Cas’s throat, and then Dean feels him press a kiss to the growing smattering of freckles on his shoulder. His lips are cool on Dean’s hot skin. Cas kisses him again, and then once more.
The two of them look at one another for a moment that stretches on, as seemingly endless as the shoreline.
The screen door smacks open as Bobby steps onto the porch. He’s got a glass of iced tea in his hand and is wearing a scowl, but his face clears at the same time that Frazier stops barking, the both of them recognizing who it is.
“I’m sorry,” he says, and Cas tips his head to the side. “For being kind of a dick. For being ‘distant’, I guess. If I hurt your feelings, I didn’t mean to.”
Slowly, Dean shuffles the paper into a loose stack on the table. He takes a steadying breath. “I have to think about it.”
His dad surveys him from across the room, and Dean looks away. He grabs the milk and cereal from the table and puts them away, aware of his dad’s eyes following him. When he can’t stand the way it makes the hairs on the back of his neck prickle any longer, Dean grabs the apple cinnamon donut from the box.
“Dean, go back inside - ” Cas insists with an emphatic shake of his head and a point towards the motel.
“Don’t sound so excited to see me,” she says, and Dean shifts away from her when she rests a hand on the back of his chair and leans on one leg to face Castiel. Dean doesn’t like the predatory gleam in her eye as she looks him up and down. “Who’s your handsome friend?”
The mattress bounces softly as Cas rolls towards him, and Dean feels his arm come around his middle. Though he stiffens at first, Dean forces himself to relax as Cas scoots in close at Dean’s back. He tucks his knees in behind Dean’s, and plants a soft kiss on his shoulder blade.
“Yeah,” Dean says without looking at him. He tugs his shirt over his head by the back of the collar and tosses it on the floor.
“No, I know how, I just don’t - like to. I don’t like the water.” Dean feels his cheeks heat, which just makes him feel more embarrassed. “It’s a long story.”
When he heads back for the apartment, he tries to walk the same path he came. He scans for his footprints in the sand but they’ve since shifted away, a secret between him and the beach. Before going inside he rinses his feet in the outdoor faucets, wipes them dry on the mat. He goes looking for Sam.
Dean crouches next to him, hands hanging between his knees. Looking up at Cas from under his lashes, he tilts his head.
Dean’s been trying to keep his temper in check, he really has. But to be perfectly honest, Cas hasn’t been making it very easy. He’s had that friggin’ look on his face for days now - eyes wide and earnest every time they’re leveled at Dean, searching like they’re trying to memorize the angles of him. It’s not much different than how he’s always looked at him, but now that Dean’s got a date in the back of his mind - twelve days away, now - it just pisses him off.
“I know,” John stutters. “I - needed to do this a long time ago, I know. I should’ve, but I was - scared.”
Coastal Highway is pretty dead, the bus no longer running at this time, but there are a few cars here and there. He passes a group of drunk teenagers at one point and they shout at him, beckon him from across the street but he pays them no attention.
From where he stands by his truck, John flags Dean down as he comes out of the lobby at the front of the motel. Dean heads for him.
So why does he feel so nervous all of a sudden? His sweeping slows, and he stills. No, he’s being ridiculous. He breathes. He’s fine.
People shout and turn at the sudden commotion, and Dean’s feet are moving before he even tells them to. He’s shoving past people, eyes only on Cas as Azazel pulls him bent over backwards with the crook of his elbow tight around his throat. Cas’s hands come up and his eyes widen in alarm and he chokes out a
Cas pulls Dean’s sodden t-shirt off of himself, tossing it over the side of the tub with a slap, and leans back again with a relieved sigh.
The washcloth is warm on his skin as Cas wipes the drying cum from his stomach. Cas pays close attention to what he’s doing, careful to get it all cleaned, and Dean enjoys watching him. He almost doesn’t even care about the attention, in his contented haze.
Underwater, Dean pounds the walls and yells, but all that comes out are bubbles and he’s using up his oxygen. He thumps on the window with his fist. His lungs are burning.
Dean notices the way they gleam in the morning sunlight where it comes in over his shoulder; how it looks strikingly similar to the sun falling across the watery horizon. They’re that color that Dean knows all too well and has known for most of his life, the color of the ocean and the color of his dreams. Those eyes crinkle in the corners, and Dean can feel himself smiling back.
“I guess, man,” she says, but her eyes are still wide with incredulity. “I dunno, but it was weird.” She looks him over again, as if to make sure he doesn’t have some injury that she somehow missed. “You’re sure you’re okay, though?”
“Well, I’m glad that you’re back,” Castiel says, and Dean looks up, a little puzzled at that. He opens his mouth to say something but is interrupted when someone comes up to their table.
When Dean tries to take the damp washcloth, Cas doesn’t let him, pushing Dean’s hand away and dropping to his knees next to him on the mattress. So Dean just watches, laying back on the pillows with heavy eyelids as Cas gently takes care of him.
Stomach twisting, Dean resists the urge to jab his thumb between his ribs and he urges his feet forward. He makes for the door.
“I see,” Dean says with a smirk. “I’m starting to get the impression you’re the rebel of the family, Cas.”
“She’s requested three,” Ellen says, swivelling her chair to the neat stack of bath towels behind her and shaking her head. “Lord knows what she’s doing with them all, but that woman…”
Bobby had insisted Dean would be okay, that he was just a little shell-shocked after their week in the shed. That he needed time to get back into the routine of a stationary lifestyle. That they all did. But John hadn’t looked convinced, had said
There’s water in Dean’s lungs and he’s going to die. His eyes sting as he strains to see towards the surface, towards the light, but the light is coming from everywhere and he doesn’t know which way is up and he is drowning.
Dean flicks his gaze back to his dad, who doesn’t move until Sam’s door clicks shut down the hall. John takes a swig from his beer. His Adam’s apple bobs sharply as he swallows.
“Oh yeah?” Dean grunts, adjusting his grip on the cooler handle as they get into the deep sand. Jo’s ahead of them, pointing at a clearing in the sand, and they follow her lead.
Cas looks to Dean, who shakes his head. He doesn’t feel like walking. That, and he thinks the sound of the ocean right now would not do anything to help settle him. He just wants to get out of these wet jeans and crawl in bed.
When Castiel steps forward Dean follows, just behind, into the tall wheat. He watches Cas’s back, the way he holds an arm out to trail his fingers through the bristly tops of the crops, and he walks in his footsteps.
Cas beats his own high score for Speed of Light, and graciously gives every one of his tickets to Sam so he can get a prize. Dean pitches in what he won, too, and Sam picks out a giant penguin with a grin on his face that’s just as big.
When Dean looks back up at Castiel’s face, something catches his eye. “Cas,” he says, and points to his neck. “Are those - ”
With the August sun beating down on his shoulders, no less hot than it’s been for months, Dean lies still. He feels Cas shift the sand a few times just a couple feet to his right, but he doesn’t lift his head.
“Good choice, Castiel,” Naomi sounds pleased, and Dean wants to punch her in the mouth. “Perhaps you haven’t floated as far adrift as we thought.”
Chastised, Cas drops his eyes. They both breathe for a long minute, facing each other in the dark with the ocean crashing distantly.
Dean’s legs are shaking, muscles bunching and twitching, toes curling, and it’s then that he realizes he’s going to come. He ruts into Cas’s fist and back onto his cock in turn, the heat inside him tightening and building. His breath catches in his chest and stays there, and it’s when Cas makes a soft, strangled sound and tightens his hand around Dean’s cock for a moment that Dean comes. He holds his breath through it, continuing to rock his hips as he spills over Cas’s hand and the jumping muscles of his stomach. He lets his breath out, slow.
“I’ll talk to you later, I guess.” She tries to catch his eye one last time, but he doesn’t let her.
It was sunny, the sunlight coming through the surface of the water, but his vision was starting to go dark.
He does everything he can to avoid looking at Cas, because he can imagine the look of concentration he’s probably wearing as he sands - tongue tucked into the corner of his mouth and eyebrows drawn down seriously - and he doesn’t want to see it. He doesn’t want to see the way his arms look, biceps and shoulders strong under his t-shirt as they flex to hold up the sander. And he doesn’t want to see how Cas looks at him when he glances over the hood of the car.
The sheets smell like dusty books and coffee. Pulling the blankets up to his ears, Dean’s eyes are closed before Bobby gives his shoulder a squeeze and steps away, pulling the door almost shut behind himself as he leaves. Dean lets exhaustion drag him down. He’s asleep before he can think about counting his breaths.
“I’ll set up the tub for you in room one before I go so you can rinse off. You can lie in there and think about me in the shower.”
Groaning, Cas slides his hands to Dean’s ass and squeezes. Their tongues tangle again, hot and wet, and Cas feels solid and warm between Dean’s legs and it’s driving him crazy. He wants more of him, wants to feel him, so he pulls away. Cas makes a noise of protest, stretching to re-capture Dean’s mouth but Dean gets both hands in Cas’s t-shirt and tugs until he gets the message. Unconsciously, Dean notes that it’s the grey Eye of the Tiger shirt that used to be his favorite - Cas wears it these days more than he does, but he finds that he likes it better on him, anyway. It gets thrown indiscriminately into the footwell.
“This musta come in a few days ago, but I just got to the post office,” Bobby says, and he swipes an envelope from the pile. “Here.”
Startling, Dean’s eyes fly open. Alarmed to find himself very close to some guy who’s just walked up beside him, he reflexively shuffles away a step down the railing.
He wraps his arms around himself tight and counts his breaths until he falls asleep. He gets to three hundred and ninety-three.
When he steps forward, the ocean meets him halfway - the foamy border of the tide coming towards him while he moves out to join it, and he doesn’t flinch as it eddies around his feet. The sand sucks at his heels, the water lapping at his ankles and then at his calves and he goes no further. Pushing, not as much pulling, and he can tamp down his nerves.
“You’ve been missin’ out, man,” Sam says. From the front seat, Dean can hear him counting his quarters. “Wait ‘til you see this arcade, it’s awesome.”
Cas surveys Dean beneath him, watching the rise and fall of his bare chest. He brings a hand up to skim his palm across Dean’s collarbone, and then down. A thumb catches on one of Dean’s nipples, making him twitch, and while Cas’s eyes flick to his face for a split second, he moves on. Cas’s hand smooths down Dean’s sternum and then over his ribcage, and while he tenses, Dean doesn’t pull away. He feels Cas’s fingertips skim over his ribs on the left side, and Dean know he’s looking at his bruises.
“He’d be sprawled all over me, all night long. It was awful. But then we came back here, and for the first time we had our own rooms. And I hated it.”
Dean can’t help himself. Once he’s started on talking about the Roadrunner he can’t stop, and he hardly notices that he’s chattering excitedly while Cas listens intently, though at times he probably has no idea what Dean’s talking about.
“What’s the matter?” Cas asks, short of breath. His hand on Dean’s dick stills, his other squeezing gently at the muscle above Dean’s hip.
“You’re welcome,” Castiel says seriously, dropping his hands back into the water. Realizing he still has his own hands held out, Dean drops them back to his knees.
John gives him a look, but then responds. “The new chairs for the deck delivered to the wrong place, so I’m gonna pick the damn things up myself,” he says with a scowl.
Dean heaves the basket up onto the low counter, starts sorting. Occupancy is low enough he doesn’t feel bad using two washers at once.
Biting back the bitterness in his throat, Dean watches Cas bend to pick his shirt and towel up off the ground for just a moment before he turns away and passes through the slider back into the lobby. He hears Cas pull the door carefully shut behind him but he doesn’t turn to look, pushing through the half-door behind the desk.
The game blinks down at him, buttons lighting up at random and leaving spots on his retinas. The scoreboard glows brightly, and as much as he doesn’t want them to his eyes follow the list up to the high score. He stares at the name there at the top.
Dean can’t help but laugh at that, despite knowing it’ll just piss Cas off more. Sure enough, Cas punches him on the shoulder as Dean puts the car in gear and drives off.
“Did you guys just get here?” Cassie asks politely.  She also has a cup of beer in her hand, and someone who Dean recognizes as one of her friends hovering beside her.
here. I was born like half an hour inland, in Ocean Pines. But then we - me, my brother, and my dad, we left for a long time. But we came back about six years ago.”
Sam doesn’t blink at the addition of a third and pulls the bread from the bag. Regarding him over his shoulder as he cracks eggs into the hot pan, Dean chews his lip.
Water rushes loudly past Dean’s ears. There’s that and the grip on his shoulder, the heat of Castiel at his back, and nothing else.
“I can guess, though,” Dean says, and this time when he tries to pull away Cas lets him, and he rolls onto his back beside him. In his peripheral vision, he sees Cas turn to his side to face him.
Dean reaches with both hands towards Cas’s sides and only gets one or two good prods in before Cas jolts away, slapping at Dean’s hands. They scuffle, Dean trying to muffle his laughter as he tries to tickle Cas just as hard as Cas is trying to avoid it, but eventually Cas catches Dean’s wrists in each hand.
“Look, I’m sorry, it’s just been a long week of, uh, no privacy to take care of business and I was going to go out tonight to find someone -”
The nerves dancing in Castiel’s stomach spread into warm anticipation, making his throat feel thick and his chest feel tight. He dithered for a minute and finally just kept his response simple and honest.
Dean’s mouth fell open and his eyes flared wide as apple pies, Castiel’s pupils enormous in the dark room as they stared at each other in awe, but as Dean held his breath to find out what would happen next a shadow passed over Castiel’s face, his expression changing from fierce desire and approval to insecurity laced with desperation.
“CAS!” Dean was grinning but there was a real warning in his voice, as a couple revelers wandered past towards their cars chatting and laughing. Castiel looked appropriately chastened and sighed heavily.
Dean mused. Honestly he’d started feeling a tiny bit like he had bad breath or something the way Cas was avoiding him, but the corner of Cas’s lip was still curled up when he stole another glance and the worry that he hadn’t realized had been gnawing at him melted away.
Dean looked up from the bowl where he was currently cutting butter and flour into pea-sized chunks with a pair of butter knives. Castiel hadn’t had a pie plate but he had a takeaway round aluminum salad container in the recycling that Dean had washed and reshaped, buttered and floured, and it was sitting on a cookie sheet on the counter, waiting for the crust he needed to roll out.
“Gross! I mean, why is he like that?” Sam sounded more worried than angry and Castiel winced slightly, then nodded and sighed. He spoke calmly to Sam while he gazed down at Dean adoringly, petting his face now, as well as his hair, while Dean purred and sighed.
Castiel leaned in behind him, so close Dean could feel his breath on the back of his neck, raising the hairs there just a little further.
Castiel’s attention had flipped from brother to brother as they recounted their tale, completely fascinated. Now as they both paused to retroactively admire José and Felipe’s acting chops, he waited several beats for the story to continue. When it dawned on him they were finished, he threw his hands out, palms up, and demanded satisfaction. “AND?” he asked.
Uh. It's GISH week, I am balls to the wall over here and I know a lot of you will be too but here is your porn, don't forget to send fire emojis or something :-D Mwah!
Dean worked up some spit and swallowed a couple of advil for starters. He felt an urgency now, a need to hurry up and shower and get his ass downstairs to make pies without delay now that he was awake, but there were
“So… if you didn’t mean, uh, not getting to come,” Dean finally managed, “What were you hoping to get to, uh, do with me?”
The way you were looking at me when you were drizzling it on, and, uh, adding to it, and then when you -
Castiel was already staring at the screen again, his breathing ragged and heavy, and Dean shut his eyes for a second, collecting himself.
that you’ll go as many times as I can get it up. Seriously. I wanted to be with you no matter what you turned out to be like in the bedroom, but I had
Castiel’s eyes widened with horror and he squeezed Dean tight, rocking him and petting him and soothing him with gentle assurances,
gay that long pause might have been him trying to decide if Dean could be trusted with the information, and it hurt to worry Cas was afraid of what he might think.
Dean nodded. “Go. I’ll meet you there.” He reached out to squeeze Castiel’s hand, electricity crackling between them everywhere their fingers touched. “Don’t start without me.”
had never happened before. Dean grinned at him and Castiel grinned back, and they each took a swallow from their respective bottles. Dean had chosen a brand he’d seen Castiel buy but hadn’t tried before. It was dark and rich and Dean raised an eyebrow at Castiel in appreciation, savoring the aftertaste as it changed a little on the back of his tongue. “This is fantastic, Cas.”
Dean remembered, his stomach twisting in remembered grief and agony, and something else. Jealousy, bitter and sour, and he fought it down, scowling.
Brandon’s smile was bright as the sun as he bagged up Castiel’s purchases - apparently pulling double duty tonight - and Castiel grinned back as he accepted the bags.
“I asked you to please call me Kit. And that’s not like you Castiel. I hope it was a good distraction at least?” She smiled kindly, and the rest of the group leaned forward on their respective chairs, keenly interested. Castiel had
“But, uh,” Dean broke the eye contact, his eyes falling helplessly to Castiel’s mouth, before hitting the floor. “Um, that doesn’t
Dean was by all appearances single-handedly supporting a brother no more than five years his junior through college. A brother who believed in him completely, more like the faith of a child in a parent…
The tension in the car grew and changed as Dean’s breath hissed through his teeth, his flagging erection rekindling its interest as he watched Castiel’s fear replace itself with fire, his eyes intensely staring into the future even while he carefully maneuvered the narrow streets towards his house.
Dean nodded, and Castiel’s relief was palpable, his shoulders sagging and his breath huffing out. He ran his hands through his hair, his eyes wide. “
Dean stared at Castiel, utterly speechless, as Castiel blithely continued, the last of his beer sidling up to his tongue and making it thick and unwieldy in his mouth.
I attend a support group for veterans coping with post-traumatic stress disorder. They teach several coping techniques, none of which were exactly suited to your situation, but I extrapolated.”
Castiel’s smile, as he opened his arms to her, was wide and bright, and he gently wrapped his arms around her as she buried her face in his shoulder and squeezed him tight, released her when she let go to step away to a professional distance again.
Castiel preened on his lady’s behalf, reached out to pet her too. “San Francisco is particularly well suited to orchids, and I find tending them calming. I can take you to one of the botanical gardens sometime if you want to see more, this is a tiny collection, truly.”
Castiel’s shook his head dismissively, his eyes fluttering open to take in the glowing neon sign of the dive bar through the windshield, his stomach betraying him with another growl just as his face went into full prevarication mode.
Castiel emptied his mind to grip his cock in his slickened fist, allowing himself to picture one of the new guys at the gym using the lat pulldown machine the other day. The muscles in his back had been lovely, and Castiel watched them ripple in his mind’s eye, spilled his pleasure over his hand with a soft sigh. Nothing earth-shattering but it got the job done; his usual, of late. He wiped up, padded to the bathroom to shower and shave and deal with the rest of his morning ablutions, wandered down to the kitchen in jogging shorts and sneakers, jogging tee slung over his shoulder, to make a protein smoothie and check his phone for messages.
By the time he pulled up to the third orchid nursery, Dean’s head was swimming with afterimages of flowers and details the eager old ladies in the shops had been happy to load him down with. The flowers all kind of looked the same to him and he found himself frustrated and a little out of sorts as he pulled up the gravel drive to the third place and parked in front of the fairly dilapidated looking greenhouse. The ancient wooden sign hanging over the door was almost unreadable, but Dean could make out enough letters to match his scribbled note of “Devereaux’s”.
Eventually Dean winced, his dick too sore to rub against fabric anymore, and Castiel climbed off him, gently stroked his cheek.
Castiel was in Dean’s space now, the heat of him radiating from the smooth planes of his chest, flat and hard but still
look through the drawer; under no circumstances would I have made such a comment had I even the slightest suspicion you had availed yourself of the opportunity for privacy and I beg you to forgive me.”
poke through the makeshift casserole dish, hot noodles oozing through the gap as the foil tore and the takeaway cartons broke apart. Dean sighed as he stood up to deal with it and Castiel laughed, waving at Dean to sit back down.
Dean dropped the charade and sagged.  “Yeah, I think I’m made after next week, week after at the latest, Sammy.”  The young man was looking at Dean but motioned his eyes pointedly towards Castiel, and Dean sighed. “It’s OK. He knows. Sam, this is Castiel from work. I told him. Castiel, my brother, Sam.”
“Deal,” Dean agreed, holding out his hand. They shook on it, and then Dean pulled out his wallet and riffled through the twenties. “I surely don’t have enough, can I give you what I have and bring the rest when I pick her up? Frank nodded, mouthing his cost, and Dean controlled his face perfectly as he emptied his wallet into Frank’s hand. Frank grinned anyway, shaking his head, so Dean went ahead and let the pain show as Frank’s grin grew wider.
“Cas, I -” Dean was clearly uncomfortable now, his eyes finding nowhere safe to land.  “I’m sorry, I know I’m a dick to keep bolting like that, it’s not fair to you at
Castiel arched an eyebrow at Dean’s hissed intake of breath, and the way he was shrinking away from his side.
“Oh come on, Dean,” Sam muttered, scratching at his own notebook. “It’s not a bathroom wall. Besides, that’s gonna make them think you’re looking to meet up in person.”
“I’ve got this. I’ll take you home, I’ll just go tell Anna you got food poisoning and grab our jackets alright?”
He turned to leave the meeting to get back to his cubicle, but Anna elbowed him in the ribs and he sighed, busted, and made his way over to where Dean was smiling down at several women from the sales team, arranged around him like so many groupies. It was embarrassing, really.
Sam harrumphed his way back into the living room and Dean smiled fondly after him, turned to glare at the software, plopped himself back into the kitchen chair.
that what you helped me with made you uncomfortable, but that you helped me anyway, so I mean that I won’t talk about it with you - or anyone else - to avoid causing you further distress. I didn’t have anyone else to ask, and I will
By the time they’d flipped through all the channels, none of which had any solo guy action going, Dean had an uncomfortable boner, and an even more uncomfortable dread swirling in the pit of his stomach, his nerves jangling as Castiel begged him distractedly, his eyes glued to the screen.
We have come to the top of the roller coaster ride, all that shimmering tension, that moment of flying ends, and now the plunge, when gravity takes you and you hurtle down faster than feels like should be possible. I am releasing the next dozen chapters as a block, for no other reason than *I* cannot start this section without finishing it in it's entirety or it fucks me up for days, and *I* /know how it plays out/. Mind the tags; I think we earn most of them here. Take a deep breath. And don't take this plunge if you don't have time to read twelve chapters (36k) today, because there are no good stopping points for a little while.
Dean snorted and Castiel rolled his eyes at him, Dean beaming in pleased success when Castiel finally cracked a smile. The moment stretched between them, delicate and electric.
what it feels like to be unable to complete instructions given under such a trust. It is an agony that is hard to describe to those who have not felt it but I
Dean spun around in a slow circle, the gravel crunching under his feet, as Sam came over to join them from where he’d been testing out a low stone bench on the opposite side of the yard. “This doesn’t seem tiny at all Cas,” Dean protested, “but sure, I’d love that.”
“You surrendered yourself to me without hesitation, despite the pain it would cause you,” Castiel whispered in hushed awe. “You are
Castiel’s sharp tone surprised both of them, and Castiel held out a hand in apology. “I’m sorry Dean, I meant, I don’t want you to blame yourself. This is
“ Dean’s breath made a strangled noise as he listened to Castiel’s breathing speed up, listened to him moan into the receiver.
“I’m sorry, Sam, I thought I could keep myself under control but I thought of nothing but your brother all week and I was unable to compose myself in his presence. I had to step outside, and then Anna invented a lie to kick us out together so we could go somewhere and - "
Castiel forgot about Dean’s belt momentarily as they kissed, both his hands coming up to cradle Dean’s face as he pressed his mouth to Dean’s and poured a lifetime’s worth of desperate longing into every touch of their lips, tears springing to Dean’s eyes as he received Castiel’s tenderness.
Artwork was admired, bottles found their home pockets, and the group broke up to pull on coats and grin at each other, men making their way over to shake Castiel’s hand and earnestly congratulate him again on their way out. He found himself touched, and heartened, and even trembling a little as the last of them filed out, Stephen’s mumbled gratitude particularly moving. He turned to go, but his counselor stopped him with a hand on his arm.
Dean suddenly couldn’t breathe, his pulse pounding in his throat and Castiel’s voice kind of a Charlie brown “Wah wah wah” through the roaring in his ears as he fought the rising terror, his eyes too white, Castiel’s hand on his arm catching him as his knees gave out, Castiel’s other arm wrapping around his waist and lifting him like he was stuffed with dandelion fluff instead of flesh and bone, calmly walking him out into the setting sun, and depositing him gently on the grass.
Castiel wouldn’t let Dean come, pulled his tension taut and then denied him his release, over and over, pinning Dean’s arms over his head with his weight and strength, kissing him passionately and tenderly and passionately again and grinding against him until Dean was sore from the friction, his need shining in his eyes as glittering tears, his gasping breaths coming almost as sobs.
Castiel’s pupils were enormous, his lips bruised from Dean’s kisses, and Dean stared at him as he pulled out slowww, and
The secret, hate-shaped jealousy that had taken up residence in the pit of Dean’s stomach since the moment Dean had discovered Castiel thought an angel blade worked like a condom must have shown on his face, because Castiel’s answer soothed it away, leaving only a warm glow in the place where it had been gnawing his stomach lining raw.
, then reached up to wipe off whatever had dripped on him. Castiel shuddered watching him, and Dean grinned up at him as he slid out from under the car, accepting the hand Castiel offered and ignoring the tingle that crossed their palms as Castiel easily pulled him to his feet, immediately released his hand and stepped back to give him space.
Castiel looked so worried he could cry. In fact, on closer inspection Dean realized he actually had tears in the corners of his eyes, and he didn’t even think about it, just lurched up out of his chair and threw his arms around a surprised Castiel and squeezed, stepping away self-consciously almost immediately as he realized his overstep, muttering his apologies about the sweat and his puke breath but not quite able to find the words to apologize for the attempted hug.
appealing, the cut lines of his obliques dipping down behind his fuzzy towel drawing Dean’s glance as Dean tried desperately not to look at Castiel’s face and failed, his eyes tripping upwards over the divots in Castiel’s abs -
Castiel sounded almost bitter, and Dean stopped trying to figure out how to arch his body to get Castiel’s hand to touch his dick and used his words.
Castiel directed his answer to Sam, but he was talking to Dean. Dean was the one he would need to convince.
Castiel shrugged sheepishly, flushing to be the subject of this impromptu show-and-tell, all eyes in the courtyard turning to size him up. Some of the players grabbed water or gatorade from the shade under the upper balcony while children came over to gawk up at the novelty of this new white man allowed in their midst, José proudly declaring he already knew Cast-ee-yell.
, actually. If one thing was for goddamn sure, if he was gonna go down this road, if he was going to admit something this daunting to himself -  or to anyone else for that matter - he didn’t want a hookup. He didn’t want to say goodbye the next morning and never see Cas again, he couldn’t even bear the thought. He wanted to see him the next day, and the day after that too. He didn’t even know what you called that.
“Holy Shit, that kid is getting a fat tip!” Dean exclaimed, both delighted and relieved. “Wait, am I that predictable?”
Castiel pulled his hand all the way out of Dean to hold it up in front of Dean's face, Dean moaning at the loss and then shying away in horror, only to realize in shock - and relief - that Castiel’s hand was clean and completely dry.
." Dean sighed, and ran a newly clean hand through his hair as he sank into the other kitchen chair. "Not gonna lie, that one kinda punches me in the gut."
and his lips were hovering near the end of Dean’s cock now, hot breath huffing out in fresh arousal as his heavy gaze dropped to Dean’s dick again, his voice low and guttural.
The thought gave Dean fierce pleasure he would never in a million years fess up to, a deep satisfaction curling in his chest as he leaned into the kiss for real, his hands sliding down the inside of Castiel’s shirt to untuck it, refusing to admit to himself how good the sharp planes of Castiel’s abdomen felt under his hands, wrapping them instead around behind Cas to grab his ass and pull their hips together, terry cloth rubbing against wool, the rock hard length of his erection shoving against Castiel’s groin as he pushed his tongue into Cas’s mouth, the taste of ozone in his mouth now, and something else; something new, something exotic and intoxicating.
Castiel held up a hand, a glowing white light lighting up the dark, and Dean blinked as his eyes adjusted, the wall of the cave black and kind of pulsing. Dean blinked again, but it was still doing it, and he leaned forward to look closer -
His phone buzzed on the table where he’d set it not long after coming downstairs, and he picked it up to glance at the text as he sipped his shake.
Dean shook his head reluctantly. “You’re very kind sir, and I appreciate the offer, but… I need this gift to be from me and Sam. I’ll pay whatever she costs.”
Castiel was already trailing soft kisses down Dean’s stomach before Dean had time to react, his little noise of protest lifting Castiel’s glance to check on him.
Castiel’s surprised bark of laughter caught Sam’s attention and he looked up, but he could see they weren’t done yet and looked back down immediately.
filled Castiel with a soothing sense of belonging. He accepted a plate solemnly, filled it shamelessly, and when he repaired to the couch because there were only two kitchen chairs, he was secretly touched that Sam and Dean followed him and sat down on either side of him, their shoulders brushing his somehow a comfort.
his grin as if Sam were standing in the same room, and he shook his head fondly. He loved Sam very much and it was sweet to hear Sam say he loved him, even in jest, but the part that really caught his attention, the part that had him leaving his plate untouched and grabbing his phone to drop it on the last step towards the bedroom that got reception, to rush back upstairs and leave the door open while he collapsed back into bed, squirting more lubricant into his palm, was that Dean was in the shower,
Dean never missed a single shot, smiling fiercely as he killed it, oblivious to all eyes on him except for the one pair he could feel pressing heavily on his awareness, curling warmth in his chest.  He didn’t look at Castiel until he had cleared the table, the frat boys never even getting to take a single shot. Then, in a chorus of groans from the frat boys and a huge round of applause from everyone else, he took a single exaggerated bow, doffing an imaginary hat as he did so, and turned to smile at the only face he was playing for.
Sam, sprawled on the couch with a textbook, finally looked up from his notes to back up his brother.  “That’s just how he is, Cas. Dean just... likes people. Dad used to get mad because Dean would want to help them out for free, until Dad figured out to send Dean in to soften them up and then take over in the middle.”
“He has, sir, at work, but not about orchids. I haven’t had a chance to read all the labels yet, but my brother read a lot more of them than I did. Maybe he would have known…” Dean trailed off as Frank let out a low whistle.
“You aren’t supposed to hang out with your boner out, either,” Dean finally managed, regretting it instantly as Castiel’s face free fell about a thousand feet and he rolled away, reaching for his towel, to wrap it self-consciously around his waist, searching the floor until he found his briefs. He lifted them to his face to sniff and grimaced, and Dean silently pulled a fresh pair out of his duffel and brought them over, his face just as crimson as Cas’s.
They climbed the stairs in reverent silence, pulled off their shoes on the deck, followed Cas into his house. Only once the door was shut did the spell break, two brothers speaking over the top of each other in a torrent of joyful gushing -
