Cas hesitated, chewing at his bottom lip. “Are you sure that’s what you want?”
Cas shakes his head, grinning as he glances back at Benny. “Nope. Nothing at all.”
Gabriel nods, taking Sam’s hand gently. “That’s a relief…it’ll be better than not knowing, at least.”
Cas nodded and tried to contain a smile, though Dean could tell how happy he was. “Sure. Whatever you’d like. I’ll see you in a little bit, then.”
"'Cause I gave him the idea, Cassie," Gabe answers. "Now, if you don't mind, you too are disgustingly adorable, and I need to leave before you make me vomit."
“No,” Dean chuckles. “You are going to come back to bed with me, and I am going to cuddle you into oblivion.”
“Why is it different?” I ask.
Cas shrugs. “It’s out of my comfort zone. My whole life I’ve been afraid. Afraid to be vulnerable, or get close to people, or do anything out of the ordinary. Afraid to disappoint people. But with you…I don’t feel like I have to be afraid. I was afraid to let just you touch me the first few times. A whole room of people never would have crossed my mind. But you make me confident, and I want to see what else I can face now that would’ve been impossible before. I’m still not convinced I’m going to like it, but I know that I can take risks now, and you’ll be there to catch me. And even if I hate it and panic and have a complete meltdown, I won’t be a disappointment to you. I’ve never had that feeling before. I want to know what I can do with it.”
Dean blushed slightly, nodding. “More than I was expecting, actually...I think I might really like it with you. You can relax, I’m okay. But I think I’m gonna need your help here. I’m way too old to be doing all the work myself; my thighs are already burning.” Cas laughed, nodding and tugging him into a kiss as his hands settled at Dean’s waist. His hips gave an experimental roll, and Dean moaned against him, tugging at Cas’ hair lightly. Encouraged, Cas started to relax, making a few short thrusts before pulling out almost all the way and slowly sinking back in. Dean shuddered, his head falling to Cas’ shoulder as one hand moved behind him, cautiously feeling around the spot where they were joined. Dean moaned as Cas repeated the motion, feeling his rim stretch as his body accepted the intrusion easily. “O-Oh F-Fuck...feels so good...”
…Now!” he growls out. Cas nods, stroking over his prostate absently while he searches around for a condom. Dean grabs his wrist. “No…just…please…” His words break off in a harsh pant, but Cas understands anyway.
He laughs, and I shove him. “Jerk.”
.’ Well guess who didn’t deserve better, Cas? ME! No one was concerned about me knowing about all the shit trying to kill us! No one cared when I didn’t go to school, or when I had nightmares, or when I needed help! There was no one to comfort me while I was growing up terrified out of my mind with a drunk, abusive father and a horde of monsters chasing after me! No one fucking cared! So you know what, Cas? I don’t have to give a fuck either! I don’t need anyone, okay? Because I’ll never be good enough for anyone to give a shit about. And for the last time, I’M FINE!”
He smiles, kissing me softly. “I know, Cas. I know you wouldn’t force me to do something like that.” His voice drops. “I trust you.”
“Nothing.”
I nod, wrapping my arms around him and holding on tightly. “Well I…I couldn’t stop thinking about it, and I wanted to see him for myself. I was only going to look. But then he started talking, asking if I was curious about what you saw me do, and there was this white light and then I saw you, and me…God, you were so scared. I just…”
“I...I’ve been thinking, about what I’m gonna say to him, ya know? But I just...What if he changed his mind?” Dean blurted out finally. “What if he regrets confessing, and he doesn’t actually want...I mean, he could decide he just wants to be friends, and then I’ll feel stupid if I tell him, and it’ll be awkward...I don’t want to ruin this.”
“You got it chief,” she answered cheerily. “Good luck.”
He shakes his head hard, expression clearly panicked. “I can’t, Cas. I can’t. Don’t, please…”
He pauses, thinking. “No one,” he answers quietly. “No one should be taking care of me.”
I stop, turning around. “About what?”
Dean nods, relaxing against him again and letting his eyes drift closed. "This is nice," he murmurs after a few minutes, the words slipping out of him. "I haven't been allowed to do this since...well, I tried once, with my dad. It...didn't go over very well."
“He asked me what year it was,” Cas murmured, biting his lip. “He seemed kind of upset when I told him. I think you’re right about him being there a long time. And I asked him about the marks, someone else did that to him.”
“What can I say?” Cas grins. “You’re pretty good inspiration.”
Cas frowns at him for a minute. “You’d really let me do that to you?”
“I’m fine Dean,” Cas smiles. “Don’t worry so much.”
I smile, pulling him closer to kiss him softly. “I do feel safe with you, Cas. And it’s okay. I never told you. You couldn’t know. Who knows? Maybe one day I’ll be okay with it.”
“I can’t believe you actually thought that invading my personal life like that was appropriate, Gabriel,” he starts.
Gabe smiles, kissing his head fondly. "We're all just happy you're okay," he murmurs. "I'm pretty sure that's the most scared I've ever been...It really got me thinking."
Dean smiles. “Yeah, sure. You mind if I stay to finish this one up?”
There’s an odd tone in his voice that puts my nerves on edge. “Dean…something is happening. I think they’re coming.”
It was a normal day in the bunker, like any other. Well it had been, right up until Sam and Dean wandered toward the war room to find Cas sitting at the table, looking curiously through a large crate with the word
Dean just raises an eyebrow at him, shrugging slightly before turning back to his pan. “He lost his powers a while back. But he’s still awesome.” He grins, ruffling my hair, and I huff, swatting at his hand and glaring at him as I fix it. John makes a quiet, surprised sound, but doesn’t mention it.
“Consider me your sidekick,” Cas chuckled. “Dean, you’ve done incredibly well in just a few months. We’re going to make it through this together.” He handed over the tube. “If you put this on once a day the marks should get lighter.”
an immune system to fight shit off? Like, at all? Or are angels just, like...germ repellent?”
“Jesus,” I mutter under my breath.
His expression softens along with his voice. “Cas…I’m not going to be unhappy. The only thing I regret is not telling you sooner. I want this. I’ve always wanted this. I didn’t want to admit it, but only because…I don’t understand how someone like you would ever want to be bound to someone like me forever.” I start to argue, but he kisses me again. “I know, for some strange reason, you do. So I’m ready.”
“Thanks. That’s actually really helpful,” Cas admits. “I’ll definitely think about it. And thank you for everything.”
I nod. “Yeah. He had another nightmare and got freaked out. We’ve gotta do something before he goes crazy.”
Surprisingly the bedroom door is open, but I can hear the water running in the shower. I close the door quietly, taking a seat on the bed and waiting patiently for him to come out. It takes much longer than usual; almost an hour before the water shuts off. When he returns, rubbing at his hair with a towel, he freezes at the sight of me. “I…didn’t know you were in here.”
He growls, kissing me hard to stop me from talking. “Don’t even start with me, Winchester. Does it look like you’re forcing me into anything I don’t want to do?” I smile a little, shaking my head. “Okay. Then shut up and enjoy it, will you?”
“Aww, did I interrupt date night?” Gabe asks.
She nods, gently turning his chin until he looks up. “That’s all I’ve ever wanted for you.”
He stayed in his room the rest of the day, and Dean kept finding himself wondering what on earth the angel could be doing in there.
I nod, glancing down at Dean, who’s starting to relax against me. “I suppose that’s true. It most certainly could be worse. No one is dying.”
“Yeah, but neither does Dean, and he manages it sometimes. Don’t worry, I’ll show you.”
. “Dean?” Cas said after a few silent minutes in the dark. “Would it...be okay if we were closer?”
Gabriel snorts. “Now that’s true love right there. You sure you know what you’re getting yourself into?”
I laugh, pulling him close. “Never change, Cas. I love you.”
Dean nods, tugging him closer. “Good. Want to go to the park with me today? We can have a picnic. It’ll be fun.” Cas groans, and he laughs. “Come on, it’ll be good to get out for a while. It’s your day off.”
He frowns, confused, and hands me the pills. “What do you mean?”
Hello my lovelies! I tried to get this chapter up as soon as I could, but with finals coming up things have been a little hectic lately. Check out more notes at the bottom, but for now, enjoy!
“Just when I think I’ve figured you out, Dean Winchester, you always manage to surprise me.” I pause, watching him for a moment. “You’re really sure this is what you want?”
Cas nodded, kissing his forehead softly, fingers digging gently into the tense spots in Dean’s shoulders. “I can do that. I’ll go slow. Want me to tell you what I’m going to do before it happens?”
“You may have mentioned it once or twice, but I never mind hearing it again,” Cas teased.
“Well, I’d hope so.” He smiles slightly, turning his attention back to the movie. I watch his face as he thinks for a while, frowning. “You alright?”
“Cas, we’ve talked about this. Nightmares happen. It doesn’t mean anything is wrong with you. You haven’t had any in a while, and it’s been months since you’ve had a bad one. You’re doing so much better. It’s just something that takes time. It’s okay.”
Eileen nodded, shrugging. “It’s okay, we get it. We can entertain ourselves for a while.” She grinned. “Besides, if I win the bet, Sam owes me ten dollars.”
Both Winchesters yelled at once, one of them going with “CAS, DON’T!” and the other settling for “PLEASE NO!”
“Nothing, as usual. Why?”
I feel his grin against my skin. “The same place I learned to do lots of other things.” He nips at my left ass cheek before his tongue drags slowly up my spine, making me shudder. A gasp escapes me before I can help it, and he laughs. “I’m very multi-talented, it seems.”
“For Karael.” He looks away for a moment. “It needed to be done, but that doesn’t mean I felt good about doing it.”
I nod. “If it’s any comfort, Sam won’t understand their movements like I do. He won’t know what you’re feeling.”
Cas shushes him softly, stroking his cheek. “Almost done baby.” He helps Benny spread cooling cream over the red welts, smiling as Dean quiets, his eyes cracking open. “There you are sweetheart. How do you feel?”
“The tape? He filmed it?”
Sam smiles. “Good, I think. She’s almost done arranging her room. She found some old blankets in one of the closets that she’s excited about.” He pauses, watching them for a moment. “Have you thought about what you’re going to tell her about…all this?”
I can't tell you how much I love reading all your comments. Remember to drop me a line!
The other man grinned, stroking over Dean’s ribs reverently. “I could get used to that, you know,” he mused. “It has a nice ring to it.”
“There is nothing similar about you and me,” Cas mutters.
“Okay…where is he?”
Dean let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding as Cas nodded. “Great. You think she’ll be able to handle the birth?”
Dean smiles at that, brushing his hair back lightly. “Good. I’m not going to hurt you. I want you to relax and breathe.” His fingers continue to press into his back until Cas recaptures his relaxed state. “Look at me, Cas,” he murmurs. His fingers slip lower again to circle at the puckered flesh, and this time he doesn’t pull away when Cas tenses, just continues circling and holds his gaze calmly until he takes a breath and relaxes again. “Good boy,” he murmurs, and something warm spreads through Cas’ chest at the pride in the words. “How do you feel now?”
Any reply I might have had dies on my tongue when his hands move up to my chest, lubed fingers sliding smoothly over my nipples. I gasp softly, arching up into the touch. “Shit…”
Cas chuckles. “I did think about it a lot. But I’m not changing my mind.”
Cas shakes his head. “I’m sure. She’s already asking about you.”
“I’d say you’re right about that,” I chuckle. “And it was nice, not to have to be in control for a little while. Sorry about the spontaneous crying thing. I’m not really sure what that was about.”
A small, relieved sigh escapes him, and he nods, leaning me back against his chest as his grip relaxes slightly. “That’s right. You’re not there. So take a couple of slow breaths for me. I’ve got you.” He continues to murmur softly, his free hand tracing slow, soothing patterns over my chest until I manage to stop shaking. “Dean?” he says quietly. “Are you with me?”
Cas shakes his head a little. “Not yet. I don’t remember a whole lot about him. But we’re trying to find out. I’m just glad it wasn’t worse.”
Slowly, he grins. “That’s really good. Thank you.”
Cas blinks at me, raising an eyebrow. “Everything okay?”
“Right, sorry. Well the good news is I don’t think you need any stitches. We should be safe with an antibiotic and some bandages. You might have a couple of broken ribs, but that shouldn’t be too hard to fix. What hurts the worst?” Cas stares up at him, perplexed, like he’s not sure that question has an answer. Sam sighs. “You’re so exhausted you don’t even know, huh?” He nods. “Alright. Let’s start with bandaging those cuts. You want Dean to do it?”
“I was sort of wondering how you escaped. I mean, you were in pretty bad shape, and the things that did this to you don’t exactly seem like the merciful type.”
Dean’s answer comes out as a whimper. “Fuck baby…need to feel you… need your cock in my ass…please!”
“Good,” he answers. “I think we’ve got everything we need if they’re stuck like this for a little while. Once they go to bed we’ll start researching how to turn them back.”
Dean chuckles. “Well I could demonstrate, but you probably wouldn’t be able to make the clearest decisions that way,” he teases. “Come on baby, relax. You can talk to me about this. We’re almost done.” He grins. “I’ll make you a deal. Once we finish here, we’ll go over the finer points of this list, just you and me.”
“I was a little busy,” he chuckles. “But I hear it was a good show.”
“Great. Do you need any help getting downstairs?” he asked. Dean shook his head. “Alright then. I’ll meet you down there when you’re ready.” He turned and left the bathroom, and Dean listened carefully to his footsteps on the stairs. He let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding, frowning at himself as he turned back to the mirror.
“I vote we go out to lunch to celebrate,” Charlie said. “I did happen to swing by the diner on my way over, and they were making fresh pies…”
The angel grinned. “Well, you’ve always been that.”
Dean nods, taking a deep breath. “Alright. Lay it on me. Do you think he’s going to be okay?”
The older man shrugged, motioning him to the empty chair beside him. “Want some?” he asked gruffly, tipping the half-empty bottle in Dean’s direction.
I shrug. “I’m not usually. Usually, you guys are dicks. But…there are some exceptions.” I glance up at Cas, who grins. “Anyway, you hungry?” The boy thinks as if this is the most important question of his life, before nodding slowly. “Okay then. What do you like to eat?” He stares at me, puzzled. “Oh, right. You wouldn’t know, would you? Something simple then.”
He pauses. “Promise me that you won’t hold this pain inside anymore. I know how terrifying it can be, but I’m not going anywhere. You can trust me. Let me help.”
“You’re sure?” Dean asks. Cas nods again. “I just shot God,” Dean murmurs to himself. “Wait, what is God doing in our living room?”
Cas bites his lip nervously for a moment. “I don’t know…I’m not sure if I could do it.”
Dad hesitates, chewing at his lip. “Well, I...Dean...I may not remember saying and doing those terrible things...but I must have. I believe you. No wonder you weren’t happy to see me. We don’t know why I’m missing pieces, but I...I want to understand...what I did. So I asked Gabriel if he could...show me.”
Dean frowned slightly. “We?”
“So what happened?” he asked cautiously.
I lean forward again, kissing him softly and capturing his bottom lip between my teeth, tugging gently. His breath stutters as I release it, running my tongue lightly over it. “D-Dean…” he manages while I plant soft kisses along his jaw, “What is the p-purpose of this experiment?”
It takes more effort than he’d like to admit to meet his eyes, but there’s no judgement there, and there never is. “Can I please suck your cock, Castiel?”
Cas moans softly, leaning back into him. “Really good. Actually, a lot better than I thought I would. How about you?”
to. And this is where I went wrong. But then there’s you, Castiel. You yourself shared the same opinion of humanity once. But then you came here, saw the way Dean would lay down his life for Sam’s, and how Sam would do the same, and you not only understood, but you became a part of it. I think, my child, you might have a skewed sense of what makes a good angel. Your brothers seem to think it’s blind faith, following orders that makes an angel perfect, but this is flawed. It is love. And by that standard, you, Castiel, are not a good angel. You are a great one.”
Cas smiles. “Now? I would very much like to spend my days taking care of you, if you’ll allow me to. You’ve been in the dark far too long, Dean. You need help. I can do that if you trust me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas watches him close the door behind him before going to retrieve his phone, shaking his head at the plethora of missed calls and texts from Gabriel. “Cas!” he shouts when he picks up. “There you are! I was just about to come down there. What’s up little bro?”
Cas smiled softly, stroking his cheek lightly. “I don’t think I can really take credit for that. You’ve done all the work, and watching you claw your way out of a place so dark to take your life back...I’m so proud of you. If I did anything helpful at all, it was just to give you the time and space to do that work. You and Ben have both come so far, and I couldn’t be more honored that you’ve both allowed me to be a part of that journey, and that you trust me the way you do. You’ve both given me so much, and I...I’m so grateful.”
He shrugs. “I’ve never participated. It’s very rare, and very private. It only occurs between soul mates. And…I have heard stories of angels in human vessels occasionally adopting the sexual tendencies of their vessels…” He refuses to look at me, but I can still see the blush as it creeps up the back of his neck.
“Alright Cas, calm down. Who is Karael?” I ask. He continues to ignore me, his breathing getting strained. “Crap. Cas, focus. Cas!”
He shrugs. “It doesn’t, technically, but kids like it. It makes them feel better.”
I nod slowly. “I know. It just…she said that I deserved to be alone, and that I belonged in hell, and…I know it wasn’t real. I know that. But all that stuff…it still hurt, coming from her, and it’s not like I can ask her.”
He shakes his head, leaning into the touch slightly. “I don’t think sleep is gonna happen for a while,” he murmurs. “God, this already feels like a dream...”
I frown again, sighing. “Dean, I’m not an angel anymore. I’m no longer an asset to you.”
Cas turns to hide the blush on his face, hurrying through his shower and drying off quickly, trying to ignore the raging hard-on that’s developed since he woke up. Once dry, he wanders into the kitchen where Dean is sliding an omelet onto a plate. He grins when he notices Cas, lifting his chin and pulling him into a slow kiss. He smirks as he glances down at Cas’ erection, lightly brushing his fingertips over it. “Well, good morning. I take it someone is very much on board with this plan.”
He nods quickly. “Yes Sir. Sorry. I was just thinking. I’m good.”
Dean kisses him hard, which seems to take Cas by surprise. “You’re the best person ever.” A sudden horrible thought occurs to him, and he goes a little pale. Cas frowns at him, tilting his head curiously. “I’m going to have to make it through takeoff sober and not have a heart attack,” he mutters.
“I think what Dean is trying to say,” I say gently, keeping my voice low and calm, “is that we want to help, but we can’t do that if you won’t talk to us.”
“Okay, stop!” Dean shouts. “I believe you, okay, just…don’t finish that sentence.”
Dean hesitates, glancing down to where his hands are still carding through the angel’s hair. “Well, I mean…we haven’t really…” he pauses, looking up at her. “Hypothetically, if that was the situation…and I’m not saying it is…but if it was…how would you…feel about that?”
“I’m okay with that,” he decides. “But…maybe only kinds we’ve used before? I’m not sure I could handle anything brand new in that situation. At least, not yet.”
“Good.”
A twisted, bitter laugh escaped Dean’s chest, and he shoved a pile of useless books to the floor, where they fell with a loud clatter. “No, you don’t FUCKING get it, Sam!” he shouted, his rage finally boiling over. “You don’t get it because you got your goddamn happy ending, and you and Eileen can go skip off into the sunset with your white picket fence, but you know something? Cas was MY happy ending, and I don’t get one now, because he’s GONE! And no one...no one even cares!”
I shrug. “Only sometimes. It…helps him. He doesn’t wish for you to know. But I had to get him focused before he worked himself into a complete panic.”
“Night Cas.”
Dean frowned, confusion and pain clear in his eyes, before pulling Cas’ chin up for a soft kiss.
I nod. “Tell me about it. At first he didn’t even want me to touch him. Actually hurt himself in the process of pulling away from me. But I started talking to him, and I realized it wasn’t me. He was just scared. Did you know angels don’t experience physical contact beyond violence? Like, ever?”
He nodded, carefully putting the picture back on the shelf. “Has he tried to shut himself away? I mean, is he…okay?”
Cas stares at Dean for a moment before hugging him tightly. Dean looks over his shoulder at me, raising an eyebrow, and I shrug, chuckling before Cas releases him to hug me instead. “Thank you,” he murmurs.
Dean smiles, kissing his forehead as he attaches the leash to his collar. When he pulls away, Cas grabs onto his wrist. “Wait! Am I allowed to talk to people and…make eye contact and everything?”
Cas smiled at her optimism. “I really hope you’re right. Thank you, Charlie.”
He hesitates, biting his lip for a moment. “I think I’m okay with that. As long as you are.”
“I’m sure she is,” Gabe answers. “She’s not stupid. Shall I RSVP the both of us?”
His touch disappears, and the bed beside me dips under his weight as he sits. “Well, you’re so uptight about analyzing what you’re feeling all the time and resisting every desire and shying away from anything that makes you feel something. Would it really be so terrible to stop trying to decipher your feelings, and just…feel them instead? To just accept them and let them happen for once? I think it’d be a lot easier.”
“Huh.” Sam thinks for a moment. “It’s possible. I mean, people talk about the soul as something separate from the rest of a person all the time. What if Grace is something separate from an angel? We’ve seen how powerful Grace is. It’s not too far a stretch to believe it has some sort of consciousness of its own. Tell me again, exactly what he told you.”
He sighs. “If I do, will you relax for a while?”
"Happy to be home, Sammy?" Dean asks, sitting beside him on the couch.
Cas smiles, nodding. “Deal. Thank you.”
When Dean looked up, he found warm, amused blue eyes watching him fondly. “Who knew you had a possessive streak in you?”  he teased lightly, rubbing a finger over the bite mark.
He smiles, kissing me softly. “I wouldn’t try if I thought I might hurt you, Dean. If you change your mind you don’t have to go through with this.”
Dean frowns slightly, chewing his lip. “Yeah, but...why? I mean, I know why I like it, but...it kinda seems like you get the short end of the stick here. You have to do all the work, and sometimes you don’t even get off, I just...I don’t get it.”
He grins, hugging me tightly. “That was amazing. Thank you!”
“The pleasure is mine,” he answers smoothly. “Cas has told me a lot about you.” It comes out pleasantly enough, but he knows that Raphael understands.
We stay that way for a long time until my stomach starts growling, and Cas laughs, pulling me up and tugging me into the kitchen. He waits patiently while I eat, stroking the back of my hand absently. “Have you thought about what you’d like to do today?”
He shrugs. “I don’t believe you’d hurt me.”
“Me? Yeah, I’m alright. I’m not the one of us that was viciously attacked.”
I shrug. “Yeah, but I’ve always kind of known. It’s definitely not the usual for you, but you do seem happier than I’ve ever seen you. That’s what matters to me.”
I frown, glancing away. “I do try,” I murmur. “I know it’s important to you, and sometimes I really do believe you…this is the closest I’ve ever been in my life to valuing myself. It’s just sometimes…”
Suddenly thankful for the darkness falling around them, Dean looked down to hide the blush rising in his face. His eyes fell to Cas’ lap, where the angel was rolling the blue-glowing vial between his fingers absently. “We’ll find a way to get you your mojo back,” Dean promised. “Sam thinks he has a lead on a way to keep the Empty away for good, but I didn’t want to wait any longer to get you out. But we’re working on it. We’ll fix it, I promise you that.”
Love,
Dean sighs, gently threading their fingers together. “Okay, it’s not okay. But I’ve moved on. It just…caught me off guard, seeing him out of the blue like that. I’m okay. Please calm down.”
Cas chuckles, reaching out for the remote and finding something to watch until Dean returns, setting a plate down on the table. “You made me chocolate chip pancakes?” he asks. Dean shrugs, settling beside him and laughing when Cas hugs him tightly. “Thank you.” He glances down at the plate again. “You only have one fork.”
He smiles sheepishly, nodding. “Sorry.”
“Bad lady,” Dean mumbles, frowning.
He sighs, shaking his head. “Nothing, really. It was actually a lot of fun. But you know how Benny liked to teach me lessons during our sessions. I had a problem with being praised back then. I never wanted to accept it. I agreed to do it because I wanted to be used by all those people. I didn’t really know what he was planning. Let’s just say it was a pretty emotional evening. But this is different. You’ll know exactly what you’re getting into.”
I nod slowly. “I’d have to agree with you there. He did seem distressed.” I sigh, picking a few of the pictures out of the stack and pocketing them, handing the rest back to him. “I’ll talk to him. Maybe I can find out what’s upset him so much.” Sam nods, carefully putting the pictures back in the trunk as I leave the garage.
“I know a guy,” he shrugs. “So…you like it?”
I can’t help but laugh, reminded of the day we found him, folding and refolding a towel until he got into the tub. The knot in my stomach relaxes, and I push my boxers to the floor before stepping in behind him. The hot water chases out the chill that’s settled in my bones, and I sigh, reaching out to wrap my arms around him and pull him back into my lap. He grins at me over his shoulder, his back pressed to my chest, and the dull ache under my ribs starts to ease a little as we sink further under the water. I wrap my arms tighter around his chest, and he sighs happily. “You were right,” I murmur after a minute, kissing his temple softly. “This is better. Sorry for being stupid.”
Cas grins, kissing along his neck while he starts to stroke Dean’s length, chuckling at his whimper. “You’re not speechless often,” he murmurs. “I rather enjoy it.”
He whimpers loudly. “I…couldn’t anymore…I had too…”
“Hey Charlie?” Ben asked, looking up. “Are you gonna be here tomorrow?”
Cas glances back at Dean and I. “If you insist on continuing, I’ll have no choice but to stop you.”
He shakes his head. “It’s nothing. I’ll tell you about it another time.”
Dean grins, kneeling to attach cuffs to his ankles, clipping him into a spreader bar before taking a step back and admiring his work. “How very considerate of you. So, here are the rules. I’m going to try out different things on you, and you’re going to guess what they are. Sound simple?”
Cas chokes on his next breath, still writhing under the slowly torture of Dean’s hand. “W-What?”
“You two are gross,” I say, tugging Cas closer.
When I open my eyes, Cas is already awake, and he smiles as I yawn. "Did you even sleep?" I chuckle.
Dean nods, relieved, and leans over to kiss him softly. “Thank you.”
I'm really pleased with how this one turned out. I hope you are too! and Weldersmightyb, I hope you liked it!
Benny nods thoughtfully. “Well, I admire you for trying to get back on the horse. And I think once you have a little more confidence with using it, it won’t be so scary to try it the other way around. Confidence is important when you’re doing something like this. See, it’s not the object. It’s the person behind it that makes all the difference. Can I see your hand for a minute?” Cautiously, Cas holds up his palm, and Benny takes his wrist. He doubles up the end of the whip in his hand, then smacks it across Cas’ palm lightly. Cas flinches, then blinks in surprise. It stings, but it’s nowhere near what he was expecting. “See? You’re in total control of how much pain you’re inflicting. Now, I’m gonna do it a little harder, but it’s not going to be like what you remember. Trust me, okay?”
He makes a face. “I don’t think so. But it’s important that we talk about that now, so we can figure out what we both want.” He pauses, looking up at me. “Humor me. Please?”
…to die via orgasm?” he mumbles.
I laugh, hugging him tighter. “You don’t really have to. But if you want to, I certainly won’t argue.”
He takes a shaky breath, a soft moan escaping him. “Hours,” he admits, blushing. “I didn’t have to worry…he was too far away to hear. Started just like this,” he says, grinning at me. “Wanted more so badly, but I didn’t give in until I couldn’t take it anymore…”
Cas hums softly. “But what a way to go.”
He pulls back a little, smirking at me. “Not just yet.” I whimper, struggling to restrain myself. “Look at me Dean,” he murmurs finally, voice rough. I look up at him, and he smiles. “Good boy. Cum.” I nearly sob in relief as fire rushes through me, burning everything to the ground. I’m vague aware of Cas’ release inside me, but can’t seem to gather the shards of my mind enough to register it. When I come around I find myself in Cas’ lap, held securely against his chest as I shake, whimpering occasionally. “Shhh…” he murmurs softly, his palms gently stroking over my trembling skin. “I’m so proud of you, Dean. You’re okay. I’ve got you. Just breathe for me.” I manage to nod a little, shuddering again, and it’s all I can do to hold onto him and listen to his soft praises and murmurs until I can gather the strength to look up at him. He smiles, brushing my hair back and kissing my forehead softly. “Back with me?” he asks. I swallow, nodding, and he hugs me tighter, kissing me softly. “Good. You did so well Dean. I love you so much.” I sniffle a little, and he wipes at my cheek, his hand coming away wet. I frown at him, and he smiles. “It’s okay. I understand. It’s normal.” I want to be ashamed for crying, but the heat still sparking at the edges of my nerves keeps distracting me, so instead I just press closer to him and let it happen. He strokes my hair softly, rocking slowly back and forth until it seems to have stopped. “Come on,” he murmurs, shifting me slightly. “Let’s get you up.” I whimper, holding onto him tighter, and he chuckles. “It’s okay, I’m not going anywhere. I’m right here.”
Cas chuckled, leaning over to kiss him softly. “It seems like forever ago, doesn’t it?”
Dean smiled, though there was something slightly nervous in it. “Hey, I, uh...I wanted to say I’m sorry, for last night. I know I was an ass, and I didn’t mean to upset you.”
Dean hesitates, a part of him screaming that he shouldn’t be allowing this; shouldn’t accept this kindness that cuts into him more than the blade did. But there’s something in the way Cas says it, a quiet, calm confidence that makes him want to sink into it, to give up control and let this happen, and it’s that part of him that nods. “O-Okay…”
I shrug. “I felt weird about asking for help. I usually do. This isn’t weird, is it?”
“Green,” he murmurs, eyes closed.
“Fine,” I agree reluctantly. “But if you’re joining in, we’re going to take every precaution we can, and we’ll wait until your strength is back up. It might take a while after being out of action for so long. Can we agree on that, at least?”
I shrug. “Old habits, I guess. Anyway, when I figured out what was going on I helped him out, and we had a good talk. I think he’s starting to get it.”
“It’s so good to see you...I’m so glad you guys are okay...”
He’ll never admit it, obviously. It’s a part of him he hates; how much he needs people. It’s a weakness he hasn’t found a way to cover up, though he’s tried. Without someone else to focus on, the only place to go is inside his head, and it’s not a great place to be, especially not now that Sam’s gone; has been gone for months now.
God nods. “Well you wouldn’t remember it. You didn’t do it, your Grace did. Your connection with Dean is as strong as any between a Guardian and their charge, perhaps even stronger. That’s what freed you. You have shown great courage and compassion, and you have guarded Dean and the others for a long time now. Most importantly, you’ve taught me that it is not always the path we start with that is the right path, and that perhaps it’s time we make a new one. So I suppose it’s only fitting that we make it official. Castiel, I am officially naming you the Guardian of Dean Winchester. But I need your help. Your brothers and sisters must be taught what you have learned if we are going to move forward together. And I see no one more qualified than you.”
I nod. “It is nice.”
Dean shrugs. “I thought you’d feel better if it was people you like. I knew we could trust them.”
Dean can’t help the proud smile that slips across his face. “He is, isn’t he? So, you really think he’s going to be okay?”
Cas frowned for a moment, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t say it doesn’t bother me. It makes me very upset and angry that you had to go through something like that. And for so long... I’m so sorry, Dean. I’m glad that you feel safe enough to tell me this. But as far as how I think about you, this doesn’t change anything.”
“Sensitive, are we?” His mouth moves to the other side, and the ice trails down my stomach, making me squirm. It disappears for a moment, and then suddenly his mouth is around my cock. He must have sucked on the ice cube, because it’s both cold and hot, and the mixture is intense. I grip the chair tightly, trying in vain to both thrust up towards the heat and pull away from the cold, and when he pulls away I’m panting softly. “Well done, Dean. Let’s try something else.” His fingers tease at my nipples lightly, and I groan, tipping my head back as he pinches them lightly. “I have a feeling you’re going to like this one.” I feel him fiddling around before I feel sharp, biting pain in my right nipple. The feeling is so sudden that the panic takes over for a minute, and I can’t stop the shout that escapes me. I jerk back so hard I nearly tip the chair over, but the pain is still there. Cas grabs onto my shoulders to steady me. “Dean? Talk to me. What color?”
he started.
Dean blushed, biting his lip. “You...you’re really not upset? You don’t want me to leave?”
Cas relaxes again and nods. “Okay. What is it?”
Dean nods, smiling. "I guess you were right about that...So what now?"
Slowly, John raises his hands, looking him over with an appraising stare that makes Gabriel scowl. “Well, I always did train you to be cautious. But it is me. Go ahead, test me,” he says, holding an arm out. Sam hesitates for a moment before slicing his arm with the silver blade, watching him cautiously. “Not a shifter,” he murmurs, tugging the holy water out of his pocket and sprinkling it over him. Still holding the blade between them, he glances down to us. “Gabe?”
Gabriel pouts. “So I can’t bring out my rainbow confetti cannon?”
Cas nods thoughtfully. “I trust you, Dean. And I’ve gotten a lot more…well acquainted with that part of my body now, thanks to you. I’m not so scared of it anymore. I think I’m ready to try.”
Dean nodded, hesitating for a moment. “Did he...tell you anything else? I mean, about...him and me?”
Sam goes red, mumbling under his breath. “Shut up. He’s meeting us there. He doesn’t like your driving.”
he wrote finally.
“If I had to guess? Touched by human hands,” he murmurs. “When injured humans are fixed by a doctor, the process leaves scars behind. The same thing happens to angels, but since an angel’s wings are less physical in nature, the mark left over is a little different. Sam remade my wings with pure intentions. They couldn’t be the same after that.”
he said finally.
“Mm?”
Dean huffs, taking my hand. “Cas, they’re being gross. Let’s go make dinner.”
“I know,” I murmur. “I love you too...I didn’t really get to see his whole reaction to that, he started talking about ‘the Dean he knew’ and I kind of snapped...”
I think about it for a moment. “You’re beautiful when you let go, Dean. Even more so than usual. Sometimes I like seeing what’s behind your walls.”
He nods, and Kevin makes a happy sound, grabbing onto his hand. “Come on, let’s go get seats!” Cas glances back at Dean, who just laughs and takes his other hand, walking down to the main floor. When they get there Meg and Ruby are already on the stage, talking quietly. In front of them are rows of chairs with the same soft cushions on either side. Kevin pulls him over to a spot in the first row, settling down beside him while Dean and Ezekiel share a look, sitting down on either side of them.
“Are you ticklish?” I chuckle, moving to do it again.
The angel considered him for a moment, taking in his expression, now a mix of fear and hope. “I...I could show you too,” he decided finally.
“Yes Sam, I’m sure!” I snap. “He called me on the phone and I heard the whole thing. We have to go now!”
“This isn’t really what I had in mind, Dean. I’ve never worn anything this short.”
That’s all he gets out before I pull his chin up, kissing him hard to shut him up. He makes a surprised sound, but stays quiet when I let him go. “Cas, you’re not listening to me. Now, sit down and let me talk.” He nods slowly, taking a seat on the bed in front of me when I gently push him back towards it. “Do you think I did all this work for a casual lay? You know how strongly I’ve held onto my walls all these years. No one ever gets past them. No one except you. And do you know why that is?” He shakes his head a little. “It was a lot of work to get here, Cas,” I murmur. “And I wouldn’t have let you in if it wasn’t what I wanted. I want you, Cas. I want forever. It was terrifying and so, so hard to do that, but I changed because I want this. I trust you more than anything. I want forever with you. This is my choice, and I made it long before any of this happened. Do you understand?”
I have to think about it for a moment before I shake my head, finding no logical reason for being so panicked. “No…just…give me a minute?” He smiles, nodding back and stroking me slowly as I adjust. “Where did you even get lube?” I ask curiously.
Cas laughs. “If I say yes, will that make you happy?” He considers it, then nods. “Okay. Then yes.”
“Yes,” he nods, “I think so. It’s just…usually what comes back are bits and pieces at a time, like a face or a sound or a smell. But this was one entire memory. It was like I was really back there again. I could feel it.”
For some reason, panic settles low in my belly as I realize what he wants. “Cas, I…” I start, taking a step back.
Gabe chuckles. “Yeah, well, you’re a tough nut to crack Dean. I think you finally let that last bit of resistance go, and Cas’ instincts responded. Did he tell you what it means for an angel to allow someone else to touch their wings?”
I hesitate. That’s highly unusual for Castiel. Whatever goes on between them, Cas always answers Dean’s prayers if he can. I realize that Dean could be onto something. “Well…maybe he just…didn’t hear you. I don’t know. I’m sure he’s okay. He’s always okay.”
I hum, frowning slightly. “That’s a good question...it is possible that, after your mother died, he started to believe that his happiness only caused tragedy. Or he could have been afraid that you and Sam would abandon him in favor of other paths. I suppose that did happen with Sam in the end. Maybe your father just...feared he would lose you too.”
“And how am I supposed to do that?” he asks. “I’m just as scared as he is!” he slams his hands down against the table in frustration. “Where the fuck is the emergency kit?!”
Dean nodded, hesitating for a moment before taking out his notebook.
Cas shushes me softly, kissing my forehead again. “Dean, you know it wasn’t true. Everything she said, it has nothing to do with you. It was just Zachariah trying to hurt you, and your own fears making your nightmare worse. You’re not alone. I love you, and I’m not leaving you. You are worthy of love.”
Sam rolls his eyes, kissing him lightly. “You’re ridiculous...”
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas hums, stroking his hair gently and chuckling at the hunter’s soft moan. “I always will. You should get some rest.”
“Kind of good, actually,” I admit. “To see the look on his face...and tell him how hard I’ve worked to fix things...and I got to tell him how amazing you are...”
“Oh,” he says, looking surprised before his familiar grin is back. “Well you found me. What can I do for you Dean-o?”
“Got it,” he nods. “Speaking of, I do have another request.” Dean raises an eyebrow at him. “If he does clear me, I want to have a good, long session. In here. I miss doing that with you.”
“I was trying to respect your wishes,” Cas murmurs. “And I hadn’t been able to check on you as often as I liked. Things in heaven have been…time-consuming, to say the least. Not to mention, I was hoping to have a better idea of what to say to you before I returned. And besides, it…was not easy, to watch you from the shadows, to watch what you did to yourself. But you tried to harm yourself, and I had no choice but to step in. It wasn’t until you started talking about me hating you that I realized what happened, and how bad things had gotten.”
Cas chuckles. “I told you, Dean. I want to give you what you need. All you ever have to do is ask. So take a minute, take some deep breaths, and then we’ll put you to good use.”
“I…no. I might be a little…nervous about it, but it’s okay. I trust you.”
He sighs, watching me while he considers it. “Well…that much is true,” he says slowly. “Alright, I’ll do it. But only under three conditions. First, that you understand that I’m doing this to help you, and that I’m not angry with you over any of the things you feel you’ve done.”
He shrugs. “I mean…he’s really putting everything into this. He honestly trusts you more than I’ve ever seen. And he’s so…happy. He’s more relaxed around you than I can ever remember him being. He’s letting himself hope, Cas. That’s kind of a huge deal for him. It’s the one thing he never wants to give himself permission for.”
“I’ll walk,” I decide, “Just…” I reach my hand out to him and he nods, taking it and helping me off the floor. He supports much of my weight as he leads me into the bathroom. “I don’t understand,” I say, watching him turn on the water in the tub. “How is this going to help?”
Cas laughs. “Oh, I see. Well, I’m sure we can find something to fill you with, don’t you think?” His fingers tease lightly around the rim, and I whimper. “Would you like to see what I’ve chosen for you?” he asks. I feel myself nod, and he slides off the bed, bringing the object up so I can see the long string of beads. I groan, and he chuckles. “Well?”
The water just barely laps at the lowest of the marks, and while it’s uncomfortable for a few minutes, the sensitive skin soon grows used to it. “It’s not bad,” Cas answers in response to Dean’s questioning look. “I think I’m good.”
Charlie sighed softly. “You’re not wrong about that.” She glanced over to the closed door of Cas’ office, then looked back at him conspiratorially. “Okay,” she decided. “I’ll tell you, but only because it’s for his own good, and I think having you here helps him. The kid is Cas’ son.”
Dean let out a sigh, long and heavy. “You’re probably right...it sucks, but I don’t think we have much of a choice. Does he even
“You could say that,” Cas admits. “But I’m excited too. Though I don’t really know what to expect.”
"Then let's relax for a little while. After we nap I have a present for you."
Dean nods. “There are. Benny throws a pretty nice one every year. It’s mostly the same people you’ll meet tonight, just a little more private and less casual.”
When they emerged in the kitchen Ellen smiled, setting down plates of food. “There you boys are. I was about to send out a search party. Eat up, don’t wanna be hungry on your trip.”
Dean laughs breathlessly, panting into Cas’ shoulder. “You’re unbelievable, you know that?”
“Maybe not the whole world,” I murmur. “But…I think I could handle a little.”
Dean hesitated for a moment, then shook his head. “No thanks...Ben smelled it on my breath once and lost it. Guess Alistair had a bit of a drinking problem. Haven’t touched the stuff since. ‘Sides, I’m trying not to be like dad. He tried to find the answers to all his problems at the bottom of a bottle, and we all know how that turned out. I want to be better than that.”
“I know you better than that, Cas. You’re mad. What’s wrong?”
“Use it if you have to,” he whispers. “We have to get him out of here.”
“Cas? You okay?”
He sighs softly, nodding. “I know. And I was. But sometimes hunts just go bad. I’m sorry.” He pauses. “Do you…want me to stop hunting?”
Dean grins, kissing him softly. “So good for me. Tell me how it feels.”
“I knew he would,” Cas smiles. “He’s a fighter. Just like his big brother.”
“Shhh, okay, it’s okay,” he murmurs soothingly. “Do you need me to take control for a while?” I nod, a desperate little whimper escaping with the motion, and he strokes my cheek lightly. “Okay. I can do that. I’m here. Let’s take another minute to breathe, and then we’ll go upstairs. You’re okay.” After another moment I manage to loosen my grip on his arm, sure he’ll have hand-shaped bruises there later, and he takes my hand instead, his free hand stroking lightly through my hair while he waits. “Ready to try standing up?” he asks softly. I squeeze his hand tighter, letting him pull me up from the floor, only realizing how hard I’m trembling when his arm slips around my waist, holding me firmly against his side. “There you go,” he murmurs, kissing my temple softly. “Nice and easy. Lean on me. You’re doing good.”
, he had to remind himself, because it was no longer a human casing for another being- was always just a few moments from breaking down completely. If he had to choose, though, he would rank the nightmares as the worst part of his new life. The dreams were powerful and terrifying and always lurking in the dark, and as a human who now required sleep to function, there was no way to run from them. The one time he’d tried he’d gone almost delirious, and Dean had forced the admission out of him, sighing heavily when Cas told him that he was trying to keep himself awake to avoid the terror that awaited in his sleep. From that day on, whenever Cas woke from a nightmare, screaming and breathless, Dean was already beside him. It was Dean who pulled him in, holding him tightly and murmuring in his ear until the former angel could breathe again, at which point he’d herd Cas first to the kitchen for a glass of water, and then into Dean’s bed, because the darkness didn’t seem to be able to find him there. Cas was always careful to keep as much space between them as possible. Something about laying next to Dean, listening to the even rise and fall of his breaths was soothing, and he didn’t want to slip up and get kicked out.
Hey guys! Here's another chapter I've been working on for a while. Hope you enjoy it! FYI, I switched over to Cas' perspective for this one, I just feel like it told the story better.
“You weren’t tired anymore?” I repeat. He nods slowly. “You do realize that you’ve barely been able to stand up on your own, but suddenly you felt so good that you decided to make breakfast?” He gives a half-shrug, but stays silent. I sigh, collecting myself and putting the gun down. “Alright Cas, why don’t you take a seat?” Slowly, he obeys, sinking into the couch and watching as I sit down across from him. “Alright. Now, you want to tell me what’s really going on here?”
He walks slowly into the bathroom, and Dean can’t do anything but follow, watching as he shrugs off his coat and tie, rolling the sleeves of his dress shirt up to the elbows. Finally, he reaches for the hem of Dean’s shirt, pausing when the man tenses. “W-What are you…? You can’t…”
“I’m sure it does,” I answer, tugging him closer and kissing his head. “I’m so proud of you, Dean. I know how hard it must be for you to face your father again, and to stand up to him like that...”
He chuckles. “I slept. Though I was rather worried about the others. I remember how alarming it was the first time I fell asleep. I didn’t know I would wake up again.”
Dean’s arm tightens around his shoulders. “So what changed?”
“Scared,” he says after a moment. “I was terrified. But not so much of you. More of myself, and how much I wanted what you were offering. I did a lot of panicking in between the good parts. Is that normal?”
Party guests and people with cameras mill about in the dining room before the dinner begins, and Cas’ hand tightens on Dean’s arm as Raphael spots them, starting to walk over. Dean looks over at him questioningly, and he nods, taking a deep breath and forcing his shoulders back. “Castiel,” the other man greets. Dean snaps to attention at the bitter note in his voice, drawing Cas closer. “It’s been a long time, brother.”
I feel the blush that spreads over my face, shrugging. “It was no problem. I thought you might want to see it.”
“No, that’s okay. I like her. I wouldn’t think you’d like her, but I like her.”
Ellen smiled, shrugging. “Well, I had some help,” she hummed, smoothing Ben’s hair down lightly. “I’m sure gonna miss you boys.”
Dean smiles, taking Cas by the shoulders and turning him enough to kiss him softly. “It will, I promise. Why do you have to freak out?”
Cas considers it. “I suppose that’s possible. He is rather young. This is his first time on Earth.” He pauses, frowning. “Do you know anything that might help?”
Dean’s expression was a mixture of shock and alarm and worry as he gathered Cas close, hugging him tightly to his chest. He paused for a moment, then looked down at him, asking quietly how he felt. The question caught him off guard, and it took a minute to come up with the right word.
Cas shrugs. “Maybe it’s because your memories have been mostly blocked for the last few days. Or maybe it was just a particularly bad one. Either way, it happened and we got through it. That’s what matters.”
“I love you too,” Cas hummed, pressing closer. “I always will.”
Cas hesitates, glancing back to where Gabriel sits and lowering his voice. “Hypothetically…what do you think might happen if things…didn’t work out?”
He shrugs vaguely. “I heard about some strange things going on, and I know you two are pretty busy, so I thought I’d just…take care of it myself.” I raise an eyebrow at him, and he sighs. “Okay. I just wanted to prove that I could do something right for once. I thought I could handle it. Obviously, I was wrong.”
Cas frowned slightly at that. “It isn’t your fault,” he managed, his instincts still pushing him to comfort the human. “You can’t help who you are and aren’t attracted to...I shouldn’t have gotten so upset. I apologize, if you just...give me some time, I can figure this out, and things can go back to how they used to be...”
He twists his wrist at the same time as his other hand brushes lightly over the marks crisscrossing his back, and Dean moans loudly. “Please, please…”
That little twinge of nervousness settles in my stomach again, and I shrug. “Yeah, I mean, only if you want to. I mean, you’re kind of…it for me, you know? And I think by now everybody knows it.”
I sigh softly. “Dean, how many times have I told you how pure and beautiful your soul is? I was most surprised at the color, but that’s just how powerful your soul is.”
Dean shrugs. “I had to give Cas a little tour of the place. It’s busy out there tonight.”
Dean smiles slightly, pressing a kiss to Cas’ shoulder. “I guess I never thought about it like that...it is kinda funny, when you consider where we both started. Of course I believe in you. I wouldn’t be able to be open with you like this if I didn’t. The fact that I can be vulnerable with you, and know that you won’t use that against me is...well, it’s something I’m...not sure I ever had, before you. You see me...really see me; you know every bad thing I’ve ever done, and you love me anyway. And even when I tell you I wanna do weird stuff, you don’t judge me. You just...accept it all. It’s really nice to know I have someone I can turn to who will let me be who I am, and not...try to make me into something else.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His expression softens a little. “Dean, if you weren’t supposed to enjoy it, it wouldn’t feel good. I understand that it scares you, but that’s something you need to get past if you want to be happy. I can help you. And I know you don’t like it, but I can’t help if you won’t talk to me. There is nothing wrong with you for wanting intimacy.”
“Great. Hey Sammy? Where’s your boyfriend?” Dean asks, a teasing tone around the words.
Sam nods. “Thanks. I won’t mention it. Gabe, you think you can get us home?”
I chuckle. “Yes, a little. But it was nice to see you two get along.”
Dean grins. “Yeah? You look pretty relaxed, but I don’t know…I think you might still be holding some tension right about here.” He lets his fingertips brush lightly over his entrance, and Cas gasps sharply, jolting against the leather holding him down in an effort to get more. “Something tells me you agree,” Dean chuckles.
“I don’t know…” the angel starts.
He sighs, slowly standing up, and I panic for a moment, thinking he’s going to leave, but instead he sinks down to his knees in front of me. “That’s what you were seeing?” he asks. I nod. “Dean, we both know that it wasn’t really you. I would never hold that against you, and I’m not afraid of you.” He reaches out, gently lifting my chin and kissing me softly. “You’ve never done anything to hurt me. I know that, and so do you. You have to forgive yourself.”
His frown deepens. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
Cas considers it for a moment. “I’m…not sure. There’s something there, but it’s…hesitant. I think it’s testing the waters, so to speak.”
He snorts, shifting his hips, and I feel a distinct shape against my back. “I don’t think anything you’ve asked for is weird. I’ve rather enjoyed it so far. I hope you’ll let me do it again soon.” One of his hands slides lower, running nails lightly along my inner thigh where it spreads around his legs, and I shudder, hearing his soft intake of breath when I press back against his quickly growing erection. “You’re so beautiful, pet,” he murmurs, kissing my neck softly. “I intend to take full advantage of that gorgeous body for as long as you’ll let me.”
I nod, frowning. “Yes, of course. Where are Dean and…” I trail off, noticing his attention being drawn to the floor. When I glance down, a small figure catches my eye. I frown, leaning closer. “What…?”
“We can go whenever you want,” Dean chuckles. “And there are some other events. Benny’s party is probably the biggest around here. It’s coming up in a few months. But it’s…a little different.”
Sam shrugs. “Maybe the witch thinks it’s the parents’ fault for the way their kid acts? She could be trying to teach them a lesson or something. I dunno, but it definitely seems like the principal is suspect number one. We should search her office tonight.”
“Noted,” he answered breathlessly, just barely resisting the urge to pinch himself. “This...this is really what you want? You’re sure? I mean, I’m kind of a mess, and I’m probably gonna suck at this...”
“You don’t remember? Castiel, when Dean called you, what was left of your mangled Grace gathered itself and poofed you outside. You only got a few miles away before its strength gave out, but it was enough.”
He nods thoughtfully. “Well thank you.”
“Mine,” he growls back, licking over the mark. “Always mine. Beautiful, Dean…” I sigh softly, closing my eyes for a moment as he shifts lower. I try to keep watching, straining to see him when he kisses and licks at my thighs again. He chuckles, pausing for a moment to slip more pillows behind me. “Good boy. Keep watching.” He holds my gaze as his fingers wrap around my cock, stroking slowly. Quiet little whimpers escape me, and I can’t look away from the smooth rhythm of his hand.
There’s a shuffling sound again. “Good. Nervous?”
“They are,” he answers, “usually, at least. But…when a person dies, they can be sad too. And when that person was kind of an asshole to you your whole life…it brings up a lot of things he doesn’t want to think about.”
“I’ll always be here,” Dean murmurs back, kissing his forehead softly. “Sweet dreams, Cas.”
Cas gives a small smile, still shaking but breathing easier, and he nods. Benny smiles back, turning to dig through his bag. Cas watches him, perplexed. “W-What’s that?” he asks weakly.
Sam grins, hugging him tightly again. “In that case, I owe him. Come on, Cas, group hug time before Dean escapes!”
Cas frowns slightly at that, puzzled. “Because you asked me to,” he answers gently.
When I return to the bunker, I can feel how upset Dean is. I cautiously walk into his room, finding him on the floor beside his bed. The young angel is trying to comfort him, but it doesn’t appear to be working. They both look up when I enter. “Cas?” Dean murmurs.
“Whatever happens, we’ll handle it together, like always,” he murmurs. “I know it’s a lot to worry about, but we’re all here for you. And when it’s over, we’ll do whatever we need to do to help you feel safe again, I promise.”
I tease him, mouthing roughly along his jaw. He breathes out a yes, but in his head it’s a firm
"And you're sure he's not hurt?"
Dad blinks at me for a long moment. “I...I don’t understand...why would you think I would call you those things? I know I wasn’t the best parent, but I don’t...”
Cas stirs, mumbling something in his sleep. I lightly place a hand over his wing, and Sam’s eyes widen as the angel quiets. “That would be why.”
“Of course you can Dean,” he answers, smiling. “Go ahead.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He nods, closing his eyes while I plant soft kisses along his hips and thighs. They fly open again when my hand wraps around his steadily growing erection, stroking slowly. A whimper escapes him as he watches, fascinated. “Dean…” he whispers, low and reverent, like a prayer.
I reach up to the edge of the tape, hesitating for a moment before carefully peeling it away. He gasps softly, slowly reaching out. His fingers brush over the anti-possession symbol, then shift to graze lightly at the skin under the new black wings surrounding it. When he looks up again, his eyes are wide.
He nods, watching him for a minute. “You look concerned.”
Cas blushed, nodding. “Angels don’t exactly have a concept of gender, at least not the way humans do. We don’t reproduce like you do, so it’s never really been something that applies to us. I suppose the closest thing we have would be different classes of angels, like archangels, seraphs, footsoldiers...but even then, we have many more than two, and our rank doesn’t affect as much about our existence as gender does for humans. I know that people see me as a male, because that is how my vessel presents, and I’m fairly used to that, but I don’t think I identify as male or as female, exactly.”
He smirks, turning the vibrations up again. “Perhaps that’s the point,” he answers, punctuating this with a slow lick along my shaft.
Jody nodded, laughing slightly. “Yeah. But please tell me you finally told him!”
He shrugs. “Just curious, I guess.” His fingers stroke along the back of my neck as he kisses me again. I sigh softly against his lips when he pulls away. “I love you, Cas,” he murmurs.
He nods. “Okay,” he says calmly. “Let me get dressed and I’ll come help you figure it out. Start with tracking his phone. Maybe he still has it.” I find my laptop in the kitchen, and I’m so upset that it takes three tries to type Cas’ number in right. I slam the cover of the laptop down when the search comes back with nothing. I look up to find Sam standing in the doorway. “Guess that’s a no,” he sighs. “Alright. Tell me what you heard on the phone.”
“That’s great,” I reply. “What about the angel mojo?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh. Well, thanks. That was…thoughtful of you.”
Dean frowned slightly, shrugging. "Well...I don't know what else I'd do. I don't really have...hobbies. Not normal ones, anyway. Besides, that's my job."
The angel shrugged. “Now that I’m living on earth, I’ve been researching things, and I’ve found human conceptions of gender and sexuality to be fascinating. I used to think the human experience was so limited, but there’s such variation. It’s very interesting. And I...I just thought it might be fun, that’s all.” He paused for a moment before standing up and clearing his plate. “Excuse me.” There was something pained in his voice before he disappeared down the hallway, and Dean frowned, but didn’t go after him, choosing to ignore Sam’s glares as they cleaned up.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Cas reminds him, noticing the frown on Dean’s face. “We have plenty more places to go. I made a list.”
“Am I correct in assuming that saying you want to sleep actually meant you want to have sex with me?”
I nod, quickly pulling my shirt over the harness and checking in the mirror to make sure it can’t be seen. Cas takes my hand, squeezing it lightly as he leads me to the kitchen, where Sam is at the table drinking coffee. He glances up and smiles. “Morning guys. Sleep okay?”
"Mine feels the same way," he answers softly. "Though there is one thing that might make it feel better..."
“Why do you look so worried?” Dean teased lightly, nipping his lip. “You might be more nervous that I am.” He grabbed the bottle, squeezing some lube into his palm before starting to stroke Cas’ cock lazily.
I nod, breathing deeply, and the words seem to fall out of my mouth like they’ve been there all along. “It’s easier, with you in charge. I feel…safe, like I don’t have to hide.”
“Alright. So could I possibly be here with you if you were really in hell?”
Gabriel nods. “And you don’t have to show him anything you don’t want to. If there’s anything you want to keep private just let me know and I won’t show him. You’re still in control here.”
"No more hiding things from us,” he says, his tone firm but not angry. “We can’t help if we don’t know what’s going on, okay?”
Dean nodded, grinning. “Good. Really good. I haven’t done that in such a long time.”
“You too, douchebag,” Dean calls back, making an obscene gesture before practically dragging me into our room.
Cas grins, brushing his hair back. “I suppose I could eat. But I’m not sure I can move.”
The phrase echoes in my head as I fall to my knees, still trying to plead with her through my gasps before things go black.
“I’m so proud of you,” I murmur, hugging him close.
He smiles a little. “I know that. I really do. I understand a lot more now.”
I try my best to hide my surprise. “Oh. That was…fast.”
TheSongSmith
"And Cas?" He presses. "You feel okay?"
“Yeah, okay. But  I thought we were already angel mates or something.”
“If that’s what you want,” Dean assures him. “I asked them to stick around for a while. Let’s get you cleaned up and comfortable and then you can see them, alright?” Cas is suddenly aware of the uncomfortable mess he’s made in those stupid shorts, and he nods in agreement, holding on tight when Dean carefully lifts him to his feet. He cleans up the mess gently, helping him into soft sweatpants and a t-shirt. “So? How was it?”
I look down again, confused, and wide green eyes stare up at me. Suddenly it dawns on me, and it must dawn on the child as well, because the shock of the spell wears off and tears well up in his eyes. “Oh no…” I murmur. “Dean…please don’t…” It’s useless, as a loud crying is already filling the room. The sound seems to shock the other child, who I assume to be Gabriel, out of his stupor, and he starts crying too. I look to Sam, lost. “How do we make it stop?”
He considers it. “Yes, actually. No dreams. Usually I have at least one or two.”
Slowly, he nods. “I…think so,” he whispers. “But maybe you could explain better.”
“You think so?” Cas asks, looking up at him.
I take a deep breath, nodding. “Yes Sir.”
“There you are,” he chuckles coming over to hug them. “I thought you weren’t going to make it.”
,” he says, “It’s been a really long time since we’ve been on a hunt.”
Cas considered the blade for a moment before his eyes lifted to Dean’s face. He wasn’t sure if it was his expression, or the pleading note in his voice, but the angel nodded, touching his cheek lightly. “I always trust you, Dean.”
“Cas…fuck, baby…Cas!” he shouts, shuddering through his release.
“I do my best,” Cas answered, grinning. “Although usually I’m only cooking for myself, and I have to admit, I’m not too picky.”
He gives me one of his signature bitchfaces, number twenty five. A classic. “Because you’re the king of sharing your feelings, Dean?”
Cas nodded. “I know, but...I’m still sorry you had to go through that. You don’t have to tell me anything, but...if you ever do want to talk, I’m happy to listen.”
“You are pretty shameless,” Dean grins, pressing closer. He pauses for a moment, humming thoughtfully. “Do you ever...miss it?” he asks finally. “How your life was before you met me? I mean, I know you were lonely, but...it must’ve been a lot simpler.”
TheSongSmith
“A rogue angel who’s out to hunt other angels,” he finishes.
Dean stared at him for a long moment, sure he couldn’t have heard what he thought he’d just heard. He sputtered for a moment, trying to kick his brain into gear again. “I’m...sorry, what?”
Cas nods. “So what happened after? Did you still have flashbacks?”
I snort, shaking my head. “What, about the whole Gabriel thing? Nah, I kinda figured you two had something going on. I’ll kill him if he hurts you, but if you’re happy, I’m happy.” I look back to the archangel, who’s still watching me warily, like he thinks I might lunge at him. “I mean it, you hurt him you’re dead.”
“Good,” Dean smiles. “He’s all excited about some lawyer thing. I don’t really get it, but he seems happy. I think he’s seeing someone.”
“What, you want more?” I chuckle. He nods, mumbling to himself, his whole body twitching as I lightly rub the fingers of my free hand against his opening. Instead of tensing up this time, he relaxes as I gently slip one, then two fingers into him, feeling him shudder hard, moaning loudly and clenching tight around them. “How’s that?” I murmur, biting lightly at his thigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
I sigh, but nod. “Alright, fine. Might wanna give a call when you’re on your way back.”
He nods. “Yes, actually. As much as I don’t like remembering what happened, I also didn’t like not knowing. It was bad, and…difficult, but now that I know, I don’t have to wonder.”
“Well, it’s not completely hopeless,” Charlie pointed out. “It may just be a theory right now, but at least it gives us some direction. Whether or not we’re right about exactly what happened to him, we know for sure that there’s a lot of trauma behind him that’ll need to be dealt with. You can work on getting him to open up to you, and I’ll look into more of our missing persons, see if I can’t find a connection between them that’ll give us a better idea about all this. The age range is so specific, there has to be more to this.”
Cas hummed, happily accepting the extra mug Dean offered. “Good morning...”
Dean laughs. “Oh, I see. I’m glad we’re being environmentally conscious.” He tilts his head to the side as Cas’ lips migrate down his neck, moaning softly at the feeling of his teeth and the low growl that escapes him. “This is what you want, huh?”
I sigh. “Awesome. You know how much I love being the universe’s guinea pig.”
Dean chuckles, leaning in to kiss him again. “Well I think that was a good decision. You doing okay?”
Love,
“You’re right about that,” I murmur, kissing him softly. “Still, you were very brave, especially when it comes to revealing our relationship. I’m really proud of you.”
“How does that feel, Dean?” Cas asks, carefully adjusting the ropes.
I nod, standing shakily and shoving my sweatpants down before returning to my position on the floor. Cas takes a deep breath, reaching out to stroke through my hair gently. “Good boy. What’s your safeword, Dean?”
Cas rolls his eyes. "Well I think it's sweet. They certainly make each other happy. I didn't think Gabriel was capable of being so sincere. I thought it might kill him."
Dean smiles encouragingly. “Well then there’s not much point to being scared if you don’t have a reason, is there? You know I wouldn’t do anything bad to you, right?” Cas nods. “Okay. Then take a couple of deep breaths and try to relax. You’re fine. I’m right here. You’re safe. I’m not going to move until you’re ready.” Gradually, the knot inside Cas’ chest loosens, and he breathes a little easier, letting the smooth movements of Dean’s hand over his skin soothe the trembling. Hesitantly, he starts to sit back, stopping when Dean’s hand stays in place. It takes him a minute to realize the reason; that Dean is letting him do this at his own pace, and suddenly he can’t remember why he’d ever doubted him. Slowly, he eases himself back onto Dean’s finger, pausing every time his breaths get too shallow. It takes a long time, but eventually he shifts fully back onto Dean’s lap, sighing softly at the new sensation. Dean grins widely, free hand stroking his cheek lightly. “Good boy,” he murmurs. “I’m proud of you. How does it feel now?”
, my brain reminds me. I attempt to settle back into sleep, but the thought won’t leave me alone, so I carefully untangle myself from him and slip out to the kitchen. Sitting down with my coffee, I pick up the same angel lore books, but I can’t manage to focus on any of them. My gaze slides toward the basement stairs, and after listening to make sure no one else is awake I have to look for myself. I go downstairs quietly, pausing outside the door.
Dean nodded, biting his lip for a moment. “Oh. Okay. Is this too close? I can back up...”
“Two things, actually,” he explains. “We haven’t done much in the way of pain play yet. We could start to explore it with some lighter instruments to see how you like it, and see if it’s something you really want.”
Benny studies his expression for a moment, sighing softly and sitting down again. “Okay, listen. That’s something you two have to discuss. But honestly, I don’t think he’d be upset. Your romantic relationship is separate from your relationship in the playroom. And yeah, there might be some crossover, but I know Dean is very careful about keeping those things apart. Letting other people touch you in that kind of setting isn’t the same as cheating in my eyes, and I don’t think Dean would see it that way either. And besides, it’s not about the other people, it’s about putting trust in your Dom. He’ll be there with you the whole time, and you two will discuss boundaries ahead of time. Frankly, he’d probably think it was hot. But if you’re really concerned, talk to him. You’re not going to enjoy it if you’re worried about that.”
I stare at him for a moment, trying to understand. “Why are you nervous?” I ask finally. “What’s going on?” Out of the corner of my eye I see Gabriel touch down lightly beside Sam, and then Hadriel, all three of them dressed similarly, and all of them smiling.
It isn’t long before we’re both teetering on the edge. I open my eyes to find him watching me with love and admiration, and he grins as his next stroke hits exactly the right spot to make fire explode through my veins. I contract around him and he loses his thin control, collapsing against my chest, still buried deep inside. I wrap my arms around him, holding him as close as possible while tremors run through me. “So beautiful,” he whispers, his fingers lightly stroking along my skin. “You’re so, so incredible Dean. I love you.” His voice is hushed and almost reverent.
“Of course it’s alright with me,” I chuckle, kissing him softly. “I’d like that too. I’ll scream it from the rooftops if I have to.”
“For what?” I ask cautiously.
Dean found Bobby on the porch, a glass of whiskey in his hand as he stared out into the dark junkyard. “Hey...mind if I join you?”
I can feel his cock sliding over my hole, and when the head catches slightly on the rim it’s too much. “Oh please, fuck me Daddy!” I cry out.
“You’re just trying to avoid the laundry,” I laugh, kissing him softly.
Cas chuckles softly, leaning in to kiss my cheek as he massages shampoo into my hair, and I can’t help the soft moan that escapes me. “I don’t know. It’s just a gift, I suppose. I’m glad, though. You should relax more often.” He reaches out, his fingers pressing into the muscles at the back of my neck, and he laughs at my groan. “That’s what you get for being so tense all morning,” he murmurs, kissing between my shoulder blades. “It’s a good thing you have me here to take care of you.”
, but here, in their bed, where he was just
“You want me to....what?” Cas asks.
“So good baby,” Dean pants, stroking through his sweaty, disheveled locks and gasping as Cas clenches around him the next time he bottoms out. “Fuck, I wish you could see how sexy you are fucking yourself on my cock.”
I wake up in the middle of the night, sure I heard something. Blade clutched in my hand, I scan the room, listening for any disturbance. Glancing at the clock, I realize that it’s almost four in the morning, and the only thing that woke me was my dreams. I sigh, relaxing my grip around the handle. Is it too much to ask for one solid night’s sleep? I turn away from the clock, and manage to almost fall asleep before the phone rings. When I see Cas’ number I frown, picking it up quickly. “Cas?”
Dean chuckles breathlessly, his arms tightening around Cas’ back. “Goddammit Cas, you must’ve been a sex guru in a previous life. Or a porn star.”
Gabriel arrives after we’ve checked into a motel, changing into our suits. Dean slips a heavy leather bag over my shoulder, then grins. “Have I ever told you how much I love you in a suit?” he asks, leaning forward to kiss me. “You look like a sexy businessman.”
It’s slow going, and quite a feat considering that I can feel the beads shift with each inch I move. When I finally manage it I’m red-faced and out of breath. He grins at me, and I frown. “What?”
The angel hesitated. He wasn’t sure he could handle the confirmation of his fears, that this was just a ploy to keep him around. “Dean...are you sure about this?”
For those of you wondering, ProfoundBond is a group of Destiel creators, and they're really awesome. I've found a lot of support and awesome people over there, so if you're over 18 come check them out on Discord! https://discord.gg/profoundbond
I feel my face go red. “You know what I mean.” A short chuckle escapes him, and the sound eases the tension in my whole body. “Do you understand now?” He gives a slight nod. “Good. Still tired? Want to go back to sleep?” He hesitates, looking at the pillow with a mixture of desire and reluctance. I offer my hand again, but instead of taking it he takes a breath and scoots further towards the other side of the bed. It takes me a minute to realize what he’s trying to ask for. “You want me to lie down with you?” He swallows nervously, shrugging. “I mean, I don’t mind, but I don’t want to freak you out. I know you like your space lately. You sure it’s okay?”
“When you put it that way, I guess not,” Cas admits. “I know you wouldn’t push me too far. As long as you don’t go crazy with it, I think I can try.”
“He does have particularly strong nesting instincts,” I answer.
Ben hesitated, then nodded, scooting out of the car and taking Cas’ hand in his free one. “Together?” he asked.
Dean snorts, shaking his head. “Yeah, we probably should’ve seen that one coming…”
Dean laughed, kissing both their heads lightly. “French toast sounds good. Come on, kiddo, let’s get washed up.”
“Yeah. We think he might have been spending this time honing his skills, and now he’s using demons to do his dirty work.”
“Apparently, on some kind of mini-vacation with Gabriel. It seems they’ve decided to hash out whatever the hell is going on with them. So it’s just us for a while.” A slow smile slides across his face, his mood suddenly lifted. “What?” I ask.
He shakes his head at me. “It’s more than curiosity. You like giving up control.”
I nod, returning to Cas, who frowns. “Don’t worry, he’s coming,” I assure him.
“By everything, you mean our…earlier activities?” he asks. I nod. “Do you…regret them?”
When they’ve both caught their breath, Dean pulls Cas into the shower, gently lathering shampoo into his hair. “You still thinking about the stuff you said last night?” he asks softly. Cas just shrugs. “It’s okay to think about it sometimes,” he murmurs.
like this? Probably not since Mary, and it’s that thought that finally does it, the wall he’d put his emotions behind crumbling as they all rush back into him.
He nods, perplexed until Dean’s hand finds his jaw and he leans over, kissing him softly. Cas melts into the touch, shifting to straddle his hips and kiss him back. When they pull apart, he grins. “Oh. I see. In that case, we should do this again sometime.”
Cas was happy to oblige, one hand shifting to tease Dean’s nipples as he set a hard and fast pace, nailing his prostate on every thrust. Dean was quickly becoming an incoherent puddle, desperate sounds spilling out of him with every breath, and Cas was pretty sure it was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. He managed to gather enough of his brain cells together to drag Dean’s lips back to his, the moans and whimpers muffled between them as he laid claim to Dean’s mouth, the other man yielding happily and shuddering at Cas’ possessive growl. “That’s it baby,” he purred when they came up for air, grinning at Dean’s whimper in response. “Can’t wait to watch you, so beautiful...”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean blushed, shrugging slightly. Well, I...I may not be an expert about this kinda thing, but...I love you, and I want you to be happy. So I may screw up sometimes, but I can at least try.”
He grins again, winking. “I guess you’ll just have to be quiet then, won’t you?”
I sit up a little more, watching him carefully as I slowly reach out towards the mark again. I hear his heartbeat grow faster again as I pause just before my fingers make contact, waiting for his slight nod before spreading my hand over the mark. Dean sucks in a breath, gasping slightly, and he watches me with wide eyes. He doesn’t say anything for over a minute, just stares at me, which might be the longest he’s ever been speechless. “Dean?” I ask softly. “Is this…okay?”
Sam frowns, taking his hand lightly. “We’ll still have our family. The only question is whether or not he wants to be a part of it. And if he chooses not to be, it won’t be because of you. This is who we are, and you and Cas make us happy. If he can’t deal with that, it’s no big loss.”
“Well, he’ll be evaluated for any neurological damage, and they’ll decide on a plan from there. The extent of his injuries means that he’ll probably be here a little while longer, and he’ll need some physical therapy to get his strength back up as he heals. I can’t say anything for certain, but things look promising so far. We’ll have to wait and see how he responds, but we should have more answers soon.”
They exchange a look before Kevin grins. “We’d love to.” He slips onto the bed at Cas’ side, Ezekiel sitting down beside him. Cas grins as Kevin leans against him, slipping his arm around the boy’s shoulders. “You did really well.”
“I can’t say I have any complaints about that,” Dean chuckles. “Do you feel a little better now?”
After cleaning up, the four of them moved to the couch, Dean sitting with Cas on one side and Charlie on the other, Meg settling on the arm of a chair. He took a deep breath as she set a clean syringe on the table in front of him, squeezing Cas’ hand tightly. “Remember to breathe,” she reminded him gently. “That’s as close as it’s getting for now.”
He claps Cas’ shoulder lightly before making a beeline for the food. Cas continues staring into space for a moment. “Cas?” I murmur. “You okay?”
Dean cried out as his body suddenly yielded to the pressure, just the head of Cas’ cock buried in him. He knew his tight grip must be hurting the man under him, but for a moment his whole body locked down, and he couldn’t even breathe, his world narrowed down to the bright shock of pain. Slowly, though, he became aware of more. The fingers of Cas’ free hand were stroking lightly along his side, and the man was murmuring gently. “Dean? Sweetheart, you have to relax. It’s okay, you’re safe. Try to breathe, I’ve got you...”
Dean couldn’t wipe the grin off his face as he mingled in the crowd, the realization that all these people cared about him enough to throw him a birthday party sparking a giddy feeling in his chest. By the end of the night Dean was sure it had been the best birthday he’d ever had, with all the people he loved. Sam and Eileen had even made him Rice Krispie treats for dessert.
The angel shrugged slightly, staring down into his cup. “That’s alright. I know it’s something you’re sensitive about, and I didn’t intend to make you uncomfortable. But I appreciate the apology.”
Dean shakes his head, sniffing. “I failed,” he insists. “You’re being nice to me but I don’t deserve this! I was supposed to keep him safe, that was my job, and I…” A rogue sob escapes him, and he buries himself further in Cas’ neck as the angel shushes him.
Dean glanced up at that, sniffling softly. “You don’t have to help me...I know we just got the biggest win, and you have a whole life to plan out with Eileen...It’s what you’ve always wanted. This is just...it’s something that I need to do.”
Cas snorts. “If you say so. I’ve never been much for large social gatherings. At least they’re leaving us alone for the most part.”
In the morning I wake to light touches moving across my skin. When I open my eyes I find Cas grinning at me. He leans down to kiss me softly, continuing to draw light patterns over my back. “Good morning to you too,” I mumble when he pulls back. “What’s that for?”
He shrugs. “It’s okay. I get it.” I raise an eyebrow at him, but he doesn’t elaborate, watching me thoughtfully for a moment. “Take a walk with me?” he says finally. I nod, following him down the hall until we’re far enough away from Sam and Cas. “Okay, look. I know you think I’m the bad guy here. And I can’t really blame you, considering our history. But I’m working on it. And it worries me that you’re so afraid of other people finding out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think so,” I murmur. “Still a little shaky, I guess.” The stuffed animal from before catches my eye, and I frown at it for a moment before glancing back to Cas. “Do you think you could…do me a giant favor?” I ask hesitantly.
I chuckle. “That is something you’d do. How many angels are we talking here? All of them?”
Dean starts to stir, blinking groggily. “Wha’s happening?” he asks, rubbing his eyes.
“You sure?” he asks. I nod. “Alright. Night, Dean.”
Cas stirs for a moment, pressing closer, before snoring again. “He’s doing pretty well. I’m going to take a look at the knife wounds later; I think they should be just about healed up. He stretched his bad wing a little today. He said it didn’t hurt at all, so that’s a good sign. I’m going to keep the bones immobile for a little longer, just to be safe, but once we loosened his back up he seemed to be doing a lot better. I’m going to check it every few days to make sure it doesn’t tighten up like that again.”
Dean’s mouth drops open a little in shock, which only causes Castiel to laugh again, thought he tries to control it. “Are you telling me you’re a virgin?” he asks cautiously. Cas just nods, stuttering out broken apologies in between giggles, and suddenly Dean’s laughing too, and the whole thing is so ridiculous that neither of them can stop. “Jesus Cas, I’m so sorry!”
“Gabriel!”
I have to think about it for a moment. “Okay...I think I was just...kinda nervous about wearing it around other people. It wasn’t as bad as I thought though. And it still feels a little weird to move around in.”
He’s startled out of that particular thought by the soft knock against the door. He knew who it was even before the voice followed, could feel the pull in his chest. “Cas? Look, I know you’re pissed at me...Just...let me know you’re okay in there?”
“I can’t wait,” Cas smiles, watching him gather his things.
“How the hell was I supposed to know? I mean yeah, he acts kinda weird around me, but the dude’s a celestial wavelength, he’s always weird!”
“It will get better. You’re just not used to having more limbs yet.”
A twisted little chuckle escaped him.
He hesitates. “Cas, I can’t…”
God smiles. “Very well. Once your Grace is back in order, you will be the Guardian of both Sam and Dean, as well as my new head Guardian.”
Cas smiles, following my gaze. “If it helps, I certainly won’t judge you,” he answers. “We won’t talk about it ever again if you don’t want.”
Cas nods, relieved, and aims a few more strikes. On the last one, it takes a little longer before Dean relaxes, and Cas looks to Benny curiously. “Is that…?”
“Probably partially due to inexperience on Crowley’s part,” Benny answers. “But mostly because he didn’t care about your well-being. The most important part of pain play is knowing when to stop. It can be enjoyable for a while, but if you push it too far it’s just straight painful. You have to know where the line is. I know Dean’s limits and the signs that he’s getting close, and Dean knows that stuff about you. Crowley’s focus was on his own gratification, not your experience. That means what you remember isn’t anything like what we’re going to do to Dean today, or what he’s going to do to you. We have very different goals.”
Gabriel nods, taking a deep breath. “You should probably be closest,” he says to Dean. “If he’s going to remember anyone, it’ll be you.”
After a while, Sam glances up at me. “Find anything yet?”
I raise an eyebrow at Cas, who smiles, his eyes falling to my shoulder. "We're both human now. This kind of power will leave a mark on us both, the way it did on you when I pulled you from hell. I can do mine on top of your old one, if that's alright with you."
“They…do a lot of things,” Dean answers carefully. “Meg is a little more intense than what you’re used to. But she’s careful. She may seem harsh, but she wouldn’t hurt Ruby. And if you change your mind, just let me know. We can leave anytime.” Cas nods, leaning against his leg as the seats around them fill.
“Yeah, he’s a good kid, isn’t he? I’m glad I have someone else to help keep him safe now. For a long time it was only me.”
“I thought about it,” Cas admits. “But then I thought you might confirm all my fears and leave, and I just couldn’t deal with that. I should have woken you up before it got so bad.”
. Family takes care of each other. Thanks for looking out for him.”
I frown. “Why are you hugging me?” I ask, briefly distracted by the same stabbing pain in my chest.
“You’re…going…to…leave!” he chokes out, near hysterical in between big gasps.
They sit down, and Dean drapes an arm around Cas’ shoulders as they order. “I have to hand it to you, Dean,” Charlie says, grinning. “I’ve spent years trying to get Cas to be comfortable not controlling everything, and you manage to do it in a couple of hours. You know how much he likes control.”
Cas nods, sighing softly and checking himself in the mirror again. “I’m sure. I have to face them sooner or later, and if we don’t go to the rehearsal dinner they’ll come looking for us. Besides, at least Gabriel and Anna should be here by now.”
Dean chuckles, humming softly in approval when Cas kisses him. “Truly terrible,” he teases.
I nod, understanding what’s going on. “Alright baby, it’s gonna be okay,” I murmur, slowly reaching out to run a hand along his spine, a practiced movement. “Can you sit up for me?”
“Okay,” Cas says calmly. “Take a deep breath. Where are you right now?”
By the time Raphael returns to wrench the microphone from Gabriel’s hand the five of them are doubled over, howling with laughter at Gabriel’s speech, which contained no less than four references to the groom’s cock. Gabriel makes an indignant sound and a halfhearted grab for the mic before he sulks back to the table. Raphael shoots daggers at him as he dismisses the crowd for the night, and Dean has to wipe tears out of his eyes as Sam practically picks Gabriel up and carries him upstairs. “That was so totally worth it,” he chuckles, leaning against Cas’ shoulder as they catch their breath in the elevator. “Did you see everyone’s faces?”
He leans in kissing me softly. “Nothing to worry about. See you in an hour.” He disappears down the hall, and I snort, shaking my head at him and going back to my coffee.
His hands travel slowly up each side of my spine. “Have you considered that maybe they’re only so overwhelming because you’re so determined to fight them?” he asks.
“That’s exactly why I’m going to teach you what to do in case I can’t. But later. We have a couple of hours before we need to worry about it, and I’d like to spend them just like this.” Cas grins, nodding and allowing Dean to help him dry off. Once back on the couch he presses close into his side, leaning up to kiss him again.
“I’m not surprised. Sam is…kind of a tender subject for him. I haven’t seen him this bad since he found out the kid was going away to school.”
On their way to the banquet, Cas pauses outside the elevator, grabbing Dean’s wrist. “Cas? You okay?” Dean asks.
Cas chuckles, leaning up to kiss my cheek. "Now, you said something about presents?" Gabriel snorts, and Cas looks at me with an offended expression. "Why does he get to know what it is?"
It’s a familiar question, but it still kicks up something warm in his gut. “You, Castiel.”
“What’s that look for?” I ask cautiously.
Donna hummed, stealing a fry from Dean’s plate. “What made it awkward?”
“I know,” Dean smiled. “You’ve always supported me, even when I’ve been kind of an asshole, and that’s why I know I can talk to you about this stuff.” He paused, stroking Cas’ cheek lightly. “You know it’s the same for you, right? That I’ll love you no matter what?”
He nods, maybe a little overeagerly. “Please.”
Smirking, Cas gently ran a finger around Dean’s pink, puffy rim, laughing at Dean’s sharp gasp as his hips ground down into the bed involuntarily, putting too much friction on his over-sensitive cock. “I think you’ll live. Have I mentioned that you’re beautiful?”
Benny chuckles, nodding. “Well, it’s looking good. There’s no inflammation or sign of infection, and they’re healing pretty quick. I think a lot of them will scar, but they’ll mostly fade with time, and I can give you something to help with that. If I can touch them and the worst you get is a few sensitive spots, I think you’re just fine.”
Dean chuckles. “As long as I still get to kiss you.”
“I’m not getting my hopes up yet,” Dean sighs. “He’s probably too shocked to do anything yet. Give him some time to think about it and have a drink or two, we’ll see how he really feels.”
“It’s nothing. I just wasn’t sure if you’d…be upset about…you know…”
I laugh, pulling him down to kiss him again. “I love you. What did you have in mind?”
“No, but he’s communicating a little more. At the very least he’s responsive.”
I swallow, trying to figure out my answer. “I…yeah, I guess…it’s just that…you have wings…”
Dean laughs, kissing him softly. “It’s alright. I suspect it won’t be the last time.”
Dean smiles slightly, shrugging. “I know...trust me, I’ve imagined it a lot. But if I want to know the truth, I can’t keep hiding. I have to be who I really am, not who he wants me to be. Otherwise it’s pointless. Besides, I know better now. I don’t have to be someone else to make anyone happy.” I can’t help but grin at that, and he raises an eyebrow at me. “What...? What are you looking at me like that for?”
“Because it’s fun,” I laugh. “It’s seriously that strong a feeling?”
Dean couldn’t help but return Castiel’s smile, shrugging slightly.
He nods. “Alright. I’m going to go take a shower. You two pull up whatever information you can on their headquarters.”
Cas smiles. “I hope you’ll tell it to me one day.”
“He’s been coming to our room in the mornings a lot lately,” Dean added. “Not just for nightmares. He seems to like to snuggle for a bit before we all get up. Actually, he’s been really affectionate in general lately, more than he’s been before. We don’t mind, and we haven’t made a big deal out of it or anything, but we did want to ask you to make sure we were doing the right thing. The last thing we want is to hurt him, or confuse him.”
A sudden, horrible thought occurs to me. “So you just have an all-access pass up there now?”
Cas blushes, nodding. “Very much so. Especially after the exhaustion of the past few months.”
I nod, sitting on the counter beside him. “Yeah, I know how you feel. None of us like it. But sometimes we have to depend on each other. It’s only for a while. Don’t worry. I’m sure you’ll be back to your usual, pain-in-the-ass self in no time.”
Cas hesitates. “Do you…think that’s a good idea?”
Cas grins, leaning up to kiss behind his ear. “You feel that?” he murmurs, rolling his hips slowly. “Feel how nice my cock fills you up? You love it, don’t you?” Dean’s answer is mostly broken whimpers, affirmations, and pleas. He squirms, trying to get some leverage to move his hips, but pinned under Cas’ weight his efforts are futile, and he starts going pink from the tips of his ears down his chest. “What’s the matter, Dean?” Cas chuckles, teasing his teeth along his neck. “Something I can do for you?”
An involuntary moan escapes him, his face flushing as he pulls another bead free. He clears his throat, regaining his in-control posture. “Well…you have been a good boy…”
What he didn’t expect was the angel leaning forward, pressing their lips together. Dean froze for a long moment, not quite believing this was real.
“Good,” he murmurs back, finishing up. “Well, it’s looking good. Swelling went down at least. I’m going to wrap it up again for now. Today I want you to take it easy. You can take Tylenol if you want to, and tomorrow Dean can help you wash up and let it air out.”
He nods, waiting patiently.
Maybe.
Cas considers it, shrugging. “You’re welcome to try.”
Dean shuddered, his still-sensitive cock somehow attempting to get it up again anyway, and he cursed, swatting Cas’ arm lightly as he laughed. “Oh, fuck off, you jerk. We do
He wandered down the hall toward his bedroom, finding Cas curled up on their bed. Upon closer inspection, he found that the angel was asleep, though he still looked angry. While Cas didn’t exactly require sleep, he was able to when he wanted, although tonight it seemed he’d fallen asleep in order to avoid Dean (which was a level of passive aggressiveness Dean had to admire, if he was honest), and he didn’t even stir when Dean climbed into bed beside him. Dean watched the even rise and fall of his breaths for a few minutes, thinking through everything that Sam had said. It did hurt a little, that Cas had felt more comfortable talking to Sam about this stuff, though he understood the reasons. No matter what else he may or may not be, Dean was Cas’ boyfriend first, and he owed it to the angel to get his head out of his ass long enough to at least try to understand what he was going through. Cas was always happy to support him when he needed it, and it was about time Dean returned the favor. With that in mind, he picked up his laptop and started to type.
He smiles, nodding. “That’s right, pet. And that is what we’re going to use you for today. We’re going to use the color system for now. If you can’t speak I want you to tap me once for green, twice for yellow, and three times to safeword, and you may not come without permission. We’ll see if you deserve to later. Do you have any questions or concerns about the rules?”
“You think seeing the things you went through might make him think those things about you again? That he might be disappointed?” he asks.
So, I kind of fell off the wagon with this one. I had no idea it had been three years since I updated! the drive that had my work on it stopped working, so I lost everything, and I just lost the motivation to work on it. But the other night I got some inspiration and suddenly I have 13,000 more words written, so I figured I'd post it for those of you who enjoyed this story as much as I do. So far I have four more chapters done, and I'm really going to do my best to finish this story, because you guys deserve it, and so do these boys. Forgive me if newer chapters are a little different than old ones, it has been three years, so my writing has evolved a little bit. I'll try to update tags as well.
Sam hesitates, glancing between us for a moment. “This is our...this is where we live. We still take cases, but we send the farther ones out through the hunter network.”
Dean quickly makes two sandwiches, waiting until Cas meets his gaze before setting one in front of him with a silent command to eat it. Cas smiles and gives a short nod, setting his laptop aside for a few minutes as Dean settles himself on the couch. “So how’s it going so far?” he asks, watching with amusement as Cas wolfs down his sandwich.
Cas grinned, obliging. “I like dogs,” he decided.
He chuckles. “I am happy. We haven’t had a good case in so long!”
I scowl. “On a cuff under Sam’s bed. Now tell me the truth, what kind of mojo crap are you pulling on my brother?”
Dean and Charlie cleaned up from breakfast, with Charlie making up most of the conversation until they moved to the living room. The picture on the mantle caught his attention again, and he took it down before sitting down on the couch again. “Charlie?” he asked cautiously. “Do you…know who this is?”
“Okay. Can you tell me why that upsets you?”
I shrug. “We’ve been through a lot together. Is something wrong?”
He threw something small and metal in Dean’s direction, and Dean caught it, frowning down at the shiny set of keys in confusion. “They keys to the Firebird? Bobby, I can’t take this...”
“And that you stop me if it goes too far, regardless of what you feel you deserve.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I assure him.
I chuckle, resting my forehead against his shoulder. “No, that’s okay. Come on, I’m hungry.”
Slowly, I walk back over, sitting beside him. “Dean.” He glances up immediately, as I hoped he would when I chose that tone, the one he affectionately named “Cas’ ass-kicking voice.” Though still obviously frightened, at least he’s listening. “I know you’re scared,” I start.
He nods, resting his head against Dean’s shoulder. “Yeah. Actually, I think that was exactly what I needed.”
I nod, leaning into his touch. “Please.” He stands, but I grab his wrist before he gets too far. “Sir?” My eyes flick down to the obvious bulge in his pants. “May I?”
I shrug. “Nothing to be sorry for. It happens to the best of us. How are you feeling?”
Cas nods, squeezing his hand. “Of course not. I promise.” There’s a soft knock at the door before a woman enters with a small cart. In her nursing scrubs, it takes a moment before Cas recognizes her. “Meg?”
Love,
Dean nods. “Of course. We can talk now if you want.”
Sam sighs softly. “He doesn’t, usually. But he knows I’m going to have to cauterize the wound, and some of this probably reminds him of some bad memories that happened a long time ago. We don’t have a choice, Cas, if we don’t do it he’s as good as dead. And we need to do it soon.”
Cas hesitated, staring down at the comforter while he worked up the courage for this conversation. “Would you still love me, if I was human forever?” Cas asked finally, suddenly sounding nervous.
I look up at him, surprised. “He’s a fallen angel?”
We’re so focused on this exchange that Dean and I fail to notice the demons behind us until we feel cold blades pressed against our throats. Castiel’s eyes widen, and Karael chuckles. “So these are your little human pets. Sam and Dean. Do they know what a pathetic little weakling you are? The things you’ve done? I doubt it, they’re still here.” He grins, and the site of it makes my blood run cold. “Which one is Dean?” he asks. “Does he know how you screamed for him, over and over, while we destroyed your wings? While we snapped them like twigs and cut into you, over and over…” A little shiver runs through Cas, who looks at me with wide eyes, and I can tell that his memories are getting the best of him. I give him an encouraging nod as much as the blade at my throat allows and mouth the word breathe, smiling a little as he obeys. Dean lets out a growl at Karael’s words, and the angel’s eyes settle on him. “Something to say, Dean?” he asks.
“I guess I’ll have to thank him for that.” I frown. “I was screaming the whole time?”
Cas isn’t sure what that means, but he nods, following Dean behind the bar to a flight of stairs along the back wall that leads up to a second story. He shares brief words that Cas can’t hear with the man standing in front of them before he steps aside to let them through. Cas follows him up the steps to the landing, leaning into the arm that wraps around his waist as he leans against the railing. It’s much easier to see the bottom floor from up here, and much less claustrophobic, and Cas gives him a grateful smile as he points out different things. “Doing okay so far?” Dean asks as they watch.
“Morning,” I reply. “So am I. Hungry?” He nods, watching as Dean shuffles in, rubbing his neck. “Morning Dean,” I grin. “Sleep well?”
He wrote.
I swallow hard, glancing up to his face. “Please may I suck your cock Sir?”
“Am I going to punish you, you mean?” He asks. I feel myself flush, shrugging, and he sighs softly. “I don’t know. Can you tell me why it’s so important to you?”
I chuckle, thinking about how much time he must have spent thinking about this. “When did you even have time to do all this?”
He considers it for a moment, then smiles. “I didn’t think about it that way. That helps. I want to try it,” he decides. “You said we could practice?”
“I...I’d want you to kiss me again,” Cas murmured, the heat rising to his cheeks once more. “But I can’t...I can’t do that, if that’s all you’d want with me. I couldn’t be like the girls you pick up at bars. I think it would break me...to have you touch me that way and not desire anything more.”
“I think it’s okay, Cas,” he replies. “We can wait and talk to him when he gets back.”
A little shiver runs through him, and he grins. “God, I was hoping you’d say that.”
Dean nods in reluctant agreement, and then Cas is rearranging him again, having a far easier time moving him than he should until Dean is cradled against his chest again. Though he knows it’s childish, he doesn’t fight the movement, Cas’ warmth sinking into him and chasing out the chill that took up residence in his bones all those months ago. Cas begins rocking him gently, and he should be embarrassed, but he just can’t bring himself to care, because when’s the last time he was just
“Dean…” I whine. My protest doesn’t last long, though, because a particularly sharp bite over my pulse has me keening. He’s not lying, and he takes what feels like an eternity to create and examine the bite marks and bruises coloring my neck and chest. He thwarts another of my attempts to get friction where I need it, laughing softly. “Dean, please…”
“A little longer this time.”
"It's the best way to do this without me intruding on your private moment," he answers. "When you're ready, put your hands on the spot you want to mark. I've altered this to make it activate what's left of Cas' angel biology, if you will, and start the bonding process. Now, I can't promise it'll be comfortable. It tends to be intense even for many angels, so I don't know how it will be for you. It'll probably be a little easier for Cas since he wasn't human originally, but I don't know."
Dean gave her a weak smile. “Yeah. Me too.”
“And…now?”
have to learn my lesson…”
“Do you want it done fast or do you want it done well, Dean?” he asks irritated.
“Oh. Yeah. I have some news on the research front. So I’ve been looking for possible connections between angels and humans, and so far I’ve only found one even a little similar to this. The thing is, it has to do with Guardians.”
“What are you doing?”
Cas sighs, thinking that maybe he should thank Gabriel after all. Not that he’d known what he was doing, but still. “Well…after that was a little hard. I trusted you, I did, but there was still a little bit of doubt, especially when I couldn’t hear you.”
I raise an eyebrow at him. “What are you talking about?”
“Neither am I,” Cas murmurs, shaking the shock away finally. “Not anymore.”
Dean grins. "I know you haven't. You're such a good boy. Still, we'll have to get back to that. Benny told me he's planning another party, probably for next month."
“We’re working on some things,” I tell him. “But you don’t have to jump back in right away. You just got back together.”
“Look at you making friends,” he teases.
I laugh. “Thank you. It’s one of my many talents. Come on, let’s go make sure he doesn’t burn the bunker down.” He nods, getting up with barely any assistance. I follow a step behind him, noticing how much better he’s walking now that he’s not in pain.
“Just a precaution,” Dean laughs. “Let’s see how this goes before we decide if I should join you or not. Now, let’s see what we’ve got.” Cas stays still as Dean carefully unravels his bandages, gently peeling the gauze away to reveal the marks underneath. He winces slightly, but it isn’t half as bad as he thought it might be, and he holds onto Dean’s arm for support as he carefully steps into the tub. “Take it slow,” Dean murmurs as he hesitantly sinks down into the water. “It might take some getting used to.”
Sam hesitates. “It was,” he says finally. “In a way, I guess. But…” He glances to the door, sighing. “Okay, but you can’t tell him I told you this. He’ll kill me if he knows.”
He grins, almost predatory. “Sex has been around since the beginning of time, Dean. The fact that I’ve never participated does not mean I’m unaware. Besides, there’s quite a large amount of information online. I borrowed Sam’s computer.” I keep my hands clenched over my head when he releases them to slide lower, laughing at the thought of what Sam’s browser history might look like. He tugs at my waistband, waiting for my nod before slowly pulling my boxers down. He coaxes my knees apart, kneeling between them and kissing my hips softly before slowly running his tongue up my shaft. I moan, my knees bending and falling to the side to give him more room. “Okay?” he asks softly.
If you liked the chapter, feel free to drop me a line or leave me a review! I love hearing from all of you, it really makes my day :) You can also reach me on Twitter, @TheSongSmithSPN where I shout into the void, mostly about Destiel and politics. New chapters coming soon, I promise!
Sam glances at me, and I shrug. “Cas, we think maybe there’s a rogue angel out there working with the demons. We don’t know why, but the pieces fit.” All at once, Cas goes completely still, not even breathing as he stares straight ahead with wide eyes. “Cas?” I call softly. “Cas, can you hear me? Castiel!”
He chuckles. “Hey Dean?” he murmurs, slowly hoisting himself out of the chair. “Thank you. For everything.”
ago...I just didn’t believe you could ever want me...I didn’t think I could actually have you, and I...I’m so sorry...”
I have to take a minute to control my anger that the universe allowed this to happen to him. “You never told him,” I say when I can trust my voice again. “Why?”
I raise an eyebrow at him, confused for a moment before it dawns on me. “You mean…trying…”
Cas smiles, kissing the top of his head softly. “Thank you. I love you, Dean. And I will do whatever it takes to deserve the trust you’ve put in me.”
He nods. “Yes. But this way is more fun.”
John blinks for a moment, frowning in confusion, and I can feel his eyes on me. “I...so he’s one of those things too? Why can’t I see him, like I can see the other one?”
Please please let me know what you think! It helps me stay motivated, and there's some cool stuff coming up for this story. Thanks for reading!
I chuckle softly. “I’m thinking about it. Actually, I’m thinking about…how did you put it last time? Fucking you into the mattress until you remember why it’s important you stay alive.” Dean groans into the pillow. “I take it you’re not opposed?”
I nod. “I swear.”
“Thank you, Benny,” Cas murmurs, glancing over his shoulder.
I chuckle, nodding. “He seems to feel quite guilty about not arriving in time to spare you. I think he sees you as something of a kindred spirit.” He thinks that over for a moment, cuddling closer as I kiss his forehead. “Are you really okay?” I ask after a minute.
…” he moans as Dean’s finger passes over his prostate again.
“Cassie!” Gabriel greets cheerfully, probably hopped up on his usual oversweet morning coffee. “How’s things little brother?”
Dean considered it for a moment, chewing at his lip. He wasn’t quite sure where the urge came from, but he wanted to know what Cas was thinking about.
Sam chuckles, blushing slightly as he looks around the room, frowning slightly in confusion when his eyes land on Benny. “Who…”
“Whoa, hey, okay,” Sam murmured, frowning at the tight, panicky breaths his older brother was taking. “I’m sorry, alright? I shouldn’t have said it like that, I was just...Dean, you’re really starting to worry me. Can you take a deep breath and tell me what’s going on? Please? What do you mean, Cas was your happy ending?”
“Why?”
“It means I don’t know, Dean,” he replies sharply. “I just see these little flashes. None of them fit together or make any sense, but I get this feeling like…like something bad is going on but I can’t figure out what or when. I get so scared but I don’t know why.”
Dean glanced over at them, frowning slightly. “Who’s Benny?”
Dean grinned, hugging him closer. “I think it’s safe to say this is the best birthday I’ve ever had. All the people I love, all together, and no one trying to kill us? It was awesome.”
“No,” God agrees. “It’s not. But it is the truth. You see, what I had envisioned for this world is not what came to be. Your kind always was rebellious, right from the start. I did it to myself, you know. Free will was my own idea. And ever since that first time, I’ve been trying to get things back on course. I tried everything, but none of it worked. After all this time, even I can get discouraged, boys. I’m not as perfect as people seem to believe. So yes, I did leave. But it was not an abandonment of this world. I could never abandon humanity completely. After all, I loved you enough to create you. It was merely to figure out what I was missing. I knew there had to be something, the key to putting the universe back on track, back to the way it was supposed to be. I just had to find it. I was not deaf to your struggles. But I did not believe there was anything I could do to fix them, either. Something was wrong. The things of my creation, the humans, the angels…they were lost, and I could not understand how to make them found again.”
Dean smiles slightly, hugging him. “I love you. Thank you.”
Dean chuckles. “It’s not weird. That’s the point. It’s supposed to be a space where people can be themselves, and for a lot of people that involves some degree of vulnerability. No one would want to do that if they weren’t in an environment they felt was safe. That’s why there are people who make sure the rules are followed.”
“Tomorrow.”
I reply. But this time I know he feels it from the happiness that flares across the link.
Gabriel pauses before the grin creeps back into his voice. “So…you finally punched in your V-card? You got laid last night?” he asks, far too excited.
Suddenly, I find myself pressed up against something hard, and the small part of my brain analyzing the obstacle finds it so bizarre that for a moment it drowns out my panic. I look up, finding myself face-to…chest with Sam, who has his arms locked around me. “Sam?”
"I did for a while," he laughs. "But then I was too excited. Plus, I had an idea."
Dean makes a thoughtful sound, nodding slowly. “Well, it’s not for a couple of months. There’s some formalities I’ll teach you if you want to go. And if you think you want to try participating, we can talk about what it might be like. I’m okay with it, but it’s up to you. If it’s something you’d like to try, we can work on it a little beforehand so you’ll know what to expect.”
As it often did around Jody and Donna, Dean found the words spilling out of him, and as he recapped it all- Cas’ confession, the Empty, and the gaping hole in his life after the angel was taken- they listened with rapt attention and sympathetic eyes. “That had to be really hard,” the sheriff said when he paused. “To lose him after a confession like that.”
He looked back to the angel, who was uncapping one of the bottles, ignoring their comments. “This one says it tastes like strawberries,” he said, voice serious as he started to bring the bottle up to his mouth.
Dean frowns, turning uncertain eyes on him, but shifts a little closer. “So you know this isn’t going to go over easy, and you know how seriously messed up I am…why do you want to do this?”
“Looks like lash marks,” he answers. “A helluva lot of them. We gotta clean them out to get a better look at it, but…it’s not going to be pretty.” Dean sighs heavily, nodding. Cas whimpers again, and Benny frowns. “Hey now. You look at me.” Slowly, Cas turns, his eyes wide. “Now, I know you’re scared and in a lot of pain. I’m not gonna lie to you. It’s not going to be fun. But I’m gonna do my damnedest to be as gentle and quick as I can. All you gotta do is hang on to Dean here and keep breathing as best you can. And if you need a break, all you have to do is say the word. Deal?”
Cas smiles. “It’s not that. It’s just…if you were a prostitute it would be a lot easier to ask you to come back.”
“Because…I think I need to.” At Dean’s confusion, he sighs softly. “Do you remember what you told me about Benny, and the belt? I don’t…want to be afraid of this. I need you to do it. Does that…make sense?”
“I’d considered it,” Cas admitted. “And then I thought perhaps...perhaps it was just that you didn’t like me.”
Please remember to leave me a review if you liked it, I love hearing from you! I promise I'll try to remember the updating thing!
Dean nods, kissing him softly. “Alright then. We can try again tomorrow, and if it’s too much you just let me know and I’ll take you back upstairs. Let’s take it easy tonight. Hey, all the hotel bills are covered by your family, right?”
I nod, pulling him closer as the relief washes over me at the promise, and Cas laughs, hugging me tightly until my breaths slow. He gives me a reassuring smile as I pull back to prepare myself, folding my clothes carefully and placing them up on a shelf. When I turn back he’s settled back in a chair, watching calmly. I take another breath before walking over, slowly sinking to my knees in front of him and closing my eyes as I relax into the position. “You look calmer already,” he muses after a minute, running a hand lightly through my hair. “This really is what you need, isn’t it?”
Dean chuckles. “You did plenty. And that’s alright. I’m proud because you told me you have a hard time trusting people and letting them close enough to do anything. That looked a lot like trust to me.”
“You have families?” I interrupt. “That’s something I’d never considered.”
All at once, the anger drained out of him, and Dean slumped over the table, his head in his hands. “Right before the Empty took him, he...he told me he loved me,” he explained, his voice barely above a whisper. “Like, really
The angel frowns, a little crease forming between his eyebrows. “I…I don’t really know. I just remember being tortured, and then hearing Dean’s call and then…you opened the door. Everything else is kind of…fuzzy.” He pauses. “Is that a bad thing? Do you think they did something to me?”
“Well I like the kid, but…I’d rather you did it.”
Dean nods, letting me lead him toward out room. “Thanks Gabe...see you guys in the morning.”
”, and Cas groans softly. “God Dean, you’re perfect,” he murmurs, his hot breath ghosting over my skin. “Look at how obedient you are, how easily that pretty ass of yours takes me in…” I moan, finding myself pressing back onto his finger out of instinct until the sting of his hand on my ass makes me stop. “Be still,” he orders, though there’s a hint of amusement in his voice. “You know, for someone who was afraid of this not too long ago, you certainly are eager.”
“Are you sure you want that baby? I don’t want to hurt you…”
“Together,” Cas agreed, squeezing his hand as they walked up the front steps and into the house. Dean and Cas carried their bags upstairs, where Ben paused outside his bedroom, biting his lip. “It’s okay, sweetheart,” Cas said gently, wrapping an arm around him. “You don’t have to go in yet if you’re not ready.”
“Wait,” I cut in, “Cas are you telling us this is…God? I thought God left the building.”
I chuckle. “Yeah, but I don’t mind. Did you sleep well?”
Dean smiles slightly, nodding. “Let’s just hope it doesn’t go bad once he thinks about it.”
Dean nodded a little. “I know what that feels like…”
“Dean, I...”
He sighs, leaning in to kiss me again. “Really. Now, stand up and come sit with me.” He gets up, offering his hand and pulling me up from the floor before settling on the bed again. I sit down beside him, cautiously shifting closer. Cas chuckles, reaching out and tugging me into his lap. “That’s better. Now, do you think we can talk about what happened?”
I nod, attempting to move Dean to the seat beside me, but he refuses to budge from his spot in my arms. I sigh, hugging him closer. “Why don’t you drop us off home and then go to the store? I think taking them in with us will be more hassle than it’s worth.”
"But you haven't been doing it the past few months," the angel points out. "Besides, you've certainly earned a vacation if you want one."
“Alright then. Think you’re ready to go back to sleep?”
He nods. “I’ll check on you later then.”
“Good. You certainly seem much more relaxed than when we started,” he remarks.
If it is a trick, I’ll find out sooner or later. Might as well get it over with. Cautiously, I reach out, trying to steady my fingers before they come into contact with his hand. I recoil quickly, but he doesn’t disappear, only frowning in confusion. I swallow, gingerly touching his arm. “Dean?” he says again. “What is it?”
Hesitantly, he glanced up at Cas, who looked shocked. “You…love me?” he repeated slowly.
All at once, Dean lets out a breath, hugging him tightly. “I love you. You’re the best.”
Cas chuckles. “It’s alright, I understand. Was your relationship ever romantic?”
“You needed me,” Cas answers simply. “You were…not in the best shape when I found you.”
Gabriel shrugs. “Sure. I wish I’d gotten there sooner, before you’d…”
Gabriel smiles. “Actually, we were trying to figure out why he has so many holes in his memories...it’s not just things from your childhood that are missing, there’s pieces from much later that are missing too. And your dad came up with an idea.”
He sighs, nodding. “Speaking of, we should talk to them. They should probably be in on this whole plan...”
“I think ‘dungeon’ is a little dramatic,” Cas answers as he watches. “I’d say it’s more of a…playroom. I thought maybe we should have a place to put all this stuff. These rooms are soundproof, so you wouldn’t have to worry about who’s around. And I had Gabriel charm the door, so only we can get in.”
Dean frowned, feeling his face warm under their knowing gaze. “Spill what?”
“You know, Dean,” God muses, “a lot of people ask me questions like that. They ask why I’m not listening, how I could allow bad things to happen to good people. They’ve always asked such things, and I’ve never answered. It goes against my usual rules. But today I’m making a few exceptions, being that the nature of my business here is so important. Please, sit down.”
Cas paled slightly, swallowing hard. “Wow...I...I’m so sorry, Dean. I...can’t even imagine what you must’ve gone through, and for so long...but I promise you, you’ll be safe here. And you’ll never have to go through that again.”
The next morning, Dean insists on dragging his elephant to the table to eat breakfast. While he and Gabriel are occupied, Sam motions me into the next room. “How did everything go?” he asks quietly.
Please remember to review if you enjoyed!
“Actually, a little bit better,” Dean answers, rubbing at his eyes tiredly. “I miss anything?”
Dean nods slowly. “Yeah, I think so.”
He sputters a little at that, annoyed. They’ve been over this before. “Because Cas – the real Cas – he…he hates me. Because of what I did. The same as Sammy. I failed them both. That’s why he never came back,” he explains. “No one comes back.”
He slips out, and Cas digs into his food enthusiastically. “Guess you were hungry,” I chuckle. “Just take it easy. You don’t want to puke it back up again.” Cas makes a face at me. “Just warning you.” While he eats I reach for the antibiotic cream Sam left behind, moving to put it around his throat again, but he startles, flinching away. “Sorry, sorry,” I mutter, mentally kicking myself. “Forgot. I’m gonna put this on again, okay? It shouldn’t hurt as much as last time.” He gives a short nod, stilling while I carefully spread the cream. He sighs softly when I finish, closing his eyes for a minute. “Why didn’t you tell me it was hurting again? I could have given you some medicine.” He shakes his head hard. “Okay, okay, no medicine. Just eat your food.” He does so quickly, downing the glass of water before lying down again. “You want me to lay with you again?” He nods shyly, so I shift over beside him, and he presses close. He looks up after a minute, staring at me curiously. “What are you looking at me like that for?”
I growl again, and his mouth shuts so fast I can hear his teeth click, but his breathing is starting to slow. “But nothing. Who do you answer to, Dean?”
The voice is so soft that it takes a minute before he notices, gentle in the way it curls down his spine, which makes a sick, distant sort of longing kick up under his ribs. “Can’t,” he slurs to the room. “Promised Sammy…”
I chuckle. “Yes, Cas?” I ask innocently.
By the time he finishes he’s hyperventilating, and he sinks down to the floor, pulling his knees up. I slowly kneel down beside him, watching as he struggles. “Slow down, Dean,” I murmur as he gasps. “You’re right, I didn’t know all that. And I can’t even begin to imagine how you felt. I’d like to try to understand, if you’ll let me. But I do know how much pain is inside you, and I know growing up doesn’t make that pain go away. I’m not pushing your feelings aside, and we’re going to talk about this. Just try to take a deep breath.”
“You’re supposed to brace!” Gabriel hisses back.
Ben nodded off halfway through their drive, leaving Cas and Dean in the front seat, their hands tightly entwined. “I can’t believe we’re actually going home,” Dean murmured for the fourth time.
I nod, reaching back to lightly brush his knee. “Okay. I think I can do that. Thank you.”
I hear his soft chuckle as his fingers dip lower, slicker now as they move cautiously over me. I can’t help the gasp that escapes me, and he pauses. “Still okay?”
He sighs softly as I plant soft kisses along his neck, his fingers running lightly over my ribs, groaning when I grab his wrists and pin them over his head. “Cas…”
“Do you want to be let free?” he asks gently.
“We’re going to treat it with a special cream and wrap it up for now to let it heal overnight.” Cas cringes a little at the thought, and Benny chuckles softly. “It won’t be as bad as this, I swear. This is the worst part. Then we can clean the rest of you up and get you to bed. You’re almost there. Think you’re ready to finish up this part?”
He shakes his head, swallowing hard. “I’m broken, Dean. You deserve more than that. You deserve someone as perfect as you.”
Cas smiles fondly, lightly brushing Dean’s hair back. “I think I can handle it. Thank you, Benny. Really.”
He considers it for a moment, and I watch the tension leave him as he reaches out. I smile, walking closer and wrapping my arms around him when he leans forward, resting his forehead against my chest. “Yes, I understand. Sorry for freaking out.”
A rogue sob escapes him, but I can feel him relaxing into me. “N-No...no Sir...”
Cas smiles back at him, settling into a more comfortable position and leaning against his leg. The conversation picks up around him, and while he participates a few times, mostly he just observes. The smooth rhythm of Dean’s hand on him and whatever he’s drinking have him slowly relaxing against Dean’s chair.
Dean grows paler, if possible, and starts to shake harder. “No,” he says softly, terror quickly saturating his voice. “No, Sammy, please. You can’t. I can’t…”
Cas chuckled, landing a hard smack on one cheek, then the other, before picking up the purple toy. “You’re quite welcome. Let’s get you settled, then.” After a lot of teasing, the vibrator is in place, and Cas pulls the panties back up, giving Dean’s ass a little pat. He settles himself back against the headboard before tugging the human into his lap again, arranging him carefully so that his back is pressed to the angel’s chest, his knees spread and braced outside of Cas’. He takes Dean’s bound wrists, lifting his arms carefully over his head until they rest behind Cas’ neck, effectively trapping him. The hunter feels himself blush at the exposure, but knows better than to argue, choosing instead to relax as Cas fingers trail lightly over his skin. “Can you still move your feet?” he asks. Dean tests it out, wiggling slightly and bumping his heel against Cas’ shin. “Good,” the angel assesses, kissing his temple. “If you want out, and you can’t speak, I want you to kick me as hard as you can.” Dean twists his neck to frown up at him, and Cas snorts. “You won’t hurt me, I promise. I’m going to keep an eye on everything, and you’ll be totally safe, but it’s important that you still have a way to tap out if you want to. Do you understand?”
