He had read the bible in secret, the blood in his veins protected him.
Sam closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Yes," he said. Silence passed between the pair. Sam insecure opened his eyes again. Lucifer stared at him.
He found himself in the bar again, normally he would have working hours at this time. Castiel knew his father wasn't fond of his music taste that didn't stop him from listening to it. Being the son of a priest had its benefits, he was often trusted with the most difficult tasks because of it. He sat on one of the chairs where the bartender stood serving a few customers on the other side. Castiel looked into his empty glass, his blue clear eyes showing a slight frustration in them.
"That's noble," Castiel said quietly.
"He has been hunting 'monsters' before he died. Also, he was looking for a crossroad demon, it isn't how Sam is, you know? Not the brother I knew. I thought we shared everything, damn it!" Dean smacked his palm against the counter. His breath was heavy.
Sam, on the other hand, sat beside the drums.
"Really? After all this time? I am not here to fix you or anything. Helping out a fellow human being like any decent person would," Dean stood a few footsteps closer to him now.
"Hey, Cas, great to see you," Dean opened the door before he took off his shoes. Dean's hand ruffled his hair Castiel's crystal blue eyes followed the movement. The small smile spread on his face as he followed Dean further into the house. "You know, I wanted to ask you about something. Do you have any interest apart from music?" Dean rubbed his neck.
“Well, since you’re awake, I’ll take off. I gotta go log in and get ready to cause trouble.” She grinned.
“Almost, almost, I’ve got you Dean..”
Bobby nodded, then turned and walked himself back out of the apartment. Castiel stood and moved over to the couch then, with a moment of hesitation, he reached out and pulled Dean into his arms, comforting the larger man. Dean came easily, arms wrapping around him and holding on in a way that was out of character.
“Oh! Dean! Sorry if we woke you.” Castiel started to stand, but Sam beat him to it, stepping away from the table slightly.
“Great! Now that that’s settled, let’s get this party happening!” Charlie grinned and led the way out of the coffee shop.
“You want me to...”
“Uh-Sure. Thanks, man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed softly to himself as he flicked the coffee machine on, and took a few moments to listen to the soft gurgle it made as the pot slowly filled with fresh coffee. He turned and leaned back against the counter, letting himself relax, letting his mind wander – which was the exact moment his phone chose to ring.
Eventually Sam finished bandaging his hand and finger up. He’d splinted the finger so that Dean couldn’t move it, and wrapped the hand tight enough that Dean would have to try pretty hard to do anything with it. It seemed pretty stable, and Dean mumbled his thanks. Sam just sighed.
Castiel grumbled in frustration, clutching his pillow hard down against his head as he lay in his overly large and less than comfortable bed. Seconds later he huffed in annoyance and threw said pillow across the room, before glancing at the cheap clock on his side table noting it was past eight pm. It wasn’t exactly late by normal standards, but seeing as he had a two am start for work in the morning, it was close to getting past the point that he should be asleep.
“C’mon Cas, you’ll be fine. I won’t let you fall.”
Dean had spent the best part of the past half hour in Castiel’s arms, leaning against him as they sat in the booth and talked to their friends and family happily. Now though, he was standing in a space that Gabriel had cleared for dancing, leading Ellen as the song ‘Because you loved me’ played through the speakers.
“I believe we may have...” Castiel answered hesitantly, flicking blue eyes to Dean. “Dean, is Michael-“
He noticed Sam coming up beside him, and this time, he initiated the comforting embrace they had earlier, both facing the group, Dean’s head on his brother’s shoulder. Sam’s arm around his shoulders grounded him, giving him the calm he needed to wait this out.
“Hey Charles.” He grumbled.
“Fuckfuckfuck yes, harder, oh my god,” Dean was panting in between obscene noises.
“Hey Sis. Mom around?”
Now he realised that he’d made his state of mind way too obvious. Typical Dean, not thinking things through before he did them.
Missouri left another brownie beside the bed and told him to get some sleep with a soft pat on his arm and a smile, then she left the room. He heard muffled conversation at the doorway before he slipped back into sleep, exhausted but also calm.
“Good, we might need it. How’s tomorrow, around four?”
“You… what? Why?” Dean looked up with a frown.
“Well, I plan to support you and ensure you never need to be without me again.”
“Oh shit...” Dean breathed, his head dropping forward onto Cas’ shoulder as shocks travelled up his spine.
“CAS!”
“Cas-“ Dean started, then stopped.
“That’s it. Good boy. You’re so good for me, Dean.” Castiel soothed, and Dean could feel the man’s hands running over his back comfortingly.
“S-sure, man.” Dean winced when his voice stuttered, and cleared his throat. “But Cas, uh... There’s rules, dude.”
“I talk to people.” Castiel answered shortly, avoiding what he knew Gabe was getting at.
Heads up, there won't be an update this weekend. I need some time to regroup and get ahead so I don't miss my own deadline again, so I'm going to skip this weekend and prepare more time for a great update next weekend. We'll be back onto weekly updates before you know it!
“Castiel, this is ridiculous. You have known the rules for years, now stop procrastinating and let’s go.” Michael was showing signs of anger now and had made a grab for the will. Gabriel snagged it away before he could get it.
Ready for the day, he finally glanced up to check the time – only to see a man standing at the desk that was at the front and off to the side, glaring at the screen of a laptop as though it had personally offended him by its mere presence.
“Fuck me, Cas, please, need your cock in me now- ah!”
He stopped his thoughts, taking a few deep breaths to calm himself, which seemed to draw Sam’s attention.
Castiel seemed to be struggling with something himself, his eyes flitting over Dean’s face for several moments. Eventually, though, he moved back – and Dean let out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding. He wasn’t sure whether to feel relieved or disappointed at the space, but he didn’t have much time to ponder that as Castiel seemed to collect himself and started speaking again.
“I know, I know. It’s cool, Cas.” Dean laced their fingers together with both hands, not moving from his position as he straddled Cas’ hips. “Remember what Missouri said. Anything new or stressful could trigger a flashback.”
He would tell Cas it was just out of respect, reciprocating the actions Cas had performed on Dean. He would even tell himself that, even make an effort to believe it. But at some point, he would have to admit that it wasn’t that simple. He wanted Cas, wanted to see him fall apart like he so effectively did to Dean. He wanted to watch the angel surrender control, completely, just for him.
Castiel flushed, not quite sure of what to say to that. He stayed silent, ducking his head as he stepped aside for Dean to enter. He heard the laugh as Dean led himself to the kitchen, and he couldn’t help raising his eyes to the ceiling as he prayed for strength.
Castiel followed the instruction, pleasantly surprised at the stability the pose offered. Dean adjusted him slightly until he was happy with the position - yet even when he was ready, Cas didn’t let go of the hunter’s hands.
Castiel held a hand up, stalling any further conversation, and yet not opening his eyes either. Dean fidgeted – should he stay, or leave? He wasn’t sure what the best option was, so he simply waited, trying to figure it out. Eventually, though, once five minutes had passed, he couldn’t wait anymore. He slowly edged away from the man and toward the door, noting that Castiel didn’t move at all or seem to notice him trying to leave. He felt bad just slipping away silently, though, so he spoke quietly.
“I don’t have time for this ridiculousness.” Michael growled, still struggling against Benny. “Regardless of what that will says Castiel is still under my authority.”
The keys shook again, and Castiel frowned as he reached out a hand to retrieve them. He blinked in confusion at the keys in his hand, then glanced up again to meet shockingly green eyes that caught his breath. Time stood still for a moment as he appraised the man standing before him - slightly sandy brown hair that curled over his forehead, a smattering of freckles, and perfectly pouty lips that were currently drawn down in a frown. Castiel flicked his eyes back up to catch the man’s, which were slightly narrowed with annoyance.
“Dean?” The officer asked in a quiet, yet gruff voice.
“Jesus, Cas. Last time somebody looked at me like that, I got laid.”
He felt more confident knowing that Cas was in there, alive, but the lack of any movement was unsettling in the least. As they crept towards the door, he shot Charlie and Bobby a look to be careful. The two nodded, and he glanced back the way they had come - a moment later a hand shot above the shrubs, obviously Sam assuring him that they were there and ready.
“Good morning, Dean.”
“Oh. Uh, no. Just a coffee.” Dean answered, fidgeting with the printed menu on the table. “I’ll order when Jo comes over.”
“What’s that?”
“I mean… It was an accident, kinda. I should have backed off straight away, I knew he wanted to keep the relationship ‘professional’,” Dean literally used air quotes sarcastically, rolling his eyes at the thought. Their relationship was already crossing the line, maybe not physically, but still. “But I didn’t and I, we almost kissed. And now he’s different.”
Cas hit the ball, the triangle scattering with a loud crack. As he did, however, he shifted his weight to his left hip, closing the distance between them and causing him to brush against Dean’s crotch. One of the balls went into the corner pocket.
Nothing happened. And somehow, it did nothing to ease his fear.
He was beyond help, beyond saving. He used to be okay – sure, he was always emotionally repressed, but it worked for him. He used to be able to do any job, anything, and do it well. He used to be confident, popular, a general smart ass. The old Dean would take anything with a grain of salt, blow it off with a sarcastic comment and a bottle of whiskey.
“Hey, whatever you’re thinking, stop it.” Charlie told him firmly with a punch to the arm, dragging him back into the present. “No being down. Have another drink. In fact, you can get me one too, since you’re going to the fridge.”
“If you’re sure, then.” Sam agreed. “But if he starts snoring, I’m out.”
What was he going to say? He was here but, where should he even start with this?
Castiel stepped forward into waiting arms cautiously, embracing his brother. He couldn’t help softening, though, despite his trepidation at Gabriel’s reason for being here. In moments he was shaking with soft sobs, his arms tightening around the shorter man’s shoulders.
“Yes.” Castiel answered with a quick glance at Dean. He still hadn’t told the man about Uriel. “Um. I used to work with him.”
“Dean, look at me.” No response. “Please.”
It took the entirety of the first movie to answer all of Castiel’s questions to a point where he actually settled down and started enjoying the story. Between them, Dean and Sam took great care in building enough of a backstory for Cas and Jack to understand, without giving any of the future movies away.
Dean woke slowly to the soft light of the sun peeking through the curtains. He shifted slightly, reaching out – only to find a faintly warm section of mattress beside him. He frowned, reaching further, but there was no warm body to be found.
Dean parted his fingers over his eyes just in time to see a satisfied smirk flitting across his brother’s face.
Dean just shrugged slightly, dropping his eyes to the ground.
“Gabriel-“ He started in a warning tone.
“That’s the second time you’ve called me that in a week.”
“Back off, Uriel,” Bobby warned, raising his gun again. “This isn’t going to end well for you.”
“No.” Dean answered honestly. It was becoming easier to tell Castiel the truth, he noticed.
“Dean..” Castiel leaned forward, hugging the man tight. This time there were no tears, but an overwhelming tightness in his chest.
He let go of one entwined hand, moving it to tangle in the hair at the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him in deeper. His tongue flicked over Dean’s lip, and he heard his partner groan before he pulled back.
“What’s the plan?” Bobby asked when they were all out and geared up, standing between the cars.
He picked them up and his frown grew slightly, his confusion only increasing as he let the beads rest in the palm of his hand. He felt silly, but he had to admit he was curious – he ran a bead through his fingers, thumbing over the wooden sphere as he had seen Castiel do so many times. It was… kind of calming, in a weird way. It didn’t really make sense that feeling a wooden bead would calm him, but he did it again anyway, then again, counting as he went.
Castiel loved watching the way Dean’s eyes darkened, slipping half closed as he drew closer. His own orgasm was approaching fast like a tidal wave, waves of pleasure rolling through his body. He tried to fight it, refusing to come before his lover. He knew Dean was close and so, he balanced himself on one hand, wrapping fingers around Dean’s cock as his motions started becoming erratic. He barely got in a few rough tugs before the man went silent, eyes flying open as his body seized - then he let out a cry, a mixture of curses and Cas’ name, as his cock pulsed in Castiel’s hand and jets of hot come started to cover them both. Castiel was undone by the sight. He thrust in hard and stayed there, bottomed out inside Dean with a loud groan. He dove in to meet Dean’s lips in a filthy kiss as his cock shot his load into the condom, Dean’s hole clenching around him.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“No. I will send you some things to research. After that, you don’t need to answer right away. I would rather you take the weekend to think it over and come back to me on Monday. It’s a big thing to process.” Castiel told him lightly. “If you choose to accept, would it be okay if I was to give you something?”
“…Thanks, Cas.” Dean held the towel bundle against his chest as he coughed again, and was surprised to find it did help.
He hated hospitals, too. And the beeping was starting to annoy him. He knew it was his heart monitor, but that didn’t make it any less annoying. Finally, he swept his gaze down to his body, noticing a mess of red hair laying on the bed beside his arm. He smiled slightly, because of course Charlie would be here with him. He looked further down his body - his leg below the knee was in a cast, so apparently that was broken. His chest hurt like hell, though he didn't know why, but he imagined he would find out soon enough. Aside from that, though, he felt bruised and wounded, but no other serious pain.
They finally broke for air, and Castiel rested his forehead against Dean’s, trying to catch his breath. His head was spinning, but he had a feeling that had nothing to do with lack of air.
He swung the door open wider, gesturing to the apartment. Dean stepped inside with a smile, and Castiel led him over to the table, which sat between the couch and the kitchen area. He watched Dean expectantly, smiling as the man’s eyes widened in excitement at the spread laid out.
“Yeah. Yes, I understand.”
“Dad, please... He’s more than that, he’s-“
Bobby stood and, with a nod to Officer Harvelle, the two made their way out of the apartment. That left Sam and Dean alone, shifting awkwardly on the couch, neither really knowing what to say. Dean stared at his hands, feeling his mood drop impossibly low. Eventually, Sam sighed, breaking the silence.
was still afraid, and he shivered slightly in response to the thought. He didn’t like admitted fear of anything, but there it was.
“Oh, I’m certain he won’t be snoring.”
He was so involved in his thoughts that he didn’t hear someone approach from behind - all he knew was that a strong hand grabbed him from behind, something soft and smelly slipped over his mouth and nose, and then everything went black.
“Now take the shot.”
Once he was calmed down, Dean removed his hands. Castiel opened his eyes and gave him a soft smile of thanks, before turning to the apartment manager, who was patiently standing off to the side.
“Not yet, and your only potential brother-in-law.” Dean snipped, but he had a grin on his face as Gabriel threw an arm over his shoulders.
Damn. That right there was the guilt trip, the one Sam used so well, because he knew Dean couldn’t refuse it. Next he’d be pulling out the puppy eyes, and-nope, with a quick glance, Dean realised it was too late. Puppy eyes in full force.
“Always, my queen.” He gave her a mock bow, and in that instant, a friendship formed.
“Cas-“ Dean warned, but his protest was cut short as Cas tweaked one of his
Dean glanced down to indicate what he meant, then back up at Cas as the angel met his eyes again - and realised that mischievous glint was back. Cas leant forward again, and Dean’s breath hitched, until he realised it was just to speak quietly in his ear.
“Hm?”
“Oh. I suppose when you put it like that, it doesn’t seem so bad.”
Dean nodded slightly, understanding the end of conversation, and dropped his eyes back down to his desk. He pulled the notebook toward him and opened it, grabbing one of the new pens from the packet. Might as well fill in some time.
Dean was begging, pressing up to gain contact with every inch of Cas’ skin he could possibly manage.
Instead of choking, Cas took his whole length as it thrusted into his mouth his tongue pressed hard against the underside of Dean’s cock, drawing even more delicious moans from the hunter.
Michael simply sat there looking bewildered, not paying attention to the interactions of the others at the table. Dean took the chance to shoot him a look, flicking his eyes to the envelope before back to Cas’, his head nodding slightly. He understood the message, and let go of Dean’s hand so he could open the envelope and pull out the contents.
Much love to every one of you, and if you want to follow for updates, catch me on facebook! My profile is public, under Jas Ikeda. I post chapters and reccomendations too.
“Dean, don’t.”
“Come on, Cas. Four things you can hear.”
“Okay, so move this hand to make a spot to rest the cue on...”
“You’re killin me here, man.”
“No, dude, calm down.” Dean laughed softly, then stared at his beer bottle as he held it, tracing the rim with a finger. “He’s fine. He’s nice. Just… A bit different, I guess.”
“I don’t need a shrink.” Dean snapped, then immediately felt bad. “Look, I’ll be fine. Maybe I just have to, I dunno, up my meds or something. I’ll talk to the doc about it.”
“I’m sorry, man. I didn’t mean to let my shit take over what happened to you.”
“I’ll be alright, Dean.” He replied, leaning forward to press a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips. “Thank you for warning me.”
Dean sighed and shook his head, focusing on the plates he was currently drying and putting away. He supposed he couldn’t blame Sam for noticing something different. Even he could notice that he was behaving differently, so it stood to reason that Sam was concerned.
“Hush.” Cas dipped his head again, dropping a light kiss at the base of his cock.
“Gabriel!”
“It happens.” Dean went quiet again, this time for longer. When he spoke again, there was an odd tone in his voice. “Anxiety?”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Castiel could feel himself trembling as they slowly came down from their orgasm. He released his grip from the man’s hip, rubbing softly over the shallow wounds with his thumb. His other hand released their cocks and he wiped it on his pants, noting Dean did the same, before he snaked his arm around Dean and held him against his body securely. The anger had abated, and a deep exhaustion was beginning to set in. He hummed contentedly, feeling like he could fall asleep right this second. Dean’s head was still resting on his shoulder, the man’s breathing returning to normal slowly.
“You’re a damn coward. Tell him yourself, I won’t be the bearer of bad news.” Sam hissed.
“Yes, most of the time. As I said I know he can be difficult, but he comes round pretty quickly.” Castiel answered, offering the muffins. “Has he not always been that way?”
“Your drink, my Queen.”
It was nice, Dean found himself thinking, this closeness with his best friend. It was something that he didn’t even realise he’d been missing, for so very long. That feeling of security, contentment, maybe something... more.
“Thank you, Dean. That was very kind of you, but you should have woken me. I could have helped.” Castiel answered as he took the plate and cup that Dean offered.
“Right. Let’s go. Quietly.” Bobby nodded at him, and Dean took the lead again.
He immediately latched his attention onto exposed nipples, twisting and pinching with just the right amount of pressure that had the man whininginto the skin of his neck, bucking his hips forward to grind his erection against Castiel’s. The feeling sent heat curling through his abdomen, and his hands shot back to the man’s hips. He pulled hard, refusing to let the man pull back as he rolled their hips together.
Sunday he was back to his normal self, although Sam was still careful around him. He didn’t mention it – of course his brother would be careful, he was weak and fragile, and who knew when he’d have another episode? So he ignored it, just trying to act as normal as possible while he grilled burgers for their dinner. The evening had been enjoyable – just him and Sam, eating burgers and drinking beer while Sam told him the funny stories from his new position as Team Leader at Alderton’s.
“Cas... please..” He whispered, trying to lean forward to catch the angel’s lips with his own.
“Alright princess, have your moment later. Let’s get him out, fast.” Bobby growled as he stepped up behind the chair.
“Ah. Something different, hm?” Jo asked, then laughed as he blushed. “Go sit your ass down. I’ll be out in five.”
He focused on the beads he held, running them through his fingers, feeling the solid wood between his index finger and thumb as he counted along the endless circle. He counted out ten beads, then started again at one, and repeated the process over and over, losing any sense of time. It was calming, and it seemed to help keep him there, in the moment. Surprisingly, the pressure in his chest lightened, and he didn’t have to fight so hard to keep the tears at bay.
Dean glanced over at Sam, who looked up from his own weapon after a few moments. He could see the look of gratitude that he felt himself. Bobby had stepped in for their Dad, as he’d been doing so long before they’d been seperated. Without thinking, Dean threw one arm around Bobby, noticing Sam doing the exact same on his other side.
Once again the way of dealing with that panic attack was from my own experiences.
“I would certainly like the opportunity. You need to understand that it will not be easy, and you will need to follow instructions without argument. Could you do that? Are you comfortable with relinquishing control?”
Castiel surged forward, meeting Dean’s lips once again as he ground their hips together. The thrusts weren’t as long but the way his balls and cock rubbed against Dean’s belly sent heat curling in his abdomen, hurtling faster toward the edge than he would have liked.
Charlie was wearing a similar outfit, though it was dark blue to match his tie, and her vest had to be tailored to fit her bulging abdomen. It was now that Cas smiled and put his hand on her belly, feeling for the life inside. Charlie gave him a soft look, holding still as the babe inside reacted to his touch and kicked.
Dean took the little box with a slight smile. Thankfully, it was one of those boxes that the entire lid lifted, so he had no trouble opening it with one hand. When he opened the box, he sucked in a sharp breath of surprise, and felt his eyes sting slightly. Carefully, he placed the box on the table, and with his good right hand he pulled out a string of beads exactly like the ones Castiel wore.
Then reality slapped him in the face with a moment of clarity.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“I know.” Castiel answered in a small voice, glancing back up at Dean. “I was hoping you would let me make it up to you. I would like to make you lunch. If.. if you haven’t eaten yet. It isn’t much, but it’s food and I am a decent cook, and-“
There was a slight pause in conversation then. Dean could imagine Castiel tilting his head slightly, raising that eyebrow like he’d seen the man do in the past week often enough.
Despite that, he’d spent so much effort distancing himself from the angel that even Sam had noticed, and taken it upon himself to have a heated discussion with his brother.
“Is this better?” Castiel’s breath tickled across his ear.
“Actually, we already have. And by the way?” Charlie had come to the table too, and she placed her laptop down in front of Michael. “If you don’t sign? I’ll release all of this.”
Finally, after half an hour of shenanigans, they were dressed for work. Castiel carried the toolbox out of the apartment, shrieking as Dean snapped the towel at him again. Both dissolved into fits of laughter as Castiel locked the door.
“Mm..” Castiel hummed around the cock in his mouth.
Dean had long since let go of Cas’ hair, and as he felt the waves of pleasure growing stronger, he scrabbled for something to hold onto. Unexpectedly, Castiel’s hand was gripping onto his, and he held on for dear life.
“I’d like you to go home and have dinner. After dinner, make sure you have a hot shower and go to bed at a decent time. I would like you to let me know once you have done that, then get a good night's sleep. Is that okay?”
“You did great work today, Dean.” Castiel started, and Dean huffed as usual, but this time Castiel held up a hand to stop him. “No, you did. I know you were worried about the quiz. What I don’t know is why – you got full marks; every question was answered correctly and beautifully written.”
When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was smiling gently, once again sitting in a proper seat facing him. The class was empty already, as everyone had left for the day. Castiel reached out and gently rested a hand on his arm, providing the touch that Dean needed.
For now, though, he focused on getting ready. He had already gotten out of bed while he was texting with Cas, so he headed for the bathroom. He yelled out to Sam about going out for breakfast, then closed the bathroom door and started his shower.
“Yes, your majesty.” Sam teased, laughing as he made his way out of the room.
Missouri held the door open for Dean as he shuffled through it and made his way over to the comfortable couch she had in her room. He reached out for one of the throw pillows she kept there and held it tight to his chest, relaxing into the comforting feeling. He looked up at her and nodded slightly, agreeing with her opening statement.
He trailed off, running two hands over his face as he leant back against the table. He had no idea what to say. Yeah, he knew he’d been acting like an asshole. He hadn’t spoken two words to Castiel since they’d gotten back from the bar that night. He’d almost always made sure never to stay in the same room with him.
He turned to face the others, holding Castiel in his arms bridal-style. The man’s head rested limply against his chest, one arm hanging down. His other arm curled over his chest, which was a good position to keep the shirt over his wound.
“Dean, dean... I’m so close, already...” Cas panted as he dropped his head, mouthing at that sensitive spot on Dean’s neck.
“Dean.” Castiel put his fork down and stared at him levelly. “You’ve been off all afternoon. If you just tell me what’s wrong-“
He grinned as Dean flushed a dark shade of red and flipped him off across the table.
Dean nodded slightly, and the conversation continued. Castiel explained that many things he asked of Dean may be difficult, as he was having to re-learn how to view himself. He would also have to try not to argue when complimented, and eventually to believe the compliments. Eventually they both sat back, and Dean was surprised to feel exhausted. He told Castiel as much.
That was Sam. His voice was rising in both volume and anger. Why was Sam angry? Dean tried to say something, anything, to let them know he was there, awake.
“Oh, we’ve got a fair idea.” Jo had sidled up beside benny, and she brushed her coat aside to reveal the hilt of her weapon. She shot him the sweetest, fakest smile she could muster. “And we’ve dealt with worse. Now we’re gonna have a nice little chat, okay?”
“Dude, you should have seen your face.” Sam finally laughed. “Seriously though, warn me next time.”
“Just your friendly neighbourhood fix-it service!” A sing song voice called back.
This was not happening. He couldn’t refuse - what reason could he possibly give? But the idea of teaching Castiel to skate, where undoubtedly there would be a lot of physical touch required, was daunting.
“So listen… I noticed that you seem to be doing better, and it seems to be tied in with when you started this training.” Sam started carefully. “Just wondering, and I swear I’m not teasing but... Does it have to do with anyone in particular?”
“More rules?”
“Nothing you could have done, Sammy.” He said gently.
He groaned again as he shifted in the seat - his wrists were raw from pulling against his bonds, and he could feel wetness of what he could only assume was blood. His shirt was sticking to him, blood crusted around the point where Uriel had driven a long, thin knife straight through his shoulder and into the wood of the chair, to hold him there.
Dean glared at the woman as he finally paused for breath, daring her to argue with him. And of course, she was just the kind of stuck up, can’t-see-past-the-end-of-her-nose kind of person that immediately adopted a haughty expression and tried to argue.
Sam seemed to be waiting for Dean’s response. He nodded slightly, and Sam sighed and took a step to the side so that Castiel could enter.
Dean sighed and leant back against the wall, trying to appear calm. His heart was racing, however - he knew that they were closer than they had yet been to finding Castiel. It was only a matter of time now, time they didn’t have.
Sam rushed to open the door and he looked at Dean. He studied up and down for a moment before he opened the door."Are you drunk?" Sam asked, surprised.
"What's your type Cas?" Dean asked as he looked around the bar before he pointed out a woman with green eyes and dark blonde hair with curves. "She is your type, right?"
Sam closed his eyes and imagined where he wanted to go. Zap. He was out.
He tugged his trench coat closer to his chest covering the two-piece suit he used for work. Castiel walked over to the bar and knocked. Nobody opened so he decided to take matters into his own hands and pushed open the door. He heard the music clearly now.
"Sam!"
He held a weird looking sword in his right hand, already dripping blood from its victims down to the floor. Sam's face was different from before, his eyes black and more confident than when Castiel last saw the brother alive. "Sam?"
At that moment Dean noticed Camilla.
Once Castiel opened his eyes, the power surged through his bones. He gasped. Castiel blinked before he rose from the bed. Anna stood staring at him, her clear blue eyes unblinking. "Hello Castiel," she said before she bowed her head to him.
"Why?" Anna was quick to ask. Her blue eyes widened in surprise, her hand twitched to her angel blade. Castiel's eyes followed her movement but showed no signs of fear. He could kill her in an instant if he wanted to after all.
"Okay Wilma, I can take care of myself," Dean shrugged and munched on a big piece of pancake. A smile spread on his face as he moaned in pleasure. Sam smiled nervously.
He used stealth to keep up and listened interested in their conversation. Castiel began while Anna leaned her head to hear Castiel's words clearer. "Dean is alive," Castiel started.
Sam sighed and closed his laptop. Luckily for him, Dean was off practicing the guitar with Bobby so he could do his plan in silence. Sam knew he was not likely to live much longer anyway unless he did something now. His body hadn't yet shown signs of cancer but it was only a matter of time. Lately, he had experienced headaches that stung behind his eyelids. Then Sam continued as normal until a few weeks later he experienced it almost daily. Other times, he couldn't hear what his big brother said.
"I am Micheal and you are Dean, am I right?" Micheal replied.
They finally landed outside a town. The big thick wooden trees covered them from view before Dean opened his mouth to ask a question, Raphael threw a small silvered sword in his direction. His body reacted first by catching it.
. Flashes of lights passed from the exterior. Dean tapped his finger to an unheard song, he refused to write any lyrics since his little brother's death. He couldn't.
Dean was taken aback for a second, he opened and closed his mouth a few times. "You did," he said. The irritation became to be unbearable. The guy was a liar, what did the archangel think he did? Nothing other than being an ass. Dean bit his underlip. "Tell me you son of a bitch," he snapped.
"They are a decoy, you know when Crowley tries to hunt me." Sam patted his back before they left the place.
"Like what?" She abrupted him.
As always, the producer used him to get Dean to work on schedule, nothing new there. Camilla wanted them to jam together. Sam tasted down his answers and sent them before he changed his mind. It was then he heard loud knocking on the front door.
But a thousand questions in his mind didn't stop. The wires in his brain died slowly one by one. Castiel was, in the end unmovable. His life force, disappearing before his very eyes.
He had on a green flannel shirt with black jeans. On his right side, he recognized the guitar he had seen a week earlier. Dean's brown hair was ruffled from the wind outside, he had a big grin on his face. His grin became wider when he noticed Castiel staring at him.
Dean nodded towards the drummer signalizing him to start. He closed his eyes and let himself find peace in the music. He instinctively knew when he should start singing. Once the guitar riff started he let his words carry his inner emotions. "Let's go down screamin', where all the whores hold our hearts."
"I won't watch girl shows, last time we saw
"There are people who believe you have a connection to the killer—" another man yelled to get his attention. Anger pulsed under the surface and he grits his teeth together. White flashes managed to blind him every way he turned.
He used pure strength from the Mark to summon the Blade. Out of the corner of his eye, Bobby killed Crowley by chopping his head off. Dean stabbed Lucifer to death. Blood covered half of his face already.
That got her interest. "Deal."
"No!" Dean's voice echoed through the parking lot. Castiel rushed to Dean's side but he was too late...
Dean's mouth opened, his hand tightened around his weapon when Castiel crowded his place. Castiel's sudden move made Dean do the only thing he knew; Dean stabbed him with the blade. Castiel's eyes twinkled with amusement before Castiel's hand literally dragged the blade out of his chest before letting it fell to the ground with a sickening
fell to the gray pavement.
His heart tightened in him. Dean's eyes flickered everywhere but the man in front of him. He felt suddenly exposed to the world. He took a deep breath, his feet staggered a few steps backward.
. He began on his drive home, a smile spread on his face. Castiel turned on the radio when Dean's song
Dean tapped his finger to the music, pretending the battle inside of him was non-existent. He could do that. But Cas's lips lingered on his thoughts.
"Hey, it could have gone worse," Dean joked to lighten up the situation. He glanced around in the room. "I think you should get to Broadway and wait until the crazy press is done doing its thing. You always wanted to be a pianist for famous musicians," he said. His chest felt tight. "I can pay the flight and the rest. From there you are on your own. You can call me when you need more help."
The woods stretched as far his hazel eyes could see. Light shone up his way as the twigs broke underneath his black leathered boots. Air electrified all around him. Sam got a chill down his back. His focus concrete as stone. Bobby advanced a few kilometers to his left with monsters he and Cas recruited months prior. Cas was further ahead than Bobby while Dean walked to his right, somewhere he wasn't able to see him.
. Castiel let his hold became weaker and stared back into Dean's eyes. The darkness around him made Castiel bolt back to reality.
He parked his 78' Lincoln Continental Mark V in the small parking lot. The sun glowed dimly against his window. Castiel sighed. Being a sales provider had its hard days and this was one of them. Bobby hadn't opened the bar yet but he heard noises from there. It wouldn't harm him to check it out.
Castiel shook his head. "Not since this was set up. He said he needed to get something, he didn't tell me what, unfortunately. I am sorry I can't do much help," he said, he turned to look at his hands. White, clear palms and slightly wounded by the fingers of holding the strings of a guitar.
Castiel stopped and the two others followed suit. His eyes went back to Anna and Haziel a few times before he started to talk. His heart ached into taking care of them both however, Destiny had other plans for him. "I don't want to lead anymore."
"I believe it went as planned?" Anna asked they began to walk down a road they flew to when Haziel arrived with them. Haziel nodded to them both as he started talking in a smooth voice.
came on and sang with. He had no care in the world during those moments.
It wasn't right.
In his best efforts, he cleaned up the wounds of his last of his abilities. Castiel looked up at himself in the mirror. His mouth was slightly ripped at the edges, parts of his face were halfway filled with dirt. Also, his trench coat was known messy and turned to the filth of messiness. Castiel changed into a pair of blue jeans and a grey sweater. To finish his outfit he put on thick black socks.
and Castiel ended up falling asleep on Dean. Castiel making eggs and bacon half-naked (Dean won a bet and made him do it) only wearing a small pink dress. Apparently, Dean liked it and they made out on the counter afterward.
Sam raised an eyebrow. His hand touched his skin where the tissue still was visible. The pain seemed glued into his veins and he fought to stay awake. Or else a lower demon would heal him to start torturing him. Again. He bit his lip. This was a weird day. Something out of routine, he knew.
Dean frowned more, rolling to his side and propping his head up on his hand as he stared at the dark haired beauty.
Sam and Charlie nodded and stood up to take their leave, before Dean remembered something.
“I’m so sorry, Dean.” Cas frowned, rubbing a hand over his face. “I- It hasn’t been that bad in a long time.”
“Please.. Dean...”
The next day seemed to pass incredibly slow for Dean. He barely made it on time, so he had no chance to talk before the class began. Through the day he kept stealing furtive glances at Castiel, trying to figure out what his response to Dean’s answer was, but the man didn’t give anything away. He carried on his day as usual, directing the class to read specific texts, or complete quizzes.
Castiel frowned, slightly confused, but did as he was told. Dean directed him until he was sitting right on the edge of the bed, completely naked. He was still confused as Dean stood in front of him, dropping his own pants to reveal his own erection. Then Dean dropped to his knees in front of him, and his eyes widened slightly.
“Nothin’.” Dean frowned as he picked at the king prawn omelette he had ordered.
“Our place. I like the sound of that.”
Castiel froze for a moment, his hand still on the sleeve that was now pushed up Dean’s forearm to his elbow. Dean looked away, not wanting to see the reaction, tears pricking at his eyes again. Damnit, he was so stupid. He’d forgotten that Sam had pinned the bandage down at his wrist, and then he’d pulled his sleeve over the bandage. So of course, to find the end, Castiel was going to have to lift the sleeve.
Dean glanced up with a slight frown at the noise. Castiel looked thoughtful, and he too was watching the beads as he ran them through his fingers. Dean stayed quiet, waiting, as the professor seemed to be collecting his thoughts as he thumbed each individual bead, moving on to the next.
The people around him mumbled their agreement, and Castiel nodded slightly as he glanced around the room, meeting people’s eyes. Dean stared down at the desk in front of him, trying to control his breathing, trying to ignore the sting. He bit down on the inside of his cheek, hard – enough to cause pain to distract him, to bring back control.
A hand touching his shoulder made him jump and yelp in shock. He spun his head around, his shock instantly changed to anger – only to see his supervisor staring at him with an eyebrow raised and a concerned expression on her face as she sat in the chair beside him. He hadn’t even noticed her approach.
Hey, guys. Sorry this chapter took awhile, bit of a block but I hope you like it. I didn't quite meet my own expectations but what the hell, right? I'll make it up to you, swear.
“I…” Dean was at a loss, not sure what to say to that. Castiel was quiet on the other end, and Dean knew it was because he was patiently waiting for Dean to figure out his thoughts. Eventually, he spoke again. “Cas, man, I don’t know if I can do that. It’s… It’s all I think about. Everything I’ve done wrong, everything I could do wrong…”
The next time Dean woke up, it was to a doctor poking and prodding him. Dean grumbled and tried to move away, but the doctor was persistent, it seemed. Dean finally cracked an eye open to stare blurrily at the doctor who was currently checking out his bare chest.
“Dean. You have been working non stop for over a week, between there and here. Let me help you now.”
“Isn’t that like… Uh, you know.” Dean glanced at Castiel, waiting for him to pick up on what Dean wasn’t saying. But of course, he didn’t, so Dean had to elaborate, flushing faintly. “That… BDSM stuff.”
That husky, dominating voice sent fire through his veins like he had never known before, yet he instinctually stilled any movement. Without even thinking about it, he had just handed over irrefutable evidence that he wanted this desperately. Cas clearly understood that, judging by a low chuckle in his ear.
“Does that mean you love me too?” Dean asked with a soft laugh once they finally broke for air.
He dropped his eyes, unable to cope with the heavy gaze any longer.
“Tell me.” Cas breathed, moving in to press kisses down his neck, over the purplish bruise he had left earlier. “Tell me what you need, Dean.”
“This okay?” Dean asked quietly, his hands gently tracing up Castiel’s thighs.
“Well...” Dean chewed his lip, and Castiel knew he’d already won. “I guess, there’s a bit of drilling to do. So I can put the furniture together. And some sanding, you can handle a sander right?”
Dean sighed and wet his lips, adjusting his grip on the gun Bobby had given him. Nervousness settled in the pit of his stomach as he held the weapon steady, trained on the door that was still being hammered on ten minutes after it started. Sam stood beside him, mirroring Dean’s stance with his own weapon. The rest of the group were carrying on casually in the lounge room, ignoring the commotion.
“Talk?!” Dean swung around, tears stinging his eyes as a deep anger reared up to replace that pain in his chest. “What exactly do you want to ‘talk’ about, Cas?! How you left me when I needed you most?! How you lied to me when you told me I wasn’t alone?! How you ignored every one of my calls and texts begging you to just tell me why, tell me what I did wrong?! Come on, Cas, tell me, cause I’m drawing a blank here. What exactly do you want to ‘talk’ about?”
"Thank you," Dean mumbled barely audible for his ears before he withdrew. "It doesn't change the fact that Sam is acting weird. A man takes what he needs, you know?" He patted Castiel's shoulder again. "I would do anything for him, I know is ..." Dean trailed off.
His green eyes that the summer never ended on looked at him. Dean stood a few meters away, his eyes bore into his own. The air felt choking in his lungs.
Sam thought to himself.
His eyes were hearing the sea hit the shore. The deeper Dean attempted to find out the depth in them, the more an ache in his chest constricted by a hurt. Dean's hand found his chest, where his heart suddenly beat faster than usual. His brows furrowed. Then Dean heard the footsteps falter than stop.
He researched until the light of dawn appeared outside his window.
"I can't believe..." Sam began to surprise. "And you are not helping me if I am not promising you to not be with my brother?" Balthazar nodded, his face now serious. A shot of pain hit him in realization, Sam knew the trick to avoid the promise but the truth of it still stung. He pressed his lips tightly together while Sam crossed his fingers behind his back as he said his next words; "I swear not to try to contact my brother after I am dead."
Sam shook his head. "Not for now," he said. His answer was quick on his lips. Once again, Castiel got the feeling Sam held secrets from him. But he missed Dean already. When he caught a glimpse of him, he was grateful to the world he wasn't gone.
For some time, they enjoyed watching tv and analyzing the game. Dean managed to have his popcorn neatly until his brother decided they should eat as quickly they could. It reminded him of the times before the house burned down and everything changed. Sam was barely old enough to start school and he pranked his brother at every opportunity.
"I do have a choice," Sam said breathlessly. "I chose to think about it." His mother rolled in her grave by now. His mom fond of angels would never let him talk to them like that. Then, he bet she was in heaven while he was stuck down here.
"Daemon, esto subjecto voluntati meae." When he finished his last words Sam felt a change in the air. It cracked in his skull. However, no sounds reached his head. Unintentionally he flinched. Eyes bored into his back. A chill went down his spine. Sam never expected it to actually work. Swiftly on his feet, he faced the demon.
Sam preferred a clean job compared to a dirty one. He decided after two-three hours to cut the head from the body with the knife. Sam gestured to some lesser ranking demons to take care of the healing before the second torture session could begin. His favorite; to watch them burn without showing any signs of help. Sometimes, he made poisons to make the victim mentally live through all their failures in life.
Castiel's eyes narrowed to deep blue color before his hands slammed him against the wall. Dean closed his eyes. Somewhere along with their talk, Dean forgot what his mission was. Although, Castiel's breath made his heart pulse. His palms started sweating, while Dean's body seemed to want to give out under him. "No, Dean. I..." Castiel stopped in his sentence, his body rigid as close like he was to himself. "Love you."
Soft as feathers—
Dean's body relaxed, a soft breath went out of his parted lips. Dean opened his green eyes, his eyes were completely neutral. He laid on what he now saw as an alabaster table, Dean waited.
Castiel frowned.
The article picked his interest. A few tornado warnings had been happening where he had killed demons not so long ago. Sam noted down the states and searched for more details.
"A man?" Anna exchanged a glance with Haziel.
"Cas—"
"Really?" Sam said disbelieving, his eyes became black again. The church was silent, the last screaming people left. However, death surrounded them both but Castiel didn't mind. He got bigger fish to catch.
Lucifer patted his arm. "Converting a human to a permanent Knight under Hell is a rather...difficult issue. I don't expect you to understand, it's a chance few get to experience and came out alive with," Lucifer pointed where his heart was. "Most die but I think you are special."
"I know."
"There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold. And she's buying a stairway to heaven. When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed. With a word she can get what she came for.
"Because I want to return to my lover, Dean Winchester. He might not believe in me now but he will. I have faith in him. Doing this?" Castiel gestured at her with her hand. His face twisted into pain. His jaw clenched. "Is not me and never will be. I already know Haziel is hiding something from us both, however, I think he has good reasons for it. And this war? I don't want to be in it."
"Not hard enough." The big doors to the church opened again, by now Castiel recognized Dean's movements.
He nodded to the pianist. Dean let his mind free of worries and started to sing from his heart. Like he always did. "All alone, in this big world. Made of steel and harsh words. I got no idea, where I am going," he sang in a soft tune into the microphone. The pain slipped into his voice. He fought not to cry. It went quiet for a moment before Dean continued.
He knew he was lucky; Dean wasn't known for sharing his personal mobile number. Castiel thanked God that he hadn't managed to blow his cover.
"We should break up, this isn't working anymore," Dean took his hand around her shoulder and hugged her. The familiar smell of rose shampoo filled his nostrils. She turned her eyes up at him. Dean touched her strands of hair and slowly pushed her back with his hands on her shoulders. His eyes met hers. "I have a plan when it comes to press, it will also give you time to get away from her. I will take the shot this time."
Sam kept checking behind his back, the monsters were loud to his supernatural senses. The angels were arriving at this point just the way Sam planned it. Once Sam was out of sight from Cas and the enemies. He lifted his gaze to see what happened.
"This is an inappropriate topic to talk about, Dean," Castiel's eyes locked with Dean's, begging him to get it.
"Balthazar," the man said to Balthazar.
From there they started discussing the difference in tactics, Dean
Dean's eyes flickered to the ground. His eyes watered with unshed tears but he bit his mouth together and kept his emotions under control. The guilt and self-loathing hit him like a load of bricks replacing his heart. As if someone burned him up alive with it. Dean flinched when Cas's hand touched his cheek. With fear at the pit of his stomach, Dean lifted his gaze at Cas. Silence laid down all around them before Cas deciding to break it.
"How long have you done this hunting, again?" Balthazar asked while they drove back in Dean's car. Of course, Sam hadn't let him sit in the shotgun seat, that was reserved for Dean alone. Dean would skin him alive if he let anyone else sit there. He laughed softly to himself at the thought before he cleared his throat to answer the bodyguard.
"Because you got my blood, you are fit to become a knight of hell. How does that sound?" Lucier yanked his hair so Sam was forced to stare into the former archangels' gray eyes that had sparkles of yellow in them.
Dean slowly moved his head so he stared into Father's eyes. It took two seconds for him to compute what Father had said yet his brain didn't let him show any signs of understanding. He shook his head and started to open his mouth. "Sure, what is it?"
There were white symbols all over the walls, on the ground a huge trap was as well. On one side were booked in bookshelves. Some old others were new. The pages were mostly yellow from age, the titles in many different mythologies and lore. Another had packages. A fan swirled lazily around in the ceiling. Some chairs stood to the walls, and Dean's eyes finally set on the bed with white sheets on it. The leathered straps made his head go dizzy.
Dean rolled his eyes then he slipped on his jacket, the weight of it made him feel safe.
Lucifer smiled, his features unreadable apart from that. From three minutes he heard the sound of metal towards metal. Then the ripped skin being ripped apart and blood dripped to the surface. Sam's eyes became big as plates in surprise.
"Dean?" Bobby said surprised. His baseball hat is always on the right side.
. Maybe an action movie?" Sam suggested. Dean began to put the ingredients as he lifted an eyebrow towards him.
"To start something maybe? You tell me. You are the detective," Balthazar's voice laced with sarcasm. He crossed his arms over his chest, his eyes met Sam's directly. Sam opened his mouth to answer but thought better of it. "Like I knew you would, you studied," Balthazar nodded to him.
"He is waking up," a male voice remarked. For some reason, his body refused to let him open his eyes to see who was talking. It continued as if Dean's struggling was nothing. "I am warning you, Father. You got still an opportunity to stop the war now before innocents die. Listen to me and let Dean became what he always was supposed to be, an Archangel under you."
Dean shrugged. "How do you use the wings?" Dean frowned before he composure himself like his brother.
"Right."
"Dean—"
Sam stopped moving on the road. He frowned in confusion for a short moment. How in the hell did Crowley get his phone number? That asshole. Sam glanced around for any nearby demons and found none. "Yes?" In his mind already calculating his next move.
Sam stood by her side, a small nod in his direction. He exchanged a frightened glance towards his little brother. Sam frowned for a moment. Dean shrugged. He pulled Camilla into a sideway's hug and kissed the top of her head. Cas glared holes in his brain.
. He frowned towards his computer and checked up the dates again. He knew demons existed yet he never saw anything like this.
It stung in his heart. Castiel knew he would never be able to move on from this loss. Nor did he plan to. Castiel would wait however long it took to join Dean in heaven when he died. Castiel's hands clenched tighter around the guitar as a lifeline for a drowning man.
Dean's hand touched the cold surface of his sword. The shape was familiar to his thumbs. His green eyes laid on the white church. It's building stood proudly. The emerald leaves rustled in the winds that circled him. Dean's eyes narrowed when he saw a man with hazel eyes entering the building just three minutes after his enemy Castiel arrived in the same spot.
Dean patted his hand on the jacket, the smell of car, oil, mud, different food. One that stood out to him, was the faint odor of steel. His green eyes looked unsure back at him and he swallowed unsure before he zapped out.
A figure in a black suit and clean white shirt underneath appeared in front of where he had collided. The storm was gone. Yet his heart didn't stop beating rapidly inside his chest. Castiel's palms shook. The lights blasted around him again. Then between the lights, he saw someone with red hair. It smelled of burnt earth before he could understand the situation one of the person's hand hit a white flash directly towards him.
Some day, they would be happy.
"I have a friend, that want's to meet you. Sam, you already know him from bible school. His name is Lucifer. He was very happy to know you are here," the man continued. His face was unreadable. Sam caught on the unsaid threat. But the shock made the man snickered. "My name is Crowley, king of hell. Obey, pet and we can go home happy."
Castiel put the guitar on his knee, he took a deep breath. His hands played on the strings. Hesitation clear in every tune. The world became blurry around him as he started the song Dean showed him on their second meeting. Castiel let the strings bring out the joy, misery, and sadness from his heart.
Cas tilted his head in faked confusion. "Am I?"
Suddenly, Anna raised and moved to his bed. She mumbled words under her breath Castiel was not able to comprehend. Her fingers touched his forehead and Castiel frowned. A smile spread on her face. "You are ready," Anna stated as she had just won a billion dollars for free. She withdrew her hand. "The leader will rise and conquer than all," she said.
Dean debated whatever or not he was insane at this point in the conversation.
"Drinking close to every day won't solve the problems you have. There exist people that can help if you let them," Anna took her hand into his. She laced their fingers together.
With shivering hands, he took out the box that he had hidden in his jacket and put it down on the ground. Quickly he began to dig deep into the ground with his bare hands. Once finished he found his paper and began to chant this:
Sam sat beside the angel. He considered for a moment before he answered the question he was asked. "They will know when I go to him, Crowley has spies everywhere and Lucifer is angry. I should stay low for now."
Castiel's hands laid on top of Dean's shoulder blades. He stared long into Dean's eyes. The wooden green eyes that took his breath away every time met his own. For a long while, only their breath made the sound in the kitchen. Dean needed this. Castiel squeezed his shoulder. "Have faith, God gives the greatest tasks to the strongest, I believe in you Dean and always will."
"The king of hell, am I right?" Castiel tilted his head, a dangerous glint in his eyes. "Good, they should follow their lord," Castiel said. Dean's heart thumped against his ribs. Something inside of him considered it so wrong.
A shiver went down Castiel's spine; that was such a Dean thing to say it was unbelievable. Although he was aware this wasn't his Dean. Bobby's eyes narrowed at Dean as he shot bullets in Dean's chest. The sounds of plaid getting ripped apart echoed in the room as the bullets fell to the floor.
"Ya alright?" Bobby commented and began to clean one of the glasses he had put in front of him. Worry was present in his voice. His eyes searched him for a moment."Did one of those bastards hurt you again?"
Castiel thought to himself.
After he took the clothes from his trip to the washing machine. He leaned his body towards it and sighed. Weird events had always happened around him, it was never his fault. Often his ex would blame him for it and say he wasn't worth the ground he was walking on. The ex apologized after but he understood that yes, his ex meant every word.
When he heard knocking on the door he opened it and was met with Sam's hug.
"Whatever it is, is destroying you," Dean hissed. He held his hand on Cas's shoulder, his green eyes staring intensely into Cas's.
Dean took a run for it, he lashed to the left shoulder however Raphael stopped him halfway with his sword and forced Dean into the dirt. "Again," Raphael said.
The walls were black as the night. The demon knew he didn't need light, Sam's punishment assured him of that. Cracked before the heavy metal door opened to reveal its visitor. In Sam's line of sight, he saw clean expensive shoes. With the snap of the man's fingers, the fire disappeared.
"Yes, then you can be an archangel," Chuck said and his hand moves until it was on top of his chest. Before Dean could open his mouth to respond, a big white circle shape alabaster color. It entered his stomach area, he expected pain but it felt more as it became one with himself.
Sam had no strength left in his body and he slumped to the ground. His breath like bricks in his lungs. Sam's features fought to show indifference. After he gained his breath back, the person started talking to him.
Sam took his feet further apart from one another, one hand ready to hit when needed to. Lucifer raised his open palm toward him. It struck him as someone was picking him into pieces at a monocular level. He used the Blade to give the extra pump of energy he had to use.
It pulsed. Screamed. Before his eyes he imagined stabbing Crowley into pieces, the blood would splatter everywhere. Sam slowly lifted his hazel eyes toward Crowley. Crowley frowned at him but he had no idea what Sam planned for him. "You see," Sam started, he held the Blade until it was in his eyesight. "I am not your dog or knight for that matter."
"Damn it," Dean slapped his knee. He rubbed his eyes in frustration. "I have to take care of him, you know? That's the last dad told me to do before he died," Dean said, only Castiel could hear the last part of his words. Empathy flared through him as an angel chorus. He was worried.
He immediately shot down his computer and hide his leather book in one of the drawers. Sam raised from his chair. He jogged over to where he had heard Dean's voice coming from. Sam stared confused until Dean started grinning. "Got to say, Cas agreed to try again," Dean said. He gave Sam a thumbs up.
They flew over a busy city, the streetlights off in the early morning. Dean could hear a signal that entered his mind, Dean glanced over at Raphael in confusion but his features barely told him anything. Dean heard the wings on his back speed up after Raphael.
Sam thought. He reached his room and unpacked his bag. Sam took out his five guns that were filled with salt. In the bottom of the bag, his light brown notebook appeared. Most of the time he noted down the new info there, he also drew the demons or put in pictures of cases he had been on.
All this time after learning how to use his powers, his thoughts were set for one person in particular; Dean. His heart twisted in his chest. "Yes," Castiel responded, he nodded to Sam.
"No, I am good," Dean answered as he opened Cas's text. A neon blue light flashed on his skin as he did so. His eyes scanned the text before he sighed.
Sam found pills for the next day and closed the windows. He decided to tell Dean of her girlfriend's plan the next day."Where is your guitar-" before he finished the sentence he was interrupted.
"Maybe there is traffic after your
"You won't," Dean said assuring her. "Let's go and tell Sammy, yeah?" He gestured to the door. She nodded back at him. They walked back in the corridors to where they had been before. He turned his head to look for his little brother but he was nowhere to be seen.
"Don't go too quick on this, Cas isn't like any of the other women you ...you know," Sam gestured with his hands to prove his point. He put on the plates on the table while Dean took the soup-like into a form to create a pie.
Sam advanced to Lucifer and used the Blade to knock Lucifer out with the power from the Blade and as a knight of hell. He then zapped out quickly before either could recover. Just in case, Sam went place to place in a rapid motion if Crowley sent demons after him.
They sat in silence, during time Cas progressed the information he had been given. His hands clenched around the shaft of the guitar. "Cas?" Dean asked worriedly.
Castiel stared blankly at him. Not even in his wildest dreams, he had expected this.
"Sam?" He snapped up his gaze as he looked at Dean. Dean was holding his shaking shoulders and looked worried at him. "You with me, buddy?"
"You can call me Dean Winchester."
"I was told to give it to you when the time was ready, I believe that's now."
Dean's hands wrapped around Cas. His palms turned into fists. There were risks of lives tomorrow and he didn't want to lose what he found in Cas. Dean took a deep breath and patted Cas on the back as he withdrew. "You know when all this is over, I am going to buy us apple pie," Dean said.
"Usually yes, I help my father in the church."
"Yes, I am. Dean's new single is by far one of his best don't you think? But you got yourself too focused on his career to notice don't you?" Balthazar stole a glance outside to the busy street. "Still, you do it," Balthazar stared back at him.
"More personal? I took my heart out there man."
Raphael started to talk. "One of the things every angel knows is to protect oneself. We are warriors made to protect. Remember that, we follow orders. For the sake to keep the peace, now attack me and show me what you got," Raphael tipped the identical sword as Dean had in his hand before it returned to Raphael's palm with its pointy end to him.
"I thought you will be here," Anna's eyes followed where he had been a few moments earlier. She walked up to him, they exchanged an equal stare. Her's questioning, however, he had scared turned the other way. Anna sighed.
"O' father, how I sinned by your words," he moved his feet back and forth. The guilt yielded truly as it did those weeks ago. Dean closed his eyes, the world disappeared again. John would never be accepted his feelings for Cas. He raised his head to the blinking stars above his head. How the world moved on when he lost the people he cared about. Dean tightened his grip around the microphone.
It must be a coincidence Dean thought to himself and put the book down.
"Dean," Camellia's voice brought him back to the present. Dean closed his eyes while he swore in his head. Dean turned to face her, she was as beautiful as ever. Yet he couldn't bring himself to be happy, Dean was still shocked. His hand twitched to touch his lips but he didn't.
A sigh echoed in the room. Dean strained to listen more closely. The movements of steps that neared in on him made him tense up as a cord. "Dean deserves better, Raphael," another light male voice answered. A soft hand touched his shoulder. "He has done enough as it is."
"Hello Dean, do you want another drink?" Castiel gestured at his empty beer bottle.
He kneaded his palms together to lessen the pain he had in his hands. A suspicion was ringing loud in his backhead. Dean trusted Sam, more than he should. Then his thoughts took a surprising turn, he thought back to when Cas had apologized. His eyes captivated him. The loneliness he wanted to take away from Cas because he had been like that. Every time he closed his eyes he could remember them clearly and Cas was so honest.
"Hey Cas," he sat down on the chair beside Castiel. Castiel's surprised face was worth it, he almost fell off the chair and his eyes widened in realization who sat beside him. Dean grinned sheepishly. "Take it easy, I am just Dean
"Let them come," Castiel said to Anna. "I feel like eating," Castiel smirked. With a flutter of wings, they disappeared from Dean's sight. Dean followed close by, however, far enough away so he wouldn't get spotted. They arrived at a cafe.
"No comment," Dean repeated. Finally, he reached the car door and unlocked it. Baby came to life underneath him, purred her welcome. No music went through the speakers, he drove quickly all the way back home. Dean paid the hotel via electronics and refused to take up any phone calls. That included Bobby, the man he saw as his father.
The anticipation showed on his features. Dean's jaw clenched. Life or death. One second and it would be done. Two presses and he would be gone. Where Dean was supposed to be; corpse in the sole place he felt at home. Dean's car.
Sam took up his Blade, Crowley's eyes widened in fear but he was quick to hide it between a mask of cockiness. A bit like his big brother, actually. Sam touched the Blade with the uttermost care he could show. The Blade purred inside his skull. It would be easy enough to kill. His eyes were now black. "That won't be a problem. I did the research."
The God and knight exchanged another glare between each other. "Dean?" Sam tried, his tone was playful. His body tingled with a familiarity he couldn't place anywhere.
"He is..." Castiel stopped himself in his tracks. He could already imagine Anna's frown in the kitchen.
With Lucifer's hand outstretched, Sam's mouth opened without his command. A rush of blood-dimmed his senses. The liquid entered his mouth and the iron tasted bitter. Then a new fire began to happen. Sam screamed for the first time in days. Lucifer laughed as it was a joke Sam wasn't able to hear.
Crowley had recovered from his end in the throne room, his eyes in a darker shade of red than Lucifer's. Sam swallowed thickly and used the power that surged through his body like an arrow to keep Crowley to the wall. "Did you honestly believe you could control me?" When Crowley stuttered out an answer, Sam clenched his fist together and held him there.
Crowley walked past him prior to sitting on the throne. "God is sending battalions over half of America, with that I mean the first God and not the second. The demons aren't following orders like they are supposed to." Crowley rubbed his temples. "What?! They killed my tailor!"
Sam older—telling him to follow his dream. Later, when he fell in love with Camilla. Then, Sam's eyes clear, dead eyes, into his own. Dean almost lost the gun at that second. He held tighter around it, Dean's fingers laid more pressure on the gun, the barrel of it, into his head.
"I talked with fans outside, did you know they are going to buy every song I have made?" Dean sat down on a side beside her. "Man, that was awesome! They were so nice."
"Please," Cas almost begged. "Stop it."
She turned towards him again. "Ask for his number," Anna took her coat and walked away.
," sarcasm dripped from his voice by the last two words. Crowley's eyes narrowed at him. Good. He got his attention. Now, it was to wait for his answer that was obvious in every way. Because he had found out Crowley's weakness early, he wanted to be loved. Have a family he never got to have.
Sam entered inside. People were served all types of drinks, the kind that counted as a sin as well. The crowd talked loudly, a few danced on top of the wooden tables, others kept themselves to the floor. It stank of alcohol and smoke. Bitter.
He saw how his big brother's eyes widened in surprise and relief when Cas touched his wrist. He knew then that both of them needed one another. Although the media wasn't exactly the happiest about gayness and cheating with his girlfriend, he would have to protect them at any cost.
"You are late," Camilla commented.
The pain subsided once Sam heard Lucifer's footsteps entered his prison cell. Sam blinked away the tears that threatened to spill out. He tried to breathe normally through his ash-filled lungs. Sam coughed before his hazel met Lucifer's own. Lucifer stood above him and looked down at him. A grin on his face. "How is my favorite doing?" Lucifer said.
Dean laughed before he shook his head. It warmed Castiel's heart. "Look at you," Dean muttered under his breath. A frown formed on Castiel's face. Dean smiled, showing his dimples, and stood up from the bed. "Listen, whatever we have between us it got to stop," Dean's face turned hard. Castiel gripped hold on Dean's arm. Dean moved a step back and he followed. He heard Dean's breath hitch and green eyes widen.
"That's rather unusual, your song
Slowly he put it around his neck, Sam quickly turned his attention to Chuck again. His eyes intensified sightly before they dimmed lower. "Listen closely, Sam. You will need the amulet in the future. I know you have no reason to trust me but hear me out, I know what is going to happen. And..." Chuck stopped in his tracks for a moment. "It's terrible things that are going to happen, when the time is ready, you will know how to use the amulet. It's about saving a life for another. I wish you luck Sam Winchester, you are going to need it."
"About time," Dean smiled and his eyes lit up.
"You were drunk, remember?" Sam said. A smile spread on his face.
"That's great Dean," Sam said as he let his arms hang beside his chest. He studied Dean's face that was gleaming with happiness. Sam considered making a cake-
"Enjoying your paycheck?" Sam gestured for Dean's bodyguard to sit down. Balthazar sat down opposite him, he made himself comfortable. Yet there was an edge to him Sam had never seen before. The silence didn't last long although Sam guessed it must be shorter.
He heard Dean's wings flutter before he disappeared from his sight. Sam shrugged it off before him staring head-on into his eyes. Slowly, a smirk appeared on his face. Castiel's fingers flinched, he frowned. He could not read minds as Father did, however, his powers would have no problems prying it out of Sam's lips. "What is it?" He asked when the curiousness got the better of him.
That made Lucifer look up from the pages with a surprised expression etched into his features. Sam glanced to the fallen angel before his focus was on Crowley again. Crowley's eyes narrowed in pure anger. "Sam," he said in a warning tone.
"I mean, how do you like—" Dean showed a shoving motion with his hands "feel good about yourself?"
. "Uh, Dean doesn't know because he got enough stuff going on already. The release of his new album is coming soon—"
"I can't," Sam said. "Don't give him a heart attack, he thinks you are dead."
"He has been researching monsters, Cas," Dean snapped. "The kind that would take him to a place where he doesn't belong. Hell, I have no idea why Sam isn't trusting me. Is my job to take care of him. I-I don't know how much longer I can go on like this," Dean confessed.
"See, showing feelings isn't a bad thing. I know you are trying but I think the press can misunderstand your intentions," Sam stood up from his chair giving a direct glare in his direction. "If the paparazzi find you two hugging or something they would use it against you and make her believe you are in love with someone else. In this case, Castiel," Sam finished.
His arms gripped tight around Cas, mind blank. It lasted for less than five seconds, yet left his skin buzzing. Dean's heartbeat loud in his own ears, blood rushed to his cheeks. Cas looked to the ground. "I am sorry," he mumbled.
The rest of the article was nonsense but he had found something interesting for his further research. He took up his phone while he called Bobby. After one and a half call he got an answer.
Dean's eyes lightened up a bit. "Really?" His voice had found new hope. Sam nodded. Dean raised off from his chair, he texted a message on his phone before he went out of the room, he turned towards him. "Thank you."
"You ready to take on the Mark? Is from God himself you know," Crowley continued. Sam could hear the quiet
Dean thought scared.
Castiel saw how stiff Dean walked.
Taken aback he snapped, "I am not asking you to save the world, just healing me!"
"Cas, we can fix this," he said. Dean leaned backward, away from Cas, giving him the space he wanted. He could still feel the press of Cas's lips on his, he licked his lips. Dean's eyes grew a deeper shade of green. "Okay, let's do this."
"Where does that leaves us?" Castiel paced until they disappeared far away into another town.  He put his hand on Sam's shoulder, he tensed under his palm. Castiel's eyes glowed in a complete white light that even Sam staring into.  Power surged through his veins. He was everything and saw all.
"Yes, Sam?" Cas said. His smile didn't reach his face and he moved to get past him. Cas disappeared through the hallways of the house. Sam turned towards his brother. He sat crunched with his hands covering parts of his face.
Sam's brown flannel shirt was full of blood, his blue jeans had mud from the ground. Inside his chest, the heart broke into two, he struggled to not start to cry. His lips shivered as he walked over to his brother. Kneeled on the floor beside him and took Sam's body in a bear hug. "Sammy, you are going to be all right. I got you. Sam?" He tucked his nose into Sam's neck, he breathes slowly in. No response, tears trickled down his cheeks.
Anna's dark blue eyes as the ocean's greatest depths were hidden in them, stared back at him. "I try to understand why you haven't asked for Dean's number when you have met him twice, Castiel. Most people would've done it," Anna said while she drank up the rest of his glass.
Time began to dim, Castiel's shoulder's relaxed for once in the whole week. His focus was solely on how his fingers moved around the strings. Sometimes Dean would come over to correct how he held his hand. When their fingers brushed his heart rate raised, his pupils dilated. Dean never demanded too much from him, his fingers delicately against Castiel's own. As if he was afraid he would break.
"What are you doing?" Sam snapped before his wrists and feet were locked into the table that the chains he now wore. He shook his arms and the mental chains rattled against the table, however, Sam could not move any more than a few centimeters. Sweat trickled down his forehead. Sam attempted to take clear and steady breaths.
Dean looked at him blankly before his laughter ended the small silence in the church. His shoulders were tense as he wiped away tears from his face. "Yeah while you are it, pay first," he grinned.
"You got no experience leading military, Winchester," Crowley was quick to snap back at him. Lucifer smirked and glanced at him, obviously enjoying the entertainment he was witness to. Lucifer wiggled his shoes on the table. A vicious glint in his eyes that Sam did not miss.
"You are alone," Crowley said without missing a heartbeat. Some mumbled exchanged between the soldiers and warriors on both sides. Mostly in agreement with the king of hell's statement. Too bad for Crowley, Bobby and Dean already got the place covered in angels and demons sigls all over the place.
Apparently to lay off Crowley's demons was more difficult than he expected. The earlier massacre had given him the extra hours he needed, though. Haziel got the information, Dean was safe (for the time being). His phone buzzed in his jeans, Sam picked it. He frowned when he saw no ID from the caller, he decided to answer.
He lifted a glass of beer to his mouth before Anna took it away from him. Castiel stood with his hand empty from the glass that had been there before. "Anna," he sighed frustrated. He almost rolled his eyes but he turned towards her instead. "What is it? I am drinking."
. "You always come here at the same hour plus you stay here at the same time. Every day, I got it, your life is crap."
Castiel snapped his fingers. The time stopped up. He considered the pros and cons. He palms underneath his jawline. The people around them had frozen in their movement, a child's mouth stood open in a scream while another sat with no action at the ground. Castiel turned to Dean's little brother. An idea planted itself in his thoughts.
"Today," Balthazar answered.
Sam could easily see the angel wings and smiled. Good to know the angel was on his side as a potential ally. The angel tensed once he caught his presence. "Sam Winchester," the angel said. The angel wore a vessel with black hair and pale skin. Her eyes stroke him the most in the blue colors.
She withdraws and said, "my name is Michelle if you will be looking for me." Before she disappeared just as quickly as she came.
“How fast you think you can get your brother out here?” Dean asked Gabriel, obviously ignoring Castiel.
“I understand, Dean. I don’t expect you to trust me, after what I did.” Castiel’s voice shook, and Dean glanced back to him, biting his lip so that he didn’t start tearing up too. “Do you think you might be willing to give me a chance to earn your trust again?”
“Is that unusual?” Castiel frowned as he sipped his coffee.
“We need to get to work, Dean.” Castiel glanced at him meaningfully, and Dean mercifully seemed to understand.
He glanced around, trying to ignore the way he’s shaking. The walls - Dean’s forest painting on his bedroom walls, that always calms him. Not his, no. Theirs. Dean had painted the same thing when they’d bought this little house, after everything was over. The dresser in the corner, that they’d made together - Dean had built it, and Cas had carved patterns into it. And Dean. Dean, with his beautiful green eyes, and worried lines.
Castiel broke off on a cried out curse as the door was suddenly wrenched open, leaving him flailing in free air. Moments later he was falling - not forwards as he had expected, but backwards. They hit the wall, Dean falling onto him heavily and effectively pinning him to the wall as his mouth plundered Castiel’s.
Dean froze as Castiel’s hands moved down toward the jeans he wore. His mind refused to catch up, spinning as he felt the button pop, the zip pull down. Cas was slow and careful as he slipped his hands beneath the fabric at his sides, slowly pushing the lower part of his clothing down.
Dean was shaking his head as soon as Cas said his name, predicting the question and cutting his sentence off before he could finish.
Dean rubbed his hands together excitedly and grinned. There was only an hour left until the party would start, and he planned to spend most of it making the main party food for the kids, since Gabriel was bringing the sweets. From the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel roll his eyes, yet there was a fond smile on his face as he followed Dean to the pantry.
“And at what point do you grow a set and make your own damn decisions?” A new voice came from the other side of the impala.
He’d read through all of the platonic relationship stuff and could understand how Castiel had come to the idea that it could be helpful for him.  Dean had to admit that he thought it would be helpful, and he could enjoy not having to make every single decision – if Castiel would take some of those decisions, he trusted the man enough that he wouldn’t worry whether he was doing the right thing or not.
Dean followed along with Bobby as the man supported him to the elevators. As they stood there and waited for the elevator to arrive, he couldn’t help looking back at Cas – and somehow, despite the pain, despite the anger, despite everything – when he saw the broken, lost look on Castiel’s face, it broke him just that little bit more.
Dean was the one who broke through the burnt door of the building, Benny by his side. As the chief, Benny should have been at the truck, but he never asked his crew to do anything he wouldn’t do. So they’d gained access, broken their way through the still burning family home, until they came across the scene Dean would never forget.
“That’s it, Dean, just listen to my voice.” Castiel was saying as Dean tuned back in to the world. “Just breathe like I am. Feel my chest? Copy my breathing, okay?”
“That’s okay-oh.. Me neither... God, Dean, dean...”
He took the elevator down to the underground parking, where the trash carts were also kept. As the doors closed, he pondered on Sam’s presence in their lives. He was happy for Dean, of course he was, but the niggling doubts in the back of his mind were back. He wondered if Dean would leave now - move in with his brother, leaving Castiel as a fond memory. The thoughts brought his mood down quickly, and he found his eyes welling with tears as he stepped out of the elevator and headed for the trash carts.
The light of the sun was peeking through a crack in the block out curtains, letting a nice sort of light and warmth through the room. He glanced around the room, taking in his surroundings, and noticing them in a way he never really took time to do.
“Yes.”
Castiel couldn’t hold back anymore. He thrust his hips up, meeting Dean’s movements to bury himself even deeper in his ass. He strained against the belt, against the bed itself, pushing up harder as he lost control. He realised the cries and whimpers were coming from his own mouth.
“Not at all. I mean, when we were kids he’d do anything to avoid talking about feelings,” Sam started to tell him. “Seriously, there was this one time...”
“Well come on, then.” Dean drawled sarcastically, leaning back against his car. “Please, explain it to me. Because, I know damn well I wasn’t the only one crossing lines back then. You cut me off, made me feel like it was all my fault, and I accepted that. But then I worked through it, and I realised it wasn’t me at all. You accepted me when I was broken, you helped me, you promised you’d be there. Then you weren’t. So please, tell me how it wasn’t your choice.”
“Come on now, boy. I gotcha.” The Officer, Bobby apparently, muttered softly while shaking a head at Castiel over Dean’s shoulder. “Harvelle, you right with him for a bit?”
“Yeah man, sorry bout that. Been a bit messed up, you know.” Dean shrugged after he let go, grinning a little to hide the tension. “How you been getting on? Keeping your nose clean?”
“Okay, that’s good, that’s great Cas. Now you have to learn to shift your weight. So if you think of your center of balance, you need to focus on that. So shift that over to your left foot, and when you’re ready you lift the opposite foot.”
“I would ask another thing of you, Dean. I understand, when I ask if you are okay, if you don’t want to go into your reasons. But I ask this of you; I won’t push you for an explanation, but
“I’m fine, Charlie” Dean chuckled softly, using his shoulder to press the phone to his ear while he poured himself a cup from the brimming pot of coffee. “I’m not fired.”
“Is it... really?” He whispered, lifting his head to gaze at Cas, Sam, and Jack, all sitting at the table looking as shocked as he was.
“There a problem here, brother?” Benny drawled, directing his words to Dean.
Dean demonstrated what he meant, lifting each foot one after the other, balancing from side to side. Castiel tried it, and after a few minutes of shaky attempts, Dean was confident that he had the basic idea of it. He barely noticed Sam and Jack copying their activities, a little off to the side. None of them had ventured into the actual rink yet.
“Nothing untoward, I assure you.” Castiel answered immediately. “You… Well, you were having a panic attack, and while I haven’t seen it quite so bad before, I imagine that you have experienced it. You passed out after a little while, and I felt it would be better for you to stay here.”
He tried to focus on the game instead of the way Cas looked at him as he lined his shot up, leaning over the table. His breath caught, however, as he felt Cas’ weight settle over him in the same manner he had done previously.
“You shoulda seen your brother, man.” Dean added, with a grin. “Cas tore strips off the bitch without even raising his voice.”
imagining the suggestive hint in that last word.
“You’re a goddess, Charles. Knew you wouldn’t let me down.”
“I’m coming with you.”
Diving into the physical aspect of work helped - stocking fridges and shelves, receiving and putting away deliveries, it all helped keep his mind off things until he finished. As soon as he left, however, the anger returned. Even now Castiel was restless and grumpy, kicking at a blanket that got in his road on the way to sit on the couch. He let his head drop back, eyes closed as he focused on his breathing, trying to calm and relax his body and mind. He should look into yoga or tai chi or something. Maybe it would help ease this uptight feeling that he’d developed. He made a mental note to do some research.
He felt bad for not actually saying goodbye, but he couldn’t do it. Thoughts swirled through his head as he automatically made his way to the kitchen, rinsed his cup, and made his way out of the building. He wasn’t completely stupid - he knew he was attracted to Castiel, on a major level. But he couldn’t be, he had to stop it, control it. Because it was dangerous. He was dangerous. Castiel was too easy to talk to, too easy to let in - and if Dean let him in, he would be hurt. Because Dean was too dangerous, too broken, too stupid, to be allowed to be close to anyone.
The song came to an end, and in the pause before the next song started, Ellen stepped back with a slight smile, shooting a glance over Dean’s shoulder. After a few moments Dean felt a hand on his shoulder, and he turned to see Castiel smiling lightly at him.
“...You didn’t tell him?!” Gabriel asked, turning incredulous eyes to his brother. “Cas, you know better than this. You can’t get involved with someone and not tell them!”
“I – what? But…” Dean frowned, trying to understand. How could he have done well when the others were struggling? It didn’t make sense.
“Yeah. Yeah, we’re at Cas’ place. What? Wait, no, you don’t need to-“ Dean pulled the phone away from his ear as the woman yelled a stream of curses down the line. “Okay! Okay, shit, calm down! No, I know nobody has ever calmed down by- Okay fine, we’ll be here. Yes. Bye.”
So he followed, quietly and from a distance, as Castiel searched through the trees for his target. Dean grinned, the phrase ‘the hunter becomes the hunted’ flashing through his mind. Yet, before he could gloat too much in his mind, he realised he had lost sight of the angel. Damn!
“Oh.” Dean huffed, the worry draining away. “Wait, you knew you weren’t going home?”
Castiel answered with a nod - Dean had explained what ‘breaking the pack’ meant - and walked towards the table, getting ready to take a shot. Dean realised very quickly how bad of an idea this was. Castiel had chosen to wear a pair of jeans that were a little too tight - exactly how tight became very obvious as Castiel bent over the table, then shifted to try to find a good way to hold the cue. Dean did nothing for a moment, staring at the outline of his ass in the denim.
Castiel just nodded and, after a few moments, removed his hand from Dean’s shoulder. Dean carefully stowed the notebook away, and they sat in a comfortable silence for a few moments. He took a sip of his coffee, thinking about what he had said. It was so easy to trust Castiel, and it should scare him. But for some reason this one thing, as strange as it was, this didn’t scare him.
“Fuck, Cas, please..” He whimpered, his hips trying to drive down on his partners fingers.
Okay, that was weird. Dean frowned, but Charlie just shrugged and followed Sam out the door, leaving him with Missouri. The woman just smiled at him again and made her way over to take Charlie’s seat beside his bed, rummaging in her purse as she did. Finally, she pulled out a small zip-lock bag, and she grinned at Dean mischievously.
“It’s that new work friend you mentioned on the weekend, isn’t it?”
“Let’s go take a shower.”
“We’re almost there, guys. Pull over in a few minutes and we’ll hike in, that way the noise of the engines don’t give us away.” Charlie commented from beside Gabriel in the back, her eyes glued to her phone screen.
“Surface stuff?” Castiel frowned. The damage looked pretty extensive to him.
had not stopped lavishing attention on his cock.
“I am not. I just don’t see eye to eye with your idea of ‘morning’,” Castiel answered with a false grumpy look as he swapped his coffee cup for his plate. “Though, I do believe I could get used to this. It looks and smells delicious.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean lifted his legs higher, wrapping them around Castiel’s waist on instinct. Their eyes met, lust and passion crashing together, yet Castiel’s still held a silent question. Dean bit down on his lip, noting the way Castiel’s eyes were drawn down, then back to his eyes - then he nodded slightly, hands coming up to grab at Castiel’s sides. Castiel barely moved, tiny little pushes that stretched Dean’s hole, not quite popping inside.
“Red.”
“Oh, listen, I have something for you.” Charlie dug around in her bag, finally retrieving a small paper bag that she handed over to Dean. “You don’t have to use it, if you want, just… I found writing down my thoughts helps. Maybe it’ll help you.”
He hadn’t had a fully functioning libido in a long time and he knew it was the way his depression was affecting him. He also knew that the depression wasn’t gone, a long way from it. But something about Castiel was starting to make him realise how long it had been. And yeah, maybe it was an excuse for him to blame his feelings on the fact that he hadn’t been laid in years.
“Well, hurry up, this place won’t be open all night!” Sam yelled as he skated off.
“Oof. Yeah, okay, settle down Gabe. I know you’re only happy because I bought you something sweet.” Sam answered with a chuckle, pulling himself out of the shorter man’s arms.
“Um. Probably because I cost him his job. He said that was going to cost me.”
“I’m exhausted from all the emotions today. I can’t even imagine how you feel.” He spoke gently into Dean’s shoulder, carding his fingers through his hair. “Why don’t we go to bed and take a nap? We can talk later.”
“Whoa, whoa, okay, what’s going on?”
“Wait… You think I jumped?”
notification. Three new messages.
“Good timing?” She asked, and nearly everyone in the room rolled their eyes and grumbled.
He thought, leaning back against the shower wall and letting his head drop back. His eyes closed as he ran his hands down, over his chest and down his belly. His breath hitched as he circled around the base of his cock, not touching it yet, teasing.
“Mr. Novak, are you okay?” The short man asked timidly.
“I understand. I will not ask you to break Dean’s confidence – I agree that his privacy is of the utmost importance.” That was Castiel’s voice, also pitched low. “It is good that he has somebody that cares so much for him. I assure you that I do not intend to hurt him in any way.”
“Yeah. Yes, I mean.” Dean nodded slightly, then chuckled. “I mean… I doubt I’ll be a great student or whatever but… Man, nobody has ever been able to calm me down like that. So I guess if you think you can help me then, I’ll try to learn.”
“Dean will still be asleep.” Castiel told him, chuckling softly.
He searched the parking lot, and outside the apartment block, calling out for Castiel and muttering to himself the whole time as panic started to creep in. He tried to tell himself that Castiel had probably just gone for a walk or something, but he knew it wasn’t true. Castiel wouldn’t just leave.
Then Dean was gone, pulling away from him, and disappointment flooded him before he realised that the man was chuckling softly as he moved away.
Several hours later, Dean’s head was buzzing pleasantly. He was still at the café – in light of the news, Gabriel had closed his shop early to the public, pinning a sign to the door that stated ‘Closed – Family celebration’. Surprisingly, the customers had been completely fine with it.
No way. Sam had already lost their parents, and no matter how much of a piece of broken shit Dean was, if he went too then Sam would be completely alone. He couldn’t do that to him.
It was different, seeing this version of Castiel. The man has so many different sides to him, little changes that kept on surprising him – like the Castiel at work, serious and intense, or the morning Cas that was grumpy and sleepy. The parent Cas, careful and loving, was one of Dean’s favourites – at least, aside from the Castiel in bed, commanding and yet gentle. Dean found himself looking forward to getting to know every side of Castiel.
“Yep.” Crowley answered this time, a smirk crossing his face. “Turned out Daddy didn’t want to front the money to get her off the charges. He was happy to sign for the compensation and court fees, which, by the way, goes to a lot of people – but he said she had to learn a lesson. Five years behind bars, and that’s if she’s a good girl.”
“Mhmm.” Dean moaned around his cock, then pressed down again.
Castiel didn’t even wince, swallowing the salty fluid down his throat as though he was an absolute pro. He suckled at Dean gently as he slowly went soft, panting and completely spent. Cas only pulled away when Dean’s body jumped, reacting to post-orgasm sensitivity.
“Hey, hands off! What the hell?” Gabriel grumbled, pulling away as Dean finally let him go.
“It’s fine. You needed time. They waited. Come on.”
Suddenly music blared through the speakers, and Dean winced as he heard tunes from the 80’s at top volume. The lights started flashing disco colours, and Dean realised that this place was going all out for ‘retro night’. He glanced over at Cas, prepared to make a comment. A quick glance at the grin on the angel’s face, however, stopped him. Cas was really enjoying this.
Dean could hear the mirth in Cas’ tone, but judging by the silence that followed, it went completely (and thankfully) over Sam’s head.
“I will follow you, Dean.” Cas spoke first, blue eyes boring into Dean’s green eyes with an intensity that was just so
“DEAN!” He cried out the man’s name as orgasm crashed over him, his hand holding Dean’s head down as his cock pulsed.
After ten minutes of telling her he was just stressed, and her refusing to believe him, Castiel had broken down. He began finally telling the kind, caring redhead all about what the coworker had been doing since he started several weeks ago. It was mostly just derogatory comments, but the man had physically harmed him a few times. Castiel considered them to be little things - pushing him down the stairs, or pushing him into a stack of drinks while he was stocking fridges.
“Just… Wow, Dean. You trusting anyone is a big deal, especially in such a short time.” Sam told him, then blew out a breath and frowned. “It sounds like he does care... And I know you don’t want to hear it, but be careful, please. I just don’t want to see you hurt again.”
“Yeah, it’s been what five years?”
“Castiel got them!” Jack exclaimed, ignoring Sam’s noises to be quiet.
“I dont know-ah.. what you mean..” Cas gasped as Dean kissed along a particularly sensitive spot on his collarbone.
They talked while they worked, and Dean had just finished telling him about his family. Castiel watched him out of his peripherals, noticing the way his face lit up when he spoke of his brother, but dropped the few times he had briefly mentioned his father.
“We’ll finish this later,” He answered in a low voice, with a definitively predatory grin. “The game is almost over.”
“Okay, look, just watch what I do.” Dean laughed, shifting his weight so he rolled back, leading Cas to the wall of the rink.
He bobbed slowly, taking more of Dean into his mouth with every stroke until finally he bypassed his gag reflex, his nose pressed into Dean’s soft curls. Dean writhed under him, making soft moans and gasps as he worked the cock in his mouth. He delighted in the way Dean’s fingers tightened in his hair, urging him on. His tongue pressed against the under side, bringing a gasp and another moan from the man’s mouth.
He put the phone on the table, using both hands to gently push Dean away and slip out of the bed. Dean grumbled, a frown creasing his face until he pushed a pillow into the man’s searching arms. He chuckled to himself as Dean nuzzled into the pillow, his face clearing again. The man really was adorable sometimes.
“Hand-maiden!” Charlie snapped, shooting him a sharp look. “Let’s not go into the details shall we?”
“Dean?” He placed his hands on Dean’s cheeks, forcing him to look at him. “Are you okay?”
Dean was moaning, his head dropping to Castiel’s shoulder as he bucked into the grip. Castiel reached down to join Dean’s hand, the feeling of their cocks sliding together in their joined hands sending delicious waves of pleasure through him. Dean cursed as Castiel’s free hand gripped onto his hip, digging his nails in harshly. Judging by the way Dean suddenly pressed into him with a moan, he enjoyed the sting mixed with the pleasure.
“Well, look at that. Come here to scare one fairy, and I get two.” Uriel chuckled. “Must be my lucky day.”
His sternum had been broken in three places, according to the doctor, which left a hell of a lot of pain. He winced, then looked back at Castiel. The man had turned around for a moment and was grabbing something, and when he turned back, Dean realised he’d grabbed one of the hospital towels and was rolling it up into a bundle. When he’d finished, he used a piece of tape to secure it, then handed it to Dean.
There it was again. He was good, he was doing the right thing. Dean let out a soft sigh, a strange calm settling over him. It was strange because it was the kind of calm he never felt, he could never find. And yet it settled over him gently like a warm blanket, and he let himself drift into it as everything went black.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean coughed, then regretted it instantly.
“Dean, don’t” Uriel mocked him as he stepped toward the pair. “Listen to lover-boy, Dean. I only want him.”
“Patience, princess,” Dean chuckled, moving up.
Sam’s laughter followed him down the hallway as he made his way back to his own bedroom, muttering about asshole little brothers. His face was still scarlet as he pushed the door open with his foot, peeking in to see Castiel exiting the bathroom wearing a pair of Dean’s sweats. Dean couldn’t help the smile though, as Castiel looked up at him, looking all fresh and clean with an adorable smile on his lips.
Gabriel was busy in the kitchen, as usual. Dean and Castiel ordered coffee and treats, then took a seat in the booth closest to the door. They chatted quietly, going over the court case they had both just testified in. Naomi’s lawyer was an absolute piece of work – the redhead called Abaddon had tried to undermine everything they’d said, find fault in their statements, and outed Dean and Castiel’s relationship.
A door creaked open somewhere behind him, and he flinched slightly, unable to turn far enough to see.
She shooed him away as she took a mouthful of beer, encouraging Kevin to do the same. Dean shrugged and went to sit on the couch with Sam. They talked quietly, little stories about what they had been doing lately, mostly to distract themselves from the situation. Bobby and Jo came back with large bags, which they quickly learned contained an arsenal of weapons.
“What the hell, dude? Don’t you think he’s gone through enough?!”
Castiel watched his face, noticing how excited the command seemed to make Dean. Castiel was in the mood to dominate, and he guessed by the reactions that Dean was relishing in the thought of giving up control.
“...My brother.” The man sighed, his shoulders dropping. “This was where I was told he’d be, but... Cas appears to have moved.”
Cas was his best friend. Dean was strung out and seriously needed to get laid. And mister angel-of-the-lord probably had no idea what doing something like that meant. Of course, he would just see that Dean had a problem and assume that he could help relieve it.
“Don’t do that, you’ll hurt it more. I noticed this before. What happened?” Castiel asked, still holding his wrist.
Dean dropped his head against the back of the couch, biting his lip to prevent any sound slipping out as he closed his eyes. Everything he had was focused on trying not to buck his hips up, force Cas to move faster, even as he could feel the smirking gaze boring into him.
“You never, ever have to apologise for your emotions, your mental state, anything. Not to me.” Castiel told him firmly, his gaze intense. “Never. I will be here for you every single time, and I will not judge you, I will not think less of you. You never have to hide with me. Do you understand?”
“How about standard rules, last man standing wins or at... let’s say sundown, the one with the least welts wins.” Sam started.
“Which part?” Castiel smiled ruefully.
There was something... familiar, about this man. Something in him recognised the guy, though he was sure they had never met. He wasn’t quite sure what it was.
“Oh… Um, right.” Dean frowned down at his cup – little bits of memory were still there; about the way he’d sobbed into Castiel’s arms. “Uh… sorry, man. I didn’t mean to get so out of control.”
“Actually, he’s not.” Jo grinned slightly. “You’ve been taking advantage of Cas for a long time, denying him his rights and taking money you are not entitled to. So let’s tell you how this will go.”
“I think I love you.” Dean whispered into the quiet sometime later.
“I know what you meant.” He answered, then sighed and rubbed his face with his hands.
But what if someone had come back to the room and found it? What if Castiel had found it – and worse, read it? That notebook had his errant thoughts in it, everything that ran through his head during the day. Anyone who found it would think he was insane. And if Castiel had found it, then that would be the end of his wanting anything to do with Dean, for certain.
Dean just rolled his eyes and lowered his gun, signalling the others to do the same. He tucked the weapon back into his belt and sighed, releasing some of the tension that had built up.
Sam asked, and Dean immediately felt himself flush at the memory of the weekend breakfast he’d shared with Cas. Damnit, he knew he had to keep it platonic, but he was feeling things he hadn’t felt in years every single time he thought of the Professor. Some of what he felt were things he had never even experienced feeling before, and it was starting to scare the hell out of him.
“Dean?! Open up you asshole!” Castiel roared as he hammered on the door.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“You’ll get what you want. But first...”
Castiel stared at him for several beats, wondering what to say. While he did want to clear the air of their relationship status, he also didn’t want to reveal his insecurities to Dean.
“He’s just... He’s sweet, and kind. But he’s also fierce and strong. He doesn’t take my shit, but he doesn’t try to scare me, either. And he can be so damn fragile, but he doesn’t hide it from me. He lets me help him, pull him back. And he- he helps me, too. And it’s all too fast, and it’s terrifying, but when we’re together, it’s like I’ve been searching for him my whole life. I need him, and he needs me.”
Within a minute the music was shut off, the banging stopped, and the door was ripped open to reveal worried green eyes with a hint of - was that fear? Castiel balked, wondering with a brief moment of clarity if he’d made the wrong choice. That glimmer of fear wasn’t a normal reaction, and it made him feel guilty.
“Cas, you don’t have to, we can-“
“Dean-“ Castiel gasped brokenly, tugging at the man’s pants with frustration.
“Jus’ do it....” Castiel slurred, his head falling forward limply onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Fine, fine.” Dean grumbled, shaking the man’s hand off.
“Jody.” Dean grumbled, and she sighed.
Cas’ lips crashed back down onto his as they moved into a constant rhythm, a deep, hard fucking like dean had never known, and he couldn’t help wondering why he had waited so long when it felt this damn good. Every thrust sent fire through his body, arcing his back, bringing him right to that edge and holding him there, reducing him to a wailing mess.
Nobody really knew what to say to that. Sam squeezed his shoulder supportively; Gabriel caught his eye in the mirror and nodded to him. The next few minutes were quiet, until Charlie told him to pull over. Moments later Bobby’s cruiser pulled up behind him, and the engines of both vehicles were cut. They started to pile out of the cars, grabbing gear from each trunk quickly for the six of them. Kevin had stayed home, getting emergency medical supplies and food ready for their return.
“Cas, shit, CAS!”
When he was gone, the group was quiet. And suddenly Castiel felt overwhelmed.
There was silence again. Dean decided it was time to bring this conversation to an end – as much as he loved Charlie for wanting to protect him and having the balls to bail the man up in the first place. He grunted and moved slightly, catching Charlie’s attention.
“Bend your knees, remember. But keep your chest up.”
Castiel glanced up as he put new cups of coffee on the table, concerned at the way the brothers had suddenly sobered and gone silent. He could see the guilt that ran through Dean’s face as he looked down, and wished he could comfort him. But he stayed at the table, denying any touch in front of Sam. He was going to keep his distance until - if - Dean chose to initiate it.
“Dean...” He whispered to himself, the word full of desperation and hope as tears tracked down his face again.
“Dean,” He groaned, shoving the warm lump that was laying half on top of him. “Dean, your phone.”
“Right.” Dean nodded, then turned back to Castiel, the shirt balled in one hand while fingers wrapped around the handle of the blade. “Cas, this is gonna hurt, and I’m sorry, but..”
“I guess it’s for the best.” Dean sighed, staring down at his hands. “They won’t do anything, though. Lock him up and let him cool off for a bit. The cops back home used to say ‘it’s his right to discipline you, you’re his son’... They told me to stop calling them just because I’d gotten a bit of a smack for bad behaviour. So I did.”
Dean sighed softly, closing his eyes with a smile. He felt Castiel’s words wash through him, and strangely he didn’t argue. Not because he couldn’t, but because he believed it – He’d done exactly as he was told, every time. He had done good. He’d done right.
“I’m going to stay near the door, so I meet him first.” Gabriel took over. “Then I’ll bring him over to our booth. Cas, I need you to sit near the wall, and Dean you can sit on the outside, so Michael can’t forcibly take him.”
Dean curled his fingers over the top of Cas’ left hand, moving both his arm and hand to a better position. He felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise and gritted his teeth, trying to breathe evenly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean.” He took a deep breath to calm and center himself, then straightened and stood tall. His hands caught Dean’s cheeks, cradling his face as he stared into his eyes. “My injuries will heal, regardless of what I do. I needed extra help yesterday, because of the hospital medication. I can face Michael without him even knowing there is anything wrong with me, besides the facial bruising. I know you are trying to protect me, but I- Dean, I need to do this. I have never stood up to him. For me to be truly free of him, I have to do this. Do you understand?”
Okay so, that's it. I hope the end didn't disappoint too much... I know I expected more of this, but it is what it is. I want to say the biggest thankyou.. to cas_s_honeybee for putting up with my crap and beta-ing for me! All those who have followed my story and commented, I love you! And especially to Lollipop - I loved your comments, you encouraged me and made me laugh with all your emotions! Don't forget, swearing is an emphasis :D Thankyou a million times.
Oh also, I'm Aussie, so my spelling is going to be Aussie English (mostly). Sorry not sorry. But if there's anything I get really wrong in terms of naming things (Trash can, creek, etc) feel free to let me know so I can fix it. :)
“What? S’good!” Dean grinned around a mouth full of burger.
Dean seemed only too happy to comply, and his hand instantly tightened around their cocks. Castiel copied him, and he growled low in his throat as the rough pull sent heat coursing through his abdomen and groin. He moved his fingers slightly, alternating between hard and soft, a pulsing rhythm that had him almost over the edge. Castiel’s groaning grew louder and his nails dug deeper into Dean’s hip, thrusting forward uncontrolled. He was close, so close, his orgasm was right there. He just needed that one push over...
“Well, if it’s what you want. I don’t know if I can get dad to pay you, though. I’m not even supposed to have anyone else there.”
“I find that hard to believe.” Cas commented dryly.
“You distracted me.” Dean bit back, moving directly from stunned to grumpy.
In that moment Dean realised that keeping that clear line between them was going to be more difficult than he had realised.
When Charlie finished, she set the water bottle down on the table and sat down again. When nobody spoke, Dean cast his gaze to his brother with a slight frown.
“Gone. He actually kept his word. Said he wouldn’t dishonour our deal, but he would be back.”
“I am.” He answered. “Not to be rude, Mr Singer, but Dean hasn’t mentioned you...?” It was a little rude and overstepping his bounds, but he was feeling particularly protective of Dean right now.
“I’m fine, fine, just move Cas, please.. I can’t take this much longer....” Dean gasped out, scrabbling over Cas’ back, leaving red marks from his nails every where he tried to grab hold.
He listened, trying to focus on something he can hear. There’s birds chirping excitedly - it’s morning, then. The cars rumble as they pass by outside, so that means he’s indoors. The ceiling fan overhead - he’s in his bedroom, then. Someone breathing, slow and steady in his ear. Dean. His breathing started to calm as he slowly opened his eyes.
His world was narrowing quickly. He could hear a rushing in his ears, and he knew from experience it wouldn’t be long before he blacked out. His breath was coming fast, too fast, in short gasps, and he was losing control. If Castiel knew what was good for him he would run, leave Dean as the mess he was, and run far away. Yet the next thing he felt was warm hands, cupping each side of his face and forcing him to turn around.
“Good, Dean. That’s very good. But I want you to know I am not concerned with the outcome of the day; as long as you have done what I asked, I will be happy. Do you understand?”
Castiel didn’t mind. After Dean had shown him how to apply paint to the roller, make sure it wasn’t overloaded, then spread it evenly, he found he quite enjoyed the activity. He left the edges for the more experienced man, but overall they were making good progress.
“What do you mean?” Castiel frowned slightly, then understood. “Oh, you mean the business. Well, I know most people would have jumped at the chance to run the family business, but let’s just say it’s not exactly... lawful. And I don’t want to get involved with that.”
“What’s wrong?”
“After this one finishes.” Cas insisted.
“Dean.” He laid one of his hands over Dean’s, stopping the motion.
“Dean? I’m right here, Dean.” Sam. Sam was holding his hand.
Dean was smiling at the man, his words meant for more than just the food. Castiel picked up on the meaning and ducked his head, flushing with slight embarassment. He felt a little out of his depth - how did this man manage to induce such reactions in him? But as he looked up again into those mesmerising eyes, he knew he didn’t want whatever this was to stop.
Cas grinned against his partners neck, then nipped slightly. Dean whimpered softly in response, unable to help the way his whole body rolled with Cas, trying to get as much friction as he could. Cas tensed for a moment, then pushed hard off the bed, successfully flipping them both over. With Dean now trapped beneath him, he made short work of the clothes separating them.
“Cas? What’s goin on?”
- up and I won’t -
“I don’t think you’re gonna last long enough for that, princess.” Dean grinned against the skin of his throat, licking and suckling along his collarbone in a way that had Castiel grinding harder against him.
“I believe you, boy.” Missouri answered. “But I don’t think that’s all there is to talk about, do you?”
Collecting his thoughts together, he decided the best move would be strategy - luring Cas into an area in which he would have the advantage. Residential areas were a tempting thought - he was sure Cas would find it difficult to navigate other people - but after his earlier brush with Sam he decided against it, figuring they wouldn’t get away so easily twice.
“Wow. Castiel was right, you have started to open up.”
Dean huffed a sarcastic laugh, and without even thinking of it, he shook the mala beads off his wrist and started running them through his fingers, counting them as he hadn’t needed to do in a while. Where he used to pull out the knife and lighter in these times, now he instinctively went for the beads instead. It was comforting, and after a deep breath, he pushed into his story.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
He glanced up to find they were standing at his apartment door and smiled crookedly at Dean. The man appeared nervous, however, rubbing the back of his neck as he glanced at Castiel. His brows furrowed as he stared at Dean, waiting for what he was sure to be bad news.
“I said no, Michael. I will not leave. And I don’t believe you have a right to take me anywhere.”
“Cas…”
“Hello, Dean. I received your answer.” Castiel drew up a proper chair to sit in, facing Dean. “We have a few things to go through, but I would like to thank you for trusting me.”
“Uh..” He frowned, trying to think back through his confusion at the unexpected turn of attitude. “Yeah, his fitness band. Wears the freakin thing all the time. Why?”
”Now are you going to shut up and let me get some sleep?” He asked with more venom than intended.
Castiel was staring at the man crying out beneath him with awe, amazed at the sounds and reactions he drew from the man. His fingers were fucking into him hard, scissoring and twisting to open him up for Castiel. At the sound of Dean’s babbled pleas, he couldn’t wait any longer. As he continued to stretch Dean, he used the other hand to pull his sleep pants down far enough to free his aching, leaking cock. He groaned as he wrapped his fingers around it, tugging a few times. God he was not going to last long. Dean whimpered beneath him, hips angling to try and get his fingers on that magic spot again.
"You," Sam pointed at him.
"I want you to remember this," Dean whispered close to his ear, unwillingly his shoulders tensed. When Dean took his hand back he wanted nothing more than to take it back. He glanced at Dean when he thought when Dean didn't see. For a while, they drove in silence before they arrived.
"To protect you," Anna raised her voice slightly. Her blue eyes met his own before she stared ahead again. "There is only a question of time they will find you and you are not ready."
Sam shrugged. "No, I am better off like this. I will continue hunting monsters as I always have done." Michelle raised her eyebrows. Some things never changed. "It's what I always wanted, you know? Save people, hunting things, the family business. Mom talked about it in secret before she died. That's how I found you in the first place."
The fresh air refreshed his ashed mind. A smirk displayed on his face. "This is going to be fun, what do you want me to do?" Sam turned to Lucifer, the Blade still firmly held in his palm. His fingers tight around it. The pulse in his veins made him feel alive than ever.
"I have an amulet for you," Chuck came looking for the amulet in his pocket. His face cracked into a million-watt smile once he found it. The amulet had a face with closed eyes, made out of gold, big ears, horns by its side. Also an unknown engraving Sam never laid his eyes on before. Chuck gave Sam the amulet and it weighed next to nothing in his hand. It's brown rope kind to his hand.
, and so on."
Sam sighed. "It's a witch called Rowena I contacted weeks before. My goal was to kill Raphael making it seem I died. She fixed it for me."
"What do you want to know?"
"It's Dean!" Bobby counter-argument and the noise of a fist hitting a wall made Dean almost jump face-first into the wall.
Without him noticing they grew slow in closer movements until Dean sat behind him although Dean sat carefully to not frighten him. Castiel clenched the guitar, the symphony began to sound decent. His fingers pulsed in pain but the beauty of the song made him forget. At some point, he was so lost in the music he did not notice Dean's pat on his shoulder. Dean and Castiel exchanged a big grin at each other.
Sam picked up his bag from the floor, he thanked God Dean haven't asked questions about what he really was doing. He heard the sound of the door being smacked shut around two minutes later.
"Spare me, I know," Balthazar rolled his eyes.
from the album
"Because it's only possible to do it once," Haziel said. He moved on his feet uncomfortably. "Anna is leading the troops as you wanted. Give us a prayer and we are ready. You are truly exceptional, Castiel," Haziel said. His face was expressionless. "May be the odds be in your favor."
"What?" Castiel uttered in shock. He staggered a few steps back. Anna stepped in front of a group of people.
"It's on me," Dean interrupted him. He fumbled in his pocket before he gave Castiel a few dollars. His smile still plastered on his face.
"Are you saying, you never had sex before?" Dean's eyes locked into his own, confusion apparent in them. He put the guitar against the wall before Dean looked him up and down.
. He was so far into his thoughts he barely noticed Dean sat down beside him.
"You don't have to," he protested. But
"Castiel—"
Anna nodded. "Close your eyes, it's going to be a rough transition," Anna lifted her palm again and touched his forehead. Everything became a loud yearning of chaos, he felt life slipped out of his fingers like sand.
Castiel's leg divided his legs apart. Dean groaned in need. A hand wrapped around his neck, a kiss pressed against his parted lips. They were rough, Dean felt Castiel's tongue enter his mouth. Dean's hands clenched Castiel's slashed overcoat. Castiel's hand laid pressure on his chest and Dean let himself fall into the bed. His breath labored and his pupils were blown wide. Castiel took off his leather jacket. The weight suddenly has gone from his chest and he felt exposed.
Dean opened the door so Cas could pass through. He showed the way to his personal room where he played his music. Cas astounded face was certainly worth it. "T-this is yours?" Cas turned to face him, his blue eyes clear. Dean walked over to Sam's dark brown guitar and gave it to Cas.
After a while, they let him leave, he pushed away from the insisting journalists that jabbed their microphones into his face while asking questions he didn't want to answer. "What happened?" A question was fired in his direction as Dean pushed a woman to the side to advance to the car.
The song in its last tune.
"They have a good reason," Castiel commented. He put the beer down in the sink a few centimeters by his side. Dean didn't seem convinced. He took a deep breath before his eyes dropped to Dean's lips. Castiel looked back up at Dean.
Sam staggered unwillingly a few steps backward. The yearnings became stronger and stronger in his head. As if two perfect puzzles finally sat together. The Mark shone brightly for a moment before it dimmed down to its usual color. Lucifer moved his hand over the shoulder before they zapped literally out of hell for the first time in what felt like years.
Castiel's heart began to beat quicker.
'" Dean quoted, a sad glint was barely traceable in his eyes. "My friend doesn't deserve that bullcrap in his life and I am going to show him what's worth living for," Dean said determined as he raised from the chair. He made himself perfect pancakes about half an hour later and shared them with him.
It came from the center of the bar. Castiel frowned and closed the door, either way, he had to find Dean somehow. His ocean blue eyes scanned the room. The chairs were stacked on top of each other against the wall and there were posters of famous singers on the walls. Also in cursive letters, Bobby's menu right in the middle of the bar.
"Then I will wait for you, as long it takes. You are worth it," Castiel said, surprising himself by he meant what he said. Dean and he exchanged a long time staring each other down. Neither willing to admit any kind of defeat. In the end, Castiel took his hand away and stepped away from Dean.
"I am sorry to hear that, what kind has he been reading?" Castiel took yet another sip of alcohol. Dean had found out the hard way that Cas could drink more than him. He took up his phone and showed the books he had found on his brother's working desk.
"Sam Winchester. My name is Chuck Shurley, nice to see you here," the man — Chuck took a chair although he sat fairly quickly to them. Balthazar straightened his, back though, his eyes showed a great deal of respect.
"No! Maybe, I don't know," Dean rubbed his neck and looked everywhere but his brother. The air felt suddenly tight in his lungs. It rose in tension in the room and Dean wanted badly to get out. He wasn't a cheater, he was well aware of that. Dean stopped rubbing his neck and met Sam's gaze again. "It's complicated, okay? I researching to help Cas with his alcohol problem. Helping a bro out has never hurt anyone," Dean said unsure who he tried to convince.
Thoughts raced through his mind to get his attention. He ruffled a hand through his hair while he sighed. A bang of hurt flashed in his eyes he gripped tightly around the wooden bench in front of him.
Time moved again the second Castiel took a deep breath. "I am on your side. Although, does the king know of this?" Castiel fixed on his trenchcoat. He always wore it, a reminder he was human somewhere. Faint. Castiel didn't like to lead any more than cats did. He preferred to stop bigger conflicts by stepping in. He wanted to be a better God than Father ever was.
There were a bunch of weird-looking people that glared at him. Castiel felt unsure about the situation he was put into. Anna showed no signs to answer his question. "It's God," one of them muttered in a respectful yet fearful voice. His hair was black, skinny blue jeans and he wore a coal leather jacket. The man's eyes metallic blue, his skin pale as milk.
Sam had a point; Dean talked more formally sometimes however, he sounded like himself either way. Castiel knew he had a fair point. Somewhere his Dean was there, Castiel will find it whatever the cost. "In what way?" Castiel said.
Haziel's jaw tightened underneath his stare. He seemed to avoid to glance directly at him unlike angels that killed many innocents when looking for a vessel, Haziel had been smart enough to choose a faithful one. He had been an angel under Father but he set his loyalty to Castiel. "Well?" He started, an angry tone escaped him.
"Did Camilla know you were cheating on her?" The reporter, that Castiel read her nametag while she spoke. Jenna Olson. The silence descended on the room. Dean leaned more forward on the table that creaked under his weight. His emerald eyes narrowed to close to black poles.
? Sam thought deeply. "And what I know about angels is that they need a vessel to say yes. The suitable vessel can be difficult to find since is just certain people that have the bloodline for it. Question is, why are the angels coming back?" Sam finished.
The sounds he heard were his wings fold into themselves before they disappeared in a flash. Dean sagged into Cas. Cas gripped him tight. Dean wiped the sweat from his eyes. He saw wings spread out behind Cas's back. Huge and white. Pure. Dean's breath hitched in his throat. A smile reflected in both of their faces. "You are my stairway to heaven," Dean said as he held Cas's hand.
"I mean, is not healthy, there are better ways to vent out anger," Sam folded his hands on his desk. His hand stopped tugging. Sam smiled at him. "You haven't called your girlfriend lately either, but I just thought you would be more subtle about it," Sam shrugged.
Dean slapped the hand away. "How did you know?" Dean demanded. A flash of hurt passed Castiel's eyes. His posture straightened as well, however, neither of them did a move towards the angel blade on the ground in the middle of them both. "I don't get you," Dean snapped. "Why?"
He got to one of the tables in the bar. Later, Meg sat down facing opposite him. Her dark brown hair in waves behind her back, stripes of lighter maroon in it too. She wore a black leather jacket, a pink single, and black jeans. Her brown eyes bore into his. "Sam Winchester, huh. I am surprised to see you here with us demons that you hate so much."
Dean's cheeks turned red in embarrassment. Yes. He wanted it. Fucking craved it. His palms started to sweat, his chest tight. Dean could still taste the sweat from Cas's. How he wrapped him tightly. Everything. Dean's hand stretched out. He gripped hold of Cas's trench coat. "Uh, yes, I did. It was nice."
"It's complicated. I wanted to live, you know? Then it came to this. I tried to figure out a way out but...I can't do anything. It's sealed," Sam said, his hands in his pockets. The brown table stood in between the brothers as they seized each other up from answers.
He tangled his fingers with Cas's. A smile on the corner of his lips. Somewhere he knew Haziel and Anna rebuild heaven — as archangels. God had been grateful for their work after all. Bobby had begun to teach him what Sam knew before he died. Even when Raphael was dead he was still an angel and Cas compared to him? A cursed God. His eyes filled up with unshed tears, Cas's palm touched his cheek. No words needed to be exchanged, Dean smiled sadly and kissed the hand of his boyfriend.
He remembered how last night had ended. Anna had been uncharacteristically cold towards Dean the night before. He was here to apologize for his friend's rude behavior.
The air tensed circled by them alone. Sam could hear the army to God retreating as well like Crowley's. They won. But not entirely. Raphael slashed his shoulder. It ripped through his plaid as a siren wailing. Sam's face twisted in agony. Blood dripped out of his body. Sam's breath came in labored gasps.
"Did you do this?!" He hissed low towards Anna.
"Whatever, Sam," Lucifer shrugged and they both turned when they saw Crowley walked into the room. Lucifer turned to flip through a book called
Sam froze. He stood still. On one side, the idea of breaking someone as he had been, gave him great satisfaction. But the other meaning defended it was against his morals. "The racks?" Sam asked through his dry lips, he licked his mouth.
Dean parked the '67 Impala neatly between two cars and patted the car. "See you soon Baby," Dean locked the car and entered the bar. He found Cas at his usual place, in front of the counter talking with the bartender. His sky blue eyes held their normal clearness and Cas rapidly gestured his hands in the air. Dean didn't waste any time, his feet moved him beside Cas before he could think further.
Castiel stood stunned by the door, he felt as he was invading Dean's personal space. He couldn't make himself speak up it would destroy the magic that happened at the same moment.
The sun was going down by the point Sam fixed everything. Dean leaned towards one of the walls, his gaze far away. Sam walked over to his brother and tapped him on the shoulder. A short yelp disturbed the blissful silence. "Dean," he said.
Dean nodded, "yes sir. What should I do?"
Castiel sang the rest of the song quietly. His lips shiver with unsaid emotions.  Castiel cried. And cried. Until most of Dean's family had left the gravesite. His eyes turned red by it. As the blood had been when Dean explained how he found Sam dead.
Sam leaned against the cold wall. He thought out possible ways to make her understand his plan. "I want to be free from Crowley's and Lucifer's shit," he shrugged.
Sam huffed, sometimes his brother didn't understand the meaning of 'working' and 'break' time. If he began to hit on a girl they would try to get to his brother and not him. The few he had gone further with told him he lacked a manner of stability, he couldn't blame them, his life was on the road. The home was with Dean. Sam would never want to change that.
. "But mom told you otherwise, didn't she?"
"What?" Sam's voice raised in surprise. Dean pointed with his finger to the bowl he had in his hands. "Oh," Sam gave the bowl to Dean.
Sam's features softened and he smiled before he turned away to start doing whatever agents do when they don't need to babysit. He ate up his breakfast soon after(he had managed to eat two sandwiches) and did the same cleanup.
" Crowley hissed through his end of the phone.
," Dean smiled. He rubbed his neck. "I am not ready, the producer wants personal, right? I can't," he sighed and leaned back in the chair. "It hurts too much."
Sam smiled broader. Castiel found his feet moving uncomfortably. "I am leading hell's army," Sam said, his voice filled with cockiness and proud undertones. He put his hands in his pocket as he turned to him. "I want to know if you side with me? As in hell."
One month later Castiel sat in a church, a priest told the usual. Father, sinners, and hell. About saviors and what humans wanted to hear. Preached about how the lord and savior would save them all. "That's a lie, none is going to save you," Castiel stated.
"I wanted to tell you, that my feelings have changed...I care about you. But Cas, he is different. I want to be myself and I can with him like that. Camilla, what we had together was real, nothing can change that. I was happy. I am not the man you deserve, you deserve better," Dean smiled tiredly. His eyes dimmed from the emotions that went through them. She slapped him in the face. Dean closed his eyes and let himself be hit.
"Dean, I suppose," Castiel's blue eyes narrowed. His voice had changed to be passionate and something else Dean wasn't able to place.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him. A smile that could've blinded the sun met his gaze. He sat down on the bed opposite him. His damp hair from sweat that tickled towards his neck. Castiel followed the water drops.
The angel blade he hid in his boot, Dean took up from it in one smooth move. Bobby was too distracted by Sam to notice his palm touching his forehead. Bobby slumped to the ground and Dean rose. His fist hit Castiel's face with brutal force. Behind his palm where the power he had learned to hone by himself.
"Yes, learning how the next rock star plays the guitar to flatter the men."
"Forty-five minutes left."
"Sure," Dean outstretched his hand and grabbed the guitar beside Cas's chair. "We start easy, your fingers are going to hurt like hell the first tries. There are a few thicker strings than the others," Dean pointed towards the two upper strings on his guitar. "These thinner ones," he played slowly in the three thinner strings. "Are used to make lighter tones, how you hold your hand will determinate what sound you press makes. Let me show you," Dean pressed on the most upper string and put his finger straight on it. A deep tone clang in the room.
Sam's smile did not reach his eyes. "I am fine," he lied smoothly. "We will fix it but first we got to plan to kill the person who made Dean, this way," Sam said. His hands unclenched by his side and he saw Castiel visibly relax his shoulders. Interesting. "God was never our enemy. Raphael is."
?" Sam asked while his hands became fists.
"My name is Castiel Novak and I am no God," Castiel said, mostly to convince himself. Even he realized how wrong it was. Nobody woke from the dead unless they were Jesus themselves. Yet the people stared at him even more. Castiel moved uncomfortably on his feet.
The words tasted bitter in his mouth.
Dean's lips pressed to a thin line.
"I don't know!" Dean slammed his fist against the air, it cracked by his sheer force. Sam raised his palm in an open motion and stopped the powerful winds. Telekineses Dean picked up efficiently. He smiled to cover his short moment of fear. "Who cares?"
Sam barely noticed when Magnus came back to move him to the torture room, some floors below. His eyes reminded locked. The first knife began to open up his neck. He screamed out in agony, he opened and closed his fists.
"That's too late now," Camilla said. Her voice low. "What were you thinking?!" Camilla turned her hands into fists. "I mean, we had planned most of our lives. Together. Remember? And..." She turned away. Camilla held her hand in front of her face so he couldn't see her impression.
Lips on his—
Castiel frowned. Light began to sweep into his body from every part his eyes managed to see. His body wasn't young anymore so Castiel had no choice but to let the blazes entering his body. It felt like a crushing train where the only destruction was in its path. Anna moved into his view again, her eyes...neon blue. Castiel's eyes widened in surprise.
"Sure, yet I can't stop the deaths. Or protect them in any way," Sam sighed. "I did. In this line of work is between life and death," Sam shrugged. they left the scene but not before they called the cop about the death scene.
"Yes," he let out a shaky breath.
A flutter of wings made both him and Castiel turn in synch to the angel that arrived. Castiel greeted the angel Haziel while Sam stood in silence by the sidelines. The yellow page that was exchanged made Sam buzz with excitement. The time was soon ready. He began to pay attention to what was said.
Castiel frowned at that. He used a few seconds to think up a reasonable answer. "It's inappropriate, he is a rockstar, I am...me." He gestured at his trenchcoat. Castiel knew the green eyes in his dreams were familiar but he somehow forgot who it was each time he woke up.
"They are my family, you ass," Dean finally snapped. Raphael would never let him talk like this, but he didn't care at this point. If the angel sword had no use, he could still choke the bitch. Anger flared in every corner of his mind.
"Demons? But these creatures are in the Christian bible, I did tell you my father is a priest. We can seek advice there," Cas suggested. His smile was gone from his face replaced by worried lines on his face. His voice held a small hint of hope.
"Sam."
Each one stirred a new stronger emotion Dean couldn't understand where it came from. His hands clenched and unclenched. His body was burning up. The fired invoked pants from him, his body started to work on their own account. He wanted Cas clothes off. Now. Dean didn't stop to consider what he just thought — just moved through the motions. The trenchcoat joined his leather jacket on the ground.
The angel sat straight on their chair, their hands folded together underneath the table. Castiel licked the fat from his fingers before he leaned back in his chair. "You are telling me, we should get allied with a lying and deceiving king?"
Castiel's hand moved with the speed of a turtle. His heart loud in his head, blood rushed to his ears. Dean flushed. Castiel's hand was straight above his heart. He felt out of his depth if he was honest with himself. The former motive completely is gone from his mind. Castiel smiled softly at him and pressed him backward until his back hit the corner of the bed. Sweat spread on his face. He wasn't supposed to feel anything at all. What was wrong with him?
"Brothers and sisters, Castiel has to learn how to use his powers. While he does this, we got to protect him. Because the other archangels and our Father won't take easy on this," Anna said, her face stoic.
"Shut your cakehole," he saw the edges of the scene. The lights illuminated the stage in blue, red, white, and various other colors. All the instruments were in use, the screams from the excited fans become louder.
Dean flinched and closed his eyes. "Yes, sir?" He responded. His hands turned into fists. The burden of a failure laid over him. Dean was surprised how relaxed he sounded when he himself was on the brick to chaos.
The white light from before shattered his senses. Dean started thrashing around with his arms and feet. Like a seizure. Touches ripped his soul apart. The core and memories disappeared before his eyes. Everything.
Castiel's eyes showed fear and anger. His jaw was set tight, his fists clenched at his sides. Castiel moved his feet a little breaking the spell that had been there for what felt like an entity. Silence only broken by the music from the bar was in between them.
He got earbuds from one guy he was passing, "thank you," Dean closed his palms around the earbuds.
Sam heard the footsteps of a determined person. He spat onto the floor. Once again, the flare burned into his bones. Sam grits his teeth together to keep his whimper under control. No way he was going to show the demon he hurt more than he already did.
Dean caught the change of mood and moved toward the back of the room. "Whatever is going on, I don't know think I can do this anymore."
Castiel's eyes met his. They held them for what felt like an eternity, Dean swallowed and looked away to the white sheets. His dick raised to attention, Dean blushed even deeper. Once Castiel could fit three fingers inside him, he lined up his dick. Dean's eyes became wider when they noticed how it seemed to fit perfectly into his body.
?" His voice got hesitant. Dean almost let his hand reach Cas's shoulder before he stopped. "You look sick," he took Cas's glass from him. Cas groaned frustrated.
Cas nodded. "Of course," he said. Dean saw the pain in his eyes for a second before Cas turned away, naked, by the way, the hot sexy God. Strong muscles Dean loved to touch. Not that he would ever tell a living soul. He crossed his arm over his shoulders. Dean's fingers played with white soft sheets. Dean raised his eyebrows when he saw the folded paper.
made a big impression on younger listeners. What's the meaning behind the song?"
"To teleport or fly wherever you need. For now, you are under my guidance, follow my example," Raphael said. Dean focused his eyes on Raphael's wings when he saw how it worked, he was quick to pick it up.
"How bad is the situation for him? Is he getting professional help?" Sam asked worriedly. He had his theories about who it could be, he was not planning on telling Dean. He worked as Dean answered his question.
"I need to get Crowley off my scent," Sam said, he wrapped his hands in front of him and leaned closer to her. His breath ghosted over her ear. To her credit, she didn't flinch. "I am working towards a solution that can fix everything. However, I can't be killed for treason just yet. Father won't hesitate to kill you so be on my side."
Sam's mouth was painted red of blood that colored his shirt in matching colors. His mind had a hard time to readjust itself. They sat unmoving for a long time. Time didn't seem to matter when his whole self was something else. Sam finally cleared his throat. His eyes again black.
"You are not a weapon, Dean," Cas's voice vibrated through his skull. "Look at me," Cas said.
He took a sip of water. Sam enjoyed how the cold water was for a few seconds before he began to read the rest of the article.
"How is your album progressing? We need it done before October," Sam pointed at the dates they had appointed. He moved his finger up to Dean's busy day appointments and fan gifts via email. "I got the most important trips in the U.S done. The thing I need is your album."
"Castiel," Haziel started. "The demons are on our side at the moment. Crowley wishes to talk to you later when you have time," Haziel finished. Haziel put his hands in his pockets, Dean frowned. Such a human move.
Sam nodded. "Although, our biggest concern is Raphael. We already have the demon army on our side, your rogue angels, and monsters too against the archangels, angels, and God," Sam took a deep breath. He knew what he was going to do was necessary but he couldn't tell anybody. Not even Castiel, Bobby, or his big brother. Sadness filled his heart. "I suggest we met them in an open field, and attack first. They won't expect that." Sam continued his strategy. "We divide their attention and when Raphael isn't paying attention, I kill him."
However, Father had told him, he did not need to kill Castiel straight away. Any information would be useful for them. He hadn't asked why. It didn't even get in his head to do that.
, heard it over the radio and both started singing. The rest you already know," Dean said. "I, uh, didn't know at the time she liked me. I was busy in my career."
He sat on his usual seat, Sammy by his side. Camilla on the right and Cas on the left. Dean cleared his throat. "California, here we go." He put his feet on the pedal to the metal, put in an
"Dean," the face of the voice came into view. The man had curls, his tired gray eyes met Dean's, the man's beard didn't change Dean's expression at all. "I am God, your Father, and this," Father gestured towards a black-skinned man in a suit. His nose was small. "Is your brother and also Archangel, Raphael, he will train you for the next months."
and began to tap his finger against the wheel to the music. A few lights flashed up the highway. He sat comfortably with the smell of leather from the car, which reminded him of his short happy childhood.  Not that he was going to tell that to Sam anytime soon.
Dean took a sharp intake of breath. The way Cas carefully took care he wasn't hurt anywhere, how much pain he found in his gaze when Cas thought he didn't look. How every word echoed familiarity he never encountered with any of the other angels. Dean stopped moving, his hands by his side. There was again this press against his forehead as if something wanted to break free from himself.
Castiel pushed Dean away quicker than he believed he was able to do. "We do not talk about this topic in God's house, Dean," Castiel glanced around to see if anyone had seen them. His body relaxed once he saw there were none.
"He doesn't recall anything that happened after he died," Castiel murmured in a low tone. Dean's eyes narrowed when Castiel told that to Sam. They got no right to poke around in his archangel life which was great by the way. Ten out of ten.
"My father won't approve."
" His voice shook to his own ears and Sam was gone.
Dean waited for two heartbeats before he finished the song by it's last written line. "I am home," Dean breathed the last words. A whole echo by the people below nearly went past his ears. Dean opened his apple green eyes. A smile on the corners of his mouth and he hushed his crowd. "Thank you," he thanked them. "It's awesome work guys, I could never be dreamed to reach my dreams without you. No words can, um, get the gratitude I have. Now, we are going rock. Be ready, this is the time of your lives!" Dean said.
"Aren't you going to answer?" Anna pointed towards his pocket. He shook his head. Castiel refused to let the phone distract him.
?. He concentrated on the way yet he didn't catch Cas's intense eyes on him.
"Hey Cas," Dean leaned back on the bed. He moved his head so he stared at the ceiling instead of him. "Have you ever kissed a woman before?" Dean's jaw clenched. "If not, I won't let you live without having a taste. What do you think?"
"Castiel, I told you he wouldn't meet up," a female voice said.
"Yeah, I am proud I can call you my brother," Dean tapped Sam lightly on the back. "Want to watch a baseball game? Seriously working that much is a pain in the ass," before Sam could protest he had him out of the room. Definitely worth Sam's shocked impression(that never got old).
"Anna contacted me, I—uh, I am here to ..." Dean stopped in his tracks.
. "You aren't telling everything," Dean finally managed to work the courage to say. He bit his fingers.
"Others spat on our graves, singin' oh hallelujah, oh hallelujah. Here in the bright sky, Created of stones. Do you hear them sing? My friend." He clapped his hands in a gradual manner. The crowd soon followed his example. Dean walked to a white chair that was sat in the middle of the stage. He caressed it, the softness touched his skin.
He knew it was a question about the time before Camilla would find out. He would do his best to explain to her why his brother had chosen what he did. It would get ugly, it tended to end that way when the last name Winchester was involved. Sam flinched when he heard the door slam from the outside. Heavy footsteps walked in their direction. His shoulder tensed, his hazel eyes narrowed at the door.
"Where is Sam?" Dean asked the only person in the room, that being Cas. He noted to himself, how Cas's jaw clenched, his blue eyes enchanting to see. He took a breath and forced himself to concentrate. A worry grew inside of him, he hoped he was wrong.
Castiel smiled politely back. "Personal taste differs from which a person finds '
"Take care of yourself," Bobby murmured underneath his breath before he began to put the glasses into their places.
Dean slowly lifted his gaze. He covered his upper part of his body, the intensity of Dean's stare made him feel completely naked underneath it. Still, they were just acquaintances, Castiel should not care. He cleared his throat and Dean moved his fingers on the strings again, playing out the first verse.
"Did you find out anything new, concerning Castiel?" Michael asked.
"That's fifty percent of my life, Sammy," he pouted. Dean crossed his arms over his chest, he stretched his arms behind his back. "I am going to sleep, you coming or not?" Dean gestured at his documents with his hand.
"If I could tell you I would!" Cas said desperately. His blue eyes had become darker and it felt like a storm was staring straight back at him. For a moment, his own world seemed to surround them alone. Dean took a sharp intake of breath.
"We are and currently, losing it," Micheal never showed many emotions on his face and Dean didn't find it odd. He had no reason to.
"It isn't about your father, Castiel," Anna said. Her hand on his shoulder made him jump, his eyes dilated in less than a second.
Dean was tired of the paparazzi destroying the little peace he had. Of the endless fans questioned how he was. Then it came back to Cas's eyes filled to the brink with empathy. It was just too much. The bodyguards had begun to act weird around his little brother's death. Dean asked many times if they knew some information. Yet they laughed and told him not to worry.
Soon after he paid the price and left to go into his Motel room. Its mud-colored walls weren't what got his attention. But the crappy bed and barely useable desk by the windows out to the parking lot. Sam took out his information and began to map it out in the empty wall, though, not before he took a sign where he wanted inside first.
Magnus enjoyed the view from the other end of the room. He wore a regular black suit and pitch dark shoes. Magnus copper hair ruffled in the strong currents from hell's lower sections.
"Shoot," Dean made himself comfortable on the chair and tapped his fingers towards some of the guitar strings, creating random combinations of sounds.
Dean saw the white papers spread over the floor. Coffee was on the far end. He didn't felt so much for it but it was only things left to fix. Not much later every time was the way Dean liked it, a content feeling in his chest. He checked his clock one more time. Sam was during errands for his coming albums. All safe.
Dean opened the door, his hair ruffled from too many times having his hands through it. His eyes red from crying as he smiled at him, Castiel nodded in understanding. "Heya, Cas," Dean tugged him inside but his green eyes scanned the outside before he closed the door.
. He put on
Castiel smiled a small smile. "When will you be here again, Dean?"
Cas's eyes widened even more by his words. He reacted like that when he tried to be the guy Cas referred to. Dean stopped. "Dean?" His hands clasped around his. Dean twitched, the grace exploded in a white blaze and Cas has moved two steps away from him.
"T-That's not true," he said.
"Gabriel and Balthazar are here. For 'protection of dangerous enemies', I got no idea what crawled up their asses," Dean shrugged as he leads the way to the kitchen and gave him a beer to drink. Castiel tasted it but concentrated on Dean under his eyelashes.
"Sure, what do you need?"
Dean started the car while he smiled happily. This car had been worth buying from day one, he raced down the crowded streets. Soon he found the regular place he recorded his music. Dean's eyes landed on some fans standing outside. "Give me five minutes, will be right back," before Sammy protested he was talking to the girls.
He opened the small room in the car, where the legal papers were, and grabbed hold of his white handgun, engravings John promised to explain to him before his death. Dean's hand shook as if the whole world weighed on this item. His hand lifted the gun until it was in front of his face.
. "He is great," Castiel finished lamely. Silence meets him on the other end. "Anna?" He closed his mouth and awaited her answer.
His palms were folded his head bowed down. Castiel spoke clearly during his prayer, he held his gaze towards the altar in front of him. Once he was done with his prayer he heard the buzzing sound of his phone getting a message.
Dean snapped his fingers and the bodies of the dead copies disappeared from the surface of the earth. He had been proud when Dean learned the trick the first time for some reason, using grace never came too easy for him like the rest of his brothers and sisters.
"I said
"Fighting? Baiting. We left in time, to collide. Hell sings its last words, to a man that doesn't care. We are all human here," Dean continued. He opened his arms at the end of his last sentence. The brown military leather jacket he wore made him sweat but he didn't care. It was his father's, Dean's trademark in the music world. He blinked the tears out of his eyes.
"Dean..." Cas started to say, his eyes were as wide as his own. His voice was doubtful. Somehow their gaze said more words than their words ever could.
Castiel moved his head and he rested his palms on his black pants. The warm air began to make his throat feel dry. He licked his lips and almost fell down when he saw Dean's green eyes following it. Castiel composed himself. "I thought more of the lines of learning to play
Dean's voice disrupted his planning for the next half-year, he blinked a few moments before he realized Dean was talking to him. "You done?"
Castiel considered his answer once again, his frown appeared on his face. "He is my father, I have to do as he says. There is no choice," he counter-argument. A feeling of unease spread in his chest.
Anna's hand patted his back as she helped him move up, then both of them walked alone into a black sleek car. Not Dean's but hers. He sat in and closed the door. Castiel sighed and ruffled his hair. "Thank you, Anna," Castiel said.
He didn't expect to be back in hell so soon. Lucifer poked around on papers, some he frowned upon and others he threw into a bin. Crowley sat at his throne while he got through his normal cases. Crowley lifted off the demons in suits as they disappeared from his sight. Sam grinned wider. The Blade tight in his palm.
He crossed his arms over his chest. Dean studied Cas; his shoulders were tense, his hands were fumbling, his gaze unsteady towards him. "I don't want you to feel you have to, okay?" Dean moved a step towards Cas. "This, everything, is for you," Dean continued. "
Shock reflected from Anna's face. She pressed her lips to a thin line before she stared at him, her eyes searching. "What?!"
"Cas, I don't know what to do. Hell, I can't even face my brother about this. What if she finds out? I
Cas wore a new trench coat this time, it was dark brown with black bottoms. His hair messy from dirt and blood. Dean hesitated. A clang echoed in the space when Cas locked the door. Oh. He didn't trust him. Made sense he considered killing the guy (and a part wanted still do it. It was a direct order). Dean swallowed. "What do you want?" Dean asked and avoided to stare where his red marks had created around Cas's neck days before.
Anna and Castiel exchanged a glance towards each other. "Which monsters, exactly?" Castiel asked. Better safe than sorry, he thought. Even gods had limits in who they chose to put their trust in, Castiel knew that from reading before he died.
"We don't have to fight," Cas said. His ocean blue eyes cleared than Sam ever witnessed them before. "There is no need to let innocents die."
"In the car."
"Heya Cas," Dean sat down where Anna had sat second before. His eyes lit up the room with his happy smile on his face. "I got to say, Anna is definitely a hot chick," Dean took his hand off his shoulder.
"Hey Cas," Dean cursed himself.
He cleared his thoughts the way Raphael taught him. Dean slowly and tenderly puts Sam's back to the wall. His hand glowed in the familiar white light and he healed Sam's wounds. The running footsteps came closer to him and moved him away. Bobby patted Sam all over him before he hissed to him. "What did you do to him?"
Castiel asked for a new drink before he jolted at Anna's answer. He clenched his fists. Nobody got him, and those that did leave soon after. His eyes narrowed. "I-I can't," Castiel whispered as he stared down at the desk. "For him, I am an acquaintance he barely knows. A fan that he won't meet again."
Dean rolled his eyes. Of course, he knew, the interviewer had found his porn and made a big scene of it and made Dean almost drop the whole interview. That day had sucked if you asked him, she had been good to look at on the other hand they made out after.
He shivered and willed his thoughts to start functioning. Dean's hands laid on Castiel's chest. In the back of his mind, he felt the tugs of memories that wanted to come into the light but he refused to let them surface. He was here on a mission. To kill Castiel. Dean pushed Castiel away after some internal struggle. He grits his teeth together. "How did you know I was spying on you?" His voice raised in tone. He refused to believe he was feeling...something.
"It will be," Dean said determinedly. "I am going to tell her, break up and make her at least understand why." He glanced back at him. Sam nodded. Cas stood up from the bed, standing close to Dean. They linked together with their hands, a little smile spread on Sam's lips. He walked over to the door.
Sam scanned the place with his hazel eyes.
, the guitar blasting out Sam's protests quickly."Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole."
Everything became white.
and we got an hour to get there," Sam said once he was close enough. He took the guitar and gestured him to follow.
"We must follow God's will," Castiel finished for her. "I am unsure, what I am, is not accepted. My father will disown me once he knows."
"Protection," Sam said. "Hear me out," Sam continued when she folded her arms over her chest and made herself comfortable. "They are going to slaughter everyone that comes in their way. They won't care who's side you are on when that happens."
In his panic, Castiel hadn't managed to hear everything but now he realized he liked the voice Dean had unexposed. The DVDs were never this raw or so filled with emotions as he was singing.
. He noted down in a brown leather book by his side while he continued to read.
Castiel frowned. "Hello Anna, w-why aren't I dead?" The ground shook underneath them when Castiel's force purged forward. His eyes widened in panic. Anna put a hand on his shoulder, the movement ceased to exist. She stared into his eyes for a long time before getting out of the hospital.
Dean's eyes narrowed. His hand was on Cas's shoulder before he could stop himself, he restrained his voice to sound less angry. "Nobody is 'just a fan' for me, my music is to help save people. And you happened to be one of them," his voice raised for each word.
Dean opened his eyes, the cold made him shiver slightly. The time had gone over his head. He observed the darkened sky above his head, one of the first stars appearing. Dean saw Sam walking over to him, a white package in his hands.
"You sure look like hell," the man said. He looked down on his outfit before he smiled a million-watt grin. "I am Lucifer, let me tell you something."
, we are gonna celebrate your first world tour. I heard they had good apple pie—"
The quiet descends upon him apart from a few cars outside. He took a deep breath and settled. Sam's fingers played around with the amulet. Then blackness.
Dean's jaw clenched. "I am fine," he said clip. "Beer?" Dean wiggled his eyebrows before he flashed a million-watt smile in his direction. Castiel momentarily forgot what he was about to ask. He nodded instead.
The fire licked up his feet. A thousand needles traveled up his system. Sam screamed. Nothing compared when a demon that called himself Magnus took him on a torture table. To rip his rib up. Piece for piece. Sam winced in pain. Some flames consumed parts of his face and burned his cheeks to flooding liquid.
Sam woke up with keyboard marks on half of his face. He yawned and rubbed his eyes. A few papers fell to the ground. Sam leaned back in his chair, his eyes were drawn to the bright day outside his window. Leaves were falling down to the ground in slow movements. Sam sighed before he turned back to his laptop. He found his next place to be and a restaurant. Content Sam left the room.
Unlike the other songs, these sounds were fleeing and intense, confusing just like he felt. Dean played where the heart told him to go. At some point he began to sing in a low voice, slipping away from reality.
, Dean. The voice shattered his last inner walls he held up around everyone, including himself.
is in top 100, I guess people liked it," Dean said. "According to Sammy, it will climb higher next week. My producer wants me to get my ass working for the next album. I got already half of the songs written down, and, I don't have much to do."
"Good, I was wondering do you want to learn to play the guitar?" Dean changed the topic rapidly. Castiel counted Dean's freckles(he never had all of them) before Dean abrupted his counting.
A fit of anger began to build up inside him. Dean's hands curled into fists. Maybe there was another reason why he did it. But Dean tipped the angel statue to the ground. His eyes emerald in emotions that swirled through them. "You want to test that?" He yelled. "'Cause I am Dean the archangel and not some chick from a movie. The man you are talking about? He doesn't exist."
God had no space in Sam's thoughts. He rather wanted to track down his brother and tell him a few words but considering the king of hell and a fallen angel looked to have other plans for him. He sighed before he gave them both a death stare. "I don't care, alright? As long I can get back to earth to do what I want. A curse won't change anything, is that clear?" Sam commanded.
Castiel glanced nervously at the woman beside him.
"Give me five minutes," Sam began to write a long email to Dean's producer about their current progress and Dean's latest interview. He also took in small details of how they should progress on television or other social media.
"Pay for what?" Castiel said obliviously.
The heavy sway of the metal door open made him flinch. Castiel's face was worn. His eyes were older than ever. His trenchcoat partly shattered from what Sam quickly concluded from a blade. Which it was, he didn't know. Sam lifted his gaze to Castiel. "Where is Dean?" Sam said.
Castiel's eyebrow raised. "They are your guards, and at the moment, what keeps you safe," his hands curled into fists in his overcoat. He tried to calm his breath. Dean wasn't acting like himself, it worried him. He frowned at Dean's last words. "What did you find out?"
