A silence which was shattered by the downstairs door flying open and hitting the wall. I jumped for the desk, snatching up the revolver as heavy footfall traipsed upstairs, and had it aimed for the sitting room door when it opened to reveal Ms. Holmes. Her costume was in disarray and paired with a man’s overcoat, and her eyes shone with a manic gleam.
His affable countenance didn’t falter. “As charming as catching up with you has been, I’m afraid I’m needed in the club. Shall I call upon you some evening, we could take supper or the fresh air?”
So accustomed was I to her invariable success that the very possibility of her failing had ceased to enter into my head.
“Ah the ‘Ms.’ returns, I truly have offended. I am grateful for your assistance, Watson, however you know some tasks are easier performed covertly, and I should be much obliged if you dropped the matter.”
The laugh took it’s time building in his belly, so when it did, he wheezed and rubbed his watering eyes. “Jane, Jane, Jane, you are delightfully entertaining. Is this what you’ve been up to since your return, you’ve become some sort of lady detective? I must warn you, I’ve heard tell that’s a very dangerous profession.”
Sensitive as ever to one of Holmes’ dismissals, our housekeeper awayed below the stairs, and Holmes and I were left alone with a damaged wax bust. I was grateful to have my back to the thing as I settled heavily in my armchair, though noticed my friend’s sharp gaze stray over my shoulder to it time to time.
“Poor dear!” he said, commiseratingly, after he had listened to my misfortunes. “What are you up to now?”
“To be allowed at your side once more,” She directed at my stockinged toes, like one swearing to Her Majesty, “Is all I dreamt of for three years. I regret more than I can express through words having left you, and to have left you in the dark, and should you find it in your boundless capability for kindness to let me back, to 221B, to you, I—”
“You are certain you do not wish to accompany me? There is always more value in two pairs of keen eyes. You might sit in a nearby shop while I stake my place.”
“Ah ah,” Holmes placed a finger on my lips, a method that would not silence me if she employed it overmuch, “You underestimate yourself again. You are a woman with an amicable relationship to Scotland Yard, of good standing in the community, and your word would matter considerably against a hot-headed pig like him. If you did have testimony of his ignoble character, tales of savagery in India, perhaps,” I startled, and Holmes swiftly concluded, “Then Moran has very much cause to kill you indeed.”
as the old play says. I don’t think I have had the pleasure of seeing you since you favoured me with those attentions as I lay on the ledge above the Reichenbach Fall.”
When my late husband and I advanced to Candahar with the sepoys and their elephant battery, I became familiar with Rifled Muzzle Loaders and large artillery. It was not until I was in the thick of the three hour duel above the dunes of Maiwand that I witnessed their awesome power. The shells rained like hail and the concussive blasts rattled me to my bones. I stitched and burned and pressed my own skirt into the wounds those explosives caused.
I landed on the most recent development. “Time is not so dearly of the essence that you cannot wait and proceed under laboratory conditions, is it, Ms. Holmes?”
Holmes let out another of her sharp barking laughs. “That is what you’ve concluded from our acquaintance? Very well, we’re agreed on our estimation of my intellect. And of other matters?”
“I know,” I replied. “You are unique of mind and body and soul. Had I met you at any other time in my life, I imagine I’d detest you.” By her glowing expression, I knew I need not state how different my current feelings were.
“Yes, Ms. Holmes,” the constable exclaimed with pleasure, and a lamp at last banished the shadows. Inspector Lestrade looked much the same as the last time he had called upon me, save for his self-satisfied beam. “I took the job myself. It’s good to see you back in London.”
“The edges are blunt,” She assured me softly, “And he’s performed this feat without injury for many years. But your reaction is endearing, and may very well aid us.” I didn’t know what aid my fear could bring her, but I didn’t care in that moment. I waited until a roar of approval sounded that the trick was over, and looked back to see the assistant withdrawing the length of metal from the contortionist’s esophagus. I shuddered, and Holmes briefly rubbed my back.
“If your Majesty would condescend to state your case,” she remarked, “I should be better able to advise you.”
I could not bear to voice this to her, however. “Yes, I suppose it has. You will forgive me if I retire,” said I, rising on rickety knees, though bed was the last place I’d like to be; nothing awaited me there but terrors and unease.
Having hung up her outer coat and her top hat, Ms. Holmes turned her heavy scrutiny onto me. “You sound unwell, my dear. Has this Brixton Road affair upset you?”
“I thank your Majesty. Then there is no more to be done in the matter. I have the honour to wish you a very good morning.” She bowed, and, turning away without observing the hand which the King had stretched out to her, set off in my company for our chambers.
“Yes, yes, I’m alright, I’m better than alright.” I pulled back enough to look her in the face while still keeping a tight grasp on her arms. As I’d surmised, in addition to her thinness, there was a white tinge to her patrician face which told me that her life recently had not been a healthy one. “Though perhaps the same cannot be said of you, dear friend. Please, sit down and tell me how you came alive out of that dreadful chasm.”
“A pair, by the sound,” said Holmes, with a low whistle. “A nice little brougham and a pair of beauties. A hundred and fifty guineas apiece. There’s money in this case, Watson, if there is nothing else.”
Holmes flicked her wrist as if to call it a trifle. “As I said, this Park Lane Mystery must be resolved, and I’ve devised a method for doing so that shall lay to rest all these loose ends. It shall be a hard and dangerous night, made better, I hope, by your company.”
“Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly,” said Holmes, barely deigning to glance at the jewel.
“Before you do, I must object. I have not found you a coward in any way, quite the contrary, in fact.”
I stared up at the rear of a truly unremarkable house as Holmes produced a key from her trouser pocket. It fit the lock of the back door like a hand in a glove and we entered together. As she closed it behind us, the faint lamplight fled and we were in pitch darkness. Our feet creaked and crackled over the bare planking, and my outstretched hand touched a wall from which the paper was hanging in ribbons. Holmes’s cold, thin fingers closed round my wrist and led me forwards down a long hall. We found ourselves in a large, square, empty room, heavily shadowed in the corners, but faintly lit in the centre from the lights of the street beyond. There was no lamp and the window was thick with dust, so that we could only just discern each other’s figures within. My companion put her hand upon my shoulder and her lips close to my ear.
“On the first day you accompanied me to the crime scene and subsequent interview, you went gayly. The thrill of the unknown touched you as it does me. I daresay it steadied your gait, robbing you of the fixation upon your invalidity. And yet somewhere along the way doubt crept into your silly head and you covered your eagerness to accompany me. You
“Excuse me, Jane dear,” ventured Mrs. Hudson, and I dragged my focus from the fireplace, “There’s an elderly man wishing to speak with you. Should I show him in?”
The maid opened the door and stepped back, and the three of us filed into the otherwise empty room. A damp rag lay on the vanity, yet the remains of face powder showed where it had been strewn with personal effects. Irene had even taken her linen curtains. I could not direct my gaze at the bed, noting only from my periphery that it was unmade.
“Inspector Gregson,” I drew a long breath, “You're right. It's not your place.” The Inspector shifted, and we allowed silence to draw over us both.
I did so, and saw a large “E” with a small “g,” a “P,” and a large “G” with a small “t” woven into the texture of the paper.
“My dear woman, what does it matter to me? Supposing I unravel the whole matter, you may be sure that Gregson, Lestrade, and Co. will pocket all the credit. That comes of being an unofficial personage.”
“You’ll come with me tonight?” After years in her presence I could discern when her need for dramatics must overrule my practical nature. This question, and the postponing of her reveal, were of utmost importance to her.
“Come now, Mrs. Watson,” She tutted, “You mustn’t believe I’m up to anything nefarious. You’re too bright to come to such an erroneous conclusion.” In response, I merely folded my arms and waited, as a mother might to a wayward youth. At last, Ms. Holmes relented. “Well... I have a trade of my own. I suppose I am the only one in the world. I’m a consulting detective, if you can understand what that is. Here in London we have lots of Government detectives and lots of private ones. When these fellows are at fault they come to me, and I manage to put them on the right scent.”
“It is the most logical explanation for why you would be there in the first place, only to be unceremoniously deposited nearly penniless after sustaining your injury.” Another person would have sounded sympathetic, but I was beginning to see that Ms. Holmes was unlike any other person I’ve known. She merely carried on removing curios from her belongings to place upon the mantle. “As for why I haven’t expressed condolences, I didn’t imagine them welcome.”
The image of Irene’s touch upon my friend’s person returned to me. “You arranged this,” I realized with faint horror, “When you went to her, before the fire, you were asking to call on her.”
This was unsatisfactory, and she knew it. Changing the subject, Holmes began regaling me with other entertainment she had witnessed in a similar vein. She described a case in which a female bodybuilder had been the primary suspect, when the culprit had instead been revealed as a mousy accountant. I was only half listening, and so when a voice muttered in my ear, “Goodnight,” I startled and whirled round.
“And you,” I surveyed his stocky musculature and healthy glow, “Made it home without the detour to hospital.”
So incensed from the short meeting was I that I failed to avoid colliding with an elderly man. In doing so I knocked down several books which he was carrying, and hastened to make apologizes. As I picked them up I observed the title of one of them,
Holmes ignored the question. “Alone, my dear. This is not something you should want to be involved with.”
Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of her notebook and handed it to him. “Then, goodnight, your Majesty, and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you.”
“And how hale! Gone is my limping, wilted flower, you could outrun the Yard on those legs! Certainly Gregson would never catch you!”
“The man that the whole force has been seeking in vain—Colonel Sebastian Moran, who shot the Honourable Ronald Adair with an expanding bullet from an air gun through the open window of the second-floor front of No. 427 Park Lane, upon the 30th of last month. That’s the charge, Lestrade, and that’s the murder weapon.” My friend nodded her chin at the powerful air-rifle now in the curious hands of a young constable. The detectives gaped, their confundity and consternation permeating like the cold. Holmes continued unabashed, “And now, Watson, if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar may afford you some profitable amusement.” She strode from the room with a flick of her coattails, and I was helpless but to follow, averting my eyes from either the dumbstruck Lestrade or the furious Moran.
Her voice was, naturally, even. “You were fortunate to get away when you did, my dear. Eventually India became too hot to hold him. Moran retired, came to London, and again acquired an evil name. It was at this time that he was sought out by Professor Moriarty, to whom for a time he was chief of the staff. Moriarty supplied him liberally with money and used him only in one or two very high-class jobs which no ordinary criminal could have undertaken. You may have some recollection of the death of Mrs. Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. No? Well, I am sure Moran was at the bottom of it, but nothing could be proved. So cleverly was the Colonel concealed that even when the Moriarty gang was broken up we could not incriminate him. You remember before our sojourn how I put up the shutters for fear of air-guns? No doubt you thought me fanciful. I knew exactly what I was doing, for I knew of the existence of this remarkable gun, and I knew also that one of the best shots in the world would be behind it. When we were in Switzerland he followed us with Moriarty, and it was undoubtedly he who gave me that evil five minutes on the Reichenbach ledge.”
I had no inkling of whom she could refer, yet I bid her let him enter. To my astonishment, it was none other than the strange old book collector, his sharp, wizened face peering out from a mop of white hair, and at least a dozen of his precious volumes wedged under his right arm.
“No, no, not at all, you’re very kind.” At the refusal, the housekeeper dismissed herself. “I merely chanced to see you enter this house, and thought I ought to apologize for my gruff manner. There was no harm meant, and I am much obliged to you, Mrs. Watson, for picking up my books.”
“You may address me as the Count Von Kramm, a Bohemian nobleman.” He cleared his throat with a rumble. “Madame Holmes, it is your reputation of discretion that brought me to you. I should much prefer to communicate with you alone.”
“I am a coward,” I confessed, “And I understand my cowardice pained you. For that I can only apologize and attempt to explain.”
“No, Watson, I never was in it.” She regarded me remarkably tenderly, no doubt well aware of my cascading deductions. “My note to you was absolutely genuine. I had little doubt that I had come to the end of my career when I perceived the sinister figure of the late Professor Moriarty. I read an inexorable purpose in his grey eyes. We exchanged some remarks, and I thereby obtained his courteous permission to write the short note which you afterwards received. I left it with my cigarette-box and I walked along the pathway, Moriarty still at my heels.”
I turned my face, so that she might see less of it and glean little that she could use against me. Ms. Holmes, who so eschewed those softer feelings of us mortals, could not possibly comprehend the depth of my grief. She could not measure it in her pipettes or beakers and would sooner cast the matter aside as irrelevant than try to understand.
“I’ve found it! I’ve found it,” he shouted to my companion, running towards us with a test-tube in his hand. “I have found a re-agent which is precipitated by hœmoglobin, and by nothing else.” Had he discovered a gold mine, greater delight could not have shone upon his features
“I do not wish to make a mystery,” merrily laughed Holmes. “The matter was perfectly simple. When a woman thinks that her dwelling is on fire, her instinct is at once to rush to the thing which she values most. It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it. In the case of the Darlington substitution scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle business. A married woman grabs at her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel box. Now it was clear to me that our lady of today had nothing more precious than what we are in quest of. Your alarm of fire was admirably done. She responded beautifully; a glance was all it took. The photograph is in a recess behind a sliding panel just above the right bell-pull.”
“No one,” Holmes lazily declared, unmoved from her reclined position by his flurry of movement, “Your Majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing Wilhelm Gottsreich Sigismond von Ormstein, Grand Duke of Cassel-Felstein, and hereditary King of Bohemia.”
which seemed to me very obscure. It was evident that these books which I had unfortunately mistreated were very precious objects in the eyes of their owner. With a snarl of contempt he turned on his heel, and I saw his curved back and white whiskers disappear among the throng.
“Yes, Ms. Holmes. It passed right through the head and flattened itself on the wall. I picked it up from the carpet. Here it is!”
My mind was consumed with Holmes’ attitude; at the outset this had seemed an ordinary case, and yet her fascination at Ms. Adler’s performance disturbed me. Her wide eyes fixed upon the stage intruded in my thoughts. Had she been anyone else in the world, I would have called her infatuated. But this was impossible; Sherlock Holmes did not fall prey to the softer emotions, she was not led by lust, she would not allow this debility to interfere in her work. She was on a case, I insisted to myself, and this passion she exhibited was no different to that she felt at discovering bootprints or gunpowder at the scene of a crime.
I had initially surmised Ms. Holmes as friendless as myself, and yet she seemed to be visited at all hours by any manner of people. When such a person would arrive, looking desperate and eager, Ms. Holmes would usher me out of the sitting room with countless apologies. I would wait in my rooms while the visitor and my flatmate conversed below. I admit, I would have been suspicious, were it not for the short length of time and the composure Ms. Holmes retained when she called me back down, with ever more apologies.
“But you didn’t,” The blunt protestation quite escaped me, “Not for three years.” Carefully, I tucked my hands beneath my skirts, uncertain whether they would shake or ball into fists. Still this minute movement betrayed me to her storm-grey gaze.
“Oh, dear! That is very bad!” Her knowledge of niceties always appeared to return slowly, and she made a feeble attempt to school herself into seriousness. “Your Majesty has indeed committed an indiscretion.”
“Well, ma’am, if it isn’t too great a liberty, I am a neighbour of yours, for you’ll find my little bookshop at the corner of Church Street. Maybe you collect yourself, ma’am?” His attention drifted as he sifted through the tomes he bore. “Here’s
Dropping my gaze, she tapped her nails upon the cigarette case in question. I had scooped it up from Reichenbach’s soil, my last memento, and trembling fingers had discovered the folded pages within. Upon my bereaved return to 221B, I could not think of a thing to do with it except return it to its customary place beside her chair.
“At last, I was about to return when my movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable Park Lane Mystery, which not only appealed to me by its own merits, but which seemed to offer some most peculiar personal opportunities.”
“Are you satisfied?” I asked my friend as soon as Ms. Adler was out of view. Holmes snapped to me as though coming out of a trance. My heart sank for reasons unbeknownst to me at the time.
Our visitor glanced with some apparent surprise at the languid, lounging figure of the woman who had been no doubt depicted to him as the most incisive reasoner and most energetic agent in Europe. Holmes slowly reopened her eyes and looked impatiently at her gigantic client.
Ms. Holmes shot me so wounded a look, I nearly did relent. At last, gripping Lestrade’s overcoat tighter, she turned with a flair. “Very well. Lestrade, Gregson, I shall meet you at St. Bart’s, where all will be illuminated.” The Inspectors dithered a moment too long, and she strode forward, planting a hand to each of their shoulders, and all but shoved them to the door. “I must attire myself appropriately, and if either of you deduce the true nature of the crime in that time, I shall campaign for your knighthood hereafter.”
I let out an incredulous laugh. “When I hear you give your reasons, the thing always appears to me to be so ridiculously simple that I could easily do it myself. Truly I believe that my eyes must be as good as yours, yet I am baffled until you explain your process.”
“I found the list you crumpled up,” She began with a twitch, “‘Her limits’? Hardly representative, my dear Watson. You can do better than that.”
“Nonsense, dear. Stay where you are. This promises to be interesting. It would be a pity to miss it.”
At this rebuke I attempted to utilize her methods but found only a confirmation of my fears: lines of stress beneath the eyes spoke of little sleep, she smelled strongly of our soap, and hairs protruded from her plait, which indicated to me the braiding had been done after something, fingers no doubt, tangled the raven locks awfully.
“Yes, Watson,” Holmes looked me baldly in the eye, “I intend to arrive at her room with a bottle of champagne. We’ll discuss opera and the stage and the difficulties of fitting waistcoats to feminine hips. At some point in the night I expect to perform cunnilingus on her. And when she is drunk and sated I shall slide open the panel and retrieve the photograph.”
“Incorrect,” said Holmes, grabbing a cup and downing it swiftly. “Had you observed rather than supposed, you could have deduced as much.”
I had seen little of Holmes lately. I had at last stumbled upon a method of supplementing my income, beyond the military stipend I still regularly received. Although Holmes insisted, when she deigned to speak of financial matters at all, that I need only contribute what I could and that she might make up the difference, this nonetheless felt inequitable; for all that I accompanied her on her investigates, I believed my assistance to be minimal, and not worth any significant compensation. So it was that I took up the profession of midwifery. While I was as often paid in sovereigns as I was chickens, it was rewarding work, and I can confess to shedding a tear at nearly every baptism I attended hence.
The endearment failed to penetrate my confusion. “Moran would not endeavor to eliminate me, it would be foolhardy and pointless. He's too shrewd a man for that.”
Sherlock straightened, tucking her hand into her trouser pocket, and something deep within me uncoiled. “Excellent. I see no end to the good we can do, Watson. You’ve made me very glad.” With the fire dancing in her cold and clever eyes, she left me there and took up her violin. I listened as she floated on the melody to the window, playing her song to all of Baker St and beyond. Who among them would know of this extraordinary creature, I wondered, but those privileged few such as myself.
“I told you that whatever happened, Lestrade and Gregson would be sure to score.” She shouted this from her room, where I imagined her dressing for the day.
“Damn your supposed point,” She swore. “Remind me, in your list of my numerous defects, did you name me selfish?” I shook my head. “You ought to have, as I’m devilishly selfish. You cannot give me a delightful glimpse of what could be and then rip it away.”
I think you’re a packrat who stumbled into precisely the right profession, I thought. “The paper was made in Bohemia,” I said.
might leave upon a person. Could I even know to look at her that she had followed through with this notion? She’d been right to call me ignorant, I flushed at the very idea of the act. My mind, try as it might to torment me, didn’t know enough to visualize Holmes and Irene in such a position. It was no wonder she would seek out worldly women like Irene to provide what I could not.
It was clear that I had made a good choice of flatmate, for Ms. Holmes was not difficult to room with. Her habits were regular: it was rare for her to be up after ten at night, and she had invariably breakfasted and gone out before I rose in the morning. Sometimes she retreated to the hospital labs, though she set up more and more chemical experiments in her room at Baker Street. Others she would disappear on long walks in various states of dress. Nothing could exceed her energy when the working fit was upon her; but now and again a reaction would seize her, and for days on end she would lie upon the sofa in the sitting-room, hardly uttering a word or moving a muscle from morning to night. On these occasions I have noticed such a dreamy, vacant expression in her eyes, I might have thought her under some spell or influence.
“No,” I confessed, “Though I wondered how you knew so much. Did Stamford tell you? Or another acquaintance?”
More sharply she called, “Jane, please, sit.” The use of my Christian name tore at my resolve. Petulant sulking had always been her tactic more than mine, however, and I needed to hear the rest, no matter how it hurt. Trepidatious, I returned to my seat, and Holmes seemed to unwind slightly. Tapping the ash from the cigarette, she resumed the tale as if without interruption.
I drained my brandy, and wandered away to procure a bottle of wine. I cared not of the year as I poured large helpings for the both of us. Mine, I started on, while Holmes looked on.
“Men,” Holmes said with disgust, “Foul creatures. Too often they confuse passion and brutality. No, I find no company with them. And women! Dolls, made up for the other sex, breaking their backs to heave mankind up like Atlas, all while insisting on empty-headedness in pursuit of security. Neither sex holds appeal for me, my dear Watson. I am entirely my own. A singularity.”
Holmes poured herself a second cup, and drank it as she had the first. Smacking her lips, she looked down her nose at me. “The opportunity did not arise. We shall instead lead His Majesty to the Inn and retrieve his desire before him. Dress, Watson, and we shall end this nasty business.”
“The right track!” He barked jovially. “My lady, we have the man under lock and key. Just wait until Holmes gets back, I’ll have her sweating bullets at my tale.”
“Reputation then,” spat Holmes as she emerged, impeccably dressed, face carved from marble. “Well, Watson, I am what I do. If it repulses you, then we must give up this charade of friendship and renegotiate our living situation.”
“An engaging trifle,” Holmes declared at last, striding to the window and twitching the curtains. “Hardly worth my time of course, but needs must and all that. So long as powerful men commit infidelity and indiscretions my coffers shall remain full.”
‘Wrestling’ was a quaint term for the prize fights I’d witnessed Ms. Holmes partake in. To see my slender, pale friend stripped to the waist, brawling bare-knuckled with all manner of prostitutes and factory girls, while men and women alike jeered and placed their bets, was a sight I could only stand on a handful of occasions. More frequently she would come to me in the evening, baring herself to me so that I might stitch the cuts and soothe the scratches she had received in pursuit of some peace. While I never outright voiced my disapproval, I had been quietly grateful when these bouts dwindled to nothing.
“You will excuse this mask,” continued our strange visitor. “The august person who employs me wishes his agent to be unknown to you, and I may confess at once that the title by which I have just called myself is not exactly my own.”
In the early hours of the evening, I sheltered in my bedroom, fully dressed, a significant part of myself expecting Holmes to return swiftly, perhaps with apologies, or with rage. As the clock atop my armoire ticked past midnight, the rage found me instead. I stomped downstairs and planted myself in my armchair, prepared to berate her for every slight she’d ever given me, as soon as she came through that door. Cowardice came next, and I returned upstairs, changed into my nightclothes, and attempted to sleep; I hoped that we might pretend the altercation never occurred come morning.
“I watched silently until you and the authorities formed your inevitable and erroneous conclusions. You departed for the hotel and I was left alone. Or so I initially believed; a series of rocks cascading from above disproved that hypothesis. Professor Moriarty had cronies, it would appear, to observe our confrontation and ensure that, were he not the victor, I met a grim end at their hands. I scrambled down the cliff face, a hundred times more treacherous than the climb, took to my heels and did ten miles over the mountains in the darkness. A week later I found myself in Florence with the certainty that no one in the world knew what had become of me.”
“Ready yourself, Watson,” She declared grandly, “We shall be entertaining His Majesty within the next half hour, and surely you won’t greet him like that!”
“Ought I to be pleased or disappointed?” I inquired, uncertain which case this experiment referred to.
“A bust in wax, the credit of which is due to Monsieur Oscar Meunier, of Grenoble. The rest I arranged myself during my visit to Baker Street this afternoon, before our sojourn for dinner.”
My back stiffened, and I stepped closer so that I might spit my words into his face. “We are not in Afghanistan anymore. Your rank is a courtesy here, it will not shield you from scrutiny. If you are withholding anything from Inspector Lestrade, I will personally aid Scotland Yard in unearthing,” whispering, I concluded, “Everything, Moran.”
“If I might pry, ma’am,” His use of the honorific was irking me, “How did you come to room with Holmes?”
“Why, it’s Inspector Gregson of the yard,” The voice answered. I raced to stash the revolver in a desk drawer.
The stage was not of a scale for some of the entertainment I knew music halls presented: no tightropes or rings hung from the rafters. The first act we witnessed was a line of can-can dancers, which I averted my eyes from to consider the crowd. The audience was primarily young men, but there was not an insignificant amount of ladies present, who did not shy away from the act. As they left, Holmes startled me by clapping and shouting along with the men. Next came a contortionist, who managed to curl his hips behind his head and lift his legs into the air. I clapped, thinking this to be all, when an assistant produced a long lethal sword. The man opened his mouth wide. Gasping, I hid my face in Holmes’ shoulder, feeling her chuckle.
“What a woman—oh, what a woman!” cried the King of Bohemia, when Holmes had relayed its contents to him. “Did I not tell you how quick and resolute she was? Would she not have made an admirable queen? Is it not a pity that she was not on my level?”
It was some time later that I had the opportunity to remark upon the incident. We were settling our belongings in, Holmes having quite a lot more earthly possessions than I.
As time melted like icicles into Spring, we came back to ourselves sprawled in a tangle before the fire, my skirt rucked up and shirtwaist undone, my Sherlock in similar
“I wonder that my very simple stratagem could deceive so old a shikari,” said Holmes. “It must be very familiar to you. Have you not tethered a young kid under a tree, lain above it with your rifle, and waited for the bait to bring up your tiger? This empty house is my tree and you are my tiger. You have possibly had other guns in reserve in case there should be several tigers, or in the unlikely supposition of your own aim failing you. These,” she pointed around, “are my other guns. The parallel is exact.” At once, Colonel Moran sprang forward, with a snarl of rage, but the constables dragged him back. The fury upon his face was terrible to look at. It pained me to witness, to have this image overlaid the impeccable gentleman he had once presented as.
With a snap of her head she looked toward the door. A knock must have sounded, as she passed out of sight to it. I curled my fingers around the pipe rocket. Minutes ticked by, and I could not make out more than shifts in the light. Then, when I began to worry, Holmes familiar silhouette appeared in the window. She was without her top hat, and her hair was similarly loose, but even with her back to me I knew her. I observed her chin waggle, her shoulders shake, her hands gesticulate, though none of these were my signal. A shadow, first indistinct, took form as Irene drew close to my friend. Her hand alighted like a bird upon her collar.
I was taking a light stroll, one of the cheapest attractions London has to offer, when someone tapped me on the shoulder, and turning round I recognized young Stamford, a former associate of my brother’s at Bart’s. I was overjoyed to see a friendly face, and yet schooled myself into propriety. He expressed condolences as was appropriate and offered to take me to lunch, which I accepted. I recounted my adventures to him in a rough sketch, finishing as always with my deepest sadness at my late husband’s passing.
She held a human skull that looked far too real and addressed it. “Because you did not love your husband.”
“This was the first point gained. I then walked slowly down the garden path, which happened to be composed of a clay soil, peculiarly suitable for taking impressions. There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps. Happily, I have always laid great stress upon it, and much practice has made it second nature to me. I saw the heavy footmarks of the constables, but I saw also the track of the two men who had first passed through the garden. It was easy to tell that they had been before the others, because in places their marks had been entirely obliterated by the others coming upon the top of them. In this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal visitors were two in number, one remarkable for his height as I calculated from the length of his stride, and the other fashionably dressed, to judge from the small and elegant impression left by his boots.
Holmes threw back her head and let out one of her barking laughs. It ruffled the King, like a large horned owl, yet brought a furtive smile to my face.
Under such circumstances, I naturally gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained. A woman of my standing could not afford to linger in a hotel, financially and prudently speaking, and yet I had no idea how to go about securing more reasonable lodgings.
While I lay awake proceeding to do the complete opposite, I listened to the comforting sounds of my flatmate in the rooms below. Her long purposeful strides sounded as though she were pacing, save for a break of light violin notes. Our stasis in the house was unbalanced by the sharp ring of the doorbell, followed by the unmistakable signs that Ms. Holmes had rushed outside to meet them. Another checking of a timepiece told me it was close to midnight, well outside of her evening routine. The flat was empty for such a time that I did drift into sleep in earnest.
“Why that’s perfect!” I exclaimed. “If she should be willing to partner, I would be more than happy to share the expense. I must meet this lady.”
We were still not touching, yet I was burning up, the fire licking at my skin from all sides. Hoarsely I said, “No.”
He took his leave and Ms. Holmes grasped my hand as a man would. “A pleasure,” She said cordially, “You’ve been to Afghanistan, I perceive.”
That faint pressure upon my cheek was replaced by a firm cradling of my chin. “Apologies, sweetheart. You have been my conscience and my heart for so long, of course I forget you have not always known and believed it to be true.” Overwrought, I could hardly decipher her declaration. This time she tilted her head and lingered scant millimeters from my breathlessly parted lips. As she spoke, I felt her form the words, “You need only have asked, Jane, dearest.”
The air did not dissipate, and still Holmes remained. “I hope you are not aggrieved at my entertaining Inspector Gregson. He called whilst you were out and was most insistent on staying.”
“I am immensely indebted to you. Pray tell me in what way I can reward you. This ring—” He slipped an emerald snake ring from his finger and held it out upon the palm of his hand.
At one point when she sighed something dreadful, I innocently said, “Mightn’t you quiet, Ms. Holmes, I am engaged in reading.”
I carefully examined the writing, and the paper upon which it was written. While I could not always understand how she made such leaps of logic, I attempted in my small way to emulate her processes.
“Then in return, I ask that you speak plainly,” Holmes requested, “And answer why your warm regard seemed to flee after I brought you to Brixton Road.”
I had a few minutes after Holmes departed to prepare myself. Concealing my gloves in the same handbag holding the smoke rocket, I made a show of rubbing my hands. A young ostler noticed my act, and solicitously suggested I step into the inn. I replied that I was only on my own for a moment, and could I merely shelter in the stable? Not wishing to refuse a lady of 30 of unknown standing, the boy allowed it, and quickly left me to my own devices. The interior of the stable was warm with the animals’ heat and smelled strongly of fodder. I felt out of place, but not more so than I had in the music hall.
While I mitigated my grief by distancing myself from the criminal tribulations of London, there was no escaping the tragedy of Ronald Adair. The scandal and mystery of the deed stimulated all of proper society. For myself, although talk of crime left a sour note upon my tongue, there was a singular detail that drew me into the matter: that is the involvement of Colonel Sebastian Moran.
“But why?” I turned my incredulous gaze to the faint outline of my companion. “Why should you have need of a wax bust of my face?”
‘Theater’, I learned upon that hour, had been a misnomer. Holmes greatly enjoyed attending operas and concertos at Her Majesty's or the Royal Opera House, and I found myself enthralled by the music in her presence in ways I had not prior. Holmes consumed music down to her very soul, revealing her sensitive nature when at all other times she appeared impassible.
“This is a shock!” Though polished by Eton and Oxford grooming, Moran’s voice boomed against the club’s ebony wood walls. I raised my chin at his approach, and the supercilious way he tipped his hat. “Jane Harriet
I had imagined that we were bound for Baker Street, but Holmes stopped the cab at the corner of Cavendish Square. I observed that as she stepped out she gave a most searching glance to right and left, and at every subsequent street corner she took the utmost pains to assure that we were not followed. Our route was certainly a singular one. Holmes’ knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary, and on this occasion she passed rapidly, and with an assured step, through a network of mews and stables the very existence of which I had never known. We emerged at last into a small road, lined with old, gloomy houses, which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford Street. Here she turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through a wooden gate into a deserted yard.
—a bargain every one of them. With five volumes you could just fill that gap on that second shelf. It looks untidy, does it not, ma’am?”
“And now came the great question as to the reason why. Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Was it politics, then, as the constabulary presumed? Political assassins are only too glad to do their work and to fly. This murder had, on the contrary, been done most deliberately, and the perpetrator had left his tracks all over the room, showing that he had been there all the time. It must have been a private wrong, and not a political one, which called for such a methodical revenge. When the inscription was discovered upon the wall I was more inclined than ever to my opinion. The thing was too evidently a blind. When the ring was found, however, it settled the question. Clearly the murderer had used it to remind his victim of some dead or absent woman. It was at this point that I asked Gregson whether he had enquired in his telegram to Cleveland as to any particular point in Mr. Drebber’s former career. He answered, you remember, in the negative.
“You two ladies planning on staying long?” She asked, the thinly veiled query being of course, have you any prospects? To my shock, Ms. Holmes threw her arm around me with dramatic flair.
“There was not a doubt Colonel Moran had done it. He had played cards with the lad, Moran undoubtedly played foul and Adair threatened to expose him, he followed him home from the club, and shot him through the open window. The bullets alone are enough to put his head in a noose. It was unequivocal: I could come home.”
In what condition would she return, I wondered, if she was to at all. Would she reek of exotic perfume? Would her cheeks and shirt collar be smudged with rouge? Would I catch a small bruise upon some exposed flesh? No, these were signs reserved for kissing, I knew not what effect… I hesitate to write the word as much as I did think it then…
“That is excellent. I think, perhaps, it is almost time that I prepare for the new role I have to play.”
“I confess that you had one small surprise for me,” said Holmes. “I did not anticipate that you would yourself make use of this empty house and this convenient front window. I had imagined you as operating from the street, where my friend Lestrade and his merry men were awaiting you. With that exception, all has gone as I expected.”
“You’re a marvel,” I remarked, causing her to jolt with surprise, “Within a day you seem to understand more of my heart than anyone in the world.”
“That’s a strange thing,” remarked my companion, “You are the second woman today that has used that expression to me.”
Her extravagant regard brought back my shyness, and I shook my head fondly. “You have the photograph?” I inquired as to the task at hand.
“There I was stretched when you, my dear Watson, when you came upon the site and began investigating the circumstances of my death. I swear to you, as soon as I witnessed your anguish, your name was on my lips. It was only the tightest restraint that kept me from calling to you and giving up the ruse.”
“Watson,” I heard, though any more was forestalled by the entrance of our guest below. We schooled ourselves respectively, myself by smoothing my skirts and Holmes by drawing up haughtily. His Majesty stormed in, a black mask once again concealing his eyes and nose.
I was distracted by the mayhem I had knowingly caused and jumped when a hand slid into mine. Holmes appeared at my side with a murmur of, “Run,” and so we did. We gamboled pell-mell through side streets and mews that my companion navigated with ease. She slowed when the sounds of commotion were far beyond and took an abrupt turn to emerge onto a thoroughfare. She met my gaze, the both of us heaving for breath with windswept grins, and laughed brighter than the stars.
It was perhaps an hour later, after much musing and servicing of the revolver, that I’d collected my thoughts to know what must be done.
“And yet remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days. It must be where she can lay her hands upon it. And then there is the fact that a Prima donna of the Imperial Opera of Warsaw has no need to practice hours every day.”
I would not argue with her in French, so I quieted. At last Ms. Holmes appeared, and I gawked. She looked… Like many women I had noticed among the company of soldiers. She wore a broad feathered hat in a shade of mauve that matched her gown, the hem of which sloped behind her so that it exposed the front of her calves in their tattered stockings. Her waist was cinched tight to give her ample curves where heretofore I’d seen none. Her cheeks were overly rouged, so much so it gave her the appearance of a lifelong drinker in addition to one with heavy handed makeup. She tottered when she strut forward, her eyes sharp as ever upon me.
My heart stuttered as I stared at her for some seconds in utter amazement, and then it appears that I must have fainted. Certainly a grey mist swirled before my eyes, and when it cleared Holmes was bending over my chair, smelling salts in hand.
We discussed the details of seeing the flat, and parted, with me still wondering how she perceived the country of Afghanistan from a single handshake.
Three o’clock, seventeen minutes past, ante meridiem; that was when I heard the slightest creak from the downstairs. Holmes must have entered the building with utmost care to be so silent. Torn between the conflicting urge to run downstairs and to cower in bed, I remained paralyzed, hardly daring to breathe. The whisper of her bedroom door closing sounded blissful, like church bells, when I had feared her gone forever.
The words flew from Holmes like loosed doves out a cage. “Because I plan to seduce Ms. Adler tonight.”
“Then you shall pour my hot water in the morning,” retorted I, smiling in spite of the order, “When my knees refuse to transport me down the stairs.”
It was a later hour, with London well and truly awake and after Mrs. Hudson had delivered a much needed fresh pot, when my flatmate burst from her chambers. In her dressing gown and with her hair loosely plaited, and that manic gleam infusing her, it might have been any other morning. The incongruity of it spun my head.
I thought of my lounging and reading in the sitting room while she sat conducting experiments and remarked, “Is my company so desirous to you?”
“May I?” I asked, reaching for the paper. Upon a moment’s study of my outstretched hand, Ms. Holmes lazily acquiesced. I read the account, from an Inspector Gregson, of an American man murdered in an empty house, possessing all his valuables, with no clear wounds to account for the nearby blood and his deceased status. “My God,” I swore, “This is terrible. Surely there is no time to waste. Shall I call you a cab?”
This was a lofty chamber, lined and littered with countless bottles. Broad, low tables were scattered about, which bristled with retorts, test-tubes, and little Bunsen lamps, with their blue flickering flames. There was only one student in the room, who was bending over a distant table absorbed in his work. At the sound of our steps he glanced round and sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure.
As grateful as if the guillotine had cracked, I rushed up to do as she bade. I dressed in clean, bright white, and took care brushing and pinning up my mousy mess. My skirts seemed buoyant as I fluttered down the stairs, and found Holmes. While she was dressed, there were minuscule imperfections, and I found myself reaching hand outstretched to adjust her collar. I stayed my hand, chagrined, and turned away.
We never again mentioned that exchange, and although Irene’s photograph was placed reverently on our mantle, Holmes rarely brought her up in conversation. When she was mentioned, Holmes referred to her simply as “The Woman.”
While I had endured my marital bed, I was ignorant in the ways of pleasure. My flatmate, the ineffable Ms. Sherlock Holmes, inspired a stirring of the imagination, yet I could not conjure the means she might use in lovemaking. Love—nay, all emotions, I came to find, were abhorrent to her cold, precise but admirable balanced mind. She never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer. They were fine things for the observer—excellent for drawing the veil from men’s motives and actions. But for the trained reasoner to admit such intrusions into her own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was to introduce a distracting factor which might throw a doubt upon all her mental results. Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of her own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as hers.
Baker Street was a welcome balm to my unsettled nerves. Holmes had beaten me there, and I heard her buoyant tones conversing with Mrs. Hudson as I climbed the stairs to the study.
“Relax, dear Watson,” Holmes chided in a low aside as the audience hollered for the next act, “None shall importune you while I am here. You are perfectly safe. Ease into the role of an interested onlooker and follow my lead.” The latter, at least, I was well acquainted with.
“Oh, bless you, it doesn’t matter in the least. If the man is caught, it will be on account of their exertions; if he escapes, it will be in spite of their exertions. It’s heads I win and tails you lose. Whatever they do, they will have followers. ‘
A Colonel’s wife is a rarity in a military hospital, even when serving as a nurse, and I confess to receiving many curious visitors during my stay in Peshawar, none of them my husband. I was informed later that he was struck down with enteric fever during my convalescence. How peculiar, that a woman might take a bullet so close to her heart and survive, while a virile man of hearty stock could be felled by so common an ailment. Although I offered to stay on at the hospital as a nurse, I believe it was several of my late husband’s peers who decided that a grieving widow had no place on the battlefield. I was bundled up in black and dispatched in the troopship
I gave Mrs. Hudson explicit notice of my whereabouts before calling a cab to the Bagatelle club. In the entry room, I requested of the steward the presence of Colonel Moran, and waited, observing what glimpses I could gather. Given that one of their members had only recently been brutally murdered, they were in markedly good spirits.
“The papers name you as one of the last to see Ronald Adair before he was shot dead. I wished to know more of what transpired beforehand.”
“Then we shall consider the matter settled!” She clapped me on the shoulder with more force than any man would. Every mannerism seemed a conflicting picture of androgyny, which I gathered was her aim.
Following her methodical soliloquy, she paused to refill her pipe, adding over her shoulder, “You see the whole thing is a chain of logical sequences without a break or flaw.”
A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with a barrel for a chest and arms that would not be amiss on an ape. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended halfway up his calves, and which were trimmed at the tops with rich brown fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance. He carried a broad-brimmed hat in his hand, while he wore across the upper part of his face, extending down past the cheekbones, a black vizard mask, which he had apparently adjusted that very moment, for his hand was still raised to it as he entered.
“Excellent,” Holmes exclaimed in her endearing way, “You carried the thing out very well. Did you observe where the bullet went?”
“You see, but you do not observe,” She answered, with a playful smirk that belied her words, “The distinction is clear. For example, you have frequently seen the steps which lead up from the hall to this room.”
My companion flushed up with pleasure at my words, and the earnest way in which I uttered them. I had already observed that she was as sensitive to flattery on the score of her art as any other girl could be of her beauty. I had the urge then to make Ms. Holmes blush with my every utterance, if I could. It flattered her complexion, and were she to ever release her tightly pinned curls, I imagined no one could match her picture of femininity.
“The facts are briefly these: Some five years ago, during a lengthy visit to Warsaw, I made the acquaintance of the well-known adventuress, Irene Adler. The name is no doubt familiar to you.”
All at once, her pacing was abandoned, and I found Holmes a hand’s-breadth away from my face. Although we were not touching in any way, I was boxed in by her leaning on the armrests. Her breath rested sticky and smoky upon my mouth. I could discern flecks of silver and blue within her pale eyes.
“Oh yes, me and the other women who dared disobey convention.” In spite of her somewhat grim statement, her eyes twinkled as she settled herself in the opposing armchair, puffing like a steamboat on her pipe.
By the time I begged her divulge how she reached her deductions, we were both sipping glasses of brandy, our cheeks warmed by more than the fire.
“One April night when home returning, I saw him first,” The man sung in a crystal clear, dolce tenor, “Our glances met. His looks with fond affection burning, this beating heart can ne’er forget. And when he spoke in accent tender, with grace beyond the reach of art...”
“Well, if a man can stride four and a-half feet without the smallest effort, he can’t be quite in the sere and yellow. That was the breadth of a puddle on the garden walk which he had evidently walked across. Patent-leather boots had gone round, and Square-toes had hopped over. There is no mystery about it at all. It’s a simple matter applying to ordinary life a few precepts of observation and deduction. Is there anything else that puzzles you?”
“I can think of several purposes, my dear Watson. Tonight the use is quite mundane. We are drawing out a target that you so helpfully provoked.”
“It is marvelous,” I remarked in awe, “Were I not standing here beside you, I would swear that that was me, sitting by my window.”
“Ha, then if she’s half the detective she thinks she is, she’ll find out what we’ve done and give it up. If it isn’t too much trouble, ma’am, I’d rather like to stay and inform her when she gets back.”
In silence we stood together in the darkness and watched the hurrying figures who passed and re-passed in front of us. It was a bleak and boisterous night, and the wind whistled shrilly down the long street. Many people were moving to and fro, most of them muffled in their coats and cravats. I found my observations firmly directed on my companion rather than the street. Holmes was silent and motionless, but I could tell that she was keenly alert, and that her eyes were fixed intently upon the stream of passers-by. More than once she fidgeted with her feet and tapped rapidly with her fingers upon the wall. It was evident to me that she was becoming uneasy and that her plans were not working out altogether as she had hoped.
“A woman in the chemical laboratory up in the hospital. She was bemoaning to all and sundry how a woman is not expected to live on her own, yet she should not like to pass up these nice rooms she’d come across.”
“Yes?” A diminutive girl in a maid’s outfit met us. As she recognized Holmes, she dropped her gaze and curtsied. “I was cleaning, ma’am, no one told us we weren’t meant to clean.”
I heard Ms. Holmes clear her throat. “I can understand. There is a mystery about this which stimulates the imagination; where there is no imagination there is no horror. I do hope you get some rest, my dear Mrs. Watson.”
And they were, I realized then, feminine features. An easy mistake when gazing upon her from the back, for she was clad in a tailored suit, complete with a waistcoat with a delicate chain. Her wardrobe was masculine to every detail, down to her polished shoes, and yet it dipped above her hips as no man’s does. She wore only traces of makeup, arching her brow and lightening her cheeks. Her bright eyes, rather hawkish to suit her nose, needed no accentuation. Her raven hair was tightly coiled and pinned, yet I imagined that if free it would fall down her back.
My flatmate did know how to appeal to my curiosity. The note was undated, and without either signature or address, and I scanned it eagerly. It said:
When I would return to the flat, eager to bathe, I so often found myself heaving for breath from some concoction gone wrong. In my frequent absence Holmes alternated between a fierce dive into her chemical experiments and the drowsiness of cocaine. I should so much rather prefer the former, and my disapproval was noted, yet I contented myself that she did not mix her passions.
I summarized for our client’s benefit, “Holmes means to say she has bribed the staff. Your reputation is quite safe.”
Holmes retorted, “Truly, Your Majesty. I am well aware, you hired me not only for my pristine reputation, but to claim plausible deniability should I bungle the matter. No one would believe the word of a woman, let alone the epithets your people could pile upon me, isn’t that right?” The King sputtered, and I coughed into my hand, thinking unkindly of him. “There is no reason you should deny it, I accept these risks as a cost of doing business. I tell you this now to assure you: no one shall look at you twice. Using your generous funds, I have employed the workers inside for the day, and impressed upon them the virtue of discretion.”
“Let me see—what are my other shortcomings? I get in the dumps at times, and don’t open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just let me alone, and I’ll soon be right. What have you to confess now? It’s just as well we ought to know the worst of one another before we aim to live together.”
“Come in!” called Holmes, leaning back in her chair. She set aside her pipe so as to steeple her fingers, aware of the powerful effect her posture had on the unsuspecting.
“How did you know it was Afghanistan?” I asked in astonishment. I was quite aware of my burnt complexion and thinness, though Stamford had seen fit to omit it.
“Then you’ve been warned of me,” She said, “And yet by your behavior, I would have expected it sooner. Had you made a hypothesis, and Gregson merely confirmed it?”
An eternity later and far too quick, Holmes emerged, a new outfit on, though her tie was off-kilter. She wore a hat braced for rain. She glanced at me, and I could hear the words she’d say on any other night:
“On the contrary, my dear madame,” cried the King, “Nothing could be more successful. I know that her word is inviolate. The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire.”
“I have not introduced you yet,” said Holmes grandly, reveling in her status as ringmaster once again. “This, Inspectors, is Colonel Sebastian Moran, once of Her Majesty’s Indian Army, and the best heavy game shot that our Eastern Empire has ever produced. I believe I am correct, Colonel, in saying that your bag of tigers still remains unrivaled?”
“Not at all, Miss,” Mrs. Hudson demurred, “It is a relief to know such friendships exist as this. If I had not had my sister when my—”
The disappearance of my flatmate, friend, and love, the late Sherlock Holmes, had left me floating bereft through life. There was no one in my life, save the understanding Mrs. Hudson, to note my return to mourning wear, but I felt the devotion in the black garb in the three years following her death that I failed to emulate in the passing of my husband.
“The writing on the wall was done with a man’s forefinger dipped in blood. My glass allowed me to observe that the plaster was slightly scratched in doing it, which would not have been the case if the man’s nail had been trimmed. I gathered up some scattered ash from the floor. It was dark in colour and flakey—such an ash as is only made by a Trichinopoly. I have made a special study of cigar ashes—in fact, I have written a monograph upon the subject. I flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any known brand, either of cigar or of tobacco. It is just in such details that the skilled detective differs from the Gregson and Lestrade type.”
“You never were in it?” This, at last, was the crack in my joy. Gone were the half-formed dreams of an addled Holmes residing in some Bernese hospice, separated not by that grim veil, nor
“Yes, if you have nothing better to do.” She knew, of course, that I hadn’t. A minute later we were both in a hansom, driving furiously for the Brixton Road. My hands were clasped, for fear of shaking, and giving away to my brilliant companion just how eager and fearful I was.
But suddenly I was aware of that which her keener senses had already distinguished. A low, stealthy sound came to my ears, not from the direction of Baker Street, but from the back of the very house in which we lay concealed. The unlocked door opened and shut. An instant later steps crept down the passage—steps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the empty house
I too was in my thin nightgown, but I was too relieved not to be met with last night’s rancor to take offense. “He is coming here?” The pieces came together abrupt. I mustered a smile. “You are to present him with the photograph, of course, how… wonderful.”
I was so flabbergasted, I proceeded to gape helplessly as she crossed the room. She scowled at the overcoat she’d carelessly dropped, muttering curses at the Inspector that he surely didn’t deserve. At last she’d donned her own outerwear, scooped up the offending article, and fled the flat, all while I stared dumbly on.
Ms. Holmes emitted a scoff. “I may as well ask you how you figure two and two makes four. Let me see… It was evident that you had just come from the tropics, for that is not the natural tint of your skin. You have a haggard face which indicates you’ve seen hardship outside of a parlor room. You were at ease in a hospital laboratory, and inspected the vial of blood I held without flinching, so you had medical experience of a kind. You hold your left arm in a stiff and unnatural manner. Therefore the question became, where in the tropics could an English woman have seen much hardship, become immunized to the sight of blood, and got her arm wounded? Clearly in Afghanistan.”
“I’m not the one wasting His Majesty’s time hoping my flatmate will retire to bed so I might sneak out alone.”
“Don’t,” My flatmate shook her head, tension in those little tendons, “Watson, let’s neither of us say anything more tonight.” I watched, frozen, as she took a halting step back, then strode off for her room. I listened as she moved, jostling, noises I couldn’t interpret, that my dread insisted were of her packing a suitcase to depart for good. My legs shook, and I could not say what kept me standing upright, when my soul had seemed to melt through the floor to Hell itself.
“To begin at the beginning, I approached the house, as you know, on foot, and with my mind entirely free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the roadway, and there, as I have already explained to you, I saw clearly the marks of a cab, which, I ascertained by inquiry, must have been there during the night. I satisfied myself that it was a cab and not a private carriage by the narrow gauge of the wheels. The ordinary London growler is considerably less wide than a gentleman’s brougham.
“I had already determined in my own mind that the man who had walked into the house with Drebber, was none other than the man who had driven the cab. The marks in the road showed me that the horse had wandered on in a way which would have been impossible had there been anyone in charge of it. Where, then, could the driver be, unless he were inside the house? Again, it is absurd to suppose that any sane man would carry out a deliberate crime under the very eyes, as it were, of a third person, who was sure to betray him. Lastly, supposing one man wished to dog another through London, what better means could he adopt than to turn cabdriver. All these considerations led me to the irresistible conclusion that Jefferson Hope was to be found among the jarveys of the Metropolis.
“Yes, exactly! And the writer of our note is a German. Do you note the peculiar construction of the sentence—‘This account of you we have from all quarters received.’ A Frenchman or Russian could not have written that. It is the German who is so uncourteous to his verbs. It only remains, therefore, to discover what is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and prefers wearing a mask to showing his face. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts.”
“Truly, Ms. Holmes!” The King protested upon seeing our destination. I could understand his concern: a royal known to enter a low establishment such as this would be a minor scandal in and of itself.
“I biffed him under the chin and slipped through his grip,” said Holmes, reducing the encounter to a few insubstantial words. “With a horrible scream, he kicked madly for a few seconds and clawed the air with both his hands. But for all his efforts he could not get his balance, and over he went. With my face over the brink I saw him fall for a long way. Then he struck a rock, bounced off, and splashed into the water.”
“You got out quick from Maiwand, thank heavens.” His braggadocio remained evident as he looked down upon me with false sympathy. “Terrible business that, I'm fairly sure it was the stress of the thing that drove your husband into the fever. He had a faithful service, you know, even while we weren’t certain if you’d be joining him.”
“My whole life, I have been… flotsam. Crisis after crisis, I have done my best to keep my head above water. You, Holmes, you are like a captain at the prow of his ship. Nevermind the drinking, smoking, and any other vices, and nevermind your faults, though they are many. You are
I did not tell her of my childhood, ambitions crushed for the sake of my errant brother, the absence of my father, the decline of my mother, the evocations attempted and discarded, the meeting of my Army Major, his eventual disdain for my company, the hopelessness of trying to stem the tide of war with stitches in a dead man’s leg, of my solitary boat ride back to a home that had no use for me... I did not say any of this because I believe she’d already surmised it all.
Forgoing Holmes entirely, I threw the rocket into a pile of damp straw. Instantly the fodder began to smoke and I cried, “Fire!” The poor stable hand who had sheltered me came running, flapping his hands, and I hurried off down the alley. Behind me I heard my alarm echoed by other well meaning bystanders, and the smell of flame overpowered the dung.
So I conceded, “When you like and where you like.” My declaration produced a fluttering of eyelashes from Holmes.
“Never mind him. I may want your help, and so may he. Here he comes. Sit down in that armchair, Watson, and give us your best attention.” Obediently I did as I was told, wondering as ever at her insistence.
With sudden vigor she pushed out of the armchair and began to pace the well-trod path along the carpet.
“Two bits for a bob, love?” She asked in a slurring Cockney drawl. My voice remained absent, and she cackled. Yet when she addressed me again it was with Ms. Holmes’ composure. “Whores are the great invisible, my dear Watson. The respectable eye skates over them, and yet they can be found on any street corner without raising a brow. It is one of my most favored disguises.”
Holmes rose, slowly, unfolding herself quite like a panther in her grace, and crossed before our hearth towards me. I imagined she would loom over me, as was once her wont. Instead, with a slight hitch of her trouser legs, Sherlock Holmes knelt at my feet.
She did not shy away, but reacted as though granted a great boon. “For your forgiveness, I would take any debasement you wished.” Her hand rose to delicately caress my cheek. “Though your noble heart could never abide it.”
“All told,” Holmes sniffed, quarter-turning away from me when I did not respond, “You are more her type than myself. It has been so long since I last played the ingénue. Let me see, how would you do it...” She tapped her lips with exaggerated revelation. Clasping her hands to her breast, and adopting a high pitch that nonetheless evoked my cadence, Holmes simpered, “‘Lick you where, dearest one? Good God and Heavens above, whatever for?’”
“You have all the subterfuge of those infants you drag out screaming,” Holmes spat, her brows drawn so they touched above her hawkish beak.
Her sudden vagueness was not lost on me. Deciding I’d reached my limit of propriety, I removed the pins holding my hair so that I might rub at my weary scalp. Emotions battered me from all fronts, culminating in the beginnings of a headache.
“Five attempts have been made. Twice burglars in my pay ransacked her house. Once we diverted her luggage when she travelled. Twice she has been waylaid. There has been no result.”
“I shall open the door in a moment,” I stalled, “Please have your credentials ready.” I did as I said, and on the other side stood a tall, white-faced, flaxen-haired man. I vaguely recognized him from the Brixton crime scene, but nevertheless inspected his documents. Satisfied, I allowed him in and showed him to a chair.
“Oy!” Lestrade clapped the back of Moran’s head enough for him to duck. “You’ll not besmirch our Ms. Holmes in such a vulgar fashion.” My friend, I noted, looked subtly touched. Looking up, Lestrade said, “Nothing further you have to say, Ms. Holmes, before we go?”
But before John could reach him, two large hands were clenching his arms in a bone-crushing grip, holding him back from a now-smirking consulting criminal.
Sherlock watched as John looked down bashfully and began to shift his weight back and forth between his shuffling feet. “And I was hoping … I mean if you’re available,” John stammered, “I- I know you don’t really like that sort of thing. But, um, I was thinking maybe you’d like to go … with … me?” The sentence turned from a statement to a question in a matter of seconds as John raised his face to look expectantly at his friend.
Sherlock’s breathing was scattered at best as he allowed himself to take in the magnificent man before him. He worked the lube in his own hand so that it was coating his fingers then leaned down and placed the tip of his index finger at John’s entrance. He caressed the opening then pushed in to the first knuckle. John felt a slight burning and sucked in a breath but continued to look at Sherlock through heavy eyelids. Sherlock prodded one finger, then eventually two, then three, gently stretching John’s opening wider and wider. As his fingers continued to work on his lover, Sherlock couldn’t help himself and bent down to take a lick of John’s cock.
Moriarty snickered centimeters away from John’s face, “I always like to provide proper incentives.” He then turned and walked toward the kneeling detective. “Don’t I, Sherlock?”
Mycroft allowed the doctor his rant and when he was for the most part certain that it had come to its inevitable conclusion, he spoke.
“It’s nothing,” Sherlock sighed sadly as he slowly pushed himself up off the surface of the roof. But before he could turn completely toward the stairwell, John’s hand grabbed Sherlock’s forearm, and Sherlock was forced to face his flatmate.
John stood there, staring at Mycroft, and suddenly felt extremely embarrassed for his toddler-like outburst.
And although Sherlock chose to whine and complain in the days leading up to the awards ceremony, he had to admit, his ensemble did look smart and he secretly hoped the doctor would be pleased. This thought brought him back to a group of perplexing items in John’s wing of Sherlock’s mind palace.
John’s response would have made Pavlov proud. His lust-filled eyes lowered as his hips bucked slightly upward and he slowly drawled out, “I … want you … inside me.”
As the detective made his way into the sitting room he observed that their flat was completely filled with slightly inebriated guests—family and friends—gorging themselves on delicious food and celebrating loudly with conversation and laughter. He was greeted by shouts of “It’s about time,” “Oh Sherlock, you decided to join us,” and the like.
“Then your return to London,” I surmised aloud, “Was precipitated by the death of Ronald Adair. The news reached you abroad and you recognized his name, Moran’s, I mean.”
“Not at all. The ‘G’ with the small ‘t’ stands for ‘Gesellschaft,’ which is the German for ‘Company.’ It is a customary contraction like our ‘Co.’ ‘P,’ of course, stands for ‘Papier.’ Now for the ‘Eg.’ Let us glance at our Continental Gazetteer.”
“And when I raise my hand—so—you will throw towards that straw-pile what I give you to throw, and will, at the same time, raise the cry of fire. You quite follow me?”
“Peculiar—that is the very word,” said Holmes. “It is not an English paper at all. Hold it up to the light.”
It took her a moment of silent contemplation and smoking, and then she graced me with the most entrancing tale. There was thwarted love, and God, and greed, and revenge. There was a man who tracked his lover’s wrongdoers across the Atlantic and took a job as a cabbie to hunt them. There was the impending reaper ushering him forward recklessly. There was a ring, a lost keepsake, and this beautiful and brilliant detective who found it, who found everything out.
“There is nothing like first hand evidence,” She remarked, tugging off her black leather gloves. “As a matter of fact, my mind is entirely made up upon the case, but still we may as well learn all that is to be learned.”
Our prisoner was breathing hard, with a stalwart constable on each side of him. At last I was able to have a proper look at him. It was a tremendously virile and yet sinister face which was turned towards us, twisted in hatred and amazement in equal measure, as his cruel blue eyes flitted from Holmes’ face to mine. It was as my friend predicted, and I had denied: Colonel Sebastian Moran.
“From their lightness and transparency, I should imagine that they are soluble in water,” I remarked.
Again, I rose to go, but Holmes lunged and caught me by the wrist. “It is both, or none,” said she with steely resolve. “You may say before this woman anything which you may say to me.”
“Oh, then we have three days yet,” said Holmes with a yawn. “That is very fortunate, as I have one or two matters of importance to look into just at present. Your Majesty will, of course, stay in London for the present?”
“Naturally. Three undetected murders in one year, truly, Lestrade?” Holmes chided out of habit, and as the inspector’s jovial demeanor dropped, she uncharacteristically seemed to note her lack of tact. “But you handled the Molesey Mystery with less than your usual—that’s to say, you handled it fairly well.”
, and landed a month later on Portsmouth jetty. There I stood, a widow possessing nothing more than a military stipend, in a land with neither kith nor kin.
The Count sagged his broad shoulders. “Then I must begin,” said he, “by binding you both to absolute secrecy for two years; at the end of that time the matter will be of no importance. At present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history.”
“Ah then I felt I must surrender to him at once my maiden heart.” The man loosened his collar as he hit a high cadenza. A man in the back whistled, as he popped open a button, then two. I flushed so fiercely I felt aflame. “Pardon dearest lover, if in vain I strove,” The singer pulled off his gloves, revealing delicate slender fingers, “For indeed I’d rather die than lose your love,” The top hat was gone in a flourish, “This confession bringing blushes to my cheek,” The black jacket slid gently off his shoulders with a coy shrug, “Sweeter than all singing is to hear him speak.”
For men such as my husband, who quickly rose to the rank of Colonel, war is something to be celebrated and commended for their handling of in tents and parlor rooms. For myself, it brought nothing but the unfortunate souls bleeding out from beneath my hands. I will never be sure whether it was ignorance or disregard that allowed my husband to send me out with the surgeons during the fatal battle of Maiwand. There I was struck on the shoulder by a Jezail bullet, which shattered the bone and grazed the subclavian artery. So many perished that day, as I might have if not for an orderly who threw me across a pack-horse, and succeeded in bringing me safely to the British lines.
“Precisely so!” She whirled around toward her chemistry equipment, yet was arrested by the sight of our visitor. “Inspector Gregson, how fortuitous. I believe you and Lestrade have some comparing of notes to do.” Ms. Holmes had so enraptured me, that I realized with a start that behind her trailed the other Inspector, sans coat.
“You slept through my early departure from 221B,” She remarked, “And so missed commenting on my costume. I sold eel pies to the hands at that inn, and discovered that nearly all of the performers of this hall enjoy discounted rooms for dressing and practice. Our quarry is one of these tenants. She lives quietly, seldom goes out, except when she sings, so say the ostlers. They also claim that, off the stage, she is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. Now the question is, where are we to find the photograph?”
I rubbed at my ‘haggard face’ self-consciously. “Alright. I was a nurse in Afghanistan. How did you deduce my husband was an army man who died abroad?”
My foolishness was catching up to me, exasperating my shame. Holmes had made me no promises and, more so, she had told me no lies. It was girlish stupidity that had caused me to hope that if she went looking for love, she would find it closer to home.
“I then proceeded to make a careful examination of the room, which confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer’s height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Trichinopoly cigar and the length of his nails. I had already come to the conclusion, since there were no signs of a struggle, that the blood which covered the floor had burst from the murderer’s nose in his excitement. I could perceive that the track of blood coincided with the track of his feet. It is seldom that a healthy man, unless he is very full-blooded, breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion that the criminal was probably a robust and ruddy-faced man. Events proved that I had judged correctly.
“Extracting it myself proved impossible,” Holmes informed him, brooking no argument, “Yet I assure Your Majesty that it is as good as yours. If there are no objections to setting out immediately?”
In a second, several things blurred together: Holmes reeled back, touching her jaw, and my palm smarted. As if in a trance, the both of us looked from my red right hand to meet each other’s shocked gaze.
Holmes stayed me with a gentle touch to my shoulder, turning me to face her. Bystanders brushed by us, but as is the way of a city, paid us no mind. Although she clutched Irene’s photograph to her side, Holmes afforded me her full attention. Without a word, her lips pulled up, and she touched two fingers to my cheek. All of the world righted itself; with that one gesture I knew I was forgiven.
“Holmes!” I cried. “Is it really you? After three dreadful years? Can it indeed be that you are alive?”
“Mm, yes,” She moved to the hanging slipper containing tobacco, and lit her favored clay pipe. “Most of the time it’s through talk, as I’m the most incurably lazy devil. When the urge strikes I have been known to go out and put in some legwork, as it were. Certainly, one cannot rely upon Inspector Lestrade to gather all relevant data.”
I persisted. “Should she be in need of a person to go halves in a flat, I don't see her eccentricities to be a barrier, so long as she’s a woman of reason.”
Out her beakish nose came a derisive snort. “You withdrew,” She accused simply, and strode across the room. I inhaled sharply at her approach, but she veered left towards her rooms. Once safely out of sight, Holmes raised her voice, continuing to explain as she changed clothes. “I attributed it at first to your health, though that proved erroneous. No, your interest in accompanying me—Nay,” She barked, “Your interest in my work full stop, waned at once. I planned to ignore it, so we might continue on amicably, until now when I see plainly…” There was an extended moment filled with only the rustling of fabric.
“Pardon dearest lover, if in vain I strove, for indeed I’d rather die than lose your love,” Irene sang, letting her voice rise to its highest octave, and for that instant it was not a comical farce or bawdy show, but a truly heartfelt entreaty that caught every breath in the house. “This confession bringing blushes to my cheek, sweeter than all singing is to hear him speak!”
“Not so much, Watson. You are, as I have said, an impeccable judge of character and braver than you acknowledge. For a man to trouble your gentle soul, he must be rotten to his core, and therefore a perfect target for Moriarty to acquire.”
“I am to remain neutral, to get in the stable, to watch for you, and at the signal to throw this object, then to raise the cry of fire, and to await you at the corner of the street.”
Her dismissal was clear, and the King floundered for a moment. He bowed from the waist at Holmes, and then repeated the gesture to me, and turned to flounce from our rooms with dramatics rivaled only by my friend. We waited in mutual agreement until the wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street.
And then, as one o’clock ticked on, and two, I took down the clock. I ventured to the stairs but sat upon the steps rather than descended. Cradling the clock in my lap as a child might a beloved doll, I let the time slip by.
It tempted me, but I recalled my position. “I’m afraid I’d be of more use here, collecting any missives that come for you.”
I was resting fitfully on the settee when Ms. Holmes returned with a slam of the door and flair of her coattails. “Do you recall the words of Darwin on music?” She asked without pause in divesting her coat. A glance at the clock told me it was later than the concert alone would have taken her. “He claims that the power of producing and appreciating it existed among the human race long before the power of speech was arrived at. Perhaps that is why we are so subtly influenced by it. There are vague memories in our souls of those misty centuries when the world was in its childhood.”
A look at the clock informed me it was twenty to eight o’clock. Amid the London din, there came the sharp sound of horses’ hoofs and grating wheels against the curb, followed by a sharp pull at the bell.
“Having left the house, I proceeded to do what Gregson had neglected. I telegraphed to the head of the police at Cleveland, limiting my enquiry to the circumstances connected with the marriage of Enoch Drebber. The answer was conclusive. It told me that Drebber had already applied for the protection of the law against an old rival in love, named Jefferson Hope, and that this same Hope was at present in Europe. I knew now that I held the clue to the mystery in my hand, and all that remained was to secure the murderer.
As soon as he finished the vial she spoke quietly to him, “I need to examine the boy. I can do things to buy you a bit of time, but if you are to live I have to start with him” she rested her hand on his brow, and felt his wrist before moving over to the boy.
“He is Sherlock; the execution is the day after tomorrow, if you would care to witness it. I will NOT be in attendance for that. It was hard enough sitting next to Caesar when he sentenced John to death; I will not be there to watch his life’s blood be spilled as ‘entertainment’ for the nobility” Mycroft internally cursed the names of the nobles that had forced Caesar’s hand, he would never speak the words, but he would beg Pater Jupiter to punish their treachery
“Why does this happen?” the woman asked Molli “why would the gods take one so new? Do they not know how much we value them here? Why are the Gods so cruel to us, even when we are faithful to them” she stroked her son’s skin, the child barely moved, his body too weak to hold his eyes up. He looked like he was sleeping peacefully, but both women could see the battle being waged inside his tiny body
The day of the wedding dawned unremarkable. She hadn't been home so she had to send John to tend to her patients. She received regular reports, and everyone knew why she wasn't at home. Apparently the marriage of a daughter of Caesar even if it was one adopted by Caesar, was a big deal to everyone.  Molli stood by the window staring out into the courtyard, where the festivities would take place, after the ceremony. As the slave girls oiled her body in perfumes and creams, they cooed over her speaking about something, Molli wasn't paying attention.
He frowned in concern at the sound of the man’s voice. Mycroft never let emotion show, but now there was a tone of bitter sadness “What can I do my friend” Caesar asked “to take the weight you carry from your shoulders?”
He watched John not missing the moment when he stiffened, as Sherlock stroked himself “Are you still okay?” he asked the Omega “i can do this in a different room”
Mycroft laid a gentle hand over his brother’s, “in this he cannot, I am sorry Sherlock but, even He cannot. John killed a roman citizen” he explained softly
“Thank you my friends” the priest told the pair “I have new initiates that need to be trained, and kept from mischief. I will speak with you at a later time, as it appears you have words for our god”
The gods must have found favor with the pair as they made it to Caesar’s room without incident. They opened the door to Caesar’s room, and Molli walked in quickly looking around and taking stock of the situation.  Mycroft sat near the bed watching every move she made “I need water quickly” she snapped at the guard that accompanied her, as she opened her bag and started pulling out bottles and vials.
“I think that the gods do take a kindness to us, the wasting never happens to the first born. They give us one and take another. Please believe that if I cannot save him, it is because the gods took him in kindness. That they took him spare him a pain, or torment that they deemed too great for a human to bear. Please trust them, to know what they want with this world, even if we don’t” the sadness in Molli’s eyes told the other woman that she was trying to convince both of them. She saw the pair to a room in the back of the house “please rest, I know you won’t sleep but you should at least rest, and you will be more comfortable in here. I will send a slave to see to your needs”
Sherlock guided him carefully down the hall,  towels thrown over his shoulder.  He stepped back and allowed John to take the lead  into the bedroom. Watching the way the man he loved looked so small and so broken, Sherlock wished there was more he could do to the bastard that hurt him. He carefully approached the bed, intent on doing anything John needed him to. He had to keep a brave face for John.
Sherlock startled at hearing that, wiping his face and taking in everything about Mycroft’s bearing.
As she spoke the pieces of a puzzle he had been trying to figure out for weeks settled into place “Herbs that simulate illness!” he exclaimed excitedly “of course, why didn't I think of that. Quickly,” he turned to her “which herbs would cause blood to run from the eyes, and ears, as with the bleeding fever”
John was worried when the boy came to the door, and spoke his message. He knew that any risk to Molli was minimal at best but he couldn’t help but be concerned about what machinations she would find herself embroiled in. “Martha” he said quietly “it looks like we are going to the palace”
John stood and lowered Mycroft gently onto the bed behind them. Mycroft reached out and pulled his friend and lover into his arms. Stripping off the other man's clothes to touch as much skin as possible he stroked every inch of flesh bared to him, his fingers traced hard muscle. He reached down to the hardness between the other man's legs. Stroking the firm flesh the way he remembered the other man liked. His eyes closing in pleasure from his own release and the sensual enjoyment of touching the body of a man he cares for. His  fingers stroked lightly, almost teasing as he reacquainted himself with the body he so treasured. His strokes took on more force and more speed as John gasped in pleasure, holding the other man close to him as his hand worked over his firm flesh, he claimed John's lips just as his orgasm crashed over him.
Mycroft smiled politely, but it never reached his eyes, “my emperor is too kind to me, that he should concern himself with my welfare”
“If I can transfuse enough safe blood into him quickly and keep doing so every other day for the fortnight, he may yet survive” Molli told him
“not alone, no, but in combination they can, and this says the victim was with child, those are the herbs most often used to poison the child. It is easy for them to be administered incorrectly and kill the mother” she replied calmly handing him back the notes. “if I had seen the body I could find out exactly what was used, but .. “ she let the sentence trail off.
“I never wanted a wife, to simper after my every word, and demand my attention, when there are puzzles to be solved. One to ask me inane questions like 'should I place this vase here, or there'” Sherlock imitated a simper at that.
As the slave left Anthea guided Molli to the large bed, she slipped the tunic and robes from the girl’s slight frame, and handed them to the other slave with instructions to have them cleaned, and that none were to disturb the sleeping healer until they were called. The slave nodded making a sign of wording over the young woman that was about to fall asleep on her feet. Apparently the news that she had saved the young princess’s life had gotten around. If only they knew the true extent of what this brilliant woman had done for the empire. Anthea thought, as she helped the naked woman into bed, she coaxed her onto her stomach and reached for the body oil she had laid out next to the bed. She luxuriated in the feel of soft skin and firm muscle as she stroked the knots and pains away with clever hands, she had to restrain herself from doing more until after the girl had slept.
“You have witnesses, Sherlock” Donovan assured “right now, you need to do whatever he needs you to do. John, it will be okay, and it will get better but you are going to have to tell him exactly what you need from him. I know how hard it is going to be to tell him what you think he isn’t going to want to hear, but you have to trust him”
He smiled in spite of the tension; she really was the perfect wife. Even if he ever preferred the forms of men, he did his duty to his Empire and Emperor, by wedding a woman, as the example set by the great Juno and Jupiter. Even still, he could see how fortunate he was in her. She was an attractive woman in her own right, with a sharp wit, and clever tongue that served a perfect counterpoint to her gentle presence. She was one of the few people men or women that he trusted; more than trusted, he respected her. She was brilliant, and soft, and wise, braver than any man he had known and loyal almost to a fault. He often wondered if she wasn’t born of the Gods.
Molli woke completely as soon as her eyes opened, Anthea was surprised that there was no confusion as to where she was or why she was there. Anthea reached over and stroked the healer’s hair and down the back of her neck. Trailing her finger tips softly along the other woman’s body, she smiled as she brushed her lips across Molli’s neck and shoulder. Molli sighed in pleasure as Anthea teased her to excitement. “You beautiful, brilliant woman, the gods have given us a marvel in you” Anthea whispered into the girl’s ear as she breached her body with a single finger. Simply exploring the exquisite body under her, touching every curve and joint, varying pressure to learn what made the other woman moan in pleasure. She slipped her finger back out and brushed it over the sensitive bud her other hand reaching around and teasing at Molli’s nipple. Hearing Molli gasp and feeling her squirm under her was exquisite torture. She pulled away entirely and pulled Molli onto her back, before pulling Molli’s legs over her shoulders and taking her prize with her tongue and breaching her body aging with her fingers. Mollli’s climax washed over both women as her entire body shook with the power of her orgasm. Anthea stroked Molli’s calf gently to bring her back down from it before diving in again, this time Molli pulled the other woman onto the bed and put her knowledge of the human body to good use as she kissed, sucked, licked, and even bit a few times herself, bringing Anthea to a crashing climax, enjoying the glow of physical intimacy, as well as the satisfaction of bringing her lover such pleasure.
A man stepped up beside John. John looked into a handsome and familiar face. He could smell the Alpha pheromones, not at all unpleasant. “Can I buy you another drink” the man said “anyone that has to put up with one of us alphas, deserves a round or two, and since your Alpha isn’t here to buys yours, let me make it up to you” the man had an easy smile and he was particularly handsome. If John hadn’t been bonded to the Great Consulting Prat, he could already imagine taking this Alpha home, especially as his heat was due to start in a couple days. He smiled and gave the other man some room to sit with him. They spent the next hour talking about everything under the sun. anything John wanted to talk about, and the Alpha agreed with him on almost everything. John was amazed at how charming the Alpha was but there seemed to be something he was forgetting. By the time the pub started filling up John was far more drunk than he remembered ever being. talking to the alpha, (Ethan, Evan, Edward, some E name, john could never remember) his glass always seemed to be full even if he didn’t remember ordering anything, but he was talking to someone he knew, if only in passing, so he felt safe enough to drink.
John frowned “i know, I just don't know how to explain it. I am nervous about watching you, but I need you here.”
John felt himself being lifted gently out of the car and taken into a warm house, there was something wrong but he was too tired to try to work it out. He felt strong hands lifting his jumper off of his chest, and unbuttoning his shirt, before working on his trousers. He was glad Sherlock wasn't mad at him for drinking, the way he sometimes got, especially if  he got called for a case while john was drunk and had to leave him behind to sleep it off.  A few moments later and blackness took him; he didn’t remember anything after that.
When he had company, to seduce a man that caught his eye, she would often entertain their wives with such skill that the women were as thrilled as their husbands to attend upon his home again. Though recently she hasn’t needed to as his Praetorian Guard's wife is unwilling to join her husband on his visits to the noble’s home. He knew that it was because she had her own lovers, and was wondering how they were going to react to finding out about each other, he would almost be willing to sell seats at the coliseum for that show. That thought, would normally cheer him, today it filled him with pain. Knowing that John would be executed in the coliseum so soon, caused him an ache that would take a long time to heal, if it ever did. He vowed to himself that he would not blame his brother for John’s death, John made his decision. He followed Sherlock as he always did, in body, in mind and in spirit, as he had always done, that this time it ended in the death of a Roman citizen, was as much John’s fault as Sherlock’s.
John stood still not knowing what he should do, when he felt an arm  wrap around his waist, and soft lips press against his neck. “I never dreamed I would be able to do this again” Mycroft whispered into his ear  his breath hot against John's skin “if you wish me to stop say the word, but I have longed to touch you again. Your mistress will be compensated for the time I spend with you”
Molli giggled lightly “forgive the irreverence, but he looks more like he has given child, than anyone at this moment.” She knew that the strain and fatigue were affecting her, but she couldn’t stop herself, as she leaned against the wall to hold herself up.
He would have to think of something to do for Anthea to thank her for everything she has done for him. He nodded, knowing that she had already sent for a travel meal and sandals. He stood silently, and kissed her on the cheek, to take his leave
Sherlock slipped back into the bed beside his lover, his friend, his bond-mate, his husband. The man that quickly became the most important person in his world. He stayed where John could see him, projecting every movement and preparing himself for any rejection he would receive. He dreaded feeling the rejection that he knew would eventually come, he knew that at some point John would turn away from him, and he didn't know how he would handle that. He knew he would do whatever his lover needed him to do, but he also knew that it would likely break him, his heart was far more vulnerable than it had ever been before and he didn't know what t do with the uncertainty
Michael’s literal translation in Hebrew “who is like unto God” couldn’t resist adding Stamford that way
A few minutes later and Lestrade got a text from a blocked number, with GPS coordinates Sherlock threw the door open and shouted “we found him”
The empress laughed openly “he does, doesn’t he. He would likely find that thought humorous himself, were he awake enough to hear it”
John was sitting at the pub nursing a drink. He still couldn’t figure out why Sherlock still didn’t seem to understand why he would get upset over things like body parts in the fridge. This was their most common fight. He sat lamenting the current crisis. "honestly how many left feet did the man need, and would it kill him to properly clean up after his experiments?" he complained. The bar tender was probably used to listening to him bemoan body parts in all corners of the flat, but he still listened cheerfully.
John suddenly forgot about his own nervousness and only wished to quell Sherlock’s. He reached up, and placed his free hand on his partner’s cheek, giving Sherlock a confident, tight-lipped smile. Sherlock’s shoulders visibly released and he pulled John’s waist forward so that the two of them were chest to chest.
Although Sherlock did his best to maintain his composure, his thoughts were like a jumbled pot of beef stew.
The moment he had thought about, dreamed about, tucked away on several occasions, tried to delete, buried and finally resurrected. There was only one difference between the dream in Sherlock’s mind and the reality of the current situation.
In true Mycroft fashion, sans the eye roll, the gentleman answered unaffectedly, “After what just happened, John, do you really believe I could face my brother without giving him absolute certainty that I personally saw to you safely being escorted back to Baker Street? The man is probably prowling like a caged animal as we speak.”
John smirked and continued, “Yes.” He wasn’t going to offer additional information and let Sherlock off-the-hook that easily, especially since John knew the detective had most likely read the letter.
Sherlock’s facial expression went from astonished to affronted. “The internet can be very useful, John,” he huffed.
“I believe the last time I saw you, you were at my trial … or one of them, anyway,” said Moriarty dismissively.
“Well, I don’t know,” John said. “In the past you couldn’t go 24 hours without a case before wanting to pull out your hair. And I know we’re both older now and things have … happened. Priorities have shifted. But still … I thought the pandemic and the self-isolating and the lack of crime would have you climbing the walls by now.”
After what seemed like several hours, but in reality was only minutes, John regained his composure and a somewhat normal breathing pattern. He finally stood up and began searching frantically through the bevy of emergency and armored vehicles, asking everyone if they’d seen Sherlock and Mary. Sure the agent had said they were safe, but John needed to be certain. Just as his frustration level was at the breaking point, he spotted the now-infamous, black sedan on the periphery and began sprinting toward it. As he approached the vehicle, the door opened and he launched himself inside, landing on a stunned Mycroft Holmes.
“I can understand why you may have come to the false hypothesis that I’d be bored over the last few weeks,” Sherlock began. “My past behavior did provide only a partial data set in which to work. That coupled with the knowledge you have that my brain has an innate tendency toward necessary stimulation could lead you to your present conclusion.”
Unfortunately, John was on the losing end of a roof-top battle, but rather than tell the loud-mouthed thugs where Sherlock was, he decided to take the beating. He was then pushed off the side of the roof and left to hang there by his pair of accosters, who decided they didn’t have time to watch the inevitable, and attempted to leave the rooftop by way of the main stairwell. Now, John hung, dangling off the side of the building, wind blowing his jacket and gently contorting his body like a discarded Union Jack. He struggled to keep ahold of the roof’s edge but his strength was dwindling.
“Where are they, Mycroft? I want to see them,” John gasped as he scrambled upright and planted himself next to the elder Holmes brother
Sherlock removed his mouth and took in the sight of John writhing on the bed, hands grasping at the duvet, eyes closed. Sherlock stopped prodding, gave himself a final stroke with his lubed hand, and positioned himself to enter John. He paused momentarily to look at his friend, his lover. He wanted John with every fiber of his being.
Sherlock was always hopeless to resist when John’s eyes met his and the words “for me” were spoken from his lips. Sherlock pushed his throbbing cock slowly and meticulously, just a few centimeters into John. He took in every sensation that was immediately coursing through his body and was keenly aware of every reaction his partner was having. John felt a burning sensation, but he’d been through much worse in his life. And besides, he knew what the final prize would be and he wasn’t about to let a slight discomfort stop him from claiming it.
He turned and walked deliberately toward John, who was now standing and staring intensely at him. As the gap closed between them, the spell was cast and neither one could look away from the other. Sherlock searched the depths of John’s eyes frantically and at first wasn’t even sure what he was seeing. But then the realization rushed through him with hurricane force. This time, the fact
“I’ve wanted to do that since the awards ceremony,” John said with a slight giggle and a smile. He reached up with his right hand and placed it on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, gently running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. “I was also wondering if I might …
All of a sudden, Irene’s face lit up with a genuine smile, “Speaking of friends …” Sherlock turned his head to follow Irene’s gaze that was now brushing past his shoulder. “Mary!” she yelled and waved.
John was glad he was faced away from his friend, because the grin that broke out across his face was too large to hide. Finally, he shut off the water, dried his hands with a tea towel, steeled himself and turned around so he was facing Sherlock.
“He—He’s staring at me,” Mary leaned over and murmured to Irene, neither one of them taking their eyes off the man across from them.
The younger man’s eyes slowly closed and John knew that not even the great Sherlock Holmes could fend off sleep any longer. John smiled softly and shifted closer to his best friend. Sherlock reached out and pulled their bodies tightly together; John’s rugged face pressed against Sherlock’s smooth chest and the detective’s sharp chin rested gently atop golden-grey strands. Their bodies lay interwoven; their souls connected as one. It was warm and right.
Sherlock snarled. He could practically feel Mycroft’s smugness oozing out of the phone. “Yes. I need you to secure an appointment for me to meet with a hearing specialist as soon as possible.”
But the look on the detective’s face told the story—stoic, except for his eyes, which contained an element of fright and vulnerability that John had never seen. Words. Moments before, John had silently wished for words of clarity, and suddenly he recalled a conversation that had taken place between Sherlock and him several years ago.
Sherlock began to pace again wondering if it would be prudent to just sneak himself out the bedroom window, down the fire escape and make a run for it, trying to avoid the tedious night ahead. But he was pretty sure with the recent snow that the fire escape would be hazardous, not to mention, his footprints would be traced. Still, he contemplated his options.
John pulled Sherlock’s face closer to his and practically growled, “Then show me your research, Mr. Holmes.”
Suddenly, his thoughts were interrupted by John standing right in front of him, a soft smile played on his mouth. Sherlock looked at him with a puzzled gaze as John leaned up and placed a chaste (but-with-a-hint-of-something-more) kiss on his lips. Sherlock’s brain unsuccessfully tried to stay ahead of the current situation but the feel of John’s lips proved to be too much. When John finally pulled away, Sherlock was left standing still as a statue, but with ragged breath and rapid pulse.
Sherlock dropped the items, sat back on his heels and looked at John intently. His mind was swirling.
The sexual fog that was permeating the room was causing a delayed reaction in Sherlock’s brain, but when the synapses resumed their firing, he realized what John planned to do, and it shook Sherlock to the core. He looked at his partner and spoke in an astonished whisper. “You trust me.” It was a question, a statement and an exclamation.
“Yes!” Sherlock suddenly blurted out, wanting to quash the fear he saw forming in John’s eyes. He cleared his throat, “I-I mean, yes, thank you,” Sherlock stated as calmly as he could. “I would be honored to accompany you.”
“You assumed that solving crimes is the only way for me to alleviate boredom and keep my mind engaged,” Sherlock answered. “When in fact, over the last few years, I’ve discovered that life offers more than I had thought in terms of interesting situations. And, the human condition, to which I had become indifferent almost to the point of repulsion, actually provides fascinating scenarios and explanations for a myriad of physical, social and psychological behaviors.”
As he stepped inside and the water cascaded over him, Sherlock felt the symbolic cleansing of a past life. He wasn’t sure what the next few hours would bring, but he knew things would never go back … could never go back … to the way they were. And truthfully, … he didn’t want them to.
The younger man stopped and turned around, and the vulnerability that shown in his face … his eyes … confirmed it.
“So, if I have to be isolated with anyone,” Sherlock continued, “I can’t think of two people I’d rather be with than Rosie and you. I’m grateful that in this moment I get to share in your lives.”
“You know,” John shook his head. “After all these years, you’d think I’d get used to your spot-on deductions. But you still amaze me. Every. Single. Time.”
“Yes, you are,” replied John, as his serious expression faltered into a chuckling grin. “Now what is it you really want to ask me, Sherlock?”
Sherlock stopped abruptly and pulled back slightly, peering into John’s face as the older man writhed with the sudden loss of stroking. Sherlock’s eyes were jet black and unblinking. John forced himself not to smirk as he realized that one of the gears in Sherlock’s big, beautiful brain must have jumped off the track for a moment. Sherlock blinked and John knew he was back.
—it was like a series of shutter stops and John’s eyes were truly opened. He saw. … He observed. … He knew. His taut body relaxed a bit, yet a small pool of emotion rose up and almost overtook him as he now thought about the things that were … and the things that never were to be.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be blindsided. He knew John loved him, but this … this was so much more. He had wandered his whole life down roads of misunderstanding, rudeness and downright evil. He had never felt that he fit in and had learned to pride himself on that fact. However, in that present moment, knowing that the man he loved, understood him and accepted him, was more than Sherlock could have ever hoped for … could have ever dreamed of.
Then, Sherlock did the only thing he could think of. The only thing that made sense. He gently grasped the front of John’s jumper, slowly leaning forward so barely a millimeter separated their lips, then took his own voice down to an eerily low octave and quietly breathed, “Brilliant.”
John felt like his blood had frozen instantly inside his veins. The realization of Moriarty’s plan sank in quickly. John would be the one who decides who dies—Sherlock or Mary.
Mary’s words came quickly, “Yes, do you know him?” And then John’s words—the words that would be replayed in Sherlock’s mind in a loop for days and cause him to begin building the John Watson wing of his Mind Palace—filtered through the table top.
Sherlock groaned in frustration at the uselessness of the conversation. He shoved himself forcefully away from the table. Both Mary and Irene looked at him startled as he grabbed his bag and turned to walk away.
Sherlock took a sip and studied John carefully as the older man settled himself and took a sip of his own drink.
John returned the smile, then turned and walked out the door, closing it in his wake. He paused for a moment then turned around and brushed the smooth panel with his hand. “Good-bye, Mary Watson,” he whispered.
In his entire life, Sherlock had never been so thankful to be sitting down, because if he would have been standing at that moment he’s pretty sure his legs would have failed him.
As Sherlock sat in the cab mentally cursing every person who was driving a vehicle in London at the moment, he brushed a stray piece of lint off his trousers and took a moment to admire his attire. He was dressed in a dark suit with monochromatic steel grey shirt (and tie) because in John’s words
As the dawn peeked its way through the windows of 221B, John and Sherlock sat knee-to-knee on the edges of their chairs, eyes closed, foreheads together in the soft, morning light. Wandering hands were gently petting silky fabric and jumper-clad forearms. Warm, soft breaths intertwined with each other as lips chastely brushed lips, sharp jaws and stubbled cheeks. There hadn’t been a proper kiss … yet. But that was fine because both Sherlock and John needed time to soak in the essence of the other, making sure that this was in fact reality and not just a dream that would dissipate and leave them reeling in loneliness.
Mycroft turned quickly on his heels. John grabbed his coat and followed him out into the night air. After being cooped up for a time, it actually felt good to step outside, even if it was a bit chilly. John sniffed in a large breath and blew it out. He’d had two days to plan what he would say to Mary when he saw her next and yet, as he got into the car, put on the ridiculous blindfold and waited to put his internal navigation system to the test, he was at a loss as to what the appropriate words were.
Sherlock, loved him. John had hoped for this … dreamed of this … but didn’t have enough faith that he’d ever hear this. And truthfully, until this moment, he hadn’t realized how much he had
When the duo reached the registration table, John turned to Sherlock. “You know sometimes I could just kiss you,” he murmured.
As Sherlock slowly began to adapt to the room’s new atmosphere, he spun slowly around as if taking in every molecule surrounding him.
Instinctively, he took his right hand and grabbed the back of John’s neck, gently pulling him closer so that their foreheads touched. John’s left hand grabbed Sherlock’s forearm and held it in place. Their other hands continued in a firm grasp with one another. Their eyes closed and their stillness was only interrupted as they breathed in each other’s warm exhales. Because that’s what Sherlock and John did and will always do … breathe life into each other.
Because, the day after the banquet, Sherlock had made a decision. He knew he needed to have his hearing checked, if only to eliminate it as a possibility of what was causing these recent word mix-ups. However, he also knew that trying to obtain an appointment with a hearing specialist could take weeks, and patience wasn’t one of Sherlock’s strong suits. After an hour in his mind palace, another half hour of pacing, accompanied by an animated discussion with the Skull, Sherlock begrudgingly, and without John’s knowledge, contacted the only person he knew who had enough clout to make the appointment happen.
“Oh,” said John, feeling relief and joy at the same time. “I see. Good. That's good. Uh, well, if we’re both clean, then it means that … you know … we wouldn’t have to use a condom. I mean, that’s if you don’t want to. But I want you to feel comfortable, so—”
Sherlock made a quick trip to his mind palace where he proceeded to slap the sarcasm right out of Mycroft’s mouth (repeatedly). He then returned to his right mind and with clenched jaw and every bit of restraint he could muster, addressed his brother, “Will. You. Make. The. Appointment?”
John watched as several emotions played out on Sherlock’s face, until one finally settled there that John recognized as trepidation. Sherlock fiddled with the glass that he held in his lap and John cocked his head, waiting patiently for his friend to finish processing his thoughts into words that a muggle like John would understand.
So, he allowed himself to steal moments like these, when he could look fondly upon his best friend, knowing that he (John) would spend the rest of his life trying to be a true and faithful friend to Sherlock and an able partner and blogger to the great Sherlock Holmes.
“I’ve … noticed him,” John quickly cleared his throat, “er—around campus, I mean. My roommate Mike has biology with him. I heard he’s brilliant,” John finished, almost breathlessly.
All the while, Sherlock sat with hands folded in his lap, like a small boy sitting obediently in a church pew, observing, cataloging and making mental notes of what was being played out before him. Sherlock’s eyes went wide as John looked up at the man he loved and eased the shirt off his own shoulders, allowing it to slide down his arms and rest on the mattress behind him. Sherlock could hardly breathe. His eyes scanned every pore, freckle and hair on John’s chest and it was the most stunning sight he had ever seen.
. Sherlock was determined to find out why John’s behavior (and mere presence) was causing him to have certain reactions. In fact, Sherlock remembered the first such occurrence. It was about three months prior, during a case when he and John were pressed up against each other between some warehouse shelving units trying to outsmart an international arms dealer. The shelves were constructed in such a way that afforded the pair very little room to move. So, chest-to-chest they stood and Sherlock could feel John’s breaths, short and shallow, against his neck as they tried to remain as quiet as possible. However, the warmth of John’s body and breath began to have a strange effect on Sherlock. Not unlike what he experienced three weeks ago when he thought John had said the word “date.”
All of a sudden, he heard the door downstairs open and footsteps on the stairs. John’s heart pounded with nervousness and anticipation. He quickly turned around hoping to see Sherlock, but was disappointed as Mycroft stepped into the room.
Suddenly, an ember popped loudly, startling John out of his reverie. As he glanced at his friend, he realized that Sherlock was still staring intently into the flames. John took another sip of his drink and set it down on a side table.
There was no use trying to deny that he had fallen for John’s plan, scheme, whatever one might want to call it. If Sherlock said that he knew it all along, he would just look foolish. If he walked off in a huff (which he really didn’t want to do because John was winding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and the feeling was glorious!) he would just look like an arse. No. Sherlock had been cleverly duped, and instead of feeling put out or embarrassed, he felt intense admiration for John’s cleverness. Sherlock’s face broke slowly into a smile—a genuine, for-John-only smile.
Sherlock then pulled back and out and both men released quick breaths. The younger man continued pushing in and pulling back, each time going a bit deeper … giving a little more … taking a little more … and stretching his partner wider. John could feel himself opening up, receiving Sherlock more easily, and with each push gave his lover breathless encouragement. Finally, Sherlock groaned as he pushed inside as deep as he could, eliciting a responding groan from the man beneath him. A sharp shiver made its way down both of their spines as Sherlock pulled back slightly and pushed forward again, completely engulfed by John, who emitted a louder, lengthier groan.
Sherlock looked at her puzzled then realized his right hand was inadvertently reaching toward John’s leg and was a mere six centimeters from it. He retracted it quickly.
John, too, was reveling in the sensory overload as his tongue slowly stroked Sherlock’s and he tasted the scotch his flatmate had been sipping previously. John’s hands touched solid chest muscles through Sherlock’s tight, silky shirt and he could feel Sherlock’s now-elevated heart rate. But perhaps the best thing about kissing Sherlock Holmes was the
In addition, after some pretty solid shared deductions, the people with whom he co-habitated the dormitory had pretty much come to the conclusion that Sherlock was to be left alone, much to his relief. He’d rather be ignored than bullied. Afterall, the ignoring was mutual.
A sudden knock at the door brought him out of his intense reflection as he heard John’s voice calling, “Sherlock? Are you about done in there? I’m starving and I want to order dinner.”
“Flat is registered to one Eric Dillon, Alpha” Lestrade said looking at the note the landlord gave him “no omega listed, I hope this is right”
“It shall be as you say” Mycroft said calmly, Caesar had just given him a gift and he wasn’t about to let it pass him by
“Brother” Mycroft responded coolly “for a man that prides himself on observation, you have allowed your distaste of conventions to blind you to the reality of the situation you find yourself in”
Sherlock picked the lock before Lestrade could finish his conversation, the air filled with Omega pheromones, and the scents of distress. The Alphas all became enraged by the smell of fear and pain coming from the back bedroom. Sherlock and Lestrade were the first into the room Sherlock grabbed the Alpha by the neck and pulled him off of John, in his rage he grabbed the nearest thing he could reach and struck the man repeatedly until he stopped moving, he was feral feeling his partners pain, helplessness, and fear. He stood up from the broken body at his feet and ran to John, cradling him in his arms
everyone agreed the ceremony was beautiful, the bride and groom spoke their vows perfectly, even if they  seemed to lack inflection. The priests blessed the union. They exchanged their signate rings,  Molli had been given a new set , befitting a daughter of Caesar. The doves were released, and flew off into the sky together. Everything was perfect. When she lifted the veil he saw her for the first time, she was pleasant enough to look at, no great beauty but, not what he was afraid he would see from a woman that was unwed at their ages. She seemed to find him pleasing enough, which he found strangely relieving.
“Morta cut the nobility!” Sherlock shouted “it isn’t as if he killed one of their number. With as many as take to the Jewish quarter he likely even saved one of their lovers.”
Molli nodded taking down another bottle and placing it in her bags. “Martha” she called out “I need the birthing blanket, and tools”
“Oh what does she matter, she is just a woman. What good could possibly come from being sold to her for saving the princess, who, may I add, I had never heard about until today. Mycroft” Sherlock said, something dawning on him “what really happened “this isn't about the empress, is it? Then why brother would you send me to this woman”
“Should we dress him again, or should we empty the pockets and throw away his clothes?” the other Alpha asked
“I have sworn my hand to you, but I will not turn my life to you. Are we clear” she hissed at him “I have dedicated  my entire life  to my craft. I am a healer, and I will remain a healer until the day that my hand can no longer lift a knife, and my eyes can no longer see the herbs I mix. You will not change that.” she had drawn herself up to full height, even though she barely reached his chin, in that moment she was a giantess among women. “I will offer you this one warning, if you try to force my, I know the effects of herbs you have never heard of, and can use them to simulate any illness you can imagine, and I will not hesitate to  use them to assure that I keep my own life” .
Both men ran up the steps to the flat, along with several other officers. “We are looking for John. he may be going into heat by now so any Alpha should be able to smell him” Lestrade said to the team “all we need to do is get an Alpha into the front room, if they can’t smell him move to the next flat. Notify me of any flats that they don’t open the door. The GPS says he is in this building but we don’t know which flat. Call me if you find him” he nodded to Sherlock and the two of them headed to the top while the other two teams took their floors. Sherlock headed to one door Lestrade knocking at the other the first opened Sherlock told the older woman that they were looking for someone, and asked if she had seen him. Pulling out a picture he stepped into her front room, sniffed the air, and left.
“needs me to attend the palace quickly, with no one knowing why I am rushing to his side” Molli replied quickly “If I openly run with tools to assist a difficult birth, none will suspect the emperor has fallen victim, and if the gods call him, it can be said that they also called the child that I tried to save. So no suspicion of treachery is laid at your feet or mine”
“Pray, beg the Gods, if they will even intervene, perhaps Mater Juno will hear his plight, all of them were women he impregnated, before he killed them” Mycroft offered gently both men knowing the futility of the suggestion
“We should let you get back to your work now” Sherlock said, trying not to smile, In spite of himself. That a man of medicine, who cares for the house of the dead, would be a man of such cheerful disposition was a source of wonder in the world. At a wave Mycroft’s boy handed the priest a bag of foods the brothers had prepared for him.
Sherlock led John into the shower, John dropped the sheet in the sitting room as Sherlock started the water.
Not one of them could fault Sherlock for the violence with which he attacked the man that had hurt his bond mate. Neither Sherlock nor John showed any sign of having heard what had been said in their defense. John leaned into his Alpha “Sherlock?” he said in wonder “I am so sorry”
Both men laugh at that, John has enough alcohol running through him that he is starting to relax. One thing he was glad that he got from his father, he was a happy drunk. Harry was an angry person, and his mother would get bitter, but the two Watson men turned into preteen girls whenever alcohol was added.
Sherlock woke the next morning to an empty flat, not in itself unusual as John often had to leave for work long before Sherlock would climb out of bed, but something felt off. Looking at the bed it didn’t look like John had even made it home last night. That was slightly unusual, but he figured that he met up with Stamford or Lestrade and ended up staying over at their place. Sherlock checked his phone, there was no text from John to say that he would be out late, and even if he was mad at Sherlock he would have told him that he was going to stay out all night. Sherlock called the clinic, when he spoke to Sara they both started to worry, as John hadn’t shown up for his shift.
She walked along the rows of booths, and vendors selling their wares for the upcoming festival, her slave following a polite step behind. She walked quickly and with a purpose, knowing what she was looking for, a few of the men turned their backs, so not to see a single woman walking the market unaccompanied. Some out of respect for a woman that had saved them, or a family member, some with disdain, that a woman would dare to act as if she were a man, with the right to attend to business on her own. There was a rumor that she was born of mighty Apollo, or perhaps Mercury, as she was able to save those that other healers called good. None would openly curse her, for fear of offending the Gods, but they would treat her with disdain for not behaving as the Gods called woman to be. The man at the booth she walked to, placed a sack on the table set for such reason, her slave picked up the sack and opened it, the woman looked inside and nodded, placing a few coins on the bench she left without speaking a word to the man, as was proper. She stopped at a few more booths, with similar motions, only speaking to women in the market, and only those that initiated conversation with her.
He had apparently stopped long enough lost in thought that the slaves had managed to dress him for the ceremony. He waved them off as he made his way down the halls, he knew where he was going and he didn't want to be followed by idiots. He stepped into line with the other men dressed exactly like him, he almost allowed himself to think about what would happen if demons did find and curse them, could it really be any worse than it already was?
“Let me help you get home, wouldn’t want you getting hurt on the way” the Alpha said into John’s ear making him shiver at the close contact. He helped guide John out the door and led him to his car. He helped John into the passenger seat climbing into the driver seat and turning on the engine. He smiled slightly at John who was having a hard time staying awake as the alpha turned into traffic.
He briefly considered his bride, no one would tell him anything about her, even though it was apparent that Anthea knew her well enough to answer the questions asked. All Mycroft would tell him was that she was “pretty enough, for a woman” and that he would “understand why he had decided upon this union, soon enough” of course he wasn't allowed to speak with her, or even see her before they were wed, everyone assumed he would run out on the union. perhaps he would at that, he could always go to Egypt, as the woman that worked with Gregory was from.  He thought briefly of the shrew of a woman that she was, she was convinced that he would murder his bride before the week was out. More likely she will murder me in that time, he thought. He was under no illusions, he was not an easy person to live with. Perhaps, he thought, that would be the key. He could set her up in a house that she could live in and work out of. As soon as she was with child he would buy her slaves, he would find a wet nurse, so the child would be cared for, and she would never need think of either of them, unless she wished to. Of course he would have to attend functions with her, and provide her children enough to live to adulthood, and provide for her care and the care of any children she were to bare, and if he were truly lucky, she would find a suitable slave and he would not be required to touch her after the first time.
“I need to get home” John started to say as he tried to stand up “whoa”, the alpha grabbed hold of him just in time to keep him from falling, wrapping his arms around the smaller Omegas waist.
Besides, she had heard rumors about bedding a healer, and how well they knew the human body, and what they could do with that information
He had said his goodbyes to his friend the night before. He had made promises to John, some spoken and some simply in his heart, now it was time to start to see them through. He may not be able to spare his friend, but he could honor him in death, as he had in life. Now that there were no words left, once John and Sherlock spoke, all words of this world would be unneeded, and the bravest man he knew could find his reward in peace, weather his Jewish heaven or the fields of Elysium. If any man deserved the Isle of the Blessed it was John.
they collected everything they thought Molli would need for the evening and followed Mycroft's boy to the palace
He looked at her with respect, and he set to work placing the small cannula into the arm of the slave that Molli had guided to the seat next to the child. She looked on him with gratitude as she placed the other end of the reed into the babe’s leg. John applied an herb compress to the child’s leg arguing with Molli about the pain the boy would be in. The two bickered about everything good-naturedly as they treated the child. John watching the flow of blood into the boy; while Molli watched his response. Molli’s slaves smiled to themselves as the pair worked well into the morning, the slave girl under his hand let out a small sound as sunlight filtered into the room through the window. John refused to look up until the child had nursed and was sleeping peacefully in his mother’s arms. Molli’s slave offered him water and food, and guided him to a bed in one of the rooms that Molli reserved for company. John dropped to his knees in the sunlight and prayed, grateful to have seen the new day. Mycroft must have succeeded in saving him.
Sherlock stroked himself, John couldn't help turning his head to watch the Alpha. Sherlock's eyes closed, his head thrown back in pleasure. He didn't bother trying to hide his arousal, or his internal conflict  about his arousal, Sherlock would know anyway. He watched the man he loved stroke himself, feeling guilty that he wasn't available, feeling anger that someone else had taken that from him, feeling  scared that he had contracted an STI and would put his lover and bond-mate at risk because of it, feeling humiliated at his vulnerability, but mostly just wondering how long it would take to feel normal again. He reached over and touched Sherlock's hair gently, running his fingers through the fine strands.  His grip tightened as his lover climaxed with a shout of his name. John was torn between throwing himself in Sherlock's lap and kissing him; or turning and running from the room, to see how far he could get away before his heat abated. His mind and body fighting for dominance, neither giving him the peace he needed to heal
