Tentatively, Sherlock tried to cup his hands as best he could for King John, though he still needed his master’s direction. He was grateful for the guidance, and for the privilege to see this enticing side of the king.
“Uh, no, that’s all right, sir.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said, sympathetically. He had never thought of music that way, but it made sense that someone from a humble place in life would have different perspectives on things. “It’s all music, no matter who is playing it, or with what instrument. Do you remember the temple?” When John asked this, Sherlock’s cute embarrassment showed instantly that he did. “Oh, of course you do. Well, when you hummed at the temple, that was music. And when the troubadour plays his lute, or a prince plays a harp, that’s music, too. It’s all music, Sherlock.”
“It’s all right, Sherlock. Do it for me.” The heavy ache between Sherlock’s legs was firmly stroked by a strong hand.
John spent the rest of the day following the snobby servant around. He saw many other splendid rooms, especially ones he was likely to work in, such as His Majesty’s offices, the vast meeting and dining area known as the great hall, the private sitting room used for smaller gatherings, the kitchen and its many smaller rooms, and finally the chapel. Though he was able to see a familiar face in Father Lestrade, which was a heartening sight, the pews reminded John too much of a certain scarf-wearing man.
William’s precious servant could never be at fault. “Of course,” he said proudly.
“I’m quite happy for you. At least things are going well for one of us, wouldn’t you say?”
King John’s command left no room for argument.
LESTRADE
“John, why shouldn’t you believe what’s happening? We’ve done this before, haven’t we?”
To see you, shockingly. If he should inquire, you were too ill to welcome company.
WATSON
SHERLOCK
Lestrade heaved a long-suffering sigh. “It’s not a bad place, but noblemen do have their own problems that you should be aware of.”
Seeing Sherlock lose himself to pleasure and feeling him shudder with satisfaction, John had little choice but to reach his own peak. He found his release in Sherlock, who keened again, in a dreamy, relaxed tone; the sweet sound prolonged the king’s bliss.
“Hmm? Oh, you mean work. I know some pals who go in for that sort of thing. You, for one, with your doctoring and your case-solving. I’ll bet you and Sherlock have nabbed a pretty commission or two.”
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
Not exactly. I was inspired when I noticed how terribly jealous Mycroft became when he learned the two of us had shared a waltz—a reaction that I had carelessly failed to foresee, but one that can be replicated in my dear companion.
In a short while, John returned with Lestrade. Once again, John closed the door to give them some privacy.
The king left the storage room, leaving Sherlock to finish his work. The silence was lonely. It had always been lonely, and yet Sherlock felt more alone than ever without the presence of that kind, fascinating King John. At least, if the king had stayed, Sherlock might have found some way to make up for his impudence, though it was more likely he would have made more of a fool of himself.
“Definitely. I might test them on fighting or strategy, but you could see what kind of people they really are. Could you do that for me?”
John smiled, touched. His dear friend was sharing so much with him.
If some person did indeed not think me an idiot, I fancy this person was not Sherlock Holmes. “No,” he answered, his voice low and thoroughly unimpressed. “I’m not here with John. It’s good that you know my name; that will save some time. You are Bertie Wooster, of course.”
Sherlock felt hot and pleasant feelings when John said things like that, even if Sherlock didn’t entirely believe it. “That is generous of you to say.”
That will entirely depend on what the client requires. Although, I have reason to believe that it’s a case of blackmail.
“But I—”
I would be happy to provide that assistance. If you would be willing to teach me, I would like to learn that system of dots as well.
The corner of Mycroft’s mouth was slowly rising in a smirk, and in concert Sherlock felt heat rise to his cheeks. By the time Mycroft’s eyes had that astuteness of intense awareness that Sherlock was so used to seeing in his brother, the younger man was red-faced.
While all this nothing was going on, glasses of water manifested themselves on the table. It wasn’t exactly the kind of drink I wanted right then, but I dived for one anyway.
The king’s hands tenderly glided up Sherlock’s face, and removed the servant’s bonnet. “You’re so beautiful.”
Grinning, he answered, “I can’t say that I’ve ever turned down an offer like that.”
Typing up the last case Sherlock and I had done on my laptop, I looked up to see Sherlock sitting across from me, absorbed in his own computer. He was studying something, going by the look on his face. There was a song quietly playing from his laptop, so maybe it had something to do with that. Anyway, it was a pleasure to watch him when he’s fascinated with something. There’s nothing like the intense concentration on his face when he’s at the top of his game.
It was alarming to see this noble king, a person who was usually calm and composed, so overwrought. “I’m sorry, sir.”
“You’re so beautiful,” John murmured, trying to be reassuring, though his voice had become much lower. “I want you so much.”
Sherlock brightened at the idea, and I was already flipping through the songs in my head to find one we could play together someday. It wouldn’t have shocked me to learn he was doing the same.
“Of course. You wrote it in your letter, after all.”
Hesitantly, Sherlock lied back down. “I feel like I should do something for you.”
It must have been their father who taught them such things, John supposed, or maybe it was everyone around them, or maybe they learned it on their own.
“Hey, Bertie! Jeeves, hello!”
MYCROFT
John smiled a little. “You mean, you’re helping my family stay out of debt.”
“I know that I want to serve you!”
“You, and your brother too, right?”
Now, I’d like to think that some person in this wide world might not think me an idiot for approaching this man in this particularly familiar way. If I might provide some excuse, I was rather caught up in the moment, and I had spent so much time with John that Sherlock seemed almost like a relation. Besides, I tend to greet everybody like an old friend. Whether or not this is a positive trait is a subject for discussion at some other time.
The king led their way into the library, with his dutiful servant obediently following and regarding the shelves of books with veneration as they went. When they reached the lower levels of the structure, King John stopped to ask Sherlock a question. “Is there any book in particular you’d like to read, Sherlock? I can help you find it.”
“Father?” John asked, confused.
John did not leave William’s company for the rest of the day, too protective of his master. Though it was an irrational fear, the servant was afraid of someone coming by and giving Sherlock undue shame for spending energy on a hobby.
“It truly is a fine plan, sir. I’m just thinking too much, as usual.”
Sherlock snickered at that, which made John chuckle, too. It seemed that Sherlock was perpetually raising the king’s spirits.
“You are safe here, John,” Sherlock murmured to him, “be louder for me.” He began undressing his cherished servant, kissing his way down John’s chest as he went lower, listening to every euphoric, modest, entrancing sound that John made.
“Not that it’s a big deal or anything.”
William hesitated. “Yes,” he murmured. “I do want you, John. But you owe nothing to me.”
MYCROFT
“As reformed as a saint, brother mine,” Mycroft assured him.
Well, why else would you be taken to Scotland Yard?
He heard footsteps walking down the hall outside the room. It was probably his employer, who had hired him as one of the many servants who cleaned up for the tournament. Whoever it was probably meant to make sure that Sherlock was doing his work.
Listening to the tunes of the violin, John was treated to beauty in sound, as well as in sight. His servant was already energetic, but he became even more vibrant when he played his music.
“Sir? We’re running out of time, aren’t we?”
“Oh, God, yes.”
“You’re so good at this,” the king said softly. “You’re so good at taking my fingers, Sherlock, like you were pulling them in.”
“You give your devotion so freely to someone who cannot return it.”
SHERLOCK
It was ridiculously kind for the king to introduce himself in such a humble way, without his title, for the servant’s benefit. It was too kind, in fact. Sherlock could not allow it in good conscience. “King John.”
“You don’t need to feel bad about it, Sherlock. I don’t mind driving.”
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, I do not want to place your brother in any danger. Dear Mr. Holmes, ignore my previous letter, as your brother is a danger in his own right.’
“Here, would you like to hold her?” The woman stood up, and was placing the baby in Sherlock’s arms before the gentleman knew what was happening. “Oh, look at that, you’re a natural.”
His true self, as John well knew, was a bored troublemaker who would crawl through mud to study the footprints of interesting merchants. Yet John still treated him with the same deference as if he were king.
None of William’s movements were escaping John now. “Are you all right?”
This should have been a momentous undertaking, as Sherlock expected never to return to this town. Yet there was little for him to do. Of what meagre objects he possessed, he sold what did not need to be taken with him, and packed the remaining larger items—merely several pieces of clothing and a shaving kit—in a bag. He placed his small effects in his satchel, which he was already in the habit of using to store a number of tools, including sewing materials, a hairbrush, and a mirror.
“I wish I could give you one, sir, but I haven’t found a way to make it happen… I hoped that I would find a way, but there isn’t a way, is there, sir? I’ve prayed, but nothing has happened…”
“Sherlock,” the king rasped, his eyes having become very dark. “Sherlock…”
When they arrived at the castle, they swiftly exited the coach and paid the driver. This late in the evening, they could enter their keep quietly without anybody noticing. Like they had as children, the two brothers avoided the guards whose patterns they knew so well.
“Do you find it amusing that I’m younger than you? I know your exact age, by the way.”
SHERLOCK
“Did I?” John grinned, pleased with himself for putting on a good performance for Sherlock. “I suppose so, though I didn’t get the chance to do much. But Sherlock, I wanted to tell you that you could explore the fortress more, if you want. You don’t have to stay here.”
“You’ll see how big the place is, and you’ll understand. They hardly ever come across each other. Montgomery hardly sees anyone anymore.” The objective tone was threatened by a hint of sadness in the priest’s voice. He recovered somewhat, though, when he spotted something through the small window of the carriage. “Here we are.”
“I like mysteries,” Sherlock said, trying to offer something of himself in return for what he had discovered about Mycroft. “Stories, riddles, that sort of thing.”
Suddenly the caravan felt much smaller and warmer to Sherlock, who was stunned.
“I’m only God’s humble servant,” Father Lestrade grinned. “We should have a chat about our boys sometime. We could commiserate over a great deal, I can tell.”
There is nothing to tell the police.
“I was careless, when I said it the first time…”
That earned him a sudden and sharp glare from William, which made John feel more sad than offended. “I am not Sherlock, John. Put that person far from your mind.” Then William looked down again, at his tools and himself. “He should never have been… Him and Mycroft, they were just the misguided illusions of children…”
“Yes,” Sherlock mumbled, mournfully.
“My pretty servant,” the king murmured. “Your cheeks are such a pretty pink.”
“Are you ready, Sherlock?”
“Sir,” Sherlock said as he filled the bucket, “let me do it.”
Sherlock, who was clasping his royal cloak over his chest, paused. “It is there for you, as you know.”
William listened with rapt attention. With nothing more than those words John possessed all that William was, and the servant did not seem to even be aware of his power.
Knowing at least that he had William’s love for now, John slept peacefully, warmed by the protective arms around him.
King John smiled at him. “You want to see a brewery?”
“Thank you, m’lord,” John said warmly.
Mycroft did appear just then, entering the hallway from the other side. It was obvious from the understated way he was dressed that he did not intend to appear in front of the public. “I will be around,” he said simply, in passing. It was Lestrade who he stopped in front of. “I expect to see you after the ceremony.”
Sherlock could leave his castle and walk through the mud. He could enter disreputable shops and place commissions on scandalous gifts for his beloved. Sherlock could defy laws, of convention and otherwise.
WATSON
“Yeah. Do you want to see how apple cider is made?”
Sherlock bowed slightly, playfully sniffing John’s arm, admiring how the soap mingled with John’s homely scent. “If you do not mind being loved by an eccentric nobleman who cares so little about class and society?”
They were in an apple orchard near a village, where their convoy was resting and stocking up on supplies. As soon as they had approached the orchard, Sherlock had been amazed by the apple trees, which he had never seen before. Sherlock studied them attentively, like how a scientist would study an interesting sample.
Astonished, John nervously opened his mouth to speak, having no idea what to say, but William cut him off before he could sputter embarrassed nonsense.
“Mycroft…?”
MYCROFT
Pleased, John squared his shoulders, prepared to defend his master at a moment’s notice.
“No trouble. It’s good of you to make sure I’m all set. Well, best of luck with all this work. I suppose I might be seeing you at the joust.”
Growing distraught over all the ways he could not serve his master, Sherlock shook his head. Even if he were physically capable of satisfying any of the king’s desires, his master would never want him so intimately. It was not worth contemplating any of this; the servant was only tormenting himself with what he could never have.
“Sure, I think that’s a great idea.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. It’s just that you sometimes speak in an unusual way. A little old-fashioned, though charming.”
And we’re only half-brothers.
Holmes, there’s a letter in the post for you.
“I could not take my eyes away from you.” Sherlock felt vulnerable, admitting so much, but it was all right. The king was stroking his cheek reassuringly.
“You fought very well, sir.”
“John,” William choked.
Was Sherlock offering to hire John, as a servant perhaps? John steeled himself against the idea; he could not be dependent on someone who was so close to his heart. “Sherlock…”
Saying nothing, Sherlock looked lost, as if he didn’t understand what John had said.
It would be a shame if one of those ladies were to take him away.
But, that is a minor detail. An observation to be confined to my own writings.
It would have been nice if the king had not accomplished the task so swiftly, or else Sherlock might have been able to better watch how the fine fabric of the king’s tunic clung to the powerful bulges of his arms as he seized and carried the heavy weight.
“He does other things, too. John, I must say, I’m very happy that you were so deeply upset and in need of company, because it was lovely talking to you.”
“My dear Watson,” Sherlock said in a soft, patient manner, “How can your husband serve you this evening?”
Every lovely, trusting whimper from his servant did mysterious, magical things to John’s soul. He longed to have Sherlock’s trust and devotion for the rest of time. Despite the demands of their positions in life, there was no way that John could ever stand to be separated from his treasured servant.
I suppose he’s not choking Mycroft.
It was fascinating to listen to what King John read aloud, a passage about the fermentation of ale, yet it was sometimes difficult to pay attention and not simply bathe in that luxurious voice. King John had a forthright manner of speaking, as if he had never been denied anything in his life—which seemed to Sherlock to be quite likely—though there was a tender quality to it as well, which was evidence of his trustworthy, kind-hearted nature.
It was a thrill for the king to make his servant feel admired. Sherlock was a miracle and deserved to be extolled as one. “In fact, Sherlock, you’d make me really happy if you leaned on my shoulder.”
Sherlock whispered, “Do you know the demands you could make of me, what I would do without hesitation for you? I am more your servant than you are mine. I have been for a long time John, and I will be long after we are wed.”
“Also,” I continued, buoyed to the stars by that twitch of a smile, “you look devilishly handsome this evening, if I may say so.”
“The pleasure is all mine.” He inched a little into his servant’s surprisingly warm, tight entrance.
This was not a brilliant conversation so far. Sherlock took a little of his drink, letting his eyes wander again. This time, there was a point of interest in the tavern. A woman cradling a baby was speaking in a jovial tone to a man who was clearly her husband, judging by his ease and resemblance to the baby.
As am I. The spirit of it, anyway. I’ve kept scandalous secrets for the sake of my clients, but I only do so when it is just. Why would I do any less for a friend?
The lower part of himself was supported by stalwart hands, but Sherlock could hardly support his upper body on his elbows now. He sank onto his thick pillow, enjoying the vitality of his king. “Did… Did the monarch like it, s-sir?”
“Of course. I should have known that. My master is a strong warrior.” Sherlock sounded pleased, and John was pleased as well to hear Sherlock say so.
I didn’t believe that whoever was saying these strange things was speaking to me, at first. I hardly expected anyone to come up to me and start a chat in this café, which I had chosen exactly because I was sure I wouldn’t see anyone I knew here.
Sherlock’s head sank onto the table. “I will never ask any questions ever.”
John’s eyes were wide with interest, and darker than normal.
“Oh… I want to be yours, sir…”
You’re an invert, too, Mr. Peterson? I never thought I would meet another deviant.
Turning my head left and right, I got a better look at the apartment: a fireplace flanked by bookshelves, a sturdy bureau near the sunny windows, a giant glossy piano, and other smart pieces of furniture. Bertie’s flat was done over in what I’ve heard called warm, neutral tones. It was the kind of mild setup you’d choose for a place when it’s for sale and you want the digs to look good to everyone. Knowing how vibrant and expressive the man is, I was sure that Bertie wasn’t the one who did the decorating here, and guessing from the pristine condition of every piece of furniture, he got help with the cleaning, too.
Feeling for any other clues, William traced his fingers down John’s arm, but when he touched the wrist, he felt his dear servant’s pulse, which spoke of a wonderful excitement. It made William falter for a moment, as he could not resist glancing back at John’s lovely face. John was enraptured in watching William at work.
“Well, it only seemed like you might wish to stay in this town a little longer, since you have been so triumphant in the tournament. Won’t there be celebrations in your honour, or things like that?”
SHERLOCK
Pardon me, Mr. Holmes. I do not mean to startle you, but I don’t think you heard me knocking. Your landlady was kind enough to see me in.
Sherlock had not understood how deeply ashamed Mycroft was of his habit. It had been a trying effort to convince him to help John dress as a woman. Yet it would have been idiotic not to use Mycroft’s expansive knowledge on the subject of dress to properly outfit John. Really, it was very convenient.
Determined to make the best of the time they had, John lifted Sherlock’s gown up just a bit more, so that he could see more of his exquisite servant as the king tasted him.
In the dim candlelight, Sherlock could barely see the incredible look that flashed in John’s eyes. The king was filled with pride, to see that John could want him that much.
A solution I inspired?
A strong desire rose in William to hold his gentle beloved’s hands, which were trembling just perceptibly as they fiddled with a fastening. The noble lord doubted that it was the priest himself who distressed John, so his distress must have been on account of the little act of defiance that the mention of the priest had necessitated.
There was a sign on the building, with letters in combinations that Sherlock did not recognize. He peered uselessly at the words. Somehow, he hoped that he would be able to decipher the sign if he wanted to strongly enough. If he could do that, then he wouldn’t have to embarrass himself by asking his master. Unfortunately, his determination wasn’t enough for him to read the words.
About time he left. Tenacious, as always.
Me? Am I your friend?
Now that John had admitted his love for Sherlock, he found it more difficult than ever to spend even a single moment away from his dear servant. He kept very near to Sherlock as they explored more of the art festival together. The king wanted to always stand by his servant, to guide him through this foreign city and to be able to protect him at moment’s notice.
“Just like that, Sherlock, scream for me.”
He wanted to press further, but Sherlock looked very uncomfortable. “It’s okay, Sherlock,” John said, hoping to put his servant at ease again. He could find out what the problem was later, when Sherlock was ready to talk about it. “A servant doesn’t have to tell their master everything.”
“It’s nothing, sir.”
“Now,” John said, “what did you overhear?”
He’s simply being foolish. Now come along, won’t you? Considering how I’ve managed to nudge you two in the right direction, I think I could use some help with my own problem. Mycroft has inspired the solution in me, and now you will assist me in its execution, Lestrade.
Instantly, Sherlock’s cheek felt far too cold. He really should have kept his mouth shut. When would he ever learn? “Yes, of course. I’m sorry sir.” It was still difficult to believe that the king would simply want to thank him, but Sherlock did not want to cause any more offence by posing more inane questions.
I have been a fool.
Leaning on John’s shoulder, Sherlock meekly raised his slender arms up to return the embrace. “My home is anywhere I can be with you, John.”
ready!”
“How are you two doing?” John asked considerately. A stalwart pal, this John Watson, and I’ll attest that to anyone.
MYCROFT
The option remained to wait until weekly services to talk to Lestrade, as the priest would have no choice but to be in the chapel at that time. Unfortunately, being present for services would attract too much attention, as King William had never bothered with an appearance before.
MYCROFT
“I wish we were. There weren’t any secrets between us then! If we were still children, I would have been running around this garden like a little idiot telling you about my idiotic crush for the apothecary’s son!”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock never ceased to be amazed by the king’s feelings. “Did he truly want her?”
Your brother!?
MYCROFT
Slowly, William nodded. He even allowed John to clean him with the sponge again, and when John’s touch strayed near to the thighs, the nobleman told him he could continue as far as he was willing. This morning must have held some meaning for William if he was still so affected despite last evening. When John started to clean William’s intimate parts, his master shut his eyes tightly.
SHERLOCK
The thought was a painful one. He wanted Sherlock to be his, for as long as Sherlock would allow it.
“If you do not wish to share my bed, then you will never have to. Here is your own bed,” William remarked quietly, waving weakly to John’s place, “and it will remain, for me to never intrude upon. But… you have been a kind servant to me, and,” here, his eyebrows twitched in consternation, “no, I could order you to my bed, why shouldn’t I? Off with that gown, John.”
“Just a moment,” William said, touching John’s shoulder without any real force, but keeping his loyal servant there nonetheless. William did enjoy his servant’s company so dearly, and John’s task could wait. “Tell me a story before you depart.”
“You never asked?”
I perceived it when I shook your hand. That must be a grave impediment to competent surgery. Unfortunate, for a surgeon.
WATSON
LESTRADE
Whatever for?
“Now,” John pleaded, “please, sir.”
John was certain that King William had not depended on the aid of a personal servant in some time, judging from the disorderly look of fine shirts and trousers thrown carelessly into the bureau. In the bottom drawer, though, John discovered something interesting.
“You don’t mind that your friend is marrying another girl?” I asked, before I could let myself think better of it.
SHERLOCK
After failing to suppress a giggle, Sherlock murmured, “If it would make you happy, sir.”
“I’ve got you,” John said softly, drawing Sherlock from his hazy dream. The servant was gently moving Sherlock’s hand away and replacing the touch with his own, encouraging the king’s hips to push freely into the grasp that was offered.
“Think about how much I want you.”
“Hmm? Oh, heavens, no. Now, I do believe it is your turn, John! It’s only sporting, after I shared how I’m feeling.”
“I’ve got it,” the king said. He was smiling. “You’re not hurt, are you?”
“Tea would be great.”
Startled, John turned to his servant for a moment. “How did you know what I was thinking?”
SHERLOCK
Retrieving his jar of oil, John sat in front of Sherlock, and parted his legs, pushing the skirt up to reveal what was underneath. He was gratified to see the swelling of Sherlock’s desire. “How is this?” John asked, touching Sherlock’s knee.
Sherlock needed to make his beloved happy. “Is that all right?”
John’s spirit felt light inside. Now he had another chance to comfort his master, and what an agreeable chance it was. Though he needed to think of a way to help Sherlock accept himself, John’s thoughts were powerfully drawn to all the kind, loving things that King William might be saying to him now if he could.
Yes, you were right. What do you want? A reward?
“Sherlock.” John reached forward and touched Sherlock’s arm for a moment, glad to see his servant look back at him. “Everything will be all right. I have a plan, Sherlock. I’ve been thinking about it. In fact, I wanted to talk to you about it as soon as we were completely alone. I was so astounded by your bravery with the horse, and your energy here in the forest, that I forgot until now! I told you that you were distracting, didn’t I?”
It was too early for sleep, so if John had been here he would have been warned by the sounds of Lestrade in the hall, but upon entering his rooms William saw that his beloved servant was not home at the moment. William missed his presence, though he held no doubt that John would be in these quarters by the end of the night.
WATSON
“I want you,” William murmured, “to tell me about your day.” He started undressing John, taking off the man’s boots, his tunic, and with his kind permission, every other piece of clothing.
WATSON
This surprised John, but he was ecstatic to hear it. He started to feel very warm. “Oh, well, if you’d like that. I’d like that, too.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Lestrade managed cheerily, recovering his breath, “you’re really going to regret this.”
The king’s steady, mellow voice was soothing to Sherlock. “Thank you, sir.”
I couldn’t make out the driver of the silver car waiting on the road, due in part to the tinted windows, but I could make out the car itself. My eyes must have gone wide. It was a
Sherlock’s cheeked burned even hotter. His master really was too kind.
John Watson. Doctor John Watson. Why did you send him to me?
Sherlock noticed that he had been too engrossed in thinking to answer John’s question. It did not matter, apparently, because John had forgiven this with characteristic understanding and continued to dust the dressing room. What incredible fortune the king possessed, to have the loyalty of this kind man.
He wished that John would guide his lord away to a more secluded place. William would follow him loyally, to the grand bedroom, to the bed they shared. His healer would tell him another story that would capture William’s imagination, leaving him dazed with wonder and acquiescent to the unremitting physical love of his servant.
A sound chirped from Bertie’s trouser pocket, and he took out his mobile to read the text message.
Yeah, I was sure we’d all be good friends right away. Sherlock would make a new friend, we’d both help Bertie and Jeeves with their problems, and we would all have a great time.
King John paused for a moment. “Do you like this, Sherlock?”
WATSON
“Oh, in that case, we’d better head out even sooner.” The king chuckled, thought it was not an entirely happy noise. “Maybe it seems glamorous to you, Sherlock, but I’d be bored stiff. Those people don’t really care about me. They’re not interested in doing anything but promoting themselves. No, the sooner we can start off, the better.”
King John continued to speak. However, Sherlock was still having trouble paying attention. He had been struck by what the king had asked him.
Leaning his head on the king’s shoulder, Sherlock said quietly, “Thank you, sir.”
“Thanks, Sherlock. I still don’t know if this plan will work.”
MYCROFT
Right. It is natural, of course, that you would… touch me like this.
“Sherlock,” the king said softly. “Oh Sherlock.”
Though overwhelmed by being so close to John, Sherlock could see that John was in great need by then, and he wished to please his beloved. He took John in hand once more.
“Sherlock, I’m a-almost there,” John warned, in a breaking voice. With reluctant taps to the side of Sherlock’s face, John encouraged him to part from the king. He saw that there was confusion and regret in Sherlock’s features as the servant pulled away. “It’s all right, Sherlock,” he quickly assured him. “Oh, you’re so perfect, I can’t stop thinking about you…”
Sherlock was solemn. “If it wouldn’t endanger John, I would marry him in front of everyone. I’m still marrying him in front of everyone, but he’ll have a veil.”
It took him several moments to take in the sight before him. John was dressed in his tailored clothing. He was glowing with kindness. William let his admiration show plainly. “Did you have a pleasant day, John?”
“Well, it’s a big town,” the king said, “and there are a lot of people.” Taking just a step in front of Sherlock, King John looked the place up and down. “Come to think of it, I’ve heard of this place. I’ve never been inside, though.”
“Would you play your violin for me?”
“John, John, John!” Sherlock cried, gratified at how the king’s body answered the wants of his own.
“I don’t understand,” John said. “Sherlock, are you…?”
The last of the other worshippers left, and now John was sitting on the front pew by himself. He closed his eyes, and clasped his hands together. It was a little cold inside the chapel. It made him wish he had changed into his new clothes, but it did not seem right to wear them before they met with William’s approval.
Nobody other than priests and the pharaoh was allowed in the room of the temple where the statue of John’s god was kept, and many times, this meant that Sherlock’s attendants had to wait outside, while John and Sherlock were left alone to perform certain ceremonies. After first meeting John, Sherlock had made sure to visit that specific temple very often, so that he performed as many of his rituals as possible in John’s company.
Ah, I got it. I’ll move you through the steps.
“First of all, call me John. We’re in a café, not a hospital. Second, are you serious? Are you really serious? You like him, and he likes you, so what’s the problem? I can’t believe you’re really going to sit there and tell me he’s too young to know what he wants. He’s not
“Well don’t hold out on us!” Bertie encouraged. “Ideas are treated like treasures in this house, aren’t they, Jeeves?”
Sherlock imagined the king fighting for his servant, defeating all suitors who would dare try to take away what was his. The thought was a very appealing one to Sherlock. “What would you do, sir? If there was perhaps a man who tried to steal me away?”
SHERLOCK
“I mean it, love.” John moved onto his elbow, and regarded all of Sherlock, admiration plain on his face. In a gentle and unhurried way, he pushed the blanket back slightly, so he could see more of Sherlock. Blushing, Sherlock looked down, and was stunned to see that his ache had renewed itself, or perhaps it had come back to life under John’s gaze.
Good evening, Holmes.
“Such an opinion,” Jeeves retorted, “suggests that you yourself are not close to your own family, or to a circle of long acquaintance of similar social standing.” He had a knowing tone that almost reminded me of Sherlock, though Jeeves put it a lot more subtly than Sherlock would have. “You are not expected to uphold any traditions or make any consideration for the family name. If you would be so good as to consider the issue from my perspective, or from Mr. Wooster’s, you might agree that our circumstances are different than yours.”
MYCROFT (O.S.)
He returned to John, and tenderly placed his hand on the servant’s shoulder. “John, beloved?”
“It’s true, sir.” Sherlock turned away, glancing at the brown bark of a tree. “I wish this journey would never end. Then we could be together forever.”
There was a question I’d wanted to ask Bertie for a long time, and now I couldn’t keep it in any longer: “What do you do for a living, anyway?”
Yes, well.
In the middle of the secluded room, there was a giant, raised, circular cushion, with a headboard that curved around half of it. The circular bed had a plush blanket and several large pillows.
Sherlock was not a praying man, but if he were, he would pray that Mycroft was the person he remembered and not that other deceitful person. He needed Lestrade to tell him that Mycroft was not a liar or an adulterer or anything but Mycroft. “Are you sure?”
“No, King William.”
“I appreciate that, sir. I do want to try.”
John was starting to remember the announcement of Montgomery’s rule. “That was a while back, wasn’t it?”
Currently, some of these trainees were honing their skills with wooden swords in the training ring, which was located in the castle’s large courtyard.
“I don’t need any help. Oh, but that bag is heavy, isn’t it?”
John tried to use this to his advantage, to use the time he had to come up with some way of wording what he wanted that could somehow make it sound acceptable. This proved to be a difficult endeavour, because it was thoroughly unacceptable. It was true that John had once gone on his knees in front of Sherlock, but that was a very different situation; that had in truth been yet another instance when his guiltless servant had catered to the king’s needs, and moreover, King John was not the blushing innocent that his servant was.
John was happy to do exactly that, supporting his servant with a firm hand as Sherlock reached the bottom and climbed off the tree.
The blatant hope in John’s voice moved Sherlock. They had touched each other numerous times before. Was it truly so monumental a thing to John even now? “In any way you will let me,” Sherlock answered honestly.
“Well, maybe we could go somewhere else, avoid the underworld altogether. Can you think of any other place a soul without a body could go?”
“That’s it. Good, Sherlock. Don’t worry. I will guide you.”
“What? Sherlock, you have absolutely nothing to be sorry for. I’m the one who should be sorry. I’m the reason you turned them all down, right? Because you think you’re supposed to stay unattached for me? That’s not fair. You don’t have any obligation to me. I should’ve told you that in the alehouse, but goodness, I couldn’t do it. I just couldn’t do it.”
Privately, Sherlock enjoyed thinking of King John as
LESTRADE
John smiled a little.
SHERLOCK
With a charming pink blush, Sherlock said, “It seemed to me that my happiness and comfort was continuously at the forefront of your mind. It was I who offered myself, sir. I’ve truly enjoyed all of the time we’ve spent with each other.”
“That’s very nice, Sherlock.” The king gave his praises freely, enjoying how they made Sherlock flush.
There were some parties held to celebrate the king’s victory and return. He was not able to avoid these festivities, nor was he able to bring his servant along to any of them. Sherlock probably would have been even more bored than John if he had gone, in any case.
His eyes still averted, Sherlock fiddled with the worn satchel resting on his hip. “In any case, you had no reason to notice me. I am not very eye-catching.”
will take liberties?”
Sherlock leaned closer, turned John’s face back to him, and kissed him chastely but soundly. He loved the little sounds that escaped John. He imagined all the noise his servant would make if he did not hold himself back. Or perhaps, Sherlock wondered as he thought of the gifts he had ordered, if he
WATSON
“It would have been hard
Beg your pardon?
Then Jeeves replied.
John stood nervously as his new employer approached, unsure of what to do, but then William was there, just in front of him, his face softly illuminated, revealing to John sharp eyes and angular features that he had feared he would never see again.
Sherlock hadn’t realized that he was doing so, but he felt now that King John’s fingers, still gently touching his chin, felt remarkably still compared to his own body, which shuddered helplessly.
Sherlock glanced up from the chest then, and graced the king with a smile. “Thank you, sir.”
With a smirk, King John leaned back, and crossed his arms. It was an inexplicable joy for Sherlock to watch the muscles of King John’s arms move as they were crossed over his broad chest. “Do I look like I need a guard, Sherlock?”
As part of the castle staff, John, too, was required to bathe once a week. Of course, nobody assisted him, but King William generously allowed John to use his own luxurious bath. It was a kind offer, one that John feared he was betraying when he sank into the water and thought of how Sherlock would feel against his body if they were to bathe together.
He stared for a while at one of the drawings, of a strong, dependable father and a gentle, encouraging mother, who were guiding their children through the woods.
The baby gave a strange cough-cry, and for all he knew about the little signs that gave people away, Sherlock had no idea what that sound meant. The mother knew instantly however, and gently patted the baby’s back, helping the baby give an impressive burp.
Like the previous fighter, this one could not match the skill of the experienced king. After a few rounds, John offered the trainee helpful advice, and praise for proper technique. Following this opponent, more proficient soldiers asked for a chance to face the king, and though they provided more of a challenge, it soon became clear that none of them could match John’s skill.
“That’s right, it would be a tournament for the throne. I’m sure you know where I got the idea from, though it wouldn’t just be a test of who is the strongest. I would find out who is the wisest—who would make the best ruler. I’m not sure how I would do that, but I’ll figure something out. It just might be possible.”
The handshake was returned, if somewhat warily, as I still wasn’t sure about him. “John.”
“Something special?”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that, sir.”
The only alternative Sherlock could think of was to keep their spirits bound to their bodies, but that was not really an option.
Humph.
Incidentally, one of our supporters was Mycroft, who gave us approval in his own way, and though I know he would deny it if you asked him, it meant a lot to Sherlock. No matter what he says, Sherlock cares about his brother. (Though that doesn’t mean that Sherlock doesn’t still want to get his hands on that club book to see if there’s anything funny about Mycroft.)
“I have an idea,” I stated suddenly.
Of course, Lestrade did not know everything, and he would only be able to guess at why John was being summoned away from their conversation. William gave his orders crisply to the maid, and she went off in a flash.
Holmes?
“Seems good enough,” John remarked.
But you are a
Sherlock clasped his hands tightly, betraying some of his remaining shyness, though a clear smile adorned his face, an enraptured expression like the one he had when he had played the violin. “You are very kind, sir.”
“Well, I have a hard time believing that.” The king released his shoulders and smiled at him, with none of the mockery that Sherlock would have anticipated from someone so superior to him. “You’re clearly very thorough. I don’t think my lance was ever cleaned so well.”
“This whole unrequited business. I don’t like it.”
SHERLOCK
Right now, on this bed, John was smiling at him, like how he had smiled then. John had pulled a blanket over them, making sure that Sherlock was comfortable, as he often did. His black-lined eyes shined with reverence. It was the look one might give to something sacred.
Oh dear, was Lestrade intending to express gratitude for that trifle? William was not sure he could manage such a response, so he hoped to prevent it. Leaning towards his door with impatience, he asked, “Do you have urgent matters to discuss, Lestrade?”
“Hmm?” The king was thrusting a little harder, now.
Sherlock wondered if he would ever be able to stop himself from blushing when his master was so kind to him, especially when the king smiled at him like that. King John led him away then, to a comfortable area where they could read the book without disturbing others. It was a courtesy that was probably not necessary of someone as prestigious as King John, but he was perpetually a chivalrous man.
“Oh, brother dear, if only you knew how wrong you were.”
If you ever did meet brother Mycroft, I think you would see very quickly that he is not representative of the expectations of our society.
“Will Mycroft be attending the wedding?” Sherlock asked.
John could see little in the room, as the only light available was what seeped in from under the doorway and at the edges of the curtains. The thin curtains around King William’s bed were also closed, he noticed with a sigh of relief. His master was still asleep, so John would not be reprimanded for being inattentive.
Recognition rose in John’s eyes, and then instantly, there was a spike of some other emotion, possessing a character of anxious reluctance. “Is there something you need the Father to do? Could I do it for you instead?”
“I’m glad to hear it. Thanks, Sherlock.”
“I didn’t think you were the only one allowed to keep secrets,” Mycroft remarked.
“It wouldn’t be a totally free ride, Sherlock. You’d have to help with chores around the convoy, of course. And it will be a long journey. There are always challenges on a long journey. Not to mention, you’d be going to unfamiliar places, and everything would be new to you.”
WATSON
The thought of this entrancing man commanding a horse and fearlessly striking his lance against the shields of other knights was almost more than Sherlock could bear. “Of course I will be there, sir.”
And now you know I was a surgeon!
“Are you certain you want to do that?” It was strange to think of King William leaving the castle without armed guards.
“In ancient times, this room was a place for rituals of ecstasy and madness, where the devout would give in to their deepest passions, to celebrate life, to please their gods, and to take part in what were called fertility rituals.”
“Very well. I didn’t mean to rush you,” the king said, in his calm, rough voice, which was a captivating sound to Sherlock. “I’m sure they’ll be ready in time for the joust.”
“I’m sorry sir,” Lestrade began, “but John’s a new servant here, and an old pal of mine, too. He needs an updated wardrobe.”
“Is it all right for me to be Sherlock, John?” Sherlock asked. He worked steadily to relieve his beloved, staunchly ignoring his own body’s demands. It was a terrific pleasure in itself to see John react so strongly to a simple touch.
“Sir, if I might ask, did you learn about horses in battle?”
“Good, Sherlock,” John breathed, and the roughness of it showed that he too was nearing his end. “Oh, you’re so good, you’re doing so well…”
LESTRADE
The longer that John worked in the castle, the more of his day was spent at William’s side. In the beginning, William had secluded himself in his office when work was to be done, but he came to allow John to sit by him, and sometimes he would speak to his servant about the decisions being made for the country.
“I wish we could do this more often.” Then it occurred to John, why William may not have ventured outside with him before. “Now that I have new clothes, perhaps, we could take more walks?”
“Ah, so you were serious.” Leaning on his umbrella, Mycroft grinned. “I hope you don’t expect
Perhaps Sherlock had looked there too long anyway, because John quietly offered an apology, then poured some of the oil onto his hand, and turning his face timidly against the pillow, touched his own rear.
Only then did I remember that my laptop was there, and I saw that I had left my blog on the screen. I had wanted to write my next entry today, in this café.
“Yes, please, if you really want to.”
“The oil?” he asked, nervous but thrilled also.
King John looked brilliant, standing there surrounded by flowers. The authority of his posture and the ruggedness of his clothes was only emphasized by the bold contrast he made against the delicate flora around him.
John adjusted his shirt, and shrugged. “I have no finer clothes than these.”
There was some room left in the basket, John noticed. “It’s okay, you can pick some more. Here, I’ll hold that for you.” Grinning widely, John took the item away from Sherlock, easily holding it up for his cute servant.
A problem! Holmes… Two men do not just… hold each other in that fashion! You are unconventional in many ways, I know, but truly, Inspector, I’m shocked!
“You don’t think it’s wrong for someone to have feelings for someone of the same gender?”
Oh, very well.
Sherlock was powerless to John’s hand, and he could not stop the deep groans coming from himself. He hardly cared, not when John was murmuring to him in such a soothing tone. The words melted around Sherlock and sent a rush through his veins. When John guided him to thrust, Sherlock knew in some distant part of his mind that he would soon be undone.
John carried on with his night, to his shift in the furniture warehouse, and as he handled the cabinets and tables, he could not help remembering that Sherlock’s touch had been upon his shoe, his arm, his hand. Guilty thoughts to be sure, but somehow, they made the lonely night pass by more comfortably.
Quickly becoming delirious with pleasant feelings, Sherlock rolled his head around on the bed. “Y-Your Majesty, sir…”
His precious servant laughed, a pure and charming sound that seemed a lot like lovely birdsong in this forest. “Thank you, sir. What is your plan?”
“Am I doing it,” John breathed, “well, for you, sir?”
WATSON
WATSON
Does it make me deviant if I think you are beautiful?
John knew the protocol, but it hurt to be spoken to in such a manner by the friend who had been so kind to him before. He couldn’t bear the scornful glare facing him, so he lowered his head. “King… William.”
“But not all of them?”
Their embrace was long and comforting.
As John began to recover, he found that his servant had moved to lie next to him, on the bed. Sherlock was looking at him with reverence. It was incredibly stirring, how Sherlock was ready to serve him even after what they had just done.
John wasn’t sure what this meant. He had thought that Sherlock liked music, or at least it had seemed that way during their visit to the temple. When they had heard the chorus of monks there, Sherlock had hummed the tune for a long time afterward. Then again, the servant had been rather shy about his humming.
“Your faith in me helped me win the day,” King John continued, earnestly.
“Y-Yeah,” John answered, unsteady from the force of the fantasy that had flooded his mind. Swiftly, he recovered enough to steady his voice, if nothing else. “Yeah, that’s fine, Sherlock.”
“That’s not it. Kings have ruled through conflicts since there were kings.”
“I will do so,” the priest agreed. The change in Montgomery’s mood seemed to be pleasing Father Lestrade very much. “Perhaps, sir, you would like to sew the cloak for him?”
Sherlock quivered. “S-Sir…”
“There are some things I have dreamed of, things I have never revealed outside of confession before now, and some things, not even revealed there.” Suddenly, William’s voice wavered, losing a touch of its confidence. “Perhaps, I should not reveal these things now, either.” William’s hand fell away from John.
WATSON
“A trowel,” John noted. “How did that end up here?”
SHERLOCK
Bertie shook his head. “A private sort of chap, Jeeves. I shouldn’t like to make him uncomfortable by prying overmuch.”
John could accept that answer, except that it sounded very familiar. To be precise, it was what Sherlock had said when he was reassuring John that he could find better work.
LESTRADE
WATSON
Inspector Lestrade. Remind me, you did the autopsy, Doctor?
“Y-You,” William breathed, and it charmed John to hear his eloquent master being the one caught off guard for a change, “you don’t have to do anything, didn’t you hear me? I apologised, didn’t I?”
SHERLOCK
“I have been given coriander for a fever, so I know that it has that medicinal purpose. Indeed, the woman must have thought herself very ill if she allowed a man’s presence in her lying-in room. But it seems she is well. John, your mood is very telling. You are of a generous disposition, and you would be troubled if she was in a dire state.”
He later approached Mycroft’s quarters, where he found his brother primly reading a book in an armchair.
Oh. Well.
Sherlock remembered watching John go from one job to the next, to take care of a family that did little for him in return. It was for them, after all, that John had agreed to be William’s servant. “You think you can’t rely on others. They can rely on you, but never the reverse.”
“Oh.” Sherlock gasped. It was apparent that his clever mind had quickly understood what John meant. “In bed? While we…?”
“You were thinking about me?” Sherlock asked.
William said nothing more. He kept walking. Silently, John followed him, ashamed for having upset his master.
Oi! I have a name, don’t I?
LESTRADE
“John,” Sherlock gasped, entranced.
I should say that when John put forth his grand wheeze, being the idea that the four lads should rally round for a spot of sustenance and friendly chat with the hope that relations between Jeeves and Wooster would drop to a lower rung on the formality ladder, I was all for it. What better way to relax than with faultless food and drink alongside one’s Jeeves and across from sympathetic faces? Judging from its outline, the plan was an absolute pippin, all but guaranteed to affirm general happiness, wouldn’t you think.
Your bag, of course. Who else but a doctor would carry a physician’s bag such as that, one with more pockets than the average individual would find useful.
William could scarcely believe his good fortune. John had agreed to his plans, and if Lestrade agreed to assist them, then William could marry his beloved. He could raise the heir of the kingdom with the greatest man he had ever known. He adored the thought of such a life with John.
William hurried past that token of appreciation. “You are not an easy man to find.”
Lestrade shook his head. “It was their father’s decision.”
“You make it sound so easy,” John murmured.
“Bees, sir?” Sherlock thought of the buzzing little creatures, which he had sometimes watched around the flowers in the town he came from. It was odd to think that there were people who could keep those tiny, industrious beings in any capacity.
“You would let me do that?” Hoping to show Sherlock that he only meant for his servant to feel pleasant things, John kissed Sherlock’s cheek again, and stroked his back. “In restraints like that, you would be helpless to me. I could do everything I want to engulf you in pleasure.”
“M’lord?”
SHERLOCK
“They thought it inevitable, sir.”
“Oh, sir, please. I can’t wait any longer.”
“I see. Obviously he is very well acquainted with a lady. Either Mycroft has not been entirely honest with me, or he has lied to the Father.” Sherlock refused to think that Mycroft had deceived him, or had been unfaithful to Lestrade. Yet he could not think of another explanation. “This must be some misunderstanding.”
MYCROFT
John hugged him. “With us for fathers and them for uncles,” he muttered light-heartedly, “our children will turn out magnificently.”
Sherlock pulled John onto his lap. He kissed his beloved, who was surprised for a moment, as if this was an unexpected gift, and then returned the kiss. Everything about John left Sherlock in awe. “This is the father of my children,” Sherlock murmured.
“Excellent.” Sherlock blew out some of the candles, setting the room into a comfortable dimness. He was back with John in an instant, holding his servant from behind. John’s head was bent down, so Sherlock could rest his chin in his servant’s soft hair. “It’s all right for you to look at me, John.”
“You’re much too kind.” John leaned forward, testing the leather belts in his hands. “What do you want, sir?”
This is preposterous. You are having me on, surely.
No, Holmes! I did not mean—
LESTRADE
There was a dull pain in his leg, a memento of the war. John knew that the wound had healed and there remained no actual cause for pain.
Interesting, though, that you mention the police. I believe I see your friend Lestrade on the street.
No, Watson, you were right. It’s true that I am… at a disadvantage. I am blind.
“Oh? Well, it’s great that you two are talking, but… I don’t believe it! Father Lestrade is a
SHERLOCK
“I’m very glad to hear that.”
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“I’ll be sure to give Mycroft more credit.” Worried for his beloved, Sherlock took John in his arms. He breathed a sigh of relief as John relaxed. “I will be right there beside you, John.” That was obvious, since they were going to be married, but Sherlock needed John to know that he was truly supported.
Stunned, the king asked, “What do you mean?”
“The truth is, I’ll be blown if I know whether we’re dating or not. We did scuttle out to dinner, and let me tell you, I’ve had better successes. As civil as you like, the whole thing, but I got about as much conversation out of him then as you just witnessed over the tea and coffee. I was overjoyed when he agreed to go out with me, but now I wonder if I’ve pushed the thing along too quickly. I don’t know if he’s quite ready to talk to me as an equal, and I’m afraid I don’t know what to do about it.”
“So it does.” William was gracing John with his full attention. In fact, William seemed very interested in the wooden horse. “You touched him up with furniture stain?”
“Thank you, Sherlock,” John said softly.
Sherlock loved new experiences. Would he enjoy the novelty of making love in an orchard? Perhaps it would seem romantic to him, to be surrounded by the flourishing trees and fragrant fruit. John longed to fill his beloved with new and wonderful feelings of romance, as he filled Sherlock’s soft body.
John had journeyed with his servant through many notable places, though sometimes the most incredible moments did not occur in front of great monuments or in lively crowds, but instead on the road. The king enjoyed driving the royal caravan, which glistened proudly with red and gold, with Sherlock at his side. Sometimes they would talk about the new sights Sherlock had seen, or what he thought of this diverse world; other times, John would drive, Sherlock would sit by him, and they would simply listen to the rolling of caravan wheels and the trotting of horse feet as they watched the stones and grasslands pass them by.
I already felt lost in the lobby, which was a sort of upscale reception area. Across the spacious expanse of this lobby, I saw someone at a computer behind the reception desk who was dressed to impress, and a couple of people with clothes that were just as classy passed me by on their way out. This all made me wonder if I’d come to the right place. Was this a block of flats or a luxury hotel?
King John procured that jar of his, and dipped his hand into it before letting his fingers glide along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
William was again kind enough to allow John to eat with him, though there was a fleeting aspect to his master’s gaze, when before William had looked where he pleased.
Sherlock lowered his hands to the bottom of John’s tunic, feeling his dearest tremble.
SHERLOCK
“But…” John could no longer bear the frustration of this absurd mess. “You
“I’ll t-try to be good for you,” the servant managed.
There was a time when the weight of the kingdom had not rested on William’s shoulders. Montgomery was fortunate to be as weak-willed as he was. Nobody had any expectations for the older Holloway brother anymore. That man could hardly handle such responsibility.
Half-asleep and terrifically happy, John muttered, “I love you, Sherlock.”
Considering how thoroughly unappealing he was, Sherlock saw that it was no wonder that his master had rejected the service he had offered the previous night.
“I don’t care if it’s wrong!” Sherlock cried, desperate. He sobbed into his pillow and clutched it fiercely. “P-Please, sir! I’m yours! Please!”
“S-Sherlock,” John rasped. He needed Sherlock so much. There was nothing in the world for him to comprehend but the blushing, enchanting maid who served him.
“I will have to make an address or two for the city,” John said, “and speak with my advisors. I’ve been gone for a while, and there will be a lot for me to catch up on.”
A small number of the convoy stayed outside the city, to travel to yet another location, yet for the most part the convoy gradually dispersed. Just a few others accompanied John’s caravan as, at last, they reached the castle.
Mycroft sighed. “Yes, it is. I’m sorry.”
“Are you going to touch me?” John asked.
It hadn’t been enough for Sherlock to merely peer at the trees. He had to touch them, and smell them, and even climb them. This was fine with the king, who got perhaps too much enjoyment out of watching his servant eagerly explore the world.
Please, do not go. I… I have something for you.
The most fascinating book in the section was a collection of fairy tales. The object seemed to have been built on a theme of family, as many of the stories were about parents and their children. After reading one or two of the stories, Sherlock was certain that each had a moral lesson. He believed that some were meant for the children, to be loyal and respectful, though he also observed that there were lessons to be learned by parents, to be understanding and open-minded.
Good-looking?
Mr… Peterson, was it? You couldn’t be further from the truth. He’s a smart man, that Mycroft Holmes. If I send him any more letters… he’ll start to figure out things he won’t be happy about. No, I can’t talk to him anymore.
Sherlock supposed that he was stirred by what he saw in these warriors, simply because it was so much different from what he could see in himself. He was thin and unimpressive, his skin fair and fragile; he wore a plain knee-length tunic and unadorned breeches that would have looked ridiculous on one of those brawny, robust knights. He generally held a cleaning rag or some other basic tool that he kept in his ordinary satchel; he had never wielded weapons in combat, or held anything admirable.
Before he met John, the king would never have believed that he would let himself be so vulnerable before any ordinary person. Sherlock was a god among his people; he was the divine intermediary between major deities and mortal worshippers. Though Sherlock was not the equal of the most powerful gods, he someday would be, when the king assumed his place in heaven, in that part of the underworld where gods lived and ruled.
There was some more movement, and then King John made a small grunt. Sherlock tilted up his head, and was given the opportunity to watch King John coat himself with the contents of his jar. It was an entrancing sight. Sherlock’s experience of intimacy was certainly limited, but he could not doubt that his master was a specimen of rare splendour. Surely, he could not look at the king like this, magnificent as he coated his thick length with firm, confident hands, and be surprised that this was a man of power and influence.
“You are beautiful,” Sherlock whispered, reassuring his nervous servant. He carefully slipped the tunic off John’s chest, and immediately glided a hand over the skin that was revealed, humming lowly, appreciatively.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose, those he was not particularly surprised. “Ah, how could I ever doubt that you had changed for the better?”
John seemed disappointed to hear that. “Yes, sir.”
“Oh, well, that’s true enough.” What could John say about his new employment? It would be foolish to tell Sherlock what the man already knew. “I’ve been very lucky,” John said.
WATSON
John shuddered pleasantly, his eyes fluttering. “You’re… You’re Sherlock now?”
LESTRADE
MYCROFT
“No more secrets,” Mycroft said. He looked younger somehow, Sherlock thought, as if they had stepped back in time. “Well, Sherlock, this is the truth. I am, as you say, shagging your priest.”
Doing as he was bid, Lestrade forged on. “It has to do with Prince Montgomery.”
John reached over Sherlock—the nude and obviously aroused body of his love greatly distracting the king—and when John’s arm returned, he was holding the leather belts.
“She’ll be a clever one, no doubt.”
LESTRADE
Before he knew what he was doing, he was sitting in the castle’s chapel. It was well into the evening now, and nobody else was there. He could not remember a time when he had made use of a chapel full of people.
John turned Sherlock’s face back towards him completely, and saw Sherlock’s eyes sparkling gloriously.
Father Lestrade hummed in agreement. He smiled his thanks to John, who still didn’t really understand these strange people in this odd castle. Nonetheless, it was nice to provide some cheer for these two, even if he didn’t know Montgomery that well.
Sir… Inspector…
“You will need a new wardrobe if you are to be my attendant,” William remarked, off-handedly.
“Is this what lovers do together, sir?” he asked, cleaning his king with haste so as not to tease himself with self-centred thoughts of further intimacy than he had been given already.
“Is something wrong, sir?”
Because I have to see him! Even if only once! I just want to… I can’t say any more. I shouldn’t have come.
I remember much more than that.
“Simply ‘Jeeves’ will suffice.”
Sherlock followed his master into the brewery, where they were soon welcomed. The king secured a tour of sorts; one of the workers led them around, showing them the processes that went into creating different kinds of beer.
WATSON
“I won’t let you down,” Sherlock stated, with conviction. “You have been very generous to me, sir. I won’t leave. I’ll be the perfect maid for you.”
Sherlock felt an embarrassing rush of heat in his stomach. The fact that it was so easy to take his servant to bed did little to soothe his guilt. “I only mean to talk to you.” He held one of John’s hands between his own. “As marvellous as it is to have you in my bed, I have always enjoyed simply talking to you.”
MYCROFT
Before I could answer, or even look up from my table, a tall man in a crisp black suit was taking the empty seat in front of me.
When they sat down again in their corner table, Sherlock was still buzzing with awe. “Can you believe that such a little creature will grow into an adult?”
He decided that he would visit the castle’s chapel. It was a place that reminded him of his time with Mr. Holmes. John went there, and was happy to see a familiar face at least, even if John now felt a little guilty in the presence of a pious man.
The king sat down next to Sherlock on the bench, and waved for the servant to take his seat again. “I only wanted to thank you for cheering me on.”
I looked at my laptop again, at the long page I’d written about Sherlock. I’d written about how I wanted to curl up next to him on the sofa, and look at his face while he’s thinking about something; how I loved holding his hand when we were running together, because of some absurd situation he got us into; how he was so incredibly brilliant, and fragile, and beautiful.
I am sorry, Holmes. It will pass. If it is acceptable to you, I think I will walk on my own awhile.
Did you tell him, Sherlock? Did you give him any hint? He is more clever than you give him credit for.
There must have been a bright flush on Sherlock’s face right now, if the warmth he felt in his face was anything to go by.
William’s moans were quiet, subdued, but they stirred John’s spirit. “Yes, John.”
“Sherlock,” the king whispered.
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
Reassuringly, John gently touched William’s shoulder. “Of course, m’lord.”
Sherlock watched John carefully while he was cleaning the bedchamber. John was now scrubbing a cloth against the bedpost of the smaller bed. It seemed that the servant often forgot it was there, humming contentedly as he took to cleaning the seldom-used furniture, though Sherlock eyed it every day. It was the place that belonged only to John, where he could sleep if he no longer wanted the king’s company at night.
LESTRADE
Oh, Lord, no.
The toy could not replace William’s company, but it provided company of a sort, and it reminded John of a time when someone had returned kindness to him. The toy was the gift of a soldier who had been badly wounded, so much that he was bedridden for weeks and nearly all his face had been covered in bandages. John had treated that soldier, sat by him when he could, and talked to him, though the conversations had been rather one-sided. The soldier had been too weak to talk.
Taking a second to take better inventory of a face I loved and cherished, I saw that Jeeves was nervous. He’s not the kind of chap who displays his every feeling like a stock ticker, but I’d known the man for some time, and it was clear enough from the way his eyes averted mine that need for reassurance was indicated.
Bertie quickly piped in. “I’m certainly not.”
Oh right, you’re rather like a bat with those ears of yours aren’t you, Holmes? You… You ass! You did hear me walking in here, a few minutes ago! This whole farce was to get to me to admit that I have feelings for your brother!?
“It is more than the stories,” Sherlock said. “I want to know about how you feel. I wondered that every time I saw you in the church. I wanted to know about everything that was important to you. I wanted to help you.”
“Sherlock, it’s all right! Oh, it’s always all right!” It seemed that John’s self-control was weakening, because the servant suddenly latched onto Sherlock’s person, hugging the startled nobleman. “You can be yourself around me. It’s okay!”
John’s back arched and he made a little cry. “Sherlock!” The servant’s hands, perhaps too bashful to do much else, grasped Sherlock’s arm helplessly. “God, yes, please!”
Certainly, there were many to choose from, and a great deal of them were not all that different from the realistic style of the painting of the mother and baby, at least not as far as John could tell. He still wasn’t sure why Sherlock would prefer that one to the others.
Many loved to gossip about the affairs of rulers, but John had never been interested in that talk. “Not really. Well, it seems reasonable that the first brother abdicated. He must have been tired of it. He’d ruled through a war, after all.”
That hardly matters. I simply want him to stay with me now.
Bertie waved at one of the armchairs opposite the sofa, and I took it.
“Sir?”
“Oh?” It had been so nice to talk with Sherlock again.
Every honest sound and undisguised plea from his servant was a powerful driving force, yet John kept his rhythm perfectly even, taking Sherlock in a smooth, unrelenting pace.
“John.” From beyond the imposing double-door, a voice called to him. “You’re early, again.”
My first name is Greg.
As John recovered, Sherlock helped him dress again, as if he were any servant humbly dressing his master.
“I like how yours looks too, sir… John.”
This surprised Sherlock, but his surprise was overcome by sheer joy. “John.”
“I need a servant that can entertain me with music, right?”
Sherlock cried out, again and again, at last freely shouting out with emotion that deeply stirred the king. “More, yes, please,” the servant pleaded under his breath.
Coming from the brewery, Sherlock had approached through the back way into the alehouse, so he was able to stay behind a wall there, and listen in on the conversation. He knew that he ought to let the king know that he was there, but he could not resist the opportunity to hear how his master acted with these nobles.
“Welcome back, Your Majesty,” a gentle voice greeted him.
If John stood before his servant, and pulled down his clothes while Sherlock knelt on the floor, then the king could slide his hands into Sherlock’s curly hair while Sherlock licked those lips of his again. Ever curious about trying new things, Sherlock might lean forward, and welcome John into his mouth. By tenderly positioning his hands on Sherlock’s head, John could guide his servant, who was adorably inexperienced and endlessly curious.
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
Still holding the cross closely, John humbly guided his lord to a bench, where they sat down together.
SHERLOCK
No. The last thing I need is your help.
No. I only saw an odd piece of paper with protruding dots.
Oh, I am very sorry Watson, am I forgetting myself?
Inside the royal caravan, the king was removing his shirt, baring his toned, broad chest and arms. The dim light of the candle revealed hair on the king’s chest that appeared to Sherlock to go well with the brown stubble on the man’s handsome face. It was a mystery whether or not the hair all over King John’s body would feel equally rough; Sherlock envied any person who ever had the chance to find out.
Once everything was in order with the convoy, John led Sherlock out into the city, which was teeming with activity, as there was a great festival going on. The vibrant sounds and noises were a welcome distraction for the king, and seemed to put Sherlock in a much better mood, as John had hoped. There were many people, more than there had been at the tournament. John fancied that his servant, who eyed the crowds in awe, had never before seen so many people in one place.
“Yes! I was afraid of talking to him about it, you know, he’s a good priest and I thought he might look down on us, but he was so understanding. He didn’t even seem surprised, really. Is… Is that all right, sir?” John’s arms began to retreat from around Sherlock.
Sometimes, sitting on his throne in the great hall, giving an audience to whoever it was, John imagined a similar throne next to his, where his consort could sit and rule over the kingdom with him. There had once been a second throne there; it had belonged to the queen, from whom he had long ago separated in all but name. It pained John that the person he had fallen in love with could not be at his side like that. He was comforted by the knowledge that Sherlock was somewhere in the castle, ready to serve the king as soon as he was called upon.
The king turned the sword over with expert hands, clearly ascertaining the weight and usefulness of the blade as if he had done it countless times before, which he surely had. “A sturdy blade,” the king remarked. “Do you fight with the sword?”
Throughout the entire session, John truly did feel that he was fighting for his darling Sherlock. It had been a long time since the smack of wooden swords in a training ring had been so exciting for John. He had spent a great deal of time in his life using weapons, but never before had the activity seemed so thrilling as when his servant admired not only John’s blows but his teaching as well.
MYCROFT
With desperation, Sherlock whimpered again.
No. I was… asking to be sociable. There isn’t enough time for decent politeness in the Yard, that’s what I say.
Well, he could have put it a little more gently than that! I almost started denying it, but he really did seem concerned. There was something about him that made me feel like I could be honest.
Oh! John felt a stiff bulge of fabric touching his hips.
“Oh…” No matter how he tried, it was impossible for John to keep his moans contained. It felt wonderful to be this close to Sherlock. “M-M’lord…”
John was astounded that he had such an effect on his friend, even then. To think that Sherlock loved him… Needing to be as close to William as possible, John flung an arm around him, noticing a surprised little intake of breath when a simple long nightshirt met a stained but still exquisite dressing gown…
When John said that name, William was silent for a long moment. He shut his eyes. But at last, he spoke. “Mycroft was Sherlock’s dear brother. But no, there is no Sherlock, and no Mycroft.” He started speaking more quickly. “We are noblemen, and we are above such things. We have responsibilities, duties to our country. We cannot play games, we cannot have hobbies, and certainly no friends. Take the knife and block away, John, I should not waste my time with them.”
LESTRADE
No, do not concern yourself. I know that is all rubbish, of course, but it affects people, all the same.
“You looked sad. What were you sad about, Sherlock?”
The fellow who had met them said, “This way, please.” He led John through a dizzying path of stairways and halls, to the most magnificent bedroom John had ever seen. The large windows were draped with luxurious curtains, antique furniture glistened in the sunlight, and the floor was carpeted with a rich tapestry that felt like a cloud. The four-poster bed had a golden canopy, with thin curtains that reached the floor.
Uncertain, John wavered on his seat. It did not seem possible that William would want John to be any closer.
“Did I fail you, m’lord?” John’s voice was feeble, and faltering.
SHERLOCK
With John alone, Sherlock felt free to enjoy himself, to trust his body and heart to another person. Sherlock wished that he could always have the gift of John’s company, for all time, but he knew that was not possible.
“Y-Yes, sir.”
Having such tender feelings for his master, John felt a conflicted rift tore through his heart when William asked his servant if he would spend a night in his lord’s bed.
“Oh, sir,” he moaned, even louder than when they had kissed, and louder still when the king guided his hips to stay in place, so that the king’s fingers could explore.
It was time to stop putting this off. He had to think of a way to stay faithful to Sherlock, and to provide his kingdom with an heir that it would accept.
William did not touch John, or come very close to where he was lying. Still turned away, John did not know what emotion may have passed over his lord’s face, but the servant suddenly recalled the reason that William was not approaching. He had said that this would always be John’s domain.
Sherlock gave him a brisk nod, and then, scurrying, Sherlock placed the bucket before their horse. John had typically used this particular bucket to feed the horse, and had placed it at the same spot in front of their caravan; similarly, Sherlock positioned the bucket at exactly the same location. The king’s darling maid lit up in triumph when the horse ate its food.
Instead, he asked, “Why is it so large, then?”
The two of them had spent a long time in the orchard, for the second day in a row, but the sun was setting, and it would soon be time to return to the village again. Before they left, John purchased a few jugs of the orchard’s apple cider, simply because Sherlock had been so interested in the production of the beverage.
The chapel, perhaps? It was a haven by John’s reckoning at least, and ruled by Lestrade, who appeared to be on good terms with each party. Yet, as much as John and Lestrade had done do bring Sherlock this far, he needed to speak to Mycroft alone.
Sherlock felt like he had to say more, but it was hard to know what. Maybe he should have brought John along. “I shouldn’t have feared that you were the kind of man I thought you were.”
Mycroft took a deep breath. “Have you ever loved a female, Sherlock?”
Jeeves drifted out to a part of the flat I wasn’t familiar with. Without a word, Bertie smiled wistfully at the back of Jeeves’s black jacket.
“I wasn’t scared this time, sir.” Rising slowly from the ground, Sherlock began removing his cloak and putting his satchel aside. “I wanted to be with you.”
SHERLOCK
“Is that so? I have one or two you could borrow.”
“Hardly. He never mentioned it. We never did anything like that.”
“Don’t be absurd. The veils are not soiled.”
First, King John restored Sherlock’s breeches and, for a splendid moment, held him, comforting him. Soon, however, the king was slipping his hand into his trousers, and touching himself. He continued to hold his enthralled servant as he did so.
WATSON
“Yes, oh, yes, Your Majesty,” Sherlock managed, his voice breaking. “I want to be your faithful maid, I want to be kept by my strong, g-generous king…”
SHERLOCK
It was not correct for a king to be so closely attached to a servant, especially when he could never publicly acknowledge the attachment. A king needed to have the right kind of connections. Furthermore, he could not forget that there would need to be heirs eventually. John knew that he had these responsibilities, and yet there was hardly anything the king could do about how he felt.
Oh, how unbelievably sympathetic his master was! And how handsome too, with that smile of his, and that chest hair that made such a teasing sight from under the collar of the king’s shirt. The servant’s courage failed him entirely. His tenuous plans slipped away from his grasp. How could he dare to think that he could satisfy this capable, competent man in any way?
Sherlock disagreed. He took the seat next to Mycroft. “I thought I was going to die,” he said. “If not of my wounds, then of the tediousness of it all. Those stories kept me alive.”
His formal manner left me unsure how to answer, so I simply smiled in thanks.
John lowered William’s blanket, and gently undid the sash around his master’s dressing gown.
John was confused, yet only for an instant. The memory washed over his features. He was clearly moved. “The one I wrote for you when I came to the castle.”
That doesn’t seem like the right word, either.
the right word? He seems to value my medical knowledge, and I assist him with other tasks, everything from reading his letters, to identifying strange colouring in a victim’s fingers.
WATSON
SHERLOCK
“Are you all right with this, Sherlock?” John asked, keeping his touch light. “You don’t have to do this for my sake.”
“You still call me
Moving quickly with robust desire, King John sank to his knees in front of Sherlock. He held onto Sherlock’s hips, and took the servant into his mouth.
SHERLOCK
“Did Mycroft make this scarf for you?” John asked. He was genuinely curious, and he was also optimistic that the use of the elder brother’s nickname would bring Sherlock to a happier place.
King John’s smile had vanished. In its place had come an unhappy, brooding grimace. The king seemed to be thinking about something, and his thoughts could not have been happy ones.
This must be a disappointment, then.
Sherlock was bothered by the sadness in King John’s tone, and he wished to do what he could to help. “It is pleasant at least to admire them, isn’t it, sir?”
While ale was widely popular, it was not generally the chosen drink of nobility, who were known to prefer expensive wines. For that reason, Sherlock suspected that King John was not interested in the brewery as much as Sherlock was, even though he walked around with Sherlock in the place. This was just another occasion, then, that the king kindly indulged his servant.
“Oh, I want you so badly, but I shouldn’t do this, Sherlock…”
Sherlock wanted to reward all the trust John placed in him. He climbed onto the bed, his heart full of gratitude. With the utmost care, he poured the oil onto his fingers, and then guided John’s hands away. He touched John’s rear slowly, reverently.
Again, the king’s kindness made Sherlock blush. “Oh, um, no, sir.”
Not so fast, Sherlock.
He had no place in King John’s company, nor in the audience, and truly, he had no place anywhere else. Thus, Sherlock wandered, until he found a quiet bench. He had a little more time until he had to see to his cleaning duties. The free time was more a curse than a blessing; he had nothing to engage his mind, no adventures to look forward to. There was only his life as a servant.
, John,” William grunted, and though it had always been known in the back of his mind, at that moment, John understood clearly that William could see the outline of the servant’s figure from behind his curtains, just as John could see William.
Before Sherlock could do anything to undo the barriers that William had created, he had to know that a better man than himself supported him. John must have been kept long, because he returned late and exhausted to the king’s bedroom, so Sherlock did not bother him then. The king was content to pull back the covers and welcome his servant into his sheets. John, normally so modest, was in such need of rest that he lied down immediately, and gave little more than a soft, wordless murmur of contentment when Sherlock moved closer to him, with an arm over John’s side.
At last, John removed himself from the bed. “It’s time for us to get going now. Time to get dressed.”
“You may call me Sherlock,” the king said.
Sherlock sat next to John, and hugged him close. After a brief hesitation, John returned the embrace. “Are you afraid to be equal with me?” Sherlock asked, with no judgment, only compassion.
How can you stay so calm? You’re not disgusted?
“Of course it would! We would live new lives in this world, this magnificent place where gods can live with men, and never would we have to live apart in that dreadful underworld.” Calming down from his burst of enthusiasm, Sherlock leaned back on the bed. “But there is a problem with my plan.” He clutched the blanket, becoming more nervous as he considered this problem. “While I am certain that I would fall in love with you again if only given the chance, it may be arrogant of me to think that you would develop feelings for me a second time.”
“I understand that you will have to marry and sire children, but I can… keep you company, until then? Perhaps, even… after?”
“Oh, yeah. I wish I could be there for you.” After a moment of hesitation, John spoke again. “But we’ll be together in private, right?”
“Must you use that language, Sherlock?” Mycroft was calm, as always.
With a nod, Sherlock obeyed, grateful for the king’s command, which provided the nervous servant with some direction. It was generous of his master to overlook his servant’s foolish worries, which must have seemed like the pitiable fears of a child to the experienced, fearless king.
To be near the king was so thrilling that it took a regrettably long time for Sherlock to regain his presence of mind. “Your Majesty,” he said at last, rising from the bench and bowing his head. “Can I help you?”
“Your M-Majesty!” was the broken cry that came from somewhere, somewhere that seemed so far away. After a moment Sherlock realized that the noise came from himself. It was an embarrassing sound for the servant, who should have been a suave, elegant lover who gratified the king attentively, yet there was little else he could do but cry out as the king made use of him this way.
“I want to bring you off, and hear the music you make while you give yourself to me.” The king’s hand idly stroked Sherlock’s knee. “Do I have your permission?”
After Sherlock had pressed cider as much as he liked, he mentioned that he wanted to pick apples, though there were still cleaning duties for him to see to in the caravan. Of course, he was quickly given the king’s permission to stay in the orchard for a while longer.
MYCROFT
“I’m sorry, Sherlock.” John paused, concerned, though when Sherlock whimpered with need, he quickly resumed his task. “This is good though, isn’t it? I’m going to spill myself in you, mark you with my seed.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Hey,” a voice called out. Father Lestrade appeared in the hallway. He was in his cassock as usual, and also wore a formal square biretta cap for the occasion. “Are you two ready to get in the carriage yet?” They were to be carried off to city, to be married in a public hall in front of everybody.
Was there something I could help you with?
SHERLOCK
He went through the rest of the event as quickly as possible. All he wished for was to be alone with John.
“You certainly are useful, aren’t you?”
“Sherlock, I’m sorry. I don’t think I can let you stay in this bed.”
SHERLOCK
It was hard to accept that his lovely Sherlock would condone the ludicrous possessiveness that had risen in the king. Too smitten to be as discreet as he ought to be in case any of the nobles or soldiers returned, John pulled Sherlock’s head closer.
SHERLOCK
Ah, but how do you—good Heavens, Holmes, do you
“Don’t forgive me just like that, Sherlock. I know it’s wrong, to think like that. Everyone should be able to enjoy your violin. Oh, I’m losing hold of myself with you around. But there’s some music I do mean to keep to myself.” He leaned in closer, and let his hand drift down to Sherlock’s hips. “May I?”
Abruptly, Sherlock added, “Then I will be the one to provide you with an heir after all!”
LESTRADE
Mycroft…
“Of course, sir.” Sherlock bashfully but dutifully cleaned them both.
“It’s not right, I know it’s not right.” The king groaned. “Damn it, what kind of spell have you cast on me, Sherlock?” Even as he pumped his arm, he looked directly at his servant. “What sort of unearthly creature are you?”
MYCROFT
Please, would everyone stop for a moment? I do not understand at all what is going on. Or, if I do understand, I surely must be wrong.
MYCROFT
baby, John. We must wait until after our wedding to reveal the baby, of course.”
A few minutes later, someone sat down next to him. It was not his beloved, and it was not his brother. It was his friend.
The king knew immediately what Sherlock was referring to. He should have known that the confusion and regret he had glimpsed would linger within his blameless servant. “Oh. Sherlock, you were magnificent. You don’t need to worry about that. You hadn’t done anything like this before, and I didn’t want to do too much.”
Yet they didn’t make it very far before Sherlock suddenly stopped in his tracks, leaned against a tree, and started crying.
Sherlock had many tears to cry, and John was ready to wait for all of them. Sometimes, Sherlock whimpered, and then John would caress his arm soothingly, and hum to him.
It was dark, but he could see William’s head move up in shock. “John? Is that you?”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “You were wrong. This
King John had compelled Sherlock’s hands to open, so that they were now rubbing together. Or, rather, the root of Sherlock’s need was kept still, as were his hands, while King John resumed his rhythm. Sherlock cried out as the king moved back and forth into the servant’s hands. Each thrust sent a ripple through Sherlock that made him shudder and moan with a powerful longing.
SHERLOCK
“Tell me.” King John murmured the command softly, though that did nothing to lessen its effect on Sherlock.
The sudden crumbling of privacy caught John off guard. “Sherlock?”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock’s heart sank. “Won’t I be travelling with you, sir?”
They are interesting, from a medical point of view. Your eyes appear… normal, for lack of a better word.
“I’m fine, John. I have my champion to protect me.”
“Oh? What makes you say that?”
“Of course not.”
LESTRADE
Oh, I’m very sorry to hear that.
WATSON
I’d rather stand, Holmes.
“Your way of playing it,” Sherlock clarified. “It’s… not bad. I haven’t had the pleasure of acquaintanceship with another musician who actually cares about the sounds he’s making.”
“Ah, thank you. Now, John, I’m afraid I will have to ask you to give me privacy.”
It was true that they were leaving their secret garden behind, yet John knew that they would have their privacy again in the royal caravan, that vehicle that had been their home throughout this journey. John would get dressed in the loose, sleeveless shirt and trousers he slept in, and Sherlock would wear his cute sleeping gown and bonnet, and after a long day of walking through the woods, they would fall soundly asleep, Sherlock’s body under John’s solid arm, and John’s cheek against Sherlock’s dark curls.
MYCROFT
“Sherlock.”
“That sounds great, but the trade district is very large, sir. How am I supposed to find you there?”
WATSON
John hardly thought he had ever performed such a service for his noble employer.
SHERLOCK
John closed his eyes, appreciating the sound. “It’s good to hear that again.”
That was the most gentle, unassuming question Sherlock had ever heard. “As I trust you,” he said earnestly.
“I know I have a lot of details to work out, but what do you think about the general idea?” Touching Sherlock’s arm again, and leaving his hand there, John asked, “Is something wrong?”
When Mycroft stopped in front of the table, Sherlock’s eyes rose, and he observed Mycroft, looking rather shocked himself, appraising the blue scarf.
Would you care for a sit, Watson?
It was there that John noticed a faint scar, on the forearm. He could tell that it was from a sword wound, and several years old. Father Lestrade had said something about King William serving in the war, hadn’t he? It was probably from that time, then. John himself had treated a soldier with an injury resembling this one, years ago. Carefully, knowing very well how such wounds could feel, John asked, “Is this area tender, sir?”
“Oh, um, I didn’t. I was just wondering about what those nobles were saying.”
It was soothing, his lord’s closeness. John saw too late that he was dirtying William’s clothes with snot and tears. “I’m sorry…”
Sherlock was dazed by the sudden force of heat and pleasure. He shivered from the wonderful feelings that spread through his body. Yet he was aware that the king could not be getting much out of this act.
SHERLOCK
William set the small cross and carving knife aside, leaning intently over the horse. “John… You truly have kept it, after all these years…”
“This tune brings back memories,” John said, not sure if what he was feeling was nostalgia or guilt.
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
That thought alone almost undid Sherlock. King John had brought him on this grand journey, the adventure of a lifetime, in this caravan. The king had thoughtfully explained the ways of the wider world to him, and had sometimes given him kind praises. In this caravan, Sherlock had known the joy of the king’s company, of bringing a smile to the gallant face that had seemed so forlorn at the tournament.
“A tournament,” Sherlock repeated, with a hint of a smirk himself.
I would be willing to do so, but I’ve never met your brother in person.
John waited until the other nobles who were touring the fortress moved on from the room, leaving John and Sherlock behind. The king pretended to examine a sword, until at last they had some privacy. Then, he asked Sherlock a question.
“You don’t have to do anything like that, sir,” Sherlock said, mortified that his master would need to perform such a menial task for a servant.
Mycroft, my love…
Bravely, Sherlock leaned closer. “I’d like to try it, sir.”
“Sir?” His dear servant was looking at him with so much concern.
When his servant mewled as his legs were stroked, John touched Sherlock’s cheek. The servant shuddered under the king’s touch, and leaned into John’s hand. How endearing it was, to feel the softness of Sherlock’s face. Its smoothness was so much unlike John’s rough stubble.
“What? No.” Mycroft sighed. “Men, if they choose, can… use the back door.”
Fortunately, Mycroft had the answer. Carefully, he said, “John informed me that you would be here, Sherlock.”
“They’d love to look at you, but they could only look, because I wouldn’t let a single one of them near you.” He guided Sherlock’s knees apart, so that he could clearly see what waited for him between Sherlock’s legs. The beauty of what was before him made John’s heart pound. “They can’t touch what’s worthy of a king.”
“That’s the one.” Though Father Lestrade often journeyed into town to speak with the common folk like a friar would, John knew that the priest was also the castle chaplain, who administered to the spiritual needs of the nobles running their country. “The monarch himself requested you.”
I knew nothing of you beforehand. But you stated that you are here at the request of my brother, and I know that he refuses to believe that I can live by myself. In other words, he has hired you to be my nanny. Why would a respectable physician volunteer to play nursemaid to an insignificant blind man? Because the physician has no other alternatives. Something keeps you from practice, probably your physical handicap. I do not just mean the limp in your leg which necessitates your cane—which is not for show, since you favoured one side heavily as you ascended the stairs to this flat—no, I think it’s the tremor in your hand.
“Oh, no. He’s under the roof now, is what I mean. A Wooster is nothing if not honest, though, and I must say I wouldn’t mind it if he were. In the old days, there were lots of live-in workers, who lived in where they worked, you know. Sometimes I wish these were the old days.”
Bewildered by the sudden question, John shook his head.
“What? Of course,” Sherlock said. “Don’t be absurd.”
Naturally, the king was the one to end their conversation. He turned and walked away, leaving Sherlock with powerful feelings in his chest. He felt great enthusiasm for what might happen, he was bewildered by this incredible opportunity, and he was terrified of the great unknown.
“Yeah, sure.” The king straightened himself and took the mug. “That’s good of you, Sherlock.” As he took the offered item from Sherlock’s hands and met the servant’s gaze, the king’s torpor from a moment ago seemed to dissipate.
Where else would a soul go? Sherlock had been taught that all Egyptians were destined to someday depart to the underworld. This was true a thousand years prior, when the great pyramids had been built, and it would surely be true a thousand years from now.
WATSON
“All kinds of people play music.”
“I need you so much, m’lord,” John whispered. “I want to be yours.”
I’ll need to think more on my future plans… and perhaps, you as well?
was greeted with much cordiality, and, to my surprise, a letter.”
Until next time, Sherlock.
“Well,” Lestrade shrugged, “it’s not me who does.”
“You told me that you don’t have an heir. I don’t know exactly how yet, but I will give you a child. I will find a way.” Sherlock closed his eyes, afraid of the judgment he might see in his master’s features. “Even if it means that you must satisfy yourself with me a thousand times, sir,” he murmured, too eagerly.
“Oh!” John exclaimed. “Oh, God. You dress in women’s clothing?”
He’s coming toward this building.
Sherlock had once been allowed to lie on this bed with his master for a short period of time, but aside from that occasion, he had seldom sat there, and never slept there. Being careful not to disturb the sheets, he carefully sat down, wondering what it was that the king wanted.
MYCROFT
It was a disappointment for Sherlock to look at his own hands, after remembering the feats of the formidable king. Sherlock was wearing gloves, which was standard for servants cleaning these weapons, to avoid leaving rusty fingerprints. The gloves, which were an old, worn pair, could not hide the weak, uninspiring hands within. These gloves had seen many cloths and oils, and the servant’s hands had known many brooms and sponges—such a disappointment, when compared to gauntlets that shined under the midday sun, and beneath them, fingers that handled bows and blades with ease.
Sherlock was not one to let something bother his beloved. He entered the room filled with clothes and crowded into John’s space. “Forgive me,” the king said, with little sincerity but much concern, “I didn’t hear you.”
Sherlock swallowed. He looked down at his feet.
“Yes, sir.”
“Actually, yeah,” I answered happily. “Like I told you before, we had a wonderful date. He’s still a little nervous, but that’s to be expected. I don’t think he’s dated much. Anyway, it’s going better than I expected.”
“Certainly not.” Sherlock knew he was probably blushing again; there was a chance that he had been doing so this whole time. “I’m sorry, sir.”
Right now, for instance, hours before their wedding, John was clearly perturbed, shifting between his feet, fiddling with the veil Mycroft had given him.
~The End~
“Oh, it’s only that you look so right here, in the forest, with the flowers. I’ve long thought you were a magical creature. You’re my pretty bee, aren’t you?”
“Valet?”
If you don’t think me inhuman, that’d be nice, I suppose!
“It’s tearing me up inside,” the king whispered.
“I’m not sure I should do this,” Sherlock stated meekly, glancing at the reins. He was sitting at the front of the stationary caravan, next to his master.
“I’m your servant, sir.” There was a great desire in Sherlock to kiss his master, but the most he could do on his own was a shy kiss on the man’s cheek. Even that was done lightly and quickly. “Yours alone.”
“No. It’s not love, and it’s not a flatmate. I haven’t got a flatmate, actually. Well, I suppose I can’t understand your situation perfectly. But I do greatly admire a chap who doesn’t think very much of me.”
With both hands, Sherlock held the item carefully, as if it were made of glass. “This is too generous, sir.”
Pride swelled in the king’s chest. “As you like,” he said.
“I will never leave you. You are the one who has saved me in so many ways—the one I want to wed, to raise my children with. You are so much more than my equal, John. You are far greater than me.”
And you want to know the specific movements?
LESTRADE
LESTRADE
“I realize that, during our first date, if I may be so bold as to refer to that evening by that description, I was not the scintillating suitor you deserve.”
Those loud, powerful sounds filling the room had to be coming from himself, but it hardly mattered to Sherlock. All that mattered was that he was with John. Who was it that was begging, endlessly entreating for more? The king did not beg, and yet he kept begging. He couldn’t stop pleading for all the love John could give him.
“Spiffing idea, I should say.”
In John’s opinion, the devastatingly gorgeous and brilliant servant deserved more respect and awe than even his master had received. Although, perhaps it was good in one way that they did not notice Sherlock; if one of them looked at the fair-skinned, dark-haired beauty for more than an instant, the king would likely find himself with a competitor for Sherlock’s affections.
“For work. The tournament is finishing up. Do you do something else for a living, Sherlock?”
Where the king had robust, manly stubble, Sherlock’s face was smooth. Most of Sherlock was smooth; he preferred to be as clean-shaven as possible, even if this had sometimes earned him mockery from peers. Rough hair hardly suited his thin body, certainly much less than it suited the broad, rugged physique of King John.
His eyes went wide when he heard himself weep, and he tried to silence himself immediately. It would be terrible if he woke William this way. But loneliness was overwhelming him, making him long so much to be loved by the man in the other bed, and John had to turn his face into his pillow, to muffle his sobs.
“It was conjectured that you might not travel so much anymore,” the servant continued, his voice so quiet that it was almost inaudible, “when you sire children.”
Every inch of the caravan spoke of its occupant’s prestige. The interior of the caravan boasted lavish tapestries and carved details accented with gold. There was a long built-in sofa on the side, cabinets, a wardrobe, a chest of drawers that was also a table, and at the rear of the caravan, a built-in bed, which spanned from one side of the large caravan to the other. From where he stood, Sherlock could see the excellent curtains that covered the side window, as well as those over another small window at the rear, above the bed. Everything in the caravan was made from the finest material.
Sherlock admired the tall, distant building, awed by the first true landmark on this adventure. There must be an incredible number of books, filled with wisdom on many different subjects, within that grand library. It astonished Sherlock to imagine all the secret knowledge that must be kept in such a place.
Lost in that angelic plea, John pushed his first finger into Sherlock.
“Is this for a case?” John asked.
There were noble, glorious people like that king, who journeyed to grand tournaments and won the cheers of crowds, and then there were plain servants like Sherlock, who never went on exciting journeys or performed great feats. Sherlock’s role in life was to clean what he was told to clean, fetch what he was told to fetch, and try not to get caught when he got intolerably bored from the cleaning and the fetching and did something he shouldn’t.
Sherlock did not know how to quell his own desire when John was so beautiful. “Was that all right?”
“I want to take you in my bed tonight, Sherlock,” John whispered.
“In the church,” John said faintly.
“Don’t worry. It’s all right.” With all the tenderness in the world, the king slowly eased out of Sherlock, and then slid back in.
Is it so difficult for you to believe that I wanted my brother to be cared for?
You’re talking nonsense, Sherlock.
WATSON
Sherlock picked up a small object from the ground, shook the thing to free it of some dirt, and presented it to John. It was a small, dull, curved blade of metal with a curved neck that was attached to a wooden handle.
“Sherlock,” the king murmured.
“Wait, Sherlock,” John said, “could you leave the violin out for a moment?”
“But it’s not that kind of dagger. You just said it was a wood-carving knife.”
Partners in detective work, of course, is what you meant?
Sherlock stared at the multitude of flowers, stunned. John released Sherlock’s hand so that Sherlock could inspect what he saw. The servant stepped around a number of the plots, lightly touching some purple flowers. John was reminded of when Sherlock had admired the flowers at the temple they had visited earlier on their journey.
It was spectacular when the king laid his hand on Sherlock’s ache, so much that Sherlock could not keep himself from finishing. His master soon followed. It was endless bliss for Sherlock.
Take care that you aren’t.
SHERLOCK
“It looks like we’re finally leaving,” King John remarked, watching the last of the merchants finish their preparations. “We will see many places by the time we reach my kingdom. I have to admit that none of it will be new to me, but I suppose you will see many new things.”
“I often am,” John responded, without hesitation. “I was thinking about how beautiful you are, and how happy you make me.”
John took a glance at the map, and informed Sherlock that there was only one more town to visit before they reached the city that was their final destination. There wouldn’t be any points of interest very different from what they had seen already. Nonetheless, Sherlock had several questions, and John was happy to answer them.
“The man in this room,” Lestrade murmured. John tried to peek in the room over the priest’s shoulder. He could see that the room was elegantly decorated, as nice as William’s quarters if not more so. However, Father Lestrade let him look no further. “I’m sorry, John, he doesn’t like visitors.”
“No, sir. I’ve enjoyed living in this caravan with you, and seeing new places with you. But I like the feeling of being in your domain. Even if there comes a day when I must eventually find a new employer here, it will always make me happy to be one of your subjects.”
“Well, actually,” I began. Sherlock was talking so quickly that it was hard to get a word in—verging on rambling, one might almost say—but I had to clarify a point. “That was my man alone; my dear man, I suppose I can call him now! I can't say that i had any great share in encouraging John to confess."
Sherlock snorted. “Really!”
That had been a mistake. Sherlock’s victory slipped away as Mycroft stiffened. “Are you going to tell me that I should have such a scar?”
WATSON
“God, what I would do! Oh, I have no right to keep with you me.” The king’s grasp on Sherlock’s hand became a bit tighter. “No right at all.”
WATSON
“Heavens, no! I swear on the code of the Woosters, I won’t betray your secret.”
Sherlock did not seem to pay as much attention to the fort’s curiosities as he had before. He did ask a few questions still, though he mostly lingered close to the king.
John bit his lip. At last, John started opening Sherlock’s trousers, though his hands were shaking.
MYCROFT
“Oh?” John said, concerned. He wore his sleeping gown, and had just brushed his hair. It was a silly thing to do before bed, yet he wanted to look his best for William. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock.
Do you mean to say that you don’t know what dancing is?
“It is enough for me to be yours, Your Majesty,” Sherlock said, and though his heart was breaking, he meant it.
However, the king did start rubbing Sherlock’s back again, and kissed him on the forehead. It was enough to make Sherlock very happy. He did not know if it was all right for him to enjoy this temporary intimacy with his superior, but surely it could not be harmful simply to appreciate this single moment.
“As I recall, you were fascinated by the different kinds of dirt around the city. We talked about dirt.”
“My family doesn’t count.” John clasped his hands together, approaching Sherlock humbly. “This is the family I’ve chosen,” he told the king, his smile warm with love and affection.
LESTRADE
“Recipes, perfumes, medicines.” Sherlock placed his next apple in the basket that John was holding. The king felt proud to be carrying things that had captured Sherlock’s fascination.
“I was actually countering your first point—I would be delighted to be a teacher for your daughters. But I will never take a wife,” Mycroft cleared his throat, “for much the same reason as you.” He pointedly avoided meeting Sherlock’s gaze, staring instead at the flowers in the garden.
Jeeves went on, unfazed by this impromptu staring fete. “It would necessitate my resignation from the club should I reveal any sensitive information; however, I am at liberty to observe that your brother and myself share some characteristics—a retiring nature and an inclination towards careful thought, to name but two. One wonders if you have noticed this as well, and this is why you have taken to regarding me with antagonism.”
They were discussing trade in the region, though the other nobles sounded far more engrossed in the topic than King John did. In fact, there was a notable apathy in the king’s voice that reminded Sherlock of those times when unhappy moods had come over the king.
John blushed. “I’d like very much to please you.”
I doubt it. He must have been relieved to know that I would not be bothering him with letters any longer.
MYCROFT
Sherlock was nervous to be away from the king in an unknown place, but he felt welcome among the women in the brewery, who seemed to appreciate his enthusiasm for the processes they worked with every day. In any case, he had more questions to ask them, and fortunately, they were happy to answer.
MYCROFT
Sherlock breathed against the king’s shoulder. “I’m yours. John.”
Stunned by this praise, Sherlock looked at the generous king, and felt great relief when the finger gently touching his face was not pulled away. King John started moving his finger slowly down Sherlock’s cheek, making the servant shiver.
“That’s a library.”
SHERLOCK
“You would not take charity,” William said quietly, in the soft and thoughtful way that reminded John of the Sherlock he had known before.
“Mm?” William mumbled, his hold on John tightening reflexively.
LESTRADE
The pieces started to fall into place in John’s mind. He wondered, could this true? There were countless noblemen in the country, and many wood-carvers too. How could this be?
Perhaps then, the king thought, with such jealousy that it nearly shocked him, Sherlock would never want to be anywhere else.
“Half the world?” Sherlock’s tone was light and sweet.
John took a deep breath. “Sir…”
After a solid display of collaboration and discussion, John and I had chosen the restaurant for our double date. It was a nice enough place. Not so ritzy that I would be met by any nosy sorts from my social circle who would make a fuss of my eating with Jeeves, nor so pedestrian that any one of us could kid ourselves into thinking this wasn’t a date. A piano on one side and darts on the other, if you follow me. A solid balance of tablecloths and Bermuda shorts in the air. Not that I myself was wearing Bermuda shorts, however spiffing such garments are. They’re simply not the raiment one chooses when one wants to impress Jeeves.
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
I took a deep breath, taking one long look around the café, and then closed my laptop, preparing to head home to Baker Street.
LESTRADE
A great feeling of security settled over Sherlock as King John tenderly embraced him. It was an inexcusable failure for him not to drive the caravan, but his spirit was soothed when he was treated with the king’s mercy.
He had relished the time he spent there with Sherlock, but this time, John wasn’t reminded of watching his servant dance amongst the bees and candles. No, at this moment, holding Sherlock close to him, with his dear servant so vulnerable in his arms, John was reminded of the ritual bed, the place where he’d first had Sherlock under him, where he’d claimed his servant against all his better judgment.
“I’m not sure I want to hear—”
SHERLOCK
WATSON
I came here for assistance with my problem, not for tea.
In fact, sniffing the flowers as he did and jumping about the garden, Sherlock reminded John of the bees they had seen at the temple.
An uninvited surge of want rushed through the king. He tried to ignore it; there was no reason to assume that Sherlock was thinking about anything salacious. If Sherlock only wanted to talk, then that was fine. In fact, John would like that very much. “That’s fine, Sherlock. We ought to return to the inn soon, anyway.”
This surprised John, and though he was a little amused, he was also somewhat concerned. “You know I would still love you, with an heir or without, right? No matter what, I’ll be happy with you.”
“Everyone we met gave themselves away by their shoes, and their gloves. Nothing is more telling than hands and feet. I even showed that to John, when I was meeting him in the chapel. He didn’t know I was king at the time. Did I ever tell you about that?”
“I don’t care, sir. I want to serve you.”
“Certainly he’s working now. PAs are like snowflakes, John—no two are alike. My PA happens to be a paragon of PAs who does just about anything I need done, and then some. And it’s not just what I need done, either. Really, Jeeves isn’t so much a PA as a Mayfair consultant. He pulls me and my pals out of the soup at regular intervals with his brainy schemes. I fancy, now that you mention it, he’s made a unique position for himself. How many chaps could do all that he does? I’m lucky to have such a man under my roof.”
Are you done with the guns yet, Holmes?
It was nice to be given some of the wisdom gained from worldly king’s experience. Being a distinguished warrior, King John must have directed many horses in his life. Sherlock couldn’t help but remember his glorious master expertly riding a horse and wielding a lance in the tournament, which seemed so long ago now.
For a second, John wondered if he should allow so many people to admire the songs that Sherlock was playing, but such was too much jealousy even for the king to tolerate in himself. In any case, he knew that nobody in that crowd would be able to take Sherlock home with them, like the king would be able to. Nobody else would be able to sit with Sherlock at night and ask for a private song.
SHERLOCK
So don’t think for a second that I’d got to know John in order to meet his friend, the famed detective. I never thought I’d see the bloke in person, actually. Sherlock Holmes doesn't seem like the kind of fellow who trots about London joyfully shaking hands with new people and asking them how their days are going.
“Are you sure? You came in awfully fast.”
With a low, uneven growl, the king answered, “Yes, Sherlock… Exactly like this…”
Oh, ah, of course. It’s absurd to think you have gone on this long without knowing!
“Sir,” Sherlock gasped, nearly overwhelmed. “I’m yours.”
“You’re so brilliant, Sherlock,” John murmured, sounding very tired. “Don’t you know why?”
“Shh.” John kissed his cheek again, knowing that Sherlock often needed to be relaxed when they shared physical intimacy together. It was touching to be trusted to reassure his pretty servant, to ease him into the joys they could share.
SHERLOCK
Perhaps he should have been more personable with his subjects, but the king was truthfully not quite ready to accept that the journey was coming to end and he would soon be back in his castle, where he may or may not get away with keeping his beloved servant.
“You won’t tell King Holloway that I snuck into his castle to see his cherished servant, will you?” Sherlock gave him a little smile, and a sly wink.
WATSON
Holmes, I…
Well, I can’t rely on a cane when my companion draws himself into pub brawls!
Might I have permission, Holmes?
“Sherlock.” At once, King John closed the door to the caravan, and lifted up Sherlock’s tunic, swiftly getting to work on the fastening of Sherlock’s breeches. “Maybe a second time, a second time will do it…”
“That’s up to you.”
“Sir?” Sherlock bowed his head, though he stood steady, emboldened by the sweet words of his king. “Please, sir. If there is any way you want me, then have me.”
He had good reason to be grateful. By all accounts, he could only marry a woman of a royal bloodline. It was a miracle that the gods had not interfered with this secret wedding, or the evening that followed. Perhaps they knew that the relationship would only ever remain a secret.
“What will I do with it, sir?”
“And I would have told you to quiet your voice, as I must tell you do so now,” Mycroft said, sympathetically. “I am sorry, Sherlock, but these are secrets we must keep. It is what’s proper.”
“I’m the one who mustn’t disappoint you.” John caressed his pretty servant’s arm. “I told you, it’s not a pure feeling that I have for you. To be honest, I’m a selfish bastard when it comes to you. Here you look so tense, but I want you so badly that it hurts.”
When will he be back?
“I don’t see why it wouldn’t be.”
Brilliant, Holmes. Did something about my gait give away the fact that I saw a bench?
“Right ho! Sweet beloved,” I proclaimed, hamming it up like there was no tomorrow, “you are the tree from which the fruit of my life hangs, oh dear cherished sweet beloved of mine!”
Why do you find that unsettling? Given our conversation thus far,
Touched, John smiled. “The library was nice enough to let me buy the book, and it was easy to keep one of the candles we got from the temple. I purchased the cup from the brewery, and kept one of the apple cider jugs after we finished the drink inside. The chains, well, my friend owed me, so he was happy to let me to take them as a souvenir from the fortress. You know the rest.”
William glanced at the dirty grass hesitantly. He was surely above such a childish action.
John had to admit to himself that he also enjoyed the view of Sherlock from the ground. His pretty servant was wearing simple clothes, but these could do little to disguise his ethereal beauty. Sherlock’s pale skin shined elegantly against his dark, curly hair, which bobbed playfully as Sherlock moved around the bark, extending his slender arms to reach branches of the tree.
SHERLOCK
John’s fortitude was sorely tested by that remark, but he held strong. “You don’t ever need to fight it,” he said. “If you are ever troubled by your needs, all you need do is tell me, and I will take care of you. It’s my pleasure.”
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
“Find me?” Mycroft scoffed. He suddenly gave a quick kiss to Lestrade, and as if the taboo act did not ruin their respectable facade, Lestrade reciprocated. Sherlock would have been hard-pressed to explain how he felt about this display, except that it was more interesting than he had anticipated, and evidently John felt much the same.
“You need a pair of non-appalling boots, shorter ones. A sturdy cap and a small cloak, for the colder months. Make the arrangements, Lestrade. Earthy hues, if you please.”
Turning away from my laptop screen, I looked at the bloke who had spoken to me. The man seemed like someone out of a men’s fashion mag—button-up shirt and waistcoat, pressed trousers, leather bag with a shoulder strap, and I’m pretty sure his hat was a fedora. I was pretty sure the cartoon cats on his necktie didn’t fit the fashion-mag look, however, nor did his friendly smile.
MYCROFT
Doing just as John asked, Sherlock was enthralled. He had a new way to please John. He went incredibly slowly, stretching his beloved, learning what he felt like…
Sherlock stared helplessly at the ground, fingering his satchel nervously. “If you say so,” he said, in an unconvincing manner. He seemed to be thinking a lot, and gave the appearance of one trapped in his thoughts.
“He is still alive?” John asked. He had always assumed that the father of the current generation of rulers had passed away.
“You’ve clearly deduced it. There’s no need for me to say it aloud.”
A golden opportunity appeared for John to do something for his dear servant, and he couldn’t possibly pass it up. “Would you like a violin, Sherlock?”
John nearly remarked that His Highness could check for himself, but he knew better. He eyed the water level. “It’s ready.”
It was interesting to watch the activity of bees in their manmade hives, and the king graciously allowed Sherlock to choose some candles, which the king purchased for them to use on their journey.
“From the other caravan, I mean.”
SHERLOCK
“Yes, sir.” John was still being quiet. Why?
“Then it’s settled,” I declared. “It’ll be great. I’m sure Sherlock will be on board with a double date.”
The church bells tolled a slow, distinct six. It was evening, and only one man was inside, seated solemnly on the foremost pew. John, his head down and his hands clasped, was not a wealthy man, but he was a proud one, and it was a rare time in his life that he came to God in need. Murmuring the few prayers he remembered from childhood, John hoped that the words would bring order to his life, which had been torn by the dramatic conflicts of a three-year war and by the private turmoil of his family.
John tossed his rag aside, and lied down next to Sherlock.
“John, yes, p-please…”
He leaned over his servant, and slowly, the king entered him.
“Have more faith in your brother,” Lestrade admonished. “Those clothes… they belong to Mycroft.”
“Sit on the bed, Sherlock,” the king directed.
“I would keep you anyway, of course.” John almost cringed when he heard himself say these precise words. Even when he was trying to act casually, it seemed, some of his inexplicable possessiveness slipped through.
“Can you forgive me, John? You wrote of nothing short of devotion to me. I never knew,” he said, “only imagined. In any case, I have taken you up on your invitation to visit you in the castle.” Sherlock released John slightly, to cup his chin. Their gazes were locked together, and their lips were very close. In a whisper, Sherlock asked, “Is this wrong of me?”
“My God, no.”
Are you implying something? Out with it.
“I want this evening to be perfect for you. Tell me if you change your mind, about anything. I only enjoy whatever we do as much as you enjoy it. Rest up until then. I wish to do so much with you, and I want you to be ready.”
“I do not hear the sound of pouring water,” William said impatiently.
A hand tilted Sherlock’s head up. It was a gentle movement, but being guided to look up at his king, who was holding his sleepwear in one arm yet was otherwise no more dressed than he had been before, made Sherlock’s heart pound. He wanted to look at King John for hours. However, his master was expecting a response.
After a while, it was time to feed the horses. Knowing that their horse would require more than just grass, John climbed into the caravan to pour some oats into a bucket. He found Sherlock already in the caravan, doing just that.
“I’m too inexperienced to give you pleasure, not built right to give you children…”
“Siblings should be able to talk to each other about anything.”
Intense relief shot through Sherlock, and it felt magnificent, though it also made him long for more. “John, John, John…”
“No, Sherlock,” John swiftly protested, “that’s not how it is. I care about you, children or no. None of it is your fault.”
John wondered if Sherlock was somehow jealous, though that couldn’t be possible. “I work for him, Sherlock. It’s different.”
William cried breathlessly and spilled himself, his trembling slowly calming, becoming a lethargic contentment, all while John cleaned him intimately and carefully. Even if this gift was over, John was thrilled that now he had sensations to carry with him to his dreams.
“It’s a bad habit, sir. I’ve heard many conversations that I shouldn’t have.”
As if it were an entirely normal action, Sherlock lifted John’s foot and sniffed the dirty bottom of his shoe. “The dirt is not varied enough for a courier—you haven’t ventured further than a few blocks this past month.”
Every bee had its role to perform. That much was obvious from the single-minded, unquestioning way the bees went about their business. The insects seemed to know their place in life. One bee had one role, surely, and another bee had another. Sherlock was reminded of himself, the meagre servant whose role was to serve his master obediently. He thought also of King John, who had a very different role in life, one that could not accommodate a close attachment to the maid who cleaned his caravan.
“I will concede that,” Sherlock answered, with a smile of his own.
Of all the feelings he felt, the one that stirred him the most was whatever peculiar emotion made his heart stutter when he watched the king stride with confidence back towards the arena.
Surprised, John turned to look at him directly, but even as shocked as he was he could not overstep his station. He quickly looked away.
It would be so much better if they lived in a simpler world, Sherlock thought, like that of a horse. He hummed while he was thinking.
Sherlock’s voice softened as well, following John’s example. “Yes, sir?”
“Of course I’ll catch you,” John answered. He hardly needed to be reminded to stay close by, and he certainly couldn’t take his eyes off his beautiful servant.
Yes, you were. Celebrating the case you just solved for us?
“Good, Sherlock.” Gradually, John picked up his speed, finding a rhythm that would slide him into Sherlock just right.
“Is that so?”
WATSON
Bertie was all sympathy. “Hasn’t worked very well, I take it?”
Taste is an often-overlooked sense when it comes to criminal investigation.
The king lowered his gaze, to where Sherlock sat. “I suppose so.” His eyes didn’t stay long on Sherlock, though, instead wandering back to the fire, to that unknown sadness that seemed to haunt him. “Good night, Sherlock.”
“Why should you want it to be a simple world, Sherlock? I thought you liked how complex everything is. Haven’t you said that all the new and different things you’re seeing on this journey are exciting?”
John hoped he hadn’t offended the nobleman with the presumptuousness of his question. “Um, the man who owns the warehouse three blocks down. I wouldn’t call him a kind man, but he gives me an honest wage.”
It’s not… that….
Sherlock could feel his heart start to beat faster. “Yes, please, John, if you want to.”
“You want to… touch me, sir, right now?” Sherlock asked, surprised.
“I couldn’t stop thinking about him again,” I murmured. “I had to write it all down. I know that’s stupid, and I’ll delete it in a minute, but, I don’t know. I think I just wanted someone to see it. You don’t have to read it. I mean, it’s silly, isn’t it? Is it that bad? Bertie?”
MYCROFT
Though Sherlock knew little about the warriors in the tournament, the fact that the man was a king had been abundantly clear. Most obviously, the man wore a crown, and he was finely dressed. This was no mere prince, however, as he held his head with the command of one who made important decisions, and he walked with the step of someone who expects others to make way.
The building seemed to be in a constant state of activity. Presently, there were some people bringing barrels to the neighbouring building, which had a sign with blessedly familiar words that proclaimed it to be an alehouse.
LESTRADE
perfect for me,” Sherlock whispered, desperately. “I don’t care if you are a man, or a commoner.” He kissed John’s shoulder. “I want John Watson.”
I stared at Bertie, waiting for some implication to sink in.
“I have you.” John placed a pillow under his servant’s rear, and began preparing Sherlock with the oil, as careful as ever with his beloved servant.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the strange statement. It was true that Sherlock was at least planning to acquire a child, but there was no way his brother could know anything about that. What was Mycroft up to?
SHERLOCK
“Uh, yes? I don’t think we’ve met. I w-would’ve remembered meeting you!” John stammered nervously to the former king.
William guided John to a carriage, and they were driven further into the countryside. It was a long and peaceful drive, during which John was happy to look out the carriage window and marvel at all the responsibility William had to watch over all this land. Eventually, they arrived in a small town unfamiliar to John. After leaving the coachman to relax at a tavern, William headed off with John to walk past the homes and lands belonging to farmers.
You ought to have known that, considering that you have lived with me for a week. Did you not notice the message sent from Inspector Lestrade?
MYCROFT
“I’m afraid I will take liberties, sir.”
“I am, sir.” Filled with excitement for the voyage they were about to set off on, Sherlock eagerly took his place on the driver’s bench, though not knowing how to direct a horse, he did not grab the reins. “Oh, um, did you want me to drive, sir? I’m afraid I don’t know how. I’m sorry.”
“I’ve got you, Sherlock, oh, you’re so incredible.” Each word was truly a balm for Sherlock’s besotted soul, invigorating his heart in the spiritual and physical realms.
There was another long pause as he considered me.
John’s hand stopped. “Are you having second thoughts?”
Perhaps I should ask Inspector Gregson; I have heard he dances reasonably well at the charity balls.
Almost breathlessly, John said, “We’ll have to get you a pair that fits, then.”
SHERLOCK
“Servants are often in a position to overhear things, aren’t they?”
It had been incredibly endearing when the servant had been startled by the appearance of a stranger, and had dropped the sword. In a way, this seemed natural. It was evident to the king that the sharp, aggressive object did not belong in Sherlock’s hands.
LESTRADE
This was a gift in its own way, though, being trusted to hear William gasp and feel him throb with desire. John held his king’s hips more firmly and sucked him, enjoying the rush of such a taboo act and appreciating this closeness he had with his dear Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock did not want to fail his master. He would do anything to serve King John.
It is simple. One side of your bag has a protruding pouch, which would be uncomfortable against your leg, so you carry it with this side facing out. This means you placed the bag on the table with the protruding side facing away from you. It is facing toward the direction to your left, so you carried it with your left hand. Therefore, you generally carry your cane in your right hand.
“That is promising news. Undoubtedly, that will make for an exciting tournament.”
The convoy visited the town, for a short period of time. Much of the convoy was eager to reach the city, and they only stayed long enough to gather the supplies that were needed for the last part of the journey. Some of the townspeople were excited to see the king’s caravan, but John tried his best to avoid them.
“Absolutely. In any way you’ll have me, sir.”
William was deeply touched. “I merely observed,” he said, though he could not keep his tender feelings out of his voice. “But my dear John, there are some things I do not know.” He pulled the sheer curtain around his bed apart so that he could climb onto it. “Join me?”
“If you are to appear to acquire a legitimate heir, you must be married somehow.” Mycroft raised an eyebrow expectantly.
It dawned on Sherlock, why the king had not seemed fully satisfied from his intimacy with his servant. He did not care deeply for Sherlock as he would for some cordial, noble lady. Nor should he, if he was to be a fitting king.
“Sherlock. That’s an unusual name, but a lovely one. It suits you well.”
It is magnificent.
“Don’t be scared, Sherlock. We’ll be fine. I have my sword, and the convoy probably scared off a lot of the animals around here. We should be able to see the campfires soon.”
“That makes them sound a lot more impressive than they really are, believe me.”
Not sure of what he was allowed at this point, John carefully approached. “Of course.” His eyes too guilty to wander, he swiftly helped William undress, and aided his step into the bath clouded with bubbles.
“Sherlock,” John murmured, his voice low and fond. Strong hands grasped Sherlock’s hips with a firmness that was absolutely perfect. John’s hold on Sherlock was comforting and affectionate as he plunged into Sherlock, filling him with ecstasy with every passionate thrust.
In the dark, Sherlock felt his way back to the sofa, and lied down, hoping he had not bothered his master too greatly. He had been foolish, making such an offer to the king, when undoubtedly the king had his pick of much finer bedmates.
“Who?”
If the two chaps in question both consent to the arrangement and sincerely care for their partner, if they have nothing short of devotion to each other, then why would it matter to others if they fulfill a deep, hidden, powerful desire to… dance together?
It was beyond Sherlock’s capabilities to speak at that moment. His desperate need for anything that the king could offer him gave him the strength to nod.
“So, Sherlock, what did they say?”
WATSON
For not the first time, John was touched by how much Sherlock wanted to serve him. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
“Anything, sir. I would do anything for you.”
Immediately, John brightened. “I would like that.”
Still wearing the gown and bonnet he had worn to bed, Sherlock found his cloak and satchel in the darkness, and laced up his boots quickly. He quietly slipped out of the inn where he was supposed to stay, and moved silently through the sleepy streets of the town, to the finer rooms where the king was lodged.
expensive car.
SHERLOCK
If you told me more, I might be able to help you, and perhaps spare you some wasted effort. You may be placing yourself in a position where you will be disappointed. I still do not know why would wish to see Mr. Holmes, but… you would find his physical appearance unexpected, to say the least.
What was he to do?
“Good. I want to show you something.” John strode to a chest where some items were kept that had been moved from the caravan, and one by one, starting placing objects on the table, next the violin.
You are always wearing those spectacles, even when it is only the two of us. You took them off for your disguise, didn’t you?
“Neither could I,” the king said. “But I don’t think you were kept up for the same reason.”
“Sir,” Sherlock said, “what did the monarch do with the woman?”
Come now, Mr. Holmes. I admit that you’re a clever fellow, but there must be things you cannot do, that I can help you with.
In the morning, Sherlock woke first. John was still deeply asleep. Perhaps his empathy had got the better of him. As draining as caring for William must be, it was really no surprise that offering a sympathetic ear to the other royal brother as well had tired John. Sherlock could not help reaching for John’s face, which had softened in sleep. A strand of John’s hair was brushed aside, and the privilege of touching his servant roused Sherlock’s heart.
“If there are girls,” Sherlock smirked, “teaching them about womanhood will be
“Oh.” At the incredibly intriguing sight, hope filled Sherlock’s chest. Perhaps if King John was frustrated enough by his physical desires, he would settle for something less than he deserved. “A man’s needs, like you said before?”
King John’s footsteps sounded loud against the wooden floor of the caravan as he stepped closer. “I tried to tell myself,” he said, “that I would be satisfied, that it was enough to have my pretty servant in my bed that one time. By any standard of decency, that one time was one too many.”
John started to relax, which made Sherlock very happy.
“Welcome, John,” Father Lestrade said. “I’m glad I saw you. Your clothes just arrived. I had them sent to King William’s quarters.”
I do not care who you are.
“Mm,” William hummed, mostly to himself. He was engrossed in his hobby. His attendant’s presence was hardly worth noting.
When they pulled apart, John gasped, “Sherlock?”
LESTRADE
John sometimes wondered if this servant wasn’t too precious to be left alone with him. “I’ll do it for you, if that’s all right?”
There were tracts of farmland all around them, with the fields leading to a quiet village in the distance. The town seemed smaller than the one Sherlock had known, though it had one very remarkable feature. A large structure, towering in height above all the other buildings, could easily be spotted rising from the centre of town.
“I am the one who tricked you,” Sherlock reminded him, with a sympathetic smile, as if that would help. “Why shouldn’t you have come?”
Ah. He has not seen you before, and you do not want him to see you.
“Jeeves knows more than he’s letting on, John.” He eyed Jeeves intensely, not that looks of any intensity had any effect on Jeeves. “His club possesses a book with sensitive information on those who employs its members. That book has information I want.”
I suppose it does not matter, in any case. He would have stopped writing to me, eventually.
“That’s right. I told King William that you needed a cross,” John said. “You can keep a secret, too, right? Did you know he likes to carve things out of wood?”
“You don’t believe in accepting charity of any kind. Why would you believe this is charity?” William sat up straight, and extended his arm further to help in John’s task. “You see me as I am, a ruler above all other men,” he stated haughtily. “I don’t employ you out of generosity. You are a healer, and a soldier. You are useful, that is all.”
“I will know it. And the garden knows it, too. This forest is in my kingdom, so we can come back here anytime. Whenever we do, that carving will still be there. And we’ll still have each other, too. So forget about everyone else, all right? If we make each other happy, then what else matters?”
WATSON
WATSON
Sherlock could read the tension in Mycroft’s hunched position easily, but he had no idea how to say something about it. He looked around at the other tavern patrons, wishing that one of the normal people who knew how to talk about things could do this for him.
“Shouldn’t I?” As all of Sherlock’s people knew, the afterlife was a very real and important part of existence to prepare for.
SHERLOCK
“You could say it does,” Bertie replied. “A little pricier than the old place—Chrichton Mansions if you know it, not too far from here, nice enough spot but not well stocked with lovers of loud music—but I like it.”
John groaned, without meaning to.
There was a loud clang. It startled Sherlock, though he should have seen it coming. The sword he had been trying to clean had fallen onto floor.
It was tempting to imagine what it would be like to be married to King John, and certainly, such imaginings only fanned the flames in the servant’s body. Sherlock hardly considered the perks of being royalty; he thought only of the king talking to him sweetly, and kissing Sherlock wherever the king liked. Sherlock might find a way to bear a child for the king, or he might not, but he would be a caring spouse nonetheless, seeing to all his responsibilities so that all ran smoothly in King John’s esteemed household.
“Well, let’s just keep it between us? Lucky you, you’ve got me for a master, and I couldn’t care less. In fact, it works well for me. I don’t have to listen to boring nobles if I have someone to do that for me!”
A number of arrangements would have to be made. The pharaoh would have to commission his particular scroll privately, and make sure that nobody found out about Sherlock’s wish to blatantly defy sacred tradition. Furthermore, the necessary spells would have to be worked out, and that task alone would present a number of puzzles for him to solve.
The king prepared him for a long time, with so much care that even when Sherlock whimpered and tried to push himself back, to take King John’s touch further into himself, his master held him still, and murmured comforting words to him that put him at ease, as much at ease as he could be when he ached to be used by the fine man who had taken his heart.
“Well, um, not really, sir.”
“It does suit you, in a way,” John remarked.
Sternness abruptly set into Sherlock’s face, and his chin slightly rose. “Do not call me Sherlock. That is not who I am here. You will address me as King William.”
Probably without consciously intending to, John looked at William’s arm, where he had been injured those years ago. It was the gaze of a man who wished to soothe and heal. “As m’lord wishes,” John said, his voice matching the comforting power of his eyes.
“It’s fine,” King John said. “Really, it’s all right. There is some excitement in the tournament.” The strange melancholy remained, though he was forgiving to Sherlock at least. It was more than Sherlock deserved, in the servant’s opinion. “I should be going now. Goodbye, Sherlock.”
“Father,” Sherlock continued, “what does my brother mean to you?”
“John?”
Lestrade! Lestrade was the answer, of course, how could he not have thought of it sooner? But that man was impossible to find in this castle! It seemed that everyone else knew where the priest was, and if this issue was not of a confidential nature, then William could simply order a servant to send a message through unimportant channels to Lestrade. However, considering the extremely sensitive nature of the issue, William was required to speak to Lestrade in person.
John turned away, avoiding the king’s gaze. “It’s my fault that your wedding was a ruse… I should’ve been perfect for you, sir.”
“Excuse me, but you have the look of a man who’s in a bit of a rough spot. In fact, you look just like my old pal Gussie whenever he’s taken away from his newts. He’s a newt fancier, you know. I think he studies them, for some reason or other.”
Sometime during their tour, some nobles came by who wished to speak to King John. They had heard of his arrival, and wanted to discuss some important business about the region with him. The king agreed to speak with them. He arranged to meet his servant later, in the alehouse next door.
Bertie, however, simply smiled and waited.
“You’ve lived a regimented life,” Sherlock concluded. “Clear rules and traditions all the way through. It’s really no wonder you’re afraid to be closer to your employer, since doing so would mean throwing away all the rules you know so well. And you do have a few traits in common with Mycroft—stuck-up and manipulative come to mind.”
“Louder, love…”
“Wait, Sherlock. Maybe it doesn't have to be like that.”
With a burst of energy, which was in sharp contrast to the melancholy he had been walking with before, Sherlock shot forward to investigate the clearing, and John happily followed, as grateful as ever that Sherlock could so quickly become fascinated with a mystery. They stepped onto the short wall and over it, entering the glade just beyond.
John spent whatever free time he had, in the days he had before services, asking around in various public houses and shops for the whereabouts of Sherlock Holmes. To his surprise, he found nobody who had ever heard of the man. He cleaned himself up as well as he could to inquire in the more posh establishments, but even there the name was unfamiliar.
Sherlock’s excitement instilled similar feelings in John. Happily, he escorted Sherlock past the trees where apples were being picked, through the area where these apples were cleaned, to the shed where the fruit was ground into a mash.
“I won’t use you that way. Like I said, I’m here to protect you. Go to sleep, Sherlock.”
Sherlock grasped John’s hand, and pulled his servant closely to him. He took his time to kiss the shorter man on his cheek, and then his neck. John moaned softly, and the sound stirred Sherlock’s very being.
Holmes! Lestrade!
Despite that, King John’s arms soon wrapped securely around Sherlock. The king’s voice was still low, but less urgent than it had been. “My poor, sweet maid. I have been a wretched man.” Sherlock felt the king’s rough stubble on his shoulder, where his master granted him a kiss. “I’ve damned you. How can I think about making you mine, when I can’t promise myself to you?”
John busied himself with preparing the soap and sponge, trying to look like he belonged there. “I would like to.”
I thought you were solely an investigator of homicides—real crimes, I might add—not of harmless intrigues.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered. “S-Sir…”
If you do so, do visit again and inform me about the look on his face.
“Then let me sit with you. I won’t take much of your time, anyway, seeing as how I’m getting picked up in twenty-ish minutes. You’d be doing me a kindness, actually, giving me someone to talk to! I would much prefer to spend the next twenty-ish minutes in good company.”
Though King John’s eyes were half-lidded, Sherlock could easily see the dominance in the gaze that was holding his own. He was deeply thankful for the indomitable pull of that fixed look, because that force kept Sherlock steady, kept him from worrying if he was good enough, kept his concentration solely on King John.
Moved by the incredible innocence of his pure, lovely maid, John managed to look at him. The dark-haired, fair-skinned servant possessed an almost unearthly beauty. “Sherlock,” the king said softly, affectionately. Being near his concerned servant, and meeting his bright eyes, John couldn’t resist the aching of his body any longer. He put a hand on himself over his clothes, and started to stroke himself. “Mm, Sherlock,” he groaned.
Try as he might not to, Sherlock blushed, deeper than before.
WATSON
King John started rubbing Sherlock’s hip, which sent pleasant sensations rippling throughout the shy body of the servant. Sherlock groaned at the wonderful feeling, and his head rolled back. A great need was building in the core of his body, but it was strangely calming to feel this need stoked ever hotter by his master’s caresses.
“As a soldier, but more as a healer.”
Entirely appropriate.
After they finished performing religious ceremonies, they would talk to each other about their lives and hopes, and with every shared thought and feeling, they became closer. It had all culminated in a dazzling moment when, after they had finished a series of prayers, Sherlock had kissed John on the cheek, and had met John’s eyes with a pleading gaze. John, smiling, had taken Sherlock in his arms, slowly pulled the taller man’s head down, and initiated a tender kiss on the lips, which was readily returned.
These rituals, while intriguing to many, had long ago grown dull to Sherlock. They varied very little from day to day. However, they were much more interesting when conducted in front of John, who was impressed by the speeches that Sherlock had committed to memory, and by the studious eye with which Sherlock judged offerings to the gods.
“Oh?”
“You’re not working right now,” I reminded him gently. “You can give the ‘sir’ business a rest.”
I do well enough on my own.
WATSON
Surprised, I asked, “You love your flatmate?”
MYCROFT
“Thank you, sir,” Sherlock said. It was really too generous of King John to speak so kindly to his servant, especially when he was preoccupied by some trouble of his own. “Good night, sir.”
“I love you too, John.” Sherlock wondered if their love would be enough to keep them together, even though they held such different positions in the social order. “Is that enough, do you think?”
There was a breathless murmur from his servant. “Thank you, sir.”
Oh, by Jove, that is not right.
“Montgomery… He’s a coward for not fighting in battle… He’s a disappointment…” The biting words were starting to fail him.
“Oh,” William murmured.
One of the servants nodded to the priest. “Father,” he said familiarly. “Is this King William’s new valet?”
“Sir?”
It seemed that there would be a few tears more to fall from John’s eyes.
Soon, the tour was over, and John was glad for it. Eager to be alone with his servant again, he told Sherlock that they would return to the stately room that the king had been granted by his old friend. A room had not been offered to Sherlock, but that was to be expected, as John had not made any such request.
King John was saying words, yet Sherlock hardly comprehended him, so absorbed was he in his own thoughts. It could not be denied that he made a poor servant. Even when his duties were simple, he failed miserably. Sherlock would too easily give in to his boredom and curiosity, and he would sneak into places where he did not belong, or eavesdrop on conversations not meant for his ears.
What is it, Holmes?
“Where is it that you’ll be acquiring a baby from, brother mine?” Mycroft inquired. “I couldn’t help but notice from our cursory inspection of the city’s populace that people seem rather attached to their brood. They will not simply give one to you.”
WATSON
“It’s absurd of me, really, to get so jealous.”
Holmes allowed me to stay as his assistant. I like to think I’ve become a close acquaintance of his. Or is
SHERLOCK
Sherlock blew out the light of the candle, and then lied down next to his master, who, to Sherlock’s surprise and delight, placed a protective arm over the servant. It was agreeable to think that, although he might not cherish the moment as much as Sherlock did, King John might find some contentment in falling asleep next to Sherlock like this.
“I, um…” John fought a blush. He was so happy to have Sherlock sitting with him, holding his hands. When Sherlock politely took his touch away, John had to fight the urge to reach back for him.
Excellent. Let us hope you are right.
LESTRADE
What does he mean by that?
WATSON
Of course I don’t want him to see me!
This compliment was more than John deserved, and as much as he loved being admired by his servant, John could not ethically accept such praise. “I’m not so kind, Sherlock. When everyone was listening to your music, I had the urge to take you way, so I could have your music all to myself. I suppose that’s what I did, by bringing you to this room.”
John battled against his own inappropriate excitement. “No, sir, I’m here to serve you.”
So it was now. Sherlock whirled round to our table like a tornado that’s had its number called.
Eyeing the tool with curiosity, Sherlock said, “I don’t know. There’s hardly a need for a gardening tool here. Interesting.”
That’s right. Do you want to report me? I wish you the best of luck, then! It’s the word of a detective inspector against that of a servant.
“Sir,” he murmured, “are those…?”
“Oh, no, of course not. Marrying you is the greatest thing I have ever done.” For someone who held physical and spiritual dominion over the land, and made decisions that decided the fate of the country, this was no small statement, yet Sherlock felt it wholeheartedly. “I was a decent enough god, before you came along, but you make me a better man.”
Really?
“S-Sir, please, I’m yours.”
MYCROFT
Touched, John wrapped an arm around Sherlock, making his servant hum quietly.
Did one of your lackeys find me for you? I would think the government would have something better to do.
Oh, why do I persist in this self-torture? He could not possibly welcome such advances from me. There was that time he touched my face… but that could not mean as my fogged mind interpreted it. I cannot risk the thought.
“Oh, I need you too, Sherlock. I’ll do my best for you.” John took his position behind Sherlock and, at last, entered him gently, with a long groan. “Oh, Sherlock…”
No, I’m not afraid he’ll report us. I’m afraid he’ll take that cane right out of your hand and knock me over the head with it!
MYCROFT
Oh, I say.
“That sounds very agreeable,” Sherlock said. His voice quavered somewhat, and he quickly wiped at his eyes. “You, um,” he said, gathering himself, “you put my name first? The king’s name ought to go first.”
The immediate embarrassment on the priest’s face was very telling. “What John means to you, I suppose.”
WATSON
“I know, sir.” Sherlock leaned against the king’s arm, and smiled, with a hint of mischief. “But I wouldn’t want you thinking that I’d run off with another master.”
“You don’t know what you’re saying. You don’t know how terrible this is of me. You know so little about the world.”
“It’s all right, Sherlock.”
Greeting nobles, and merchants, and the whole city it seemed, John found himself recalling the people who had taken their time to congratulate him just after the tournament of warriors had ended. The formalities were as tedious now as they had been then. John recalled in particular how a group of princesses had spoken to him for what had seemed like an endless age directly after that tournament, especially since he had been eager to see once more the enchanting servant he had just met. Unfortunately, John had a duty to speak with such people, though he did not have to enjoy it.
Leave! No guests are welcome!
“Yes, and there’s more than that, depending on how much the horse is taught. The thing is that every walking speed gets a different command, though you really don’t need to know that, since a horse is hardly going to be racing when pulling a caravan. I hope it helps to understand the horse a little more, though?” King John reached forward and patted the creature, which didn’t seem to care all that much.
The servant tried to hide this fact, evidently. When musicians took the stage, Sherlock suddenly became quiet, crossing his arms and doing a very bad job at pretending to be uninterested. At first, John thought that Sherlock simply did not like the first bit of music they were treated to, a song performed by a singer and a harpist, but he soon noticed that Sherlock acted this way during every musical act.
“I rather am.” Sherlock decided abruptly that he did want his brother to know. He was adamant that the children he would raise with John were going to be raised in a whole family. “I, ah,” Sherlock looked away, “I cannot expect John to carry a child.”
“Sir?” Sherlock uttered, not comprehending his master’s meaning.
“You have the sweet scent of freshly-cut grass, of the rush plant to be more precise. At first I thought you might have been making rushlights, but there would be no reason to use grass for lighting when there are candles in this keep. In any case, you are an apothecary, and a man of herbs must know that rushes are brought to a lying-in room, for a woman nearing her delivery.”
SHERLOCK
“John told me some of them during the war. They give me something to think about.”
Dear Lord in Heaven, make him go away.
responsibility. That duty alone might be enough to compel you to finally take a wife. Though I can’t help but wonder if you’ll still be the more suitable teacher.”
The Baker Street Duo stared at him, and I joined in, strangely interested.
,” William repeated emphatically, sounding slightly more hoarse than before. He suddenly took his arm back and lifted a leg up, letting his foot rest on the bath wall.
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
Still, makes this more than a little awkward, doesn’t it? I’m supposed to be putting people like you and me in gaol, aren’t I?
WATSON
WATSON
LESTRADE
“Come here,” John said, pulling Sherlock into his arms. Sherlock easily gave in, and hummed pleasantly in the king’s hold. “There, that’s good, Sherlock.”
The need in Sherlock’s core burned so hot within him that it was almost painful. He ought to have assured his master that seeing to his needs was not necessary, but Sherlock could think of nothing other than how badly he wished for the king to touch him.
John wanted to stay on the driver’s seat of the caravan, and linger in this little home where he had come to know his gentle servant, his greatest treasure, for as long as possible. At least his servant seemed fascinated by the city and the interest of the people in their king, so that helped John come to terms with reaching the end of this journey.
“It was not very selfless of me,” Sherlock remarked. “One moment, my love.” He adored the light in John’s eyes when he said that. Swiftly, Sherlock went into his dressing room, and retrieved the discreetly hidden package he had stowed there.
“This proves it, John. You were able to put it in words.”
“You’re very kind, sir.”
Sherlock nodded. “He hasn’t made anything for me in many years. Nothing but this scarf fits me now.”
“I… Um, I overheard some nobles speaking from another caravan,” Sherlock said. “I assumed you heard them too… But I suppose you didn’t? Of course, you’re too noble to eavesdrop on people, sir.”
This is unacceptable, Holmes! You allow Lestrade to hold you in that manner?
Please, hurry back.
SHERLOCK
“Oh?” Lestrade, apparently understanding that this would be a serious conversation, took a seat, glancing between John and Sherlock in curiosity.
There was another element to the weapons that Sherlock appreciated as well: those who wielded them. He was more than a little intrigued by the warriors themselves, who spent hours honing their skills in combat, who held great strength in their arms, and in their force of will. It was compelling to see experienced fingers neatly pulling an arrow back, or muscles being flexed as a lance was thrown heroically. Thinking of what he had managed to glimpse in the tournament so far, remembering the exhilarating displays of fortitude against ever-stronger opponents and ever-changing challenges, Sherlock felt his heart start to beat a little faster.
Every word of warning conjured images of adventure in Sherlock’s mind. He couldn’t have imagined anything more exciting than joining a convoy for a long journey, during which there would be thrilling challenges to overcome and unique places to explore.
John’s old friend lived there, as did a small number of warriors who were responsible for the upkeep of the fortress. There were also many young trainees who came to this castle to learn the art of war from more experienced soldiers.
He could not tell his brother about John. Montgomery could not be trusted with anything that was precious to William. He would just mock it and boast about how superior he was to the overly excitable, inexperienced boy who had taken his throne…
How glorious it would be, to bear King John’s child. Sherlock shuddered from pleasure at the thought, helpless to the elation he felt when he thought of serving his master in such a way. He did not know how a male like himself could perform that duty, but all the same, he found himself contemplating what it would feel like, if he were perhaps made differently, to be filled with the king’s seed. It singed his nerves to think of his master somehow using him, if only as an obedient maid who would carry the fruit of his loins, who would nurture the king’s royal essence so that it would grow into a strong and healthy heir.
“My God, Sherlock,” John whispered. He knew it wasn’t decent to accept such an offer from his beloved servant. But how could he possibly resist? “Do as you like, Sherlock, you can do anything.”
There is no danger. I can identify an approaching step easily.
“I know it’s not proper of me, in any sense,” Lestrade admitted. “I hope you can still allow me to be your chaplain.”
“I can trust you?” John asked.
SHERLOCK
“Ah, well, thank you, sir.” Sherlock felt his cheeks burn from the king’s polite flattery.
“I’m not a boy,” Sherlock protested. “And there will be little sympathy to be had. Mycroft and I are nothing alike.”
There is no need to be unpleasant. When I was trained, the only system I learned for reading and writing for those who are blind was raised lettering.
“The cloak is not done yet, though.” Lestrade smiled. “It’ll be worth the wait. You won’t be disappointed when you see it.”
Finally, it was the king’s manner with the bow that assured his status to Sherlock. Who else but a king would stand with that commanding bearing, standing with impeccable form, his feet perpendicular to the target, his grip confidently relaxed on the bow handle, his fingers easily pulling back the string?
Genius, Holmes, how did you figure that out? Now pay attention, we’re going to count to three.
When they were dressed at last, it felt surreal to John. William was again in his regal finery, and John, who hadn’t received his order of clothes yet, was revealed by his worn raiment to be only a peasant.
It had been a ridiculous thing for the servant to do in any case. Even if he were a little bit appealing to the unattainable king, Sherlock would have hardly known what to do to satisfy his master. He had no experience of doing anything physically intimate with another person.
Peering intently at the screen, Bertie said, “Sherlock? I feel like I’ve heard that name before.”
“Jeeves,” he said, “are you prepared to make a deal?”
Blushing furiously, Sherlock buried his face childishly behind the translucence of his mug. Yet strangely, though Mycroft was chuckling at his discomfiture, a heavy weight was lifted off Sherlock’s shoulders.
Suddenly, the veils made a lot more sense.
Sherlock finished playing, and bowed when John gave him applause. Holding the violin under his arm, Sherlock moved back to the case.
Sherlock had never before seen so many giant vehicles at the same time. The convoy was a group of many caravans that would be travelling together. These enormous, horse-drawn carriages were equipped for living in, though they all varied considerably in size and colour. There were some that were like mobile tents, with canvas stretched over curved wooden frames. Some of the caravans had wooden roofs. Some had the door at the front by the driver, some at the side of the vehicle. A few of them even had chimneys to accommodate a fireplace. All of them had big, sturdy wheels that were necessary for long journeys.
“I might lose c-control of myself…”
John nodded briskly, and though William had tried to speak lightly, his servant still retained some of the formality associated with receiving a command, retracting his arms back to his sides. Yet John was smiling. “Yes, sir. Absolutely.”
Sherlock sat in his meeting room, now empty save for himself and several vacant chairs. He had just had a meeting with idiotic advisers. It was a far more tedious process than it should have been to announce one’s upcoming wedding to the public.
William uttered dismissively, “That does not matter now.”
Watson? You want Watson to see us sitting intimately together, to make him jealous? Why, you’ve never asked me to do anything so dangerous, Holmes!
“As you have mentioned.”
The servant felt himself flush at the praise, but thanks to the commanding gaze of his master, which was steady even as the king gave in to the basest part of his nature, Sherlock managed not to turn away in embarrassment. He could hardly look away when doing so would be defying the king’s will.
“I love you, sir,” John whispered. “I really do like calling you things like sir sometimes. It makes me feel like I belong to you, and that’s really nice. But I like calling you Sherlock too. I’d like to be your equal. Does that make sense? Can I want both of those things?”
I cannot speak for Watson with confidence, but as for myself… I’m sure you understand, Inspector, why I’ve kept this information from you.
Probably for lack of anything better to do, John opened the door for Lestrade. “Um, I’m glad it’s all okay.” He smiled at the Father. “You’re certainly the most open-minded priest I’ve ever known.”
It did not take them much longer to reach the village. The convoy was cheerfully welcomed, particularly after many members of the group purchased goods and rented accommodations for their stay, which would be a couple of days. For a few of them, the library was their final destination, though some newcomers wished to join the convoy from this point, and required time to prepare. For the most part, their group remained unchanged, and only wished to enjoy the advantages of the town’s marketplace and great library before their journey continued.
In an intimate move that made John’s body ache for more, William moved his legs to entwine with his servant’s. John was mortified and delighted all at once when he felt William’s thigh against his crotch.
LESTRADE
He saw a small smile. “I never thought I would do this with you, m’lord… It’s, its so… sinful, but it feels so right when you do it… Oh, that’s…” John groaned when Sherlock touched him deeply again.
John could see the familiar signs of Sherlock’s nervousness. The poor servant was shaking, and he wouldn’t look directly at the king.
“Can’t say that I do. I’ve done this and that, drew up an article for my aunt’s website, tried a bit of music now and then. But truthfully, it’s the toil of my inheritance that funds the flat.”
WATSON
Oh, of course not. He is not one for legwork. Now, please offer me an hour of silence before my client arrives.
John was stunned by the question. “Really?”
Ultimately, one of John’s hands drifted away from Sherlock’s leg, to the sign of Sherlock’s arousal that was bobbing gently in the air. “It’s time for you to come for me, Sherlock.” John stroked his servant, in time with the king’s rhythm.
are not interested.
“Yes, sir?”
SHERLOCK (O.S.)
“… Oh.” At least it sounded a lot less like charity now. “That’s like selling myself into slavery!”
LESTRADE
Sherlock followed, of course, as they left the alehouse, and headed down a street in the town.
“Shh, it’s all right,” John whispered, as he calmly attached Sherlock’s wrist to the bedpost. He adjusted the chain so that Sherlock would be bound, but not uncomfortable.
“He would love to. Brother mine, would you come here a moment?”
“M’lord wants me to have a new wardrobe,” John told him. “He thinks you have a knack for picking out clothes.”
“Really!” the woman said happily. “How exciting for him. Would he like to see what he’s in for? William loves meeting people.”
Flattered, John simpered. “Um, thanks. But you—he—has been so truly kind, and attentive.”
SHERLOCK
“Except for a servant,” John whispered. “I can’t count on anyone always being there for me, but… a servant will do whatever their master asks, so a master doesn’t have any reason to leave their servant, right?”
I may not be Sherlock Holmes, but while he is out, perhaps I could assist you in whatever matter has brought you here? Mrs…?
