A woman's voice, close at hand, rang out across the grounds. There was power and strength in every word; not a hint of fear could be detected.
Dean, though caught slightly unawares, had quick hunter reflexes that certainly served him here. He lunged almost automatically with his Demon blade and managed to shove it right into the gut of the nearest Leviathan. The humanoid creature didn't die, but it did fall hard and that gave Dean time to address the second monster.
Sam did so, hating himself. He had failed his mother. This was it.
Dean snorts slightly. “Yes, Cas. Do you even have to ask, considering you practically had me begging for it by the end there? And what about for you? Have fun?”
"Excellent. Then I suppose you would have no qualms if I challenge you to a battle of wits."
Dean sighed. He would not risk the safety of his only family, and since his own happiness was already out of range, he felt apathetically resigned. He met Prince Chuck's gaze. "I can be your husband, Prince Chuck, but you must be aware that I can never love you."
"Is this how you'll kidnap me again?" Dean shouted down angrily.
Sam straightened up as well and raised his sword. "You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you."
"Ever hear of Plato? Aristotle? Socrates? Morons."
"Love?
While the two traded threats, The Man reached into the bag that was slung upon his back. He pulled out a vial of powder, a bottle of wine, and two small goblets. He set about pouring the wine into the glasses.
"Yes," Sam answered, and opened his arms in waiting.
"Do not lie to me, Kevin. You did not burn The Man in Black as I asked.
"I want to marry a mortal to further progress the relations between my kind and yours. You, Dean, are the very best of them. A righteous man, a skilled hunter, and from looking at you, probably a pretty good lay."
Dean flushed, heat radiating from his neck to the tips of his ears. Cas raised his sword. "Didn't get the memo?" he challenged. "The wedding is off."
That stopped The Man in his tracks. "You admit you do not love your fiancé?"
It's a flimsy excuse, Dean knows it, and for once he doesn't care. He's already under the covers, crossing one more line tonight isn't going to kill either of them.
Dean exhales slightly. “Relax? Who’s not relaxed?"
Zachariah rolled his eyes. "It's just between us, Uriel. While I don't intend to tell the prince to his face, even you must agree that this is pointless? No one ever comes down here –"
Dean hurried down the hall and found the door at the end. He was surprised to find it unlocked and threw it open eagerly. He stepped inside the room. Most of the chamber was behind an outfit of cell bars, with a door that was chained shut with a large padlock. Inside the cell was a thin mattress and…
him. It's not going to end this way."
To Benny the vampire, it was as loud as a bell clanging against his head. He and Sam were together in the forest, searching for the alleged secret dungeon. Benny put his hands over his ears to drown out the noise, and was surprised when Sam did not do the same. Instead, his large friend closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, as though concentrating with every part of himself.
All angels were feared lost.
"What's your problem?" Dean asked him.
a voice whispers. Sometimes it sounds like his own voice, mostly it sounds like Lucifer, occasionally it sounds like Chuck. "Go to hell," he tells his brother, but Lucifer just laughs.
You smile slightly at that. It is nice to know that there is a family here that has held itself together, regardless of how many broken pieces make up the puzzle.
"We…we don't have anything close to that."
Kevin Tran had had enough.
"I'll give you my word, then."
The woman pulled off her hood.
That night, the two men began to make plans for their future together. Dean wanted to travel far and wide, and then settle down in their own little corner of Heaven. Dean worried his father might give them trouble, however, and Castiel worried that his meager wages could not sustain a comfortable life for the two of them.
"It's alright, take a moment to catch your breath."
"What, did you really expect me to slum it just because I'm out of work? I have
It only took a moment for Dean to get his head together. He looked around for anything available to anchor him. There was a tree close to what he assumed was the edge of the pit, and it looked sturdy enough, but there was no living vegetation on it. He hadn't noticed any rope in Cas's bag, either.
He was turning out all the lights.
Benny laughed deep and pure, then reached out to help Sam to his feet.
The scowl was audible in the response. "Well, if you're in such a hurry, you could throw me a rope or branch or
Dean shrugs again. "There isn't exactly a cure, Cas. It usually only lasts a couple days and you just tough it out. We do have some cold medicine that'll help, and some cough drops for your throat. And you need to rest."
The Man in Black heaved a sigh. "My deepest condolences."
Dean blushed. "Just, you know, everything should be in order in case we ever want to...officially, I mean."
happy endings. Goodbye, Castiel." And with that, he turned the dial as far as it would go.
He needn't have bothered, Kevin had absolutely no intention of tangling with even the giant, let alone a bloodthirsty vamp.
Dean awoke with a pounding headache, his hands tied behind his back with rope. He was on a boat, in the middle of a smooth sea, with his three captors. Now the one that had taken him by surprise was sitting right in front of him, staring.
"Benny's not so bad," Sam said defensively. "And Crowley..."
"After defeating a giant back at the cliff top, there was a hand-to-hand battle right here," said Prince Chuck. He picked up a discarded syringe from the ground and gave it a sniff. "Dead man's blood, just as I suspected! A vampire lost the match and ran off that way." He pointed to the left. "But the victor ran that way."
You swivel on the spot, frustration making your fists clench.
As terrible luck would have it, they'd only gone a few more feet before something else went horribly wrong.
"Alright then," said Benny. "I guess we better get ready."
Cas runs a hand over his face, looking supremely agitated. "I'm not good at this, Dean! I don't know how it works. I didn't know I was capable of feeling this and wanting…what I want."
Sam raises an eyebrow. "Playing doctor? Cute."
"Go to hell," he tell his father, but Chuck never has a response to that.
Benny and Sam looked at each other, then back to Amara. Sam sighed slightly. "You know, I was hunting the yellow-eyed man for so long, I'm not sure what to do now."
"Rowena, what's wrong?" asked Charlie. "You've got a strange look on your face."
Benny let out a groan as he got a shallow slash in the abdomen. As a vampire, it wouldn't kill him, but it would slow him down. Which would still kill him, once they managed to get a chance at his neck.
The door of The Pit opened, interrupting Kevin's thoughts. Count Azazel strode in, surveying Kevin with yellow eyes.
"…You heard me from your room. I'm sorry I've kept you awake."
Two people were running towards them from the castle. Dean braced himself for a fight, but the concern on their faces made him think that they were perhaps friends, not foes.
Sam and Benny nodded their goodbyes, and Sam once more said, "We will repay you, Kevin. When I have finished my business, I will return here and you can count on me for whatever you need."
"Immediate!" glowered Rowena. "You rush a miracle, you get rotten miracles! I just brought a man back for you for free no less, you ungrateful –"
Dean fought the wave of despair. Cas had been 'dead' once before, and Dean had lost faith then. Cas had said he would always return to him, and Dean had to believe it this time around. He just had to.
The giant was an even more imposing figure than usual, standing atop the wheelbarrow which added another two feet to his already massive height. And, as mentioned, he was literally on fire. The flames were licking over the Holocaust cloak, but Sam felt no pain. Benny was hunched behind him, pushing the wheelbarrow with all his might. Luckily, all eyes were on Sam.
Prince Chuck's eyes went wide and wild. He snapped his fingers immediately, attempting to banish Amara back to her cell, to be locked away again.
Soon enough, they had made it to the top of what should have been the insurmountable cliffs. They hurried out of their harnesses, and Crowley grabbed a blade from his pocket and began cutting through the rope. The Man in Black was more than three quarters of the way up.
The woman stood up from her spot on the mattress and approached him. Dean noticed that despite how tired she looked, she still had a demeanor of unmistakable grace. "Not Queen anymore so much as prisoner, but yes. I am Amara. Who are you?"
She looked at Rowena and Charlie first. "Rowena, you helped me immensely. If it would please you, I would love to have you back as my Remedy Woman. With a salary twice what it was before, and luxurious accommodations here in the castle. Charlie, you are of course welcome to join her and fill your days as you choose. If there is any role you desire, it shall be yours."
Cas's eyes are certainly more dull than normal, but an unusual playfulness suddenly sparks in them anyway. "Then this may be a bad time to tell you that I accidentally sneezed on your computer."
Sam grinned. He made sure the rope was secure on his end, and then threw the other side down. The Man in Black grabbed it and began to climb. When he neared the top, Sam reached out and pulled him steady onto solid ground.
"No," The Man in Black replied, "but I do have something to tell you."
It was hell, it was unbearable, it was the worst pain he'd ever known. It was pressure and heat and sharp as a knife to his every nerve, every organ, every atom of his being.
Dean wakes in the early morning to the sound of a familiar voice saying his name. It is only because of its warm familiarity that he does not bolt up in a panicked rage, gun out and ready. Still, it's early enough to grouse. "Cas, this better be good, dammit," he mumbles, eyes still stubbornly closed.
They smiled almost shyly, and then the pull of gravity was simply too strong to resist. As they reached for each other –"
"Who are you?" Sam grunted.
Azazel nodded. "It will be done," he said.
"Well, I looked back and I swear I see a ship behind us," said Benny.
"If a hunter falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does his body make a sound?" And then Crowley's eyes flashed black.
Chuck placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "It's alright, Dean. In just a few days, we will be married and we can put all this unpleasantness behind us."
"Hello," he said.
Benny made as if to leap left, but then swerved in midair to catch The Man to his right. He'd gotten hold of his arm and wrenched it backward, but The Man managed to spin out of his grip and used the remaining momentum to kick out once again. This time his heavy boot connected with Benny's kneecap. He groaned and went down. The Man was on him in an instant, wrestling him all the way to the ground and pinning him there.
Ten-year-old Jack Kline was laid up in his room, sick with the flu. Even though his whole body ached and his stomach felt gross, he wished his mother would let him out of bed. He was an energetic kid who loved baseball and climbing trees, and was not content to lay still. After three days of being trapped inside, even his favorite video game could not keep his attention.
Crowley looked in the direction Benny was pointing. It was certainly difficult to see through the fog. Dean also looked that way. He too thought he saw a mast poking out on the horizon, gaining on them. A ship of any kind could mean salvation. Luckily, Dean had been working his ropes and had managed to break free, though the goons didn't know it yet.
Benny shrugged. "Vampires heal fast. Azazel?"
"Where'd you put my laptop? Let's watch a movie."
Dean jumped back into the fray, going for the one that had caused the injury. He grabbed ahold of him and swiped his own blade across its throat. It crumpled to the ground. Dean turned to continue assisting, but then there was a quick flash of steel. It was one grotesque thump after another as two heads quite literally rolled, and two detached bodies fell at their feet.
Rowena grinned. "Now
Cas nodded his head in stoic acknowledgment. Dean said, "But, Your Highness, may I ask - where is Chuck? Is he really secure?"
Then she gestured for Cas to step aside and took his place kneeling over Sam. She cupped one hand to his cheek and placed the other on his stomach wound. Before their eyes, the bloody mess on Sam's shirt disappeared and color started returning to his pale face. Suddenly he took a deep, gasping breath, and his eyes fluttered open. Amara stepped back to give him space.
Dean looked down at his hands on the tabletop. He wasn’t shy at all about his bisexuality, but it was always a little weird announcing it to new people when he wasn’t sure how they would react. Especially a dude that he’d met today and had somewhat inadvertently invited to a candlelit dinner. Still, for some inexplicable reason, Cas felt like someone he could trust.
Unbeknownst to Dean, Count Azazel had whisked Castiel's unconscious body down into his underground dungeon. Count Azazel had always been a man of great curiosity and science, but had very limited interests - and one in particular was dearest to his cold heart.
Dean gets up, heads to his medicine cabinet, and pulls out the aforementioned cold syrup and lozenges. He hands them to Cas. "Couple spoonfuls of this may help your nose situation," he explains. "Now go back to bed and I'll help you get set up."
He was so extremely grateful that Prince Chuck never saw fit to hinder his work, and even utilized it on several occasions.
"That does put a damper on our relationship."
"You're ready?"
The Man in Black could hear the pain and sincerity in every word, the heaviness with which the giant spoke. "Throw me the rope," he finally replied.
But it was not to be, and he was grateful that at least his burgers and homemade fries were already done and plated. Dean pulled out a lighter from one of his kitchen drawers and lit some of the candles he had around his place. He put one on the table, another on the counter, then went to his hall closet and pulled out a couple flashlights. He was just about ready to sit down to eat when there was a knock on his door.
Chuck was intensely annoyed. He knew he should have asked another angel to officiate. "Gabriel, how dare y-"
He started with a hot bath. He scrubbed his body and face thoroughly, until he was raw and fresh, free of dirt and dead skin. The next day, he visited the local barber, and had his beard shaved away and his hair cut short and clean.
Benny nodded at Castiel's body. "This man we have here – he was killed by Chuck, and his true love is still arranged to marry him. If you bring him back…well, I wouldn't bet against him making Chuck pay."
Dean's only joy now was riding alone through the countryside on Baby, whom the Prince had allowed him to bring to the Royal Stables.
Michael lowered his Angel blade and fingered the key around his neck. Castiel looked much as he remembered, save for the beard. His eyes, blazing and critical, were the same.
Uriel and Zachariah shared a quick look of shock before pulling out their Angel blades and striding towards the source of the noise. They rounded one corner, and then the second, and that's where they found Dean Winchester. He had his back to the wall and was clutching a bloody wound on his arm.
So when the Queen's only kin – her brother and Prince of Heaven himself – arrived at the Winchester farmhouse, Dean could not have cared less.
He bore the Mark well. Dean knew Cas, knew The Mark, knew how to soothe - not his soul, of course, since he doesn't have one - but his entire being.
Crowley smirked. "We shall see about that."
Without warning, The Count raised the back of his hand and struck Kevin hard across the face. The young man staggered backwards against the wall. Before he had any chance to defend himself, The Count had him by the throat.
There were footsteps on the stairs and they all turned to look. A second red-headed woman had appeared, but that was where the similarities seemed to end. Where Rowena was intimidating, this new person had an easy smile lighting up their face.
"Torture?"
"Alright," said Benny. He wasn't honestly sure what to do with himself now that Crowley was gone, but sticking by Sam was the only thing that made sense to him. "But let's get you sobered up first, huh?"
"Fine," said Crowley, and he went back to clearing a path for them while Benny retied Dean's hands. He had once again been just shy of getting the rope off.
"Where. Is. Amara," demanded Chuck, eyes glinting dangerously.
Prince Chuck choked and shuddered. For a moment it seemed that Amara was unstoppable, but then Chuck sliced with his blade, which glowed blue in his hand. He cut at the smoke holding him, and though it was not solid, it withered at the contact.
"I'm not buying anything," said the woman through the door. "So you can go away."
You look at him, really look at him, and remember all you've been through together. The hell, the heaven, the apocalypse, the betrayals, the death and destruction. Saving each other, fighting for each other. The trust he gives you, the faith you put in him time and time again. The way you have always had this nagging, irrepressible sense that he belongs by your side, wherever you are. That he belongs with you.
"No! No, Chuck would have killed him, but I saved him! I had to save him!" Dean yelled back. He grabbed the man by the scruff of his shirt.
Terrible, cruel yellow eyes.
"Damn," said Charlie. "I meant to get your friend a pillow or something, he's going to be so sore!"
It was gone!
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're that smart, are you?"
The moment held, but all too soon Castiel rose to his feet. He helped Dean up as well. "We have to keep moving. Your Prince has just found us, and I can't imagine he'll take too kindly to me."
"I don't want to be like a brother to you," Cas repeats. And then he rests his forehead against yours and
They managed to make it to the gleaming portal with only one more altercation – an easily dispatched lone vampire.
A pause and then, "Okay."
All he had to do was imagine Dean with perfect clarity. From his eyes to his freckles to his smile. To the soft skin of his cheek, the slope of jaw, the tattoo on his chest. His lips, soft and supple.
There was a section of the castle in which Dean had never stepped foot. In fact, he had no idea that the lower chamber existed, or that Queen Amara herself was held captive there. For more than three years, she had been her brother's prisoner, her powers bound by an ancient spell.
And so Dean was able to pass them without incident when he entered the castle grounds. A couple of the men even nodded their heads respectfully as he passed. He was the royal betrothed, after all.
The red-headed witch rolled her eyes. "Fine, fine," she said. "Take him down the stairs. I have a work table down there."
"What the—" Sam began, but Benny turned his head upward. A figure stood silhouetted in a window frame, three floors above them.
He settles deeper into the blankets, but makes sure to respect the space between them. Faster than he could have imagined possible, he's falling asleep to the sound of Cas's somewhat awkward breathing.
The man's eyes were alive with malice. "Like you don't know, you idjit! Not a lick of sense, and yet you're supposed to lead us? You're no better than the monsters you hunt. Your true love lives and you spit in his face!"
Maybe he's lost his mind again. Maybe you both have, because you have yet to push him away.
Chuck shrugged. "Not to worry, love is the last thing I need."
Because he now knew the truth. The Queen was not ill. She was a captive, just like Cas, and had been for years. She was a figurehead for her brother's combative rule. Queen Amara had not called Cas back into action so long ago – Chuck had.
The black smoke dissipated though the air still felt thick. Rowena and Queen Amara approached Benny, Dean, and Castiel.
straight.
Once he was fairly sure they weren't currently being stalked, Dean decided it was safe enough to speak. "Hey, Cas? I was kind of wondering, how are you alive? Not that I'm not thrilled, but I thought Cain got you?"
"But Cas - that's only if you survive! A war with demons - it ends bloody. And if you refuse to serve?"
Cas seems to read the anxiety on his face. "No, I mean, because you're going to get sick now," he explains.
The Count turned, headed up the stairs and exited, leaving Kevin to his unpleasant work.
"Who's there?" he called.
Cas shook his head, looking pained. "Dean, I
“You’re staying,” said Dean matter-of-factly, and he was already on his way to the kitchen to start making up a second plate. “Come on, burgers are my specialty and I made enough extra. Lettuce, cheese and tomato okay, Cas? Do you go by Cas?”
John Winchester watched the color drain from Dean's face as he read the news. "Son, are you alright?"
You're not sure time will ever be enough to fix this, but you don't mention it. "Thank you, Jody. You don't know how much this means to me."
"You're very spry."
And unlike Dean, who was currently looking for a note and feeling reassurance at its absence, so now Chuck was seeing an absence as well and feeling nothing but fury and dread.
"Catch up with us after it's done," Crowley ordered Benny.
Sam dug the point in deeper against his chest. "Offer me money," he said.
to keep us comfortable!"
Dean was lightning fast in pulling out his Demon blade, and he easily could have fended off the two scoundrels, had it not been for the third he never saw coming.
"I don't care if it kills you!" Dean shouted, unable to keep his anger in check now that Chuck was in sight. "I want you to
They caught each other's gaze. Cas's eyes were no longer the glowing supernatural blue – they had faded back to their normal color, but no less beautiful than ever.
"No," said Dean.
Dean, however, was wrong in his assumption. Castiel had
Cas smiles softly. Closes his eyes again. He likes this dream.
Dean spoke to Moose so low that Crowley couldn't hear as the giant tied him back up. "Look, Moose –"
But not Azazel. The Count had turned away from Benny when it became apparent who the real threat was. Now it was just the three of them. Castiel was somewhere out of sight, two guards had fled, and the rest were strewn along the floor, dead or dying.
"Today is not your day to die, friend. But since I can't have you follow me, either…just know that I hold you in the highest regard."
“Thank you for all this,” said Cas sincerely. “I haven’t met many people here yet, and I’m glad at least one of my neighbors is friendly.”
He was protecting Dean. Again.
He rifled through the bag of supplies and quickly found a metallic can with a nozzle. Dean gave it a quick sniff to confirm and was not disappointed. Dean assessed the situation – Cas was going toe to toe with the gut-wound Leviathan and the others were writhing and limping towards Dean.
Her hair fluttered in the wind, and she looked formidable and otherworldly against the dark horizon.
"Open his mouth, please," she told Sam, who quickly obeyed and pried Castiel's stiff jaw apart.
You step back slightly, just to get him out of your face. Cas has been acting weird lately, well
Dean released the breath he was holding. He couldn't believe it was over, that they were free. He looked at Cas, and his eyes watered slightly as he felt the weight of the world leave him.
"Cas, I didn't know what soup you'd like. We have chicken noodle, split-pea, tomato, chicken and dumpling…"
Cas lifted a hand and flicked his wrist. Dean suddenly felt a tug on his back, as if he was being reeled away like a fish on a line. It was gentle enough that he was able to stay on his feet, and then he understood. While Chuck had let go of him and was distracted, Cas had taken the opportunity to put distance between him and the god.
Since there were rumors that another attempt might be made on Dean's life, Chuck had ordered that all the lowlifes from the Thieves' Forest be rounded up and held until the wedding was over.
His mom chuckled as Jack’s father sighed. She ruffled her son’s hair before leaving the two men alone. Jack’s father grabbed the nearby desk chair and rolled it over to the bedside. He removed his long coat and draped it over the back before sitting down. “Just because it says prince doesn’t make it girly, Jack, and even if it did, there’s nothing wrong with that. I’m sure you’ll enjoy it.”
There was steel in his blue eyes as Casreplied. "I appreciate your concern. I really do, and I am grateful for what you have done for me. But Dean is what matters. I will risk whatever it takes, I will sacrifice everything for Dean. Even my life."
"Why not?"
"I can hear you thinking, brother."
"The Man in Black is on our tail again. Damn, I hope Sam's okay."
Crowley rolled his eyes. "Come on, Benny, bring him along."
Chuck had searched much of the castle for Amara, and yet the only things he found were signs of general battle and havoc. Some of his best guardsmen lay dead in the halls, and when he found Azazel in the same fashion, he was blinded by rage.
"I don't know, Cas. I'm not even sure I know what this is."
Cas fought the anguish building in his chest, and instead turned to the matter at hand – Count Azazel. His yellow eyes glowed ominously, and Cas tilted his head. "I know someone who'd very much like to meet you," Cas told him.
A muscle in Chuck's cheek twitched. "Ah, sorry, Azazel, old friend. There's been a change of plans. I must finish this now."
Benny turned towards the wafting scent of The Man in a Black. He was close now, within a hundred yards, but the dense foliage and trees would make him hard to see. Benny decided to get a better vantage point and climbed to the lower branches of a sturdy tree.
Rowena turned a glare on him. "Ugh, you vampires think you know everything. Like you alone know the dead and undead? Why come to a witch then if you've got it all figured out?"
Azazel snorted like a wild boar. Kevin closed his eyes, waiting for further punishment, but it did not come. The Count removed his hand and let him slump against the wall. "Was that so difficult, Kevin?" he asked.
"Dean." Cas managed to speak through his pain, and Dean forced himself to stay conscious and look towards the angel. His angel.
"There are rumors among the brute squad that Prince Chuck took a captive to a secret lab. It could only be him."
Cas snorted over his beer, and Dean felt a swoop of disappointment. But then his neighbor shot him a warm smile. “I’m sorry, I just can’t believe the coincidence. I am
Cas braced himself against the handrail and began his descent. Each step was careful. He was afraid he would not be able to correct himself or catch himself if he started to fall.
Dean grinned at them. "What's up, Uriel? Zachy?"
Benny, Crowley, and Dean had made it further along and were now surrounded by vegetation. The trees blocked most of the sunlight and made everything look dark and wild. Crowley was hacking at some underbrush with a long knife, making a poor attempt to clear a path for them while Benny had Dean's own Demon blade pointed at him for extra security.
"Let's go see, then look for Castiel and Dean. I really hope Cas has found him by now, you know he won't leave here without out him."
“Cas. What are you --?”
She pulled the bellows away, then leaned in to speak directly into Castiel's ear. "What's so important, handsome? What about this rotten world is so worth sticking around for?"
"Don't apologize, Cas, you can't help it. Anything I can do?"
The Count smiled twistedly at his servant. "Kevin, we have a new subject. I'd like to you to dress his wounds so that he will be ready for The Machine later."
Benny, Sam, and Dean had just made it back to the main gate when Prince Chuck appeared directly before them.
Jack beams at them, shiny eyes and still with that ear-to-ear grin. He goes closer to inspect the cake that promises chocolatey goodness.
Dean, however, did not have much interest in the villagers. He had only a few hobbies - hunting monsters, riding Baby - his beloved horse, and teasing the former angel and current farmhand, Castiel.
"We're leaving," Sam announced.
The two hurried forward. Soon the grassy land gave way to dense trees, and shimmering in front of them - a thin golden line split the air, like a crack in the universe. Which it basically was.
Gabriel grinned a little too heartily. He looked over at the grooms and at the audience behind them. There were members of Heaven's Great Council, the Royal Guard, a smattering of rich noblemen among the crowd.
Dean wonders if Cas can feel his pulse quicken at his touch. He tries not to think about it.
"Oh, certainly. For a price," she said. "Ten thousand and I'll have him rarin' to go."
Cas squinted at him with interest. He watched as Dean made his way through the apartment, then laughed when he caught on to what the other man was doing.
"You're amazing," said Sam.
Gabriel grinned. "It's meta, don't worry about it, your Princely-ness."
Sam was on fire. Of course, he hadn't exactly liked the plan, but he did have a certain trust that Castiel could get them through anything. That was the main reason to bring him back in the first place, after all.
"What about this?" asks Cas, pointing to the lower left of the screen. He glances at it, then back to Cas. "You want to watch The Princess Bride?"
"You're just stalling," said The Man.
Dean quickly stepped through to the other side of the wall and waited for it to complete its rotation back into place. Once he was sure his tracks were covered, he pulled out his Demon blade. Unfortunately, he knew it would not be enough.
Dean bit back his frustration. Perhaps he'd have another chance later to convince Sam to help him.
"Shut up or I'll make you," responded Crowley, pressing the blade harder against Dean's throat, though not enough to break skin.
“Good weird.”
Chuck sighed. "We'll see about that, Dean," he said, and then, from nowhere, a blade appeared in his hand, while the other remained clenched on Dean's throat. The god brought the point of it to Dean's face, against the skin of his cheek.
Rowena clearly wasn't sold. "I'll just ask him, dear," she said.
Cas felt a wave affection for his old friend, but he could not waver from the truth or his mission. He responded carefully. "Michael, the first of your worries is a certainty, I'm sorry to say. Prince Chuck wants war, and he'll tell whatever lies he needs to in order to achieve it. Angels will die and he won't care. As for the Queen…I'm not sure. However, I would not exactly put it beyond the realm of possibility. I hope to find the truth as I rescue Dean Winchester."
"It'll be a
Prince Chuck scowled. It was an ugly, pitiless look. He snapped his fingers.
“Um, sure. To both,” he replied.
He considers going to grab the heater from his room when Cas says quietly, "We can share the blankets if you want. I don't mind."
It's only when you make it to your truck that you fully realize how there's absolutely nowhere for you to go.
"That's a relief," said Sam. "With these horses, we may actually stand a chance of getting away." Sam nodded towards the horses, which Benny still had by the reins.
“Figures,” said Dean. “Seems it’s always California to New York or back again. Come for work, I’m guessing?”
Up close, Dean could see the grizzled and gruff look of the man. He had a beard and strange hat that none the less suited him. He raised a gnarled finger in Dean's direction and booed at him again.
He didn't have to wait long for the answer.
And he goes, of course he goes.
They don’t say it aloud, but they don’t have to – it’s in everything they do and it’s in the way Dean says his name. It always has been.
Benny shifted his weight from one foot to the other. He could feel the energy of the place, and while nothing seemed sinister, magical resonance had always made him uneasy. This was clearly the room in which Remedy Rowena worked spells of all kinds.
And so in just a few days, Dean had moved into Heaven's castle and prepared to become royalty.
Crowley, in his infinite wisdom, decided that he couldn't risk Dean learning the way to the secret gates of Hell in the last leg of their journey, so he blindfolded him. If the hunter managed to escape, perhaps his disorientation would last long enough for him to be recaptured. Not that he intended to let him escape.
"Castiel is alive. I sorted him out, and now they're all off to storm the castle. What could you possibly need to give them, if you don't mind me asking?"
. He can’t help it; he thrusts into Cas’s mouth, several times in fact, and the angel takes it like a god damn champ.
Dean quickly rolled up all the parchment and notes he could find and stuffed them into his inner coat pocket. He would take them and read every line, learn all of Chuck's dirty secrets, and then perhaps he would have an answer on how to save himself and Cas.
The Man in Black's eyes were alive with malice, but he had no retort.
"I loved her very much," Sam confessed. "I was only ten, but I challenged the yellow-eyed man to a duel. I lost. He left me alive, but just barely. My Uncle Bobby found me later that night, broken body curled around the sword and lying next to my dead mother. He took me in after that, taught me all he knew about sword fighting, hunting, and lore."
“On second thought,” he says finally, “maybe we try it after all.”
thought Sam as he laid back down in bed. It was kind of weird to think about and probably would be for some time, but happiness and connection were nearly impossible to find as hunters, and if Dean and Cas had found that together – that was nothing short of amazing.
Benny, Sam, and Castiel traveled as quickly as they could towards the castle, although the wheelbarrow certainly did slow them down. They stopped only once, in the early afternoon, to eat the food that Charlie had packed. Much to Cas's embarrassment, Benny had to help him eat, since he still didn't have use of his limbs.
And if that was the plan, then surely restoring Castiel's grace could tip the scales in his favor?
"To the death?"
He used to be able to keep track of time, however relative it seemed. He knew millennia, and felt the years and even noticed when the humans did the arbitrary changing of their clocks. Now minutes could be days and hours could be months.
Chuck turned to face Amara, who was gazing stoically at him through the bars of her cell. "Sorry you had to see that, Sis," he said. "But don't worry, there shouldn't be any more visitors bothering you."
Chuck was writing about Cas?
From what Chuck had gloated to her in his monotonous monologues over the years, it was clear that he had duped the entirety of Heaven. He had corrupted the Great Council and many of her Royal Guard, and lied to the rest. Even the common folk believed that the Queen was still in charge, yet too sickly to make public appearances. The queen had, he told them, appointed Prince Chuck to speak on her behalf.
"Lay down our weapons and try to kill each other like civilized people? Alright then," The Man agreed. He dropped his sword to the side, and Benny likewise tossed Dean's Demon blade to the ground. The two men began to circle each other, arms up and ready, prepared to defend or attack.
Rowena and Charlie saw them out.
Sam and Benny had left the former angel a ways outside the castle grounds so that he could regain his strength during the battle. The plan was that Sam would go back for him once the gate was clear, but there was Cas now, somehow managing to stand on his own two feet.
He can feel Cas watching him, and finally Dean says, "Listen, you can't sleep and I can't sleep with you coughing up a lung. And I know you should rest but laying here tossing and turning isn't going to accomplish that."
Now that Cas was sitting across from him, Dean couldn’t help but notice how attractive he was. He was especially startled by the way the light of the candle was flickering in those clear blue eyes.
He's not particularly surprised when Cas is too annoyed to thank him for the meal.
Guys don't do that.
Sam nodded. "When it was completed, the yellow-eyed man returned and demanded the sword, but at one-tenth his promised price. My mother refused. Without any word or warning, he put his sword through her heart."
“Ugh. Yes, Cas, I’m kidding. But alright, fine, whatever. Tell Dean we’ll talk about it in the morning. Or, on second thought, maybe none of us talk about this ever again. And just, keep the noise down?”
He forces his eyes open. It's Dean. Sam and Jack stand behind him, cautious smiles on their faces. Eileen's there too, anxious. None of them look as old as they should be all these years later, except maybe Jack with his eternal youth.
Sam advanced, his pain forgotten now, his body fueled by adrenaline and his mind by rage. "Hello! My name is Samuel, son of Mary! You killed my mother! Prepare to die!"
When the wedding ceremony was over, after he'd sent Dean back to an empty but re-locked bedroom, Prince Chuck had set off at once to check on the Queen's prison chamber.
And so, to the surprise of them all, Count Azazel bolted down the only way that wasn't blocked - the hall to his immediate left. Sam was too stunned for a moment that the monster he had built up in his head might actually flee. But then his brain caught up. He flew after the Count, and heard the sound of Benny's footsteps right behind him.
"And hurry, old friend," he said, "the wedding should be starting any time now."
He sighed.
He scowled and spoke mostly to himself. "Later, I'll have to deal with you
Benny and Sam shared a look. It had been a long time since they were treated with such hospitality. Vampires and giants were not common house guests. Neither of them could resist the invitation.
The Count approached him. "I didn't see it at the funeral pyre site, either."
Finally, Cas's face emerged, but there was no sudden desperate gasps, no intake of air.
It's oddly inviting.
Dean could be mad but it's such a Cas thing to admit that he snorts with laughter instead. "I'll make you Lysol-wipe it before you give it back. Now, which soup?"
It was all he ever said, and it took Dean several months before he realized that when Castiel said, "As you wish," he really meant, "I love you."
"It's his own fault if he's not. I'll leave it to you then to do what he couldn't. Finish him. Your way."
Dean wasn’t usually the type to invite near-strangers for dinner, but he was feeling in the mood for company now that his movie-watching plans had fallen through. And if Castiel’s apartment really was still a mess of boxes, it would probably be a nice reprieve for him as well.
The next morning Queen Amara joined the group at the outer grounds of the castle to see off those that were leaving. For now, Benny and Sam had decided to stay in the Queen's service, and also keep Rowena and Charlie company.
Castiel was still coughing, but he had opened his eyes. The expression he had was so tender as he allowed Dean to clean his face.
"As you wish," he said.
A woman. Who was staring at him.
The three made it through the corridors slowly, leaving unconscious bodies and possibly worse in their wake. Sam was starting to breathe heavily. None of their combatants had even close to his level of swordsmanship, but taking one after another and sometimes several together was certainly taxing his endurance.
"Dead," Sam confirmed. Morbid as it was, they couldn't help but smile.
He tries to get up but Dean pushes him back down with a warm hand to his chest. "You're crazy if you think I'm gonna let you infect the whole kitchen."
"Castiel," Dean said coldly. "Did I say you could have a break? Baby's coat is looking downright mangy, and the back fence needs painting, and..."
"Well, that Chuck fellow. What are we supposed to do about him?"
It was a mess of splintered wood, but still they could just make out the shape it had once been. It was the remains of a dresser drawer, mixed in with shattered window glass.
He would have to hurry, though. Chuck would notice the missing story soon enough and might very well figure out Dean's intentions.
But you don't.
"Then what happened, Cas?" he asked, trying to rid his imagination of the many ways a demon like Cain might torture someone.
"What am I, really?" snarled Dean.
Rowena corrected her. "As a witch, the Queen requires
Benny joined them, carrying Castiel's bag over his back, as well as a bag of food that Charlie had given them.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said. “I wanted to tell you sooner, but Dean was being stubborn, trying to figure out how best to say it…”
Chuck closed his eyes and forced himself to think properly. Amara was free, but she had no hope of recovering her powers without a witch. Therefore she must be fleeing even now, out of his grasp.
"That was level one," said Azazel. "I may one day go as high as five, but I'm not entirely sure what it might do to you. So now, if you could rate your pain for me? Don't be shy."
“Ah,” said Dean. “You’re right, that does sound like a pain. Come on in while I find you something.”
"Benny," he said.
Castiel thought for a moment. "Alright, I have a plan. But we'll have to go back down and get the wheelbarrow."
Now they’re getting hot and heavy again, and everything is going just about par for the course, until all of sudden Cas is leveraging his body and pushing back and possibly using a little extra angel strength to flip the script. And then it’s Cas above him, kissing hard and eager and dominant, his weight warm and heavy over Dean. It does feel good, but they haven’t done this in particular, and he’s not sure he’s ready for this new development.
"Best of luck, you two!" said Charlie, and the group chorused the sentiment.
"But, he's dead," replied Benny.
"Well, here goes nothing," said Sam. With that, he stepped up to the door and knocked. Some of the rotting wood fell away against his knuckles.
The more Prince Chuck thought about his current situation, the more furious he became. Crowley was supposed to murder Dean, Hell would be to blame, war would break out, and the ensuing events would be great fodder for his stories. The clash of angels and demons, my, just think of the drama!
"Reminds me," said Benny. "I better check the ropes again before you take off with him. He's a slippery one."
Cas was calling out directions from his place at Benny's side. "A few more turns and we'll be at the chapel room," he said.
Dean smiles at him. “Good, because we’re definitely going to have to try it again sometime.”
"Imagine how I feel, Dean. Angels don't usually…fraternize in this way…with humans. But I'd like to try to find out – if you're – if there's any chance here."
He found himself praying that every knot would hold. There was no time to double-check them; every second Castiel sank farther out of reach.
Sam threw his hands up defensively. "Okay, I'm sorry! It's just, there's a lot riding on this."
Dean settled over Cas and began his attempts to revive him. He pressed his hands on his chest and pumped steadily. "Breathe, Cas, come on," he said. "Breathe, dammit!"
"I feel a little better," he replies, "I guess a good night's sleep can work wonders."
Benny was on a search too, but it was not going well. He had no idea where Castiel had got to, which was odd because, last he knew, the fallen angel barely had the strength to stand.
Sam jumped into the conversation. "Humiliation, at the very least. Death, quite possibly."
Crowley sniffed the open vial. "I smell nothing."
"So little Castiel got his wings back and thinks he can play on my level. Angels are a dime a dozen, if you've forgotten. Nothing compared to me."
Cas grinned. "Actually I swiped it back from that vampire after I knocked him out." Cas reached into his bag, pulled out the weapon, and handed it to Dean.
Cas does a surprisingly awesome job wrapping the presents, flush edges and tape hidden expertly out of sight. He even makes some fancy bows out of ribbon he’d bought at the party store.
Bitter words from the backseat of the Impala. "I know. I told you what to do, Dean. I begged you to do it."
Sam gazed at The Man with intense interest. Their eyes met. "You have blue eyes," he said.
"You've made your decision then?" The Man asked.
But Cas was with him, here in the end and that – that gave him comfort and peace.
"I can't free you," said Benny quietly in Dean's ear. "I got a debt to pay Crowley. But I want to tell ya, my kind can help it if we try. Crowley doesn't know, but I've been strictly on animal blood for three years now."
"And now?" asked The Man in Black.
Sorry for the long delay, I've finally caught up to myself writing-wise. I do have enough ideas for the rest of the story though, so hopefully I can keep up some momentum. Thanks as always for reading!
"What if I promise not to kill you until you reach the top?"
Though she was quite regal in a beautiful new gown, she looked at them as though they were not subjects, but dear friends. She stood up from her throne and spoke softly. "I've called you all here because I want to make offerings of gratitude to each of you."
"Back to the Future?" Cas suggests.
But Cas just smiled and didn’t seem to find any harm in the question. “I’m not particularly devout, myself,” he said. “I do find religion and faith to be an interesting area of study. My classes tend to focus on how religion affects culture, and visa versa.”
“To say that...you’re…you two are…”
"Then what is it, Cas, and why should I give a damn since clearly you
Dean left, and when he did, Chuck's smile fell and was replaced by an ugly look indeed.
You stop a few times for gas but that is all. The sun comes up as you drive and you ease up on the pedal. However much you might welcome a crash, there is traffic now and hurting another human (again) is something you cannot abide.
Charlie and Benny made their way up the stairs, and just as Sam turned to follow, Rowena approached him with a seductive smile.
Benny was startled, not in the least because he'd never seen Sam cry before. He laid a hand on his friend's shoulder. "But – how do you know?"
"It's good," Dean admits. "We can watch it, if you want."
She wasn't wrong. Sam and Benny were ready to go within a half hour, and then Sam returned to the workroom for a most undignified fetching process.
Cas smiled tenderly at him.
There's a trembling around him. An earthquake. Not the first he's felt, but certainly the strongest. It moves him, tilts him, jostles him. He's upright, or upside down, or sideways now. Impossible to tell. There's a mechanical screeching. Voices, maybe. He knows it's all in his head.
You shrug a little. "Hell if I know," you say, and you lean forward to kiss him again.
When the Prince laid eyes on Dean, he smiled and dismounted from his horse. He was a pompous little fellow. "The rumors are true, I see. There have been tales of a hunter as handsome as he is strong, as righteous and true as any mortal can be. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Dean."
"What's done is done," said Chuck. "It's a good enough ending for him."
Dean sighed. "That's comforting."
The Queen's face lit up with recognition. "THE Dean Winchester? My brother never shuts up about you. Although…not in the best of ways. He plans to kill you, you know."
After hearing Castiel's version of events, the angel Michael was rewarded with highest honors from the Queen. He was also the first whom she entrusted to guard Chuck's cell, and he performed this duty faithfully for her throughout his immortal life.
Not particularly reassuring.
His father smiled at him, and in his deep, soothing voice, began to read.
Benny seemed to confirm this when he said, "Charlie? Kevin? What are you doing here?"
Finally a name for the monster. And to think he was close with the prince, free to do as he pleased with impunity.
"He seemed to struggle with himself about me, though. Every night, before I retired to my cabin, he'd say, 'Goodnight, Castiel, good work today, I must try to kill you in the morning. For years, he said that. Until one night he came to my cabin and told me his secret."
"Ah, so that's why we didn't see anyone," said Benny, gazing out over the castle grounds. The courtyard was flooded with guards, far more than any of them had expected.
The Man grinned slightly. "In your dreams," he said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a syringe with a deep red liquid in it. "I do apologize if this counts as a weapon."
While the Nephilim snores to his heart’s content:
"Mawidge," Gabriel began, intentionally mangling the word. "Mawidge is what bwings us to-gether to-day."
Sam blinked guiltily up at him. "We're sorry about that, really. But I swear, we're on your side now. We've been helping Castiel storm the castle."
He wished with all his heart that they could go back to those simple times - Cas the doting farmhand and himself as the somewhat oblivious boy that had fallen in love with him.
"You seem a decent fellow. I'd hate to die."
He dreams of the bunker, always the bunker. Movie night. Jack, alive and smiling. Sam's long legs reclined on his chair, stretched and comfortable and calm, a hand in Eileen's hair.
"True love!" Sam exclaimed. "Won't you help us for the noble cause of love?"
Benny dropped down to the ground, cat-like and nimble. "I could have taken you by surprise," he said.
"You will not hurt Dean Winchester," said Cas, in a gravelly, booming voice that resonated for all to hear. "You will not hurt anyone again."
As it happened, Sam found Benny again before either of them found Castiel.
"Get used to disappointment."
"Azazel?" he questioned, even as he brought his sword up to block his chest from another attack.
In the evening, Jody and the girls plan to come over for pizza, game night, and an even larger, store-bought cake. But the morning – the morning will be for the Winchesters. All four of them.
Slowly but surely, inch by inch, Dean dragged them closer to the surface. It was getting even harder to breathe and he could barely imagine how Cas was getting along.
Dean smiled.
Rowena narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "You're a terrible liar," she said. "Did he lose a bet to you? He owes you money, doesn't he?"
Instead, he walked a little faster to keep pace with the former angel. The quicker they got out of here, away from danger and away from Chuck, the better.
The Count swallowed.
"Alright, but you've got a real chance here. Whatever he's offered you, I'll match it. Top it, even, if you help me escape."
"Handy," said Crowley.
Queen Amara nodded, and then moved on to Kevin. He looked at her nervously. "Kevin Tran. Your bravery in helping return Castiel's grace was instrumental in Prince Chuck's defeat. I thank you for that. However I confess that I'm not sure what to offer you in repayment. So please, name your request."
"No, Benny. I
According to Chuck's manuscript, Queen Amara's chamber was consistently guarded by two angels at all times. If he followed this hallway around two corners, he would run right into them. If he waited, they would no doubt find him during their hourly patrols.
Prince Chuck snapped his fingers, and Dean was suddenly transported back to his bedroom. Chuck's power over him was broken, though Dean wasn't sure if it was intentional or not. Unfortunately it did not matter; the door was once again locked and immovable.
And he appeared to be wearing only boxers.
Cas turned towards him, beaming. "Then you aren't married, Dean, and we are quite free to...if we ever wanted. Officially."
Kevin shook his head. "The witch
Dean looked away. They were on the ridge of a grassy hill now. The sun was starting to set on the horizon. In another circumstance, Dean may have found it quite beautiful. "No," he said softly. "He was a fallen angel. Poor, but strong and kind. With eyes like the sea before a storm."
Then the three exited the room together, Rowena going one way and Charlie and Kevin going another to search for Castiel.
Benny was somewhat reluctant. "We're down our best fighter, shouldn't we wait for Castiel -?"
There was familiarity in the shape of his face, the color and rage in his eyes. It was then the recognition hit. The boy had been big for his age even then, but who would have known the giant he would become?
"Where's the wheelbarrow?" asked The Count. "I didn't see it outside."
Cas smiles at him again. “Okay. But first…”
"Hey! Hey!" came a slightly shrill voice. "We need help over here!"
"Cas! Cas-"
Cas wouldn’t meet his eyes. “He’s currently handcuffed to the bedframe. Consensual though, I assure you,” the angel promised, like that made it less weird.
Heaven has not been home for so long and you're far from welcome there.
Count Azazel was back, yellow-eyes flashing over Cas's body. "Kevin healed you well, I see."
Fast forward.
But he didn't seem to be breathing.
John and Dean stood at the doorway as Prince Chuck rode towards them, followed by his Royal entourage.
Cas tilted his head slightly, and Dean couldn’t help but notice that he also licked his lips before he spoke. “I’m not sure that means what you think it does. People might get the wrong idea.”
Dean relaxed back in his chair and took a swig of his beer. Then he gave Cas an appraising look. “And where is across country? Like all the way across?”
Cas does the patented Cas Squint at him. “Dean, are you sure?”
“Sleeping together, yes. Well, not sleeping, obviously. Intercourse.”
Cas chuckles and Dean softens slightly – a little embarrassment is always worth making Cas laugh. He types in the password. Netflix is still open from earlier, and the two lean forward to peruse the options.
"Inconceivable," said Crowley, watching it approach. "Well, no matter. Only Moose is strong enough to climb the cliff. That man will have to sail all the way around until he finds a harbor!"
"Cas."
The Man in Black stopped in his tracks. "Kill him and you die today as well."
"Dean, I'm sorry. I failed."
Cas coughs again, spastically bringing a tissue up to cover his mouth. After recovering, he says, "It was certainly more convenient. Especially with full power and wings – flight, near invincibility, and none of these mundane human aches and illnesses…"
When it finally came, he wished it had not.
"Night, Cas."
The man yelled out to the crowd. "This man had love come back to him, and he let him go again! Pushed him away, left him to die -"
"Of course."
That snaps his eyes open immediately, a flame of fear suddenly licking at his insides. Dean sits up and looks at Cas with a worried frown. The former angel, however, seems relatively fine except perhaps a littler paler than usual. "What's wrong?" Dean demands.
Dean smirked. "Funny, I was about to ask you the same." Dean made another lunge as he had done with the first, but this Leviathan was quicker. It moved out of the way and around him, strong arms going to grip Dean in a headlock. Dean shoved his elbow into its ribs. The toothy bastard's grip lessened slightly but did not break. Its fangs were going for his throat but suddenly Cas's sword slid distressingly close to Dean's face. It bypassed him and found its proper target, slicing through the Leviathan's open mouth. It gave a nasty wail and Dean was just barely able to step aside to avoid it collapsing on top of him.
Despite the unusually pleasant atmosphere, Sam struggled to sleep that night.
"Anywho!" said Rowena, quickly trying to change the subject. "Charlie is
Dean took a few bites of his burger, then said casually, “Well, I guess we skipped the small talk. Any deep dark secrets you wish to confess? Murder anyone lately?”
Cas fell to his knees, clutching his stomach in sudden debilitating pain. He groaned aloud in anguish.
He made his way down the first flight of stairs in this horribly slow fashion, and then the real trouble started. He felt a sensation of pins and needles start in his feet and progress upward. His body needed to rest...but no, he needed to move! Dean was waiting.
Dean could hardly believe it. "You'd do that for me?"
"We don't have time for this!" He turned to Sam. "We will go on ahead. We need to get him to Hell ASAP," he said, nodding at Dean who was discreetly trying to untie his own hands. "Finish that man off. If he falls, great, if not, the sword."
Count Azazel stepped back slightly.
You can feel his breath on your skin.
Kevin rubbed his eyes tiredly. He had made his way to the witch, but his journey was not over. Of course not. "Did you…the third man they were with, is he…?"
Benny had no choice but to do as he said; he'd only be a liability to Sam in this state, and he couldn't do that to him. The vampire turned away, and once he was some feet down the hall, he heard the tell-tale sound of the door finally giving in to Sam's weight.
"If you promise not to hurt him…if you return him safely to his ship and let him go…I will return with you. We can get married as planned."
"Haha," says Dean. "Cas has a cold."
So Dean did, and felt a swoop in his stomach when Cas kissed him back. Damn if this wasn’t like some fantasy: spending an evening with a handsome stranger, and then kissing him hard and pressing him up against the kitchen counter. Cas seemed to be just as eager, if the way he threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair was any indication.
"You keep using that word," said Benny. "I do not think it means what you think it means."
"Inconceivable. No one from Heaven could have gotten here so fast, and no one in Hell knows what we've done. But...why do you ask?"
They were not as lucky inside the castle as they had been sneaking through the grounds. Three times they were found by Royal Guards, who were much more aggressive and clever than those at the gate. They came at the group with swords ready.
"Funny way of saving someone," snarled the man. "You let him go! Better to have stabbed him with an Angel Blade through the heart, you ass." Then he laughed cruelly at Dean.
Michael's eyes flickered with interest. "Azazel is a scab. What the Prince sees in a demon like that I will never know. But as much as I'd like to see the fleabag get what's coming to him, I am duty bound to keep the likes of you out. Say goodbye to the vampire."
And you know that this why you sought out Jody Mills. She's got experience in anchoring the untethered, and patching holes in sinking ships until they're seaworthy again. You don't know if it's enough for someone like
Cas smiled, his eyes sparkling with amusement. “Not lately, no,” he said, and Dean chuckled. “The whole moving across country has been a little time-consuming, you see.”
, I thought!”
"I'll consider myself lucky then," said Sam, with a kind smile back.
A thousand things seemed to happen at once: Dean made eye contact with the Prince and reached for a weapon only to remember in horror that he had none on his person. At the same time, Benny released the reins of the horses and his mouth grew sharp with fangs. Sam unsheathed his sword.
Benny, Dean, and Cas regained their footing, but they might as well have been invisible for all the notice Chuck paid them now.
Kevin clammed up immediately.
Dean had awakened hours after he was thrown in his bedroom. He had an awful headache, but that was the least of his problems, considering he was locked in. All attempts at picking the lock came to naught, and he realized that there was more to it - perhaps some of Chuck's power that was keeping him there.
"But you didn't."
"I'm not telling you anything," Dean choked out.
Then he hurried back across the room. He gave the sheets a tug to test them, and when they held firm, he began his precarious climb out the window.
It was Cas.
Together they fought.
. Forehead-touching is never quite platonic in the movies. Certainly never brotherly.
The wax is starting to drip, so Jack does as is expected of him. He takes a deep breath and blows the candle out, makes sure the flame flickers to nothing before he’s done.
"It's Sam," the Giant interrupted. "Crowley just calls me that because – actually, I don't know why he calls me that."
"You're trying to make me give something away. It won't work."
The glass exploded outward and the drawer went with it. The sound of shattering was music to Dean's ears - he had worried that Chuck might have made it impenetrable. With renewed purpose, he carefully began knocking out some of the remaining glass and threw one end of the sheet out the window.
"Hello, boy," replied one of them, with an accent Dean couldn't place. "I'm Crowley, and my friend here is Benny. We've been trying to settle a bet, do you think you could help?"
The rope splintered and broke, falling several hundred feet to the ground below. Crowley let out a triumphant "Ha," but his excitement was short-lived.
“I’m sorry, Jack. It’s freezing out and you’re still sick. I don’t want you getting pneumonia on top of everything. Maybe you and your dad can do something else together.”
Cas's eyes widen in alarm. "No, are you telling me this happens often?"
Queen Amara remained where she was, and Prince Chuck felt a sinking of his gut. He tried again, but again there was no result, not even a flicker.
Rowena, Charlie, and Kevin had been talking with Amara, but now the three joined them. Tearful goodbyes were shared. Thanks were given. Dean gave Sam a hug, slightly surprising the giant. "Thanks for everything. You died for me, and you brought Cas back. Means the world to me, Sammy."
It all starts and ends with the vampires. It all starts and ends with Claire.
"We brought Castiel his grace, but never mind that now! Is Sam alright?" Charlie asked, clearly distressed.
"Just enough to keep you off my tail," he replied.
"It'll be alright, Sam. You know I'm with you, right? To the end of the road."
Queen Amara looked at Dean and Castiel, fondness written across her face. "Please remember that you will always be welcome at the castle and may call upon me if you ever have need. May your freedom, love, and happiness be eternal."
The next morning, Cas begs Dean to put him in the box.
Once again, The Man said nothing.
Another dream. He's fighting Dean to a bloody end. They waited too long and he can't remember why he asked Dean for this. He doesn't want to be buried in this tight little box. The Mark is hungry. Dean's blood is on his fist. They've done this before.
"Bag is for used tissues, so you don't germ this place up more than necessary, alright?"
It was a spell Chuck knew well, for he had used it on his sister years ago, with the help of a different witch in what felt like a much different time.
What was more astonishing to Dean was the day when he realized he truly loved Castiel in return.
Kevin went to grab the wheelbarrow from outside the secret entrance to the dungeon. The building was camouflaged behind a glamour of trees of the forest, but the spell had been fading as a of late. Soon enough they would need another witch to recast the glamour, but Prince Chuck didn't seem to be in any hurry to find one. Anyone who strayed this far rarely lived to tell the tale, anyway.
"How many can you each take?" asked Cas.
Their first time hadn’t been perfect. Cas was fairly inexperienced and slightly clumsy, and though it was a little endearing to Dean, it also made it somewhat logistically awkward. And of course it didn’t help that Dean was dealing with his own second thoughts, going back and forth between being incredibly happy and turned on to totally freaked out that he was not only with a guy, but that it was Cas.
Crowley looked over at Dean with a scowl. "You'd do well to mind your tongue, if you don't want me to rip it out of you."
"Don't worry, man, I'll catch you," came a voice from below.
Cas kneeled down beside Charlie. He placed two fingers on Sam's forehead, and summoned the healing powers of his grace.
The man who bested Crowley. Who had bested them all. He could find the yellow-eyed man, Sam was sure of it.
The Man said nothing.
Dean looked at Crowley's body on the ground beside him. "So it was your wine that was poisoned the whole time," he said.
Some might call it torture.
Dean thought back. It seemed so long ago, though it had only been a week. "Wait a minute! I didn't!" he said excitedly. "The minister said we were wed, but I never agreed to it!"
Dean looked at Benny and found that he believed him. He wondered if, in a different life, he and Benny could have been friends.
He didn't want to make it easy for the god to get to him.
"The only neck you ought to worry about is your own," said Crowley harshly. "Considering you're all tied up at the moment and en route to Hell."
, Benny suddenly realized as he picked up the scent.
That's what you should say.
And then the day of the wedding dawned, bright and sunny. The ceremony was a hazy blur, but just like that, Dean and Chuck were married.
Rowena glanced around again. Nothing was out of place, nothing except—
But Cas sniffles throughout and, halfway through, has to pause it for another fit of coughing. Once again, Dean can't help but feel an ache in his chest at Cas's mild distress (even knowing he's suffered far worse in the past). There is this crazy urge to comfort him, and Dean can't resist pressing a hand to his back and rubbing a slow circle there.
"Yes, all that I have and more!"
"But that's not possible. I know you're old, but Cain has been terrorizing Hell for longer than you've existed. And…you're not a demon."
Dean meets him there about ten minutes later, arms full of supplies. He sets down his laptop, which is open to Netflix, and places it down next to Cas on the bed. Then he sets down the glass of water and box of tissues on the side table, along with a plastic bag.
Castiel's fingers tapped contemplatively against his thigh.
"Giving up?" asked Sam. He couldn't help but feel just a bit elated at a victory over such a fine competitor. It had been a long time since he'd been challenged even half as much.
"You look a little better," Dean says, sliding his thumb across soft skin.
"Dammit," he said, wondering how much damage he was going to do to himself by jumping down.
"Yes, I know. I remember you now. You're that brat I taught a lesson to, all those years ago."
Naomi.
Castiel was surprised. "Where did that come from?"
Moose said quickly, "Me neither." Though Crowley didn't quite believe him.
He dreams of Dean with a wife and child at his knee. It's a good dream, a happy one, but he punches the box again. Doesn't know why.
Cas glanced at him before returning his sights to the trees, wary of movement. "Well, you were right with your first guess, Dean. I am the Dread Demon Cain."
A giant fist swung towards his face and made contact. It was a powerful punch that damn near spun his head around. He stumbled back, vision blurred, and he heard hooves galloping away. Baby had been frightened into running.
Cas screamed. His very cells really did feel as if they were on fire.
"Dean.
When he returns ten minutes later with the soup and some crackers on a tray, Cas has a tissue shoved squarely up his left nostril. He glowers at Dean slightly. "I used to be an Angel of the Lord."
Prince Chuck feigned surprise. "Castiel, is that really you? I thought Cain ripped you limb from limb years ago."
"I am not left-handed." Sam tossed the sword from his left to his right hand and caught it easily before renewing the fight, now with more energy than ever. There was power behind every swipe and every thrust. The Man in Black was breathing heavily as he attempted to protect himself, and at the first opening he saw, he retreated far back from Sam and away from the edge of the cliff.
the letter had finished. He only hoped it would reach the former angel in time.
Dean swallowed away the ache in his throat.
It wouldn't have worried Chuck - an angel's strength would be incredibly short-lived when facing a god, but...
Sam cleared his throat, and in his most booming voice, said, "I am the Dread Demon Cain. My wrath and fury be upon you. There will be NO survivors."
“So…you’re into all that God stuff, huh?” he asked, and regretted it the instant he said it. Cas was going to think he was uneducated, or judgmental, or
Dean closes the gap between them and then he's kissing Cas, sweet and slow and soft. Cas melts into it for a few moments, but then pulls away, frowning. "You shouldn't have done that," he says.
"Who says I'm here to help you," said The Man, and Dean was taken aback by the sudden cold tone. He was even more thrown when The Man grabbed him by the arm and began to drag him along, just as his other captors had done. "I'm taking you to my ship. So this Prince you love so dearly can keep his money."
But then Cas is staring at him, eyeing him like he's something new and unexpected. "It's chilly in here," he says after moment. "Aren't you cold?"
It clicks into place, and sets your heart to racing in entirely new and disturbing ways.
"What now?" growled Crowley, cutting through some of the low-hanging branches that were in his way.
But it was Cas as he'd never seen him before.
He read about Cas being tortured in some place called The Pit.
As it turns out, The Empty may end up waiting on you for a very long time after all. Perhaps forever.
John Winchester coughed uncomfortably, but Prince Chuck paid him no notice. "Will you make me the happiest of cosmic beings and be my partner and husband?"
"No, don't leave. I'm fine. Just, no horror movies, alright?"
Then she stepped back and looked at all of them again. "Arrangements will be made for all of you. Those of you traveling should be able to set off tomorrow. Tonight, though, you are all invited to a feast in your honor. I hope to see you there."
Cas could only whimper.
It was a sad thought upon a million other sad thoughts.
"Nah, I'm kind of over time travel right now. What about All Saint's Day?"
Cas is warm and real and feels distressingly good against you.
Sam was prepared to be supportive as hell, but he really, really didn’t need any more intimate details.
"Mawidge. That bwessed event. That dweam within a dweam..."
The Count looked up at the Prince's arrival, while the shadow that was Kevin sunk further back into the corner. "Ah, your Highness. I didn't expect you to join us so soon. I've hardly had time to break him in," he said, nodding in Castiel's direction.
Night had finally fallen just as they arrived at what could only be described as a 'crappy shack.' The vampire and the giant stared at it. It was falling apart. The windows were shuttered and part of the roof seemed to be collapsing. There were spiderwebs on the eaves. It looked very much like no one had used it in some time, except for the fact that smoke was rising from the chimney.
And then the girl showed up.
"It's the only way it's fair, Crowley."
But when she opened the door, she found a face she did not recognize. He was young and slight of build and had a sizable bruise on his left cheek. "Who the hell are you?" she asked.
It was supremely uncomfortable to be unable to move while a gang of people gawked at him. Cas felt exposed and angry. His eyes found Sam, who was hovering near him. "I thought your job was to kill me. Why bring me back?"
Cas tried to look casual. "It's through a rift that goes through Purgatory."
"We fight," said Castiel finally.
The two angels realized what they'd revealed, and suddenly they were both lurching towards him with their Angel blades. But Dean was already moving. He jumped aside to expose the bloody symbol that had been hidden on the wall behind him.
Sam sprung out of bed and moved quickly but quietly down the hallway, knife at the ready. He reached Dean’s bedroom door and began to turn the handle, but suddenly it was turning for him. He raised the weapon, preparing to strike, but when it opened slightly, he saw that it was only Cas.
and Cas said he didn't mind, so what,
"You've already given everything away," said Crowley. "I know where the poison is!"
Cas gives him a questioning look, but Dean just smiles. "Go," he commands, and Cas shuffles back out to his room.
"That sound. I made that sound when the yellow-eyed man killed my mother. It's pain, Benny. It's suffering. Prince Chuck plans to marry The Man in Black's true love tomorrow. Who else has such cause for pain? It's the sound of a broken heart."
"Okay," said Charlie, and Kevin nodded his agreement. "But be careful, and try to meet us back in the front hall?"
Gabriel hadn't volunteered for this, but generally as an angel, when the Prince said fly, you asked, how high. That didn't mean he couldn't have some fun with it, especially since Prince Chuck seemed far too preoccupied to punish him at the moment.
Prince Chuck looked at his Royal Guard, and spoke directly to Count Azazel. "Take care of the disturbance, understand?"
Loud sounds were coming from somewhere far off, perhaps on the castle grounds. Chuck looked distractedly over his shoulder towards the chapel doors.
When they finished eating, they laid together and stared up toward the sky, watching the way the oak tree leaves rustled in the wind.
"We need to talk," says Cas softly.
Rowena scowled. "I do not sulk."
The Prince turned back to Dean. The hunter was still under Chuck's power, in body if not in mind. There was a deep hatred in his glassy green eyes. Usually Chuck would be cheered to see Dean put up a fighting spirit (it was better story inspiration), but right now he didn't have time. Whatever was happening here was not something he had expected. Castiel was dead, Dean was malleable, so who else did he need to worry about?
Impossible to notice for most, Benny's sharp vampire senses picked up on a slight, familiar scent wafting through the air. He recognized it from the cliffside – The Man in Black. Benny looked nervously over his shoulder.
Dean decides to leave Cas alone for a bit, mostly because he knows there's not much else he can do for him and partly because he doesn't want Cas to think he's pitying him or something lame. That's not what this is.
Dean smiled. The weight of the blade was reassuring, and there was a certain relief in being armed again with Cas at his side. The two of them had always been a good team. Still, he wasn't going to let his guard down. His eyes darted around the trees as they walked.
The Prince narrowed his eyes. The light glowing around him transformed into several bolting beams. They pierced through some of Amara's dark smoke.
Following the river with the wheelbarrow and its cargo was difficult, but Benny and Sam managed pretty well, occasionally taking detours over less rocky terrain as needed. Luckily, they had not run into anyone along the way and had thus avoided any prying questions about the body.
Castiel.
The witch approached Castiel's body. She laid an ear against his chest. She lifted his eyelids and peered into the lifeless blue orbs. Then she looked from Benny to Sam. "So, what's so important that you need to bring him back for, anyway?" she asked.
The Count turned the dial down. The whirring of the machine stopped, though the pain did not. It lingered within his skin, spiking strangely in his veins before fading to a duller ache all over his body.
Cas said nothing. It was one thing to plead with Kevin, but he knew there was no mercy to be had from this demon. There was nothing to be said, and he would have to endure whatever torture was coming until he either escaped or died.
"Well, I can't promise you he'll come around, Cas. He's hurting bad, and God bless the kid, but he's not good at dealing with his emotions in a healthy way. I think you of all people probably know that."
"What you do not smell is a very special poison, known as The Lance of Michael. It is tasteless, odorless, dissolves instantly in any liquid. And it is deadly to all creatures, be they human, demon, or angel."
"He's dead."
Sam took the crash into the next room with as much grace as he could manage. He quickly regained his balance and tried to scan his surroundings, but he was not fast enough. Count Azazel leaped out from behind a pillar and, with a practiced aim, threw a dagger in the giant's direction. It whizzed through the air and landed with an unthinkable sound in Sam's gut.
"Listen, Cas," he said. "The door ain't gonna happen. But the window in here will get me outside. Can you meet me on the grounds? Then maybe we can get out of here before Chuck comes around."
"Thank you."
Dean closed his eyes and swallowed back his pain. They had been happy so briefly. Dean felt the touch of Castiel's palm once again on the skin of his cheek. He leaned into the warmth. "I promise to return to you, Dean. And then we will be free."
A door creaking open from down the hall.
Cas gave him a concerned look. "I suppose," he said. "I'd rather not run into any Leviathan, though. The stories made them sound quite unpleasant."
The witch looked at Charlie. Though things were complicated and undefined between them, Rowena could admit she had a soft spot for her. The woman who always believed in her. The woman that was always convincing her to do the decent thing.
Cas adds a second finger, and goes a little harder, a little faster. He watches as he reduces Dean to a grunting, sweaty mess. It is incredibly arousing to watch, even more so knowing that Cas himself is the cause, that he is the first and only man that Dean has ever allowed to do this.
Cas doesn’t mind at all.
Kevin stood straight and proud. Something about these two gave him confidence, gave him hope. "Kevin Tran. My name is Kevin Tran."
Rowena was not a witch for nothing, however. She cast her spells with precision and intensity. One guard she dropped with legs so numb as to make them useless. Another she hexed with a temporary memory loss, and he promptly tossed down his weapon and walked away from them in a daze.
And still, the familiarity of the name Castiel was really starting to bother him. Where had he heard it before?
Maybe you should pull a Dean. Find the nearest bar and drink them out of stock, drink until even your angel tolerance is blackout numb.
Prince Chuck, Rowena knew, was not a good man. Not just because he'd fired her, though there was that. He was a killer. He was a warmonger. He was a pompous idiot. He was bad for both the Kingdom of Heaven
His own name was staring back at him, in fine cursive letters.
"There were some trees near the gate," said Sam. "It'll be a better place to stow the horses until we can come back to them with Castiel and Dean."
It was then that he heard a sound to stop his heart. It was a heavy thumping against his bedroom door.
It was Charlie, and she was kneeling over Sam's body, looking desperate.
If Castiel came back to him now, there was a solid chance he would not even recognize him. The thought haunted Dean, and he slammed his fist upon his sink in frustration. Right then, he decided he must take better care of himself so that when Cas returned, he would be worthy of him.
Crowley was furious. "Next time, we won't save you!" He turned his back to them.
He cursed himself for being so stupid. The castle was no use to him, and it was the grounds he must search now. He snapped his fingers.
"Those are the Shrieking Sirens, boys. And not pretty babes like you might think, but flesh-eating monsters of the deep."
The Man turned around, none the wiser. "I didn't see anything."
Dean -
"Go!"
He felt helpless.
"Then you cannot help me."
"No."
When he had found out that Castiel was being tortured by Chuck's henchman, Dean had thought that he could not be angrier if he tried.
Cas chuckled, and Dean couldn’t help but feel he was even cuter when he laughed. Cute enough to kiss.
Dean caves. He lifts his weight up slightly and shoves the blankets out from under him, just to pull them back over his body. He brings them up to his waist and settles back in. Cas is still on his side of the bed, a solid half a foot of space between them, yet Dean can still feel the warmth of him radiating from that side of the mattress.
"S'ppose so," muttered Cas, right before his legs - which he'd been struggling to keep from wobbling all this time - gave out beneath him.
Count Azazel looked at Sam, and Sam looked at him.
Then he turned his head to the other side and found a pair of dark determined eyes staring hard at him.
Count Azazel had hurried to turn off The Machine, hoping to salvage what was left of his subject, but it was no use.
This bed is warm and soft and his own feels further away than ever. Plus, what if Cas wakes up and needs him? Like, to get him aspirin or tissues or…something?
His father grinned, stepped into the room, and revealed a wrapped package from behind his back. “I did indeed, Jack.”
"Should we track them both, your Highness?" asked The Count.
Dean did all he could do in the meantime - he wrote a note to Cas regarding Amara's imprisonment and tucked it under his pillow with a corner peeking out. Even if Dean couldn't get the Queen out before the wedding, perhaps Cas could.
"Oh, Dean. Do you really think I'd let that happen?" said a voice behind him.
played as a terrible mantra in his head. "He will come back for me," Dean said, with more certainty than he felt.
The whole group rushed over to Sam's side, even Queen Amara.
He tags Dean’s prostate again, and the grunt the hunter lets out as he comes is completely unguarded, raw and desperate. He clenches around Cas, and the combination of that and the beautiful sights and sounds and emotions – it’s all overwhelming and perfect. Cas thrusts again and follows Dean into oblivion, his climax strong enough to practically see stars.
but it's something, at the very least.
"Cas."
"Okay. What is it Cas? Something wrong?"
I'm not going to lie, fight scenes are definitely difficult for me... Anyways, reviews always appreciated!
With that, the kidnappers forced Dean to exit the boat and step onto the rocky shore. They began to latch onto Sam's back with a system of harnesses. They even forced Dean into one of the contraptions as well. It was awkward and uncomfortable, and even more so when the giant began to climb the cliff by holding onto a dangling rope. Dean could only assume it had been pre-set by these crooks before they had kidnapped him.
Sam set Castiel down, propping him upright against the wall so he could get a better look. "There must be fifty or sixty men, by the look of it."
Speaking of which, he really needs to get up and go back to his own room.
The Man took a seat on the hard ground and gestured at Crowley to join him. The demon sat, pulling Dean down with him as he did so.
Dean shakes his head. "Well, buddy, now you're an Angel of Snot."
He braces himself for better leverage and thrusts himself deeper inside Dean. It’s everything he thought it would be, warm and tight and wonderful. And he thrusts again, and again, sometimes quick and sometimes slow and now Dean’s spewing a fairly incoherent stream of expletives.
He noticed none of it, and merely continued his routine and waited for news of the rumored war and specifically of Castiel.
Kevin pulled the vial out from his pocket and showed it to Rowena. The witch took it from him. Just like Kevin, she too could feel the raw power she held in her hands. She thought about what the boys were facing, and how much of a difference something like this could make.
Benny laughed as Kevin tried to squirm out of it.
"You won't need to."
Benny rifled through Cas's bag. "Borax…hey, is this a holocaust cloak?" he asked, pulling the fabric from the bag.
Dean knew it was true, but he still hated it. He prayed Cas could hold out for him, and it pained him greatly not to be going directly to his rescue. If he had any inkling of where The Pit was, he would have gone without question, Queen Amara and her power be damned.
he thought, and so he did. He ran towards the duel and gave the can's trigger a quick pump in the Leviathan's direction. The spray hit the monster's face just as it was going for Castiel's neck. It screamed as its skin began to burn, bubble, and melt away.
"As you wish," the grandfather says to close out the movie. The credits play and Dean smiles over at Cas, only to realize that the former angel is definitely asleep. Not exactly in a cute way, either, given that his mouth is hanging wide open. Dean assumes it's probably because his nose is still stuffed as hell.
Like the sea before a storm.
Cas laughed slightly and ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Why in the world should that matter now? What's legally binding and what's real are very different things. What made you think of it?"
"Rowena gave it to me," said Sam. "She said it fit me so nicely, I should just keep it. Figured I'd stow it with your stuff."
The -
Dean left the study and hurried out to the Royal Stables, where Chuck rarely went due to his hatred of the animal smells. Dean could probably read there in peace for hours, and he prayed that would be enough time to find something.
Then Amara turned to the other four men, who were standing somewhat awkwardly together. "And here we have a vampire, a giant, an angel, and a hunter. All of great valor. What are
, thought Dean. His father had never been the same since he lost his wife several years prior. John tried to be a decent father, but he was often distant and left the farm for days on end. By the time Dean was a teenager, he was essentially raising himself.
Charlie appeared at the door by Rowena's side. "What's going on, Ro?"
“Sorry, Professor,” said Dean. “Wrong answer.”
Dean felt his spirits lift slightly. If he was being honest with himself, there was a part of him that was happy to hear that Cas was queer because he was cute, and it opened up the possibility of something happening between them. But mostly he was just happy to have someone he could hopefully relate to, at least about that one part of his life.
"Anything you want," Count Azazel spat sourly back.
Having not known what type of soup Cas would like, there's about ten different cans spread out on the counter. So Dean's not that surprised when Sam jokes, "Starting a soup kitchen?"
Castiel.
"Hey," said Dean suddenly. "I just remembered. I'm, um, legally married to Chuck now. Do you think having him imprisoned means instant annulment?"
Dean sulked for several weeks after Castiel's departure. He found no more pleasure in hunting the monsters of the Wood, took no joy in it. He found himself more often than not at the bottom of a long drink, numb to the world. His father urged him not to lose himself to grief.
"Well, I'll take a look," she said finally.
And then suddenly Cas gave you a look and, damn him, disappeared into thin air as he always does. You were annoyed and if you're being totally honest, a little hurt. You hoped he might feel the same, that he might admit that you're his family, too. And now he's back after four days of radio silence, and he's standing too close, and you're a little tempted to give him a solid punch to the gut for ditching you.
The wailing went on for maybe ten seconds, and then it was gone as suddenly as it had come, leaving a sharp silence in its place.
Somewhere that felt distant now, Prince Chuck was still ranting.
Castiel was slumped in the giant's strong arms. "This is ridiculous," he said, head lolling awkwardly to the side.
"Um, fellas, shouldn't we get to the gate to meet Castiel?" asked Benny. "Quick get-away and all that?"
"Hope so," said Dean, and he had to fight to keep emotion from clogging his voice.
Another nod.
Prince Chuck had used his powers to zap them all the way back to the castle. They were now in Prince Chuck's study. There was Chuck's desk, messy as always. The chandelier above them cast ominous shadows on the walls, and nothing about the room gave Dean any sense of warmth. This castle had never felt like home, and now, knowing that Cas was still out there somewhere without Dean – well, it never could be.
"Well, Your Highness," said Dean. "Cas and I have been discussing this for the past few days. Before this all began, we wanted to travel throughout Heaven together and then settle down eventually. We still want that."
Sam's stomach dropped to his feet, and his vision went hazy again. They had a deal. They had a deal! He would do this awful work and start this war between Heaven and Hell, and in return Crowley would help him track down the yellow-eyed man. Now there was no hope, none at all.
As Chuck spoke, his rage grew and the pain the three were suffering intensified to unbearable levels.
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Yes, but I'm not taking on a god. Are you mad?"
When a knock came to their door for the second time in as many days, Rowena knew it couldn't be a coincidence. Something must have happened to Castiel, Benny, and Sam, and now they needed more magic. She sighed. That was the problem with being generous. People always needed more, and it was exhausting. Even though she liked the trio, she was going to have to cut them off after this. Healthy boundaries are important, after all.
…types of food.”
Dean chuckled slightly as he finished topping the second burger with a bun. Then he took out a couple beers and brought everything over to the dining room table. Dean waved at Cas to join him, and the two sat down across from each other.
"That's enough, Chuck," said the woman.
Sam shook his head. "If we wait for his full strength to return, we may miss the wedding and the distractions that may provide for us. We have to get to the castle and be ready to strike."
Fleeing. Of course.
"No," said Dean. "Send me. Let me speak to him and find out what's going on."
Count Azazel scowled. He caught the eye of the Guard directly behind Cas, and before the former angel could even turn, he felt the blow directly to the back of his skull. He crashed to the ground, sight and mind going dark all at once.
Azazel's eyes flickered briefly with demonic light and energy, but then it was all extinguished to nothing. The shock was still on his face when he died.
He was indeed a giant of a man, legs and arms that went on for ages. He had luxuriously long hair and kind eyes, oddly enough. "Sorry about punching you, man. But you know, that's the job."
Amara looked at him shrewdly. "Are you a witch, Dean?"
"I guess so," he said.
Dean had the Demon Blade in his pocket, but he knew this would not end well. They were outnumbered, and with Chuck, very substantially out-powered as well.
Kevin unlocked the cabinet and opened the door. Inside, there were vials upon vials of angel grace. The grace itself shimmered blue, looking somewhere between liquid and gas, intangible and bright. The specimens were from many a fallen or deceased angel, collected over time by The Prince and The Count. Each was labeled with a name.
"He chose you," said Dean, astonished. "But how – what about the crew?"
"Dean Winchester, the hunter? Dean Winchester, the groom?"
Several miles away, back on land, Prince Chuck was indeed in a rage. Baby had returned to the castle, alone and frightened. Hanging loose on her saddle was a patch of fabric that appeared to have been ripped during a struggle. "Do you see this?" Prince Chuck said loudly to his entourage. "This cloth is sewn in Hell's fabric and smells of sulfur. It seems that the Kingdom of Hell has abducted my groom."
He does check on him a bit before bed that night, though, just in case he needs anything. "How's it going, Cas?"
Dean growled with frustration, rage burning in his chest like wildfire.
Dean shot out of bed and hurried to the study, where he knew Prince Chuck was likely to be.
Simple beheadings are not enough for the angel. Cas puts his fist through their skulls first. Even the little one, with the face of a child but the fangs of a monster.
Kevin had had to close his eyes and ears when Castiel died, and yet he was still sure that it would haunt him until his own dying day. Now, though, he was slightly more relaxed if only because he was alone. He had the unsavory task of building a funeral pyre ahead of him, but at least it would be a distraction.
Rowena opened the door. The group made perfunctory introductions, and then Sam reached into the wheelbarrow and hoisted Castiel's prone form into his arms. When they entered the shack, both Sam and Benny were shocked to see the outer appearance was entirely misleading. The interior was practically regal and appeared much larger on the inside than out. There was a grand staircase to the left, a marble statue of what appeared to be the witch herself, and a magnificent chandelier hanging above their heads.
"Who's there? Where am I? Why can't I move?"
"I owe you, Kevin Tran."
His mask had come off during the fall. He had a short beard that he hadn't had when he left, and he had aged just as Dean had in the last three years. But his eyes - how had Dean not recognized him? His angel had returned.
Dean checks in on Cas again. He's laying there propped up against pillows and gazing rather uninterestedly at some movie playing on the screen in front of him. He still looks pale and miserable. His hair is wet though, so he must have made it to the shower at some point after all.
This pronouncement was met with silence as Castiel thought it over. His memories were coming back to him. That dreaded Machine…
Dean inhaled sharply. "Cas?" Now was the time, or near enough. He tried to say 'I love you,' but what came out instead was, "Kiss me."
Footsteps.
"They lied. All the better for me, of course. Angels aren't nearly as fragile. Pain works far better on a man."
Like Cas's voice, Chuck's words carried over the castle grounds, almost as a warning.
"I just said we're in a hurry and you want to show off!"
You find yourself missing sleep from the days of your brief humanity. You just want to rest. What would be even better would be the eternal, dreamless sleep you've been promised. The Empty has staked its claim and you'd welcome it now, the nothingness. But you know it won't take you like this. It wants you happy so the punishment can matter. It will not take you while this hateful misery is etched in your every bone and seeping from you like some foul odor.
Sam was a bit entranced at everything she was doing. He couldn't help but feel that he should have studied more about magic with his Uncle Bobby, in addition to mastering the sword. This kind of thing could certainly come in handy.
It's his turn to shrug. "Long enough to feel reasonably sure that it isn't going away. And yes, I did research. I wanted to be prepared, just in case. But I honestly didn't think…are you interested in this, Dean?"
Rowena had no response to that, so she willfully chose to ignore it. "I'll go help the boys get ready. I'm sure they'll be down to fetch you soon," she said, then left Cas alone to wait.
Amara smiled, and touched a hand to the angel's shoulder. "Of course, Castiel."
Sam raised his sword slowly. "Hello," he repeated. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary. You killed my mother. Prepare to die."
"Tell you what. It's a pretty full house but we've still got couch space. And well, I guess you don't even need it, do you? You don't sleep, right?"
Before Cas could respond, a loud clap of thunder broke outside. They both glanced towards the window, where the rain was still coming down in large drops. Cas turned back to Dean. “Yeah, for work. I’ve taken a position as a Religious Studies professor at USC.”
Cas allowed himself to look up at Dean. Their eyes met, and it was all Dean could do not to pull Cas into an embrace and never let go.
"I need to take his grace to him."
"It's not that puny lock! My powers are bound. I have no magic or strength. It does not matter if I can leave this room if Chuck can throw me right back in. I'm no match, and neither are you."
"Thank you," said Sam sincerely. "Thank you so much. If this works out, I owe you one. Actually, even if it doesn't, alright? What's your name, anyway?"
Dean takes it in stride. "He's new at this, alright?"
He handed over the gift and Jack ripped it open at once.
The fire in Sam's eyes burned hot and then turned into a beaming grin. The difference it made to his face was remarkable; he now looked more like an overgrown puppy. Without warning, he threw his arms around Kevin in a bone-crushing hug.
Rowena looked Kevin over. His face was bruised, but his eyes were determined. She could tell that he intended to get the grace to Castiel or die trying.
When Rowena had found the Queen in her cell, they had both stared for a moment in quiet shock.
Dean waited. He knew there was a 'but' coming on. Sure enough -
thought Dean.
“Exactly.” said Cas. “Now should I guess what you do?” He gestured at his now empty plate. “Because I assume you must be a chef at the most high-end burger restaurant in town.”
"I agree," said Castiel, to no one's surprise. They all knew that if circumstances had allowed, he'd be halfway to Dean already, with or without them.
Pain flooded Cas's body, tore through every inch of his being. It took only a moment before he was blind from the agony, vision going white and empty. His ear drums felt as though they would soon burst. Despite the leather gag in his mouth, he managed to scream, a deep keening noise. Like a wild animal, a sound of death, loud and visceral. The sound carried through the dungeon, through the surrounding forest, even through the courtyard of the castle. It sent shivers down the spines of those that heard it. Mothers urged their children indoors at the sound. Small animals ran for cover. Leaves themselves seemed to tremble on the trees.
Rowena sighed.
But...
He watched and waited until The Man in Black came into view. His eyes were alert and searching, but he didn't see Benny hidden among the branches. Suddenly Benny felt a wave of remorse.
A third almost took her by surprise, but to Rowena's astonishment, Kevin was there with a right hook, and then Charlie yanked the guard's arms back and wrestled away the sword. That gave Rowena time enough for a spell, and she opted to put the guard into a deep sleep.
Azazel laid Cas down on a table within the dungeon. He secured his arms and legs with restraints.
"Hello!" said Sam, louder now. "My name is Samuel, son of Mary! You killed my mother. Prepare to die!"
, Chuck. Like you're hurting Cas!"
Longer chapters coming soon!
Charlie rolled her eyes at them, but they could tell she was pleased at the change of heart.
Benny and Sam stepped forward, shielding the unarmed Winchester. They glanced at each other in silent communication, and then without warning, they rushed Chuck from either side.
"His troop was sent to spy on Hell from within. They were captured and you slaughtered them all."
"Don't worry. You'll join him soon. But after the wedding, of course."
Kevin scanned through them. He'd never given much thought to these lost angels, but now he did. He wondered about the stories of each angel – what had caused their fall? What heroics or despicable deeds had they performed? What tragedies had befallen them before their own demise?
The grip was tight and getting tighter. Dean gasped and his fingers scratched uselessly at the back of Chuck's hands.
"We just want to be free," added Castiel.
?" asked Dean, voice cracking slightly. It wasn't fair that Sam should die here, now, when Heaven had been set back in order and they had won.
Rowena and Charlie both stared at him in shock. "You have Castiel's grace?"
Then she looked up and beamed at them. This note - calling for a witch to save the Queen, and detailing how to find her prison chamber - it was like fate. It was like a gift from, well, not God apparently, but someone far more helpful.
Dean.
move an inch. He couldn't even turn his head to see whether the footsteps approaching were friend or foe.
Of course, that wasn't an option.
They go on.
"Yeah I do, Cas. I have three girls who've all had varying degrees of heartbreak. Not just boys, either - lost family, lost friends, the works. You're not the first wounded warrior to come here, and you won't be the last is my guess."
And you're not gay, so you should be able to agree with him, should be able to say,
"Then why are you smiling?"
Now, Benny wasn't inclined to agree. It sounded much more like the sound of someone's body being broken to bits, or pulled apart, or set aflame, maybe. But he also trusted Sam's instincts.
In his ears and nose, but his mouth and eyes were closed as tightly as possible to prevent it from getting in there too. This would be a blind's man journey, a matter primarily of luck, which had never been his friend. His open hands reached as far as they could go for anything solid.
The group shared looks. "But, you can't move yet."
"Cas, are you
"Release the hunter and prepare to face justice for his kidnapping," said Prince Chuck.
Cas bit his lip and his eyes shimmered. "There are rumors that the demons of Hell are plotting against the Kingdom of Heaven. The Queen has requested that every angel prepare for war and serve should the time come."
Sam smashed his sword down against Azazel's weapon, and the power of the swing made the Count lose his grip. His sword clattered uselessly to the floor, and then the point of Sam's blade was directly over his heart.
“Of course! Fencing and fighting! Angels and demons and giants!”
Cas and Dean walked through the barren woods together. Dean reluctantly let go of Castiel's hand - it was better if they were to be ready to fight whatever may come their way.
But he had promised Sam that he would stay by him, to the end of the road. He'd grown fond of Castiel as well, despite the fact that the fallen angel was currently a burdensome weight on his shoulder.
The angel struck without warning, moving quick as a blink, and then Benny had been grabbed 'round the chest with an Angel blade pressed to his throat.
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Considering he was just dead, that's probably the least of his worries."
"My illness," spat the Queen. "He was poisoning me slowly over time, until I was weak enough to trap. He sent you away so you wouldn't figure it out."
Once he was beyond them and in the castle, he began to walk more quickly, following the mantra of directions that were stuck in his head.
Dean was stunned. He had no intention of giving Chuck any information, but this was the one question he couldn't answer if he wanted to. The Queen had escaped apparently, but where was she now? Was it possible she had fled on her own, and now they were left in this mess?
"Wrong choice," said The Man calmly.
Dean bakes the cake, a double chocolate one with chocolate frosting, an absolute toothache guaranteed to make Sam shake his head and make Jack salivate. Dean even adds some rainbow sprinkles to the top to give it a pop of color, and he’s pleased with the result. He’ll be happy as long it tastes as good as it looks.
Dean skimmed the top sheet and Castiel's name suddenly jumped out at him.
"Cas, you alright?"
Cas rouses Dean, and then they’re both up and ready. Sam, meanwhile, springs into action. He grabs the cake from the counter and uses a lighter to get it lit. It has a single yellow candle, in the shape of the number 3. Dean had gotten a kick out of picking it out at the store for their toddler-not-toddler son.
Sam and Benny smiled at the angel and at Dean who was beside him. Benny placed a hand on the hunter's shoulder. "This isn't goodbye forever, brother. I'm sure we'll see each other again, one way or another."
She smiles. "Either way, stay here for a bit. Just give him some time."
"Hurry up and do it," growled Sam. He closed his eyes and braced himself for both the pain and the eventual sweet relief.
"Rowena," The Queen had said. "I thought - has Prince Chuck not turned you against me? It's been years since you were my Remedy Woman and you never came to my aid."
Sam was getting frustrated. "Will you help us or not?"
Since Dean had stopped ordering him around, Castiel found that he had a lot more spare time on his hands. He spent much of it reading under the old oak tree just across from the farmhouse. Dean couldn't help but watch him from his bedroom window and admire him from afar.
Cas takes that as permission to progress. He moves his finger in a slow rhythm, and soon enough Dean is getting into it, pushing back against his hand. Cas has not forgotten about Dean’s significant erection, and begins to stroke it with his left hand while his right continues to tease and explore.
“Good weird or bad weird?”
Dean stubborn, resolute. Shoves him against a wall. Cas thinks there may have been tears slipping down his face. "Please don't make me," he says. "I need you," he says. Three words that have always stood in for those other three words Dean still can't say. Cas wonders if it would matter. Knows it doesn't.
Benny made one last valiant effort to turn the tables, but The Man was ready for the attempt. He quickly poked the syringe into the skin of Benny's forearm. He pushed the plunger down just as Benny gained leverage to flip him. Benny let out a groan before collapsing heavily on top of The Man.
Prince Chuck merely sighed and snapped his fingers. The boys were thrown back by the unseen force and fell away into crumpled heaps upon the ground.
Charlie scowled at the witch. "Rowena, we don't need to scam people. Couldn't you please do the decent thing for once?"
"This wasn't how I wanted this to go!" railed Chuck. "This was supposed to be epic! A war with devastating casualties and destruction, a reflection of the futility of mortal and semi-mortal beings – demons, angels, man. Now it's just me, a god, getting rid of three losers. That's not new! What's interesting about that story?"
Dean felt grieved and guilty. He had intended to find out where Cas was and set off to rescue him immediately. But though The Pit was mentioned, clues as to its precise whereabouts were not. The Queen's location, however, was there in the fine print - including the secret entrance.
"I will, and I choose – what in Lucifer's name is that?" Crowley suddenly exclaimed, pointing over The Man in Black's shoulder. The Man looked around, and while his back was turned, Crowley switched the positions of the goblets.
There's movement eventually, and then the sound of machinery. He's jostled. He knows the thunking sound of dirt when it hits the box, then everything else is quiet, muted. He's in the ground now and he can't remember if Dean even said goodbye. He knows for sure that Sam wasn't even there, but he doesn't know why. Maybe Cas did kill Eileen, after all.
Dean looked down and was shocked to see Sam the Giant and Benny the vampire below him. He very nearly thought it might be better if he just climbed back up the way he had come.
"On your knees," said The Man calmly.
Dean reached the end of his 'rope' alarmingly fast. He was still a full floor and half up and dangling.
"I won't move!" Sam shouted, to no one in particular. "I am waiting for Crowley," he said. "If we got separated the pl-plan was to return here. Crowley will come and I'm not l-leaving til then."
"So why didn't you?" The Man asked.
Angry tears filled Dean's eyes. He stood as straight and defiant as he could. "I died when he did," he said. With a great heave, Dean managed to rip free of the rope at last. "And you can die too for all I care." He didn't have a weapon anymore, so he did the next best thing and used his newly free hands to push Cain down the steep ridge.
"Wait," said Benny. "Rowena, would you say you have a score to settle with Prince Chuck?"
Dean shook the cannister to test it. He had used quite a bit but there was enough left to get them through in a pinch. He hoped it wouldn't be necessary, though.
Sam turned away from the ugly scene and began to walk back the way he had come, through the broken double doors. He kept his fist pressed against his stomach wound. He wasn't sure how bad it might be, but he was determined to see Benny and Castiel again, even if it was the last thing he managed to do.
Except.
Now that he was here, another memory struck Azazel. This sword against him now was one he had commissioned, long ago. At that time many of his enemies were fellow demons, and he had specifically asked for one that would be useful against even them. One that could kill them.
As they reached for each other, their hearts felt impossibly light and free. It is said that since the invention of the kiss, there have been five kisses that were rated the most passionate, the most pure.
"Must have been a trick of the light," said Crowley, trying not to laugh. "Shall we drink? Me from my glass, and you from yours."
Dean's head swam and his vision dimmed to almost nothing and then—
"Okay," Kevin agreed with a nod.
Sam paced at the top of the cliff. He hated waiting while Benny and Crowley handled Dean, who had proven to be difficult and potentially dangerous. Sam needed this to go as planned so that his portion of the demon deal would be complete.
Dean reaches over and gently pulls the laptop off of Cas's lap, trying not to wake him. He closes it with a quiet snap and sets it down under his side of the bed.
It was enough. Because in the instant he was held by Castiel, Amara took the opportunity provided. The black smoke reached out again, and a thick stream of it curled around Chuck's whole body like a python. His arms were forced to his sides, and another tendril wrapped around his blade and yanked it from his hand.
“In the drawer,” Dean says, nodding towards the bedside table.
Dean placed a hand on the door as if to reach through to Cas. He had no idea that on the other side, Cas was doing the same.
But he didn't. And he couldn't.
Not a man,
He collapses onto Dean, who swings them onto their sides. Though he’d probably never admit it to anyone else, Dean literally
The great thing about Prince Chuck was that he trusted very few with his secrets. The guards at the main gate had no knowledge of his more dastardly plans than Dean himself had until recently. They had no clue that the prince would very much like to see Dean dead in the near future.
When Benny had shoved Cas away to save him from the onslaught of the guards, Cas had managed to stay on his feet and duck out of sight for awhile. As the minutes grew, he found some strength in his limbs returning - not enough to be helpful in a fight, but enough to search for Dean. Soon, he had gotten away from the fray altogether and found a staircase. It was as likely a way as any to go, and though it was daunting at first, using the railing as support proved to be quite helpful.
"Because I know something you don't."
"Your wife?" Sam suggested at the same time Benny said, "Your roommate?"
And then, there it was. Even as a seasoned hunter who was used to finding small details, it would have been easy to miss. The section of wall was unassuming, and the large stone in the center was no different than a hundred other stones throughout the castle. But Dean knew its secret, and upon closer inspection, he could see the thin gaps separating that section of wall from the rest.
Crowley watched suspiciously. "Having a tea party, are we?"
Benny smiled. "You know, most people wouldn't give a vampire the time of day, even if they're reformed. You're really one of kind."
Sam swore under his breath. The truth of it quickly became clear as they descended the steps to the table with Castiel's body. Sam checked his pulse, he checked for breath, for any sign of life. There was nothing.
The Prince turned back to Dean and Castiel. He put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Farewell, then," he said to Cas. "The Count and Guards will stay and see you safely to your ship."
She smiled and dismissed them.
Queen Amara asked the group to stay in the castle for a few days while everything was sorted out. They gave her counsel in turn, and with their help, she was able to discern which guards and angels had betrayed her. In short order, she had all the traitors banished to The Empty Lands.
"Where is Crowley?"
against a wall, and now it's Cas that put you there. Feels like a memory, or a dream you never let yourself remember. His face is just inches from yours and you want to tell him to step back, step down, step away but you don't.
Dean’s nearly
Dean returned to the now darkened kitchen and put an arm around Cas’s waist.
"I swear it shall be done," The Count replied.
"Huh. That's strange. It should be there," said Kevin, praying his poker face kept up.
"I want my mother back, you son of a bitch," said Sam, and then he drove the blade home.
His mom, Kelly, came in to check on him. “Hey kiddo! Feeling better?”
Sam shook his head, the shock starting to wear off as he made his way back to his room. He always knew that Dean loved Cas dearly, but Dean had always seemed adamant that it was a brotherly love, like family. But then again, sometimes Sam would see Dean looking at Cas with such intensity and tenderness that had Sam not felt very certain of his brother’s sexuality at the time…
Castiel smiled slightly, though it didn't reach his eyes. "They have agreed to return my wings and powers to me so that I may fight for them. And when the war is done, they will be mine to keep, along with my freedom. We can fly anywhere together, travel wherever we desire, and make a home."
Rowena softened slightly. "I know, deary. I suggest you lot lay low for awhile, perhaps camp out somewh—"
Sam made excellent use of the rocky terrain, moving with more grace than most would think possible for a man his size. He was fast on his feet, but his sword was even faster. Still, The Man in Black was managing to parry every attack. Every time Sam thought he'd gotten the upper-hand, he was proven wrong by a countering flash of steel.
And then the lights came on.
"Your conceit will be your downfall, Chuck," replied Cas calmly.
wants to be alive for love,
Michael closed his eyes, a look of anguish on his face. It seemed like immense effort when he finally reopened them. "I can't help you, Castiel. But I won't stop you, either." Then the angel pulled the key off from around his neck. He tossed it to Castiel, who caught it.
he thought.
Cas pauses to look at him. “I thought we could try it. Do you not want to?”
She dribbled some potion into his open mouth, then set the ladle aside. She placed a hand on his bare chest. "Stand back, boys," she said, so they did.
Cas took a swig from the waterskin. He choked slightly before managing to swallow some of it down. After that, he said, "Well, that was unpleasant."
When it was done, she raised an eyebrow at her two companions. "My, you both are full of surprises, aren't you?" she said.
Dean resists the fight or flight instinct that has become so natural to him. He resists the urge to joke it off. The moment is too heavy, it means too much, and they both know it. "I stayed," Dean agrees, a whisper between them. Dean reaches out tentatively to place a hand to Cas's cheek. He prays that it's the right move; everything feels fragile, tenuous, and for once in his life, Dean just wants to hold onto
"Promise not to hurt him," Dean said quietly, speaking directly to Chuck.
You expected him to tell you about new apocalypses that need to be averted, or some awful witchy mojo running rampant, or that there were more civil wars in Heaven. Not this. You don't care, obviously, but it hurts more than it should.
"I won't doubt you again."
The rope was pulling painfully on his ankle. His lungs were starting to strain. He was just about to lose hope but then, miraculously warm fingers gripped onto his wrist. He would have laughed with joy if he could have. Instead, he reached his other arm forward and wrapped it around what he assumed was Cas's waist. He contorted himself to grab hold of the rope while still gripping Cas tight. With a great heave, Dean managed to pull them upward.
There are hunters you know who once lived in the bunker as well, but the ones still alive have no trust for an angel and you don't blame them. They only ever tolerated you because a few people they admired once vouched for you.
, he thought, for it was the former angel that had taught him that illegal trick many years ago. Just in case.
He handed the waterskin to Dean, who also used it to clear some sand off of his own face.
“This -- this is amazing! This is all for me?”
The Man nodded. The two picked up their goblets. "Cheers," said The Man in Black. The two bumped glasses and each took a solemn gulp of wine.
having you, Samuel," she said, and gave his right bicep a squeeze of her hand.
"Which goblet holds the poison? The game ends when you decide, we each drink, and we find out who is right…and who is dead."
The note had instead fallen into the hands of an unlikely trio. Rowena, Kevin, and Charlie had arrived at the castle after it had already descended into chaos. The main gate was open wide to all, and guards could be seen running this way and that, shouting at each other. It was clear there was some confusion as to who they were meant to be fighting.
"Unconscious," grunted Benny. "But we will all be a lot worse if Castiel can't hold Chuck off."
A metallic glint caught Dean's eye as he turned to what remained of the Leviathan bodies. A belt buckle. In an instant, Dean was stripping off his own belt and then that of the dead Leviathan. A quick inspection of the other corpses and he was able to scavenge three more belts and knot them together in a makeshift rope. He tied one end to the tree and one end to his own ankle. It would not be the easiest to maneuver, nor the safest, but he was banking on this arrangement giving him the longest reach. Even so, there would be little slack to spare.
But Kevin forced a pitiful look onto his face. "No, sir. Sorry, sir," he said, though he was not sorry at all. He was fed up. He may not have been a fighter, but he could still bring about Azazel's end. He would just have to wait until the ace in his pocket could be played. He would need help, but he would make it happen.
"Now, Rowena!" shouted Queen Amara.
“Okay! Stop. I don’t want to know, Cas. But why didn’t Dean just open the door? He could have just pretended he had a girl over, if he didn’t want me to know yet.”
Dean finished writing his letters to Cas. They all said the same thing – that he was sorry, that they should have fought to be together, and that it was his biggest regret. He promised he would never let Cas go again if only he returned.
In spite of yourself, the rage is full and present in your voice, even obvious enough for someone like Cas to notice. "I get it, Cas. You think we can't be family because you're an angel, and that automatically makes you stronger and better. How does Crowley put it? We're just your…pets."
Down the main hall. Left. Right. Down two flights of stairs. Right. Past the painting which depicted Lucifer's Fall from Grace. Another right. Another left.
With that, Michael disappeared with a sound of rushing wings.
You're not gay, but Cas is standing awfully close to you (again) and your stomach is in weird knots and he smells kind of – good? If you've told him once, then you've told him a thousand times, not to stand so damn close. You have definitely been clear that humans need personal space, but you're pretty sure he's stopped listening to you. Which is weird, right, because you haven't seen him stand this close to Sammy in a long time.
Dean feels his heart sink for a reason he doesn't quite understand. Of course Cas misses being an angel, why wouldn't he?
"You were dead, Cas."
Queen Amara had arrived.
He shoved his shoulder hard against the door, and a moment later he heard Dean's voice calling out, demanding to know who was there. Cas's spirit lifted knowing Dean was so close by. The two exchanged short greetings, and the hunter then quickly explained the situation to Cas. They would have to meet on the grounds and make a run for it, he said.
Years ago, Castiel had disobeyed an order of Heaven's Great Council. As punishment, he was stripped of his wings and angel powers, and sent to live and work among commoners. Dean's father, John, who had no great love for Heaven's Great Council either, took pity on Castiel. He gave him his meager living circumstances. Castiel worked the farm, tended the stables, and of course, acted as servant to the young Winchester.
"No one of consequence," came the reply.
Cas and Dean nodded their agreement. Benny was right. It was time to go.
Dean steps inside and looks towards the bed, where he can see the rough outline of Cas in the dark. He thinks he can see the former angel's eyes reflecting back at him as well. "It's me."
Rowena raised an eyebrow. "I bring him back, Chuck suffers?"
thought Kevin, but he didn't say it. He almost wanted to join them, but he was sure their mission would be dangerous, and he didn't know if he was quite ready for that. But maybe someday. With no more delay than that, the two left the dungeon, carrying the body of Castiel with them.
Amara clutched her chest and let out a grunt of pain. But still she stood and even took a step closer to her brother. The smoke was all around her body, like a shield, and more strands grew like arms at her command. A few managed to spike sharply out at Chuck, and then two tentacles of smoke were wrapping around the Prince's neck.
The Man grunted as he pushed Benny's unconscious body off of him. He retrieved his sword and the Demon blade from off the ground, then hurried through the path that had been cleared before him. He was set on his goal and knew that he was close now. He could not be stopped.
They were at each other at once, every move precise, any mistake now certainly fatal. The Man in Black was unlike anyone Sam had ever fought. Another few steps forward, a few steps back, more clanks of steel colliding. Sam was definitely breaking a sweat just in his attempts to fend off his opponent.
Cas ran a hand agitatedly over his face. “Yes, Dean’s a bit more vocal than I might have assumed…I’m sorry we woke you.”
Gabriel glared, then shrugged. "You're wed."
Rowena read their apprehension correctly. "You'll do fine, my dears. I saw the way you disarmed that guard without my help. Just stick together, alright?"
Dean grinned. “Of course,
And then a second punch connected and the world went black and empty.
A figure emerged from the castle, and suddenly the Prince knew all was lost. The red-headed woman approached. Her eyes were focused and on her lips was an ancient chant.
"Promises can be broken. You'll just have to wait."
"Are you still trying to win? Have you spent your whole life hunting for me, only to fail now? That's the saddest thing I've ever heard." Azazel's lips curled into a mocking smile.
The grace in his pocket was warming him through the fabric of his clothes, and he could think of little else. He wondered if Sam and Benny had made it to Rowena's, and if she had been able to do anything for the dead man. If so, surely Castiel would be aiming for vengeance towards Prince Chuck. Perhaps Azazel too, since the Count had tortured him.
"Don't touch me!" he snarled. "I remember you! You're a coward, aren't you? I beat you in a sword fight so you poisoned and paralyzed me! You'll pay, I swear it."
Benny could not help but feel that this was a misguided plan. Castiel had his desperation to save Dean, and Sam of course could not be slowed down now that they were this close to the yellow-eyed man. But the fact remained that they had no reason to believe they could survive an encounter with a god like Prince Chuck.
A sliding peephole opened and a woman's eyes were clearly visible. They were sharp, intelligent, and sparkling. Sam's first thought was that this was not someone to be messed with.
"Hey Crowley? You sure no one is following us?"
"Sam, wait, I don't think I can -"
, thought Sam remorsefully. And so he stomped his foot, and at this signal, Benny jumped out from behind him, fangs bared and menacing. The guards had not seen him coming and all their attention was suddenly diverted to the vampire. With that distraction, Sam gave up the fiery charade. He pulled off the now smoldering cloak and pulled out his sword.
Then the young man pulled out the vial of swirling grace.
Benny and Sam slowly approached the angel from either side, knowing that this was a significantly more dangerous foe. For once, Sam may have given up his mother's sword for an Angel blade, if he'd had the choice.
Apparently it is the right thing, because Cas closes his eyes and literally leans/nuzzles into his touch and good lord, when did he become so temptingly kissable?
Prince Chuck reached for the dial of the Machine. "But I don't
All the color drained from his face, a fact Sam couldn't help but notice. "You remembered, didn't you?" he asked. "Thought you were safe enough, but this is no ordinary sword, is it?"
Dean grimaced. Purgatory was filled with monsters and peril, beyond that of even Hell. "We'll never survive."
“I’d like to read it to you, if you don’t mind.”
It’s the first time they’ve all been alive and together for this. No one is dead, missing, or possessed by an angel or demon. Chuck is gone. This is finally the birthday their kid deserves.
"I think," she said, "that we have to go be heroes."
Put in the ground.
“We? What are you--? What the hell?” Sam was trying to process this, but he was still coming down from the weird combination of deep sleep and high adrenaline.
(See the end of the chapter for
A few days after Chuck's imprisonment, Queen Amara called all the major players of that fateful day into her court for assembly.
Cas loved him for it, loved him beyond words. Then he smiled at Dean again. "Did you say 'I do,' Dean?" he asked.
Fingers crossed for everyone for the finale they hope to see!
"Cas, fetch me a drink,"
Their world came back to them. The ocean was lapping against the rocky shore, the sea air smelled sharp and refreshing compared to the vaguely decomposing scent of Purgatory. The sun was rising and beginning to reflect beautifully off the water. Just down the shore, Castiel's ship was still anchored and swaying with the tide.
And then, miraculously, Sam saw Castiel's chest rise as he took a breath on his own.
It’s a few long, glorious minutes.
"Of course!" said Charlie. "Have fun storming the castle!"
"Aye," said Benny. The vampire reached down and attempted to heave Sam to his feet. It would have been impossible had Sam not become compliant, but Benny's presence had relaxed him. He stood up on shaky legs.
The change this caused in Sam was something quite terrific to behold. Suddenly his power and fury came through in every thrust of his sword, faster than he had been, stronger, no longer tired.
"Maybe in a little bit you can shower and I'll put on some soup for lunch? It's good for colds."
Benny shrugged. "Didn't seem fair."
"Enough! Pronounce us as married!" demanded Prince Chuck.
"Cas, make sure you brush Baby thoroughly tonight."
The Count's yellow eyes flashed with annoyance. "But it was just getting good."
Perhaps Cas’s recent return from the dead had made things a little more clear and immediate to the two of them.
"Never mind," Chuck said. "Continue, now!"
Dean let go of the sheets and dropped like a stone, but Sam was there as promised to catch him in his giant arms.
"She's not a witch, she's my –" Rowena couldn't seem to finish the sentence. There was suddenly awkward tension in the room. Charlie had narrowed her eyes.
All plans forgotten, he ran to the door. "Cas? Cas, is that you?"
Dean felt encouraged enough to press into Cas’s space, and was elated when Cas leaned in even closer.
Rowena sighed. "He's a good lad," she said.
"Come now, children," taunted Michael. "You were doing so well. Don't be shy now."
Again, Kevin couldn't help himself. "No," he said sadly. "You can't."
"Sam," he whispered. "Listen, you don't seem the sort to hang around with monsters."
Dean thinks to himself.
Sam trailed off, clearly having no argument ready for the demon.
Chuck glared. "Well, you've screwed up the plans. But I'll scrape together a new ending anyway."
He'd seen her before, in the village, and believed her name was Hannah. He watched Hannah sidle up to Castiel beneath the tree. She flashed a smile Dean could see all the way from his window, and he saw Castiel return it graciously.
Blood would have to be shed. Specifically, his.
"Watch it," growled Dean.
He took comfort once again in Baby, brushing her coat and petting her sweet, trusting head. He loved that horse, and even more so now that it was his last connection to his father (whom he had not been able to see since the engagement), and of course, to Cas.
One morning, while Dean was riding along, he ran into two men along his path. He dismounted to greet them.
"Crowley's dead."
He leaned in and -
Dean’s breathing heavily now. “Fucking hell, Cas.”
Chuck rolled his eyes. "Very well, Dean," he said. Chuck snapped his fingers, and suddenly Dean was down below among the crowd, and standing right in front of the booing man.
Zachariah glared at the petulant nickname, and neither angel lowered their blade. "Nothing much, Dean-o," Zachariah spat. "We're right where we're supposed to be. You, on the other hand…"
"Ah, yeah. Chuck said you'd be surprised I was here. But where's the other guy? He said there would be three angels…"
A giant hand came down and grabbed Dean by the scruff of his collar. It pulled him bodily up and back into the boat of his captors. The giant's sleeves were wet from the sea. "Not a good way to go, man."
solid. It was undoubtedly a pocket of Lightning Sand – it was the stuff of Purgatory legend: hard to spot and with no substantial form, it was truly a suffocating sink pit. In the time it took for Dean to register what he was seeing, Cas was devoured by the chasm and completely out of sight.
Benny and Sam stared at the spot he disappeared from, and then up at Castiel. "That was great timing to get your legs back, Castiel," said Benny. "We're gonna need you."
Much to their dismay, Dean Winchester was not to be found, nor Castiel. A dead end, it would seem.
Jody doesn't ask who 'he' is. She doesn't need to. You wonder how much she's seen and felt and guessed about the two of you. But she clearly knows enough.
"If you return to the boat, I promise no harm will come to you," said Crowley. "I doubt you'll get such an offer from the Sirens."
And it's stupid, really stupid, because he knows he can't help Cas and he knows it's just a cold, but he finds himself heading towards Cas's room anyway. His eyes are fairly well-adjusted to the dark by now, so he doesn't bother turning on any lights, not wanting to wake Sam. He knocks lightly on Cas's door.
"Weren't you kidnapping him at the time?"
"Hey, um, any chance you could hurry up?" called Sam down the cliff.
Sam gritted his teeth some more and straightened his stance.
Benny quickly fanged out, and Sam was all ready with his sword, and then the host of guards were upon them. These were not the green watchmen of the main gate, but instead a great many of the skilled Royal Guard.
Castiel smiled slightly. "Just a flesh wound, Dean. All things considered, I'm pretty pleased we managed without worse. Do you still have some borax, though? We can never be too careful in here."
Dean nodded. "Okay. Then I'll find you one, and we'll take out Chuck together."
He steps closer and you try to step back but you're against a wall now, and isn't this familiar? Your back is
Rowena shuffled around the room and pulled out a large bellows from one of the cabinets. She pressed the nozzle into Castiel's mouth and pushed down so that the accordion base compressed on itself. Castiel's chest rose as his lungs expanded with air.
"He was so young, Cas. Maybe we could have helped him change."
Benny bit his lip and turned his face away from them. Kevin bowed his head in defeat.
The lid opens. Too bright. He closes his eyes. Hands on him, shaking him. "We found a way, Cas. I told you I'd come back for you."
Charlie grinned. "Back at ya," she said. Then she went up and prepped a bedroom for him and Sam to share.
Cas nods, eyes glazed and miserable, and something about that makes Dean just want to…just wrap him up or something. He resists the urge.
Benny chuckled. "Alright, off with you," he said. "Any more goodbyes and we'll be standing here all day."
“Harder,” he manages in between curse words.
They were almost there when Crowley heard the footsteps behind them. He turned and saw The Man in Black heading towards them. "Inconceivable!" he said.
Chuck scoffed. "You call us family, but offer me nothing but threats. I stood in your shadow for too long, Sis. I'm not going back."
It was a moving speech, though Cas couldn't help but lament that he was forced to give it while lying flat and motionless on his back.
He was nearly to floor three – with no clear thought of how to find Dean except to go on – when he had heard the sound of the shattering glass. It was coming from the hallway off the nearest landing.
Back in the woods, Benny had disappeared, but evidence of his tussle with The Man in Black remained. Prince Chuck, along with The Count and his trusted Royal entourage, had tracked the kidnappers to that very spot.
"Hello boys," said Rowena. She looked a little drained, but still offered them a satisfied smirk.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas tilted his head and squinted at the former servant of Azazel. "Why?"
Dean swore under his breath. He had to work to fight away his rage at Heaven's betrayal.
"Well, alright then, Cas," you say, and turn away from the angel so he can't see the pain and anger in your face.
"Well, I'll be damned," said Benny, gazing around the sitting room in wonder.
And yet that hadn’t stopped him, hadn’t stopped either of them, from sharing that first kiss, soon moving it to the bed and shedding clothes like they were on fire. And it hadn’t stopped them from doing it again anytime over the last month, and Dean could honestly say that they were getting into a pretty good rhythm. He liked having Cas underneath him, liked the feeling of him, liked the look in his eyes and the small restrained grunts he could wring out of him.
"I'll be fine," Sam replied. "Now if only we had Castiel..."
"Before we fought, he told me of his quest to avenge his mother. I didn't want to be the one to stand between him and achieving that goal."
“A book?” To tell the truth, he was a little disappointed, but tried not to show it. It had been a long time since he’d gotten a present that wasn’t somehow sports-related. “The Prince’s Groom,” Jack said, reading the title out loud. “Is this a girl book, Dad?”
"Tell me who she is and where I can find her. Now."
"Um." Sam avoided the question by opening the shack's front door and maneuvering Cas into the wheelbarrow they had left outside. He laid the former angel down gently into it, but the scowl on his face said exactly how Cas felt about the situation.
"Uh, Crowley?" said Benny. Both he and Sam were peering over the edge of the cliff. "He didn't fall."
Chuck put on a pitying expression. "Not anymore. He's dead. I killed him a little while ago."
They stood together, and Cas began to lead the rest of the way to the second rift.
With nothing more than a snap of his finger, Chuck and Dean were gone.
Cas coughed some more, particles of sand expelling from his mouth.
He started a new routine. In the morning, he worked the farm. He had never had much love for the work, hence why his father brought on Castiel, but now he used it to train. He hauled bales of hay where needed. He painted the back fence, switching hands on occasion to strengthen his weaker arm and grip. He cut firewood, raked leaves, did anything and everything to keep in shape.
"Don't worry about it, Cas. I carry people all the time," said Sam. "In fact, I even carried Dean on my back. He didn't mind."
A pause, followed by a hoarse cough, followed by, "Come in."
And then the Prince reached out and placed a hand to Dean's head, putting him immediately to sleep. Before his body could crumple to the floor, Chuck snapped his fingers and relocated Dean to his bedroom. He would stay locked there until the wedding. For his own good.
After a particularly close call for The Man in Black, he decided to go on the attack rather than continuing to defend himself. He arched his arm up and came down smoothly, flicking his wrist upward at the last second to catch Sam in his right bicep. Sam grimaced slightly – the sword had sliced through his shirt and grazed his skin in a shallow cut. But the giant smiled. "I have to admit, you're better than me."
Prince Chuck was too fast or powerful or both. The second Dean was in reach, his hand shot out to grab Dean by the throat.
"Oh. That sucks."
Dean was all too happy to have Castiel at his beck and call. He loved to make Cas do a variety of mundane chores for him. Castiel never once complained. He'd merely look at Dean, with those eyes that were the color of the sea before a storm, and say, "As you wish."
Sam beamed at the nickname. It sounded nice, coming from Dean. "Technically, I died because I'm a stubborn, vengeful bastard...but, you're welcome, Dean."
"Listen, Castiel," said Chuck, sounding almost regretful. "It's not personal, alright? You just don't fit with what I'm trying to accomplish. What you and Dean have together, that love? It's the stuff of storybooks, the stuff of happily ever after."
Outside his window, the sun was almost down, and the wedding would be set to start soon. But surely Chuck couldn't force him? Could this really be happening? And Cas, oh Cas, was he really...?
Eileen dies. He didn't kill her. At least, he doesn't think he did. He's not sure. It's been years, right? He can't be expected to remember everyone he ever put in the ground.
Cas doesn’t answer, instead positions his body over Dean’s. His eyes are dilated times a hundred, and if Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say that Cas looks downright hungry. He can feel Cas, hard against his thigh.
I feel like I cheated to get 'mawidge' lines in there, but aw well. I mean, it's Gabriel, so why not?
Kevin picked up the vial. It was warm to the touch and his head spun a little as a powerful sensation washed over him. It wasn't unusual for grace to affect humans at close range, but none of the ones that Kevin had ever handled gave off a feeling as strong as this. He looked around the dungeon to ensure he was alone, and then, without knowing exactly why or what he planned to do next, Kevin slipped the vial of Castiel's grace into his pocket.
Castiel looks at him and for a second there's a black film over his eyes and he cannot recognize Sam. He thinks he may be a monster too. Maybe they all are. Maybe they all deserve to end.
But Sam had not yet seen, as he was still busy with two of his own opponents.
"My throat has stopped hurting," he reports. "But I can no longer breathe through my nose at all."
By the very next morning, however, those little worries became irrelevant. What actually came to pass was something they had never thought of, and was far worse than what they had feared.
"The castle courtyard was filled to burst with Heaven's citizens, all waiting to catch a glimpse of the newly wed royal couple.
But Kevin was given the driver and carriage he was promised. Castiel and Dean took only Baby for their departure, though the Queen had also found Castiel's ship in the Royal Harbor. It had been secretly docked there by Chuck since Cas's capture.
"Buy me a drink first, huh?"
The hunter turned on the spot and slashed haphazardly with his Demon blade, but Prince Chuck merely disappeared and reappeared out of Dean's reach. "Really? You know that won't kill me."
Cas grinned slightly. It was clear he was enjoying having Dean as an audience. "I'm getting to it. 'I am not the real Dread Demon Cain,' he said. My name is Timothy, but no one would have been afraid of the Dread Demon Timothy. It's the name that inspires the proper fear, that leaves the legacy.' He told me that he had inherited the name of Cain and his ship from a man named Cain, who was also not the real deal. His real name was Ryan, and the name and ship had been passed down several times even before him. When the current Cain wants to retire, they choose someone else to take over."
The spell was especially glitchy when people exited or entered. Had he been in his right mind, he probably would have been more cautious when stepping out the door, but as it was, he was not. He stepped out right into the path of a giant and a vampire, the 'scenery' behind him flickering to expose the truth of the building for all to see.
"Death cannot stop a bond as profound as ours, Dean. I will always return to you."
No, wrong. Not this time. No Naomi. No Chuck. This is all Castiel, fallen Angel of the Lord.
Dean looked back at Cas and Chuck, fear spiking through his heart. Cas might be an angel again, but Chuck was a god of immense power. Was there really any chance?
The giant released him, though he kept his hand close to the sword at his side. Kevin turned around and opened the dungeon door, which was still glitching in and out of phase. "I have to warn you though," said Kevin. "Castiel – The Man in Black – is dead."
"He freed you?"
The stranger was even quicker at navigating the rope than Sam. Crowley growled at the giant when he realized this. "Inconceivable! You were supposed to be this magnificent colossus, this great strong warrior, and yet he gains on us!"
Amara nodded sympathetically. "Well, we're currently in need of Royal Guards, and you two are more than qualified. Although," she glanced at Castiel, "I've heard tell that the Dread Demon Cain has...gone to ground. Perhaps you would prefer the open sea?"
"Let's get on with this."
Dean was sinking in despair. He had hoped that Castiel had died quickly. That he had not suffered. This monster had ensured that he did.
You squeeze yours eyes shut and try to keep the flood at bay. "It's my fault. I should have told them that Jack wasn't well, that he might accidentally be a danger to himself and others but..."
They all go to a diner one day. There's a man groping the blonde waitress. She's too scared and young to protest. Younger than Claire is. Was.
"Useless," muttered Crowley.
Another dream, this one a nightmare.
Dean shook himself. He had been overwhelmed, watching Cas come back from the brink, but the former angel needed him to keep his head. Dean found the bag and pulled out the waterskin. He handed it to Cas, who unscrewed the cap and splashed it over his face. While Cas worked on that, Dean gathered up the chain of belts and placed them in Cas's bag, just in case they'd come in handy again.
It's the best sleep he's ever had, and it's with great reluctance that Dean opens his eyes the next morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
You don't want to burden
Cas pulled at the restraints to no avail, and before he knew it, the door to the dungeon was opening and briefly swathing him in light from outside.
He's just trying to make life easier for a sick friend is all.
Kevin shrugged while Charlie grinned. "I'm keeping this," said the red-head, raising the sword happily.
And then Benny saw him. One of the guards attacking him had yellow eyes.
"Dean, there's already like a 90% chance I get you sick from this. Stop touching everything and just tell me your damn password."
The Man looked at it. It was a thing of beauty - precisely crafted, with a stunning handle and shining blade. "I've never seen its equal," said The Man honestly.
Dean felt his frustration growing. "No disrespect, your Highness, but I still don't know why you're here."
Kevin was the first to set off. He was teary-eyed, as were they all, but there was a smile on his face. He gave his last thanks to the Queen and waved at the little group through the carriage window.
"But I didn't. And now they're gone and
"You have an extra weapon, Cas? Those crooks stole my Demon blade."
"In any case," she continued, "he's only mostly dead. Which means he's partly alive."
“Hi,” said the man awkwardly. “Uh, my name is Castiel Novak. I just moved into the apartment across from yours.”
"Hello again, Prince Chuck," said Cas. His tone was pleasant, but his hand flexed over the handle of his sword. His blue eyes were simmering with a barely disguised rage.
With just a brief tilt of his head and respectful nod at the fallen, The Man in Black turned away and hurried onward.
Purgatory had a smell, like sulfur and plant decay. The trees were many, but they were bare and their spindly branches looked like twisted bones reaching up to the sky. Night had fallen, although it was hard to be sure if that had anything to do with time, or if it was just perpetually dark in this new land.
The Count did not loosen his grip. "What did they look like?"
Angels don't dream. But Cas does. Or maybe he hallucinates. Maybe it doesn't matter when he's more than six feet under for all eternity.
You wonder vaguely where the other Charlie might have ended up. You're little more than a stranger to that girl from another world, but you can't help but think of the one you knew. She had always had an incredibly kind soul and you know she probably would have taken pity on you. Put you up and talked to you, about Dean and about your fading powers and the grief you feel pressing in on all sides. But this other Charlie did not sign up for that, wouldn't understand, and you'll be damned before you try to burden that sweet woman who had the good sense to stay away from you all.
He looked back now, his own green eyes blazing. "And you murdered him, didn't you, Cain?" Because who else but Cain was known for his all black attire and mask? Who but the Dread Cain could beat a giant, a vampire, and a demon? Who else could be as wicked?
Sam got to him first. He attempted to lay a reassuring hand on Castiel's shoulder, but it had the opposite effect.
Sam eyed the leftover rope that was resting near the edge of the cliff. "I could do that," he said. "But will you take it? I'm actually only waiting around to kill you."
Chuck just had time to turn an incredulous look at the angel before Cas's eyes were glowing blue again. He lifted his hand and the Prince grew stiff as Cas's power enveloped him.
Castiel smiled. "As you wish."
He could not wait until Castiel regained his strength. They had to move, before Azazel could have any chance to slip away or do more harm. It was foolhardy, but the time had come to boldly take his vengeance.
That first day that Castiel and Dean traveled together was beautiful and sunny. It was pleasant riding Baby through grassy countryside, over hills, and next to pretty little streams. Cas was very content to sit behind Dean as Baby carried them both onward.
"I'll get you there," promised Rowena. Then the witch removed her hooded cloak and offered it to the Queen. "But in the meantime, wear this. It may help to keep anyone from recognizing you."
“I hate to bother you, it’s just, I was wondering if you had any extra flashlights or candles I could borrow? Mine are all packed up in boxes still and it’s kind of a mess trying to find them without any light to start with.”
Alright, now you're totally fucking lost. "What?"
"Rowena, you didn't tell me we had company!" she said cheerfully.
Prince Chuck smiled with satisfaction. Castiel lay dead upon the table.
Benny had sudden inspiration. "Hey, are you a witch too?" he asked. "We're trying to get our friend here back to life, but we can't afford the ten thousand. Any chance you'd do it for cheaper?"
They reached the base of a large cliff. The ship in the distance was edging closer. It was definitely following them.
The giant joined Dean at Baby's side, and gave her a stroke along her mane. "She's a great horse," said Sam fondly.
Then Dean, driven to the edge, leaped towards the Prince without much of a plan in mind. He didn't care that he didn't have a weapon, he was going to punch Chuck in his stupid, smug face.
Sam returned his hand to his own stomach, and it was then that Dean noticed Sam's wound. "Man, should you even be walking?"
"Indeed."
"But he'll still be dead."
"Then make your choice," said The Man, voice icy as winter.
With a great intake of breath, the man regained consciousness.
"Sam!" Benny called out. "Azazel!"
"Power too, promise me that."
But Crowley had failed, and now Dean wanted to leave him for Castiel.
, either, but there's nowhere else. You know her love and loyalty is for the boys, but for you she is still a beacon of something right in this world. A kickass hunter, an amazing caretaker, a kind and resilient soul.
Cas focuses an intense gaze on Dean, who fights back a shiver at the look. "How do we cure this?"
What the - ?
"I know, I know!" Sam was pacing now, fists clenched. He turned suddenly on his heel, staring right at Kevin. "Who put the glamour on this building? Certain magic may be able to save a man from death. What we need is a witch, a powerful one."
“Yep, all the way. New York.”
"Best not get into it, lads," said Rowena at the same time Charlie said, "It's complicated."
They entered the room together. The bed was made up with silk sheets, the curtains on the window were opened to a starry sky outside, and everything was quite in order.
"Oh hell," said Chuck, and he was shocked enough to release his grip on Dean's neck. He turned to face the angel instead.
The man called Moose grumbled a bit but sped up his pace with the oars. He used his strong arms to maneuver them through the water, but the ship became larger in their vision even as they attempted to pull away.
Sam opened his eyes, tears clinging to his eyelashes but refusing to fall. "That was The Man in Black," he said.
No. No. Dean's face swam in his mind, as vivid as -
He shrugs. "Metatron gave me the knowledge of it. It sounds highly amusing and relaxing, but I've never had the pleasure of watching it for myself."
Rowena, who had some knowledge of the castle from her Remedy Woman days, lead the way. Though it was Castiel they were searching for, the intended destination was the hunter-groom's bedroom. What better place to look for the fallen angel, who was himself searching for his love?
of how strong she is."
Their eyes met, one pair shining dangerously and the other resigned.
And then Jack appears, slightly sleepy-eyed but honestly probably the most rested of any of them.
The nickname breaks through. Just briefly. Long enough for Dean to reach out to him.
Dean blinked in disbelief.
"You, too," said Dean.
, it couldn't be –
"Sure," said Sam quickly, "But also, can you tell me what do with him?" It wasn't so much that Castiel was heavy to someone like Sam, but he really wanted to get on with what they had come here for.
“Candle is burning down, kiddo,” says Dean. “Better make your wish.”
Benny was the first to make a move, reaching out in an attempt to grab him into a stranglehold, but The Man skirted his grasp with a quick side-step. Before Benny could regain his bearings all the way, The Man went for a kick to Benny's knee, which the vampire was just able to dodge as well.
You stare at him and let out a nervous chuckle. "…Verbal enthusiastic consent? I mean, accurate, but not your typical pick-up line. And you're saying you did research for, like, this specific situation? How long have you felt this way, Cas?"
You hate him for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallows slightly. He knows Cas meant it factually, and not as dirty talk since there’s no way the angel could pull off anything of the sort, but it has the same effect in any case. Dean’s imagination runs away with him, and he stiffens even more at the thought. He turns on his side to kiss Cas, who pulls him closer. And Dean starts to wonder exactly what it would feel like, to let Cas be on top for once. To give him control and let him do whatever he’d like, to let him in. Dean’s stomach is in tight knots just thinking about it, but not all of it is nerves. Some of it is excitement.
Dean Winchester was the most handsome human and most proficient hunter in the Kingdom of Heaven. Despite this, he was not vain. He had a humble life on his father's farm and was much admired by both the village women and men alike.
"No," said Dean, and it took everything in him not to let his knees give way. "No!" He made another attempt to slash at Chuck, but the god merely did his reappearing act again.
“What’s going --?”
It echoes. And then Dean reaches for him, his palm settling on the nape of Cas's neck, pulling him close, lips bridging the gap. A tingling down Cas's spine. Joy. "Come to bed, Cas," Dean says. A whisper, a plea. A prayer.
"You said humans just have to tough it out til it's over, right? I'm toughing it out."
"You are if I say so! Pronounce us as wed!"
He goes deeper, and Dean lets out a sound somewhere between a groan and a moan, and that just about does it for Cas. Enough with the prep, he needs Dean
“But have you eaten?” Dean asked again, more forcefully.
Kevin carefully released his grip on Cas, and Charlie instinctively braced the former angel to compensate while Kevin dug around in his pocket.
That seemed to spark interest in the witch. "Really? What if I'm terrible at magic? What if I killed whoever you wanted me to remedy?"
Queen Amara herself worked hard to put the castle back in order. Soon enough, word had spread across the kingdom that the Prince had fallen into disgrace, and that the Queen had returned to her rightful rule of Heaven.
Benny let out a booming laugh. He jerked a thumb in Crowley's direction. "That's him."
Dean doesn't answer.
"Dean."
"I must know."
They started to move, Dean following Cas at a quick pace. "I know a shortcut to my ship, just up ahead. You're not going to like it though."
"Lucky for us," said Cas, "our goals appear to have aligned. The yellow-eyed man is a member of Chuck's inner circle. He is a Count by the name of Azazel, and I have no doubt that where we find Chuck, we will find him."
"This may surprise you, Castiel, but I am no puppet," said Michael quietly. "Things are not as they once were, even I can see it. There are rumors that Prince Chuck…that he cares not for the Kingdom at all. That he's done…something…to the Queen." The whisperings had bothered Michael for some time, but he dared not speak them to his fellow angels, whose allegiances he could not be sure of. Castiel, however, had once been like a brother to him. And Castiel fell because he was always one to question orders and motives. In the secret part of his heart, it was something Michael admired intensely. So he shared his doubts now and waited for Castiel to either confirm or deny them.
Chuck smiled. "Good."
The Count ran and ran. He blew around corners and through a thick set of double doors, which he barred behind him. His knowledge of the castle was certainly coming in handy.
Sam is in charge of decorating. He puts up the banner, blows up the balloons, and hangs streamers along the bunker kitchen walls.
So they mounted Baby, with Dean at the reins and Cas settled behind him. They gave the group parting waves, then rode off on the long road, towards the horizon.
The vampire gave him a sad look. "I'm sorry, Sam. We will find another way."
But of course it was.
Hell.
"Thanks for everything," said Benny.
The Man nodded back. "So, what happens now?"
He needed info, and what better source than the monster's own words?
Dean touched the padlock on the cell door. "It might take me awhile, but I can break this lock."
And you stay like that, together, for maybe five long seconds that feel like days. Until Cas pulls away of his own accord. Part of you thinks that he just wanted to feel close to you. Just for a moment. "I'm sorry, Dean. I know you're not interested in the male form. Or me, specifically."
And then it was done.
Cas loses track of time, and sense, and sanity. The Mark still hungers for blood. He pounds his fist against the metal until his knuckles are raw. They would heal themselves, if he ever went long enough to let them.
"We have to go help her!" exclaimed Charlie.
"No-human diet, huh?" she asked, handing him a vial from Rowena's cupboards. "Well, speaking as a human, I certainly appreciate that."
"Kevin Tran," he said brusquely. "I'm looking for Sam and Benny. There's something I need to give them."
Sam smiled. "I'll be fine. You're looking better," he said, nodding at Benny's own stomach wound.
Sam thought.
At that, the vampire took a moment to show off his fangs in an intimidating snarl.
But he had never been more wrong.
Sure enough, a scaly Siren's face emerged from the water, and then another, and another. They were surrounding Dean, teeth bared and long shriveled fingers reaching for his arms and —
“Was that alright?” asks Cas after a moment of regaining his breath.
Instead he says, "Don't come back for me."
Rowena hurried forward. "You have it wrong, dear. These two gentlemen brought you to me for revival. You've been mostly dead for a day. You'll have your full faculties back by this evening, I expect."
It was not quite time to ride off into the sunset, but it was on the horizon, pun intended.
Charlie turned to Rowena once they were out of earshot. "You think they'll be alright?"
Dean squinted to get a better look and what he saw made his heart beat rapid-fire in his chest.
"Baby!" Dean exclaimed, hurrying over to the black beauty that Sam had favored.
"Wish me luck, old girl," he said, and Baby nuzzled against his hand.
There's a rushing sense of joy in your very bones, a contentment you haven't known in a long time. You'd be more than happy to let this last forever, but Cas pulls away from you once again, although more reluctantly this time. "Dean. Are you sure?" he asks.
Dean shook Prince Chuck's hand and had to hide his disgust at how sweaty it was. "And yours," said Dean.
"But I have no need of it," Castiel had told Amara, and later, he said the same to Sam. "And I'd like you to have it, Samuel, son of Mary. In case the sea ever calls you."
And so Rowena made short work of the padlock with magic, and the two hastened to make their exit.
