It never seemed to be the right moment before. There was too much going on.
Damn. He loves when Castiel is like that, all serious and dominating. He tells him how his night went, while his ass gets fingered, slowly filling him up without touching his prostate.
He wraps a hand around Dean’s hard length, slow strokes making an orgasm build then goes faster when the human begins to moan louder. Dean comes with a strangled moan and Castiel’s name follows right away. He cradles him, stroking his hair when they’re on their sides.
“I’ll call you back.” He says to Dean, hanging up so quickly he’s afraid his brother will know it’s suspicious. “Hey, Lucifer.” He tries not to less his affection show, but it’s useless.
He feels lost. His belief in God has always been a beacon to him and he was certain of wanting to be a priest. Now he’s not sure anymore, and he’s even doubting believing in God altogether. Everyone has doubts. That’s why he was told and he knows it’s true. He had doubts before, but never like that. It’s different. He feels like he should be doing something else, that there’s another  thing calling for him. He doesn’t know what. His teachers are disappointed, even if they told him to do as he wanted. They always told him that he was one of the most promising student. He knows that he has a gift to help people, or so many people said. Is it selfish if he wants to have some time to himself ?
“Is it good ?”
They stop and he pants, trying to stave off his orgasm. They busy themselves in the mean time, kissing and fingering each other. Their holes are wet, shining with lube and theirs cheeks are flushed when they turn back to him.
“Hey!” Sam protests.
Castiel bends to kiss him, then curls his hand around Dean’s throbbing dick. A few strokes are enough to make him tip over the edge and he comes with violence, shaking all over.
Restraints, rape, unwilling arousal
Father put a hand on the man’s shoulder. His temperature seemed normal. The doctor said there was nothing he could do, the man would wake up when he felt like it. He wasn’t injured, had no bump on his head. He looked like he was sleeping, as if he had decided to take a nap near the corn field. The doctor asked the group of men who had brought him in to transport him in a bed he kept for urgences. He promised the priest to tell him if there was any news. Everyone left and the doctor made himself dinner, checking from times to times to see if the stranger had moved. He hadn’t. He was very still, apart from his chest rising and falling back. The doctor blew the candles and went to bed.
He pushes Sam on the bed, getting naked before straddling him. He’s prepared, like he does sometimes. It allows him to go straight for what he wants and he often wants his ass to be fucked. Hard and deep usually.
Trust Lucifer not to do things by half. He thrusts his tongue inside, like he knows the blond likes. No need to go slow, if he prepared himself, it means he wants it quick. But Sam likes to eat him out, so he draws it a bit, making out with his stretched hole, a hand stroking his dick, the other caressing the garter.
Castiel is slumped on his chest, breathing loudly, a satisfied smile on his face. He pets his boy’s hair gently.
“No problem. Sam’s friends are my friends.”
Lilith doesn’t seem offended. She’s used to people noticing her after all.
“We can find you something to do I guess. I’ll ask if someone needs help.”
“Ok, grandpa. ”
“Have got something interesting in there ? Weird dildos ? Handcuffs ?”
Castiel is standing in front a heavy door, waiting for someone to answer his ringing. He’s lucky to have friends like Sam, who didn’t hesitate to ask his brother to host Castiel for a night. He had no idea where to go.
The blond is still looking at him without any recognition.
“Wow, I can’t believe it’s for real ! Who’s going first ?” He doesn’t recognize the voice.
“Sorry. I lied to you. It happens a lot, people mistaking me for Lucifer. And it’s not always this nice. Usually, people try to punch me in the face.”
She blinks.
Kelly/Lilith
He slams into Lucifer, knot locking into him, shooting his load in his guts. Lucifer moans, clenching in it.
“I wish I had a gag. Give me your ass.”
“Come back here, I’m cold.”
Kelly/Meg
anymore with her, or at least, it doesn’t sound that bad anymore.
He can feel wetness between his lips. He always got very wet when he was aroused and it never changed despite the testosterone running through his veins.
Lucifer moans louder, turned on by Sam pinning him down on the bed. He loves it when his lover manhandles him. In real life, he’s always in control, scared of people finding his weaknesses. He would never let someone push him around or make him feel helpless, but with Sam, he revels in it.
“Come on pup, take what you need.”
Top!Sam/Bottom!Lucifer
“Come on, please !”
Hot Tall Guy opens his mouth in surprise, blinking. Then he seems to seriously think, tucking a strand of hair behind his hair.
“Sam.”
Fuck. They do. They both like cute women who know how to take charge.
When the doctor came into the room, the man was awake. He was sitting with a very straight back, hands flat on the sheets.
“Fuck ! Lucifer, please, please, it’s too much..”
“You like it that much?”
9/Limp dick
He’s calm, drinking and crossing his legs, lying back on the couch to look at Sam. He remembers him being handsy, impatient and bossy. But he also likes him like this. He grew up after all. People change.
“And I tell you he …” Theo made a digging gesture with his hands, then brought them in the air, along with a whistling noise. “popped from down there !”
Dean shakes his head, and he has to wait a few seconds to talk, because the bite he took is too big.
“He also liked to say that you and he had the same taste.” She stops, facing Meg, her head tilted in an unasked question.
“Let me put my mouth on you.”
She’s pulled up, surprisingly easily given Kelly’s thin frame, and her mouth is assaulted while a hand sneaks in her pants.
He stops. Charlie asks him what’s wrong but he can’t hear her, too shocked by the person walking towards the fighting siblings. It’s Lucifer. How lucky is that ? He even managed to make them call down. He didn’t hear what he said but they begrudgingly apologize and leave.
He offers a hand and Castiel shakes it. His hand is warm and a bit rough. That little contact is already making his heart beat faster. He tries to appear calm and composed.
“Good boy.”
“It really doesn’t bother you, hmm ?”
Kelly/Meg
He cums with a curse, pulsing inside Dean. He takes his breath, forehead on Dean’s shoulder before kissing him gently.
“I don’t trust him. ” Theo mumbled. “It’s too weird.”
He kisses him, licking Lucifer’s lips before plunging into his mouth and sucking on his tongue. Lucifer moans, rubbing himself harder on Sam.
“Those are prescriptions – oh don’t bother reading those, I have a really bad writing I’m afraid – and those are anatomy, plant books.”
“First, I’m going to suck that pretty cock of yours, then when you’re wet and good, I’ll sit on it and I’ll ride you until you beg me to let you come. ”
“So romantic Sam. Is that how you talked to Jess ? No wonder she left you for Brady.”
“You’re a pretty man, Lucifer. It’s a waste that you don’t use it.” She opens her shirt, button after button, and strokes his chest. She hums in appreciations. “I always wanted to have you like that, at my mercy. You never looked at me that way of course. You don’t understand human desire. Sex is nothing to you, just a dirty need for us mud monkeys.”
Dean turns his face away, fists clenched. His heart is beating fast and he has a hard time keeping his breathing under control.
“Come on, cum on my knot.”
“Oh yeah. He likes you a lot you know. He never forgot. I’m sorry he left you, it wasn’t his decision.”
Sam sits on the bed, Lucifer in his lap. He fumbles with his pants, managing to pull his cock out. Lucifer hums in approval and grinds against him, then removes his top.
Sam/Lucifer/Nick
“My name is Castiel.” They shook hands. The priest had a steady flow of energy. Castiel could see he had a hard childhood, having lost his mother young. There were also very lewd thoughts in there, but nothing that could alarm him. Father Milton seemed to be a good man, sincerely worried about his parishioners.
“Say it again.”
He met Lilith five months ago, in a bar for Azazel’s birthday. He had managed to offend three guys -was it his face ? It happened often – and had gotten into a fight. When he came back to his table, lip busted and a round of bruises, a scary blond woman had sat next to him and handed him a beer. He had taken it, raising his glass to thank her, a bit suspicious. She had waited until he drank half of it to talk.
“In a protest.”
The blond is still looking at him without any recognition.
Well fuck. There’s no way he can tell the truth when Dean calls back.
“I wanna put my mouth on you.” She breathes out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please, please, my Lord, may I ride you ?”
Meeting Sam was a breakthrough in his life. They had clashed at first, Lucifer usually lashing out at everyone, especially alphas. But Sam had managed to get past his defense and had allowed him to show his real needs. With him, he can act soft, delicate and even submissive. The memory of being mocked for being un-alpha-like is still burning hot, but Sam makes it better.
Sam twists his wrists and Lucifer moans. He rolls his hips to fuck back on the gun, his cock rubbing on Sam’s thighs.
Lucifer is a lot to handle. He takes, he pushes and Sam lets him. Gladly.
Hundred of years spent in Heaven, hiding his hears ignoring his needs and being told that sex was beneath angels. What a load of bullshit.
They share a long look while she pulls down the panties until Kelly can step one foot out of it to spread her legs. Meg settles her hand on Kelly’s hips, pinning the dress there and goes back to work.
Lucifer/lots of demons
“Weak. Almost human I guess.” He says slowly, a hand on his chest.
She gives a last suck and then she slides a leg under his, kissing him. She lowers her pussy on his and begins a slow grind.
She does and he shouts out, pressing the back of his head in the pillows. Her free hand settles on his stomach, grounding him while she sucks him in short occurrences.
“My loose, sloppy slut.” Says Castiel with fondness, his low voice rumbling in his chest. “Only happy when he’s filled with cum. Should I find someone else to fuck you ? Alistair does look at you a lot you know.”
7/Cheating
“No, just…” He pants. “Don’t stop.”
“What would you like to do ? I could use some help, if you’re interested in healing people. Can you read, by any chance?”
“Oh.” He’s smiling now. He’s a bit different that in his memories. Softer. “In that case, care to help me remember ? I live nearby.”
Being an angel, Castiel didn’t need to eat. He didn’t particularly like it either, unlike Gabriel, who couldn’t stop gushing about his latest culinary discoveries. He had never understood why the archangel liked so much being in a human body. He mingled with humans easily, so much that Heaven had a few scares of having some nephilims running around and he often went to Earth with Balthazar. He politely accepted the plate and they ate in silence. Castiel thought humans were fascinating, but he liked better to look at them from afar. Encounters with them were mostly awkward. But he had good hope this time. He was going to get used to it.
He pulls an omega to him until she’s riding his face and he gorges on her slick, rubbing his lips on her swollen clit.
“Not yet, sweety.”
“I don’t mind. You can stay. ”
She does it again of course. Her little clit is spasming every time, and it’s so cute she wants to do that all day long.
It’s the first time they talk without any animosity. They share a genuine smile and link their fingers. Maybe they’re gonna stop arguing. And maybe they’ll fuck in Gabriel’s bed because the little fucker deserves it.
. It’s hard to resist it.
“He’s thick, right ? You like it?” Lucifer asks to his twin, stroking his hair.
He has a small laugh.
Since then, she had showed him how to mix pain and pleasure, making his body sing.
“Fuck Nick. I want him to try that amazing dick of yours.”
“That was good. Thanks.”
So no one can blame him if he concocted a plan. Rowena sure didn’t mind, throwing him a knowing look and doing her best to put innuendos in all her sentences. She could have cooked an egg on his cheeks.
So that’s why her heart is beating faster when she sees Lilith approaching, browsing through the shelves. She’s nervous, because… There must be a reason. Maybe she’s afraid of being picked on ? But Lilith has never been known for bullying other girls. Maybe she’s afraid for her, because her skirt is so short that her ass is nearly showing and her breasts look so enticing that … That what ?
He’s a bit impatient. He would have liked to draw it out more but he can’t wait. He pulls Lucifer’s pants down and nuzzles his hardening cock. Satisifed by the sharp intake of breath above him, he licks a wet stripe on the head before wetting it entirely.
Since then, he hasn’t stopped. A wandering hand when Lucifer was brushing his teeth, a heated kiss before taking the wheel, a squeeze to his crotch when they got to Dean’s… He can’t think of anything else. Which is good, because Dean is little shit who still hates him and thinks he’s going to somehow be a bad influence on his baby brother, but also bad, because he’s distracted and he doesn’t want to embarrass himself in front of Mr Bi-disaster. Who still hasn’t gotten his head out of his ass and realized he’s in love with Castiel, his co-worker. It’s annoying, pathetic and infuriating, and Lucifer has other things to do than put up with Mr Daddy-issues (yes he has a lot of nicknames for Dean. No he’s not gonna admit that one also applies to him.)
“You were, right ? My boy deserves a reward.”
He doesn’t say anything else. He steps inside, spreads a hand on Sam’s chest before grabbing his shirt and pushing him against the door he just closed. His mouth is hot, bold lips and clever tongue making Sam’s head spin. His knees are weak and he holds onto Lucifer’s shoulders not to slide against the door. The blond bites his lip and Sam moans, his hips bucking on their own accord. Lucifer chuckles in his mouth and his hands slide on Sam’s hips before he presses himself against him.
Sam is sitting leg crossed in the couch and puts aside his book when he sees him coming in.
She never heard of a boyfriend of Lilith. Guys have
They kiss and Castiel’s hands goes to the panties, grabbing Dean’s ass through them. He’s hard now, his erection too big for the small underwear. He pulls them to the side and strokes him, thumb swiping over the head until it’s wet with pre-cum.
He’s alive and solid in his arms, and it still surprises him. He has still has difficulty to let him go, as if the angel were gonna disappear if he looked away.
”You work in a bar ?”
“Please
“I would love to help.”
“I can.” His voice was deep and rough, as if he wasn’t used to talking.
on her clit.
She opens his pants, pulling it down as much as she can, then does the same to his underwear. She takes his limp penis in her hand, petting the soft flesh.
He has different lubes, according to what he’s feeling like. The only things is he can’t bring himself to buy proper sex toys. He could -maybe he should – but there’s something about taking a random object and stick it inside him. He doesn’t take any risk, he doesn’t want to end up in the ER of course. But he doesn’t choose his deodorants according to their sole scent anymore. He buys small cans of paint, even though he’s no artist. And yes, he buys cucumbers a bit more often than usual.
Fuck. Why is her smile so blinding ?
“Did I order you around and bit your neck ?”
“I know. I wondered if you had noticed me.”
“I have three brothers and sisters, four half-brothers from my father, three from my mother and many many cousins. Christmas is wild.”
“And you deserve nice things, right ?” Dean looks down, so he insists. “Say it.”
“Wanna make the bed bang on his wall ?”
Father Milton looked at the man lying on the table. The doctor was checking his breathing, shaking his head in confusion. The man was pale, with short dark hair. He was dressed in a worn-out coat, with a simple shirt and pants, also well worn. There was no mark on his body that could have indicated anything, being his identity or an eventual wound.
He’s been at it all day and there’s nothing he can do about it. It’s already a hardship to visit Sam’s brother but he usually doesn’t have a fucking hard-on that he can barely hide. Sam had woken him up in the most delicious way, grinding against him, while holding him in a tight and warm embrace. Then he had kissed him on the nose and told him to hurry up because they were late.
deepthroat, erotic strangulation
Sam laughs and kisses him dirty, so much that Lucifer is debating sucking him off in the kitchen. He goes for his neck and Lucifer swears, shivering.
She doesn’t know when she got so close. She’s pressing Kelly against the table and her lips are inches away from her face – it’s a purple shade today.
“I’d love to.”
He pushes Sam away and hops on the table before pulling him back, tangling his fingers in his hair and kissing him again. He traps him between his legs and rips Sam’s shirt open, the buttons flying everywhere. He has always wanted to do that.
Sam warned him about his brother, telling him that he could be rude sometimes and not to take offense. There’s something raw about him, but he gave a warm welcome to Castiel and he’s friendly without being intrusive. He’s very different from his brother, but both of them are easy to be around.
“What is the cause of your agitation ? Who’s that ? ”
“You need a big, strong alpha to fuck you silly. You like not being able to move, hmm ? You like being under me, getting your wet hole pounded.”
“Make me cum.” Lucifer says over his shoulder, getting on his knees to offer his ass.
“Well, you know, her loss. I thought you would be way more boring in bed. Not gonna talk too quickly but, yeah, not bad.”
“You get off on pain.” She has said. He had choked on the beer.
“Forget them, angel. I’ve got you.”
Sam takes pity on him. When Lucifer had went to Sam’s home and had seen the guns, all his puns about getting Sam’s winchester took another meaning. He had nagged his boyfriend until he promised to bring him one.
She offers her hand and the beautiful woman takes it. She wants to keep touching her.
It had turned out that Lucifer never had sex. Had barely watched how it worked. “It didn’t seem interesting, and I didn’t think I would need it one day.” He had said, shrugging.
He maps her body with his hands, slowly, like he does every day since she got back. Eileen lets him, a little smile on her face, watching his face and taking in every small movement of his. They don’t talk. They sign sometimes. They mostly soak in each other’s presence because they lost each other twice and the memories are painful.
He likes her. Even if he huffs and pretends not to. The first time they kissed, he felt shaken. It was good. She felt safe. He rarely felt safe. She pushed past his walls and even if it doesn’t come naturally to him, he opens up to her, slowly.
“Stop teasing me !”
“Fuck me please !” He begs.
Dean presses a kiss on his temple and then he’s gone from the bed. It’s been some time since they discussed this fantasy of his. He doesn’t even know where Dean found the men, but he trusts him to make sure everything goes right.
“So needy. I’m gonna keep you knocked up all the time if it gets you like that.”
He doesn’t stop. He goes as far as he can and bobs his head up and down the length, hands on the squirming hips. He’s delighted to hear Lucifer falling apart.
“Hmm, you’re gonna be good, I can tell. I’ll have to cock-train you a bit, but you’re a fast learner, I can see that.”
“Yes. Oh, deeper, please. “
Dean nods, kissing him on the nose, chucking when he sees the clock on the nightstand. It’s barely 10pm.
Since then, she had showed him how to mix pain and pleasure, making his body sing.
“Sam…”
6/a/b/o dynamic
It’s already a hardship to visit Sam’s brother but he usually doesn’t have a fucking hard-on that he can barely hide.
Sam kisses him, slow and intimate.
Sam is speechless. He’s happy to have found him. But he also really confused by the twin, Nick, who kissed him a minute ago and who’s currently watching them with a little smile.
He’s alive and solid in his arms, and it still surprises him. He has still has difficulty to let him go, as if the angel were gonna disappear if he looked away.
Sam/Lucifer
“Your bitch. He said to thank you for lending me to him.”
Kelly/Meg
Sam/Lucifer/Nick
Lucifer/Kelly
“And one !” A marker is tossed on the bed.
Sam moans and stammers as Lucifer rolls his hips, rubbing their erections together.
Kelly/Lilith
Castiel’s eyes are full of tenderness and encouragement, but Dean still feels like he’s gonna bolt out of here any second. They talked a lot about this and he is getting past his barriers, but standing before Castiel in nothing but a pair of pink lacy panties is hard.
But the artefact combined with the spell she gave him are worth it. Lucifer won’t see it coming.
Dirty talk, alpha/alpha relationship, omega roleplay, knotting
Castiel often indulges him. He places Dean’s legs around his hips and slides inside him. Two hands come to frame the angel’s face. It feels like hour before he bottoms out and presses his chest to Dean’s. The human wraps his legs around him.
Incest (consensual between adults)
I'm thinking of Bad Dragon also, but I mostly thought of this fic because of a french brand I found, which does beautiful sex toys with those themes. You have unicorn corns, tentacles and huh a sort of plant-like one. The designs are beautiful, with different firmness, size and pretty packaging.
“Do you want me to stop ?” Her tone is a tad mocking. They do have a safeword but at this moment, they both know he doesn’t want that. He shakes his head. “Then be good.”
Top!Lucifer/Bottom!Sam
“Uh uh uh, harder !”
They sneak in the bushes, giggling like they’re teenagers at a sleepover. The spot is perfect, hidden from view and as comfortable as a garden corner can be. Which is rather comfortable actually, with the grass underneath and the brick wall for convenience.
‘Cas,’ Dean put the tape on the bedside table. ‘You know that I've made poor choices for dumbass reasons too. But our lives are never gonna be safe; this isn't a movie, there's no right time, there's right now and deal with whatever crap comes along.’
‘Yeah, if you want to... The duffel on the table,' -Dean pointed into the room- 'There should be an extra pair of shorts in there.’ He offered Cas a smile and the angel widened his eyes.
‘Dean, you ready?’ Sam asked, popping his head around the door as Dean stood up.
Cas had replied.
‘Amara.’ Rowena confirmed.
The angel turned to face him, he looked a little broken but unharmed, his blue eyes wet and his mouth closed. He stood up to greet them, cracking a smile. ‘Sam, Eileen...’
Sam walked into the kitchen the next morning to find Dean slumped over the table, four empty bottles of beer knocking around his head. He sighed, signing to Eileen to meet him in the library; that he’d get the coffee. He didn’t want her to have to deal with his brother right now, she’d already been through enough.
Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder, the hunter lowering his gaze to where sparks of their first touch still burnt like embers. Cas felt it, sharing a look with him as they breathed in sync; tied through bonds that just would not break.
‘You okay? Feeling weird yet?’
‘This probably won’t make sense… but try to listen to what he’s not saying.’ Sam said, the only piece of advice he could offer.
Te amo.
‘Okay, I don’t know how to say this so I’m – I’m just going to say it…’
The angel furrowed his brow. ‘What way did you hear it?’
Surprised to hear the response from his brother, Dean viewed him with knowing reluctance; they'd been down this road before. The pressure in his temples eased as he returned to Cas. ‘Nothing?’
Halfway into that first beer, after they've toasted to a job well done, Dean was going to give him the tape to say thanks. To say,
‘Okay.’ Eileen smiled at him, dropping his hand.
The murmur of his brother’s voice travelled with fragmented syllables, but Sam broke into a smile. He didn’t want to eavesdrop, especially when it was clear that things between them were tenuous. He turned around ready to leave, until the unmistakeable sound hit him hard.
‘We can find something else to be the bomb-’ Cas said fiercely.
‘I remember that… I was Queen.’ Charlie smiled and for the first time in a long while Dean felt warmness in his body, followed by a crushing blow.
Sam nodded as Eileen spoke and signed, looking as she gave Jack an open-hearted smile. He knew there was at least 3 more packs in the fridge but then again, that didn’t always mean anything. He travelled back to the angel across from him, feeling no other option. ‘Cas, can I talk to you?’
‘Cas?’
Cas turned around with one eyebrow raised. ‘You want me to take off my coat?’
Dean answered the question with a rumble from his throat, fluttering his eyes closed as Cas turned his head and stroked up his wrist. ‘Son of a-’
‘You don’t know that-’
‘Dean, what’s wrong?’
‘We LARP’ed together, right?’ Charlie asked, burying her eyes into them whilst pushing her hair out of her face.
‘That was Sam…He’s on his way back, sounds like he needs some help after all.’
‘Do you even know what love is?’ He asked through gritted teeth.
Sam left the library with Eileen, Castiel had already been over the details he had with them and it was late, he was feeling beat. They'd reached Sam's bedroom when he felt in his pockets, realising that his phone was left on the table. He touched Eileen's shoulder, telling her vocally and with sign language, 'I’ve left my phone. I’ll be there in a minute.’
Castiel looked at Dean asleep next to him, after two back-to-back movies he'd fallen further into the bed. His head pressing against the angel’s arm felt mildly uncomfortable but Cas wouldn’t move. Regarding him in his entirety, this man who had saved the world more times than any other human, losing so much of his own life to prioritise others, Cas shook his head in sorrow. Sometimes it'd been hard for him to understand why Dean fought for the world or how he’d kept grinding, supporting his brother wholly and completely no matter what problem lay ahead. Then he’d realised, that was exactly why he loved him. The screen of the laptop was black and Cas caught the faint reflection of them both together. For a brief moment, he closed his eyes and wanted to rest his head against Dean’s, but he wasn’t going to be so invasive. He leant against the headboard instead when he heard Dean grunting.
‘Yeah, but normally you give them to, you know, people you’re dating or whatever.’
Tightening his fingers around the angel's hand, Dean was sure he could feel the drum of Cas's heart but maybe that was his own. He became acutely aware of how close he’d shifted, his legs consuming Cas between them. Forgetting he could move his feet to get out of his own trap, he kept beating and hoping Cas couldn't feel the shiver climbing out of his body.
‘I told you that night, I know that what I want isn’t something I can have. I know that. I didn’t want you to think I expected anything from you, I don’t. That’s not why I told you those things. I knew you could save the world and I wanted you to see yourself fully in order to do just that.’
The night before Dean goes to Amara in 11x23 (Alpha and Omega).
Cas entered the kitchen with the flick of a light switch. The room sprang to life, empty beer bottles cascaded around the sink like torpedoes and there was a faint smell of bacon from the grill. Dean had been in here, probably not too long ago.
Dean looked at him inquisitively. ‘In the rain?’ He tried to run through reasons why Cas might do this but drew blanks.
Dean got halfway down the corridor when he stopped. A mixture of sadness and guilt turned his stomach. The thought of leaving Castiel alone with all that was between them floating in the same air he was breathing; Dean didn’t like it. Cas meant too much to him, of course he did. He walked back into the library, holding his breath as Cas looked towards him with the shards of a broken heart. Seeing him like that, so
First kisses can be troubling.
It was around 3am when Castiel swept into the bunker and walked towards the
Dean gave him a sidelong glance as he sat down, scanning the angel’s body then checking his phone for messages. Mary had said her apologies before taking off but he expected
‘Really?’
‘Hello boys.’
I really hope you like it, thank you so much for reading/commenting!
Shaky with nerves, Dean attempted to interlace their hands, coaxing Cas’s fingers into his. The angel relaxed in his grip and melted into his hand. Keeping their eyes holding each other as his voice cracked with anticipation.
‘You had most of the ingredients, which was helpful.’ Cas said, ignoring the question.
‘This was all I wanted for you both...’
‘Wait, what? At 2am?’
‘Dean, no…’ He looked at Dean in plea, his blue eyes dimmed and drooped with lethargy as the shuddering became a slow wave through his body. 'I don't want t-to be alone.'
Dean looked at Cas, electricity short-circuiting his nerves as he absorbed the words again. Being slow to process didn’t feel like an adequate excuse anymore. He opened his mouth but all that came out was excess oxygen; he smiled at the angel instead. ‘Cas-’ Dean cleared his throat. All cognition had stopped.
‘I don’t need sleep,’ the angel responded with a weary bite.
After purgatory and getting Cas home, Dean started sharing music with him. He knew the tunes to play in Baby when it was the two of them, and which aroused a reaction. Tapping his hand along the steering wheel, the air thick with reverberation between them and a warm inviting shimmer across the angel’s face which Dean was happy to hold.
‘Rowena?’ Sam asked the witch stood in front of them. Her hair glowing red and perfectly coiffed.
Dean and Castiel are confused, so they watch a movie.
The water shifted under him, the heat stinging his body as he crossed his legs. Knees pressing into the ceramic as he thought,
‘This feels… strange.’ Cas said, sitting next to him.
It wasn’t the first time that Dean had felt the same yearning in Cas that he’d denied himself time and time again, but something was different this time. The echo of
‘Cosmic joke?’
‘Cas? Cas?! Where the hell are you?’
‘I’ve got the pie.’ Castiel walked in firmly, carrying a bag and placing it in front of his brother. Dean immediately softened, closing off Sam’s words and rummaging through to take out a large, round, apple pie. With cheeks reminiscent of a chipmunk, he grinned at Cas.
‘Why didn’t you just say that?’
‘He’s in his room.’ Cas stood up. Looking at Dean with narrow eyes, he blinked at him with frustration. ‘What were you thinking? Have you forgotten everything we’ve been through for the sake of saving this world, what Jack is doing…?’
He blinked in succession at Castiel, sleeves rolled up and forearms lost in a cream, ceramic mixing bowl.
Dean raised his eyebrows in quiet agreement then answered. ‘Heya Sammy,’ –he paused– ‘no, we’re good…’
The angel viewed the laptop screen. Dean side-eyed him, wondering what was going on in Heaven now to make him crash in during the middle of the night. Whatever it was, he seemed calm. There was no urgency in his steps, no ruffles in his feathers.
He closed his eyes as Dean kissed him. These were always Cas’ favourites; ones where Dean was sleepy, his body waking up with each touch of their lips. He grew deeper into it until they were breathing each other in, softly aching to be together.
A gentle tension fell across Dean’s mouth as he shook his head. ‘Dude, can we just be happy that he’s here for like five minutes?’
‘I get that, but all I’m saying is there’s a stack of empty bottles in your bedroom that he hasn’t seen. Look, I can’t push you. Nobody can. But if there’s a chance you love him too, doesn’t he deserve to know? After everything?’
‘It feels pleasurable.’ Cas’s voice was breaking, popping a lump into Dean’s throat that he pushed down. ‘I’ve never experienced this before, it’s truly…very soothing.’
A run-of-the-mill case had been a nice change of pace for he and Sam. It’d been a rough couple of weeks; their Mom alive and wanting to spend time alone; Cas almost dying; Lucifer back and creating a Nephilim, which Dean just knew was going to bite them on the ass. So, when half-eaten bodies started popping up at a hospital 90 miles from the bunker, Dean had jumped on it. Firing down the highway until they reached the only place to stay in the small, unsettling town: a beaten-up motel that obviously harboured dreams of being more. It had one redeeming feature, a small patio with a hot tub.
Dean scoffed, taking another drink.
‘Why are you so certain? It’s Jack, we raised him-’
'Dean...' He choked as Dean moved away to rest against the pillows.
‘We’re going to give you guys some privacy. Please, talk and listen to each other,’ Sam said. He held out his hand for Eileen and they headed back towards the kitchen. Sam turning around one last time. ‘It’s really good to have you back, Cas.’
‘What are we watching?’ Cas asked, his voice subdued as Dean enthusiastically set a bowl of popcorn and four beers on the bedside table.
‘Relax. I'm helping, alright?’
They kept a small gap between their bodies, the tension still too thick to move through. ‘Mostly songs we’ve shared, or ones that made me think of you…’ He paused, letting the rush of vulnerability leave his body. ‘...Some I know you like despite the fact you say otherwise.’
‘Cas…’
‘What happens now?’
‘Okay, well, how’s it feel if it’s not feeling weird?’ He smoothed his palms softly onto Cas’s shoulder blades and made his way lower. Copying more movements that the angel had given. He trailed all the way down and stroked out to the sides. Dean raised his eyebrows at how firm the muscle above the hips were before his fingers reached a waistband.
Cas sank into him, noticing for the first time as his cock disappeared. Gone. Nothing but Dean clamped around him like he was never going to let go. They spluttered each other's name, a few curses, and a collection of noises into the impala; making desperate and needy moves. He could feel Dean's muscles tensing under his own as he chased the heat, screaming for release.
He paused, the encouragement was good to hear but Cas wanted something else. Giving Dean a moment to miss the heat from his lips, he sat back and curved his hand over his balls, listening to Dean's shallow clutches for air. The longing for the hunter was almost unbearable as Cas saw pre-come pearl onto his stomach and Dean lifted his head to look at him with glassy, lustblown eyes.
‘No. No, that’s the opposite of what I want, Cas.’ Dean moved his observations to the floor before sighing. ‘I’ve missed you, man.’
And he was enjoying spending time with Dean like this, naked and their heat sticking to him like a film he couldn't peel off. He knew that the respective burdens they carried were dropped onto the ground as soon as skin met skin.
He felt the drag of Dean's eyes as the hunter entered his space.
A blush flew across the angel’s face and Dean followed Cas’s gaze into the night sky with arched eyebrows.
as the angel's hand hovered against him. ‘What the hell?!’
Dean swallowed, his jaw tight as leather. He blinked additional times before he could ask what he wanted to.
‘You’re- what? Do you not want this?’
‘What are you doing here Rowena?’ Dean asked.
'Yeah, of course,' Dean's heart thumped harder, talking into the blackness of the room. ‘...But tonight, tomorrow, whatever; just don’t get dead or hurt,’ he continued in a low voice.
'Wha-?'
‘C’mon, Cas.' He pleaded. 'Move.'
The room was in darkness when Dean shot up in bed, Castiel hearing him breathe heavily for a few moments before slowing down.
Two weeks after 12x12 (Stuck in the Middle With You).
He had no plan for his feet as they carried him along the bunker’s hard corridors but he stopped at the kitchen. Darkness licked the room and Cas tilted his head, catching a radio sat on the counter with a collection of tapes nestled to it.
‘Dean...’ Cas's voice cracked with silent desire.
‘Yes, the quicker we find him, the better. The last thing we need is him out in the world with no idea where or what he's doing.'
Finding Charlie’s body was one of his worst nightmares, a scar that never faded and he’d been forced to accept her brutal demise into his life. One of many in that job. ‘I’m sorry kiddo, you didn’t deserve that.’ He whispered.
‘Huh? Where?’
‘But then: boom! Wings! An angel again. They carry on as before,’ he takes another drink, then rubs the corner of his mouth. ‘The hunter tells himself,
They paused, reaching the map table as Dean dropped his bag onto it and looked at him with intent. Cas too weak to hold his own and Dean, refusing to accept any stubborn quirks from him.
Castiel wasn’t sure what was happening or why Dean kept his hand resting on his neck following their hug. It was unusual, they never kept contact for this long. The angel squeezed his eyes together in curiosity, trying to work out the problem. An unfamiliar expression spread across Dean’s face; his breathing shallow, his tongue darted out and wetted his lips whilst his green eyes held Cas’s tightly. The tension felt different too but Cas didn’t know in what way. Then it happened, Castiel closed his eyes the second that Dean pulled him close and took his bottom lip between his own, pressing into the angel’s mouth with a firm and tender kiss. Cas returned the affection like it was the most natural thing in the world until Dean hurriedly pulled away. It was over, the hunter's eyes flickering back and forth processing what had occured.
‘Dean, I heard you, yes. But I knew it didn’t mean anything’
‘Awesome, get the pie too.’ Dean tapped his hand on Cas’ shoulder and left the angel troubling over his lip.
‘Fine,’ Cas replied with heavy footsteps, stopping at his side and deciding it wasn't worth sharing that it'd been a trap. ‘But nothing new on The Darkness.’
‘Cas, you never told me what happened that night. How did you summon the Empty? I thought you said it would only come when you were truly happy?’
Cas seemed to enjoy spending time with him this way, going for drives and beer runs; Dean had decided that angels didn't feel human love, but he knew Cas cared.
‘Something strange has happened, I don't know how... Look, I know it’s been a rough few weeks for ya, but it’s just, well, I think you’ll have to see it for yourself.’
‘Time for what?! For Amara to hurt everyone I care about? For her to destroy the whole world? Take me with her as some cosmic partner-in-death?! No, not on my watch.’
‘Cas, please,’ Dean's eyes scrunched together as he grunted into the leather, releasing them with a choked cry as the first wave of come ran down Cas' fingers.
‘You’re angry?’ Cas asked, moving away.
, and he saw Dean looking at him, waiting. He walked towards the bed, pulling a tape out of his trenchcoat with a sigh as he sat down and held it to Dean.
said you’d never leave him in there.’
‘People out there, they still need you.’
‘Dean, thank you for last night. I didn’t expect those side-effects, it was extremely unpleasant.’
The label read
‘Do you really believe-?’
‘I told Dean the truth. That, I love him.’
‘I don’t know, Dean, be happy for a bit? I mean, is that such a pipedream?’
‘In the Empty? That’s not him at peace Dean, you know that…’
.’ Cas moved it to the side as Dean walked towards him, his knuckles grazing the table.
The angel made a substantial sigh before begrudgingly replying, ‘I wanted to see how you were.’
‘Just be glad that Jack is in Heaven this week,’ Sam mumbled through the door. They heard him walk away, his loud feet echoing through the wall.
Cas pulled him closer. He wasn't sure what his future looked like, angel or human, but there was one thing he was certain of. He was going to hold Dean, watch those stupid movies as often as he wanted, wear his cowboy hats, and bone him just as he liked. That was love after all, and he’d learnt that from the pizza man.
‘I could get used to this,’ He mumbled to himself.
Tightening his face, Dean gripped the tape between his thumb and middle finger, checking it over. ‘This isn’t mine.’
Eyes resting shut again, Dean felt his sit bones push into the chair as he relaxed into what Cas was doing. Enjoying the pleasant and faint taste of comfort. ‘Gee thanks, Cas.’ He replied in a wispy voice. Stifling a groan of pleasure as Cas started long drives down. The last thing he wanted was to start making noises at the same freakin’ time as everything else going on right now, that would be all kinds of inappropriate.
When Dean stirred awake, an ache throughout his arm greeted him. Falling asleep on his stomach had its consequences. He groaned, opening his eyes to see a figure placing a glass of water next to him and sitting in the chair.
Dean felt his body drifting but he was sure he wasn't moving. He smiled in return, a warmness escaped him and he allowed his hand to comb through the angel's hair. Castiel’s eyes doubled in size and Dean could almost feel the shivers he’d just sent down his spine. Taking each other in, their breathing seemed to synchronise, chests rising and falling as one.
‘Sure as hell feels like it.’
‘-But I guess you could call it uncomfortable,’ Cas continued.
'What is it?'
‘You’ -Dean tracked a long breath into his lungs then raised his eyebrows- ‘you prepped the room? What’s next, candles and massage oils?’
‘Thank you, but I really don’t need…’
very nice,’ Cas said after a beat, letting his eyes shut.
‘Unless, you don’t want-’
'Not your porn, huh?' He asked, breath hitching.
‘Cas, don’t.' He felt the angel shiver as he laid a hand around his shoulder. 'No Kelly, no Mom, no…
Dean pressed play and Sam’s voice came over the speakers. Cas rolled his eyes as Dean angled his face into
The hunter gave him a frown of concern, ‘You okay?’
The voice inside Dean’s head was scathing. He was angry at himself as his fingers lingered on Castiel’s, silently pleading for the angel to link digits with him but he wasn’t tuned in to the signals. Dean knew that Cas would stay fixed there until he moved his hand away. He observed the angel again, his dark hair tousled and his lips full, for a second he wondered if this was real. Lost in the moment, he was caught off guard when Cas raised his eyes to meet his. Dean had never gotten over just how blue they were. He caught his breath. ‘I’m going to have some of that whiskey.’ He lifted his hand off Castiel’s and stood up next to him, taking a large drink before offering it to him.
The angel felt every syllable, locking his face tight as he tried to swallow the lump that had bounced up from his chest. He wanted to look at him but Dean finished the pattern of kisses down to his shoulder, then rested his head against Cas’. The quietness suffocating them both.
Using Sam and Jack’s moment to step next to Cas, Dean lowered his voice into a cracked whisper. ‘You didn’t tell us you’d gone.’ The angel didn’t answer, sending frenzied nerves climbing inside Dean's head. He tensed his arms, the silence fuelling him to face him directly.
Saying yes to Lucifer days later didn't even register as a bad idea. Cas couldn't open this Pandora's box until they were all safe, and letting the devil drive for a while gave them a way to win whilst he had time to think. But what did he know about love? He knew that he cared about Dean, that things always felt different with him. So, he sat in a version of the bunker's kitchen, locked inside his own head, with no way of talking to Dean about any of it.
‘You should be more careful, Dean. You are getting older,’ Cas reminded him with a poised voice. Both hands gently pulsing either side of his spine, crossing the bone with care.
‘Yeah,’ Dean smiled. ‘Is he…?’
‘Okay number one.’ Dean raised his index finger into the air between them. ‘It’s not as cut and dry as that, and number two.’ Another finger joined. ‘We talked.’
‘Amara? Isn’t she inside Jack?’ Sam asked, studying Rowena intently.
They couldn’t reach each other's eyes, but Dean’s breath hitched. He picked up the soap and rubbed it into his hands; creating a filthy noise that normally would’ve borne a bad joke, but instead he glided over Cas’ shoulders in silence. Vapour clung to them, wrapping both in clean sweat as Dean’s face grew flushed and Cas’ hair twisted with humidity.
The angel ignored him, narrowing his eyes, ‘Where’s Sam?’
The air grew thick with humidity and the windows fogged over as Cas picked up pace, feeling close to release. He pushed himself upright, strangling out Dean’s name as he tempted his orgasm.
3 days before Casifer
Dean shook his head, moving another step towards Castiel, his eyes flickering down to his mouth just once, then back up like someone had thrown the lighter in with the whole bucket of fuel.
and read it over.
He looked back at Cas who regarded him soothingly but didn’t reply, his lowering gaze satisfied Dean’s question.
, for once…’
Dean looked at his younger brother, a faint flush of worry in his cheeks before moving cautiously at the angel next to him. ‘Well, tell me.’
‘It’s not Dean,’ Cas interjected with a side of aggression. ‘It’s not… This is my fault, Sam. I’m the one ignoring his messages, not the other way around.’
‘Why didn’t he tell us?’ Sam shivered with frustration, his face metamorphosing into a puppy dog as he struggled to comprehend. ‘Well, deals can be broken Dean, we’ve both broken our fair share.’
‘Dean, you don’t need to say any of this. Those were my choices, you did everything you could. You always have.’
‘It’s fine.’
Dean entered the bunker first, the heavy door creaking and calming the taste of the night. ‘You’re staying tonight, no arguments.’
‘Can we get something to eat?’ Jack beamed into the room, walking with the confidence of a new God but the excitement of a son returning home.
choked him.
Cas moved to lay down, bringing the blanket up from the floor with him as he got under the duvet. Another new habit they had fallen into, Cas didn’t sleep but he liked to see Dean carry the release of tension as he drifted off.
‘Lay down.’ Dean said, his voice thick with sleep. He’d moved slightly but Cas wasn’t able to tell how conscious he was. ‘Cas. Lay down.’
He took a deep breath, the softness of Castiel’s face guiding his words.
‘It just came over me, Cas.’ He tapped the edge of the glass, resting his gaze on the lamp between them. ‘It-it just felt right. I know that sounds bad-’
‘Sorry. Is that whiskey? It’s like 7am…'
‘But before that, what with The Mark and Crowley; it ain’t been all peaches and cream’ -he dragged a long breath into his chest, puffing himself up-  ‘I can’t make all that go away... What I can do is remind you that this is your home too, y'know, if you want it to be.’
‘You don’t know?’
The tub squawked with warnings and admissions as Cas turned. Their first kiss since love confessions and deathbed traumas, he'd almost forgotten how easy it was to sink; sending electricity into his nerves as Dean deepened it. Their lips breaking away, but just barely as he let his forehead rest into Dean’s with a heavy breath, the shadows of heat tangling their hair together.
The familiar tone of Castiel’s voice made him jump and Dean choked on his rush of oxygen, splashing puddles over the side of the tub.
‘I love you, Dean.’
‘Everything's fine,' Jack smiled. 'I just wanted to say hi...I missed you both. I know that I didn’t come back when you wanted me to, Cas, he-’
'They are, I don't know why it's happening. I feel an overwhelming happiness and then...'
‘No-’
, Dean.’
Castiel narrowed his eyes and raised his head, ‘Dean...?’ A jumble of disbelief and uncertainty travelling over his face. ‘Why did you-?’
Whilst she dragged a finger over the label, he charged and forcibly removed life from her. The angel blade cutting through her stolen bones as she screamed into oblivion. Twisting it further with one eyebrow raised high, Cas pulled out and watched her body drop next to the tape on the ground. He secured it back into his pocket, where it lived, as her words dawned confusion across his face.
‘The angel says,’ Cas interrupts, turning his hand to entwine their fingers together, locked into his gaze whilst hidden in the sanctuary of their blanket. ‘That falling in love was worth the fall from heaven.’
Cas noticed, his jaw flexing but refusing to meet him. ‘I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t think I needed to.’
‘Is that a
‘Cas, you stupid-’ He spoke softly, words he’d already said a thousand times.
‘Look, we’ll get out of here, throw a movie on or something… Beers, blanket… We can forget this whole thing ever happened.’ He piled the hope high into his voice.
'Thanks, Cas.' Dean mumbled, putting his hand on top of the angel's.
. Finally, Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, feeling more confused than before. The only thing he knew was that he wanted to comfort him.
‘Strange? Strange how?’
Dean wanted to be happy with his family under one roof. Team Free Will 2.0 reunited and Chuck nowhere to be seen, but damn, he felt played.
‘I don’t know, Cas. I mean you’re here, you’re there. You disappear, you come back; you say we’re family then I don’t hear from you. What do you expect me to think?’
‘According to Mom, Wally thinks this thing might be a demon.' He rubbed a hand along his cheek.
‘What?! No… That’s just- no.’ Dean rambled, voice a pitch higher than usual. He saw Cas look up, his face slightly flush.
Sam nodded, inhaling deeply and accepting that he wasn’t going to get any clarity from the angel. ‘Me too,’ He replied.
‘Yeah, Cas. I do.’
‘Being sexually intimate?’
‘That’s correct-’
, what the hell was that? Dean couldn’t unpack it. Getting Cas back should’ve made things clearer, not pushed him more out of whack. He groaned, moving his head into his hands as he sank into a chair, feeling his eyes sting with tears. Did he really say
‘Dean-’ His voice broke, seeing Dean so torn apart ripped his heart open. The confession had meant to help him realise who he was, how he wasn’t the angry and destructive person he’d believed himself to be. But here he was, as jagged and rocky as mountains, pieces of himself tumbling down and splintering onto the floor. His green eyes red and puffy, wide but empty.
‘Cas,’ Dean pleaded, hard as hell against him.
Dean wasn’t ignoring him, not on purpose. Entirely lost in the sensation of touch along his upper body, he couldn’t remember the last time someone had really felt him, put their entire palm onto his body without a desire to hurt. Someone handling his mess of bones, organs, and broken flesh with fondness. Someone he trusted. He suddenly remembered Cas saying
Dean sat hunched over the laptop in the library of the bunker, feeling the
Dean studied them both, speechless, then turned to Sam with his eyebrows high.
‘Look, if you’ve realised you don’t feel the same way, that’s fine, but don’t take it out on him-’
Rowena raised her eyebrow at them. ‘Are you? I had a visit from one of your old acquaintances today. Someone you know pretty well indeed.’ She pointed towards Dean.
‘Resting. So, have you talked to him yet? About what happened?’
The angel tilted his head at him, a soft reminder of how different he’d become in these last 12 years. Dean enjoyed the familiarity of those quirks; he’d humanised in so many ways but he was still Castiel.
Resuming movement with a kiss, they entwined their fingers into the bed, trying to keep them locked together as frantic energy swept back into their bodies. The tape played to the end as Castiel’s eyes lit up and Dean watched for the first time as the angel’s knuckles turned white.
‘Okay…' -Dean made slow strokes up Cas’s arm with his palm- ‘okay, look, you’ll be fine. I'll grab some books, see if we can work out what's going on.’
The weight inside Dean was unbearable, knowing that Cas had chosen not to come home ate at his soul until it was a shell. ‘It was my fault.’ He finally said, barely audible.
, the angel had said. He darted his eyes away, finishing off the bottle of beer.
Cas shot a glare as he shrugged off the trenchcoat.
The car rocked with the doors closing as Dean got out and Cas instinctively followed, reaching him to see the push of a swallow down his throat and a controlled breath into his lungs. Cas looked around them, needing to make sure they were safe before touching the hunter’s shoulder. Dean had left the headlights on which was helpful, lighting a path deep into the trees.
‘Yeah, exactly.’ Dean pulled the bed cover to his chest and rolled a hand over his face. ‘Look, with Mom back and Lucifer out there, I think Sam has bigger worries than this. He’s probably just happy that we’re happy.’
he realised that it was probably the first time Cas had said those words to anyone.
‘I prayed to him, Sam. I thought he wasn't getting them down there, but if he’s not in the Empty then he's heard me and ignored every single one.’
‘Yeah. Donna, everything okay?’
Dean cupped the side of his face and kissed him, Cas gripped harder, both wanting completely as if they were woven into the fabric of each other’s skin. The touch of Dean's hand on his back was soft but the pressure firm as a roll of their hips escaped. And it felt right. Their cocks rubbed, encouraging a second, then a third slow thrust on their way to finding the sweet spot of friction. They hit it with the tip of a tongue between their lips and a moan from their throats.
Before he could ask anything else, Dean heard his phone ringing from inside the room. He took one last glance at Cas before pushing himself up and out of the tub. Collecting a towel en-route and rubbing excess water off himself, he grabbed the cell to see
‘It’s not a big deal, Cas.’
The floor felt light as he moved slow towards the library, his body heavy and fatigued; he thought about snuggling up to Eileen. He was really starting to get used to the scent of her on their pillows, enticing but comforting, he smiled to himself as he approached the entrance.
Dean slowed down, blinking at him with an open face. Vulnerability cutting through the haze, 'You sure?'
Cas opened his mouth as if he had a reply on his tongue, but instead he held his hand into a jet-stream, watching the water dance and divide around his wrist. ‘I’m sorry I’ve not been around, Dean.’ Cas finally said, turning to look at him. ‘After everything that happened with the lance and…’
Dean grabbed a blue and green flannel draped at the foot of the bed, swinging it across his shoulders and over the black tee he was wearing. He felt frustrated, what did Sam know about any of this? He had Eileen and was living out a honeymoon phase all over the bunker.
‘We have the choice to find a way, like we always do.’
Cas wanted so much with Dean, but more than anything he wanted the hunter to stop looking at him like
Dean wiped away the perspiration shining on his head and turned to Cas with glassy eyes, sleep still on his face. ‘I died.’
Cas watched him move onto his side and turn the light off, burying himself into the bed as Cas made soft circles over his abdomen and to his hips. Instinctively kissing the bottom of his neck.
Cas surrendered his strength and Dean tried to stay a respectful distance behind. Draped over him loosely and concentrating on moving the spoon around the bowl.
‘The rain is unfortunate; I’ll give you that, but no. Look, when Jack first came into being, the child of an angel and a human, remember the chaos? Heaven and Hell both wanted him; we thought he was dangerous, feared what might happen… But what’s he doing? He’s rebuilding Heaven, he helped defeat Chuck; he’s a miracle, Dean. Could we explain to anyone why? No. Could we define who he is? He’s God but-’
‘You're outside, Dean. Where would I knock?’ Cas replied.
Castiel pulled himself back, both hands now holding onto Dean’s neck; his thumb resting in the dimple of his stubbled cheek. Dean braced himself as he caught the heat in his eyes, the fireworks in his belly still exploding with thunder.
Castiel blinked at Sam with heavy eyes and smiled. ‘What did he tell you?’
‘But a few months ago he was chowing down on birthday cake-’
‘Nothing,’ Sam replied.
‘Dean, Lucifer is still out there, his offspring growing...’ Cas snapped the laptop lid shut and stood up, moving it onto the desk as Dean watched with his eyebrows high. ‘We have no idea where Kelly is, what this child is even going to be; you need to look after yourself-’
‘Cas,’ Dean searched for additional words, too lost in the blue of the eyes approaching him. Looking at Cas's lips and thinking how bad he wanted to kiss him, he was on fire as the angel stopped in front of him. Personal space gone, just as it always had. He cleared his throat. ‘If you thought you couldn’t have me, you could not have been more wrong. Grace or no grace, angel crap or no angel crap; I want to do this.’
‘Listening to the tape? I wanna know what crap Sammy snuck on here.’
‘I wanted to bake, Dean,’ he hissed.
‘No… I’d like that.’ He dipped his head low, flooding the acknowledgement.
'Cas...' Dean whimpered, putting space between them and dropping his hand into the water.
Dean felt himself shift backwards but didn't know why he'd done it, maybe the adrenaline or wanting the space for everything he needed to say. He edged himself towards the counter, gripping it for support as Cas watched.
Sliding blue eyes across the table, Cas swallowed his feelings.
. Pausing with a small smile, he added:
‘Your brother, he’s a complex person. I’m never quite sure what he means even when I can hear his prayers.’
‘Not being able to help you has always concerned me, Dean, but watching your face when it was me you couldn’t save….’ he trailed off, eyes darting to the floor. ‘It was too much. I thought if I could deal with Kelly and Lucifer that maybe something could change. I needed to put distance there, to protect you from- well, I don’t even know anymore, maybe it was actually to protect myself.’
Cas nodded, fever in his eyes. ‘Are you?’
Letting his feet carry him away from his brother, Dean walked out and left Sam staring blankly at him. Another apparition of Cas flashed ahead and he felt the agonising pain of it once more. He headed to his bedroom with those last words playing on repeat. They were so consistent in Dean’s memory that he was starting to feel numb to them; Castiel, his mouth shaky with tears and his face the softest Dean had ever seen it. The words,
‘She’ll be fine, Sammy.’
Dean uses his words with Castiel.
‘No.’ Cas leant forwards, his forearms pushing into his thighs. ‘You had Sam and I thought, after everything with Billie and Chuck, that you’d want to move on from our…friendship.’
‘Dean?’ Cas called after him but he was already out of the door.
‘Where? Sioux Falls? What's wrong?’
They shifted further into one another, Dean didn’t know if it was an angel thing or a Cas thing, but the touch elicited shocks and he threw his head back, ‘This is some jacked up crap, Cas…’
, before he realised Cas hadn’t spoken in a few moments. Sheepishly turning to the angel expecting judgement but Cas’s eyes were blown wide. Pupils pushing the blue almost off the whole map.
‘Are you alright?’ Cas asked.
Dropping his body to add tension, Cas worked his hands into the lower back. 'Nevermind,' He said, mouth close to Dean's ear.
is... has been it for me, for a while now.’
A shy smile fell on Cas’s face before he took a sip of his drink, 'It did feel right.’
Dean looked at his stomach covered in sticky, hardening come then tipped his mouth upside down, ‘Sure, you can help with that one as well.’ He smirked, Sam’s voice calling his name through the phone.
‘I’m not sure. Do you remember anything from before you were here?’ Sam asked the second Charlie.
‘Cas said he hadn’t been able to work out what that was.’ He cast a glance towards the table wondering if to stop there, leave it at that, but instead he pressed on. ‘He said it was something he wanted but couldn’t have. And I just stood there, barely following a word he was saying. Billie was banging on the door, I thought she was going to kill us, you know?’ Dean paused again, inhaling deeply and catching Sam as he raised an eyebrow, probably trying to work out where this was going. ‘He said a lot of this and that but what it came down to, what his happiness was… That he loved me.’ He swallowed hard, moving on rapidly. ‘The stuff he said man, nobody-. And I just-I stood there. I watched him say all these things and then just like that, watched the Empty take him.’
Hearing the orgasm rip out of Dean was the most beautiful sound he could imagine, enough to trigger his own and he shot upright as his hips bucked. His cock shooting inside him as he pumped another wave of come out of Dean; landing below his freckled collarbone. 'Oh God, Dean...' Drunk on the sensations, the image of it all below him, his body was attacked by shudders.
Sorry to keep you waiting even longer but we're nearly at the end. I couldn't finish without a couple of little TFW 2.0 moments.
Two weeks after 12x12 (Stuck in the Middle With You).
‘…Me too,’ The hunter mumbled, want replacing nerves. ‘Damnit, Cas. You have no idea.’
‘I’m not spending my last night arguing about this, okay. It’s done.’
'Cas!'
‘The same kind we always make.’ Dean drank some beer, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. ‘Remember back when Jack was dying? Cas told me that he offered his own life in exchange for Jack’s, that’s why we got the kid back.’
‘I know,’ Cas replied in a long breath.
‘I know.’ He replied, blinking slow as Dean felt that familiar yearn in his chest. ‘Do you want to try it before I bake it? In case it's not edible?’
‘He’s skipping out on this one.’ Dean removed the top from a beer only to get a warning hiss as bubbles burst over the neck. He collected them into his mouth then wiped his hand against his jeans. ‘Oh, almost forgot...’
‘You say you don’t feel the same. Are you sure?’
across their mouths.
‘Not much, what happened with the Empty and Billie. That’s pretty much it.’
Cas averted his eyes. Reluctant to admit it was Crowley for reasons he couldn't explain; maybe because of the first betrayal all those years ago or what happened when Dean became a demon. Whatever it was, he didn't want to put the extra worry of meeting the King of Hell to discuss Lucifer on Dean.
Cas felt slightly awkward but Dean brushed it off, his face cracking with laughter. ‘Sorry, Sammy!’
Sam waited, curiosity slipped through his mouth which he held firmly together.
His hands tensed white and he forced himself to relax whilst Castiel stood up, walking towards him carefully. Dean swallowed, the lump in his throat starting to ache.
With a huff, Dean looked away and tipped beer into his mouth.
‘You are aware that I don’t get cold?’
The reticence on his face was deafening and Dean viewed him in disbelief, his face cracking and softening with the realisation that he should’ve known. He opened his mouth to let out a small exhale.
‘This
Cas surveyed him, his eyes narrowing for a moment before recognition replaced the bewilderment. ‘Okay. If that’s what you want.’
‘Oh,’ Cas scrunched his eyes closed as Dean touched the tip of his cock.
Cas examined the mixture across his body then regarded Dean with a quietness. The heat radiating from his eyes was enough to compete with the oven, Dean could feel the embers as Cas offered him a smile.
With a smile, Cas nodded, ‘I’m in this.’
‘Chocolate chip cookies,’ Cas sighed, ‘but it’s going wrong.’
Castiel had told Sam and Dean the truth: he’d received word from someone in Heaven regarding information on The Darkness. He had and they needed to know what they were up against, so the decision to take off was easily made. What he hadn't expected was finding himself face to face with black eyes. Whether it was an intentional set up or by chance, she revelled in the fight with him.
‘Dean, you know how this works. Our enemies, they do whatever they can to hurt us. Do you honestly see a happy ending here?’ He wet his lips, grazing the floor with heavy eyes. ‘Because I don’t.’
‘Hey Dean, you okay?’
His face scrunched up causing his neck to tense into a dull ache.
‘You can’t be serious. We can’t leave him in there,
‘And that wouldn't be weird?’
Dean didn’t know which to moan for first. 'Son of a bitch,’ he panted as Cas fucked him and his cock at the same time.
Dean acknowledged her words, looking at Sam and hoping he had something useful to contribute.
‘I know,’ He searched the ceiling, the wall, before landing back on Dean.
Cas took it off him, ‘I can’t take your tape, Dean. I know what these mean to you.’
of Castiel and glancing over with weighty, raw eyes.
‘You’re a hunter who has literally saved this world repeatedly and I’m an angel that has failed Heaven again and again. We’ve already got targets on our backs without...’ He stopped, pulling his voice away.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘...I- I wanted to make sure you and your brother were safe.’
‘Fuck, Cas,’ Dean said into his ear, breath hitching.
Hesitantly, Dean felt inside the jacket and entwined his fingers around the corners of a cassette tape, pulling it out with fractured movements. ‘It’s just some tunes for when you’re driving.’
‘It’s Cas, who do you think I'm talking to?’
Dean rolled his hand over his face, watching Cas screw his eyes shut as another wave of trembles hit before he could locate a reply. He took an incensed breath and grabbed Cas’s shoulder. Pulling him close in defiance.
‘So, what happens now?’ Castiel asked quietly.
‘Dean, what are you-?’ Castiel pushed himself to stand tall.
Dean’s door was closed when Cas reached it but that was to be expected. He ran a hand down his face and drew a sigh, hesitating. Of course, Dean would be angry but until now the repercussions of the last two weeks hadn’t felt acute. He raised his fist to the wood and knocked twice, the second weaker than the first.
Then the dude in a trenchcoat had to go and drop the L bomb. Leaving Dean staring like a lovesick teenager at the mixtape he'd made in response. He pulled a hand down his jaw before taking a drink, the whiskey tasting sharper than normal as it landed on his nerves.
, taps over the slit. ‘I want us to be free.'
The angel looked at him with a puzzle across his brow as Dean felt himself smirk. For a second, he panicked. He’d been assuming Cas meant the full definition of the phrase
‘Dean…’ Cas interrupted quietly.
His stomach hurt but Dean pressed on, slamming the whiskey down onto the table to let his hand move with his words.
Dean nudged himself along the seat to create more space, catching sight of Castiel moving shirtless behind the glass door.
‘The hell are you talking about?’
‘I’m fine, Dean. This is only clothing.’ His unbothered tone unable to hide a dark shadow forming under his eyes.
Dean kept his eyes low, swallowing hard. They sat in silence for a few moments before he shrugged, returning his gaze to his brother.
‘It’s a blanket, Cas.’
Two weeks after 12x12 (Stuck in the Middle With You).
‘Yeah, of course.’ He replied instead, shrugging his shoulders to shake the contemplations away and sipping from his coffee. ‘How’s Eileen doing?’
‘I came when you asked me to.’
‘I’m not blaming you, Cas, I know Dean can be a bit of a dick-’
‘You saying you’re doing this
Without question Dean did.
Dean flew himself around, his eyes wide. ‘What?’
Investigating the ceramic, Dean gave a wicked smile, 'Hell yes.'
Cas worried over his lip for a moment, maybe sharing this hadn’t been the best idea. Perhaps leaving feelings locked in mixtapes, blankets, and hijacked touches was better, safer. His eyes wandered to stare at the steering wheel until Dean’s hand on his thigh brought him back.
‘I agree that he belongs here, Dean, but you saying that’s enough for you? I don’t buy it.’ He watched as Dean tapped his hand against the table, rolling his eyes to the side before giving him that look. The one he always fired off when he didn’t want to hear it, but Sam pressed on. ‘I’m here for you no matter what. I don’t care who you love or who you choose to be with, if that’s Cas then-’
Taking the opportunity for 5 minutes alone to box up his feelings, Dean bundled his jeans, black t-shirt and denim shirt into his arms and locked himself in the bathroom. Re-emerging to find Cas already out of the tub, dressed, and pulling his black jacket on.
The angel didn’t reply.
He breathed the angel’s name hoping to reassure him, before closing his eyes again and pressing their lips together. This time, Dean didn’t move away. He leaned into Cas, moving to cup his face softly. He felt Cas touch his waist with featherlight fingers, barely enough to register that they were even there but it sent shockwaves down his spine. Deepening the kiss, butterflies in his stomach freed themselves and floated out, rousing his body. The moment took him completely, and he felt himself respond to the angel in every way possible. Cas tightened his grip before releasing.
’, he didn’t. His cock slipped out as he pulled back too far.
Everything felt thick and sticky as he took a shallow breath and maintained their shared expression, his mouth parted. He was hot but goosebumps ran down his arms.
‘Are you injured?’ Cas asked, ignoring the question and turning to look at Dean with a tilted head, blue escaping his narrowed eyes.
‘Yeah… Come here, man.’ Wrapping his left arm around Cas, he drew him close to his chest and used his right hand to hold him at the base of his neck. The angel’s chin rested on his shoulder for a few seconds, hair pressing against Dean’s ear. A soft stirring occurred inside Dean, a reaction to their bodies touching softly and a small gasp escaped him. Feeling Castiel peel himself away, the hunter pulled back and they met, a gradual smile cracking the angel’s eyes. Dean meant to move away completely, that’s what he was telling himself to do but instead he was immovable, his hand still cupping Castiel's neck. The air was loose in his chest, fluidic and moving into his skin leaving goosebumps. It only took one swift movement to feel his lips against Cas's, Dean stopped the kiss as rapidly as he’d started it.
Dean looked at his brother, feeling as though his face had broken in two. ‘Cas…what happened with him.’ His voice was low and discreet. ‘His deal. The Empty would only take him when he was happy-’ Dean took a moment. He didn’t fear Sam’s judgement but putting Castiel's vulnerability out there, along with his own, didn’t sit right with him.
He turned to Cas, ‘Well-rested? Have you met me?’
'I need another drink.'
‘I know, but the pain was felt each and every time.’ The raw memory scraped down his tongue.
Cas narrowed his eyes between distressed hair and dusted cheeks. ‘What does it look like I’m doing, Dean?’
‘No, you’re not fine.’ Cas sighed and walked in front of him, scrunching his face in an epiphany. ‘What if I came with you?’
The hunter listened, watching him silently as Cas grew more animated.
He moved both hands down the side of Cas’s spine, swooping downwards with firm resolve. No wonder Cas couldn’t feel anything, he was rubbing a freakin’ trenchcoat.
Without waiting for a reply, Dean spotted his laptop on the other side of Cas. Embarrassment gnawed into his stomach as he noticed flour and sugar scattered over the keys.
That way he could move on from Cas’s
‘Damnit, Cas.’ Dean said quietly. ‘Sit down, I’ll show you what I mean.’ He stood up, a quick tug on the hem of his shirt and ushering Cas to take his seat which he obediently did.
‘I don't know,' he folded his hands together on the table. 'Maybe because caring about things, about people, it’s always used to hurt the very people we’re trying to protect.’
became
The spoon clattered onto the counter from Dean’s fingers and he reached for the coffee he’d been stirring on autopilot. Sure, he was relieved about beating Chuck and that Jack was now happily fixing things in Heaven, but nothing stopped that icy ache from losing his best friend. Castiel’s face was a ghost, following him around and engulfed by the blackness that had consumed him. The angel had kept his eyes ahead when it happened, turning only once to look where he’d thrown Dean to the floor before he was dragged to nothing. A smile across his lips that never faded, he’d been so happy just to tell him how he’d felt. Dean on the other hand could barely live with himself for standing in silence, struggling through the words only to be able to find,
‘And you tried to stab me?’
The hunter frowned, muscles tight along his neck.
Dean reached for his clean hand as they rode their aftershocks, breathing hard and interlacing their fingers to shiver out the final moans together. Cas slowly pulled out, come running down his cock and onto the seat, but still holding hands.
The worry of Cas stumbling onto his many searches of
‘Don’t worry about Dean, you've got enough that you're doing.’ Cas placed his hand on Jack's shoulder.
‘No. No I don’t think that at all.’
Dean reminded himself. This shaping of lips, the touch on the inside of his thigh, the nose brushing against his. It was all Cas.
‘I needed to say it,’ Dean said in a low voice that shook against the walls. ‘Crap.’
‘Dean, I want you to come.’
It felt right to do this with Dean. To feel his erection, his own cock heavy between them as Dean feathered strokes like it belonged to him. Each touch detangling years of shoulder taps, lingering hugs, and soft caresses that only came with sacrifices and despair. Which might be exactly what was happening now, Cas thought, but the frequency turned up high enough to leave shockwaves. All he knew was how much he wanted to make Dean feel alive.
‘Everything’s fine. It’s you that I’m worried about.’
Dean was caught between a noise that Cas was pulling from his dick, or a grumble at being denied what he wanted. ‘Alright,’ he finally said in a heavy breath. ‘If that’s how you wanna play it.’
‘Dean, you’re not a cosmic joke.’
Cas looked at him, dipping his eyes into what must’ve been the saddest expression Dean had seen and he'd seen a lot! A pang of guilt nipped him and he tried to hide the remorse by holding his gaze with the table.
'It says 'beat in the egg'...Is that the same as stirring?’ Cas arched his eyebrows.
Dean spun on the heel of his boot, looking around the kitchen. ‘Cas?’ Their shared moment lost as he grappled with finding himself back in the bunker, the angel nowhere to be seen. ‘Cas?!’ He went into the library but vacant chairs and low lighting confessed that was empty too.
‘Maybe Jack did it?’
‘Look, trust me, okay?’
He trailed off as their eyes met, leaning against the headboard as Cas straightened his jaw.
‘Of course, I want this, but do you? Can you really explain what’s happening?’
Dean rubbed his face, his blood felt to stop flowing. His legs fell weak, they were going to carry him straight onto the floor if he didn’t sit down soon. Cas, not in the Empty; Cas, alive. He guided himself out of the room and down the hallway, straight into his bedroom and shut the door. Leaning against it, he allowed his body to sink down.
Dean walked towards him, deepening the lines between his eyes and wiggling a pointed finger at Cas’ stomach, ‘How’s the, uh…?’
‘Oh, c’mon. Sam won’t eat these unless you’re making them with kale…’ Dean said.
‘I’m fine.’ Dean said in a low, unconvincing rumble.
‘Okay, so whose the lead?’ Dean asked, looking at him.
‘Okay. I’d like that.’ Jack replied.
But he’d already watched Leviathans fill him up from within then melt out his body, leaving nothing but his trench coat.
‘Until you’re asleep. Then I’ve got a lead on Lucifer-’
One little moment will change everything for Dean and Castiel.
Footsteps echoed into the room, interrupting. Then a loud cough. They both turned to see Sam; hair knotted, pyjama shirt hanging loose over sweats, eyes half open. Dean dropped his hands, moving to the side of Cas. He morphed into a grin of
A knock on their bedroom door came loud, both looked nervously towards it.
Cas looked at him with a faint puzzlement as Dean jolted him on the back and left the room.
‘Don’t do this again, Cas.’ He let out a quiet, confused sob.
It's the smut chapter.
‘Whatever, you know what I mean.’ Dean waved his hand out of the water, watching the angel’s face harden, and took a nervous breath. ‘Look, why don’t you stay, huh? Relax a bit?’
Dean moved around the room, grabbing towels and still wearing the same jacket he’d had on all night. The smell of black ooze and dirt from the barn floor following them both, nothing but death and decay in their DNA, or at least that's how it felt.
Dean nodded, his stomach full of lead. ‘…Cas, I’m sorry.’ He wasn’t sure if he was apologising for kissing him or leaving him straight after, perhaps both.
‘…Right,’ He replied. Increasing blood flow, that was one way of putting it.
Dean filled his lungs with enough oxygen to spread into his stomach, unable to stop a bitter stare at Cas. His body vibrating with heat, he sneered, letting out the air he was holding in and shaking his head. ‘Screw this.’
‘That night you dropped all these things on me… There was Billie… And maybe I should’ve said more but you know what? Maybe you should’ve told me about the deal. You can be pissed at me, that’s fine, but don’t do this. Don’t pretend like nothing means anything anymore. You should’ve told me… about all of it. I deserved to know. I deserved to know every single deal you made, what you mean… Why wouldn’t you tell me any of this? Get down here now you son of a bitch.’ His face softened. ‘I need to see you, man. I need to see you.’
‘You’re so full of crap.’
The drive home was quiet, Sam watched the road fly by with glazed eyes as Dean stared ahead. His hands secured to the steering wheel hard enough for his fingers to wrap around themselves. By the time they arrived at the bunker the day had turned into evening, not that it meant much to Dean, time had lost meaning a while ago. He headed straight into the kitchen to pull a beer out from the fridge, the residue leaving his fingers wet and chilled but he ignored it. Taking his phone out of his pocket, it unlocked straight into messages; the last thing Cas had texted gawked at him.
He thought about it all the way home, how Cas had been a soldier of Heaven before they met, setting the idea of halos and fluffy wings ablaze. Eons of existence and now, here he was, eight years after their first meeting:
Dean felt his heart sinking as he said it. Uncertainty over their friendship turned from a hum into a scream inside his head. He raked his gaze away, refusing to look at the angel as he shook his head, wetness in his eyes trying to run out onto his face. He didn't let it, moving out of the room with the echo of his boots loud.
‘Dean, I can’t… I will not cause you more pain,’ he said, closing his eyes to be haunted by the night once more.
‘When I said this is it for me, I meant that with this life being the way it is, as long as you were around in
But Cas broke the kiss against his own will, ‘Dean, stop.' He tried to find anywhere to look that wasn't the green eyes in front of him. 'Perhaps we never should have started...whatever this is.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean took off his blue and grey plaid and walked to the desk, pouring a whiskey and knocking it back. ‘Wouldn’t wanna do anything stupid.’
Dean handed him a small paper bag as he flopped back into position. ‘Don’t ask, but here.’
‘Grab the beer, will you?!’
‘Oh, obviously. I mean, you’re not even angry, then you go and high-tail it outta here after-’ He gritted his teeth, his head shaking. ‘What the hell is wrong with you? That's 20 miles out from okay.’ Exasperated at the situation, Dean could feel his arms and legs getting shaky.
‘What do you mean no? This is Cas we’re talking about.’
‘Jack? Is everything okay? Why are you here?’
‘Cas-.’ He began, too many things trying to come out at once. ‘Why aren’t you here, man?’ He stared around the room, almost feeling the air move as it would when he'd walk in with his trenchcoat flying behind. ‘Why wouldn’t you come and tell me that you’re safe? We’re family.’
‘Dean, you’re not the only one struggling with this.’
‘Why not Cas?’
‘I’m gonna take a wild guess and say he doesn’t give two craps that we’re, y’know…’ He rubbed over his stomach, checking he was clean.
Cas sighed, 'Crowley. The lead is Crowley.'
The fluff at the end of the book.
Dean shut his bedroom door quietly, despite the fury flowing inside him he didn’t want to alert Sam to trouble. He moved over to the bottle of whiskey on his desk, popping the top and splashing some straight down his gullet.
‘That was not my porn!’ He pointed an accusatory finger.
‘How?’ Cas twisted to face him.
‘Cas, I know you meant it. That’s not what I-’ He paused, his chest tightening. ‘I couldn’t get my head around you saying all that, then not coming back when Jack pulled you out. I don’t know, I guess I just thought that maybe you didn’t mean it in the same way that I heard it.’
Running a hand over his rough stubble, the hunter parted his mouth. ‘Look, I know you think you’re okay, but humour me, man.’
‘I wasn't loud,’ Dean mumbled, laid on his back as he chased breath.
‘Hey, I’m not going anywhere. You’re in my room, pal...’ He offered a smile to accompany his attempt at a joke, but Cas closed his eyes in discomfort. ‘Okay, come here…’ Dean rested his back against the wall and snaked his arm around Cas without doubt.
‘But that’s a different kind of love, Cas, it’s not romantic. It’s not being
pleasant to touch, and you and Sam could use my angelic presence around to help with research.’
‘It's my choice,’ Cas said slowly. ‘After all, you gave me the tape and the blanket-’
‘You didn’t have to do this.’ Dean dropped his hand, his forehead tight as he processed the angel's gesture. 'Cas...’
‘No, you don’t. Come on.’ Dean knocked his head in the direction of the hallway and collected his bag. ‘Let’s get you cleaned up.’
‘Well, you don’t need to worry about any of that. You're going to live a long life, well, most likely a moderately long life with your diet...’
He headed back to Lebanon in the pickup, assuming he’d been played and nobody else was meeting him. Wings had their benefit but driving made him feel closer to humans and the open road was an experience. It was Dean playing music for hours on end and the smell of burgers and fill-up joints. It had become kind of comforting even when the hunter wasn't with him.
‘Awesome!’ Just like that, Dean’s façade fell to the ground as he stood up. He placed his hand on Cas’s arm with a quiet tug. ‘Let’s go get that movie watched!’ Pie in hand, he left the room.
‘No, I'm angry because normally, Cas, if you say you love someone and then
They were back in the bunker, the bathtub faucet hissing as Dean turned it on.
A familiar face drops by with some interesting things to say.
‘Yeah well, I don’t need the massage setting on a shower but sometimes it just feels good.’
‘I don’t know, this is pretty awesome.’ Dean looked at him, lighting the car on fire with his moan that followed.
‘Yeah, I know,’ Cas replied quietly. ‘I, um, I made it.’
‘Obviously.’
Dean felt a twist in his stomach at the mention of his name, his legs immediately moving himself away and towards where he’d left a piece of toast, sitting sad on a plate next to the oven. He cleared his throat and shook his head, fixating on anything else in front of him that wasn’t his brother.
Cas narrowed his eyes. ‘Don’t do what?’
‘I-’ Dean cleared his throat. ‘Remember when Rowena died, and everything with Belphegor?’
‘You can’t hurt me, Dean.’ Cas gave him a couple of reassuring strokes and then wrapped his lips back in place.
‘I'm going to add white chocolate as well, someone left a review saying it tasted better,’ Cas said, nonchalant. He reached for a block of cooking chocolate, head down but body open. No residual awkwardness in his limbs, no nothing.
‘You got a messed up way of exchanging gifts, Cas. This is dying, not watching a movie under a freakin’ blanket,’ he ran his hand down his face, leaving his eyes pleading.
‘Good work.' Dean raised his eyebrows at the hunter impressively, yawning and rubbing sleep away from his face before sitting down next to Cas. ‘I miss anything else?’
‘Well, it’s been so long, thought I best check how my favourite wee brothers were doing in a post-Chuck world?’ She sat down on a chair and watched them with intrigue.
‘Sexually arousing?’ Cas suggested.
‘No, but you prefer pie…’ Cas sighed, ‘I thought it looked too advanced but perhaps I should’ve-’
Somewhere in the distance, the track switched and encouraged Dean to drag his hand under Cas’s shirt. Touching the hollow of his back, the skin soft and new, Dean flattened his palm between the angel’s shoulder blades. Continuing to kiss hungrily, Dean wanted his neck and took it, Cas blessing him with a noise that was too close to a moan to be anything else.
‘Cas, where the hell are you?’
‘... Right... So, you should probably sleep,’ Cas blinked for what felt to be the first time in a while.
Cas’s voice was faint but Sam was able to make it out. He hovered by the doorway wanting to enter but he sensed doing so would interrupt something fragile. It made him stop in his tracks, he didn’t want his hefty footing to shatter whatever moment was occurring.
‘Is this because of what happened-?’ Cas asked. ‘Because I told you; you left that open, not me.’
‘What part of no arguments don’t you understand?’
‘Shh... So, the hunter gulps, I’m talking a cartoon gulp,’ he continues. ‘They help each other and end up pretty close…maybe too close, but it’s complicated and the hunter doesn’t do complicated, then-’ he pauses to take a drink. ‘Years pass, the angel is suddenly human and the hunter thinks maybe this is his chance.’
They looked at each other. It wasn’t hard to see Dean processing the implications of what Cas was saying, clicking the muscles down his jaw. ‘Cas, no. You only
Listening to the sounds of Dean sinking further into the seat, every gasp being torn from his body matched the noise of metal rasping from the car as it moved with them. Dean was falling apart as easily as the leaves were shaking off the trees and giving him this gift was truly remarkable. The hunter wrapped his hand around the arm Cas was using to support himself, his cock felt harder than Cas thought possible and he looked deep into those familiar green eyes.
‘I think you know what I’m saying.’
Dean shivered and looked at the whiskey on the table, the blunt strike of the angel’s words was venomous. He was paralysed, only able to look at Cas and meet the ache in the air between them.
‘I know because you, your brother, Jack; you gave me a family.’
In a tangled mess of heat and exhaustion, they fell onto their backs. Dean leaned for the radio, keeping Cas between his legs, and wiping a hand against his sticky hair. With heavy oxygen in his lungs, he ejected the tape and held it out, ‘Here.’
‘Maybe, but...’ Dean sighed, trailing up to his ear. ‘...I love you, Cas.’
‘What was your fault?’
‘Dean, I…’ -Cas spoke softly, reclaiming control of the spoon- ‘…I think I’ve got it.’
Cas eyed him with a tilted head causing a heat to climb behind Dean’s collar.
‘Sam!’
Cas squinted, focusing on the lips which had just been pressed against his own before looking back into the hunter's eyes. ‘I put it on the bed when you were in the kitchen talking to Sam…’
‘No, that's not...’ Cas moved with a loud footing, his jaw giving it away that he’d started clenching his teeth together. ‘
'Dean, it's not... I don't want to involve you unless I have to, you have enough with your Mother being here.' Cas tensed his jaw, absorbing the snapping of tension between them. He watched Dean's face as he morphed into a frown and fixed his eyes into the ceiling.
two weeks ago had created a volcano approaching eruption.
The beer bottle that Dean had been picking apart for an hour now was leaving his fingers slightly sticky, but the only thing he cared about was trying to find the right words without stumbling or sounding like a douchebag. He cast a side-eye into the room and inhaled, one last try.
He’d told the angel, unable to even look at him.
‘No, I don’t feel much at all.’
He made a grunt as she pressed her fingers into his cheeks, pushing his jaw together with a smirk before whipping the tape out of his pocket and throwing him onto the cement.
Cas grabbed his hips to draw him over his lap, their cocks tapping together and if that didn't make Cas' skin jump then nothing ever would.
Sam, on a journey of expression, drew his eyebrows together before noticing the back of the room. His frown sinking harder. ‘Dean, are those my shorts?’
‘Jack will come when he can, when he’s figured out a way,’ Sam always said.
Dean suddenly shot up, turning his head slightly to Cas as his hand moved with his words. 'That's it, you better catch me up or so help me I will cuff you to this bed.'
‘Dean, I don’t want to talk about this,’ Cas’s voice blistered with a glare.
Dean looked over his shoulder to see Cas had left them hanging over the chair and dripping water into the carpet.
The angel moved into the empty spot, settling a hand on his stomach as he laid down and closed his eyes.
. Sure, he'd been human for like a day but Dean had blown that too. He tried to find answers in the floor tile.
He hovered his finger above the bowl, noticing Cas watching him with razor sharp precision.
Dean quietly pulled a face, a huff in his throat as a gentle flush flew over his rusty, sex-laden cheeks and he changed the subject. ‘How long you staying?’
‘Hello Dean!’ Jack said, stopping next to the map table with his hand raised into a little wave. He held himself tall, but he was still their kid, his face open and bright.
Dean nodded. ‘Well least you're back, got us Tombstone to watch,’ he raised his eyebrows suggestively. ‘You’re gonna love it…I’ll get set up.’
‘No, of course you don’t. My mistake. Stand there then, be a dick.’
There was nothing but love cracking through Dean’s voice.
‘Tell me what you want.’ Dean stroked harder and longer, taking every bit of his cock as if he was his own.
‘Well, that is something you’ve experienced, it’s perfectly natural that you’d sometimes dream about it. But with Rowena and Jack working together, I don’t think you’ll be hunting anytime soon.’
‘But you’re an angel, have you ever felt that before?’
‘Are you sure?’ Cas asked, dragging his eyebrows down.
The laptop was left open on Dean’s search for
He lifted his head to see Dean’s face twitch in sleep; he should’ve just answered.
The words were lighter than he expected them to be and he studied Cas like a tapestry, waiting to see either confusion or understanding. Cas didn’t say anything at first, until a few seconds later a smile spread across and opened his face up.
Dean had dragged a table to the bottom of the bed, propping the laptop up and switching it on as he noticed Castiel walking past the room. ‘Cas! Where you going?’
‘Dean?’ Cas's voice was broken, stopping their lips from meeting. Dean opened his eyes to see the blue of the angel’s iris filling near enough his entire vision.
‘Cas? What are you doing in here?’ The taller and younger Winchester sat across from him and tried to adjust his eyes to the light, his hair wild with sleep, 'It's the middle of the night.'
‘Dean…’
‘Where’s Cas?’ Sam asked, watching a freshly showered and wet-haired Dean pull a pack of beer out from the fridge. He hadn’t seen the angel in over an hour, usually an indication that one of them was pissed off. He closed the book in front of him and pushed an empty coffee cup away.
Dean took the keys out of the ignition, his mouth tensing up. ‘Well, why would he?! Why bring her back? Why now? I don’t buy it. Whatever has brought Charlie back, it’s not Jack.’
He shared a glance with Sam, who was wearing an equally baffled complexion, his eyes wide and his lips small with concern. ‘Two Charlies?’
Dean’s mouth fell open, his gasp bouncing against the windows as Cas hollowed his cheeks and pressed his tongue against the shaft, taking him deep. He sucked softly, Dean hot in his mouth. This taste was even better and Cas moaned into his cock as Dean started rocking his hips, both inhaling hard into their chests. They continued until Dean met the back of his throat. The angel knew he could take it but judging from Dean’s jolt and cry of ‘
‘Dean, what is the point that you’re trying to prove?’
‘Uh... yeah, Charlie? That was him.’ Dean turned to him, a satisfied look across his face.
‘What kind of deal?’
not to say a freakin’ word. Why?’
‘Well then who did?’
‘He’s gone to get some pie. Where’s Eileen?’
The voicemails had been getting sharper, the texts more profane. What started as
‘Out. He’s checking a case-’
‘Dean, will you sit down.’ Sam turned around.
‘Damnit, Cas,’ He whispered with a slight pant.
‘Of course.’ Cas offered a small smile as he slipped into his trenchcoat. ‘Besides, I need to get back to searching for Kelly.’
Dean looked at Sam to see his face deadly serious. He relaxed his own and nodded in agreement with himself.
With the tip of his cock pressed to Dean's entrance, Cas bent over and kissed him. Dean stroking down his back and around the curve of his ass to encourage him, but Cas didn’t push. No, not yet. He wanted Dean to go to pieces before he started fucking him. He waited, applying just enough pressure to receive dirty moans from the hunter.
‘So, what do you think we should do about Charlie?’ Sam asked, entering the room.
'Stay? You mean here? All night?' He looked at Dean, blinking slow to hide the fact that the idea was very appealing. They'd been intimate enough for Cas to know which buttons he liked being pressed but he still always left. Eventually.
‘Okay. Look, don’t think I’m not thankful, because I am. But Cas, didn’t you think that maybe the win was just-just you coming home?’
Watching Castiel get into the hot tub was something else. Ripples of confusion tightened the angel’s eyes into a crease as he dipped his feet into the water. He looked at Dean as he immersed himself up to the waist. Small bubbles trailing and kissing those hipbones, eating him up until he was nothing but neck and shoulders above a fizzy splash.
‘Why? Should I have?’ Cas asked.
‘That’s uh, that’s for you too.’ Dean’s voice carried a vulnerability that caught the angel off guard, he lifted his head to look at him as Dean continued. ‘You need more music in your life.’
, Dean had said on the way home as his knuckles turned white along the steering wheel. Sam nodded with thin lips into the road ahead. Cas had stared weakly out of the window, his hand binded by bloody and torn fabric.
It became obvious that Dean wasn't a stranger to what they were doing as he reached for Cas’ cock, lining it up against himself as Cas slipped his hands away. ‘Go slow.’
“Fuck me.” He groans.
He breathes, fighting himself to keep his legs spread. The vulnerable position makes him nervous but it’s Kelly and she only wants to make him feel good. They kiss and she cups his face, rubbing her fingers on his stubble. She kisses him lower and lower, on his nipples, his stomach and finally right above his mound.
“Dean.” Castiel calls again. He holds out his arms and take Dean’s hands in his, pulling him on his lap. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”
5/Cock slapping
John Winchester/Castiel
The blond looks up from his book, intrigued.
Dean fucks his fist, panting in Castiel’s mouth. The angel has a way to make him feel at ease and forget all of his issues. He also learned to make him cum, with that angelic mojo of his to read his mind and it’s embarrassing but also really good.
“Did you like it ? I made sure to be loud for you.” Lucifer says in a low voice right into his ear. “Did you imagine yourself in my wife’s place ?”
He chases his pleasure, face buried in blond hair, his waist trapped between strong legs. He spills in him, grinding until he’s totally spent. He slumps on Lucifer, enjoying the feeling of hands in his hair.
“Feeling good, angel ?”
“Fuck, yeah, that’s it, miss this. Years thinking of that fat cock in my ass.”
When the Mass ended, they went to the priest. He was talking to a short, pregnant woman, and a tall blond man who had his hand on her shoulder. Castiel could feel a powerful wave coming from her soul, showing her strong and kind character. The energy coming from the baby though, was uneven. The birth would be hard, potentially deadly for the mother. Maybe he could do something eventually.
He could read and speak any languages. He recognized all the plants pictured in the book and he was amazed at the amount of information humans had gathered. Anatomy was trickier, because he didn’t know that much about humans. He could heal them with a thought, but he didn’t know how their body was made, which bone was next to which or how they reacted to diseases. He had seen the plague, but apart form that, human bodies always surprised him.
He chuckled, checking her pulse.
He milks the last of his orgasm, kissing his neck and grinding his own knot inside the other alpha. Lucifer is mewling softly under him, his hips rocking to take Sam deeper. He feels safe and satiated with Sam’s knot inside him, when the other man is murmuring sweet nothings to him.
Top!Sam/Bottom!Lucifer
“You must be hungry anyway. You look fine, so I don’t think you’ll need special food.”
This is the second part of
“Dean, it’s okay, you’re really handsome.”
“No.”
She rides his fingers until she tenses and cums, with a little sound that he knows he wants to hear way more often.
2/Overstimulation
“Look at you, angel. So pretty.”
Then it’s rubbing
“I could use some help. But people with medical skills are rare.”
I'm back for Kinktober ! I made my own list this time and I'll try to do like last time, with different pairings completing the two main ones. Main ones being Destiel and Samifer. I'm gonna throw in Kelly, Meg, Lilith, and I'm also planning for John and Benny, maybe others. If you hae requests, hit me up !
The crops were getting drier everyday and the general mood wasn’t good. The animals too were nervous, and that had caused some accidents. His next patient, Mrs Harvelle, had been injured by one of her cows, which had panicked in the barn for an unknown reason. She had a broken leg and she was even more grumpy than usual. He checked her leg, which was healing just right, thankfully. She also asked him about the newcomer. Everyone knew and they were all curious. It was rare to see new faces.
He fingers Castiel’s dick through the bars of the cock cage, loops of steel wrapped around the flesh. It had been difficult to get used to it at first. It dug into his skin, stopping him from getting hard. And it turned him on a lot so he got hard often.
Castiel kneads his cheeks, exposing his hole. He knows it’s open, wet with cum and clenching on nothing, begging to be filled.
He out the empty plates in the dishwasher, getting pie from the fridge.
He tightens his hold on Sam, rocking his hips to rub his erection.
The only things is he can’t bring himself to buy proper sex toys. He could -maybe he should – but there’s something about taking a random object and stick it inside him.
They kiss, and she clings to him as she comes. He can’t get enough of her. He’s never had this, such a sweet, healthy relationship, but without excluding the bad parts of his life. He’s still afraid to see her disappear. She deserves so much more, he wants to give her the world.
He’s getting hot and his erection is getting harder to ignore. Hot Tall Guy gives him a little smile and there it is –
Castiel opened them, his eyes sliding over the pages.
It’s easy to be with her. He can relax and stop worrying about being too much or not enough. He’s not a freak anymore with her, or at least, it doesn’t sound that bad anymore.
He soaps himself to the thought of Dean’s smile and hard abs. He’s distracted and drops everything, from the shower gel to the shower head. It falls on his foot, of course. When he dries himself, he looks at his face in the mirror. He was already told he was a beautiful face – angelic was the term that stood out actually – but he never dwelled on it. Now he wonders. How does Dean see him ? Like any man, he guesses, so his face doesn’t matter. He should stop thinking about it.
Dean adjusts the clamp on Castiel’s clit, making him moan in pain/pleasure. His little nub is an angry red, swollen and coated in slick. Benny whistles.
“But that’s not what you want, hmm?”
“Fuck, you’re so wet.” Sam hisses. “So tight.”
Destiel
He shakes his head while she straddles him, guiding his dick to her slit. He hates the part of him that wonders what it’s gonna feel like. The tip slides past her entrance and she slowly sinks on him.
When he’s home, he takes it away and caresses the bruises that mark his throat. The skin is extra-sensitive and he pokes it, making his dick twitch. Hickeys are splattered all over his shoulders, on the inside of his thighs.
He leans his head on her chest and she cradles his head, stroking his hair. He feels redeemed with her, his sleep deep and undisturbed by nightmares – that hadn’t happened in years.
“You know, I heard about you actually. ” Kelly says, her hand casually brushing Meg’s when they’re walking. “Lucifer did tell me he has a best friend who’s pretty, funny, can win a fight against three guys alone. ” Meg gulps. Good to know he hasn’t totally betrayed her. “And with who he already had threesome. Several times.”
It turns him on even more to know that Lucifer is nothing like that with his wife. She gets the cuddles and the pet names. He’s gonna be the dirty secret who gets fucked hard and quick.
“It’s so good. Lucifer !”
Sam lies him on the bed and he rolls on his stomach, getting on all fours and arching his back.
4/Wedding sex
Sam settles between their legs, hands on Lucifer’s hips. He slides into him in one go and immediately fucks him roughly. Lucifer moans loudly in delight.
Mindbreak, alpha Dean, omega Castiel, omega sexism, verbal humiliation, pussy spanking, clit clamp, pain kink
They lie next to each other, taking their breath.
He wants to say he certainly doesn’t need that. But his body disagrees, greedily spreading her walls and balls tightening in anticipation of an orgasm. He’s sweating, his heart beating fast – such new and scary sensations – but he can’t move away nor he can take more.
“Can I kiss you ?” She asks, her voice low and a little bit unsteady. She’s too turned on to get a grip.
She winks and she’s off. Kelly is a mess, dropping in a chair, trying to understand what just happened. It seems she was never afraid of Lilith, after all.
Top!Sam / Bottom! Lucifer
“You took them so well. I would have loved hearing you scream. Next time maybe.”
“Do you need more?”
“It’s a date.” Kelly replies cheerfully.
He squeezes it, tight, until Castiel is squirming in pain, then he gives it a few harsh slaps. Castiel is panting, head thrown back.
“No, I changed my mind. I found he’s a huge painslut. Hurt him enough and he squirts like a fountain. Wanna see ?”
When he’s home, he’s bit distracted. He’s focused. He presses his ear to the wall of his bedroom at night, jerking off to the sounds of Lucifer and Kelly having sex. He remembers the image that the two of them made, how he wanted to be in her place so bad…How Lucifer had caught him and teased him, doing nothing to calm his obsession.
“Oh.”
“Good boy, look at your cute little dick, so soft and small.”
“Tell me.”
He feels relaxed, his orgams still rolling in his belly. He still feels safe in her arms, her soft perfume soothing him.
“Are you two … I mean, have you always been… together ?”
Lilith is looking at her, smiling and gets closer.
24/Pregnancy kink
with Lucifer. He can’t help it. He had heard of him before -never in good terms – and the first time he saw him up close, he was smitten. The blond gave him a nonchalant look then his blue eyes had sparked with interest. He’s not sure how they came to fuck but he’s sure not going to complain.
“It’s not mine.” He says very quickly. Castiel arches an eyebrow. “Well, I mean, uh, it is. But I don’t, you know, use it.” It sounds more like a question. He wants to disappear.
He came to borrow a book to Gabriel. The little fucker isn’t here of course, so it’s his roommate who opens the door. Worse than that, the book is not even in Gabriel’s room, so he came for nothing. Of course, he begins to argue with Sam. He’s not sure how it escalated so quickly. One minute they were at each other’s throat, like every time they talked  and the next, they were kissing.
“You’re so pretty like that. Can’t believe I got so lucky.”
Sam jumps at the voice coming from behind them. He turns and gapes likes a fish. Another Lucifer is looking at him.
“Shh, I’m here.”
Noah picked a few books and notes, showing him.
Lucifer/Lilith
There are no rules here, that dictate what you should want. Omegas fucking alphas is not frowned upon here. Sex is celebrated, and for that, there’s no hierarchy.
“Don’t worry about it. You should rest. Do you know where you were going?”
toy in public, gun play
He obeys, picking up the pace. Lucifer hisses and he’s sure his hole is sore and tender. Lucifer shouts and he feels his muscles tense, his cock twitching on his stomach. He’s coming dry, and he looks totally wrecked. It’s beautiful.
Sam cums not long after him and curls against him. He’s gonna let him have a little break. Then he’ll break out the lovely toy he bought thinking of the blond.
“Hmm.”
From Meg to Luci
“Like that ?”
“Oh fuck, Nick, you found Sam ! You little fucker, he was mine first ! I’m calling dibs here, scoot over. “
“Next time, let’s try the paddle.”
He’s very sensitive now he’s five months into his pregnancy. He craves sex all the time and the lightest touch sets him ablaze.
I love them both so much. They both deserved better T_T
Sam is a great boyfriend. Seriously, he’s perfect. And he loves to stuff Lucifer’s ass, with his tongue, his hands, his dick or other things.
25/Threesome
His hands slide on the blond’s legs until he reaches the panties. He just pulls them to the side and takes Lucifer in his mouth.
Lube is getting everywhere and he can’t care less. Lucifer is pliant under him, moaning and panting, cursing and calling his name. He managed to make him come a second time and is working for a third, plunging slowly in the wet heat of his angel.
Castiel cries out, pleasure sparking from the rub on his prostate.
Top!Castiel / Bottom!Dean
Fuck. Is he angry ? Tantrums are recurrent. About his aunt, about his brothers, about himself… How many times did Sam witness him breaking things, shouting at the whole world and then shut down, muttering about how he shouldn’t have been born at all ? He doesn’t want to find Lucifer having a breakdown. He saw it once, when his father had resurfaced and tried to bully his way with fake apologies. He had to glue back Lucifer’s pieces after that and he never wants to that again.
1/Slow sex
“Yes, alpha, please !”
“You’re bigger than usual. I like when you’re like that. So hard for me.”
“That’s not fair !”
There are hands sliding under his shirt and he can’t hold back a moan when Sam’s fingers catch his nipples. His weak point. Of course, the little shit goes for it.
“No.” His answer comes more like a moan, his hips bucking when Castiel drags a hand on his crotch.
“What ? No.”
“I’m taking it.” Castiel concludes, packing it in his bag. He recognizes the interested twinkle in Dean’s eyes.
He remembers it well. A few years ago, there had been some protests against new laws and global insecurity in the state. Castiel was volunteering in a homeless center and he knew about the difficulties poor people could experience. There had been altercations with the police and too many violence, unjustified arrests and general mistreatment. At a protest, Castiel had inhaled too much tear gas, and had managed to get out of the crowd to try and take a breath on the sidewalk. Sam and his friends had seen him and given him some physiological saline. They had talked and stayed in contact since then. Sam had regularly took part in food distribution.
From here, it’s a blur. Two other men fuck him then he’s left alone in the room. He can hear then laugh and drink, maybe watching football. Sometimes, one of them comes in to fuck him. More lube is added, making a puddle under his ass.
Castiel nuzzles his neck, happy mewls coming from him.
That’s probably the last thing he would have imagined.
She plunges two fingers inside her slit and sucks them.
“Fuck yeah. You rode me so hard…I… I think of you, often. “
He doesn’t like Sam. He’s too prissy. He’s too tall. He has ridiculous eating habits. He has the muscles of a fitness model and Lucifer wants to fucking climb him like a tree. Now his tongue is in his mouth and his hands on his ass, he can admit it.
He can’t. He hears Dean breathing and can picture him, almost naked and so desirable. He wants to touch him so badly he aches. It’s not even sexual. He feels more of a sensual attraction, a need to snuggle against him and let his hands explore the naked skin, feel a tight embrace and hold him all night. He barely breathes, afraid to give something out.
She’s soaking too and he swears when she grinds her hips in circles. Her breasts are pressed against his chest, soft and warm, her nipples hard.
Lucifer is not trying to be a rebel. But every single thing he choses is seen as weird, scandalous or wrong. He’s not doing it on purpose. To be honest, it’s annoying. Besides, people talk but he’s not doing anything to hurt anyone, so it is not justified.
“Shush. You love it. ”
“Yeah ? Well, at least she likes me, she still calls you Norman Bates."
From Meg to Luci
“So, is he really an angel?”
. The tongue is tracing his rim, then diving into his heat before his insides are sucked with such passion that he cums twice, shaking all over and drooling from pleasure.
“Yeah. And her brother is a jerk. Not saying she can’t be nasty, but at least, she’s nice to me.”
She does the same thing again, then she licks a stripe, dragging her tongue along the swollen shaft. Then she closes her mouth on it and swirls her tongue.
Samifer
He curses again, reminding the moment. Lucifer hadn’t said anything, just looked at him with an attentive look, his head tilted and had crammed a whole pancake in his mouth. And Sam didn’t think, drinking his tea and switching to talking about Rowena’s last boyfriend. He wants to slap himself.
“I can’t help it. I like to scare him. He always looks like I’m gonna do something horrible to him.”
He rides Sam on the floor, encouraged by warm hands on his hips.
Castiel seemed to think for a moment then shook his head. The doctor sighed.
“Is the tall boring guy your boyfriend ?”
“Yes.” She breathes out. Then Lilith kisses her and she stops breathing.
He had been scared the first time Lucifer had choked him. Not because of the pain or the difficulty to breathe. No. He had been scared by how much he had liked it. He trusts the blond with his life, Lucifer knows what he’s doing and how to avoid injuries. But still. He wouldn’t tell Dean.
“He fell from the sky !”
“Is it…better like that ?”
“Ever use a paddle or a whip?”
His ass is spasming around the weight in him and he’s seriously considering asking the giant out. There are few people taller than Lucifer and he’s pretty sure that one can pick him up. Those muscles aren’t for decoration he hopes.
He licks him, sucking on his hole and dipping his tongue inside, until Lucifer is a moaning mess, face pressed into the sheets because his arms gave out.
“Why would it? I like to pleasure you.”
“He’s not getting an orgasm for at least two months.”
When he came back, Castiel was standing at the window, looking at the street. He blinked when Noah entered, his face blank. It was hard to know what he was thinking.
Sam/Eileen
“So, remember me. Was it good ? “
But he adds more lube and lines up his dick before pushing in. He waits a few seconds to let Lucifer adjust. His dick is thick and the blond swears, because it’s fucking good and he doesn’t want to cum just with that. He breathes and clenches around Sam, making the other man hiss.
“I’m gonna cum ! Please, please, can I cum Sir ?”
“Yes, Dean, please.”
cunnilingus, outdoor sex
(See the end of the chapter for
Then finally, Sam pushes his cock into him. He loops his arms around his middle, holding him tight against his chest, slowly thrusting inside him.
cunnilingus, outdoor sex
“That’s some advertising.” She says dryly.
They’re both moaning and panting, the slap of skin echoing in the room. He strokes Lucifer’s dick, right on the head until the blond shouts and comes on his chest, shaking. Then he grabs his hips and thrusts in him, chasing his own orgasm, Lucifer encouraging him.
“Hey, you Castiel ? I’m Dean. ”
He often thinks of Lucifer. He had met him in a bar and he had been attracted to him immediately. Confusion had stopped him from talking to him but the blond had taken things in hands, sitting in front of Sam and bluntly asking if Jess and him were a couple. Jess had laughed and told him that no, they had dated but it was over and that she was happy to give him away as long as he was taken care of. She had winked to the blond and left them alone.
How could he live without those sensations ? Without being fully satisfied during a heat ? Hundred of years spent in Heaven, hiding his hears ignoring his needs and being told that sex was beneath angels. What a load of bullshit.
anymore with her, or at least, it doesn’t sound that bad anymore.
“Who wouldn’t ? “ She blurts. Then she bites her tongue, because that was probably a bit rude. “I don’t mean…sorry.”
First, there’s the tie. He slides a finger inside the knot and loosens it to take it off. The fabric slides around the angel’s neck and falls on the floor.
I like dominant Castiel ! What do you think ? Want more of him ?
“Thanks for taking me in.”
“Hmm, begging already ?”
“You didn’t come, of course ? “
He knows Lucifer is doing it on purpose, fucking louder, opening his door shirtless, sending knowing smiles to Sam. He doesn’t remember having ever been this horny. It’s like he’s constantly hard and thinking of the man.
“I already took a shower, you can go if you want. The couch is very small, so if you want to sleep with me, it’s okay, bed’s big enough. ”
“Stay.”
“No ! Of, fuck, Meg !”
Anal sex, fluff
She rubs herself against Kelly’s hand while they kiss, cumming when the other woman sucks her tongue.
“Sam. Sam! ”
“Hmm, no, I’m not letting you cum today.”
“Sam.”
He chuckles, and presses a kiss to his rim. It’s wet.
“Should I let you cum today ? ”
He can hear voices outside the room, music and laughter. The door opens and someone whistles.
The next three hits are crashing his balls against his body. Sometimes he wonders if it’s too much, but he trusts Lilith to be careful. Last time, she stepped barefoot on his cock, but kept most of her weight on the floor when she went for his balls.
Fluff
He’s never been held this tight. The closeness is amazing, Dean’s strong embrace makes his head spin. He’s melting against him, wrapping himself around him. Dean is nuzzling his hair, his hands drawing small circles on his back. It’s so good he almost wants to cry.
turned on. He wants this. They dabbled, mostly kissing with their clothes still on. He wants to go further. And it’s frustrating because he loves his body now and it sucks that he can’t enjoy it fully.
trans man Lucifer, cunnilingus
A few well placed thrusts are enough to make Dean pop. He’s been pent-up all night, obeying Castiel’s order not to cum before coming home to him. He slumps on his boyfriend, wrapping himself around him as he drives into his ass.
“It hurts.” He moans. She smiles, half-cruel, half-amused and gently strokes the inside of his knee.
The cold and hard metal sinks into him. Because Sam is a good boyfriend like that, he knew exactly which one Lucifer would like best. It’s short but thick.
18/Objectification
“This.”
“Lucifer ?” He calls. Lucifer never showed suicidal tendencies but
“You’re late.”
Castiel is giving him one of those looks. The one who says
“I want you.” He says this with a bit of surprise in his voice, as if he too can’t believe what’s happening.
But the finger against his is moving, very slowly and hesitant. It can’t be unintentional. Or is it ? He can’t help it. He presses his finger against Dean’s hand. There’s no way Dean isn’t aware of what he’s doing. It’s clear now. They’re barely touching, sliding their pinkies together in a soft, tentative way. A minute movement, but that feels like a big gesture. Centimeter by centimeter, they stroke the other’s skin, their fingers slowly crossing and uncrossing, soft squeezes and gentle caresses.
The slide of the two cocks inside his ass is maddening, sending waves of pleasure in all his body.
“Good ? ”
“Good boy, look at your cute little dick, so soft and small.”
He can’t believe his luck. But he only has a short break for lunch. Lucifer senses his dilemma and offers his number.
“Yes.” He sobs, pleasure sparking in his lower belly. Sam is hitting all his sweet spots and it’s mind-blowing. “Yes, please, alpha ! ”
pain kink, masochism
Top!Sam / Bottom! Lucifer
He gulps and stills his legs, open to let her between them. The sheets are soft under Lucifer’s naked body, but they’re getting damp with his sweat.
“Someone’s eager.” Lucifer manages to say between kisses. Sam pins him down on the bed by the shoulders, a little smile on his face.
Castiel nodded and recited one of his favorite verse.
Sam likes what Lucifer does to him. It’s pleasurable, ok, it’s mind-blowing, but he’s getting more and more frustrated to see how unaffected the angel is.
Dean complies, and Castiel proceeds to map his body with his mouth, his kisses leaving a tingling trail in their path. He’s reached the side of his knee when Dean loses patience.
“What’s your name ? You’re in my biology class, right ? ”
I'm late, I wrote a Witcher porny fic yesterday and I didn't have any inspiration left for the Kinktober. I'll try to catch back tonight !
Castiel/John Winchester
“What makes you think he’s not human ?” He asked, turning around the table.
The room is steaming hot. Limbs everywhere, moans echoing inside the walls. He feels good. No. Not good. Amazing. Everything is bliss, sizzling pleasure and ecstasy.
“Hmhm.”
Sam’s cock throbs at the prospect of a next time. He’s painfully hard but the assault on his throat is distracting him for it. He tries to relax, tipping his head backwards and looking at the man having his way with him. He’s finally where he has been wanting to be for months. At the end of Lucifer’s cock.
“I do, I do. ” Sam admits, picking up a pace.
He cums quickly and Sam does his best to swallow it. The angel drops his head on the mattress, panting. Sam molds himself to his side, kissing his neck.
Oh. Oh. She remembers Castiel talking about a woman he had helped and a baby. Maybe. She hadn’t paid attention. Well now, that woman has
The blond presses his lips together and buries his face in Sam’s hair. He can feel his shoulders relaxing.
Kind of enemies to lovers, spanking, slap, fluff
Lucifer/lots of demons
Then her hand was on his thigh and he was hard. She gave him a hand job in the toilets, biting his neck and squeezing his balls too tight. He had never come that hard.
The blond is still looking at him without any recognition.
He sits on the couch, sinking in the cushions. Dean takes the pan, asking how he likes his meat cooked. He can’t help but staring at his naked back. He’s not as muscled as Sam, who likes to run, lift weight and do yoga, but he’s very fit. There are more tattoos on his back and one of them plunges under his pants. Castiel wants to trace it and see where it leads him.
He has been feeling it for a while, delaying the moment to enjoy it more afterwards. When his heat peaks, he can’t keep his wings out. There are sensitive and he can’t help but wanting some attention to them. When he cums again, his wings spread themselves, huge and dark. They’re immediately tended to, gently stroked and ruffled. There are hands grabbing near the pit and he screams, a wave of heat making him leak more slick on the floor.
Top!Lucifer/Bottom!Sam
Is she imagining the spark in her eyes or is Kelly at least a bit interested ?
omega Lucifer, orgy, group sex, wing kink, double penetration
“You’re mine.” Lilith tells him. “As much as I’m yours. And I have so much to teach you.”
The answer is quick.
“Would you believe it ? She’s Lucifer’s ex-girlfriend !” Crowley explains.
“Hey Sam.”
“He changed.”
“Fuck, fuck, Lil’th, please, let me cum !”
Dean slides his lips on his cheek, closer and closer to his mouth. He’s slow, making pauses to check Castiel’s reaction. Castiel turns his head and presses his mouth against Dean’s. They kiss a moment like that, mouths closed, small presses of lips. A hand slides in his hair, pulling him closer in the same time that Dean licks his lips. He opens his mouth and let Dean enter.
“Stop, I’ll cum.”
“Tonight ?”
He left. He had three patients to visit. He began by the young Linda, who was almost ready to deliver. She was always glad to see him. She had been really wary at first, but when she saw he wasn’t judging her and was genuinely asking her what she wanted, she had calmed down. They got along, and he had discovered that she was funny and clever, nothing like the portrait some villagers made of her.
“Of course not, she’s not gonna waste her breath explaining what are books to you.” Lucifer snorts.
Lucifer is sitting on his desk, a book in hand, legs crossed. Legs that are definitely shaved, covered by black stockings, their transparent fabric showing off the blond’s strong calves. His eyes follow the limbs to the thighs, where he can see lace suspenders disappearing under a short plaid pleated skirt. His stomach is bared – and shaved – a black crop top going up to his neck. Sam gulps when he meets Lucifer’s eyes. The blue pops out, circled by black eye-liner.
”UGH! HMM!”
“Have to keep you distracted. Admit it, it was more fun this way.”
“Yes, you do. But you should find safer way to find it.”
Shirts, undershirts, pants, briefs and zveryo else end on the floor and they stand naked, facing each other.
His head is spinning. It hurts so good and he wants to savour the feeling but his balls are tightening and he’s been on the edge for some time already. He tries to push it back, because she hasn’t given him permission yet.
“Play with your nipples.”
“We met a few years ago ?”
“For sure, I am.”
Everything changed when the day the angel died. Even if a small voice at the back of his day is telling him
“Cas.”
The weather was being tempered with. The dryness wasn’t natural. He understood better the reason of his presence.
He read aloud some notes on different papers. The doctor had travelled and was in communication with doctors from different countries, with whom he exchanged information. He could feel the doctor’s gaze on him, both awed and suspicious. Castiel knew he had attracted too much attention. He had tried to land in a discreet way, but he had been distracted by Gabriel and had barely managed to keep his new body intact. The archangel last warnings were still in his mind. He was here to help humans, but not too much. His powers would be limited and he shouldn’t tell humans he was an angel. He hadn’t had a lot of missions on Earth. He liked his Father’s creation, but it puzzled him to no end. He never understood how to behave to blend in.
He can see them kiss from where he is and it turns him on a lot. He does his best to last, aiming for Lucifer’s prostate. His efforts pay, the blond getting louder and cursing and praising him. He finds a hand already working when he goes for Lucifer’s dick and he shares a smile with Nick.
Lucifer is spread across Sam’s lap. They’re both on the bed, Sam sitting against the wall, hands on Lucifer. He’s rubbing a unloaded gun on the blond’s lubed hole. Has been rubbing. For what seems. like.hours. And Lucifer can’t take it anymore.
“Our relationship was always special.” Nick laughs. “ The sex came later but we always told each other everything. Mostly we share someone. But sometimes… it grounds him I think. Sex I mean. And I want to be the one who grounds him. “ He smiles at Sam. “With help, maybe. ”
He eyes Sam like he’s daring him to say something. Which he would like to do if all the blood in his brain hadn’t gone to his dick. The painted blue eyes take in his hard-on. Lucifer’s lips stretch in a lazy smile.
“Sam admires you a lot. He’s always like Cas this, Cas that. How did you two meet again ? ”
He shouldn’t have gotten that inside him, because when he’s stuffed, his brain is useless. Of course, it’s the day when Hot Tall Guy happens to be late and has to sit in the back with him. He could try and say something intelligent or at least non compromising.
He obeys, placing himself in front of Castiel, who watches him attentively. Then he reaches for his hips, his lips stretching on a smile.
Lucifer slumps on him and he wraps his arms around his waist, kissing his temple. They say nothing for a moment, then Lucifer speaks, his voice hesitant.
He presses his mouth to hers and they kiss, hands tangled in each other’s hair – she likes her hair, never said it’s too long. She gets him like no one else ever did and he can’t believe how lucky he is that she loves him back.
“A few blocks away. I’ll take you there if you want. How long do you want to stay ? ”
Sam fishes the bracelet in his pocket and slaps it on Lucifer’s wrist, reciting the incantation. The angel narrows his eyes at him but waits until he’s done.
He faintly feels her stroke his hair and whisper how good he was. She sits next to his head and he nuzzles her thigh, high on pleasure and pain. She takes a soothing balm on the nightstand.
“You’re being so good.” Wet sounds echo in the room. “A bit of lube and I’ll fuck you. You want my knot, right ? “
“Cum for me Lucifer. I’ll show you how to be human. You’ll be more than an angel, more than a demon. Let me give you back what you gifted me.”
Castiel’s eyes are full of tenderness and encouragement, but Dean still feels like he’s gonna bolt out of here any second.
She could be imagining it. But that tone ? She knew what she was answering to. Meg clears her throat and gets a bit bolder.
“Please ?” Sam laughs. “Seems like you took all the manners.”
“Such a beautiful color. ” Lilith purrs, a finger tracing a vein on his length.
It’s not an idle threat. He has already sent Sam home with his cock still hard and weeping, balls still full.
Lucifer kisses Nick, then Sam.
“Don’t move.” Lilith warns again.
samifer
That’s really not how he thought his day would end. He’s not gonna complain. Lucifer is already grinding on him, making his dick harden. Nick is shyer, keeping his hands in his lap.
It was a sensitive subject for a long long time, but now I think like I'm more confortable with myself, so I can talk about it more easily. Of course it's Lucifer, because he's my favourite character and I want to celebrate my top surgery.
“I didn’t think I would meet you here. I mean… I looked for you everywhere you know ? “
he signs. And he’ll never get tired of the way her eyes sparkle when she signs it back.
The only things is he can’t bring himself to buy proper sex toys. He could -maybe he should – but there’s something about taking a random object and stick it inside him.
He lets go of him and pushes him until he’s flat on the bed, then lowers himself on his back, pumping his hips with force, mouth on his nape.
(See the end of the chapter for
He manages to agree without stammering. He leans on the door of the bathroom once he closed it. Fuck. What did he just agreed to ? He should have taken the couch. But Dean’s right, it’s tiny. On the other hand, he’s already affected enough by Dean and he’s not gonna get a wink of sleep if that man is lying next to him. Why did he have to be so sexy ?
15/Scissoring
“Yes ! You were wild.”
“Anytime. “
Lucifer sighs once he’s in the elevator. He loosens his tie and unbuttons his vest, glad to be finally home. It’s tiring to be at social gathering for work. There’s always those useless displays of power, alphas showing off and omegas being impressed, while betas awkwardly try to find their ground. There are more omegas like Rowena now, but he hasn’t met an alpha who was a knothead yet. And he’s not changing that.
“Then let’s find a nice corner.”
“Do you want me to show you ? ”
“I can’t let you make any medication, but if you could go buy ingredients and bring the remedies to my patients, that would be great. Also, I have to bring you to Father Milton, he wants to see you.”
“Fuck, you really like it, huh?”
“Oh yes, please, so good…”
Her hands slide on his back as he enters her and they rock slowly together. Her mouth is hot on his neck and he moans in pleasure as he slides in her wet heat. She smiles at him and every time she does that, there’s a pulsing inside his chest, that says
(See the end of the chapter for
He thrusts harder in the pliant body above him, throwing him Castiel around like a ragdoll. The younger man cums, his orgasm explosive and stretching with John keeping in fucking him through it. Cum dribble down in John’s belly, being milked out of Castiel forcibly.
Castiel likes to open him with his fingers. Sometimes they use lube, for the sake of it, sometimes they just wish it already prepared. Dean can’t be hurt anymore, but it’s nice to go through the motions. Castiel kisses him, and adds a finger, making him gasp in his mouth.
He’s encased in her wet heat and his dick twitches, the pressure so good he doesn’t know what to do with himself. He never thought about sex before. He knows how it works, but it never interested him. It’s for humans. It’s beneath him.
“Well, thank you.”
“Stop!”
12/Dress up
He jumps Sam as soon as they’re back – he could have waited to be inside their flat and spare the neighbor the view of them rutting like teenagers but, meh, Chuck will live.
“Let’s open it.” John slides the key in the lock, and removes it with careful gestures. He cups Castiel’s dick, his palm warm and big, engulfing him.
He can hear a buzzing sound then pleasure washes over him as she presses the vibrating wand on his dick. She avoids the head of course.
“I’m  glad we agree on that.”
Castiel runs his hands along his arms, until he reaches his shoulders. Then he touches his chest, spread his palms and pushes Dean until he steps back to the bed, sitting on the edge. He slides in his lap, and take his head between his hands, connecting their foreheads.
“No what ?”
“It wouldn’t be bad.”
“He’s still orgasm free ? ”
He lies Castiel on the bed and removes his clothes, settling between his thighs to dive into his pussy. His hands don’t leave the baby bump, stroking the hard skin. Castiel moans as his clit is sucked and his slit prodded by a clever tongue.
Getting in college had been a relief. It was heaven to be away from his father and for the first time, he had a space on his own, where no one could barge in unannounced. Like, say, a little brother named Gabriel busting the door open when he was shaving his genitals. Ugh.
Lucifer graces the alpha with a nod and his cock is engulfed in a tight, warm ass.  There’s already another alpha replacing the two who leave his hole empty. The blond alpha rides him, clenching around his length and rolling his hips. Lucifer cums in him, then rolls them over to pound him into the ground, while the alpha in his ass follows, plastering his chest to his back. He bites in a meaty shoulder when he cums, cock pulsing inside the tight heat.
“You have no idea how long I’ve dreamt of having you. But you don’t want me, do you ?” He only arches an eyebrow at her.
“It keeps warm. You got sick because you were still in a T-shirt in December.”
Sam slides a hand between Lucifer’s belly and the bed, taking his dick in hand and squeezes his swelling knot until he’s cumming with a strangled moan, with Sam’s hand tightly wrapped around his knot.
Lucifer smirks and licks Sam’s mouth.
John strokes his limp dick again, squeezing the soft flesh, that stays unresponsive. Then he grabs Castiel’s hips and manhandles him up and down his cock, slowly then faster.
The stranger shifted on the bed, his eyes sweeping the room.
“I know. Sorry.”
Sam curls his hands on his hip bones and thrusts into him, meeting him halfway. Lucifer rides him with abandon, beautiful with his hair all tangled and sticking out in every direction, eyes gone dark with pleasure. He wants to kiss him but he’ll wait. For there’s a hand carefully wrapping around his throat.
Lucifer pouts. Nick bursts in laughter.
“I’m keeping those though.” Lucifer’s voice comes out muffled. “I feel pretty and powerful, I love it.”
“Oh Sam, you are good at this. It’s good to know that those fingers are more than book holders. Come on, fuck me. “
Her ex-boyfriend is currently getting kissed by his new husband, getting praises for everyone. She’s glad he found the right person. She doesn’t have to like the guy. (She doesn’t hate him, but Dean has a way to get on her nerves. He’s lucky that Castiel is such a sweetheart because otherwise …)
Lilith/Lucifer
cum play, slut shaming, dom/sub dynamic
trans man Lucifer, cunnilingus
Hot Tall Boyfriend pets his hair and removes the gun, stroking his ass.
“Dean. If you want to use that kind of thing, it’s fine.”
She does it again of course. Her little clit is spasming every time, and it’s so cute she wants to do that all day long. Kelly is a sobbing mess when she stops and turns the egg off.
“So you met Nick. He’s my twin brother. Obviously. He didn’t say what you looked like, I would have known ! I do remember you Sam, very very good shag. Top quality cock.”
“Really ?”
“Numbing cream. What do you say, slut?”
The first time they kissed, he felt shaken. It was good. She felt safe. He rarely felt safe. She pushed past his walls and even if it doesn’t come naturally to him, he opens up to her, slowly.
His balls are getting fondled by an expert hand while his cock is engulfed in a warm and wet suction. He’s the only person to have ever managed to take him to the root (Lucifer still brags about it, because he loves to brag). His hips are bucking, encouraged by two hands gripping his ass. He’s pretty sure Lucifer lives on people’s fear of him and Sam’s praises, because
Today is no exception. He has just the right way to squeeze the base of his dick and stop his orgasm.
“Oh,I don’t want to bother you. I have to…well, see my options. But I’ll get out of your hair soon.”
cum play, slut shaming, dom/sub dynamic
“Lie down.”
The description rings a bell, to be honest, because she’s not the only one to say that of Gadreel. He does have a way to be that is quite stiff.
He loses track of time, aroused and frustrated. Then the flat gets silent.
He sighs happily, sinking down on the length. The slide is easy. Castiel helps him to ride him, hands on his hips and mouth in his nipples. His hole is doing squelching sounds, both from lube and Benny’s cum.
She focuses on her clit for a while, alternating suction and licking, then she dives into the wet slit, tracing the inner lips with the tip of her to give before plunging it right into it. Her chin is getting wet and she loves it. Kelly is beginning to rub herself against her tongue. She licks deeper, two fingers coming to rub at the hard clit in circles.
“Thank you alpha. Thank you for letting alpha’s fucktoy cum.”
“Sorry, I don’t remember.” He looks really sorry and he’s looking at Sam like he’s trying really hard to remember. “What happened ? ”
23/A/b/o dynamic
. A position that always came naturally to him. Sam kisses a line along his spine, his mouth settling on his rim.
John Winchester/Castiel
“You ready Cas ?” Dean asks in a low voice. Castiel nods and presses on the little ball in is hand that makes a squeaking noise. His safeword. “Good. Have a good night, angel.”
Hundred of years spent in Heaven, hiding his hears ignoring his needs and being told that sex was beneath angels. What a load of bullshit.
Sam wraps an arm around him and goes for it. He feels the orgasm creeping up and it’s frustrating, but he can’t help it. He doesn’t usually cum just from penetration. Thankfully, Sam doesn’t last any longer than him, so at least, he can’t taunt him on this.
She takes her time to tease her, kissing her chastely on the lips, avoiding her slit. Then she slowly licks across her clit, making Kelly gasp and bury a hand in her hair. She kisses it and wets it before sucking lightly. Kelly moans, putting her free hand in her own mouth.
“Cas. That was…fuck !”
“Me too.”
He clenches around the bottle, wondering how Hot Tall Guy’s dick looks like. Is it proportional ? Is it small and cute ? Is he cut ? He probably trims. Or shaves ? He wants to know the sound of his balls hitting his ass.
He’s writhing on the bed, breathing hard and tearing up.
multiple orgasm, blowjob, anal sex
“Please, alpha, I need you.” He lowers his voice, adding that sweet begging tone that omegas are taught as soon as they are born.
Sam rolls his eyes and picks him up. He walks to his room and drops him on the bed before going through his drawer.
He drags his thumb over her clit and slides two fingers in her. He knows she likes it that way and he does his best. He mouths at her beasts, pressing his lips on the soft flesh, while he pulls his fingers in her, making her moan sweetly.
They set a slow rhythm, trading soft kisses. Dean hugs the angel tight, nose in his hair. Castiel doesn’t need to be an angel to know he’s hiding how his eyes are watering. He gets like that sometimes, when Castiel is too soft with him. He was afraid he had broken him the first time. Now he’s glad to be allowed to witness that.
“I don’t want to spoil him, but I let him cum a few times a month. You’re cumming today, omega, say thank you to Benny.”
He was excited to see the priest and the church. He liked human’s places of cult, radiating holiness and love for God. He hoped this one wasn’t corrupted.
He would have been appalled by such a behavior usually. But something in him had completely fallen for the rough man and he had submitted like he had never did to anyone, blowing him in the kitchen.
He removes the dildo, watching how much it stretched Dean. It’s a good look on him, his hole open and winking from the aftershocks of orgasm. Dean happily nuzzles his thigh.
Someone sits on the bed next to his head and a hand comes to his comb through his hair.
“Why Sam, if that’s what you wanted, you only had to ask.”
Noah gave him some clothes and told him to make himself comfortable in his room. He had inherited a big house, which allowed him to take in some patients when it was needed. There was no one at the moment, and even with Castiel, there was still a room left free. The doctor asked him if he could cook, and he was a bit surprised to see how much Castiel seemed lost in a kitchen.
Heyheyheh, I was late, but I caught up ! (It's midnight but well... Still counts !)
He nods, clutching John’s arm. Dean has no idea of this. He and his father barely tolerate each other, and he’s always venting about him to Castiel. He apologized when he introduced him. And Castiel understands why. John is the heartless, commanding bastard Dean told him about. But he’s also hot. And as much as it hurts to admit it, John sexually satisfies him more than his son. He doesn’t know if it’s just his way or if it’s because of the thrill of cheating, and with such a man, but it’s too good to stop.
He’s so close that he can almost touch him. The room is quiet, only disrupted by the rustle of the sheets. Castiel can’t keep his eyes closed, taking in the darkness around them. He can hear his heartbeat pounding in his head. He turns on his back, his hands stroking the soft sheets. Dean doesn’t seem asleep yet, but he’s not moving. He hopes he’s not disturbing him.
He doesn’t know Hot Tall Guy’s name. He has long brown hair, is always wearing flannel (it's dreadful, but his hotness gives him a free pass) and usually has a serious and focused face unless he’s smiling, making his dimples appear. Lucifer wants to eat him up and climb him like a tree.
“Yeah same. But you better put that dick in me or I’ll annoy you to insanity. ”
Sam has been distracted lately, as everyone noticed. He’s distracted at work, he’s distracted with his brother. Dean snapped and asked him what was going on but Sam kept his secret.
“Can I talk to you ? “ Sam asks.
Destiel
“You could let them alone. It’s not your job.” Charlie points out.
“That’s nice, really, but are you gonna fuck me now ? “ Lucifer pants after a while.
“Alpha…”
The cuffs are cold and unyielding around his wrists and ankles. He can’t access his powers, his body almost human, leaving him weak and defenseless. He was too confident, taking Lilith’s help for granted. He should have known better. She may be a demon but she’s still human. Demons are humans, after all. He should know, he made them. And yet.
She presses a light kiss on the top of his dicklit, a chaste kiss, with her lips closed. It pulls a groan out of him and he screws his eyes shut. She waits until he reopens his eyes to give him a questioning look.
“You’re my favourite Sam. No one else fucks me this good.” Lucifer purrs in his ear.
“We were in the field.  And suddenly, there was a noise. Like woosh ! Boom ! We took a look and he was there, lying on the road to the village. ”
He drops to his knees, pressing his nose in the crook of Lucifer’s thigh, kissing the hot skin. He nuzzles his thighs, his lips dragging against the smooth skin. The blond moans when he sucks a hickey there.
“You caused quite the uproar yesterday. How did you get here ? ”
Top!Sam / Bottom! Lucifer
“I’m alone this week. I’m gonna need a hole to fuck, so I’ll be coming back. You should prepare yourself, because I’m not gonna do it. ”
“In here.”
“You’re a horrible woman.”
She pants against her shoulder, feeling light-headed.
She can’t get enough of Lilith and the way she sucks on her tongue and bites her lower lip. Of her open-mouth kisses when she’s close to orgasm.
His last patient was Zachariah, a librarian who had chronic respiratory issues. He often forgot to wear a piece of fabric around his face when he went trough old dusty books, which didn’t help. He liked to go on rants about the decadent youth and the coming Apocalyspe.
He arches his back, wiggling his ass.
They both hold him when he climaxes, his body shaking between them.
Yes. He’s exactly like he remembers. Chatty, molding himself to Sam and talking about sex like he’s talking about what he ate at lunch.
Incest (consensual between adults)
“Why, why, Sam ? Do you hate me so much ?”
Lucifer/Kelly
“You’re welcome here anytime. If you ever have some time, maybe you could help me with lectures.”
“Shut up.” Lucifer groans. “Sam ?”
Today, there’s a nice bottle inside of him, almost round, filled with water. A bottle of perfume he found by chance one day. It’s big enough that he feels it but not too much. It’s safely wrapped into a condom so he can retrieve it later.
Lucifer arches an eyebrow, and closes his eyes with a gasp when Sam nibbles on his neck, his body pressed against him. The angel can’t help his hips moving, grinding against the solid warmth he’s offered.
“Please !”
“Wanna take a walk ? There’s a garden with beautiful dahlias over there.”
He knew, yes, maybe. He had hoped at least. But it was still something to hear the words from Castiel
It takes her a moment to realize that she’s being talked to. She flushes.
“Oh yes, love how you get harder and bigger when I do that. You like it, right ? Good boy, letting me choke you.” He kisses his jaw, peppering kisses on his open mouth. “I could kill you and you’d let me. Just so I can have a better orgasm.”
Castiel/OMCs + Destiel
I use AFAB terminology most of the time because it's what I'm comfortable with but in this Lucifer is binary trans man. It's not the main subject.
