Mycroft doesn’t seem convinced. “Perhaps.”
John says it as a general remark, but Sherlock suddenly wants it, badly, to have her here. John, too. To have them all close. “Yes.”
John stays there for only a moment, then pulls out.
If he weren’t absolutely certain that sex is not harmful for his child he would never engage in it, of course. But the doctor assured him, and everything he read seems to agree on the matter as well. It is safe.
“...You can ask questions,” Mike reminds Sherlock with an indulgent tone.
Sherlock has known that John wanted sex from him for a long time. He deduced it on that very first night. He turned him down, then.
Except, of course, the big one. John feels weird even thinking about it because they’re not that, obviously. Sherlock isn’t his
John can feel the breath leave him.
Mycroft is on bed rest. He sits in bed at home, propped up against some pillows, his laptop resting on his legs.
Molly immediately reaches over and hugs Soo Lin, and John can hear her whisper, “I’m so sorry.”
He should feel exposed, he thinks, with Sherlock watching, but it feels comfortable instead. As if they’ve done this before. His cock pulses happily when he takes it in his hand.
But he can help with that, can’t he? As an answer, Sherlock sits next to Mycroft and does his best to bond to him. Maybe some of the hormones will spill over. At least one of them has some use for them.
Sherlock lights the cigarette. It’s his last one.
He texts Mycroft, “Got a sad cake to celebrate my last day. Hurray! JW”
said anything about a name. The baby’s hospital bracelet reads, “Baby boy Holmes, beta” but nothing more.
John’s face falls.
Sherlock doesn’t hesitate. “We need to.”
“No! I...” Molly takes a shaking breath. She seems to realise that she is too poor of a liar for this and looks at him imploringly. “
Sherlock pays the waitress and they go home, but John feels oddly turned inside out, having said all of that out loud.
They both laugh at it all the way to the arrest. Even once they’re home, Sherlock can still feel himself smiling.
Ah. That painting is not as trite as Sherlock had imagined, at least. He is rather fond of Goya’s later works.
John says, “I told him we wouldn’t open them until today.”
It’s busy, and John’s being dragged along into the rush of people trying to pick up just that one thing or other for dinner. He doesn’t even know which aisle he’s in, just that he is shuffling around a screaming toddler and then a group of tourists with carry-ons gaping at the jam, when his eye falls on a packet of biscuits. Digestives, blue wrapper.
Mycroft sighs, deeply. “Yes. My room had one, too.”
He’s still learning to live with the idea, that he’s the person who asked
He’s not certain if this pregnancy has been easier so far than the one with Violet, or if he has simply lowered his expectations of what he will be able to accomplish in these weeks. He is sick nearly every morning. He feels faint. He responds badly to certain smells, has to excuse himself from several situations at work, and miss some important gatherings, too. But he doesn’t go so far as to faint.
Sherlock tries to see whether John is hard. John follows his eyes and says, sounding resigned, “Sorry.” And then, “You want me to go upstairs and...?”
But not yet. He leans against Sherlock’s shoulder and kisses the skin there. Lazily. Softly. Sherlock’s hands grip John just as tightly.
John takes Violet back, then on impulse stops in a bakery on the way, smiling a bit. It’s a special date. Or well, he missed it, but John remembers Mycroft’s face at the biscuits – he’ll probably appreciate this, too.
Mycroft blinks. And then takes a seat on the sofa, partly out of astonishment that Sherlock even raised the topic, and partly because he can deduce what this is about. John, plainly. After a moment, Mycroft says, awkwardly, “...And why are we mentioning this?”
Sherlock gives them a small smile, then shifts William to lean against his shoulder so he can burp.
“No.” Sherlock feels excitement and a certain level of apprehension for things that might go wrong, but he’s not
Without thinking about why, John traces Sherlock’s back. First up, past his shoulder blades, his neck, then down, to his lower back. John touches the side of Sherlock’s hip, then his stomach. Then up again, around his back.
Sherlock catches John’s smile from the corner of his eye. Ah. John is pleased for him.
“Is she… Is she okay? Right now I mean? It’s just, I can’t stop thinking…”
John takes the ring out of Sherlock’s hand with his bare fingers – he could contaminate the evidence! Sherlock would protest, but John says, “Sherlock...”
Next is an abscess he needs to drain, a toenail with fungus, and then his last patient at ten to six is entirely unremarkable, a fragile thirteen year old omega who needs a blood draw to check for Crohn’s Disease. John draws the vials of blood, sticks a bandage on there, and sends her out. Then he takes off his gloves, washes his hands, hangs his white coat up, and that’s it.
But when he checks his phone, Mycroft sees a message from Father. He listens to it, dutifully.
Sherlock can feel the lie on his tongue, and it’s not a full lie,
“It is, actually.” John’s legs are curved more naturally now, and the muscle is supported.
John would have thought that was funny, once.
Mycroft returns to work immediately after the post-wedding brunch.
John coughs and says, “Well, then.”
It is not Mrs. Hudson alone who has given Violet a passion for terrible music, it is Sherlock as well. Sherlock, to Mycroft’s mild surprise, is absolutely capable of having
again. He thinks on it for a while, fluttering between those words and calmly waiting for the hour to be over.
vote is for Sherlock.”
Sherlock rises, and goes to sit next to him on the sofa feeling as if he is in a dream of sorts. He reaches out his hand, and touches John’s nape.
Sherlock, feeling a bit desperate for the moment not to be gone, for it to stay like this forever, puts a hand on John’s knee. John puts his own hand over it, and keeps it there.
Sherlock had been prepared for it, but it still hurts to hear. He’d thought that maybe John would be happy with just…
“Yes. At various facilities.” The words crawl out of his chest like ants, but Sherlock speaks them regardless. “I overdosed multiple times. I attempted suicide, as well.”
Sherlock is a lot less hesitant this time, all tongue and hurry. It’s obvious he’s not sure what he’s doing though, he’s still awkward. So John smiles, and tries to slow it down a bit. When Sherlock doesn’t want to, and kisses him even harder, John leans back, puts a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and says, “Slower, okay?”
When Mycroft walks into 221b John says, while quickly wiping the living room table, “Can you hide some of Violet’s toys?”
“You are a carrier for Cystic Fybrosis.”
John’s not sure what to say.
“I’ve noticed.” John grumbles, but he is laughing at the same time. He seems to know it for the apology it is.
It’s weird to hear Sherlock mention Rosie. It’s not like John hasn’t thought of her, it’s just that the competition seems much more immediate. He says, “She’s eighteen months old. She can’t get into the wardrobe, and I store the bullets separately.”
“Dead, probably. Safer that way.”
“No... right.” John breathes out. “But you liked it? Doing it?” John is asking carefully.
When John and Sherlock are waltzing around the living room early the next morning, both in their pyjamas - John can just about keep track of the music now - Sherlock tries asking John. “Am I a romantic?”
Sherlock shrugs. “There’s probably a limit somewhere, but if we need more he’d get it.”
Sherlock doesn’t say it. “If she does anything, I’ll wake you up.”
John follows as well, questions clear in his eyes, but he doesn’t say a thing.
John’s eyes are glittering. “All right, yeah. Simple, a good place to start.”
Then lets go.
He follows the two of them up the stairs, feeling a faint, hollow ringing in his head. He might have a fever. The stairs seem high, and getting to the top of them means quite the effort. Mycroft makes it upstairs. He takes a few steps, but then holds onto the doorway, suddenly feeling a wave of dizziness.
He holds on to the curtain rail and steps out of the bath, careful not to put his full weight on his leg, then wipes the condensation off the mirror to see his own mottled reflection.
When they exit the vehicle, Sherlock briefly keeps pace right behind John to ascertain his limp and his level of discomfort. Despite the clear pain he feels, John seems to be satisfied. He even turns around to tell him, “Told you one of us would win.” John hurries to get out of the rain. “I’m getting that story tonight!”
“I am aware.” Mycroft’s expression softens for a moment. But then the habitual frown reappears. “However, John didn’t know where you were, Inspector Lestrade lost track of you, and neither were confident that you weren’t abducted or otherwise in danger. Hence me having to leave a very productive meeting to scan the city for you.” He sighs. “Really, Sherlock, how about checking your phone?”
Sherlock wonders if John is having second thoughts about the rest, too.
Sherlock, wanting to show him, puts a hand between John’s legs. He’s not fully hard, but the fabric of his pants is tight, and John moves in his grip.
would even want a kid. Let alone deign to carry one himself.
It hurts. It bloody hurts.
It is enough to slightly startle Mycroft, and he does not say what he was going to say next. Instead, Mycroft looks Sherlock over. He seems tired. He is holding Violet closely. He looks as if he does not want to be here at all.
Sherlock can feel his stomach turn in fear, and he doesn’t let John speak. “No.” He says it fast and breathless, his penis already painfully aroused at the thought. He touches it, wonders if he could get off with John right here. Surely that would be okay, or no - his hand doesn’t listen, he pumps himself.
Sherlock is not hungry in the least. But if they must sit in the restaurant, then he supposes sitting there with John might make it bearable. He shrugs. “Nutrients of some kind.”
Sherlock opens the door to the car, unstraps Violet from his chest and puts her into the car seat.
“I do, yeah.” John traces Sherlock’s hipbones and his hot, sweaty stomach down to where his erection is. John can’t get his hand on it but Sherlock opens his trouser buttons for him, one after the other, then pushes his pants out of the way. John gets to see Sherlock’s cock bounce up, red and hard. John can
It was the only reason he lived on.
He is going to leave. John is going to leave. Sherlock always knew that he would, so it shouldn’t be a surprise. This is all he had of John, not even a year. Still, it was a lot. He was happy, or very close to it, to have this. Sherlock says, already knowing that it won’t be enough, “We can take more cases.”
Mycroft says, “I started the injections this Monday.” To get his hormone levels up for implantation - Sherlock read about it, It’s much more invasive than he had imagined.
As soon as Violet sees him, though, she yells excitedly. John takes her from Mycroft, gives her a kiss, and then lets her down, and keeps a hold of her hand.
“Yes.”
All through this, Mycroft had thought that this would be a matter of keeping the children safe and raising them between Baker Street and his own house. But Mycroft had assumed that their bond and mutual closeness would only exist behind closed doors. Mycroft had allowed some knowledge to John and Sherlock’s closest friends, but how can they be a family in public? How can people know that these are
Soo Lin comments, “You know her work well.”
Sherlock leans back onto the sofa again - his body all pale muscle and bone - and presents his arse.
Violet is lying on the sofa with her head in Mrs. Hudson’s lap. There’s a flush high on her cheeks, and she’s curling one hand by her ear. Her bare feet – she got rid of most of her clothes one way or another through the evening – are kicking Lestrade’s thigh as she struggles not to fall asleep.
Mycroft does not know if John does. He can never guess the boundaries that John seems to navigate so naturally.
Instead, Mycroft feels as if he is looking at his life from far away. Through a mist, of sorts.
John must have seen his confusion, because he goes on, amused, “Did you delete how?” He laughs. “I can teach you, too.”
called him, once the immediate gratitude of sexual satisfaction disappeared. It is entirely irrational to believe that this would be any different. Sherlock is a freak. He is despised by anyone who gets to know him.
John laughs at his sincerity. “Yeah, I got that. Eventually.”
Sherlock thinks about sticking his nose there. Of smelling John that closely, breathing him in until there is nothing else in the world left. He presses down on the surge of emotion that brings.
“Mycroft’s…”
Mycroft can barely speak anymore. He nods.
Sherlock steps under the spray and watches the water circle the drain.
To be honest, it was a bit boring. But she’s nice enough, she likes to cuddle and hold him close. She went down on him, too. She used a bit too much teeth and didn’t take him deep enough, but beggars can’t be choosers. John preferred fucking her. To move inside of her. To close his eyes, and just feel it.
Why did he not give William everything he possibly could?
To do good by him.
Irene steps down from the podium, reaches out a hand, and says, “Congratulations!” Mike follows her, then Jim, Sherlock by his side, Janine’s there - John tries to stand, he nods and smiles and replies even though he has no idea what to say.
John wakes up in the morning still wearing yesterday’s clothes.
John nods out of habit, before he realises, “Not in the army anymore.”
Mycroft enjoys this last trace of laughter. It is rare, and it will be even more so after they have spoken about this, he assumes. “Can I offer you a drink?”
But when Sherlock sees Mycroft pulling himself up the stairs, struggling to get up out of a chair, or looking pale and drawn in pain and sleeplessness, Sherlock finds it hard to feel anything like anger towards him.
“No, go away.” Sherlock closes the door on her. He is certain that word of his undressed state will find its way back to Mycroft, but he cannot bring himself to care.
The next day, Sherlock starts off with a hesitant, “What sort of wedding would you like, John?”
John wakes up hard nearly every morning. He can feel it when the water hits him just right in the shower, when his dressing gown rubs against him. At work, too. It’s starting to feel like an especially memorable week at uni when he was sitting next to... well, he forgets her name, only that there was a mini-skirt involved. She allowed him to slowly trace his fingers on the inside of her thigh during a boring lecture, and he fingered her, slow, afterwards being too hard to stand up for long, long minutes.
It’s not the sex he’s missing – John’s not in the mood for that right now, either. It’s everything else. John got used to lying in bed with Mycroft. The casual fun of it. The texting, the joking, he’d thought…
Down the hall, John opens the door for himself this time, and Mycroft looks up. “John? Did you forget something?”
He dresses in a full suit for the first time in days. He has been frequenting a tailor who specialises in pregnant omegas, and there are small elastic panels added to his trousers and the sides of his waistcoat, but he is surprised to feel that they have become tight in the last week. She must be growing then.
“You will be in pain for days to come if you continue doing this.” Sherlock knows he is right.
“Yeah, no need to put it on.” John laughs, but he looks at him with a small wrinkle between his eyebrows that Sherlock intensely wants to smooth away.
He closes the door behind him with a rather satisfying thud.
Mycroft and Sherlock in that bed. John can’t look at it, but he can’t look away, either.
Violet is crying now, too. She’s leaning onto Mycroft’s chest, and hiding her face into his collar. William has woken up and is complaining, and Sherlock is rocking him slightly to calm him down.
He invited John here, tonight.
He’s got a plan.
The rest of the week goes that way. John traded shifts with his colleagues in order to come on the case, so it’s only normal that he’s busy. It’s only normal that he’s quiet, too, but Sherlock can feel a niggle of doubt distracting him. Did John not like the case?
“You sure?” Greg asks with a grin.
John sits up slowly. He seems amused, and when Mycroft looks at him the cause is embarrassingly clear - there are white stripes of ejaculate all over the side of his face, dripping off his cheek. There is even some in his hair.
John seems to know that he’s underplaying it. “It’s just that, I wonder if you…” John smiles his ‘I’m a bit embarrassed to say this’ smile. “Would you give it a try, with me? Some time?”
John lowers his head in his hands, and he’s not sure if he wants to cry or scream or giggle, so he kind of gasps for breath.
Then dinner, an art show, and a series of hotel rooms he doesn’t remember much about except swallowing or injecting anything he was offered - GHB, Mephedrone, Meth - and Jim’s hands around his neck. There were other men, too. Beds crowded with bodies, smelling like sour sweat, dried come, and stale cigarettes.
A very long time, actually.
Mycroft breathes, and tries to control the wave of unevenness. “My apologies.”
John thinks about it. “I’m surprised that he agreed to sleep here, really.” Mycroft did look exhausted. So is John after having Violet over since yesterday afternoon. He’s not sure how Mycroft does it, really. On very little sleep, he assumes. “You’d think it wouldn’t be posh enough for him.”
Sherlock goes on, and John listens to the tone of Sherlock’s voice, watches the light in Sherlock’s eyes, and he doesn’t doubt it - Sherlock is the man of his life, too. John has always known that. It was just the
He recognises John at least - John can see that in his eyes. Sherlock’s got a high flush all the way over his cheeks where his face is pushed into the sofa cushions. He even
John giggles.
John waits until the other contestants have headed for the door. When he’s sure that the cameras are turned away and they’re recording the other contestants leaving, John lifts his chair, places it sideways on his tattoo bench, and tries to figure out how to lower the damn seat.
But Mycroft does seem tired. He’s not exactly glowing. He’s been irritable the last few times he saw him, too. Sherlock tries, “You’re unhappy?”
John looks at it. Yeah, that’ll be great. John pulls his trousers and pants down past his knees, sits his bare arse down on the desk, and spreads his legs, feeling rather smug. It’s the middle of the day, he’s in an office, with his cock out – what more could he possibly want?
“Let’s meet your canvasses.” A row of volunteers walk out, and Mike continues, “John, you won the illustrative blackwork flash challenge, so you now have the power to assign the canvasses. They are open to any design, but they have a location in mind where they want to be tattooed.”
“Sure.” John nods.
Sherlock isn’t sure. John waves one down anyway and asks the driver, “You a beta?”
“I apologise, Sherlock.” His words feel entirely useless.
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
They eat, and then John adds the finishing touches to his design. Soo Lin looks over the table. “It is beautiful, John.”
Sherlock tells him, “William has been asleep for around fifty minutes.” Mycroft nods.
The sixth of January. It feels like a date of importance in his mind, now, even though he is very aware that it is only the first attempt, and that there is but a small chance that it will work on the first try.
“No one?” Lestrade asks.
“I could, I believe…” He sounds out of breath.
His penis is hard and thick between his legs already, straining his trousers. Sherlock can see John look at it and swallow.
...right.
Sherlock tunes out the sounds of them trying to repeat the phrases with varying success. Their general attitude is not at all conductive to a quiet conversation with John, and he regrets sitting down here.
Mycroft nods. “Naturally.” Then, after a moment of thought, “Somewhat less, I went away to university when Sherlock was eleven.”
Going to the Arctic and hoping not to die from the cold – yeah, John could see that. “I found him online. We don’t speak. First time, I just fucked him and left.” John’s saying more than he ever has to her. The words are rolling over his tongue like sweets. “Two more men were waiting to fuck him, once I was done.”
Sherlock throws the Viagra out, only two pills used.
the same in here.
a standard. Sherlock prefers to tattoo large spaces of empty skin, of course. He generally refuses to do a piece if there is anything else tattooed in the vicinity of the skin he needs to work with, because it ruins the aesthetic of his designs. Still, it is a technical feat to design and execute a clean cover-up tattoo, so it is not entirely unforeseen that this would come up in the challenges.
Sherlock sounds like he’s about to run away after all, so John quickly tells him, “There’s a magazine here called ‘Omegas in Heat.’” He tries to sound like he’s joking. “‘Knots and Whips.’ Oh, and one that’s all fake breasts.”
Sometimes he still forgets about the touching. Actually, he forgets all the fucking time - John tries not to feel the familiar flicker of rejection. He should be used to it by now. He checks his phone, but Mycroft hasn’t replied yet.
Also, John was supposed to go over to Mara’s tonight. He takes his phone to text her, “Had some bad news. I’m staying here. Rain check?”
All of the clothing and nappies they bought will still be too large, now. Sherlock takes his phone, and googles ‘premature baby clothing’.
Eventually, Sherlock offers, when Violet is gone for the evening and they’re sitting together on the sofa watching TV, “Would you like to have sex?”
Sherlock nods, but it seems distant.
Sherlock clinks his glass to his. “To sleepless nights.” He looks so serious saying that, that John feels a squeeze of desire.
Mycroft reaches out, and the edge of the umbrella bounces between them as he touches the damp fabric of John’s shoulder to still him.
John laughs. “That’s what it takes to get you to scream?” He sounds pleased.
that he is back on the hormones, he can smell or taste or feel it - Mycroft has to hold back not to shout at him to not even say it.
Sherlock looks down at his trousers. They are not particularly posh, as John seems to think.
John manoeuvres his other hand between them, too. He finds Mycroft’s balls already drawn close to his body, then lets his fingers explore further. John looks at Mycroft to gauge whether he’s allowed to go there, but Mycroft’s eyes flutter closed. John traces between his arse cheeks and teases him a little, then fingers the edge of his arsehole, curiously feeling the wetness there. Jesus. He’s with
John blinks and takes an unconscious step back.
John is on the sofa, when Mycroft opens the door. He looks pale. Worn. John smiles at him. “You made it.”
Sherlock looks back at Lestrade. “Not a user?”
Sherlock opens his lips obediently. He can feel John’s face against his own. John’s breath. The tickle of John’s hair.
Until the moment that he runs out of it.
- and says, “We’re going to have to investigate that, then.”
John bursts out a laugh. “Yeah… yeah, I’d imagine not.”
Mycroft only comes in quickly to pick up Violet, and John works late, so Sherlock spends time on the new files again. John brings Thai food home, and the night is boring and normal.
And she, inexplicably, wraps her arms around him. She smells like a heavy, floral perfume. The skin of her arms feels loose and soft.
It doesn’t help. Sherlock can’t shake the feeling of unease in the flat, either. He regrets that he didn’t spend time with Violet now, because her scent would have settled him somewhat. Maybe he does need to bond with Mycroft, as John said. Maybe that’s it. Or maybe he’s close to a heat again?
They tend to lie together in silence afterwards as their child turns and kicks in Mycroft’s belly as a reminder of all they have, and all they will lose.
John doesn’t mind, really.
He calls Lestrade and begs to be let onto a case, then pays an impromptu visit to the morgue. The entire time he is there, Sherlock thinks of John and how he might have enjoyed this. How John would have laughed at every barbed comment of Sherlock’s, outwardly shocked, but in fact truly amused.
Mike unfolds his piece of paper and he raises his eyebrows. He looks at the paper again, reads it, then he looks directly at John. John can feel his stomach tense.
But what they had between them is gone.
Mycroft has never kept his distaste for the holiday a secret. He looks around and observes the unlit candles, the pinecones, fake plastic angels, and even a nativity scene. “Yes, this does seem rather…” He allows his face to show his unease. “
“The cat livers?” Right.
Mycroft is already lying flat on his bed, as he retired right after putting Violet to bed. He thinks about it, then sends, knowing that John will get a kick out of it, “I believe that this might be the time to use the cliché: ‘I hate you, John, you are never doing this to me again.’ MH”
But that’s not what John wants. John wants Sherlock Holmes, the detective, clever and admirable and wonderful, the best and wisest. So Sherlock pulls himself together, and grins. “Great case.”
Sherlock blinks. “I do care…”
Mycroft eyes him with some clear doubt.
He is in the second trimester of pregnancy now and that should be a comfort, but Mycroft finds it difficult to celebrate it yet. There is always the next step to be taken. The next check, the next sonogram, the next moment to confirm that this is real.
He should have seen it coming, probably. Sherlock never does anything half-way.
“Not my area.” Sherlock says it easily.
That night, at some undefined hour after feeding and nappies and heavy fatigue, Mycroft holds William.
John increases the pace, and Mycroft can clearly feel the wetness slicking his buttocks. John must be able to smell it. John moves in more, and for a moment, Mycroft has no choice but to pull back from John’s mouth because it is too much.
Then another lingering kiss. The heat builds between them. John detours to his neck, and Mycroft leans back and allows him the space.
“I know.” John holds his eye. He’s under no illusions here. But can deal with whatever it’ll be.
John winces.
Mycroft smiles as he hears it.
John turns in the bed. He’s hard from thinking about it. He should have wanked earlier.
John, too, seemed to love it.
Mycroft hesitates, and then takes a breath. “Also, I found out the sex.”
When Baker Street appears, Mycroft can see the curtains upstairs move. And by the time he has parked, gotten out of the car and collected a by now wide-awake Violet from her seat, Sherlock is there to take her, with John just steps behind him
Dr. Mehta lets him in. “Mr. Holmes. How are you feeling?”
Sherlock’s home. Sitting on the sofa, his knees pulled up, arms curled around them. It’s clear that he’s miserable, too.
John’s lips are tingling from that kiss. Mycroft’s looking a bit flushed. And god, John can’t stop smiling.
As always, he imagines the two of them here, in 221b.
“No, I’m just…” John sighs. “
“Yeah, sure.” John zips his jacket, and turns the collar up. It’s drizzling. John looks at Mycroft. “You feeling okay?”
The truth is that it has often been on the tip of his tongue.
“Well, I was up half of the night, wasn’t I?” John stands up with a quickly hidden wince of pain. “Bloody
Sherlock knocks on the door, and Mrs. Hudson smiles and takes Violet and makes high-pitched sounds at her, just as John would have expected. But Sherlock stays close by and then takes her back within five minutes, which he finds hilarious.
“I will put in more colour in the circle.” Sherlock looks up and smiles very briefly. “Making it appear as if ‘paint was splashed there’.”
“Um...” She looks up. “It says ‘Molly.’ Does that mean that I...?”
Sherlock counts the doors and opens the correct dressing room - only to meet Jim’s eyes in a large mirror.
He is already outside in the freezing cold when he realises it is the middle of the night.
There are a
He looks at Mycroft, and feels a shiver of tension.
It feels so very tiring to Sherlock sometimes.
Mycroft, after a soft inhale, says, “...Your hand. Please.”
They have yet to settle into any sort of routine again. The wedding meant that it was all rather frenzied, and their time together has felt restricted. Mycroft would rather take his time in undressing John and reconnecting with his body. Mycroft is aware that that means that John will want the same from him, and he has not yet felt entirely comfortable with that idea. But he will.
John sits on the bed and says, “Do you want to, um, the bonding thing?” Hesitantly, as if he’s not sure if that’s something that helps.
“This is very uniform throughout. It looks like an old illustration out of a classic textbook,” Mike says.
Mycroft thinks on it throughout the day. Sherlock’s face. His eyes. The sad thrum of his voice. It stings.
It feels as though Sherlock is absorbing every nuance of this man, every minute detail, every tremor and shiver.
Bainbridge and Janine join them as well. Bainbridge is enthusiastically saying, “Calder though, he took the idea of a kinetic sculpture to a whole new level.”
Right behind him is the nanny, holding William.
And now, there is light streaming through the window. John blearily looks at the alarm clock that Sherlock either turned off or forgot to turn on in the first place because it’s after ten in the morning. It’s also bizarrely,
The light shifts through the window and fades out. But Sherlock is still lying on the sofa, still pressing the thoughts away.
“Hm.” John has a look in the cupboard. In the bedroom, then on the stairs.
Nine years ago, Sherlock was struggling to be noticed in the London tattoo world. He was shooting up every night and tattooing every day, a man obsessed. So when Jim Moriarty sent him a message complimenting his work and hinting at them working together, Sherlock wanted it badly.
John says, “I can…”
for John, since John clearly wants to.
“A face, actually, I’ll show you the stencil.” John tries to focus on what he drew – in part guided by Sherlock – yesterday. It’s a woman’s face in side profile. Sherlock helped him with the edges of the neck and the hair.
Good? Is this good? It is
The next morning - on the day before the wedding - all three of them take a stroll to the park at Violet’s insistent request.
Mycroft puts his hand on his stomach to calm it and reads on, only for it to happen again a couple of minutes later. It is as if the baby is telling him to sleep. Or to pay attention to it. Neither of which he will do at this moment.
Sherlock can’t relax even when Violet’s gone, not when he can still feel the heated skin of her forehead under his fingertips, and hear her sad, whining cries. Eventually John sighs, and does something to his phone. Two minutes later he gets a text, and says, “Mycroft says that that last Calpol helped to get her fever down, and that she’s asleep now.”
Sherlock is fairly certain that means
Sherlock changes Violet into a swim nappy and a bright red swimsuit while John is undressing. Sherlock takes his own jacket off, then waits for John, and hands Violet over to him before undressing himself.
And the thing is, John’s seen battle. He’s seen field operations, amputations, gunshots - gruesome things. But he’s never seen his own child being born and slowly realised that it’s not breathing.
Sherlock blinks.
Mycroft will have his phone close all night.
Sherlock nods, but he still seems hesitant about something. “John…” He pauses.
But no, that’s not really... John turns to his side and presses his legs together. He spits in his palm, makes it wet and a bit dirty, and pulls himself off like that.
John asks him as they sit down, “You ever done this?”
“Bainbridge and John,” Soo Lin dictates.
John shares a look with Sherlock. He seems a bit pale, but he meets his eyes without hesitation.
They do arrest the gardener - who had been stealing for years, got caught, and decided to kill the woman before she could call the police. Sherlock got all of that from the state of her fingernails, apparently.
“Am I?” Sherlock is smiling. “I imagine that is prudent, getting rid of the competition.” He inhales slightly, then blows the smoke into John’s face on purpose.
Sherlock quickly puts Violet down on her feet, and picks various toys off the sofa. “Yes, here.”
Mycroft said, “He was in the Queen’s Head pub.”
Mycroft takes Violet home and ponders what it must be like to receive such a question. Mycroft never felt a need for marriage. The thought is entirely foreign to him and he does not wish for it. No, he can share in their joy.
Mike offers, out of nowhere, “He wrongfully accused me of murder, once. Sherlock.”
“I could show you.” Sherlock offers before he remembers that no one is interested in his database, not even the police unless they need him.
John walks through the long hospital corridor, Sherlock next to him. He has no idea whether that was all right, for Sherlock. Whether it registered as anything at all to him. John tries, “Well, that was fun.”
Sherlock asks, “Ready, John?” Mycroft takes Violet’s hand and looks at him, too. John shifts William in his arm, and considers them all standing there. The impossible. His
John takes a shaky breath, and smiles. He unfastens the button of his trousers, and lowers the zip. Sherlock watches him anxiously. John pushes his trousers down as much as he can while sitting down, and then his pants. Sherlock sees a glimpse of him, and then John is bare, and his cock is right there.
"I don't know."
"Now!"
"What's that about?" Mycroft asked in actual surprise.
“Good boy,” John said softly. He quickly put away his paddle and took the detective’s hand. He led him over to the bed that resided in one corner of the playroom.
"Get it wet, I said!"
“Holmes!” a hand at the scruff of his neck dragged him back. A tight hand, tight enough to constrict his breathing if only slightly. “Rude and arrogant as ever.”
"Go two doors down on the left, boy," Greg ordered.
John was glad that the sub at least seemed to think on it before he nodded. Then, at the sound of the door, John handed Sherlock the crutches. "Come on, pet."
“Explain.”
“I know what you mean, sir. Sentences are a bit beyond me too at the present time.”
“Yes, sir,” he choked and then he went flexible, gripping onto his Dom tightly and wrapping his arms around his neck.
Mycroft glanced down in concern, but John had reached the pair of them and stepped in before he could say or do anything.
Sherlock didn't like the look of it one bit. He began thrashing and whimpering his protests. Mycroft grazed his teeth along his brother's cock and he stilled instantly.
. 8.46MB
Sherlock realised then that he must have been good. That was the second time John had called him pet. The more he was called pet, the better.
"Sir?" Sherlock's head snapped up from where he had been quite content leaning on the Dom.
Sherlock kicked his right foot when the Superintendent flicked the peg off and growled.
“I might not get a tally tomorrow, sir.”
It was almost as if Sherlock had gone into shock. He just stood there, blinking, then a tremor set in.
“Sir-”
"Ha! Yeah, you do. He's in one of his moods." Greg came over and started helping.
“Could you ring my phone, mate? I've seemed to have misplaced it.”
Rolling his eyes, John bent over and threw Sherlock over his shoulder, he carried him all the way back to the sitting room. Sherlock was about to renew his struggling, the last thing he needed was to be dumped on the floor at Mycroft’s feet like some trussed up slave. But instead, John dumped him on his knees outside the door and poked his head into the living room, keeping one hand in the brat’s curls. Mycroft seemed content reading from a file.
Mycroft merely raised an eyebrow in acknowledgement. His expression also managed to convey his contempt for the whole situation.
The first thing he noticed when the door was open was the empty hall, the second thing he noticed was his sub's leash hanging from the banister; no Sherlock attached to the other end. He untied it, wrapped it around his hand and shoved it in his pocket.
“Yes. But not for what you think. It’s on Mycroft’s orders.”
Sherlock finally stood away from the DI, he shouldn’t have let himself get drawn into the authority that Greg seemed to radiate, yes he was a Dom, but he wasn’t his Dom. He let his eyes get drawn to the card folder in the older man’s hands. “Where?” he asked, not bothering to elaborate, he knew him well enough that he wouldn’t need to, he feared if he spoke anymore he’d say something he would regret and then he would tell his Dom. That would put him in a whole heap of trouble and would not put him in a good mood to let him work on a case.
” She grins. “It means ‘May the devil make a ladder of your backbone while picking apples in the garden of Hell.’”
A self-imposed distance.
. It’s where Sherlock had imagined it – when, why did he ever think of this? What had he hoped for? Not this, this appalling closeness. No one should ever fantasise about this.
“No.” Maybe it’d be easier if he was, John thinks. If it had all been some late in life revelation. “It’s… both. For me. I like both. Always have.”
again, something that fills him up with joy and colour and danger, something that feels like it’s really Sherlock by his side, like he’s really back, like none of it ever happened.
“We know the odds.”
Janine takes a breath to defend herself, but Mike diverts quickly, “Molly! Let’s look at your work.”
Sherlock almost laughs - or cries. He’s not sure. If John would know what he’d do to either of them right now, he’d never speak to him again. If Mycroft did, he’d never let him bond again. Sherlock’s erection is swollen at the promise of violence alone. He wants to
There are thirteen, Sherlock knows. His eyes linger on the designs for a moment, until Jim catches him at it and grins.
He’s not getting laid at all.
Mycroft’s visibly pregnant now – there is a curve under his waistcoat. The buttons are straining when he leans back in his seat. Sherlock has a barb about Mycroft’s weight on the tip of his tongue,
He starts off with a long and painful note, dragging the room along with him into the aching sadness of those first weeks when John was back. Sherlock relives how much he tried, how much he
John catches Sherlock’s wince and suppresses a smile. Yeah, it’s a bit cheesy, the way they announce these things.
As they hail a cab, Sherlock briefly misses the sensation of the straps of William’s sling around his shoulders - Sherlock likes the weight of him. The closeness as well. But John seems eager for a case, and it makes Sherlock feel a similar shot of excitement. It has been too long since they did this.
Sherlock’s words didn’t disturb him much at the time, but in the next few days, Mycroft can feel them return.
All the way into the starters, John thinks that there’s going to be a suspect eating somewhere. Or that there’s something in the food. Or that there’s some reason, any reason related to work, why they’re here.
Sherlock can’t find the words to respond. He can feel John’s hand on his back, but he is rooted to the spot. The omega looks at him with bright red lips, a flush on his cheeks, and Sherlock wants to turn him around and…
John points at the door. Violet looks, and then as Mycroft walks through, his face in his habitual scowl, Violet screeches, “Fah!” and raises her arms up.
His client leaves, and John cleans off his work space. He’s not sure what to do with all of his machine parts. The pile of tissues and cling film goes in the bin, but his inks – does he need to pack them already and get his suitcase ready? There will be enough time after, won’t there?
He left the hospital as soon as possible. Both because of the discomfort of spending one more minute in that cramped space, and for the memory of it. The bite mark on the back of his neck still feels tender to the touch.
Sherlock is hopeful for a moment that Molly picked another psychopath, because that’s been ages.
Sherlock urgently puts his hand on himself and starts pulling himself off, fast. John swallows heavily, his chest thudding just watching this. Sherlock’s eyes widen, his hand falters, John squeezes his arse and he gasps, then…
When it ends, they get up and lead the way, everyone else filing out after them one row at a time.
But it’s not going to be enough forever, is it?
John tried to watch that show once and gave up after ten minutes. He doesn’t like Jim much, nor his flashy tattooing. He is in a full dress suit though - John’s starting to feel a bit underdressed.
Download from
“Pet, what on earth have you got to be sorry about?” John cupped his cheek even though he pulled away.
If you do not like a submissive Sherlock story, why read a story based on submissive Sherlock?
As soon as his little sister had turned his back on him, Mycroft sneered at her.
This time, the sub obeyed and settled back on his heels.
"Yeah, theirs."
"He'll thank me for trying to keep you in one piece."
“No, pet, you know how this works.”
"What about Mycroft?"
John just let his eyebrow raise again and Greg ducked his head back to his shoulder.
John watched Sherlock then dry washed his face. It was like talking to a compliant polite wall. He wouldn't get anything out of the younger man until they were at home.
Both the Holmeses looked up when Sherlock was ushered back into the small room. He looked like he had been gut punched, but there was a great amount of anger showing as well.
Greg breathed into Mycroft's ear, "I know what you're hoping. You're hoping John and I will relent and take those cages off. Tell me, pet, what do you think the odds of that are?"
"Mistress, please, no more," Sherlock said, letting himself beg as he was sure she wanted to do.
"Mycroft. Morning." John waved to the bedside table. "Just set it there."
The guards had done what they were told and Mycroft’s feet were now chained to the floor as Irene whacked his cock with no repercussions.
Mycroft tried not to give it away and looked across the room in disgust.
Mycroft coughed as he was grabbed by the scruff of the neck and yanked backwards.
The officer nodded. “Yes, Sarge.” He took off at speed towards one of the waiting police cars.
The perfect behaviour would never last very long, and Sherlock soon got bored, but his tally didn’t start until John was putting him to bed. The grumbled argument had come when John had pulled the leash out of his pocket. He had demanded that he didn’t need to be chained to the wall, but John had just continued to put his tally up until he willingly allowed the Dom to hook it to his collar and then proceed to tie it to the wall.
"Yes, mistress."
“There’s no kisses, no ‘I love you’ just simple words, so it’s a gift. This phone is 5… 6 years old, about the same time you came home from Afghanistan, and I’m guessing when you met my brother and got into this line of work?”
“Almost, sir?” he didn’t like the sound of that, he had gotten something wrong!
The detective ducked away from that remark.
"You were 6 years old, Sherlock!"
"Ta, Mycroft," the doctor said as he took the two items. "Kneel up boy," he ordered.
"Lay down, boy," John ordered from the bed. He knew the brat was still on his knees, and a tired submissive would not make the following day easier to deal with.
Still, the younger man refused to respond, just being as difficult as possible, like normal.
“Lestrade, you won't be interviewing Holmes. It's too personal.”
Finn giggled. "Did you really?"
Sherlock dropped to his knees as he had been told.
"I didn't lead you on! I'm gay!"
Irene laughed again as a large trunk was carried in by three guards and placed on the floor between the two crosses.
Greg squeezed his boy's arm. "I don't know what you should say either, but he's your brother. It will come to you."
John nodded his agreement with a smirk and took the folder towards the den.
"How long until what?"
Sherlock took the boy by the hand and lead him, protesting, to the stairs to the spare room. He sat him on the bottom step. "You have to sit there for three minutes quietly. If you talk or make noise, I'll start the time over."
John played with the code for a while, making a point to change it to something completely random, even Sherlock couldn't predict random.
"Yes, mistress," he whispered.
That answer surprised the younger man, he'd expected at least one more run, if not two. “You're only making me run twice, sir?”
Sherlock was still glaring at the older man. "Bored," he tried to proclaim around his gag for no reason as he struggled slightly in his confines.
Sherlock watched him and ducked his head as much as the collar and muzzle would allow.
"Be polite." Irene spun around and crossed to Mycroft shocking him with a taser she removed from her black leather belt.
As it pulled up and he paid, John was at the door.
"It's horrible, Mycroft!" Sherlock claimed, smirking first.
John crossed to stand in front of his boyfriend and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
He nodded but then shrugged. “Well I did, but I was punished.”
She had an evil glint in her eye as she called out; “Oi, Freak, I want a word with the organ grinder, not the monkey. That’s you by the way,” she added.
John ignored him and within short order it was buckled to the bench, running perpendicular from his torso and soon enough his other wrist did the same. His feet quickly followed.
It was over an hour before John had rolled over and was snoring softly. Seeing as he couldn't do what he was told by sleeping, he could drop to his knees and look good for when John woke up.
"There's nothing to be upset over, Sherlock," he insisted.
Sherlock laughed. He couldn't stop laughing in fact. He glanced at his brother and smiled. For the first time ever, this weekend could be fun.
Mycroft wasn't surprised to be handcuffed, but the spreader bar came as a mild surprise.
John set a bowl filled with the waffle ingredients on the table in front of Finn and gave him a spoon. "You get that stirred up good whilst I get the waffle iron ready."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You're being ridiculous."
"Maybe you should sleep now. Sherlock isn't exactly going anywhere.
The detective glared at him… almost making things worse. When the Dom didn't react Sherlock closed his eyes. How embarrassing! He hadn't had to pee in front of his Dom since those first few days. That was awkward enough, but now? Now he knew the man.
He dived behind the boxes, tucking his knees up to his chest and making himself as small as possible. They passed him, unaware of his presence and he sighed in relief. He watched as all the soldiers dispersed in different directions and then crawled back to the door. He froze as he saw a bunch of men trying to shift the blue box on to a pallet. He managed to sneak into the room and hide, watching for nearly an hour until the pallet was raised up and taken from the room. He'd passed the point of following the Doctor, he chose to follow the box.
Greg shook his head. “No. We used to. Not sure why we stopped.”
Sherlock glanced at his Dom and nodded. "Yes, sir." He could tell him anything, but he wouldn't. Things were good as they were.
“Is in there. That can be the first thing, if you like.”
“Yes, sir.” It seemed to have come to the right conclusion.
"I can hear you, Gregory," Mycroft chided.
He couldn’t help but smile. He may be a bit of a brat when he forgot where he was and who he was with, but he did learn and that was what was important.
“Look, John’s getting mad,” Sherlock said with a snort. “Isn't it adorable.”
It went by too fast for him to read it, which was shocking in itself. Sherlock was an incredibly fast reader. Before he could complain, the data rate decreased to a more manageable speed.
Irene chucked the taser at the nearby guard and called out for Eurus when he dropped it.
John crossed to stand inside of his fiancé. "We really could elope, if that's what you want. The only thing that matters to me is you being happy."
Mycroft got to his feet and grabbed Irene by the throat, he shoved her back so she fell into the wall. "And I will do whatever it takes to protect him!" he hissed down at her.
"I'm still here? You don't need to stand there to guard me or whatever it is you think you're doing. I'm not leaving."
“I don’t know.”
“An hour-”
"On what exactly?" John took the time to pace around his kneeing sub. He was still unsure if letting him run free reign around the manor was a good idea, he was sure at some point the boy would find trouble, he had a habit of it after all.
"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir." Sherlock wiped the tears from his eyes, feeling nothing but gratitude.
What was happening? Since when had a sub rendered him speechless? And since when had he been so distracted by watching a sub move around the room graciously that he had done no work on schematics or plans at all?
Sherlock sighed with relief when the pounding stopped, but he didn't think to suck John's fingers.
John cleared his throat. “Er, pet.” His head was tilted on one side regarding him in a way that Sherlock correctly deduced as a warning.
"It's our wedding, babe" John said, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist. "We get to choose what Finn wears and what we wear as well. No one is hijacking our wedding from us."
Content the sub couldn’t dislodge it, he paced back to the wall. “So many to choose from.”
I hope you guys like this one, it's been a hell of a tough weak and if it wasn't for my beta, sherlockian4evr this wouldn't be being posted!
The hot tub was comfortably big for the 4 of them, so big in fact that if John reached his legs out, he couldn't touch the couple sat the other side. He could, however splash them with his feet, which he did.
The detective’s eyes flickered to his Dom and then to Greg. “Say that again.”
John didn’t bother trying to get Finn's input on bathing suits. He found a light blue one with dinosaurs on it and knew that it was the one. He also found a matching towel and got it.
"You know what I was doing," he growled, even as he went still. "Those cuffs are on far too tight."
"Your heart is not fickle."
Sherlock shook his head.
“Yeah, he just took off. He does that.”
"Oh babe," John sighed, softly reaching up to cup his cheek. "You must have been in a lot of pain."
Sherlock was trying his hardest to keep his breathing under control but Eurus shook him.
With a big pout, Sherlock went and dropped the fish back into the shallow waves.
Greg snorted very undignified. Shortly followed by John bursting out laughing, unable to control himself.
"No, sir," he croaked out.
John shook his head, “no. No arguments. You’ll write 1000 lines ‘I will not be rude to my landlady’ and they will be done before I consider letting you off punishment. You’ll also apologise to her. What else?”
"Nothing in particular, sir."
Sherlock watched her go, bemused. He cared for Mrs. Hudson, but that didn't mean he understood her. He looked back down at Finn when the little boy brought him two lego pieces that he couldn't make go together.
"And you aren't partaking in it. How can I trust you? Greg will go to his submissive for help, the case will get solved and you can go out to play on the next one. If I am guaranteed of your behaviour."
Their responses were on completely opposite sides of the scale. Mycroft looked furious, Eurus found it hilarious.
Before Sam even realised he had gone, Sherlock had disappeared into the undergrowth.
“John? Everything alright?” the government official’s tone had enough mixture of concern and irritance in it for John to know that he hadn’t been in contact with Sherlock in the last few hours.
The detective's heart sank and he felt faintly ill. "Mycie, what do I do?"
“What?” He repeated, eyes wide.
"Good," Mycroft hissed. "Now uncuff me!" He snapped.
John noticing the sub's glance at the door had further consequences for Sherlock. He shackled his feet together with about a foots leeway.
She shrugged. "He's not my worry."
"No, sir," Mycroft replied quickly.
“And?” He asked.
Greg screwed his eyes tightly shut. It was a unique yet familiar feeling. He quickly found his wrists cuffed behind him and he was pulled upright by the scruff of the neck. His arse clenched as the plug jerked into life.
John didn't know how much longer he could hold out. He glanced at his boy on the screen and saw the naughty sod struggling again.
“Yes, you were. Who to?”
Finn wriggled out of Sherlock’s grasp and ran into the living room, bored with the serious adult talk that was going on.
Then Greg joined in and it was three laughing men to one sulking consulting detective.
John moved to clip him on the back of the head again, but the older man managed to duck out of the way.
"That feel good or bad?"
John paced his living room, frustrated beyond belief at not being able to find his submissive. He’d barely slept for days and only paused to eat when his staff made him.
"Yes, mistress," she nodded her head at her Domme and then at John. "It was good seeing you, sir."
“What was said or done before he disappeared?”
“Yes, sir. I rather enjoyed it actually. Well… except the clothes.”
“I told you, that I used the same punishment as other Dom’s when my subs come without permission and I meant it. I differ from them in many ways, but this is something you were well warned about and something I can’t ignore despite how much fun we were having.”
“You’ll figure it out.”
"Told him to unpack my stuff. He obeyed straight away."
Mycroft allowed himself to be dragged to his feet and pulled from the room.
The doctor rolled his eyes. “You have no idea.”
"Mm, I didn't like the way she was looking at you. And you taste wonderful." He stole another kiss then pushed his brother back to arms length. "I'd better stop, or I'll waste too much time and get us in trouble."
The Dominatrix laughed. "I suppose so, only we have something infinitely more entertaining to do than bake cookies."
"And you?" Greg asked knocking the weights hanging from Mycroft's cock.
“That. Was… Brilliant.”
John froze and so did Sherlock.
“You were very good then. Leave your hands where they are,” he added a lot softer than the first time he’d ordered it. He manoeuvred Sherlock’s slightly hardening length back into the cage.
He stuck his tongue out at the suit.
"You were running. You could have turned in any direction!" Mycroft pointed out.
After a further half an hour of searching, he checked the window one last time, to put his nerves at ease, if only slightly and then rang Mycroft. He picked up on the second ring.
“Men,” Mycroft called over his shoulder. Immediately 8, no 12 armed men came in, their rifles at the ready.
The doctor crouched down and looked at the machine. He pressed a button and the entire assembly rotated ninety degrees on the base. "Yup." He grinned. "It'll work upwards. This thing must have cost a fortune."
“Well, she must have done!” he explained, trying to get back to his feet, a rough tug in his curls stopped him.
“But, sir-”
“Why?” The detective asked, he could deduce the man meant what he said.
“Freak killed someone. Thought it would be a game to rob a jewellers, armed.”
“No!” Finn stamped his foot.
Greg sighed and settled on the floor beside the trussed up sub. “Leave,” he ordered Donovan, the only remaining officer.
With a grunt when he was released, Sherlock began to crawl across the room, avoiding his brother's eye.
Irene stepped forward and took her hand. She had long since learnt whatever Eurus wanted, she got it.
Sherlock let out a long trembling breath as the dildo slid free. He wasn't as sore as he could have been as it had ended up just being a plug for most of the night.
“No, Sherlock!” Mycroft snapped pacing into the room and dropping on the bunk beside where his little brother had collapsed again. “You're my baby brother. You will always come first. Gregory has asked to allow him to sort things legally, before I get involved. I believe you, Sherlock, someone is clearly setting you up, but whom? Where have you been for the last several hours?”
"You said you'd leave them alone," Mycroft argued.
"Do you want to suffer some more, Sherlock? I'm sure we can find more toys. A hood... amongst other thing."
When they arrived at Angelo’s, Greg and Mycroft were already there. Mycroft was knelt on a cushion that Sherlock recognised as one that came from behind the counter and there was another identical one set on the table.
“That was 67 seconds boy, your tally has gone up to 15 from 1, quite a leap.”
. 9.65MB
When all Sherlock did was grunt, John sighed and pushed the boy back. He pulled the ring from his mouth at the same time. “What is it?” He demanded.
The boy’s breathing was getting heavier and he felt Panic on the edge. He couldn’t fall into it. That would be not good. That would be a bit more than a bit not good. He was concentrating so hard on not responding to the arse’s words that he didn’t see, hear, or even sense the other man get up and wander towards him. The first he knew of it was when there was a fist hitting the side of his head hard and he collapsed to the floor.
“Billy rang, said there was an emergency with... oh,” John ran his hand through his hair in realisation before dropping his palm down heavily on the desk. “Sorry Rita, got to run.” And he was back out the door again.
Sherlock actually cracked a smile and blushed, a pale red creeping up usually pale cheeks.
"I needed to." Greg turned to Mycroft. "Strip."
Mycroft kept his head low.
Finn watched him closely, "What's redun- redun- what is that?"
Sherlock was successfully hogtied and he was not happy about it.
"Kneel back up straight, Sherlock."
John stared at the other Dom for a moment and then burst out laughing himself.
“I said I’d cooperate!” Sherlock yelled, adding on a belated sir when he got no response from the Dom, just a more strenuous position to walk in.
"Mm m mmph," the detective mumbled around his gag as his toes continued to wriggle.
There was no response.
“No, sir,” he replied immediately. In fact he was curious to find out more about this Irene.
"Cheers,." They chinked bottles before taking a sip.
“Yes, sir.”
“I loathe repeating myself and I have already done it once. What is about to happen can be easy on you or hard on you depending on how you act now. But it will happen.”
John smiled slightly as Finn waved goodbye to the detective, “He will be back soon,” he assured the little boy before throwing him towards the DI.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?”
"57, mistress," the detective responded immediately. He felt rather sick at the thought of so many strikes, not that it hadn't happened before.
Sherlock looked up in shock, then smiled sheepishly and slid from the bed, dropping to his knees.
John sat down on the bed and dry washed his face. "I haven't stopped loving you and I never will, but I can't let you keep doing this to me. I don't want to be the... the bad guy all the time. I can't take it anymore."
Her sub's voice made Irene check the clock. "You'd better get going, pet, I won't be impressed if you're late."
He made a point of flushing the loo and opened the door. “Are you ever happy?”
Douglas followed them over, also laughing. “Tame Sherlock Holmes? Who would be thick enough to even try that?”
Sherlock smiled softly. He'd done the right thing. For the moment at least, he could relax. Even Greg seemed to be amused by his answer.
"I don't know who I hate more, our little sister or Irene Adler."
"So? I deserved it."
Finn decided that the toys were worth not getting to swim in his shorts and clapped in excitement. “I want to pick up every shell on the beach!”
"They are very pretty like this, little Lock," John teased.
The Dom was in no hurry to untie him, but when he had, he dropped his hand on his head and ruffled his hair slightly. “10 minutes, pet.”
"We're getting dressed because your brother and Greg are coming over."
She just pointed upstairs with her frying pan, not bothered by the bright pink case and then turned to go back into her flat.
Sherlock rested his head on Mycroft's shoulder. "Thank you, Myc. I'm sorry you're here, but I'm glad to have you with me."
It took a few minutes, but eventually Sherlock came round. As soon as he had, the guards dragged him back to his knees again.
“No…”
He looked up, pouted, which if it wasn’t for the circumstances, was adorable, and went back to hiding his face in his pillow.
The DI sighed and shoved him back into the wall beginning to search his pockets.
“As far as I’m aware it happened for as long as a week, only letting him out to use the toilet. He made a mess of himself before that happened though.”
That actually kicked him up the arse, metaphorically at least, as he jerked forward trying to find John’s zip.
The detective shook his head, that was the last thing he wanted, to be further tied down.
“Does Donovan have to be there?” Sherlock asked suddenly, looking toward the doctor.
"Please, John," Greg complained after a while.
Sherlock snorted. “Like Mycroft lets you drive his cars anyway.”
Eurus yanked him back and threw him down to his knees again.
Sherlock kept his hands behind his head because he hadn’t been given permission to move them even though his cock was back in that blasted metal cage. He leant forward and their lips brushed. The Dom led the kiss as a Dom should and Sherlock surrendered his mouth to the older man. Most importantly he did that willingly. “You could have had that earlier if you had asked.”
Sherlock's eyes widened. What had he done wrong this time? He gnawed on his bottom lip and tried to turn to face the back of the sofa again, the only way he could escape.
“Oh, Sherlock, dear.” Her relief was evident. “Aren’t you staying with your brother or that Dom he organised for you?”
The question made Greg look worried. "Sir?"
Siger took half a step forward then stopped himself. He wasn't the parent here, Sherlock and John were. He had to let them handle it.
Just as John tied his collar down to the bench, Greg joined them, Mycroft crawling along behind.
The Dom climbed onto the bed and unfolded Sherlock's limbs, then he lay down next to him and wrapped his arms around him. "Go to sleep, Sherlock."
Walking over to the table, John picked up a Wartenburgh pinwheel. He came back to his sub and tapped the prickly wheel against the tender flesh on the insides of his boy's thigh. "I'm going to run this over every sensitive spot you have until you can't take it anymore."
"Tell me."
“No.”
"That's just the way I like her," Eurus said with an evil smile in Irene's direction.
Mycroft grabbed his brother's arm, unsure what he was meant to be doing to help. All he knew was that every move he made hurt like hell.
“Kneel, Mycroft,” Greg ordered. “Right now!”
It took a minute, but his landlady opened the door, looking very disheveled. "What is it, Sherlock? Have you any idea what time it is?"
"You know why."
The DI folded his arms, “I think it's a bit late for that, mate.”
“Basically, yeah,” Sherlock grimaced expecting a clip around the ear for messing up so dramatically but John didn’t seem at all bothered.
“We shouldn't interrupt them.”
The guard looked absolutely terrified.
John returned with the humbler and flicked the machine off. "Don't worry, brat, it won't be off for long."
“Of course. I might even find the chess set and let you beat me,” he offered.
Greg interrupted anything Sherlock might have wanted to respond with. “Cardiff?”
"Come sit with us," Eurus ordered. "You can help me feed the Ice Man."
“Only one?”
Sherlock let out a shaky breath. John was here, of course he was. John was always there. Always. It would be alright, like he knew it would be, because John found him.
"Hands behind your heads." Eurus huffed annoyed when the pair of them obeyed immediately once again. "No, no, no," she said, stomping her foot. "Irene, make them be interesting. Do something to my big brother."
The DI snorted. “A) it's not my wedding. B) why would I want her there?” He looked around at the others who were surprised. "What? I work with her. She's not my best mate."
"Fine. But if he sticks his nose in too far, I'm blaming you."
The government official sighed and opened his mouth. He simply didn't see the point of using his energy to fight something that, relatively speaking, was trivial. He knew there was far worse to come.
John froze. "What do you mean?"
“And so you should.”
“Because you do what I tell you! It doesn’t matter what the circumstances are.” John wasn’t stupid. He knew the genius detective would notice the empty dishes and would jump to the right conclusion pretty damn quickly. He hadn’t been wrong, his reaction however was a little over-exaggerated than what he had been anticipating. The boy still needed to learn, whether he liked it or not.
Sherlock pouted. "I don't wanna be a good boy!" He tried to pushing Mycroft away, squirming and wiggling.
It was nearly 12 hours later that Sherlock had his idea. He tried to sit up quickly but his collar caught where it had been tied to the bed post and he flopped back as he coughed.
"Good. Maybe now we can make our way back to the well behaved sub I know you can be. Sit up in your position."
. 9.07MB
"Jesus, no!" John exclaimed. "I love you more than anything." He leapt to his feet and crossed to the two brothers, hugging Sherlock from behind and sandwiching him between himself and Mycroft.
With a glance at Greg, John ran to the window, knowing the pair of them were too far away to help him, or even stop him if he decided to play the game. Watching, John knew he would play.
“Good. Open.”
"Ta, John." Greg took the cage in his free hand and kept stroking Mycroft's cock. "But I think I'm going to need to use ice to get matters under control if I'm going to get this on him."
The detective made a point of pouting.
“Stop talking, Sherlock. Think carefully before you speak for the next several hours. You do not want to dig your hole deeper.”
"May we have our son back," Sherlock asked, smiling down at Finn.
"Sir-"
The doctor cut him off. “I was lenient with you yesterday about kneeling when I entered the den, in fact I didn’t even mention it. It was a tough day. Today however, IS NOT! Get on your knees.”
He knew Mycroft had relaxed the security around Baker Street again, and he still had his ID.
Greg smirked. “Maybe I did. But only after Mycroft said it.”
"Mycroft, you-"
“I use a different bench for tally punishments, pet. For routine. You’ll be pleased to know it’s slightly more comfortable.” John reassured him seeing that Sherlock’s grin had vanished and he was looking about in apprehension.
Slowly, Sherlock’s head began to lower and the Dom was mildly surprised. His sub was beginning to trust him and beginning to obey immediately rather than argue about it for half an hour and then obey.
“How did you know where I was, sir?” Sherlock asked quietly, after a while. “That was the only part of your assured rescue mission that I wasn’t sure on.”
Greg grabbed a handful of curls and shook Sherlock's head. "Of all the impertinent things I have ever seen, this beats everything."
"What do you think, Greg? Think he deserves a reprieve?"
"Go and fetch some nice steel cuffs," Greg ordered his own sub, while he buckled the posture collar around Sherlock's neck.
With obvious reluctance, Sherlock opened his mouth and let Irene thrust the dildo in as many times as she wanted.
Irene smiled. "Does he talk about me, Ice Man?"
John had had enough now when his sub had completely disappeared from view, clearly content on not stopping. Nothing would bring him back but, “Sherlock Holmes!” he barked.
“Yes. I do…” John sighed. “What would you say to Finn not being an only child?”
John sighed heavily. "Get undressed, Sherlock." He had had his sub get redressed again when he'd heard the others coming into the apartment.
“Enough!” The Dom barked, shoving him forwards. “You're bored, I get it, but you come to me. You do not act out. I had thought you'd grown out of the need for that.” He had the urge to yell
Sherlock did just that and stared at his cuffed wrists. That was the second time in under an hour he’d put his foot in it, first with the rope and now with a piece of bloody pear.
The boy collapsed, panting hard. “Th-thank you, sir.”
"I can't win. If I leave Mycroft gets pissed at me. If I stay, you get pissed at me. What am I supposed to do?" Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa and turned his back to the doctor.
John cut his sub’s complaint off before it could really begin. “And then you can prepare lunch.”
John dragged the boy by the scruff of the neck into the playroom, locking the door behind them.
"Because you two have gone through the effort of setting this lot up."
Sherlock grumbled something as he had to move while John routed through his pocket to pull his phone out, the detective took it from him and turned it over.
Eurus glanced at Irene and when the older woman smiled, Eurus walked across to Sherlock.
"Turn the machine back on. Let's wake Mycroft and go to bed. Leave him there."
John was amazed that the sub was still addressing him correctly. “Well, we’ll explore that. Together. But I won’t force you to. I will ensure you behave and I will punish you if you don’t, but I will not force you. I will not tie you up just because I feel like it and if there is anything you are uncomfortable with that’s why you have a safe word. But in order to play together you need to trust me and at the moment I’m aware you don’t. That’s fine, but we need to work on that.”
Obviously noticing the internal war Sherlock was having, John inclined his head. “Wise choice, boy.”
"'Lock? Is that you?"
“Your deodorant told me that.”
John laughed. "Cruel asking him questions he can't answer."
"You're such a good boy, Greggie," the doctor whispered, leaning down to bite at his earlobe.
The detective walked over to the man lying down on the floor, he was barely moving but alive. “Was I right? I was, wasn’t I? Did I get it right?”
"You ok?" John asked.
“Sowwy.”
Sherlock rested his head against his arm and hid in his Mind Palace. He could ignore the feeling of humiliation in his cock, even as John began nudging it with a riding crop.
John had expected his sub to be asleep as he wandered down the hallway. He’d been up just over an hour and was already immaculately dressed in his 3 piece suit. Yesterday was his brown suit. He always wore it when the new subs arrived or when they left. Today it was his grey suit; his favourite. Old army habits die hard; early mornings and dressing appropriately came naturally to the Dom whether he liked it or not. With Sherlock however, he doubted it somehow - he acted like a teenager and teenagers loved their beds.
"Pick something for me to use on you."
"You will get your arse out of that cupboard, right now, young man and explain to me what is going on or you will be in serious trouble!"
As part of my fight to cut down hate on this site, I'm continuing on to name and shame. Bandwagon and Anonymous300 kindly piss off and stop reading my work if you find it boring and hate it. No one cares about your opinion and I'm done being polite to haters. I've had the most hate I've ever had on the last chapter and I really don't know why.
His arms weren’t aching yet, but there was more of a strain than normal because of the way they were pulled back and he was under no illusion that he would be there for a lot longer than a quarter of an hour.
"Correct. Why have you been ignoring him?"
"You dominate you're sub's however you like, and I shall do the same. Up, Sherlock."
Sherlock struggled to his feet and John saw his face for the first time. His eyes were red and blood shot. Tears had created their own tracks down his face. The Dom raised his free hand to rub away a couple of new tears and then kissed him on the forehead. Although calm, the sub still looked terrified so John tugged him over to the bed gently. He pulled him up and Sherlock instinctively turned into him burrowing his head into John’s neck, still muttering broken apologies through ragged breaths.
Sherlock was having none of it. However, John was prepared and, the moment he pulled away, the Dom had shortened the leeway in the leash for the younger man as he stood up.
“Nag Mycroft then!” Sherlock yelled at her, falling back on the sofa and covering himself with his dressing gown that had been laid over the back.
“Sorry, Sherlock,” the DI did seem genuinely apologetic, it made the detective want to panic, and panic quickly. He could feel Panic approaching, quickly but this time there was no John here, he used all his might to believe Greg wouldn’t let anything happen to him.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “You’re giving me a choice?” the detective sounded shocked.
The DI nodded. “Of course. Straight to your car then?”
“You tell me to stay here and then tie me up so I can’t move anyway.”
"That's not what I want! I want to play. I want to play!!" She grabbed a nearby chair and threw it against the wall, breaking it.
“I was trying to get information out of him before he ran off.”
Sorry for the long wait guys!
“One missed call from your brother.”
A man much beefier than the one holding him appeared from a side door. He caught a glance at the new arrival before bowing his head as submissively as he remembered the pair liking. Just his luck to bump into not one of his bad memories but two, in one go. Benjamin had introduced Douglas, before they had had their fun.
Mycroft looked towards his brother, trying to work out if he could blame him or not. At the look on his face, the two Doms laughed.
He led Sherlock outside and looked up and down the path, the sun was high in the sky and there was a strong wind, for which the Dom was glad, it might make what was about to occur a little more uncomfortable. It was also fairly quiet, another bonus.
“Mate, there's nothing-“”
Several minutes later, they heard the buzz from downstairs. It was immediately followed by Finn yelling joyfully and running for the front door.
He hadn’t looked up, daren’t look up. So John looked down, watching him for a minute, thinking.
"I didn't need to. I'm the Superintendent of New Scotland Yard, I don't need to use Mycroft's name all the time now. Which he'll be glad of."
Sherlock was glaring daggers up at his Dom from where he was in a bundle, but before he could spring up and lash out, John grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. He shoved him down over the bench and chained his collar to the eyebolt. Sherlock had gone back to underestimating him as a Dom, and it was something that would damn well change soon or he’d suffer for it. It was that simple.
John used his cane to tap the insides of Sherlock’s thighs making him spread his legs a bit better.
“No!” he said, quickly.
The eye roll Mycroft gave put Sherlock's best eye roll to shame. "But, sir, Gregory, I need caffeine," the government official whinged.
“Good behaviour gets rewards.” The look on Sherlock’s face said he clearly didn’t trust what had just happened. “Ask me nicely and I’ll get you a cushion.”
“It doesn’t, that doesn’t mean you can tie me up when you feel like it.”
Mycroft's lip curled at that but he didn't reply.
"Oh, that. He does that a lot," Eurus said with a shrug. I should have realised-"
“No.”
Sherlock nodded once, jerkily. “That man, Moriarty. He had all of this planned. He knew I'd escape. This is about you, not me.”
His eyes snapped open and he looked straight down at his cock, imprisoned in his Dom's fist. John tilted his head on one side, squeezing harder as he tried to make a point. “I asked you a question, boy, you'll do well to answer it.”
Sighing, John stood and went to the door.
"Yes, little brother. You're familiar with the concept are you not?"
Sherlock glanced at the folder and the few papers that were sprawled out across the coffee table and Mycroft’s lap.
“What’s wrong?”
Greg returned shortly from their bedroom where their stuff had been dumped and returned with a different gag than before. This one was dildo shaped and rather largish. John accepted it gratefully. "Ta." He moved to put it in Sherlock's mouth, but the detective twisted away. "Boy, do you really want a cropping this early in the game?" Sherlock didn't duck away the second time, but he didn't open his mouth. "My boy is most definitely in brat mode. It's clearly his favourite mood today. But I don't fancy using the crop. Greg, any suggestions?"
John closed his eyes and leant back against the wall. “So he’s just mad? He’s not hurt?”
“Four people in a row? It’s not just chance.”
He moved again and ended up knelt where he did for meals.
With a groan, Greg fell from John's lap when his arms were released and he sighed in relief, even as his knees hit the floor harder than he had intended.
The Superintendent brought his hand down hard on Mycroft's arse.
Sherlock almost skipped down the rest of the stairs, eager to see the man that was there.
"I know what you're up to," John puffed with a smile.
“Well, sir, you’ve met Wilkes now and Victor you know all about. Any other Doms I had were one night stands and did not impact my life enough for me to even remember their names let alone when any interactions occurred. Therefore nothing they did to me would be enough to push me in Panic.”
"Why not? It's the truth." Sherlock turned to look at his brother. "We might as well admit it."
The doctor stepped backwards, dragging his sub with him by the hand. He stepped into the shower. “We’re going to try something new. If you don’t like it, safe word, it will not affect tonight, but we will come back to it as it is something you should be able to do comfortably. We both know you aren’t really asexual.”
"Leave them be," Greg ordered. He dragged his boy to the kitchen. "You can feed me for a change." Food was already on the table from where Mycroft had prepared it earlier.
He performed several tests which led him to the conclusion that the things were real for a given value of real. He hadn't really doubted it, but it had been remotely possible the things were a mass hallucination.
"At least we know Eurus is unstable," Mycroft commented. "Irene just does whatever she thinks is best for her. It's all self preservation with that one."
“I didn’t say that eith-”
“Mycroft did,” he spun on his Dom. “Why?”
"I said, be quiet." He set him on his feet when they were outside and dragged him towards the ice cream parlour.
Download from
Even John winced at the impact. "Are you alright, pet?"
He knew he couldn’t trust Sherlock with such a hard dick right now so he fetched some ice. “This will be cold. I’m going to cage you for 24 hours. Go back to being the good sub I know you can be and I shall remove it.”
When the door shut, John returned his attention to the sub still knelt unmoving in the corner. The brat had done well. So far at least. But he wouldn’t back down, he knew Sherlock was only behaving because he was aware how John could punish him further.
Sherlock couldn’t believe the burn, but it was almost soothing, it wasn’t a thrashing. This was John, no one else, just John. He was brought out of his thoughts by a slap. “S-Sir?”
"You mean he didn't care about him before?" Eurus asked with a frown.
The blond inclined his head. “An emergency at Barts which has to take priority over this little skirmish. Take Sherlock home, have the staff restrain him to the bed in the playroom - punishment side, I’ll be back when I can.”
She smiled, liking this doctor immediately. He was kind of soft and… fuzzy, dare she think it? But she could also sense the stern determination just below the surface that Sherlock no doubt aggravated all the time, and apparently right now too. “Making him run.”
Screw being ready, Sherlock was enjoying himself and for the first time in what felt like forever he was beginning to relax.
The doctor nodded once and watched, concerned, as his sub rushed off. He was determined to find out why the boy had flinched at such a simple and common action in a Dom. He made note not to do it again, at least without warning.
Sherlock returned to struggling.
“I was nearly 17 when I finished my A-levels. So yes, I was a bit ahead. I don’t know why I bothered.”
At first, the older man thought it was because he had played it in front of him, but then he realised that the sub didn’t have the greatest experience when it came to Doms and his property; specifically his favourite things. He probably thought he was now being teased with it. John imagined with clenched teeth that that was something this Victor would have done. He had said he wouldn’t be allowed to earn it until at least tomorrow after all.
Slowly, the youngest of the three obeyed, his elbows knocking into the wall, as he was behaving and not lowering them even though he doubted he would be in any more trouble if he did.
The man laughed and Sherlock groaned, knowing John wasn’t coming. The kitchen was quite a distance away. For all he knew John was in on this.
“How do you know she had a suitcase?”
"Which attempt is more efficient?" She asked with a laugh.
“No, sir. Sorry, sir,” he said hurriedly.
"Oh stop it," John pushed him back down to his knees, face down into the chair. He tied the leash attached to Sherlock's collar to the buckle on the seat.
John touched his sub’s head briefly and heard him tense with a deep breath. Waiting for him to open his mouth and demand him to remove his hand, John was surprised once more when no dictation came but his head just dropped further.
He yelled out in pain instead.
"Get up like I told you!" She shouted, aiming a kick at his backside.
Kate didn't stand up like Sherlock had, but instead crawled until she was out of the room before getting to her feet.
“‘John, from Harry’.”
"No, up here, with us." Greg patted the bed between himself and John.
Sherlock ducked and glared at the blindfold, causing John to chuckle.
“I’ve had enough of you prat arsing around this morning, boy, kneel.”
"No," John said when his boy glanced up at him. "This is to remind you of your place." Sherlock lost it. He struggled against his bonds furiously, but it was to no avail. John let him, waiting for him to wear himself out. When the sub had done just that, John asked, "Are you quite done?"
Sherlock sat in his chair and Mycroft took John's. For several moments, there was nothing but silence. Finn looked from one brother to the other, completely confused. Then he got off Mycroft’s lap where he'd been sat and ran into the kitchen where he knew John was.
By now, John had two fingers in Sherlock's hole, working him open as quickly and as thoroughly as he could.
Sherlock shrugged. "Deduce away."
“A mess as in…”
"You really are in good boy mood."
Greg took Rosie's hand and tugged behind the secure gate, John stood for a while longer and watched as the two Holmeses climbed into the waiting sedan and drove away.
Sherlock didn't know how to answer that question and John didn't make him.
He opened the door and couldn’t believe what he found. He smelt Sherlock before he saw him, long before.
Sherlock's bored of the Yard
"Because you are setting a role model to Finn," John whispered.
"Sorry, babe," John got to his feet and moved to calm him as he awoke to thrashing.
Greg heard the conversation. "Of course you're invited, Sherlock. You too, John."
"You heard the woman, little big brother, corner. Now!"
Greg nodded. "Water for this one though."
John grinned. “Brilliant. As always. Another Dom contacted me online. Said he’s looking to start up his own business in training subs.”
The detective glanced up at his Dom. "Yes, sir?"
"Then why didn't he just say that?"
“Oh, but you do.” The blond began to smile, this was going to be amusing.
"Doesn't mean I have to like it."
“Dad’s here,” he said after a moment.
“Yes, sir,” he nodded eagerly.
“Whatever, Mycroft.”
John expected him to ask who the stranger was but instead there was a sharp breath, a pause that he only noticed because he knew Mycroft well enough and then muffled voices that sounded something like “Hurry up!”. “Sebastian Wilkes, John! Get my brother out of there!”
"Yes, mistress," he whispered. He couldn't bear Sherlock's look of disappointment again.
"Maybe I don't want to tie you up."
His ruined orgasm squirted into the tube at the tip of his cock, his come squirting through the sound and dribbling out the end.
“No, sir,” Sherlock kept staring at the floor in front of him, looking anywhere but at his Dom, the disappointed look he knew the older man was sporting would have been too much for him to handle, specifically in front of his older brother.
Greg nodded. "We've come on a holiday suited to this. Why wouldn't I?""
"Irene has no influence over our little sister."
"We do," Greg corrected.
“So how many is it going to be if I halve your current total?”
Eurus watched as Irene paced around the detective. "I didn't buy any of it. A nice man sent me it all."
Sherlock groaned and lowered his head. He always put his bloody foot in it.
Sherlock walked up and punched a tall guard, knocking him down. "Strip." He waited impatiently for the man to follow orders, then put on the uniform himself. "Let's go, Myc."
Sherlock didn't speak but he nodded and watched his Dom leave the room with Greg.
"Yeah, Mycroft's fortune."
“I can go upstairs on my own. Sir.”
The little boy threw his arms around him for one last hug. Sherlock had to gently remove Finn's arms from around him as John tried to take him. Sherlock straightened his jacket, then joined his father and Mycroft in following the barrister.
"Oh how I wish Eurus would let me keep you." She placed a kiss on Sherlock's chest, lingering there for a long time. "You would be my masterpiece."
But now, Sherlock had been in his lab finishing off his experiment while John worked away in his study.
"Work. Shift starts at 2." Irene was watching her pet leave.
“I had a Dom who took all my things once, said I had to earn them back, like you did. I tried so hard to please him, when I asked when I was likely to get my stuff back the arse laughed. It turned out he’d burnt it all. I was lucky Vienetta was being repaired when he took my stuff.” His voice didn’t sound as lost and distant as it had earlier in the kitchen. He sounded bitter at the memory. John couldn’t blame him. He had to stop himself clenching his fists in anger. Sherlock didn’t need to see that.
Greg had started the process of restraining his own boy with a golden rope. He quickly had Mycroft's wrists bound together and to the collar he wore.
The Dom nodded slowly. “You may, you have some left over body parts in the fridge, you may experiment as much as you like, but only with the equipment not in that cupboard. You haven't earned anything else yet.”
Even as he was being wrestled into the cuffs, Sherlock called out, "I wouldn't. Some day she'll do that to someone and won't ask to be stopped. It won't be me or Mycroft she does it to."
Sherlock seemed too terrified to move, his misdeeds settling inside him and his regretful submissive side making itself known. It never should have gone. He had been learning.
Sherlock sighed, but began to obey. He knelt up straight and moved his hands behind him to rest in the small of his back.
Sherlock opened his mouth, eager.
Seeing that the mood was a lot lighter than it had been, John decided to broach the subject that he had previously pushed to the back of his head for later discussion. “What about Greg?” he didn’t bother to elaborate, he knew he wouldn’t need to. That thought was probably already swimming around in his boy’s head with no destination in sight.
John pulled a new stool out from a side cupboard. It was a lot lower than the first one John had tied him to.
It was Douglas who moved to comply, the member of New Scotland Yard seemed to have frozen where he stood. He snatched the keys up from the table they had been thrown down on 10 minutes ago.
“You're aware what it is then.”
"Hmm... Thought as much."
"That has been arranged," John said with a laugh. "It's been arranged very well." He let the flogger fall again and again.
“I may or may not have put them in the trolley the last time we went to the store.”
"I don't want them on the benches. Sherlock is already hurt enough at your hands. They will be punished, but not in that way."
He tried to listen to the voice at the back of his head telling him how ridiculous that whole concept was, least of all because Mycroft trusted him and there was no way he would send his little brother into any danger. It didn’t matter whether it was physical or emotional.
“Whether or not my client has a Dominant is beside the point. This line of questioning could be seen as intimidation.”
“Because you said it’s waste of bwain space.”
“You sure he’s ok?” Greg asked.
"Are you actually relaxing boy?"
Neither of them spoke until they were shoved together into their cell and left.
“No,” the doctor reached down and dragged Sherlock to his feet, pushing him back so he fell to the bunk. “Maybe solitary confinement can get your head in the game.” ‘Because I'm clearly failing’ went unsaid.
John laughed. "With what?"
Sherlock shrugged as he continued to stare out of the window. He should be happy with where they were heading, he hadn’t had a case in months and Greg had gone out of his way to ask for his help.
Sherlock didn't bother to say that he was quite capable of going alone. It hadn't worked when he'd tried it before, he knew with even more certainty that it wouldn't work now.
"Hmm… well I need your arse to present the cute view it does right at this moment."
John got the driver to pull over at the end of the street so Sherlock had the chance to pace, stretch his legs and clear his head of any worries over anything they had just discussed. He pulled him from the back of the car, resting as much weight as he could on his stick. He held him by the hand. “Come on, pet.”
“Cut his throat.”
John had gone and had left him on his own.
Sherlock frowned, his gaze flickering up to the blond. “I’m sorry, sir?”
"Being painfully good so he will stick around."
Mycroft was completely clueless. He had no idea how Sherlock had even initiated an escape, let alone how he had done it, cuffed and left no trace.
