"My little brother has the same quirk when stressed. Uncle Bobby will be here in ten, probably less. And after he has her hooked up, I will drive you to class in my Baby." He indicated the black car behind Sweetie.
Cas thought about that, but his mind was being unhelpful. “Um… Maybe? I dunno. Nev’r been drunk before. But I had lotsa purpr… prupr… Purp’l nurples..”
Lisa stared at him, earpods still in her ears, the white cords in stark contrast to her dark wavy hair. Dean rubbed his neck. “I- I.. I’ve been thinking… I’d like to date you. I mean… you’re cute and popular and…I like you a lot. So...” His voice petered out. Lisa just stood there, her face blank, one earpod held only an inch from her ear, like she’d just taken it out. She blinked once. “If… if you don’t… I might just jump off the roof here…” He swayed a bit, trying to keep his balance. Lisa blinked a few times more and put her earpod back in. Then she turned around, the grey pleated skirt swinging enticingly around her legs, and walked back to the door. Desperation clawed at Dean. “I-I’ll do it! I mean it!” he called, but the door swung shut, leaving him alone.
“Wow… that… that sucked,” he admitted to himself. Hadn’t Lisa heard him? It seemed like she had just taken the pod out. After his big confession had been done already. The door creaked open again and he looked up, hopeful. But instead of Lisa, he saw…. himself?
Exasperated, Cas threw up his hands. “I can’t with you! Go on, leave! I’m going to take a walk, like I wanted to do before mother showed up!”
A cute lady demon tilted her head at Dean and scowled. “Is that a fact? I heard Winchester was dead. Him, his brother, and that angel. Other Hunters have been sending our friends home. Not the Winchesters.”
Even before Dean opened his mouth, Cas knew. The deep blush that highlighted his freckles betrayed him. “I did… I am so sorry, Dean.”
With a huge sigh, Cas suited up again and started unpacking the bees from his van. They were calmly buzzing and showed no signs of stress. And luckily no dead bees on the bottom of his boxes either. He set the swarm up and was just admiring his hives, out of suit because admiring can be done from a ways off, when he heard hooves clopping on the dry dirt. He turned around to warn the rider that he was trespassing, but his mouth stopped working. On top of a magnificent horse, sat the man he had been (day)dreaming about for three weeks.
The sprite lowered her head. “I thought the police would arrest him, and then she would be free of him. I didn’t really mean harm. Being shut off from light and fresh air has made me lose perspective, I think.”
“Aw,” Donna sighed. “This is why I love weddings. Always a new couple made.” She kissed Jody, who blushed. “C’mon, Jodes. We’re not taking the girls home with us until tomorrow afternoon at the earliest. Let’s go use our very private bedroom.” Dean watched them go with a smile.
The plan had begun that night at Bobby’s. They had talked and talked until Sam, smart moose that he was, had said: “Why don’t you play to your strengths? Dean is awesome in designing gardens, picking out the problems and knowing what not to put next to each-other, while Cas knows exactly what plants draw which insects and other pollinators. The market is currently shifting towards having an environmentally friendly garden, while still being pretty and nice to sit in.” So now they were setting up a pollinator friendly landscaping business.
"Gabriel Delacroix, you are indeed the worst. You are hereby obliged to come over for breakfast for the next four Sundays."
Dean blinked. In the background, Lady GaGa was crooning about not picking up her phone. “Who hurt you, Cas?” Dean looked him over and if Cas had been sober, he would have been mollified by the worry. Now it stoked his anger.
Admiring a well kept Corvette stingray, Cas had to admit that he was having lots of fun. He had started to call himself Cas, after half a day of being addressed so, and he liked it. Dean was chatting with the owner, when, to Cas’ horror, he saw Meg sauntering up to him.
did this? How?!” Cas deadpanned, and Bobby crossed his arms. “That’s what we wanna know from you, boy,” Bobby grumbled. Gabriel’s head swiveled from Cas to him, and back. “What?” Not in the mood for games and drama, Cas lifted his shirt up to show the burn on his chest. “What in the nine realms?!” Gabriel punched out.  Cas lowered his shirt again and crossed his arms and legs.  “Like you didn’t get some high-ranked demon to yank me topside,” he grumbled. Blanching, yet sporting indignant red cheeks, Gabriel gasped. “I’d never...” “Laissez!” Cas barked. “We all know you would, and you have.”
Gabriel gasped. "Cassie! I told you! He is a club-bunny! He hops from bed to bed, never minding the gender, age or inebriated state of the occupant!"
Shrugging, Sam hoisted his backpack higher on his shoulder. “Not consciously, no. But my friends often end up becoming his, and I would like a friend of my own for once. We have shared so much over the years, I have to concentrate to remember which hairbrush is mine.”
“Och… that’s right. Their big day is comin’ along soon. I forgot. Well, then I guess there is naught I can do but teach the insolent little twerp.” She sipped from the cup, put it back on its saucer and gave Cas a gentle smile. “Ah, my little tweetie pie. Life is certainly a lot different from a decade ago, huh?” Cas smiled back and confirmed it was. Rowena turned around to go to the practical magic room, waving at her cup to have it float after her. “Alright then, Jamie. Since Samuel is busy gettin’ ready to tie the knot, you will be stuck with me t’day,” Cas heard her tell the student before the door closed on them. He smiled and flew back to the store room he had been cataloguing a new artefact in.
Dean sighed and stretched. His arms were aching, and he wasn’t a bit sorry. They had spent yesterday in the woods, fighting the Shadow Orcs for their Queen. In the past few months Cas and Dean had been drawn into the world of Moondor, and regularly played with the LARP group. But today was another workday and he was for once more eager to stop than to make sure all the plants were put in their rightful spot. He knew he could trust his team to do it, and Cas had texted him that Charlie had decided on their logo.
Gabriel opened his mouth a few times, but nothing came out. He closed it again and pouted his lips. Pondering, he tapped them with his index finger. Castiel patiently waited until the genius that was Gabriel had thought it all out. Finally, he slowly nodded.
Cas just shrugged. “Je m’en fout. I like you, Gabe, and you, Anna, but my living... it will not make my mother return to me, nor my father. I am just handy until my time is up.”
“Well, I’m letting Imp stretch her legs a bit,” Dean answered, keeping up the petting. “...before we go back to teaching people to stay on the meek horses on Bobby’s ranch tomorrow. Plus Bobby asked me to check the perimeter of the next meadow for that pesky Russian knapweed. It is toxic to horses and will cause their face muscles to paralyse. The horse can’t eat or drink and will die.”
It gained him a soft chuckle. “You are one of a kind, Castiel. Most kids give me a wide berth when I’m angry, but not you. You follow me and ask if you can help.” Sam pulled a hand through his hair. “I guess it’s a combination. Jo knows I hate to show my strength, and she knows I really,
The other guy sighed, rolled his almond shaped eyes and levelled Green Eyes a bitchface that rivalled Wednesday Addams’.
When Dean returned, he sat down on his haunches, right in front of Claire and Cas. “Dean,” Cas started. “Why don’t you explain to me why, when Claire tells you she broke your angel figurine, you will not be very angry.”
Leaving kudos isn’t just for me, but also for Dmsilvis and PieDarling, xHarukax and Jaeh, our mods. Thanks for doing this again! -*Snugs all*-
Castiel hovered nervously next to the stranger who had his head and upper torso under the open hood of Sweetie.
Naomi sank her head into her hands, sobbing. “He was right. Oh my God, Jimmy was right... It didn’t help at all. Not one bit!”
"Ah! Merci, mon chaton, merci beaucoup! That will make up for the bad language on Sunday morning," she said happily, before kissing him soundly on each cheek.
He dumped his damp towel in the hamper and almost bumped into his mother when he stepped out of the bathroom.
Cas took a deep breath. “I can see that. And it’s unfair how good you look. Take me along, before I jump you.”
With a smirk, Cas left the restaurant, bowing his head against the autumn chill. It was autumn again, and his birthday was coming up. Six months from that, the calendar in his head would end. Permanently. What would he leave? Not much. Just Honey, his weaponry and his clothes. And Gabe and Anna, but they would learn to live without him.
The man chuckled. "Well, my uncle has a garage slash scrapyard just outside of town. I'm a mechanic there. I can give her a quick look-see."
Dean chortled. “I like your Maman. But Gabe sounds like a nice guy too. Typical big brother, but a good egg.”
Danielle and Gabriel were in deep conversation, hashing out the way for her to finally leave her cheating husband.
Gabriel held up his hand and wiggled his finger. "Nuh-uh little bro. Luce is gay, I'm pan. Big difference!" Castiel bit his lip, his sapphire eyes with the long, dark lashes staring at his shoes.
The men huddled together and started whispering. Castiel caught Balthazar’s name and a few of the men made an 'aaahhh' movement with their heads.
“Still doesn’t tell me how you found me, mother,” he intoned with a nasty, uncaring emphasis on the moniker. “Did you pester Bobby?” If she had, Castiel would give her a bigger piece of his mind than he’d already planned.
Cas watched as Jo easily beat Garth, who chuckled and rubbed his neck. Jo smirked and caught Sam looking. “Sam! Show these wimps how to do this properly!”
, Naomi. You just upped and left us, your husband and your six month old son. And apparently taking your other six month old son with you. Why, Naomi? Why would you do that? Was Jimmy such an easy baby you could just sneak off with him?”
“Dean?” Cas shrugged off his coat and stepped into their living room. “Dean? Love? Where are you?” There was no sign of Dean in either the living room or the kitchen. Worried, Cas made his way to their bedroom. No Dean there either. This was odd. Cas knew Dean had wanted to take it easy this anniversary. It was only their second, and they both liked to be alone together. He pulled out his phone and called his brother. “Gabey? Is Dean with you? No? He said he wanted to talk to Sam about something, so I thought…” When his twin chattered away, Cas fell silent. It seemed Dean had told Sam he would call tomorrow, so they had this evening alone. After he had finished his call with Gabriel, Cas went in search of Dean.
Wincing at the deplorable grammar, Castiel licked his lips. A blush crept up his neck. Did Dean think his butt was sweet, or was it just a figure of speech? And why would Castiel care? Taking his cue from Dean’s tone, he began tapping out an answer.
Cas scoffed loudly. “Well, that backfired spectacularly then,” he scorned. “Father became convinced you were possessed, because of the sudden disappearance. We lived in France for seven years, with him religiously scouring the church records, the theological books and what not, to find an explanation for your behaviour. He became a Hunter, specialised in demons, and Old World monsters, teaching me right along with himself. When he had read all he could on the subject, he moved us back here, hoping to find you. To excorsise the demon from you.”
“Y’ello! You got the one and only Gabe! What can I do you for?” yodelled his cousin through the speaker. “Tout les dieux! Gabriel, you nearly bust my speaker.” Chuckles sounded and Cas just knew Gabe had done it on purpose.
"Oh, that's precious! I gotta remember that! Uncle Bobby doesn't allow cussing in the shop, but if he doesn't know it's cussing..."
Castiel had a good audience in his brother, because he gasped again and his eyes grew sad. "No... now what?"
Maman’s smile softened even more. “Oh mon loulou, you are a dear. I think you will be good for your Dad and Papa.”
Jack nodded at him as if he had heard his thoughts. “Thank you, Dean. Look,” Jack sat up, leaning his elbows on his knees and leaning in. “... You, falling into the other dimension… that was an accident. But when I saw how heartbroken Castiel was when I had sent you back to this one, I had to correct my mistake.”
“Gabriel?” Cas gasped and Dean relaxed. Gabriel. One of Cas’ few cousins that wasn’t a stuck-up douchebag. Gabriel smirked and lightly punched Cas in the shoulder.
When they got downstairs, Cas heard muffled voices from the drawing room and smiled. “I wonder who Gabriel’s guest is. He rarely brings friends over.”
Maman giggled again and patted his cheek. “You are adorable, Sam. But if the big brothers are willing to have, how do you say that? A pissing contest?” Sam chortled, but nodded. “Right. If they want to have such an unsavoury contest: not in our house, and definitely not during breakfast.” She sternly glared at the elder brothers. “Am I clear? Can we just assume you both told the other that if they hurt their baby brother, bad things will happen, and have breakfast? Annette made croissants.”
“Gabriel Novak, but y’all can call me Gabe.” The golden haired man had eyed up Sammy with a delighted smile. “And you are the one looking to buy, I hope?” Sam had given him his best bitchface, but Dean had seen the little quirk of his little brother’s mouth.
Gabriel had watched this all with suspicious eyes, but when Dean so blatantly took Cas’ hand, he stiffened. “Ehm, that is my baby brother, bucko. You
Text sent, and reply received, Dean finally started Sweetie. “I hope you know what you’re doing, Cas,” Dean mumbled.
The lighter sparked, then caught flame and Cas saw the wooden planks an inch from his nose. Shit. Either a very small packing crate, or.... a coffin.
Cas knelt on the moist, crumbling floor. “Not surprising. Even a building inspector would not allow this.”
He jumped out of bed, in an amazingly good mood, sang during his shower and whistled as he sat down to his breakfast. His parents were of the European persuasion that breakfast, and preferably dinner, were family time, and he agreed. It had a certain peaceful quality. His days started so much better with a little chat with Maman or Papa. Today Maman told Papa about the tricks Gabriel had pulled on Castiel yesterday, and hearing them like that, after all the dust had settled, they were kind of funny. Except the one where he had taunted Castiel about Dean. He wasn't sexually attracted to him. But he did like him as a person, and he didn't like that someone he liked got pulled into Gabriel’s filthy fantasies. Papa had a laughing fit that was contagious so the entire meal ended in good spirits, and Castiel got to college smoothly, since Sweetie was purring like a kitten once more. Life was certainly perking up.
“Sooooo, are you, like, an item?” Cas and Gabriel let go swiftly. Gabriel smiled at her. “What? No! I.. he...”  Cas licked his lips. “We’re brothers,” he stated, making both Bobby and Gabriel stare. “Ah,” the girl nodded. “Right. He was missing, and now he’s back, or something?” Gabriel’s eyes on Cas were warm and hinted towards tears. “Or something,” he agreed vaguely. Then he turned around and sighed. The girl took her silent cue, grabbed some clothes and stepped towards the door. “Right. Ok, I’ll just... go, then.” Gabe nodded. “Thanks for understanding, Emmy,” he said as she stepped outside. “It’s Anya...” she replied, a little hurt. Gabriel hummed awkwardly. “Oh.. Yeah, right,” he mumbled and closed the door. Cas shook his head. Gabriel would never change. But the matter at hand wasn’t his cousin’s way with women, it was what Gabriel might or might not have agreed on to get Cas back. As soon as they were all seated, or leaning on the table in Cas’ case, Gabriel gave an uncertain smile. “Heh. So. You’re back... from the dead,” he surmised redundantly. “Wow.” Cas narrowed his eyes. “What did you do, Gabriel?” he demanded to know.
Cas bit his lip and looked down. “It’s nothing, Bal. I just had a dose of reality shoved down my throat. Let’s go in.”
Since there was no-one around, Cas felt he was allowed to snoop a bit. He wandered to the bathroom, washed his face and his hands with blessedly cool water. Then he dried himself off and started checking himself in the mirror. His throat, where he could still feel the phantom pressure of those insane, knife-like teeth, was pristine. Not a wound in sight, not even a scab. He checked his arms, where those sharp claws had dug in, nothing.
“After raising your soul and rebuilding your body, one might say we bonded pretty profoundly,” his angel sassed. Dean licked his lips. Right. That bit… He always tended to forget how much effort that must have taken from Cas.
Crowley nodded, then turned to Juliet. “Now you be a good girl,” he told her. “Don’t play with your food. He doesn’t deserve that. He only made the deal to not bother his mother. He said it was so he could live in peace, knowing he’d never see her abandoning face, but I knew his true intentions. He thinks he’s poison, and no-one should care for him, because he’ll ruin them. In doing so, he ruined himself. Go easy on him, girl. Ok?”
"Cassie, relax, baby bro. Smile!" The subject of Castiel’s thoughts pushed his way through the throng, some sort of sweet looking drink in his hand.
“Castiel! Please! Don’t tell father...” Jimmy suddenly called out. Cas stopped dead and stiffened. Without turning to look, he said gruffly: “didn’t I just say I hadn’t spoken to him in ages? His number has to be changed by now, so I couldn’t if I wanted to, but I wasn’t planning on it anyway. Goodbye, Jimmy.”
Castiel sighed and rolled his eyes. "Yes. And he is a nice guy too." Glancing at his watch, Castiel  winced. "I have got to get going. I still need to run back to school. I have another class!"
Castiel pulled out his phone as he settled down with his lunch. He wanted no disturbances, so he took a seat outside, on the terrace. The wind was chilly, but that's why he was wearing his tan trenchcoat. He pressed the second contact icon, and waited.
“I know, momma bear,” he mumbled into her shoulder. “Can you keep a secret?” Ellen pushed away with a puzzled expression on her face.
"You made sure she..." Gabriel started, but Maman snatched the phone again and ordered Gabriel. "S'excuser! Rapidement! Tu me décevez!" she hissed at him and thrust the phone back at Castiel.
Not expecting a reply before the next morning, he turned off the ringer on his phone and snuggled down into his comforter.
Apparently, Dean had succeeded to muffle the phone by now, because the rest of baby brother's answer was lost to Castiel, who was smiling now.
Cas blinked. That seemed almost too codependent, but Sam had explained that his big brother D had basically raised him, since their dad was a deadbeat guy who barely acknowledged that he had kids, let alone cared for them. Cas was grateful for D to have raised Sam so well.
Cas blinked. That was unexpected to say the least. Their plans had involved an intimate little dinner, then Dean’ s surprise and who knows what else the evening would bring. But Cas knew Bobby, and if they were invited over, there was something bigger going on than just the wish to see his foster kids. “Of course, Dean. Let me just grab my coat and put my shoes on.” Dean took a relieved breath, and Cas smiled at him. “We could just get to the rest of our evening afterwards. We did say we would see where the evening would lead us…” That finally brought a smile to Dean’s cute face and he agreed.
The chime of his phone during class had lost its clandestine meaning. Dean often forgot Cas was in classes while he was on break, and he had gotten to the habit of texting Cas daily. Sam, with his dimples and easy manner, teased him a bit about it, but when Cas gave him a single raised brow at the text Sam’s brother sent just a mere five minutes later, the boy chuckled and winked. “Touché, Castiel,” Sam smiled as they left the classroom. “I shouldn’t cast stones, huh?”
Dean watched as Cas stepped up to the microphone. Damn, he looked good in his robe and cap. His blue eyes sparkled and his pink lips were parted in a smile. “Dear classmates,” Cas started, and Dean smirked. He had heard his buddy practise this and he knew what was coming. “I know you all just want to get that piece of paper, and be let loose on the gardens and parks of the world, but tradition dictates that you have to suffer a speech by the kid who somehow got the role of valedictorian. Me. I am sorry. I could waffle on about how Joshua, sorry, Professor Angelis, taught us all how to not put big, shade throwing trees in the middle of a garden unless there was a terrace planned underneath, but who needs that? Yes, he taught us, and now we will have to be the ones to practice it. So take your piece of paper and start making the land beautiful.” Cas grinned and threw his cap in the air. Dean whooped and followed suit.
“Look, we can show you, but let us in first. Unwitting passers-by shouldn’t see this.” Cas glanced at Pamela, who nodded her head at the living room.
to be kidding me!” Sam came sauntering in behind him and chuckled. “Guess we still do things on the same day. We got together the same day, we got engaged the same day, we had a double wedding because… well, we did everything else the same day… And now we introduce our kids to Maman and Papa on the same day,” he stated wryly, guiding a blonde teenage girl forward. “Guys, Maman, Papa, meet Claire. Gabe and I adopted her today.”
“Naomi Novak is even less to me than Chuck is!” he growled, his already deep and gravelly voice even deeper and more rasping. “She abandoned me. Left Chuck and me alone so suddenly, father thought she’d been possessed. Making him tumble into the Hunter life so fast, even your family was amazed.”
Jack’s frown was a bit confused, and a bit annoyed. “No. Gabriel doesn’t even know me. I am here, on this plain, in this dimension, for you and Castiel. I even made this form to look a little like both of you, to put you at ease.” Dean let his eyes scan the boy again. He did look a lot like Cas, only younger, and his hair was more sandy, like Dean’s. Cas tilted his head, doing the same.
Grinning, Anna tapped her head. “See? That’s why we need you. You think differently. I’ll inform Gabe, you keep looking at the maps for sprite-territory.” She patted his shoulder and left.
"Castiel. Pay attention!" Papa hissed. "Maman might test you back home." He was lucky that both his sons were sitting between him and his wife, because Maman looked daggers at him. Service couldn't be over soon enough for Castiel.
Figuring the station was abandoned, Cas grabbed whatever he wanted and stuffed it in a plastic bag. Food, drinks, some magazines to catch up, and the money from the till, since he’d have to get to Sioux Falls somehow.
“Mother, I think I deserve to know, don’t you?” Cas coldly pried. “What does Jimmy have to do with the fact that I’m a Hunter?”
Castiel groaned and facepalmed. Not only had he been seen, he had been seen by both his big brothers, and like most of the club visitors, they had drawn a conclusion. Fingers trembling with anticipation, Castiel scrolled to the next message.
Taken aback by the tone, Dean frowned. “No, of course not.” Cas blinked and stared at the design again, starting a string of ‘but… but.. but’. Dean took the shirt, hurt that Cas would be angry at him. “The design is safe, you fool, because I made it. It is mine. And if you don’t like it, you can just tell me.”
“Fifteen,” Cas stated coldly. “And not so much of a kid. I had three werewolves, a vampire nest and a ghoul under my belt by then.”
He’d promised himself he’d keep his cool, but most of these questions had been burning him up ever since he was old enough to understand that his mother had chosen to leave like a thief in the night. And the others since he’d met his twin, six months ago.
A rustling sound told Castiel that Dean was trying to put his hand over the phone to cancel out his answer. "You shut up, Bitch! And I didn't lie... I told you I bought it."
Castiel couldn't believe his ears. "Au contraire! You can fix and build things with your hands. You can make broken items work again. I envy you, Dean."
A soft glow in the backyard had him direct his steps that way. All the way at the very end of the garden, Dean was standing, a soft light creating a halo from behind him. He had never looked more beautiful. “Heya Cas,” Dean softly greeted.
The morning brought Castiel clean pants, thanks to Annette, and a text, courtesy of Bal. It seemed Bal was a night owl. His answer was timed at 01.23 am.
Cas mumbled about just wanting to keep it simple, and Gabriel cackled. “You mean to say that this was just a side effect? Oh boy, cous! You are amazing!” Dean took a deep breath. He didn’t want to be rude, that was not what Bobby had taught him, but the guy was intruding.
They were sitting in their study hall and Sam had made a beeline for Castiel, as soon as he had entered the hall.
From his peripheral view, Cas noticed Gabriel dashing to his feet, and Anna pushing off the wall, but his blood thundered in his ears, his mind boiling with rage.
Even though it was dark, he could hear the crunch of feet running at him, and he swivelled around, fast as lightning.
Castiel turned to look at his older brother in the dim light of the streetlights. He looked sincere enough. Castiel untangled his arms to run a hand through his already messy hair.
The couple clicked, read and viewed the pictures. “Castiel..” Ellen breathed. This is wonderful. Exactly what we were thinking.”
care about a guy you only saw once in your life. Humans. You’ll never cease to amaze me.” He sighed, regret etched on his face. “I am sorry, Castiel. Time is almost up.”
Annette bent over. "I know you are loath to wear ze jeans to school, monsieur, but..." She held up the tight jeans he had worn to the club. With a muttered thanks, he took them and shot into the bathroom.
To be honest, Dean wouldn’t be surprised. He had an inkling about those two since Gabe’s trickster days. What gave it away for him was the fact that Sam had meticulously planned the very first trickster defeat in a way that ensured him he would not be the one ending the mischievous little guy. Afterwards Sam had been quiet, and didn’t eat well for a few days. Madison’s death was extra brutal because Sam had just started to get over Gabe.
Castiel ducked his head. He wasn't used to using crude language, and now he had to. "Ehm... it means... shit."
“You know us, cousin,” Gabriel answered cheerfully. “The family has money. We don’t. Anna and I, we’re true Hunters. We scam and scheme. We have fake everythings, including creditcards.”
Danielle tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “Do you believe in... fairies?” She almost whispered it, but Cas heard her.
“Those boys have some sad secret, and it’s enough to make me cranky. I just hope they can solve it. Now, got any JW Blue for me left? Or did ya finish it all?” Jack waved his hand again, making the air solidify and the window to the world disappeared. Dean blinked at the spot where it had been.
be mindlessly driveling about stuff. Now, the class was taken by surprise and it took them half a minute to realise Cas was done. After that the caps flew and they could get to their families. Well… Most of them.
“What the Hell?” he gasped, scrambling to his feet. He stared, mouth dropped open, eyes wide at the man, who did the exact same thing.
Dean said nothing and Cas looked up at him. They stared at each other, until a bright voice broke the spell. “Cassie! What are you doing here?”
“Gabriel is partially to blame there, cousin dear,” Cas smiled, but throwing up a hand before Gabriel could splutter his objection.
“Hello hello! Isn't this a weird place to meet up, Cassie?” He turned his eyes towards Dean and his face arranged itself into a look of disdain. “And who might you be, Ken doll?”
That damned meeting... which had him wondering something, but he’d get the answer later, from someone else.
He opened the file and read the date first. It was stamped four months ago. Cas swallowed. “Bobby…” Bobby shushed him and urged him to read on. Cas nodded and read on. He finished the document, reread it, and started over. He slowly lowered the folder, eyes wide and unable to speak. Bobby and Ellen were smiling at him encouragingly, while Dean and Sam looked curious. Bobby took the other folders and slid one to Sam, who read it in no-time flat, cocked his head and waited.
Cas pulled up one of the motel chairs and sank onto it. “I’m not here for pleasantries, Gabriel. And you know it,” he growled, a tension in his words.
“Dude, I like the guy, but don’t make this totally wrong representation of him kiss me. Ew.” Cas pulled back and stared at the pristine skin, then at his rosary. Nothing. Totally unblemished.
Sam smiled at him, then opened his mouth to speak to Dean, but shut it again. He pointed between Cas and Dean, questioning all but audible. Dean chuckled and laced his fingers with Cas’. “Yeah. This morning. And you?” Sam ducked his head.
Dean smiled easily. “Nah. It was actually quite adorable, and I did kinda admit that I find you attractive, back in the car.”
“Nah. I’m just taking a peek. Like crystal gazing, only without the crystal.” She set up the table like it was for a seance, and Cas was starting to feel distinctly nervous. They sat around the table.
Cas winked at Bal as he got dragged along. “Like your not pompous ass, Dean?” he asked teasingly. Dean coloured even redder, but didn’t answer. He put Cas on the passenger seat  in Sweetie and climbed behind her wheel. “Not that I mind you ogling my ass, buddy, but you’re damned drunk and I bet that tomorrow you wouldn’t like me being next to you.”
. I promise. I tested him in every way,” the old Hunter ground out, struggling to hold the 5’7” bundle of fury. Gabe froze, his golden eyes glued to Cas. “But he called me Gabe. He almost
A stern look shut him up. “And Castiel needs to make his own. You can advise him, but don’t try to lead his life. It is his. Not yours,” Maman said with that understanding yet firm tone of voice moms all over have, that makes you feel like you're five and did something foolish.
Jack kept smiling as he leaned back in the chair. “I made mistakes, and you two suffered. Hunger? Fighting? World peace? All choices that mankind as a whole makes. All free will. This?” He gestured at them. “This was a newly minted Deity, that messed up, and now is setting the record straight. Erasing the side effects.” He stood, his blue eyes warm and loving. “I like you two. Now… I have to go, but I will see you two before the ends of your long and rich lives. Dean? Buy him the hive. And Castiel… don’t be too mad at Claire when she breaks that figurine. Dean doesn’t mind that much.” With that enigmatic message, Jack snapped his fingers again, and disappeared, leaving behind the paperwork for KU, and a single sunflower.
“Why is your car so close?” she wavered, not even reaching out for the doorhandle. “I..if you’re a victim, like us, why is it so close?”
He just pocketed his phone when he saw the familiar short, spiky hair. His heart leaped, Dean was still on time! He was about to greet Dean, when he saw Sam exit the Japanese restaurant, waving at someone inside, and pull Dean into a tight hug. His heart froze in his chest. Was
“Dean,” Sammy rumbled. “It’s an unadorned cross, but you knew that. Don’t try and freak them out. It’s unbecoming.”
Castiel glared at him, before turning to his twin. “Non, I am not Canadian. I am an American, but my...
He hated it. His whole being objected to him being here, at this point, at this time, but he had promised his brother. In his mind he could still hear the whiny-pitched voice of his older brother. "But Cahaaassiehie... You
Dean swiftly trotted down the steps too and pointed at Castiel’s rear. "Like that! You have a white, powdery handprint on your tush!"
It seemed Dean’s uncle was an old grump, but the way his eyes twinkled under that old cap, Castiel thought it must be a bit of a show.
“I think, if you give the original spring a new outlet, the moisture trouble should be done with.” He stood, brushing his hands on his thighs. “But the sprite... I don’t know. It might still be angered.”
Castiel leveled a stare at him. "Come to my room, Gabriel , I have to get ready. I have an appointment at ten, and I do not wish to be late." Bemused, Gabriel followed Castiel.
Dean tilted his head. “But you said you loved me almost immediately.” Something didn’t really add up here. Cas blushed and ducked his head.
“You can and you will, boy,” the older man said. “We earned nicely with the riding school, the trail rides and the camps. We won’t be impoverished, we won’t be homeless, and Jo doesn’t want to have the ranch. So, Joanna Beth gets a nice little sum which she can use as she pleases, you get the ranch, Sam gets your place with the ground around it, and Castiel gets the plot with knapweed. Sorry, son,” Bobby smirked at Cas. “But I got a feeling that the plot is way more valuable to you and your bees than to any of us. And should this between you and Dean prove to be lasting, you could always decide to add it back to the ranch ground. Or keep it for a rainy day…”
He turned his head towards the window, and gasped. Those were the most amazingly green eyes he had ever seen! The face they were in wasn't unpleasant to see either and as a whole, it was a stunning thing to see on a dreary Monday morning.
Castiel threw the balled up sweater he was holding on his bed. "Great. I'm already late for class as it is!"
The idea that Cas was going to suddenly be gone again, had Dean in a slump more and more. “Dean, sweetheart, I’m still here,” Cas said one Saturday, when he caught Dean staring at the wall in silence.
Castiel nearly uttered a totally undignified squeak when his phone buzzed in his pants pocket during a very boring lecture from professor Dawson. It kept buzzing, so it was a call. He declined it and after a swift glance at the ratty professor, he checked his phone. Dean? Dean had called him? Another glance around, told him several of his fellow students were dozing and several others were listening to music or on their own phone. A blush rising in his cheeks, Castiel tapped out a message to Dean.
Once her car was gone, he had turned around and given Sam a lecherous grin. “Time to celebrate, my Jotun?” And instead of the venomous remark Dean had expected from him, Sam had just tilted his head and accepted. That had been the start of a very, very solid, if unexpected relationship, and now they were all going into business together. Dean chuckled. He had adamantly insisted Gabriel learn to ride and handle horses, before they opened the business. With both Sam and Cas backing him up on it, Gabriel had little choice, so today it was his first lesson. Dean had been kind and not singled out the hellion mare Meg for his incipient double brother in-law, however tempting it had been.
"Bal, I think your reputation has preceded you again, my dear friend." Castiel leveled a glare at the men and lowered his voice so they couldn't hear. "Too bad we were only talking about driving my car, isn't it?" Balthazar bit his lip and his eyes were sparkling. The men ducked their heads and rushed inside.
The doctors at the hospital were curious and alarmed when Cas dropped in with an unconscious body in tow, but after Cas had explained the guy had lost a lot of blood from a neck wound, they hopped to it. In the bustle to get him the right blood, Cas snuck away and got back on the road.
Cas smiled and kissed him back. “Of course.” They chatted some more with Donna and Jody, when suddenly Cas nudged him and pointed at their brothers, who were sitting very close. “Are they…” Cas wondered.
Shaking, Cas got to his feet, grabbed his little plastic bag of supplies, and warily cased the terrain outside of the shop.
“Shshsh... it’s ok, Castiel. You’re safe. It’s just a bad dream...” The voice was soft and caring, and Cas shuddered out a breath. Another nightmare. The soft jingling to his left told him who was being so caring. “Merde, Anna. I’m never safe, and it was not just a dream.”
“Lots of us ranchers rent out land, son,” Bobby answered. “Hell, even I do. To a beekeeper, no less.” At Dean’s baffled look, he chuckled. “Remember that tiny bit of meadow we had fenced in a few years ago, because it was awash with Russian knapweed and nothing we did kept it away? Seems bees are safe from it. The guy I’m renting it to, promised to keep it from the fence for at least ten yards. That should ensure the meadow next to it is clean.”
The twelve year old boy bounded up the steps to the Delacroix house and grinned as the door opened. “Hello!” he amicably said to Annette. “I am Jack. Who are you?”
Dean rolled down the window and leaned over the passenger seat. "Don't thank me yet, bud. We still have to get her running. You gave Uncle Bobby your number, right?"
Excused from dinner, Cas went outside to the garden and climbed into the hammock. Today was another good day.
Cas huffed in fake annoyance. “That thing just refuses to be straight.” Sam snorted a laugh, and Charlie blinked innocently.
The mention of fun triggered Castiel’s memory. "Oh, before I forget... Gabriel will be joining us for breakfast today."
“No, sweeting, it should be me, saying I am sorry. You probably had a reason to take the angel, didn’t you?” Claire nodded, sniffling as two fat tears slipped from her eyes. Cas sighed. “And I bet Dean knows it… Right?” Another nod. Cas cuddled her close and kissed the golden curls. “Well then… Why don’t you and I go downstairs, have a drink and wait until Dean comes home from his grocery run. Then you both can explain it to me.” Claire gave him a watery smile and nodded one last time.
Dean got up, kissed Cas on the cheek and smiled. “Yes, sir… You are too cute to be allowed, though.”
Dean stared at him, flicked his eyes to where Cas was holding his hand between his own two hands, and back to Cas’ face. “But… you said years…”
Dean shook his head. “I love how you want the bees and all their little buzzing buddies to come and play, and I applaud you, but ‘Sensation’ lilacs grow to be ten feet, and you’re planting them in the centre bed. It will dominate the entire garden and throw shade over your lavender and salvia. Here…” He pulled the sheet towards him and erased the species name for the lilac. “Write down: Syringa meyeri ‘Josée’.”
Naomi sighed. “No. I didn’t have to. He called me, a day or two ago, saying you were being weird.” She chuckled. “Well, in his words: ‘that idjet is being weirder than his normal weird, girl. You git yer ass there and talk it out with the boy.’ So, I dropped everything, and drove over to him, get rest, get directions and...”
When Cas ordered a drink, Bal raised  both his eyebrows high, but didn’t comment. Now, Cas was quite a few drinks in, and he didn’t care. He was dancing with Bal, flirting like they always did, when a hand grabbed his shoulder and turned him around. Angry, Cas glared at the rude intruder, thinking it was Luce or Gabe. Green eyes glared right back. Dean. And he looked pissed. “What the hell, Cas?!” he yelled, and Cas had to tilt his head to hear him better. Bal pushed in between them and pulled them apart.
Sucking at his straw pensively, Gabriel hummed. “Then why is Luce going all mother hen on you? He sounded truly concerned... and did you really physically assault him?”
In a flash, Gabe was on him, a silver knife slicing through the air. The girl gave a shocked squawk as Cas ducked and Bobby grabbed Gabriel around the back, pinning his arms. “Gabe, Gabe, it’s
Gabe smacked, making Cas think he was once again snacking on a lollipop. “Wait, what? How’re you so close already?” Gabe wondered.
Sam patted him on the back and shook his head, so his longish hair swished along his cheeks. “Nah, no problem, dude. That’s what friends do.”
Dean chuckled and reached out his right hand. "That's right, we were so busy with your car, that I forgot to give my name... sorry about that. It's Dean. Dean Winchester... Yes, like the gun brand..."
!” His tone was positively gleeful. “Oh my word... this is precious! And despite not knowing anything about him, you care enough for him that you’d be angry if Naomi got hurt.”
Castiel smirked at them and for their benefit he raised his voice slightly. "I'm afraid I'm the one driving... you can lie back."
Through his phone he could hear the repressed giggles in Gabriel’s voice. "When... when did you notice?"
“How... what? I mean...” the guy stammered in a voice much clearer and an octave higher than Cas’. Cas knows how he feels. It’s like he is looking in a mirror, except that his mirror was one of the magic kind, where your clothes are all weird. They are matched in height to the quarter inch, the blue eyes searching his face, are his, the shock of dark hair is shorter, but equally messy. The slant of his mouth, the crows-feet at his eyes, all exactly the same. “Who the Hell are you?” Cas ground out. The mirror image frowned, then scowled, and Cas was gulping at the familiarity. Surreptitiously, he palmed a silver coin from his pants-pocket. You never know if it’s a shifter, or whatever. The mirror Cas tugged at his deep blue tie, dusted off his tan trenchcoat, and huffed. “Well,” he started. “I could ask you the same. How can you look so much like me?” It sounded accusatory, and Cas bristled. “I cannot say,” he snarled. “But I can tell you, this is my own face. Castiel Shurley,” he offered, reaching out his right hand, coin concealed in the palm.
Crowley smirked at him. “Our deal, dearest fellow, was you wouldn’t meet your mother until the day you died. Am I right?”
“Yeah,’ he replied, showing Cas a little flaw in the striping. “I messed up here. Only saw it when I went to do the honey coloured stripes. By then it was all knotted off and done. And here…” He turned to another bit, at the tiny flower on the front. “Here I put in an extra stitch three times. Kept counting the crosses wrong. See that this thread of the shirt is a bit loose from all the poking? Ellen assured me a good wash will return it to normal.” He was aware that he was babbling, and Cas still didn’t say anything. He looked up, with a blush that was probably burning his freckles off. What he did not expect was to see a tear slipping down Cas’ cheek. “Whoa, whoa whoa… Cas… sweeting… what’s wrong?”
Another sigh, this one way deeper. "My parents really want me to become a lawyer, maybe even a judge."
Bobby was outside, doing whatever he did, when a knock came to the door. Dean hobbled along on his clunky cast, eager to open it. Instead of red hair and grey, mischievous eyes, Dean stared at messy, dark locks and scared, wide blue eyes. He wobbled on his good leg. “Cas…” he breathed. Then he pulled the boy in, burying his nose in the tan coat, inhaling that petrichor scent deeply. He barely noticed that he started shaking.
“Tsk,” Crowley huffed. “Calls me to give me that smitey look... why Castiel, are you flirting? Gets me all tingly in me nethers, it does.”
Dean shrugged. “Nah. We all made bad choices. Gabe’s good people. Plus… they can mellow each other. Sam curbs Gabe’s prankster side and Gabe lightens up Serious Sammy. Win-win.” Then he chuckled. “And I say we all win.” He pointed at the pair. Where they had been talking seriously, Gabriel had suddenly climbed on Sam’s lap and kissed him enthusiastically. Sam, after the initial shock wore off, kissed back just as eagerly.
Two noses scrunched up in wonder, making Cas grin wider. “I heard you stop and I heard the door close on Anna,” he explained.
Deciding the best thing was to make himself scarce, before whatever the Hell that was, came swooping back and make Cas into a lunch burrito, Cas darted outside to where an old pay phone stood. In theory he knew how these things worked, but never used one, always having a cellphone on him.
Castiel took the extended hand in his own. Calluses chafed his palm and he was impressed with the hidden muscle power he could feel there.
Annette, bless her heart, came rushing in and gasped in shock. "Mais monsieur Castiel! Que faites-vous?"
Bobby coughed, looking shifty. “If you boys are willin’ ta try, I know a psychic, not far from here, name of Pamela Barnes. She might be able to shed a light on this.”
Sam grunted about exams and stuff, and Dean ruffled his hair. “Can’t believe it’s been four years since we were at that point. Say Cas, isn’t Gabriel graduating as well?” Cas confirmed it, but Sam grumbled about being kept waiting even longer, and Dean threw Cas a wink. That assbutt had knowingly done that. “Alright, Sammy… keep your socks on. I’m here… let’s see that stuff, Chuckles.”
Cas shot up. “Merde! We still need to tell Annette you’re here!” He turned to Dean, who looked delectable, and pecked him on the mouth. “Please… we should get that done in time. We only have eight minutes before Maman gets up!”
Cas nodded. “And no idea how I got there.” He glanced at Bobby. The older Hunter grimly nodded once. With a sigh, Cas continued. “Only clue I have is this,” he offered, lifting his shirt again.
Anna ducked her head. “So that is why you don’t want to get close,” she whispered. “You’re afraid they’ll end up like Balthazar, and you will have to nurse another broken heart.”
His phone buzzed with a message as he drove the silver knife, dipped in lambsblood, home in the djinn’s chest.
Cas gulped. His chest. Juliet had torn it to ribbons, acidic saliva dripping in the wounds. Surely something should be visible there...
Cas leaned in and whispered in his ear. “Sssshh. Da… that’s Dean. Isn’t he cute? I’m gonna tell him I love him. But he thinks I was trying to get with you. Play along…”
He could ask what Dean would like, and then get Gabriel to have it ready for him... that way Dean’s kid brother wouldn't have to wait... "Dean, I could have it made to go for you..."
Jack nodded and held out his hand for Annette to shake. “Hello. I hope we can be friends too. I like your accent.”
Well, at least he knew some things he hadn’t known before. Like that Naomi occasionally still hunted, if only to keep Jimmy and herself safe.
Gabriel simply shrugged. “What can I say? Some parents are really irresponsible namegivers. Can you go talk to the lady, Cassie? I somehow always end up in bed with them, and not knowing what I came for.”
Lucien! Vraiment! Vous dépassez vos limites, mon frère. Et vous êtes grossier. Il ne nous comprend pas. Je ne parlerai pas si ce n'est pas l'anglais. (Lucien! Really! You are exceeding your limits, my brother. And you are rude. He doesn't understand us. I will not speak if it is not English.)
He was sitting on his bed, legs stretched, back against the headboard, when Gabriel and Anna arrived.
“I will need your number,” he realised as he was about to shut the door. Dean winked and waved his phone, then started tapping at it. Cas wasn’t surprised to hear his phone go off within the minute.
He grabbed the doorknob and pulled. “Gabe, Anna, I will contact you.” He shouldered his bag and left, a dead silence in his wake.
Maman rolled her eyes and sighed, glaring at Gabriel. “Vraiment! Lucien and you need to understand that Castiel has his own life, Gabriel. He is not a plaything. He has his own mind, and it is a great one. Leave him be. If you two are hovering around him like bees around a hive, he will never be ready for real life.”
Gabriel didn’t answer, and the silence got heavy. “I am going to hang up, Gabe. I’m driving. Take care of Anna and yourself. Bye.” He swiftly ended the call before Gabe got his senses back.
Cas shrugged. “I thought it prudent to not land on the road, so I landed here, at the bank of Codorus Creek. The alleged gates to Hell are just through this little copse of trees, and across Trout Run Road.” Dean raised his eyebrows at Cas’ use of the word ‘Alleged’. It sounded like he did not believe the lore here. Cas squinted as he looked around, then nodded once. “I have sensed demonic presences. They are about eight to ten miles west of us. I think in a motel.”
Joshua was their professor and one hell of a gardener. Cas and Dean both adored him. He was kind, and smart, and never one to not help you out when you had a problem. Right now though, Dean wasn’t too fond of him. “Dude… look! They put a black walnut in the bed of hydrangeas! How in the hell did they think that would work?” He furiously dug around in his notes and cussed. “I can’t chop down the fucking tree… Ugh… Damnit Joshua!  Right… so… Louisiana… Mmmh…” He flipped through his books and wrote down names.
"Alright already! Castiel? Is that you?" Gabriel wouldn't dare call him Cassie with their mother fuming like that.
Later that evening, Dean was cuddling Cas close, whilst talking to Donna and Jody. Hearing the two ladies of the law were also together, had Dean raise an eyebrow, but it was also awesome! “So, bi or pan, ladies?” he asked with a grin.
“July 18th?” he mumbled, quickly doing the mental math. Four months. He somehow lost four whole months!
Papa sat down at his usual spot and smiled at everyone. “Well now. This is a happy sight. Boys, could you introduce us? I would like to know whom I am addressing.”
Cas swallowed hard. He liked the soft looking purple flowers, but knowing what they could do to horses, he started to understand why Bobby wanted at least ten yards from the fence off to be cleared of the weed. “Don’t horses usually avoid eating toxic plants?” he asked, trying to not stare at Dean’s bare underarms.
Cas frowned and real anger was boiling in his veins. He pressed his lips together and glared at his brother.
gone on him!” And there it was… “You should pick out the silverware already,” Sam continued with mirth, and Dean crossed his arms, ready to wait him out. “Too bad you’re too chicken to tell him that you like him
“Well, agent... I have a question for you too.” Cas blinked at her, totally blank on whatever she would want to know, but noting the slight sarcasm at the moniker.
"As much as it could be, Maman... I have persuaded Gabriel to join us for breakfast today." His mother lit up and her eyes scanned the table. When she saw the extra setting, she smiled at Annette and took Castiel’s face between her hands.
Gabriel gaped at them, and Cas knew he was expecting to be laughed at and told that he’d been pranked, but in all honesty? This would be a prank only a Master Trickster like Gabe himself would think of.
Jack tilted his head in question and Cas chuckled. “She said she would be honoured to be your friend, Jack,” he explained. “And she called you her little duckling. Don’t be offended. It is a term of endearment. I am her little wolf, and Gabriel is her little tiger. Lucien has the weirdest, yet still fitting one: mon vilain, my naughty. Dean is her elf, and Sam her bear.”
“GAH! Gabriel!” he hissed softly. “I-I like you too, but not now, okay?  This is the day for Dean and Cas. We can talk about this later.”
Maman looked at Castiel with big eyes and Castiel gulped. Gabriel stomped up the stairs and his whole being radiated levels of High Dudgeon.
Cas was anxiously awaiting Dean’s arrival. Charlie was holding the folder with the logo, and Sam was waiting to see, but Cas made them wait. He felt Dean should be there. It was fitting. After all, ever since his first year in college, Dean had been a constant in all his doings. They followed the same classes, were roommates, even now, and best friends. And now they were starting a business together. His cousin Gabriel, who was the only one in his family who even talked to him anymore since he had paid off his college to his parents, still teased him on the regular. “Picking out the silverware with Dean-bean yet?” or “Has poor Sammich died from UST overexposure yet?” Problem was that Cas would love to pick out silverware with Dean, but he was sure Dean didn’t see their relationship like that. Cas was certain Dean only saw him as his best buddy, and nothing else.
Cas swallowed and nodded. “Indeed, very us,” he replied, wishing the ‘us’ was also a relationship ‘us’. That warm hand on his shoulder was just so strong and distracting and…
“Oh yeah? Then why hasn’t he been here yet? We’ve lived here for years now, and we still use our own name. A great hunter like our father could have found us easily.” The sarcasm dripped from every word and Cas was straining to free his arms from Gabriel, who had him in a bear hug from behind, just to punch that smug bastard in the face.
Cas swallowed and wiped some stray sauce or grease from his bottom lip with his thumb. “Mmm that too. But at home, we hardly get burgers. Maman advocates a hearty and healthy meal.”
“Well, this is it, Kitten,” Crowley said, once again uncharacteristically sober. “I’d bid you farewell, if I didn’t know where you were headed.”
In the kitchen they worked in silence for a bit, when Ellen suddenly stopped and put the cup she was holding down carefully. “You know I don’t mind you liking guys, right?  Nor does Bobby, and Sam… well… you know that kid better than I do. He adores you and anything you say or do is okay with him. So…” Her voice tapered out slowly.
An uncanny, knowing look crept in her eyes. “You’re not American, are you?” she concluded, and Cas sighed.
He pulled a dark-grey henley over his head, shucked his jacket back on, closed the trunk and slipped his trusty knife back in its sheath on his leg.
Castiel grinned wistfully. "Only because my parents are adamant about it. But you were asking about Saturday?" he prompted.
He kept that bright smile on his face and turned to Dean, then back to Cas. “I am God. Well… a God. My grandfather… he sort of retired, and my dad… well… Let’s say he wasn’t a very fitting heir to the Throne. So I am now God.” Dean blinked. Did this kid honestly think they would buy that crock of shit? “I understand this seems an odd thing to claim, but look…” Jack held out his hand and a beautiful sunflower appeared in his hand, the petals swaying in an non-existent breeze. Within seconds, the bloom wilted, died and crumbled to dust.
He slid the guy on the broad backseat, carefully positioning him, and nodded encouragingly at Sandy. “Get in. You got shotgun,” Cas urged her, but she hesitated.
“He can stay over later, grumpy. I don’t mind,” she said, squatting down to open a cabinet. Gabriel nudged Cas right back and pointed at the loopy writing on the small of Pamela’s back.
He heard Dean suck in his breath, then the bag was taken from him. "You are amazing! How did you do that?" The rustling of fabric indicated Dean lowering himself next to him.
"I don't mind, Cassie... honestly... I'm having more fun tonight than I have had in a while. All the prancing about, the 'come-hither' smiles... sometimes, I just want to dance and laugh, like I am doing with you. My reputation makes that very hard for me to do. Once I set foot in a club, any club, in this town, people throw themselves at me. Looking for a non-committal, one night thing. I know sooooo many people, but none of them are real friends."
With an exasperated sigh, Ms. Talbot had shaken her head in the end, and agreed on the lower price. “Next time you want to sell a house, Mr. Novak,” she had coolly said to Gabriel. “Don’t bother calling me, and let the next realtor do their job in peace. I will send the paperwork over as soon as I can. Goodbye.” Gabe had cheerily waved her off.
Dean, however, did not laugh. “Dude… Look at you! You’re flushed and giggly. You can barely stand still… Are you drunk?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I know I'm protective of Sammy, but I pray to the great Gods of Rock ‘n Roll, I'm not that bad. I’d kick my own ass if I was. Am I?”
Jimmy sat down, hard, all fight gone. “Good lord... fifteen... I was hunting skirt then, and you were chopping of werewolf heads...”
“Aw… we couldn’t have that, now could we? I’d rather not explain that we are late to pick up our new son because my husband decided to have his wicked way with me.”
“Well, can’t say you’re going slow, boy,” Ellen smirked, derailing Dean’s train of thought. “But I’m happy you decided to go for it. I think Castiel could be perfect for you.” Dean knew he was blushing, but a peck on the cheek from Ellen had him smile anyway. “Now bring that coffee inside. You can stay after, you know that, right?” Dean confirmed and said he would love an easy evening with Bobby and Ellen, before work the next day. Ellen smiled and bumped her fist to his biceps. “You know you can stay the night. Your rooms are always ready for you.”
That raised his eyebrows. "You what? Why?" Gabriel gave his brother the elevator look. "And those are definitely not running clothes... oh. Wait... I'm sorry...."
Gabriel broke, his face turned red and his eyes were flashing amber.  “No!” he barked. “You don’t understand! I tried. Goddamnit! I fucking
Castiel smiled at the memory. "No. I didn't need to. A driver in the next lane saw me having trouble and told me to pull over. Turns out he's a mechanic."
Charlie, who had been watching them with twinkling eyes, shoved the folder over to Cas. “It’s just a rough concept, but I hope you like it.” Cas opened the folder, Dean leaning in over his shoulder, ignoring the idea of personal space, as usual. Not that Cas minded. The closer Dean was, the better Cas liked it. The first  thing Cas noticed was the fact that there wasn’t an obvious flower or bee in sight.
Cas seemed to think deeply. “I didn’t know Sam was… inclined that way,” he mused. Dean blinked. He knew, of course he knew. How often hadn’t he said he knew just about everything about the kid?  Except his initial religious streak, and how serious he was about Jessica, Dean had always been the Samuel William Winchester Encyclopaedia.
The woman bit her lip, her eyes swimming with tears. “Castiel... my angel,” she choked out. “Good God, Jimmy didn’t lie. You look just like him!”
“So, now you know I’m not weaselling out of our deal... Could you let me go?” Crowley asked sweetly. “I’m in no real hurry but I can feel a few souls coming due, and a few deals about to be made.”
"I said, I can help." To top it off, the guy had a warm, gruff voice, which made something vibrate inside Castiel.
do.” He motioned between the trembling form of his sister and himself. “I know I would be very upset if you croaked. On the job or off it.”
Dean smiled. It looked like Cas liked it. “Check out the back, Cas,” he suggested. Cas flipped the shirt around and his hand flew to his mouth. The larger bee was much closer to the little flower, because otherwise the circle around it all would have been too big. “It’s a new logo and a name for your company. That is… if you like it,” Dean shyly offered.
he got drunk in the first place, and when Dean pulled back again. Cas put a hand to his chest. “But Dean… What about Sam?”
Gabe chuckled. "Aw, aren't you adorable?" He turned around to the people at the bar. "Isn't he adorable, folks?" A few ladies and guys turned towards them and Castiel could feel their eyes giving him the elevator look. A blush crept up his neck and his hands curled into fists.
"I can see why. Still my favorite Datsun..." They spent the time it took Dean’s uncle to get there talking about cars.
"Come on, mes chers. We need to get going." Maman called and her men collectively sighed and followed her outside.
“Kid, if you want to call us something other than our names, we’d be honoured. I think Cas likes Papa, because that is what he and his brothers Gabe and Lucien call their father Charles, and I am more than happy to be your dad.”
“You wound me. But I don’t have time for idle chit-chat. Why did you call me? It’s not like we won’t see each-other soon. What was it? Six months from your birthday?”
“Nothing... nothing, cherie. Come. I will take you home.” He gestured at the only other living victim. “And this gentleman too, once I cut him down.”
Cas gasped. “Lucien! Vraiment! Vous dépassez vos limites, mon frère. Et vous êtes grossier. Il ne nous comprend pas. Je ne parlerai pas si ce n'est pas l'anglais.”
The whole speech had been less than two minutes and most of their classmates had not expected that. Dean had heard them grumble about ‘that nerdy Novak’ who ‘would keep them in their seats for twenty minutes with mindless drivel.’ Boy they did not know Cas. Sure, he could babble on, but mostly about things like bees and other pollinating insects. Other stuff, Cas liked to keep short and sweet. And Joshua knew that when he appointed him valedictorian. Ruby had the same GPA, but she
A quick smile flashed over his face when he heard the crunch of tyres stop, a door clicked softly and then the tyres moved again. His cousins never remembered that he had excellent hearing.
That made Castiel blush again. "I'm sorry... I guess I should have paid attention to my fellow students too."
A bit flustered, Sam walked after Dean. In the War-room, Cas was standing at the map table. His hair was still a mess, but he looked dashing in his charcoal suit with the royal blue tie and pocket kerchief. Dean’s eyes widened and the love he felt for his angel was clearly visible in the sparkling green. Sam smiled and guided him to where Jody and Cas stood. Stepping back he had to admit they looked super cute and beautiful. Dean’s white suit fit perfectly as Garth and Bess had sent a werewolf tailor to make it. The bottle green tie and kerchief set off his eyes, like Cas’ set of his.
“I’m okay. Just a little shook. And kinda scared you won’t like my gift, but…” He shrugged, very much aware that he sounded like an angsty teen. At the mention of the gift, Cas’ blue eyes lit up.
Crowley just chuckled. “Ah. You can truly see me now, can’t you?” he concluded, voice thick with smug satisfaction.
As an answer, Dean pulled him back towards him and they kissed again. “Mhh. Cas… so good… mmhh… Wanted to kiss you… the very first time we met… So hot.” Dean mumbled between kisses, and each mumble turned Cas on more. He wasn’t being forward. They both wanted this, wanted each-other. He buried his hands in the short bristles of Dean’s hair and Dean gave a soft moan but pulled back, his green eyes begging. “Cas… Please tell me you want to continue this. That this isn’t just scratching an itch… Please...”
Dean laughed and pulled at Cas’ sleeve. “It’s not her that is running hot right now, angel,” he purred, giving Cas a sultry smolder. Cas lit up and quickly agreed that an early night was just what they needed.
Gabriel sat down on the desk chair. "I have reason to believe you and Balthazar Devine have left the club together..." he stated, still eyeing his brother.
Gabriel winked at him. “No amount of sexy, French flattering will sway me. You’re my cous. Like my baby bro. Not going to fall for your French smooth-talking.”
Castiel was grumbling curses under his breath. As much fun and light as the Sunday had been, so full of crap was this Monday. First off, he had overslept. It rarely happened to him, but today it had, and that had just been the tip of the iceberg. His room now resembled a warzone. He had literally pulled almost every item of clothing out of his closet, but most of his pants were gone.
Patiently, he waited for Dean to end his bickering with Sammy. "Anyway, buddy, you got plans this Saturday?"
With a desperate cry, Cas pushed himself past the animal, and hurled through the cabin door, where Crowley sat on the cot, patiently waiting.
His thoughts screeched to a halt. Bobby. He’d have to tell him he was ok! The old guy would be worried sick!
Sweetie rumbled softly, as cas steered her onto the lot at Uncle Bobby’s. Dean came out of the shop, wiping his hands on a rag and smiling broadly. As soon as Castiel parked, Dean was squatting next to his open window.
“Castiel, I’m sorry. I thought I did the right thing...” Naomi started, but Cas had heard enough. “I know. Your intentions were good, but your actions those of a fool. Guess I now know where I get it from. Au revoir, maman.”
Castiel ended the call, and swiftly placed Dean’s order with Meg, since Gabriel was up to his elbows in dough.
“Do what?” both Cas and Jimmy demanded to know. They shot each-other a strange look before turning to Gabriel once more.
Castiel nodded in understanding. "My brothers are just as overbearing. Only this weekend one dragged me to a club to keep him company, then nearly abandoned me. And when I find a man I think could become a friend, that perdant drags me outside and tells me off. It seemed mon charmant frère did not deem the guy worthy friend material."
The next message was a picture of Gabriel. His face filled the screen and Castiel smothered a laugh. Gabriel, long locks messy in an obvious bedhead, had his golden eyes in full puppy mode and his lips were pouting. Overall and from an objective point of view, it was adorable
Sam licked his lips. “Gabriel, we’re the groom and groom’s brothers. We’re automatically invited.” Gabriel chuckled, did the eyebrow waggle again and suddenly kissed Sam on the cheek. Then he poofed off.
Sam knew he was blushing again, but he finally got his brain online. “Gabriel… what are you doing?” If he was being honest, Sam kinda liked that hand there. He’d had a little crush on Gabriel since they still thought he was the Trickster.
Sam laughed and patted Cas on the shoulder. “Dude, that was golden. Their faces were just blank for a full thirty seconds.” Cas smirked back at him and Dean was once again happy that his best friend (and secret crush) and his little brother were getting along so famously. They chatted about all kinds of stuff and Jody had just said that their dinner reservations were for Cas as well, when an unknown voice interrupted.
“He snooped around our family, killed some folks we knew, then killed my mother as he possessed my father. I was rebellious at that time, wanting out of the Life. I was dating Charles, and he’d proposed to me. I was happy, about to leave the Hunter life forever. Have my picket-fence and my family. Then the demon, wearing my father, popped up, snapped Charles’ neck and gave me a proposal. He’d mortally wounded your grandfather, before coming to me, so if he was to leave his body, I’d be all alone. He’d resurrect your father, in exchange for a minor thing. Not my soul,” she explained, holding off Cas’ objections with a raised hand. “No-one was going to die, as long as after ten years, he got what he wanted.”
He hit send and tapped another contact icon. If he was to get Dean his reward, he would have to hurry.
Cas shrugged. “I don’t know. I thought I might be ace, but now… I think I am developing feelings for this friend.” He held up his phone.
Crowley studied his cuticles. “Most certainly not, dear Chaton. Our contract specifically states you shall not see you mother until your dying day. So there certainly wasn’t a chance in Hell she’d bump into you. See.” He smugly tilted his head and walked right up to the edge of the Devilstrap. “I got intel that you were close by. So, I sent some of my minions to... distract mommy dearest.”
“I’m sorry I doubted you, angel. I should have remembered that.” Dean kissed Cas on the brow. “Can you forgive me?”
Dean smiled and pocketed the keys. “Of course I will, C’mon then, angelboy… Time to go home.” He helped Cas to stand.
“Gabe,” Cas tried, but his cousin wasn’t paying him any attention. With a scoff, Cas paid the bill, whispering to the waitress that Gabe and Danielle would leave later, and grabbed his coat.
He had barely rolled over, when his phone dinged again. Cursing under his breath, Castiel  picked the thing up again and turned off the sound.
Castiel slumped in defeat. "Your mind is like a railway... always ending at the same station," he commented. "But to satisfy your curiosity, Dean is rather nice to look at."
Cas’ jaw dropped. “Your… Oh. Oh my word… D…” He slapped his hand to his face. “Next time a professor calls me smart, I’m gonna contradict him. Sam calls you D, you call him Sammy. And all the while I thought those were four different people. I am an idiot, and don’t you dare say I am not. Obvious as your green eyes… Merde.. Je suis un fous. Incroyable…”
Dean started shaking and Cas noticed the white cast on Dean’s leg. “Dean,” he said, trying to sound neutral, but fearing his longing and worry sounded through. “You need to get off your leg… What did you do? How did that happen?”
He was always very self-conscious about talking like that. He felt like he was thirty-something, and trying too hard to stay young. But Max, gay and twenty-seven, assured him it was very appreciated, especially by Hannah. Max had told him when Dean had hired Hannah, that Hannah didn’t feel either male or female. They were just Hannah. Dean wasn’t bothered by it. Hannah was a good one for the details. Big or small, they had an eye for them. Currently Hannah was eyeing the small lake in the centre of the park. “It’s okay, but maybe we need some pussy willow at the sides. Break that hard line of the fence behind it,” they said and Dean had to agree. “Thanks Hannah. You are right, as always. I’ll ask Cas to add a few to the order. He loves them anyway. ‘Great for brood and early spring feeding,’ he always says.” After saying goodbye, Dean left the site and drove his Baby home, wishing he was going home to Cas as a partner, not just his buddy, as he did every day.
Happy Castiel was talking again, Gabriel took his chance. "I don't want you to make the same mistakes I did."
Castiel smiled softly. "Nothing wrong with that. There is more than one kind of smart. I couldn't fix a car to save my life."
Dean was still reeling from the huge announcement Bobby and Ellen had just done, when Cas came up with a house for them. He couldn’t believe how fast things were suddenly going. He sighed. His gift would not be as huge as Bobby and Ellen’s, but he had put in his heart and soul, and a lot of work. He waited until all was settled and the appointment with the realtor made. “Cas, could you come with me for a second?” he asked shyly.
Maman nodded in approval. “A true, varied meal. I like that. So much better than all the junk food your dates buy you, Gabriel.”
The guy chuckled. A sound not too faked, or grating and Castiel found himself smiling and holding out his hand.
Biting back the angry retort, Castiel grimaced in what he hoped looked like a smile. "Thank you. But I really need to get to class. I don't know how I will, but I have to."
Dean smirked, holding up his hand, so the wings around his finger were catching the light just so. “Oh, it’s me alright. And I would appreciate it if you asshats did not refer to my husband as ‘pet’. It’s so degrading.” He slipped out his angel blade, and saw Cas shake his from his sleeve as well. “Who’s up for some mediterranian food?” he asked and raised the blade. “I think I’m in the mood for some kebab.” The fight was short and messy, and after taking pictures as proof for Crowley, Cas vanished all evidence. “Let’s get home, angel. I still need to check Baby’s cooling fluid,” Dean said, wiping his blade clean.
Dean came closer, his hand cupping the back of Cas’ head, his eyes dipping towards Cas’ lips. “Cas…” he whispered. “Shut up and kiss me already.”
Maman gave the boy a bright if brittle smile. “Ah… mon loulou… Of course… If you want, you can call me… Mamie. It means Granny.”
“Oh, you. When will you finally get that stick out of your ass?” Gabriel repined. “I’m hungry. There’s a Chinese restaurant on Main street. Can we all meet up there, please?”
Dean scowled at the phone and took a calming breath. That King could still get under Dean’s skin with just a few words. “Cram it with walnuts, Fergus. Those rogues. You have at least an estimated location where we can start? I’m not gonna do a nationwide sweep.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Geez Cas… those are made with Blue Curacao, Vodka and Apple Schnapps. Couldn’t you start off lighter?”
Sam actually smiled at him and nodded. They got their phones out and checked. As Cas had suspected, his was from Dean.
Dean scowled. “Stop calling it that! It’s a Louisiana garden, not a swamp. Why couldn’t they give this assignment to Benny? He grew up there!” Cas smirked and slid over to Dean’s side of the table. “See what I mean? I can see there is a problem here, but I don’t know why.” Dean put his hands in his hair and stared at the pictures with desperation.
Rolling his eyes at that, Cas sighed, making Danielle suppress a giggle. “Just get your backside to this house, and help the poor woman out.”
The rest of the day, she kept sending him updates. ‘Dude, this is creepy. He knew that we LARP.’ or ‘He can’t know Garth is allergic, can he? Yet he just saved the dude. I am officially freaking out.’ Dean squirmed as time passed. Charlie had an LGBTQ meeting after school, but she said she’d be there around four thirty.
Thank you for reading my Destiel Buzzy Bee Bang fic! I hope you enjoyed the amazing art as well as my writing.
“Are you ok, Dean?” Castiel’s voice rumbled. Dean sighed and held his head. “No. I feel… weird.” A hand landed on his shoulder. “I’m sorry. Shall I take you to the nurse?” Dean was spared having to reply by the door opening again and everyone shuffling around to get seated.
Cas smiled lovingly. “Hello, Dean.” Somewhere in the background, Dean registered the voices of Sam and Gabriel whispering to each other urgently, but he didn’t pay it any mind. For him, only Cas mattered now. How he looked, smelled and felt. Jody was talking, her eyes suspiciously moist, and behind them several noses were being blown or cleared. Cas was staring at Jody as if what she said was of the utmost importance. Dean loved that concentrated look on his angel’s face.
Cas soothingly patted Dean on the arm and smiled. “Don’t fret, love. From the middle ages on, elves generally seem to have been thought of as beings with magical powers and supernatural beauty. I thought it was a sweet way of Annette to say she thinks you’re beautiful. N'est-ce pas, Annette?”
The stranger put his phone to his ear, still chuckling. "Bobby, it's Dean. I got a job. Yeah... I heard her sputter and had the driver pull over. Three blocks from college. Uhuh. Yeah, if you could try sooner. This guy has a test in..." he quirked his eyebrow at Castiel, who did a quick mental calculation.
good. Dean rubbed harder and Cas arched his back up into the touch, unable to hold back the now obviously lustful moan. The rubbing faltered and Dean gulped so hard, Cas heard it. “Cas? Ehm… do… I mean… are you… Ehm… Wow, that sounded… mmhh... yeah…” Cas wanted to reply, but his stomach decided this was the opportune moment to heave again. “Eh… I guess not?” Dean wavered, rubbing again.
Dean smiled and rubbed his arm before picking up the tray of cups and the coffee pot. “I know… and maybe this time I will.” He usually didn’t take the offer, because he felt too much like he was mooching off the older couple, but tonight he wanted to be with his surrogate parents and feel like a kid. After coffee, they all curled up in their usual spots besides the fireplace and did their own thing. Ellen cleaned her favourite shotgun, Bobby was deep into some obscure Japanese book.
I hope you liked my silly fancies once more. Feel free to drop kudos and/or comments and reread at your liking.
Dean stared at the hand on his knee, but didn't act on it. He cleared his throat. "Right. Thanks for that. I... I'll try and remember." He cleared his throat again and pointed ahead. “Look, we’re almost there.”
Dean was doing the same class, but their teacher was shrewd and instead of letting Dean design a new garden, which was his stronghold, he let him figure out how to solve problems in an existing garden by redesigning it, but without digging the whole place up. The cypress treeline that was lining the outer perimeter, wasn’t allowed to be touched, but Dean had to figure out where the previous designer fucked up, causing the spirea and the boxwood to look like they were dying. Also the butterfly weed was looking poorly, while the impatiens was looking like it was thriving. Cas pointed at a large patch of gardenia’s that looked wilted. “That’s way too many gardenia’s, Dean. Remember what Bobby taught you?”
“Hello, Gabriel,” Cas answered, glad to not have to look into those golden eyes and see the disappointment.
He flopped head first on the nearest bed and hugged the pillow to his chest. Within two minutes, he was snoring lightly.
“Sure looks like it, sweetheart. That would bring a lot of trouble.” Dean was a bit in two minds about it. He would love for Sam to find a partner too, especially one who knew about the Life and was able to handle it, but on the other hand… it
He stayed in his defensive crouch for a while longer, but it seemed the three bodies on the forest floor were it for today.
With a slight shrug, Crowley interrupted. “Now you know she did it for your own good. Isn’t that better?”
Castiel jumped and quickly started to brush his butt himself. When Dean deemed it sufficiently removed, they got in the car.
Cas sighed. He had eaten a lot, and his stomach was straining on the egg rolls and chicken kung-pao.
“Gabey… your father? How?” Oh...wow. Zachariah was Gabriel’s dad? Dean blinked at that. The way Gabriel had just slipped it in, was casual and dry. No emotions there.
Fuck. This was bad! Cas grabbed a container of salt and began laying down the lines, when a high pitched ringing hurt his ears and made his eardrums throb. He pressed one hand to his ear, the other continuing to pour salt.
When they had exited the cars at the house, the realtor had been accompanied by a mischievous looking, 5’ 8” guy that had shot a quick wink at Cas. “Sirs,” the lady had purred with a British accent. “I’m Bela Talbot. This gentleman here is the eldest son of Mrs. Novak. He insisted on being present.” Dean had caught Cas biting back a smile and quickly feigned interest.
Cas was deep red by now and didn’t look up. “I told you, Gabriel, I don’t feel I deserve the money. That trust fund was set up for her grandkids, and I am your cousin not your brother.”
Castiel grinned and shook his head as his hyperactive brother dashed to the kitchen. Gabriel sure had a sweet tooth. That was probably why he was a chocolatier and pastry baker. How he wasn't as round as a melon was beyond Castiel. Gabriel always claimed that it was because he was so energetic. All those calories just wouldn't stick. Castiel grabbed his book, and a plaid, and sat himself down on the lawn in the backyard. Yes, this Sunday was just perfect!
Crowley’s face became uncharacteristically sober. “I could have, but then you wouldn’t know the truth behind your mom taking off, now would you? Isn’t it much nicer to know such things before you kick the bucket?”
When Dean stepped out of the kitchen, Cas’ breath stocked. He looked stunning in his suit. “Relax, babe. We’re gonna be fine. See? I’m all ready.” He twirled around his axle.
"Mes enfants, Papa and I, we are going to a charity auction. Behave yourselves. Oh. Gabriel, you will be joining us for dinner, yes?"
In the middle of study hour, Castiel felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He fumbled as he took it out, not used to wearing tight jeans to school. It was a text from an unknown number.
In the background, Castiel could hear a vaguely familiar voice call out. "Shut up, Jerk. You don't and you just lost some of the ones I did give you, because you lied."
"Ah, Castiel. Mon chaton. I am pleased you are up already. Was the night out with Gabriel fun?" Castiel turned around and smiled at his mother. She just oozed European style: tall, straight backed and soft voiced. Her caramel coloured hair hung in thick curls from her ponytail. Her accent was almost non existent, but the way she formed her sentences was still off at times.
“Aaah,” Cas sighed as he came up to his car, gleaming white on the forest road where he’d left her. “Bonjour, Honey. I am very glad to see you again. It means I live to hunt another day.”
Balthazar chuckled. "Oh, Cassie. You sound like a textbook!" He pondered it for a moment. "Scratch that, darling. You sound like the anthropomorphic personification of Sex, reading a textbook."
Gingerly, Cas sat down next to Dean, minding the leg. “Dean… what… I mean… how… where…” All the questions tumbled together and none got asked. Dean studied him hungrily, as if he hadn’t seen Cas in ages.
“Dude… Cas has been head over heels with you since day one. I have not lived through over a decade of your UST and eye-sexing for you to suddenly doubt the guy’s devotion to you.” Dean’s green eyes found his. Wide, scared and pleading. “Cas will be here, come hell or high water.”
Gabriel shook hands and kept Sam’s in his a long time. “Hello, I think I might be intruding, but I just wanted to let my cousin know I am damned proud of him. Oh, and that his uncle Zachariah passed away.” Cas gasped and Dean put his arm around Cas’ shoulder, because the guy looked like he was about to faint.
Castiel chortled, seeing the knowing looks on several faces. "Balthy...." he drawled. "You naughty man... come on. I'll show you."
“I’m so sorry, Castiel,” Crowley said and turned away, poofing off just as Juliet made her first prowling steps towards Cas.
A short shriek and the sound of falling china had Cas abandon his bees and run to the second floor. “Claire? Honey, is everything ok?” He pushed open the door to Claire’s room and found it empty. Dread filling him, he went to the master bedroom. There he found their 16 year old daughter, on her knees, holding what looked like the remnants of an angel statue. Cas stiffened. Angel? Oh no… His eyes darted to Dean’s side of the bed, where an angel figurine, one of the few things Dean still had of his mother, should be. It was gone. Imagining how devastated Dean must be when he found out, he turned towards the teen. “Claire! How often have I not told you that that is Dean’s and he is very fond of it?!”
Lucien shrugged. “Je ne me soucie pas de ce qu'il pense. Il est insignifiant. Je crains qu'il te blesse.”
“Whoa! That’s... wow,” Gabe marvelled. “But Cassie, bud, you need to relax too. Just stacking hunt on hunt isn’t gonna do you any favours, pal.”
When Sam blushed, Cas smirked. “No,” his friend answered shyly. “Just this guy, you know. He’s a few years older, but I like him. He is fun and doesn’t treat me like a little kid. Sure, he flirts with me, but it’s just as much as he flirts with everyone else. So, I don’t think much of it.”
“Well, I guess I could hop over. I’m close enough. I’m in Watertown, so Canton is only two hours off, isn’t it? My Honey might like the short drive for once.” He glanced at the molten handprint in his jacket sleeve and scowled at the djinn now. “Thank you for having bad aim. My exposed skin was two inches lower. Now I’ll have to get a new jacket first. Cette chose t’es.”
Gabe was bouncing out of the kitchen. "Cassie!!! I thought I heard that sexy voice of yours!" He turned his golden eyes on the woman. "Don't tell me you were hitting on him, Meg." Unabashed, Meg batted her eyes. Gabriel shook his head. "One day Mr. Jameson will kick your ass out for being too forward, you know that, don't you, hon?"
baby brother and shouldn’t Gabe watch his own back. Gabriel was still spluttering to find a retort, when Maman and Papa entered the room. “Gabriel, tais-toi s'il te plait. I have told you before: Castiel is a grown man. He can make his own decisions. And his own mistakes.” Maman smiled warmly at Dean and winked. “Not that I think you are a mistake, dear boy. You look like a perfect match for our Castiel.” She turned to Sam and smiled just as warmly at him. “And you… You look like you could finally soften the rough edges of our Gabriel. Be welcome. Come, asseyez-vous s'il vous plaît. It is time to eat.
Claire flinched and tried to become even smaller. “I-I’m sorry, Cas… I just…” Cas made an angry noise and she stopped talking. Cas took a deep breath and wanted to tell Claire off sternly, when he suddenly remembered the brightly smiling face of Jack, and his parting words for Cas.  “...don’t be too mad at Claire when she breaks that figurine. Dean doesn’t mind that much.” It took all the wind out of Cas’ sails and he deflated, kneeling next to Claire.
Rubbing his hand over his mouth, Crowley hummed. “Sorry, Chaton, but I have to let my pet get you. No other way you’re gonna get taken down.” He seemed to be genuinely regretting this.
Castiel nearly drooled. "She is beautiful! I was actually looking at a 1965 Impala Coupé, but it was in a bad state, and then this darling caught my eye..."
Castiel jumped a bit when a hand landed on his shoulder. "You made a good impression, Cas. C'mon. We're taking Baby. No need to take two high pollution cars, when we can share, right?"
Dean’s lips clicked as his mouth dropped open and those green eyes darted left to right in a baffled expression. “Movie? What movie? What on earth are you talking about?”
Dean actually blushed at the unwittingly dealt praise. “It’s perfectly okay, Cas. The owner of  the design is fine with you using it. In fact… it was designed just for you.”
Cas shrugged. “Why not? Both my older siblings are in the gay alphabet soup, so I have seen and heard it all.”
The door to the study opened and Papa walked in. “Jeanette, did you hear when…” He looked up from his phone and halted. “Oh… Oh dear. Have I missed a memo? When did the boys get in?” Cas could see exactly when Papa noticed Jack. His blue eyes softened and he smiled warmly. “Oh, hello, young man. Who might you be?”
Cas felt cold all over. Naomi. How dare she pop up, today of all days? Had she been delayed one day, just one, he’d never had to see her, never had to hear her voice break over his name.
“It didn’t touch me there!” he objected. At the knowing smile and unapologetic apology from Pamela, he cleared his throat. “Merde. Alright then…” He started to lift his shirt, well aware of Pamela’s eyes lighting up with interest. Once the handprint was visible, she got all business-like.
Cas tucked a blanket around the guy in the back, so he would be more stabilised, and shut the door quietly.
Dean bit his lip, before letting his tongue sooth it with a quick lick. "Why not? I mean, you like classic cars, I like 'em. Seems logical to get you to tag along. Sammy, he doesn't like cars as much as I do. Hell, he can find his way around one, but he isn't that into them. Give him a library to geek out over, and you won't hear a peep out of the kid. I'm more of a hands-on kinda guy."
The ride home had been silent and Castiel didn't care. He was still pissed at Gabriel. For once he thought he might have fun on one of Gabe’s nights out, but Gabriel himself had effectively put a stop to it.
Not two seconds later, the radio did the exact same thing, switching through channels so fast, any sound it made was garbled.
“Well,” Gabriel mused, running his hands through his locks. “I’ve heard of a King of the Crossroads, who is up and coming... now what was his name?”
“Huh,” Sam’s voice broke through Cas’ musing. “It kinda looks like the shirts are holding hands.” Cas’ eyes flew to the design, specifically the two sleeves that were overlapping. He was right. It looked like they were holding hands. “Almost as if you two are holding hands,” Sam continued. On Cas’ shoulder, Dean’s hand tightened almost painfully.
“He was so carefully not looking that way. But also blame yourself. Is that...” he sniffed slightly. “...Estée Lauder’s White Linen you’re wearing?”
A metallic sound and then: "Really? You would? That would be amazing!!! I'm up to my eyebrows in this car. If I fix one thing, another drops off or quits working. If it's ready at closing time, I'll pick it up. Apple pie and maybe... Nope, make that two apple pies. Sammy won't mind."
“Eh,” Cas supplied indifferently. “It was nothing, Gabriel. Only three in the nest. I handled them.”
Jack smiled knowingly. “I’m God,” he repeated simply. Then he sobered. “Look, when you,” He pointed at Dean. “... dropped into
Gabriel glared at Castiel, before answering. "Yes. We were home rather early last night, so I had a good sleep. Before Lucien started bothering me with text messages at eight fifteen, that is."
Sam’s crush? He quickly stepped out of sight behind an ad board. Dean smiled warmly and tugged Sam against him. Sam blushed adorably, ducking his head. The duo started walking towards the cinema, close together. Cas gave a shuddering sigh. It seemed Dean was very close with Sam, and for a moment he couldn’t breathe from the hurt that gave. Then he shook himself. He had no monopoly on Dean. The man was free to be friends, or more, with whomever he chose. Cas took out his phone and shot out two texts.
. I was afraid you would lash out or upturn a table or something. I applaud you for containing your anger like this, but… It is not healthy.”
Dean chuckled and smiled. How things had changed injust a year. The ranch was now a full-time riding school, and together with Sam and Gabriel, they were turning the old ranch-hand quarters into a bed and breakfast. Pulling on his socks, Dean reminisced on how Sam and Gabriel had met.
Crowley gave a mock-hurt sigh, and Cas could picture him pressing a hand to his chest dramatically. “So testy, Squirrel. Of course I have. They have been roaming around a bit. Started at Stull, you know, for the cemetery. Then they hit New Orleans. My guess is they were looking for the Gates of Guinee there… Last thing my guys picked up before they cloaked themselves yesterday, was something about Pennsylvania. Seeing they are very interested in places that allegedly are gateways between Hell and Earth… I’m guessing they are headed to…”
Not looking at her, Cas hummed noncommittally. There was another reason, but that had nothing to do with Balthazar, and he wasn’t about to tell her.
She wiped at her wet cheeks. “But how come Charles never found Jimmy and me? I moved us around a lot during his childhood, but once he turned eighteen, I figured it would be safe to put down roots. We have lived in Canton ever since.”
When he hit the floor, it didn’t hurt as much as he had anticipated, and he opened his eyes. Above him was a ceiling, painted blue with white clouds and a trim of sunflowers. It was like lying in a sunflower field on a summer day. A figure walked past, stopped and turned back. Dark hair, blue eyes and pink, pink lips. A frown appeared on the guy’s face. “What are you doing? Come on!”
Cas pressed his hands to his ears. “Non! You’ll be better off without me. I swear! I’m poison! I only hurt people.”
“Rowena,” he calmly said, having the tiny, redheaded witch swirl around with a whisper of expensive velvet. “Sam is not in. He and Gabriel are picking out their wedding suits. I thought you knew.” Rowena scowled at him, then the door, and heaved a big sigh. She hung her head and waved her hand in a dainty little gesture. Purple sparks trailed her hand through the air and a cup of steaming tea appeared, hovering in the air on a little cloud of purple magic.
Castiel did a swift recall and smirked at his tendency to revert to French when stressed. "Merde... it's French."
“Assbutt! How can you ask me? I… I think I’m gonna be sick.” The world spun around him and he groaned. Dean grabbed him and guided him to the toilets, holding his shoulders as he hunched over the porcelain. Cas heaved and the toilet got splattered with purple. Dean blew out a harsh breath and coughed.
“That’s the weird part,” Cas admitted. “It looks and reacts like a burn, but it doesn’t hurt at all.”
“Here, see?” He flipped to the pages he had started on that day that him and Cas had been riding on Imp. “ That’s the design. I made it. Counted it out for cross-stitching, and bought a 100% cotton polo to stitch it on. The honey colour for the pollen and the bee’s butt was almost all gone by the time I was done.” He let his fingers dance around the different coloured areas.
Dean smirked. “It’s like a backwards striptease. I like it. Plus… those clothes? Oof… barely a difference between on or off.”
Dean patted his shoulder. "Yeah... Uhuh... that's a plan. See you in ten." He hung up and placed a thumb on Castiel’s chin, pulling down slightly. "Don't. You'll bite through. It'll be fine."
Cas raised a single eyebrow. “Weren’t you the designated driver?” When Dean started to protest, he chuckled. “I'm good, Dean. I'm 22 actually.” He pulled out his ID to prove it.
“With this ring, I, Dean Michael Winchester, will marry you, Castiel, Angel of the Lord and member of Team Free Will, and make you my lawfully, wedded husband. To have and to hold, through apocalypses and monster threats, until Death do us part, and afterwards too.” He sniggered and glanced at Jody who blinked innocently. Shaking his head, Dean got to his own part of the vows. “Cas, you took my breath away the very first time I saw you. For ages I kept my distance, not daring to dream, let alone hope that you felt the same way. But now, I can only say that I have never felt more alive, more complete than I am with you. I love you.”
They made their way inside and found Maman in the drawing room. “Castiel! Dean! What a pleasant surprise,” she said, only to fall silent at the entrance of Jack.
the Hell did you go? And how could you leave Jimmy dangling like that? Hell, the guy just found out he has a twin, and then said twin just ups and leaves?”
Gabriel grabbed a paper bag, without even looking. Castiel presumed it held his pie. "I knew it. You were born under a lucky star! Then what?"
Cas hugged him tight and kissed him deeply. “Me too, Dean. Me too. In the other dimension, only Gabriel made me feel like I belonged. And you, while you were there.” Dean gave a wry chuckle and kissed him back.
Frowning, Dean took his elbow and guided him out again. “Sure. Tell the guy. I’m sure he’s not out there smooching another.” Cas merely shrugged. He didn’t want to get smooched by Bal, but by Dean himself. Those plush lips were luring him and he found he had very little resistance. His alcohol-addled brain gave him a sneaky thought.
“Cas,” Bobby said in his gruff but kindly manner. “You did great out there, kid. Short and sweet, that’s the ticket.” Cas blushed adorably and replied that he hated long winded speeches more than he hated caviar and champagne.
. All of it… for me… Dean… This gift will never be less than Bobby and Ellen’s. It is so, so much more. No-one has ever
It appeared he wasn't. "Cas! Dude, you are a gem! Sammy loved it! I got brownie points up to the stars thanks to you!!"
A warm feeling spread through Castiel. "That's sweet of you, Dean. I got it at Basically Baked Goods, a bakery two blocks up from college."
Castiel interrupted him quickly. "Nuh-uh! You hid all my pants, save these and the ones Annette had in the laundry. Desolé, mon frère. No compensation."
Cas licked his lips and took the ring Gabe gave him. He noticed the design and smiled. It was the very same as he had found for Cas. They really thought alike. Cas repeated the same vows Jody had read Dean, and slipped the ring on Dean’s finger. It wasn't cold, or heavy. It sat just right, and Dean almost didn’t notice it.
The dust and heat did nothing to make him more comfortable. He’d tied his green plaid button up around his waist, but still the sun beat down on him mercilessly, the very air oppressive. Cas trudged down the road, his feet scuffing up clouds of dust that tickled his parched throat even more. His mind was swirling. Last thing he remembered was Juliet, sinking her teeth in his esophagus and windpipe, the acid of her saliva searing away his flesh. And now he was up and walking. Whole, as it were.
Trembling fingers ghosted over the little freckle next to Cas’ nipple. “It’s you… but…” Teary golden eyes looked into Cas’.
Cas had been keeping an eye on Dean, and he saw the tension in him build. After Bal had said his bit, Dean grabbed Cas by the wrist and pulled him towards the door. “Okay, you said bye. Now let’s go! Next time… really… like you’re that easy. Frikken posh creep. C’mon Cas… You can do way better than his pompous ass.”
Cas licked his lips, chasing the taste of Dean on them, and smiled. “I would. Dean, I want to get to know you. Why Sam is a lawyer, what place Bobby and Ellen have in your lives, how you got to have Imp, who I think is the most beautiful and sweet horse, what your hobbies are… All that and more.” Dean was blushing deeply with his head ducked, but his smile was pleased. He cupped Cas’ face in his hands and kissed him in such a tender way, tears sprang to Cas’ eyes.
"More like he told him you could be more fun to annoy." Papa said in his rich, British accent. Maman gasped. "Charles! I am certain Castiel did no such thing!"
"Well," that gruff voice said, as he straightened up, wiping his hands. "I'm sorry, pal. She needs serious work. I'll call my uncle to have her towed. If our schedule allows, we might have her up and running by the time your classes are done."
Anna hummed softly. “I know. You were calling out for him.” Quizzically, she tilted her head, making her ‘Engelsrufer’ jingle again. “I never knew what happened. Maybe telling me could help you give it some rest, let it go,” she offered sincerely.
“That doesn’t explain how you knew I was there,” Anna groused, picking dead leaves and dry pine-needles out of her hair and off her jacket.
Arms wound around his waist and Cas’ gravelly voice purred in his ear. “Did I ever mention that I think Donna is a very smart lady? We have a bedroom to go to as well.”
“I don't know. I haven’t seen the two of you together yet. My advice, being the youngest, is to ask him. Be honest and allow for critique.”
Gabriel shook his head, which was buried in Cas’ coat. “No. Never letting you go again, little brother.” It was muffled but obviously spoken with a tear choked voice.
it. Castiel glanced around. With his six feet, he wasn't the tallest in this crowd, but he did rank in the top few. Gabriel was just 5'8", but his flamboyant attitude made up what he was lacking in height.
Dean scuffed his toes over the roof. He’d been pacing here for a while now. He was thinking about Lisa. Lisa Brayden. She was cute and had pretty, dark hair. He liked her a lot and had been crushing on her. He dreamed about her at night, and couldn’t concentrate during the day. It had been like that for some time. Long enough, so he would finally take steps now. He tugged at the collar of his dark green school uniform jacket. Dean knew she often came up here. He’d come here, waiting for her. He jumped on the ledge and balanced on it a while. When the door opened with a metallic creak, he snapped his head up. “Hi! You’re here… Ehm…”
Casting him a knowing glance and smirk, Gabriel scoffed. “Yet you still call him by the name he adopted after he came to the States. Why would you?”
Castiel sighed. "It's ok, Maman. I have slept here, and I am still a virgin. Gabriel and Lucien are overreacting. I'm going to get ready for the day. I am going to a car show with a friend."
Castiel took a deep breath and contained the urge to roll his eyes. "I'm here for Gabriel Delacroix. Is he available?"
Apple pie? Castiel had thought of monetary compensation, but if Dean was happy with pastry, he knew where to get it. First things first, though.
A soft kind of smile pulled around Crowley’s mouth. “This,” he said, patting the shoulder of that beast lovingly. “Is Juliet. She is my best hellhound. You should be honoured I’m letting her reap you.”
“Eh, Honey,” he grumbled low. “How about a long drive, far, far away from here?” He keyed the ignition and relished the growl Honey gave. “Aaahhh,” he sighed. “Just you and me, ma Petite. No-one else to worry about.”
father chose to move us to France when I was just an infant. We only returned here when I was seven.”
Cas, however, straightened out of his arms and smiled. “Really? Me too!” Jody gave him a smile, answering she wasn’t surprised. Dean nudged him. Cas turned to him and kissed him on the cheek. “She said that she is demi-sexual. Meaning you need a deeper, more profound connection before you are attracted to someone.”
Dean looked totally at ease on the back of his horse, muscled arms visible where he had rolled up his sleeves, a tan highlighting his freckles. The horse moved around and Dean tugged the reins to have it behave. “No, Imp, I’m not letting you eat anything here. That Russian weed is dangerous to you.” The horse snorted and Dean chuckled, patting her neck. It seemed they were pretty close.
“If I like it? Dean… This is amazing and so inventive… Bee-haw Bee wrangling, Eco-friendly bee removal/relocation and apiary,” he read aloud from the larger logo. “Dean… this is perfect… but the design… it’s so detailed and well thought out. Is it safe to use?”
“Oh no...” he managed, before the owner of the voice came into view, arms spread widely in a gesture of disbelief.
Cas clenched his fists and tilted his head in warning. Lucien should know by now, that he wasn't angered easily. But when he was, Cas would use his anger, and any and all means he had, in a single minded way.
“This!” he called out, carefully not looking at Cas, who tensed ever so slightly. “This is why you are a lousy teammate!”
Sam shook his head. “Very pleased to meet you, sir, madam. Let me clarify that I also happen to be Dean’s little brother, before you wonder at the heated glances between him and Gabe that are almost setting the table alight.”
Castiel looked around him. Despite the time pressure, he was happy to be sitting in the Chevy. He just loved classic cars.
“No. My keys. ‘M not happy with you.” Internally Cas cringed at how much he sounded like a petulant toddler, but somehow his mouth had no filter anymore. If this was what being inebriated was like, he’d pass. He hated it. Seeing Dean’s slightly hurt, but adamant expression, he bit his lip. “I- Sorry… I’m being the assbutt. Here…” He handed over his keys and tried to get to his feet. “Jus… Jus’ be careful with her.”
“Rien, Anna. I have nothing yet,” he groused. Anna pulled her fingers through his hair and he jerked his head to the side. His blue eyes narrowed, he glared at her. “Dégage, Anna!” he hissed. “I told you...” Anna shrugged. “I think of you as a little brother, cousin dear. Nothing else. Not anymore. Anyway, Gabriel did a little digging, and he found that most victims were women. More specifically, women who were sleeping with the same guy. The same, married guy.”
“Putain, Gabriel! Get your mind out of the gutter!” Castiel snapped, more than done with his cousin. Cackling, Gabriel rolled back onto his back. “You’re so much fun to deal with, Cassie,” he gasped, shooing him out the door.
The door opened and those familiar green eyes locked onto his, growing twice their size. “Cas…” Cas wanted to answer, when he suddenly got grabbed and pulled against that firm body. Dean inhaled deeply, shuddering. Cas hugged back, scared he would let Dean fall if he didn’t.
The world turned red at those words. His vision vague and his arms trembling, Cas stood, Jimmy copying him.
A chuckle rumbled through the speaker. "No. Not that. Your voice. It's so... deep and gravelly. Makes me feel like I'm a chipmunk in comparison."
On his left pectoral, right over his heart, a burn scar stood, eerily shaped like a handprint. It was like someone, or some
"Hey Cas. You look like I could have taken the scenic route and not hurry." The gruff voice of Dean sounded amused.
As if to prove his point, Gabriel poofed in. “Hey there Handsome! And Dean.” Dean glared at him halfheartedly while Sam blushed and looked at the floor. “Just wanted to ask what the hold up is. That cute sheriff is ready and Cassie is close to self combusting with doubt that hot-shot Dean-bean will show up.”
The pie was a good offer though. If Gabe apologised for the attack on his trusty car, he might be tempted.
Whatever Cas has expected, it wasn’t a deep, resigned sigh. “I know,” Danielle admitted. “And intimately too.” Another sigh and a wry quirk of her mouth. “I can give you each and every alibi Mike and I have for each death.” She slyly glanced at him. “But I think it won’t do me much good. Either you suspect me, or Mike. Neither way is good.”
“Bet it will, buddy. This is a brilliant deduction, if I do say so myself. If your mother sets a plate in front of you with a salad, a bit of meat, a bun and some pickles, is that a good and balanced meal?”
Rufus nodded once, with determination. “Yup. 1985… Worst year of my life.” That got him a good natured ribbing from Bobby, who declared that Rufus’ mom must’ve had a lot of sourdough bread while she was carrying him. Rufus huffed. “Pchah! Aren’t you done already? Or are you just stalling, knowing those two lovebirds are snuggling on your couch?” Bobby smirked and answered that the snuggling wasn’t why he’d left.
“Well, I like it,” Dean stated, putting a hand on Cas’ shoulder. If Cas leaned into it a bit, no-one noticed, right? They never did. Cas was good in doing these surreptitious things. Dean indicated the logo and smiled. “It’s professional and stylised, yet still personal and warm. Very us, right Cas?”
“Dead?” he gasped in unison with Sam. Dean’s eyes darted between them, but he didn’t look very surprised.
Smiling at the, for them familiar, reference to Norse mythology, Cas shrugged. “Bobby and I are guessing top level demon,” he said. “But your guess is as good as ours.”
“I haven’t seen father in over a decade,” he explained. “He could be dead for all I know. Even within the life, he is considered a recluse. He’ll pop up, dead or alive. But don’t you
“Bumped? Dude you full on crashed into it. Solid mahogany and you smashed your leg right against the sharpest corner.” Cas snapped his head around.
As expected, Crowley gave them a snarky kind of thanks when seeing the pictures. “I am honoured that you and Feathers took this job on yourselves, Squirrel,” the King drawled sarcastically. “I thought you were too busy playing house to bother. I am a little disappointed that Rimmon got a smiting. He was the instigator, according to my sources.”
"Mon tigre!!! Que vas-tu faire? Gabriel!!! Dites moi! Gabriel!! Madame, votre fils est là! Et il est furieux! Gabriel!!!"
“I like ya, Castiel, but you look like Death warmed over. Stay here a while and git yer feet back under ya,” the old man had grumbled.
Gabriel smiled a little lewdly. “I thought I was being clear, Sambrosia. I like you… a lot. Wanna try the whole ‘dating’ thing with you.” He squeezed softly and Sam bit back a yelp.
"I still don't understand your nickname for him. His favourite animal is the lion, not tiger." Annette passed him a plate and cutlery before getting a cup, saucer and egg cup.
Castiel Novak, 22 and very busy designing a fictional garden for his final Horticultural Design project, rolled his deep blue eyes at his roommate and long time friend. “Dean, I want to put it there, it will attract bees and butterflies to the garden and then they will find their way to the other flowering plants.”
Stunned he let his gaze travel a full circle. In a thirty foot radius, every tree, big or small, was flattened to the ground, the grave he’d just emerged from dead centre. He tried to swallow, but his mouth and throat were like sand.
An embarrassed cough and Castiel could just picture him, scratching his spikey, dirty blonde hair. "My little brother has just about aced every test this first period. I thought I would treat him. Sammy is mad about all things pastry. Me, I'm a pie guy, so..."
Jack smiled just as widely as he always did and took Maman’s delicate hand in his. “Hello. I am happy to meet you. You are the first from my new family I meet, except for Dad and Papa. Is there an honorific I can give you, like them?”
Sam flashed his dimpled smile again. "Not judging you here. My brother tends to forget I study, and sends me texts during class all the time. As a matter of fact, just before you got your call, I had texted him back. He always wants to know my test results. As if I wouldn't tell him if I failed one." He rolled his hazel eyes and pulled his slender fingers through his mane.
A severely callused and strong hand gripped his. "Bobby Singer. So. You're snatchin' up this idjet for the day, are ya?" Taken aback, Castiel blinked.
“He’ll live,” Cas stated calmly, even if his eyes were darting around, trying to find new threats. “He just got a higher dose than you. I will take you home, and him to hospital, but we do need to go... now!”
Cas took it and carefully picked the tape open and unwrapped the thing. “A work polo? That’s sweet, Dean but…” Cas’ voice petered out and Dean glanced up. Cas was staring at the polo, his fingers gingerly tracing the pattern Dean had painstakingly cross-stitched on the chest. Those slender fingers caressed the little bee and it’s cowboy hat, then ghosted over the saloon-style lettering and the minute blue flower on the honeycomb.  “Bee-haw…” Cas whispered, his eyes suspiciously shiny. “Bee-haw bee wrangling… Dean…”
"Send it to me, before he bakes you that pie. I need that on my phone. If only to be able to get through another meeting with Zachariah."
It was a gas station. Closed, but that didn’t bother Cas one bit. He wrapped his hand in his plaid and knocked in a pane of glass from the door. He made his way inside, and hurried to where a buzzing soda fridge held numerous bottles of several kinds of soda, but also plain old water.
"I'm sorry baby brother. I shouldn't have messed with you. Your pants are in the garage, top shelf. You're tall enough to reach them." That sounded slightly bitter.
Maman sighed and cracked her soft boiled egg. "Oh, Gabriel. When will you grow up?" she sighed, making Castiel and Papa snigger.
Scratching his next embarrassedly, Gabriel chuckled. “Yeah,” he drawled, drawing the word out over several syllables.
“Sssshhhhh,” Cas comforted her. “It’s ok, chèrie. He was... a criminal. He drugged you, and all these others. I am... unsure of what he planned to do, but I had to kill him. To protect you, and myself.”
He grabbed a granola bar, because now that his thirst was quenched a bit, his stomach rebelled, clamouring for sustenance.
“Hellam…” Dean growled. “Thanks, Crowley. Keep the rest of your demon scum inside as much as you can, ok? We’re on these guys.” He was about to disconnect, when he thought of something else. “Crowley… how big is this group, how urgent is this, and do you need them back alive?” Cas nodded. His Grace had restored itself slowly, but surely, and he was once again at full power. His wings were still a bit scarred, but functional. If need be, he could have them in Pennsylvania in the blink of a human eye.
The door opened and Cas sat up. “Everybody relax!” Dean called, throwing his leather coat over the sofa, probably knowing very well Cas would pick it up and hang it on the coat rack later, and grouch about it during dinner. “I’m here.” Sam rolled his eyes so far up Cas wondered if he could see the roots of his long hair,  and snarked that everybody
! But for some bullshit reason no demon would deal. Hell, they didn’t even turn up after a few tries. You were
Castiel laughed. "C'est la vérité!" he agreed with her, as they got back to the table. With swift movements, Annette set Gabriel’s place across from Castiel’s and draped a napkin over the plate, just like Maman preferred.
Cas sighed and they followed her to the other room. “Don’t tell me you’re planning on summoning the sum’bitch,” Bobby called, alarm audible. “That might be dangerous.” Pamela shook her thick brown hair over her shoulder and patted Bobby on the shoulder.
His research paid off. At the end of Old Route 11, there used to be a natural spring, but on the more recent maps there was a building on that exact spot. A house. He googled the address, then searched the white pages for a name. “Hiya Cassie!” Gabriel called out as he entered the motel room. “Anna tells me you’re being the Captain Smartypants we all know and love. So, enlighten me.” He flopped on a bed and rolled on his stomach.
“So much the same, Cas. I want to meet this older brother, so he can give me the obligatory ‘if you hurt him, I’ll have your guts for a bolo-tie’ talk, and I want to know more about your bees...Castiel Novak, will you be my boyfriend?” Cas chuckled and Dean wiped at the tears that spilled.
Dean almost tripped and Cas chortled softly. “You’re a real funny guy when you’re sauced, huh Cas?” Dean snarked, steering him towards the bar and Balthazar.
“Désiste!” he hissed at his cousin, before directing his glare at his twin. “She what?” he asked, tone flat and icy.
As he splashed cold water on his face, he called back. "Merci, Annette! That would be marvelous! Tu es magnifique!"
Cas smiled broadly. “A burger. A burger is a balanced meal... Good to know. Thank you, Dean.” He beamed and bit into his burger with gusto.
going to let you drive yourself and Sweetie into a crumpled up ball. Look at you. You can barely stand straight. C’mon. Gimme the keys.” He held out his hand, but Cas plopped on his butt and crossed his arms.
“Bobby, listen,” he started saying, but Bobby growled and barked out a warning. “This ain’t funny! If you ever call me again, I’ll track ya down and kill ya!” he snarled, before hanging up again.
Cas blinked. “Meyeri? But that’s…” He fell silent and quickly relabeled the plant. “You are right. A dwarf lilac will only grow to be four feet. You are a genius!” He filled in some more pollinator-attracting plants, and sat back, confident that with Dean’s help he would do better than just scrape in that passing grade. Speaking of… “Dean? How is your swamp garden coming?”
"Bal, if you keep flirting with me like that, you will not have a conquest to take home with you tonight."
Cas scratched his neck nervously and bit his lip. “Well… I hoped we were, but…” He didn’t end that sentence.
“Quel charmeur. You haf picked a good man, Castiel. I approve.” And with that, she bustled off to quickly set another place for Dean, right next to Cas’ spot.
“Dean?” Cas peeked around the corner of the garage, where his husband was giving his Baby a tune up. “Crowley called.” Dean pushed his creeper out from under Baby and sat up while wiping his hands clean on an old rag.
Sam threw him a glare and hissed that Dean sure as hell didn’t know what Bobby had said, to which Dean, just as blankly as Bobby, replied. “It means, very roughly, ‘Since before you were born.’ But sure, don’t take my word for it.” He shrugged and went back to his notebook, where he was almost done with the first design, and ideas of the second were scribbled in the margins. Bobby laughed and gave Dean a compliment on his accurate translation of the sentence. Sam sulked and returned to his file. Ellen chuckled too and reminded Sam gently to never underestimate Dean or Bobby. They had their own intelligence. Sam grumbled an apology to the pair. Bobby hummed and nodded and Dean gracefully didn’t make a fuss, but just accepted. He was too busy with his notebook to pull Sam’s chain on this anyway.
Cas gasped and quickly took the shirt back. “No! I love it! I said so, didn’t I? I was just scared you had spent a lot of money on me. Designs as detailed and inventive as this are not cheap.” Dean gave a relieved sigh and grabbed his special notebook.
Dean seemed to be thinking along the same lines, because his handsome face was serious and he was silently counting on his fingers. After a while he dug out a phone and pressed a call button, putting it on speakerphone. “Squirrel! Wow… it has been ages since you called me. Makes me all tingly in me nethers.”
Opening his door, Cas slid in behind the wheel. “Castiel,” he offered, once Sandy had taken her place. “My name is Castiel.”
Cas smiled. “Oui, Maman. And if one of them turns out to be more than a friend… I will let you know.”
“Ok. In truth, I came here to get you all out, well, any who were still alive. He cornered me, and I had to fight. It really was him or me.” Not a word of a lie. Cas was proud of himself.
Suddenly the humidity got even more oppressive and from the corner of his eye, Cas saw movement where there shouldn’t be.
Cas stepped up to Jack and put a hand on his shoulder. “Bonjour, Annette. Meet Jack, our new son. Jack, this is Annette. She helps keep the house clean, the laundry and dishes done and gets food on the table for Charles and Jeanette.” He gave the boy’s shoulder a light squeeze. “She is also my oldest and dearest friend, so be nice.”
Castiel jumped a bit. "I'm sorry, sir. I didn't see you there." he quickly apologised, and clambered out of the car, slightly hindered by Dean, who had to scramble out of the way before the door knocked his teeth out.
She smirked, apparently certain that Gabriel wouldn't tell on her. "Not if you keep vouching for me, golden eyes."
Cas scoffed as he rolled onto his side, prying his eyes open, annoyed to find his long, dark lashes wet against his cheeks. “If you really want to know: it was a Rakasha, and because Balthazar was concerned about me and broke cover too soon, he got the full force of it’s rage. He died in my arms. I could barely kill the thing before was going to start its meal.” If he closed his eyes, he could still hear the dull ‘thud’ with which the Hindu war-axe had separated the head from the Rakasha’s body.
It took some time to get used to Bal and his direct way of speaking his mind, but Castiel actually enjoyed his time there. They danced and Bal flirted with him, but they both understood it was all in good fun, and Castiel even called Bal out on it.
Sam, cheeks flushed and head bowed to seem smaller, nodded yes. “Castiel… Castiel is in my class, and Dean… Dean is my brother. How could I not connect the dots? Castiel… Cas… The same guy...”
The hallucinations were the main reason Cas finally turned to go back to the cabin. He figured that when the very trees and rocks start having faces, it is time to face the music.
"Hey, is Gabriel coming on too strong, darling?" His voice was rich, with a British accent. Castiel bit his cheek, tearing his eyes from the V-neck.
Dean grabbed his phone and did a quick search on motels nearby, and he grinned. “Found one motel, about 8,5 miles away by car. The Dutch Village Motel. Wanna check it out?” Cas smiled and pulled Dean back into his arms. Closing his eyes tight, Dean took a big breath, inhaling Cas’ petrichor smell and letting it relax him. He opened his eyes to see a big, white building.
Castiel moaned when his phone dinged with a message. A quick glance at the alarm clock told him it was only eight and on Sundays that was too freaking early. Blindly he groped around his bedside table until his hand found the offending device. Castiel groaned under his breath when the glare of the screen hit him. Good grief... Lucien...
As the day began, birds waking up, woodland critters scurrying about looking for food, Cas waited patiently, his deep-blue eyes trained on where the forest road curved around a bend.
Cas winced and Dean’s bright and open face clouded over and Cas could practically see the locks slide into place.
Cas blinked. Angels? He didn’t believe in those. They might have fooled Pamela, but not him. He quickly raised the wrist with his rosary and pressed it against Dean’s cheek.
"Good god, Cassie... I know you're my brother but... damn!!!" He stretched the last word so long that it contained more syllables than usual.
Naomi dropped her gaze and swallowed hard. “Is... is that how you think it is? Really?” she wavered, her voice soft, her eyes not leaving the floor.
When Cas’ lips touched his skin, Dean whimpered, a fact he would deny for years after, and sought support on the back of Cas’ chair. “I.. Cas…” he managed, looking into those blue eyes.
“Merci, Bobby, but you’re the hub of the Hunters network here. I wouldn’t get rest, and you know it.”
I’m sorry for not being consistent in updating this fic. My Muse is being fickle and left for a long time, and my tablet died on me, making me fear I'd lost the whole thing. Thank Chuck it wasn’t gone. When hubster saw me frown at this fic on AO3, musing if I should delete it, (3 weeks after the tablet went poof) he told me it probably was saved in the cloud, since he arranged for the docs to be backed up there.
He looked pensive. “You know, when you're 15, four years is such a big age difference... at 26, not so much.” Dean sighed. Cas didn't understand the sudden mood change, and he didn't like it, so he tried to get Dean back to the playful mood he had been in.
Regarde toi... tous agités. Est-ce que je me rapproche de la vérité, mon petit frère?” (Look at you ... all restless. Am I getting closer to the truth, my little brother?)
“Eh,” Gabriel shrugged. “I think that having his son, freshly turned 21, call him a homophobic douchebag, didn’t help much. Add to that that I also told him I am pansexual and have a slight preference for tall, sweet boys, and his apopleptic rage made him have a coronary.” Gabriel shrugged. “Naomi wasn’t very happy either, but to have a coronary, you have to have a heart, and my dear old mama doesn’t. So that bitch still lives. She threatened to disown me, but hey, I am of age and Nanna’s trust fund is no longer closed to me. I can easily finish my education and open up my bakery.” He cocked his head in a way that clearly showed his relation to Cas. “How about you, little bird? Ready to wow the world and set up your own business?”
sent me back? What are you? Some kind of wizard or something? And why send me back in the first place?” It didn’t make sense, but apart from Sam and Gabriel no-one knew about the other dimension… Wait a minute. Dean narrowed his eyes at the kid. “Did Gabriel put you up to this? Is this some kind of stupid prank of his?” From the corner of his eyes, Dean saw Cas stiffen at that. So Cas agreed with him that it was something Gabe could think up.
Castiel smiled and stroked the steering wheel. "She sure is. You and your uncle did a great job on her."
As soon as Castiel opened his door, Gabriel scanned the room, taking in the unmade bed, the still closed curtains and the neat rack of clothes, airing out. He inhaled deeply, suspiciously.
Barely out of breath, Castiel pushed open the door to the bakery. A dark haired woman glanced up at him and promptly straightened up, smiling broadly.
“Simple,” came the wry answer. “You two keep forgetting I have sharp ears and an equally sharp nose.”
That had Cas smirk. “Really... so, perchance not a sprite,” he guessed. “but a pissed of wife with a penchant for witchcraft?”
Annette smiled warmly at Dean and nodded. “Mais, oui. Dean, mon lutin, I zink you haf a beauty zat stays zrough ze ages.”
"Yes. I normally don't have any cause to not pay attention. This was the first time I ever got a call from a friend during class. I had to tell him I was not brushing him off, didn't I?"
When he was training at the family compound, Balthazar had hinted that there was a solid reason for her disappearing like that, but Cas never asked about it and he didn’t care. In fact, he made a deal to not ever have to see his mother until his dying day.
So, now it was the 17th of March, and Cas theoretically knew what to expect. It was exactly why he was in seclusion, his phone dead, his car at Bobby’s with an envelope in the glove compartment, leaving her to Bobby, his arsenal in the trunk to be divided between Bobby and his cousins, and a stack of pictures of him and Chuck to be sent to Jimmy and Naomi. He didn’t want anyone to know what happened, and if Bobby came looking after two months, his carcass should have been picked clean enough to show no evidence of how he died.
“Dean… I don’t feel that way… I wanted to do this. And I definitely want to go on doing this. I was the one starting it, remember? If  anything, you should be the one objecting or feeling pressured.” He blinked at that thought. “Do you feel pressured?”
He couldn’t handle to see the faces of every civilian he couldn’t save, of Jimmy, of his mother, and even his father, all accusing him of not caring, of being emotionless.
“Zut alors!” Cas sighed, rolling his deep-blue eyes up. “The honest truth, Sandy?” The girl did a double take at her name. She never gave it to him. “Your sister. She was very worried you had snuck out to have a rendez-vous and did not return. She alerted the police, but they had nothing to go on.” He pursed his lips in thought. How frank would he get? Just enough, he decided. “The unsolved case pinged my radar, so to speak. So I came to investigate. This is not the first of his kind I have dealt with, so when I found out what I was facing, I decided to take action.” He glared at her. “Next time a guy is being cute and just what you wanted, check him out. Dig deeper, and see the glamour. His kind isn’t picky about who they prey on.”
“Fine. Be that way,” he huffed softly. “Just do me a favour. Stay alive and keep in touch for once. Even if you don’t value yourself, we do. You have our numbers. Coming Anna?”
Bal smiled brightly. "Oh no, darling, that wasn't a pass. That was the honest to god truth! Look. Several ladies here are swooning as we, no, you speak."
Dean all but ran to their room. It wasn’t an apple pie life, but for him, it was as close as he was willing to get to it. He had his baby brother, his angel, and was still active in getting rid of things that went ‘bump’ in the night. Still saving people and hunting things. And it was still a family business. Only his family was huge now, and it definitely didn’t end with blood.
Castiel held his breath for a second. Could it be that he now had three potential friends? He took the hand. It was unexpectedly strong and a bit calloused. "Castiel. I'm sure we are not missing much of the lecture, but..."
Cas gulped, then steeled himself. “Can.. can we do this... outside? Less traumatising for Bobby, once he comes looking for me.”
For a musty old bar, it tasted better than anything. Munching, Cas grabbed a paper, checking the date.
Cas sniffed in the cold air of the abandoned freezer house and picked up his knife, wiping it clean on the dead djinn’s pants.
“You… you were done? Dean… did you hand stitch this all by yourself?” Cas sounded disbelieving and Dean took the polo. He turned it over so the big design was visible and his fingers easily found their way around the embroidered bee and the lettering.
hate my given name. I guess she felt a need to needle me. Add that to the fact that D told me to butt out when I asked him about his friend, and he hasn’t spoken to me since…”
Gabriel smiled softly. “I knew that was special to you. You never left it. You never wore it either, but I remember you turned the motel on the Keys inside out until you had it. I guess...” He shrugged. “I guess I didn’t want it to be buried with you. I...” He scratched his neck. “I needed the memento. I wanted to keep you close...” Touched, Cas patted him on the shoulder. “Never again, Gabriel,” he said. “I promise.”
“Sam…” he breathed. Sam tilted his head in question. But as he was opening his mouth to ask whatever made that look come to those pretty eyes, another, even more unexpected voice rang out.
Bobby harrumphed and shrugged. "Ye're bein' too kind, son. He messes up all the time. But the idjet has to learn somehow. Next week, you got the Saturday shift, boy, and you will stand over his shoulder and breathe down his neck as he looks down the hood."
Looking at Danielle, Cas grabbed a large mallet. Danielle nodded once, and Cas hefted the big hammer. “That will be remedied, sprite. And please, let Danielle find her own way out. My cousin, Gabriel, has a few years of pre-law under his belt. I shall send him over to see if he can get her out of here.”
A pie, pumpkin no less, and company during breakfast and church... Castiel smiled. That would do nicely.
The stranger took out his phone and smirked at Castiel. "It's all in the tone, really. What does it mean?"
Behind him, he vaguely registered the pounding of running feet nearing, laboured breaths puffing and a voice yelling.
Dean chuckled and took Cas’ hands into his own. “Maybe… but you are cute and adorable when you’re all flustered. C’mere… I want to kiss you even more now you spoke French to me.”
Sam sighed and took a bite of his wrap. “Yeah, that’s the thing. He totally is. And that’s why my friends end up being his too. Oh well. At least he gets along with them.”
“Dean? Repeat after me please?” Dean snapped out of his trance and took the ring Sam was offering him. It was made out of yellow gold, whereas his was made out of white gold. The design was something he had wanted to surprise Cas with. As he slid it on Cas’ finger, he saw white teeth bite down on that plush, pink lower lip. Succes. Golden wings wrapped around Cas’ ring finger as if they belonged there. He repeated Jody’s words.
