“John found you. In the act. He called the ambulance. He saved your life.” Mycroft sighed. “We have a great deal to thank him for.”
Mycroft huffed out a breath. ‘When you were a baby, a reform law came into effect, so omega-alpha betrothals were no longer legally binding. That meant that alphas could not
“As if you can afford to get suspended when you need the cleanest record you can get to go to university,” Jim laughed, right into John’s face. “Your grades are good, but only because Sherlock helps you, and you know it. You need a scholarship because you’re as poor as shit, and, just so you know, you smell like it, too. What were you doing last night? Sleeping in the dog’s basket whilst Daddy fucked some whore in your bedroom?”
It wasn’t fear he felt, exactly. That was too soft a word for it. It was almost disappointment. Disappointment in his own behaviour, his own actions that had led to this. Disappointment that he had almost gotten everything he wanted. And he could still have it, if John gave up his dream.
John laughed. “Yeah, I know, everyone makes that face, but there’s more to P.E. than being a jock and doing press-ups. At A-Level it’s closer to biology, all how the body functions and recovers. It’s a good subject.”
Sherlock picked up the packet of sponges, and opened it, selecting a soft one, and foaming it up with anti-microbial soap before sitting on the dry bench beside John’s wheelchair, and picking up his hand.
The only surety he had was that James had both desired him and tried to keep him. Had scented him without permission. John had hit him, hard. And only later had it come out that James had known all along about John’s abuse at the hands of Sherlock’s father.
John picked up his tray, and rolled his eyes. Someone tapped his shoulder as he walked along the self-service hatches.
‘Not to be crude,’ Cam said, tartly, ‘but not all bondings are the stuff of romance, Sherlock. Bites… happen.’
“Mrs Hudson, it’s Sherlock,” he spoke quickly, knowing the line would be cut off. “Accept this call.”
“And then what? It’s a green light for access to my arse?” Sherlock folded his arms. “I’m not some… fuck-hole.”
“Oh,” Sherlock’s voice broke, and he wrapped John in an embrace. His arms were like a warm cage, that was a comfort, rather than a trap, and John clung to the front of Sherlock’s coat, pressing his face into the fabric to hide his tears.
Sherlock unfolded his hands, and pressed them flat onto the table top. “I don’t understand your decision,” he said. “However, it was
“I don’t know if I can talk to you about that, Sherlock,” John snapped, keeping his distance. “The thought of you and him… and then him
“My face!” the alpha boy screamed, blood pouring from his nose and mouth, chips of tooth scattering on the table top.
“I’d probably cry a bit, but I’d get over it,” John said, filling the awkward silence with a bad joke.
“Oh… sort of. Part time. Clara’s starting a business, and offered me a job, so I’m going to work there, for a bit.”
It wasn’t a complete disaster. After an hour Sherlock could push off from a stand-still, and start to pedal, but he kept slamming his feet onto the ground and stopping himself before he’d gone more than a few yards.
‘Fanks,’ John said, stuffing it in his mouth. His gums felt battered and awful, and he kept licking the sore spots where his new teeth were growing, making it worse.
Cam seemed delighted that Mycroft had asked. “Ah, I’m afraid I’m one of those terribly dull people who takes a severe interest in their family tree. I have been researching and keeping records since I was very young, much as my parents did. It’s sort of a family tradition.” He lifted his glass of dark red wine, and pressed some of the liquid to his mouth without actually letting any in. “Of course, we are a terribly dull lineage. Alphas and Omegas as far back as you can trace.” He shrugged, as if it was incredibly boring.
His words were cut off by Sherlock pressing his lips against his in a firm, dry kiss. It was innocent, not searching, just a kiss from one boy to another. John hummed happily, letting Sherlock break the kiss, then go back for another, a tinier and softer one, and another, like he was trying to find out how best to touch John’s mouth.
John read Sherlock’s file on the morning the young man was coming in for respite care. It made for sad reading. Sherlock’s diagnosis had come too late for drugs to prolong his life for more than a few months. All they could really do now was make him comfortable.
“It is,” she countered. “I’m twenty-one, I still live with my parents, I’m unmated, and I don’t even have a betrothed. That’s weird. It’s what I have.”
John let go of Sherlock’s chin, and dropped the dirty swabs into the bin. He sprayed antiseptic onto a clean swab and held it up in a pair of steel tongs. “Sherlock… What aren’t you telling me? You don’t have to…” he sighed, wincing a little. “You don’t have to spare my feelings. I know you live with… it’s…” he brought the swab down and started to clean the cut, “I just want you to be safe.”
“Mm,” Sherlock opened his eyes, keeping his head on the mattress. He lay on his stomach, his naked bottom pink and faintly bruised from all the pounding against it John had done. A shine of slick and come could be seen between the cheeks of his arse, and it was divine. “I was… thinking.”
John sat beside him, and hesitated, before touching. Sherlock was as tense as a taut bow-string, clearly wrestling with the urge to hurt himself, trying to block out the sensation. He once described it to John as feeling as though he would have a heart attack if he didn’t hit himself, as though he was clockwork, wound too tight, and had to punch or slap or cut to release it, or else explode and die on the spot.
Sherlock saw the Watsons arrive, and immediately went to hide in the kitchen, his face on fire. John… John had
“Hopefully you won’t have twins,” she looked at her own. “They’re beautiful, yes, but they’re exhausting.”
John unlocked the door to the private room. It was meant to be as friendly as possible. The floor was laminate wood, the bed was a real bed, though adjustable like a regular hospital trolley. There was a duvet, and matching curtains, and a chest of drawers for the patient’s things. Even the en suite bathroom was kept as free from being clinical as possible.
“It was a small puncture,” she showed him the scan. “It will heal by itself, now. To be quite honest we’re more concerned about the bruising and trauma to your throat. And the transfusion. You… lost a lot of blood.” She turned a page. “Once we take the lines out, you’ll have to wear a neck-brace for a couple of weeks.”
Sherlock forced himself to answer the question. “You were… very weak, already,” he said carefully. “I think, you were going to die. Regardless of what I did. I wanted to save you. But I was too late.”
He glanced at John’s mouth. Pursed, as he was reading, pale pink lips and just a tiny hint of blond stubble on his moustache and chin. That would probably be scratchy. Maybe nice, though.
“So, you’ve fucked other people, and that’s fine,” Sherlock sing-songed, “but when I do it, you’re angry. What’s that about?”
“John stays here,” Mycroft said firmly. “He cannot go back, Gregory. Siger would… I dread to think what he would do to him. At best, confine him. At worst… I fear he would bite him.”
And yet, John regretted being so principled in wearing gloved during Sherlock’s ultrasound. If he had only
“Come back down when you’re changed…” Mycroft hesitated in the doorway. “This door locks. Should you need it to.”
“As long as you’re happy, darling,” she squeezed his arm, and they went to take the car into town, together.
“God,” John turned his head, inhaling Sherlock’s scent like a drug, his own cock throbbing at the friction, but needing something else. “I…”
“Look into if and when he had surgery,” Sherlock sighed, flopping back against the pillows. “Someone planted a device inside him, perhaps using something that wouldn’t show up immediately…”
John scanned the list of medications. He’d only done a short stint in paeds during his training, but nothing jumped out at him as being unusual. “Is she on a PICC line, yet?”
“Ah, right.” Oliver lifted the roll-up to his mouth again. “You ok? Heard about what you did to Bradley. He had that coming.”
Sherlock was forced to open his eyes every time he shut them. He tried to look at the ceiling, but Magnussen’s kisses were too rough to ignore. When the alpha was inside him, Sherlock grit his teeth through the fire and prayed it would be over quickly.
“Mycroft, what have you done to my - ah,” Sherlock looked at John. “You’ve decided to live here, haven’t you?”
Sherlock’s cock pressed against John’s leg, his stomach, grinding against his hip as Sherlock tried to get purchase against the omega’s body. Eventually, they ended up face to face, their erections pressed hotly together as they both thrust, up and down, against the matching hardness of their mate.
Sherlock stroked down John’s back. “I love you. And you’re beautiful to me. And you’re doing something amazing. I know you’re not happy, but… I wish you could see how happy you make me. I love you so much.”
, Sherlock thought, but didn’t voice it. John’s caring nature should be encouraged and praised. If only it didn’t make him so damn jealous. He squeezed John’s hand.
'Sprogging' is what happens to a necktie if it is yanked at one end whilst around someone's neck. It usually causes a tight knot that isn't easily undone, and the tie might have to be cut off from around the wearer's neck entirely.
"People do little else, don't they?" He said softly, bending to John's will and taking his lips. An intense rush of affection and need for John rushed through him, and he cupped the man's face with his hands as they kissed fiercely, parting only when the door opened, and another nurse froze at the sight.
Stay with his mate, stay with his love, their babies-to-be. Stay here, safe and warm and loved and cared for.
Then, without warning, John suddenly blinked his eyes open in the semi-darkness, finding Sherlock staring at him. “Have you been up all night just staring at me?” he asked sleepily.
One of the things was that Sherlock seemed to have no shame. John had always known that, of course, but it had acquired a whole new dimension with the changed nature of their relationship. Sherlock would simply drop to his knees in front of John in the middle of the kitchen or living room and unfasten John’s trousers, regardless of whether the curtains were open or closed. Thank god the flat wasn’t on the ground floor.
Sherlock managed a small smile. “Yes.” He still couldn’t help feeling proud that John had, in fact, chosen him at one point. Then his stomach turned to concrete again, as it did each time after he came back to reality after allowing himself to forget, just for a few seconds, where they were likely heading.
The doctors said he’d made an excellent recovery so far, with only his headaches and dizziness remaining from the blow. That, and his occasional disorientation, and fatigue. But all those things would pass with time, as long as he got enough rest, they’d assured.
Could the fact that Sherlock had shown his devotion and loyalty as a friend to this extreme extent mean that… he was
with him? He swallowed, desperately trying to think about something else, anything other than the way his handsome former flatmate managed to magically conjure butterflies in his stomach.
Eventually, he half collapsed onto John, leaning one shoulder against the wall, breathing, just breathing, as he gradually came down from this incredible high.
“God, I want you so badly, you have no idea,” he breathed, disengaging his mouth by about a millimeter from Sherlock’s. “Sorry about the Louvre.”
At the table, Smith was picking a bit of cereal from his teeth while a wardrobe mistress adjusted his shirt and a make-up artist stroked a brush through her tin of powder.
Not because he’d ever truly want to, of course. Just as a means to various different ends. Like this case he was on now.
Sherlock hastily took it out of the packaging, making certain that it matched the description, and then stashed it in the drawer of his bedside table, together with the lube he had ordered along with it. Then he went back to his mice.
He put Rosie down in her play corner in the lounge and went to the kitchen to heat the water for her formula. As he did so, it occurred to him that this evening, he should probably write some made-up blog post about how Sherlock had almost gotten himself killed again, but keeping in line with their ‘estranged’ façade. It was bad enough that Lestrade and Hopkins had witnessed John’s old cane being in Sherlock’s hospital room, so he would have to make up some story as to how it got there. And maybe he could include the wife he was supposedly still mourning by writing that Mary had given him advice via posthumous DVD or something, perhaps addressed to Sherlock and finding John by accident. He chuckled. He should really take up fiction writing, seeing how much he enjoyed making stuff up lately.
Sherlock tried not to nod too eagerly. “Yes,” he frowned, with a touch of indignation, but still playing it cool. “Of course.”
Each of the passers-by had their own unique characteristics, of which nobody seemed aware but him. It was hard not to observe their destinations and motives, just as it would be hard for other people not to see it if the information had been written all over them in graffiti. The woman on her way to a lunch date; the man who had obviously just been fired from a bank; the old lady walking her neighbour’s dog because her own had passed away.
Grinding his teeth, unsure whether to be angry or impressed, he put them in his own pockets. “Ooh, you’re a clever little bastard, aren’t you? You had this whole thing
Sherlock quickly scanned the building from where they could oversee most of it. “Around that corner, near the lamp post. We want her to actually be able to read it if she comes here at night.” So they went over, he produced the wheat paste one more time and they plastered the fifth poster on one of the side entrances.
One reason being, he could finally show off how happy he was with John. He had already been doing this for five months, of course, but on a much smaller scale, in occasional one-on-one settings only. Having all his acquaintances over and showing off to all of them simultaneously was much more efficient, and therefore much better, naturally.
“Yes,” Sherlock chimed in, “an unidentified, limbless body found decomposing inside a trunk in left luggage office in Waterloo station. Should be fun.”
The next day, Sherlock had shyly asked, “Can I do it again?” And John had smiled and simply unbuckled his belt, without a word, in the middle of the kitchen. Then, he’d casually strolled to their bedroom, and Sherlock had followed him like a hungry predator.
His eyes widened a fraction and his thoughts were put on hold when he spotted a compact blond man with a fur-lined hood, making Sherlock’s heart beat faster for a few moments until the man turned his head to cross the street. It wasn’t him.
, right? I mean, he’s obviously your partner, but I mean…” Her voice suddenly dropped to a lower and conspiratorial, serious tone. “… your
“Besides, she’s really not that clever at all,” Sherlock went on. “Thank god. We just weren’t paying proper attention. What is it that always makes us underestimate women?”
This is how John found himself being pushed back into Sherlock’s armchair as soon as he strolled into the living room that Friday morning, whereupon Sherlock climbed into his lap and rode him absolutely senseless until he was properly blissed out. Unable to so much as move a muscle during the next couple of minutes, he let Sherlock take care of himself – which he did quickly and efficiently – after which John was taken by the hand and guided to a lovely, warm bath waiting for them in the bathroom.
“It’s too heavy. You said I was your last hope and now you’re going out into the night, with no plan on how you’re getting home... and a gun.”
. The man had just been off his head on coke. Simple as that. John chastised himself for trying to explain away his actions.
Sherlock revelled in the cooling effect of John’s panting breaths on his sweaty back, that accompanied the restrained gasps that indicated that John was trying to hold back, trying to not quite let himself go because of Sherlock’s condition. It was obvious he was feeling guilty as hell for having given in to temptation, which amused Sherlock to no end. This was probably at odds with some oath he had taken.
While John continued nuzzling Sherlock’s neck, he slowly began to move his hips, subtly grinding them down onto Sherlock. He was not pushing, not asking anything, just languidly moving like the surf of the sea. It made Sherlock feel desired in a way he never had before. After a minute, he tentatively bucked back up against him, softly gasping at the sensation. This apparently encouraged John to grind down harder and the noises he was now making indicated he was slowly becoming desperate for more. His brows were furrowed and there was a tension in his muscles that betrayed the fact that he was struggling to remain in charge of his own body.
Don’t worry about the next chapter, by the way, because it’s not as angsty as you might think. :) This is a fix-it, after all!
John swallowed, lacking all courage to do what he wanted to do, which was simply walk up to Sherlock and give him a peck on the lips like he’d always done since they got together. Instead, he heard himself say, “Good luck today at the Hall.” He cursed himself when Sherlock simply nodded and disappeared down the stairs.
“Um, well, I went to meet Mrs Norbury at the Aquarium. I confronted her about what she’d done. I deduced some private details about her life, insulted her cats. Might have pushed it a bit too far. Mary tried to warn me, to make me stop making hurtful deductions.” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t listen. It was all my fault. I don’t think John will ever forgive me. He’s devastated. All because of me. Livid, in fact.” He let out a strangled sob. “Before I knew it, Norbury drew a gun and fired at me. Mary jumped in front of the bullet. She saved my life.”
Unlike Jim, who had gradually become more and more frustrated and obsessed with Sherlock bloody Holmes as the years had passed, and who never seemed to take any pleasure in any sort of achievement at all, as long as Holmes was still out there, out of his reach.
want to talk about. Eventually, he wanted to learn to trust the right people, but that was sort of a long term goal. Maybe, for now, he just needed to wallow a little bit. He was entitled to that, wasn’t he?
Sherlock put his shoulders back. "What you've seen from me doesn't erase the things I've done, but I know that won't change your mind, so I'll let it go.”
Sherlock stared. “I don’t know, John. I can’t answer that. I can only say I missed you so terribly I had to stop thinking of you or else go mad.”
John nodded. “No problem. For the record, I don’t much care what your gender is, as long as you hand in your work and turn up to lectures. Appointments aside.” He realised they were alone in the lecture hall. If the boy had given any hint he was an omega after all, this would be very dangerous. As it was, John felt… nothing. Well, not quite nothing. He felt calm enough, and he liked this boy, despite the attitude… He picked up his briefcase.
“Yes…” Sherlock frowned. “Quite honestly, John, I’m not sure how much of an impact she had. A lot, would be a fair guess. I started going to see her out of my own guilt – I’d abandoned her to a prison-like hospital, and before that I’d failed to protect her from our father. A lot of the guilt I felt over you, I also felt for her. It eased my conscience to see her.”
“Yes…” Sherlock looked over the doctor’s face. “I keep thinking something will happen, and I won’t have to die. Something will… save me.”
Sherlock's eyes gleamed as he finally met Patterson's eyes. "This camp is very capable of running itself without the charge of a hot-headed ranking officer. It's unethical for a company to be following the command of a corrupted officer. I, myself outrank even you, Major General."
"I think you can be. Maybe you're not as a rule, but that hardly matters. It matters who you're kind to."
John let his legs give way, gradually settling on Sherlock’s pelvis, sweat running down his neck as he rocked back and forth, riding the alpha in an inexperienced motion led by a chase for pleasure.
He glared up at the building, and with the speed of his kind, flitted into a broken window, and began to ascend the rotten staircase.
“You’re so gorgeous,” John smiled, leaning over, changing hands so his right hand was gently stroking at Sherlock’s pubic hair, the tops of his thighs, firmly squeezing the muscle, dragging his hand over the rough twists of hair that had grown back straggly after being shaven off a few times.
Sherlock realised his paper was scrunched up in his hands, his nails digging into his palms in terror.
“One they remind me of constantly,” Sherlock’s voice sounded tight. “The worst result for them would be beta, as the line would be cut off entirely, but it’s what I want. I want to be a beta. I don’t want to care for Eurus, or have to mate with some stranger they choose for me. Doctor Watson…” Sherlock leaned forward, and John knew he wasn’t putting on his pleading eyes, this time. They were real. “Doctor Watson, I know you barely know me, but I’m asking you… can you arrange for me to have a private internal exam? Off the books.”
Bringing them to the bed, Sherlock broke the kiss as he allowed John to get situated, though John hardly let Sherlock more than a few inches away from him, capturing his lips again once he was situated, his legs hitched up, squeezing Sherlock's waist.
The nurse went away, and Sherlock came through the door a moment later. He looked at John, and his face turned stricken.
“Here,” John helped him to lie down, arranging their bodies and legs, as they would stay stuck together for at least twenty minutes. He kissed Sherlock’s bond bite again, licking off a line of blood. “Does it hurt?”
“No,” Victor said. “But then… I try not to think about it. My dad bonded with my mum and it wasn’t planned. I don’t know how I feel about that. And you’ve got John.”
“I love you,” John said again, moving to kiss Sherlock’s hair, his ears, his neck once again. “Can I touch you? I want to touch you, my Sherlock.”
him… And god, John wanted him back. He didn’t need the soft feeling between his arse cheeks to tell him that.
a rest,” Sherlock fumbled for the brake, and snapped it on, so the wheelchair tipped violently. “Let me out.”
“What a stupid boy,” Mycroft shook his head. He spoke to the driver. “Move. Drive as close to the flat door as you can. Slowly. If you have to hit people, I’d rather we pushed them out of the way rather than flattened them.”
Sherlock pulled his fingers, dripping with saliva, from John's lips. He leaned up to kiss him as his wet hand wrapped around John's cock. John's tight heat was pulling him in, draining his self control, especially once he had glimpses of the red blood he'd drawn to the surface of the man’s skin. His tongue swept John's mouth, swallowing his moans as Sherlock angled his hips to meet John's prostate.
John narrowed his eyes, but settled back down. “I don’t know, Sherlock. I can’t think about that right now. I’ve got to get through this custody bullshit first. I can’t start thinking about plans like that.” He took Sherlock’s hand, as the alpha looked slightly hurt. “I’m not sitting around waiting for that,” he said, “so don’t worry about it. I’ve already got everything I want.” He cocked his head to one side. “Have you?”
“Mm. Will need to consider… other factors... post-coital high…” Sherlock’s breathing was slowing. “Biological response to… something.”
Sherlock answered the door to a dirty and bloody Lestrade, and a John who was white as a sheet and stinking of alpha anger and his own piss. It took Sherlock a second to think to step back and let them both in. “What the hell…?”
He shuddered, thinking about flipping his collar up. And it was only going to get warmer as the year went on.
“Yeah… You look like you’re struggling, though,” John nodded at the bulge straining in Sherlock’s trousers. “D’you want me to –”
John spent the bus journey to Catterick staring out of the window, telling scraps of his story to James Sholto – an old friend, who was enlisting at the same time. John skipped over a lot of it. He skipped over the emotional and psychological abuse wrought on him by Sherlock’s father. He skipped over his dependence on heat-suppressors. He skipped over just how much he loved Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock bit his cookie. “I know I don’t exactly stay out of fights, but… if they all came at me, and I was having… I don’t want to end up with them. I don’t want it to
“I remember what it’s like, being your age, and newly matured. I remember. But you mustn’t act like that. You can’t. Not everyone will behave like me. Not everyone will take care of you.” He tapped the glass of water. “I think you need a moment to yourself. You made me do that, Sherlock, you know that? What would your mother say? Your father? Your friends?”
John’s uterus, entirely ruptured by the force of the blow, had to be removed. There was no saving the organ – John didn’t have enough blood to keep himself alive, let alone heal something so massive.
Sherlock sat on the ground, beside the bike sheds, cigarette in his mouth, making no attempt to wipe the tears that were coming.
Finally, Sherlock got to Lestrade meeting him on the riverside, and shrugged as he finished talking.
John blinked, then shook his head, grabbing a towel from the radiator and clamping it over Sherlock’s chest, pressing hard with one hand as he snatched his phone, and pressed ‘Call’.
John dropped the leaflets on the floor – just loosened his grip and let them fall. “Fine. Whenever’s good for you.”
John watched the other Holmeses shrug, and walk off together towards the drawing room. He sat for a moment, arms wrapped around his chest, thinking.
He hadn’t slept well, the nights following Sherlock’s departure. John felt that tight grip on his shoulders every time he closed his eyes. He checked his door was locked three or four times before risking climbing under the covers. He only felt safe enough to fall asleep when he knew Mycroft was in the house, which was now only once or twice a week.
“You can’t know everything, even if you are a know it all,” John smiled, and Sherlock smiled back, the mood lifting slightly. “It’s ok.”
"Yes. We have a couple of spare rooms... We could both get the car tomorrow after school... If you wanted," he shrugged, praying to whatever gods were listening that John would say yes.
John joined the running team at school, still nervous about playing a sport that was too physical, and he found that he was actually very good at running short distances at speed. To the extent that the coach collared him after practice, one day.
The omega slammed the door to 221B as he got back, kicking his shoes off and mooching up the stairs in a huge sulk. His still-unopened envelope was tucked under his arm.
,” Sherlock hissed. He glared at John as if he was solely to blame. “This…” he wrenched off his scarf and coat as he spoke, “this is not what I wanted, alright?”
John swallowed. “O – only s…” he couldn’t look Mycroft in the eye. It was a gross thing to own up to, particularly to an alpha. “Scenting my neck.”
Lucy’s hair had completely dropped out the day they arrived (John collected the wet strands and dried them out before sealing them into an envelope, though he wasn’t sure why), and she was as bald as an egg aside from her eyebrows. John felt sorry for her, and made her wear a pink hat.
Sherlock grabbed his head in both hands, kissing him hard, fast, desperately, making him topple backwards onto the bed as Sherlock climbed over him, still kissing, through tears, and with shaking arms. This couldn’t be real, because John would never say this to him, never, ever, ever…
me you wouldn’t rush into this. You don’t have to get bonded, and especially not to that – that man. What are you thinking?!’
“It’s done now, isn’t it?” John asked. “Had my… first bite. I don’t need to bite anyone ever again. You said so.”
Her dark eyes, like wells, went wide. “Oh…kay? You left my brother alone and mourning his omega mate. You abandoned your mate. What sort of omega does that?”
John leant Sherlock the spare jumper. It took the two of them to get it on, as Sherlock was having trouble raising his right arm, and once it was on it drowned the student. It bagged at the neck, showing off the bandage and the red skin.
John loved the private time they shared together because it was when Sherlock was the most humane. In front of people who judged him and spoke about him when they knew he could hear he was cold and unfeeling, simply stating what needed to be said and most of the time more than was usually allowed. He never let anyone pass his walls if he could help it, not even his own brother was yet to manage to draw out the real Sherlock. But John had. John had watched him dance around the kitchen and John had sat with him when he cried and John had played cluedo and eye spy and operation and whatever little game Sherlock came up with that day. He knew how he liked his coffee and how to tell when he was upset or when he needed a distraction. He understood when he needed his own space or when he just needed someone to be in the room with him. He could tell when Sherlock needed to just stop and rest or when he needed a case to mentally keep him going. He knew all the things no one else noticed or were allowed to see and he was flattered whenever he really thought about the fact that Sherlock had allowed him to see the side of him no one else had.
"I mean what would she think, friend or lover?" Sherlock briefly looked relieved but then the emotion disappeared entirely, as if it had never existed.
"You don't have to say that." He finally muttered, refusing to make eye contact even though he'd been non stop staring at him for the past 10 minutes.
"Phenylethylamine, a chemical formed when looking someone directly in the eyes." He elaborated, as if this somehow explained everything.
Suddenly the month of silence made sense, suddenly Sherlock stopping him from going on his dates made sense. Suddenly Sherlock moping around when John brought home another girlfriend made sense. Suddenly the 'accidental touches' and the prolonged eye contact made sense. Everything suddenly came into clear focus and the leg now brushing his own became painfully obvious, as if it was purposely placed there to remind him. John didn't know what to say or what do do, but his first thought was to comfort Sherlock, who still looked downright terrified.
"Yup." Sherlock replied, popping the P. John shook his head slightly and went back to simply staring at Sherlock, savoring the peaceful bubble that had encaptured them and hid them from the outside world. When it was just the two of them alone they were like different people, laughing and joking and accidentally touching and apparently having intense staring competitions. Around others they kept to themselves more, exchanging words as friends and acting just like everyone expected a self-proclaimed sociopath and his army Doctor coworker to act. But away from prying eyes they were just Sherlock and John, away from the expectations of society they were truly themselves.
"You may think you're good at hiding your emotions but I'm pretty good at reading between the lines."
"What did he say? It all sounded like a load of rubbish to me." John thought out loud, trying to recall exactly what Moriarty had said.
Instead it seeped through the cracks of the pavement and lined the patterns of his hands, like a scarlet map pointing him towards the unavoidable scene lay before him. Broken skin, shattered bones, open and exposed for any prying eyes or looting hands to explore. A mouth still frozen in fear, eyes glassy with what once would have been tears, hands lay bruised and bent on the cobble from countless acts of defiance and useless self defence, a last stand against what was now the inevitable. Time seemed frozen yet it never truly was, despite being only a concept it still seemed to tease with its nonexistent fingers and twirled the clock hands round when it didn't even matter. The blood was cold and drying, the outside world still bustling as if there wasn't a body lying just out of sight and a detective slumped on the wall, heart pounding and shoulders heaving and throat seizing up.
"Don't think about it. Just answer one question for me." John suggested, and after a moments hesitation Sherlock nodded.
"Sherlock? Hello? Are you alright?" John asked concerned as he walked into 221B to find his husband sitting on the floor staring at the wall with their marriage certificate on. He flinched suddenly when he noticed John crouched besides him, clearly not having heard him walk through the door or anything he'd said up until now.
"I didn't say anything." Sherlock replied innocently, walking towards the front door and unlocking it.
It didn't last for long though because he heard a loud cough from the drivers seat and realised they were stopped in front of 221B and the taxi driver was watching them expectantly, an amused expression on his face. John begrudgingly looked away and smiled awkwardly at the cabbie, handing over a tenner before climbing out the cab. Sherlock followed and stood beside him as the taxi drove away, looking down at him with a smug smile. They never spoke about their little competitions but they were both aware of their existence, and for once John decided to address the look of victory on his best friends face instead of pretending it wasn't there.
Running through the streets, playing cluedo on the floor, dancing behind closed curtains, eating dinner at angelos, whispering in the darkness, travelling around the city, spending seconds just staring at the other and feeling a complete sense of trust. No matter how hard he stared John didn't stare back now, never would again and never could again. Sherlock moved without his brains permission, joints resisting and bones grinding against each other in a harsh snapping sound, similar to what would've been heard beneath John's swollen skin. He gently reached forward and brushed down John's eyelids, sending him into an eternal tortured sleep. He didn't look like he was sleeping and he certainly wasn't, but Sherlock could only do what the hopelessly naive John would have wanted and that was to lay him to rest.
"That doesn't count." Sherlock said quickly, his eyes widening at the idea of losing over something so tiny.
"I dont  have any other data to base it off, but in my opinion that was more than okay." Sherlock replied, noticing the little look of surprise that crossed johns features.
"Shhhh love, I'm here." John whispered over and over again, eventually getting through as Sherlocks tears subsided and he loosened his iron grip on his jumper. John threaded his fingers into Sherlocks hair and played with the curls, something John had learnt made Sherlock sleepy. They sat there for what seemed to be forever as Sherlocks tears dried on his face and John whispered words of comfort every now and then.
"Perhaps we should go home before that happens then, we don't want to damaging your ego in public." John said before they did start actually arguing, which had happened due to their casual banter many times before. It wasn't that they were annoyed at each other strictly speaking, they just both knew how to wind the other up and sometimes it went too far.
"Well I am now. They're very calming, when you aren't glaring at me, and just a nice colour, not that I can really tell which one most of the time." John mused, paying attention to the little specks of green hidden in the depths of blue.
Sherlock was surprisingly asleep, but then John remembered he hadn't actually slept for the last two days so he was probably mentally and physically exhausted from all his fumbling and deducing. John stripped off his clothes and climbed under the covers, trying his best not to wake his boyfriend who would be extremely grumpy if he did. It wasn't very late, only just gone 10 actually, so John just lay there appreciating the silence and the calm and the simplicity of laying with the man he loved, even though he didn't actually know he was there.
John wanted to comfort him but before he even had the chance Sherlock flew out his chair and was in his bedroom before John had even left his seat. Immediately John followed him, knowing what Sherlock was capable of when he was distraught. He knocked on the door and the shuffling inside stopped.
There were no urgent cases that had to be solved and no experiments Sherlock could come up with that would amuse him, so John suggested they go and watch a film at the cinema.
"I specifically told you I wouldn't talk for days on end when we first agreed to live together, don't tell me I'm not quite living up to your expectation now that you're feeling lonely. It's not my fault you can't seem to keep a woman." Sherlock retorted spitefully. John stared at him for a moment, knowing Sherlock was purposely trying to hurt him so he would leave. He wouldn't allow it to work this time.
"Why does it matter to you how I feel?" Sherlock snapped. John gave him the look that he usually got from Sherlock, the one that spoke dont-be-stupid-you-know-why. 9 times out of 10 John honestly had no idea what Sherlock was on about, but he was certain the man understood him on this occasion.
"I'm only looking forward to being able to cuddle with you for 2 hours, the film however not so much."
"Look, it's meant to be a romance, and we haven't been on a proper date in ages." John said, trying to convince Sherlock to let him see it. The film looked wonderful and had 5 star ratings all round, even Sherlock could appreciate that.
"No, don't do that. You and I both know you're being unreasonable." John stated, watching Sherlock frown deeply.
"Don't even think about it." Sherlock said quietly, shuffling slightly as if the very thought of being tickled made him uncomfortable.
"Friend, but he'd raise his eyebrows in the way that makes me want to swing at him" Sherlock said is disgust.
There was nothing he could do to stop the emotions, to stop time and reverse it so far that they had never met. To go so far as to ensure John was never shot and sent home with scars that never really healed. Because not even the great Sherlock Holmes could change what had already been decided, no matter what the consequences. The body lying on the street would be carted off to St Barts where a tearful Molly Hooper would clean it up and uselessly put it back together again, then it would be placed in a coffin and buried underground where no one could hurt it again. But little did that body know that on the surface so many people would be hurting, most of all the detective who could never cope with emotional trauma like everyone else did. Victor Trevor was the first case, he completely forgot of his existence. Mary was the second, he almost got himself killed because of a dead woman's words. And know there was John, the climax of all despairs locked into an arena with Sherlock stranded on the other side, ready for the first blow to hit him square in the chest where the flame burnt brightest.
"I did you know." John whispered, sounding close to his ear. Sherlock looked to his left to find John sat beside him, his head resting back against the wall and his eyes taking in Sherlocks tear stained face.
"If you manage to make tea without breaking eye contact then yes, otherwise no." Sherlock said, his competitive side showing.
"She's gone." Sherlock forced out between the tears, leaning back slightly to stare panicked into John's eyes.
Sherlock felt the panic like a cluster of sparks in his abdomen, like a hurricane of knives in his throat, like an iron grip on his heart. His brain was processing the information quicker than he could bare to acknowledge it -John blood dead murder cold gone left me- and his body was refusing to respond to the frantic commands he was shouting at it. He was too late to save the only man - best friend blogger saved me gone blood- he'd ever pledged to protect above his own life, too late to stop the light from fading from his eyes and the twitching of his clawing fingers from slowing. If this is what it is he didn't want it, he would have jumped head first off that rooftop until the planet caved in and the stars faded out just to save him. John wasn't meant to die -soldier blood safe home dead war- yet Sherlock had ensured it the minute he'd met John on the doorstep of 221B, had the scriptures written and the stars aligned just from the shaking of his hand.
"I know." His voice was surprisingly even for someone who still had tears slipping down their cheeks.
"Okay, I know you're too stubborn to lose at anything so if this goes on for longer than necessary can we have a tea break?" John questioned, hoping he could have at least 1 minute to compose himself.
"How about I make us some tea?" John suggested the only thing he could think of to break the silence. Sherlock nodded slightly and followed John silently into the kitchen. He stood to the side as John put the kettle on boil and got out their favourite mugs, putting two teabags in each before getting out the sugar. He glanced a look at Sherlock who was staring right back at him, but quickly looked away when their eyes met. Sherlock wasn't one for bowing down to something as feeble as eye contact.
"But you still looked away Sherlock, so I win." John said happily, and when he didn't receive a reply from the sulking man on his lap he finally disconnected their eye contact and rest his head on the back of the sofa, chuckling at Sherlocks expression and closing his eyes.
"The opportunity has never arose until now." Sherlock answered, turning slightly in John's arms to meet his eyes.
"It's alright, I'm pretty sure you've got my hands right now anyway." John said, lightening the mood of the room slightly. Sherlock clasped John's hand tightly to emphasise the fact that he wouldn't let go, not unless he was sure it was the right thing to do.
"It's more fun watching you figure it out." Sherlock responded, smiling ever so slightly. John glared at him, when did this turn into a guessing game?  He sighed in defeat, wracking his brain for people Sherlock knew before him.
"Speaking of prizes, I still have to collect my prize for winning." John remembered, twirling one of Sherlocks curls around his finger.
"Lover." John stated without hesitation, sure of what he wanted now that he knew there was a possibility it could happen. At first the smile on Sherlocks face was small, but then it spread bigger and bigger until he was beaming with happiness. If John was afraid for even a second he'd get rejected that fear disappeared in a millisecond.
"German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish, Korean, Turkish, Dutch and a little Japanese and Chinese, though I'm yet to try and write in it." Sherlock listed off, as if it wasn't a big deal. Meanwhile johns draw had literally dropped, and there he was before thinking his fluency in German was impressive.
He wanted to scream, wanted to rip his throat to shreds with the pain consuming him. His whole body shook with the force of his sobs, uncontrollably vibrating down his spine and sending further jolts of pain up his back. He couldn't live without John, he couldn't barely manage day the to day life when he moved out and now he was expected to be without him completely. He didn't deserve this. John didn't deserve this. Sherlock wasn't a good man, redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of John's friendship, but now he didn't even have that. Victor Trevor was dead, Mary was dead, and now John was dead too.
"Perhaps I'll let you hold them more often then." John replied, entwining their fingers together to show he didn't mind either. Nothing mattered anymore, not social standards or his parents or his sister or his reputation or even his own beliefs. It was just Sherlock, who had jumped into his life and taken it over from the moment he winked from that doorway, enticing him into the world beyond 222B Baker Street.
"Friend or lover?" Sherlock asked, but John knew he already knew the answer, even someone as inexperienced as him could read the signs.
"Because I can't sing at all, so if I sing you'll sound 100 times better in comparison." John reasoned, and after a moments consideration Sherlock placed the violin back against his neck.
"I don't know, just you in general." John replied, not knowing how to articulate his thoughts. Sherlock gave him the look that said he needed to elaborate if he wanted a serious answer.
"Love you bear." John yawned, closing his eyes once more and drifting quickly off to sleep. The last thing he heard before he lost consciousness was a small,
"It's nothing to be ashamed of Sherlock, we're all on the autistic spectrum and it's not something you can help, it's just who you are." John said, smiling warmly. Sherlock sized him up for a brief moment before sighing with a smile.
"Think I want it to stay." John sang on his own, peering up at Sherlock and seeing the same love in his eyes that shone in his own.
Perhaps there was someone Sherlock wanted to protect, that made more sense if he thought about it enough. But Sherlock didn't truly care about other people, he didn't care who he upset or how rude he was or how many lives he ruined as long as the case was good. Would Sherlock really risk his life to protect someone?
Unfortunately it did come to an end and by the time the title screen had appeared John had tears in his eyes, not having expected such a bitter sweet ending. As the lights came back on he untangled himself from Sherlocks arm and stretched, his bones creaking from having not moved for two hours. John glanced at Sherlock and grinned when he saw the look of utter betrayal on his face, as if the film had bypassed some universal law about happy endings.
"But it's a musical John. With dancing and singing and unrealistic plot devices." Sherlock argued, pouting softly.
Sherlock had been in his mind palace for almost 3 hours and frankly John was sick of the silence. The electricity was out and all he had to keep himself busy was the stupid newspaper and a wireless radio that only had 2 stations. He didn't so much mind the 80's one, but the classical one made him want to jump out the window. His laptop had died mid way through typing up the Great Game blog and he was almost certain it didn't save which meant he'd have to type the whole thing out again. Typical.
Sherlock began playing, and despite them having not agreed on who was singing which part John knew he'd have to start anyway. On his cue he took a deep breath and started the song.
John led the way out the cinema and put the empty popcorn box in the bin after having been pleasantly surprised when Sherlock ate some. They strolled out the cinema and hailed a taxi, their hands joined between them as they argued about whether the ending was movie history or a huge disappointment, (it wasn't hard to guess who's opinion was who's.)
To Sherlock blood was no more interesting than any other experiment or mess that needed cleaning. It speckled on his dressing gown when his petri dish came to life, it dusted his sterile gloved fingertips when his cases did not. Every time he was in it's presence he neither noticed nor cared for its smell, it was so ubiquitous and to him no more significant than the smell of the car fumes down the hectic streets or the undertone of tea that was ever-present. However this time was different, the metallic scent was in his mouth and on his clothes and polluting his mind, it was not where it should be and far from doing its job.
After 15 minutes of defending himself he typed out a not too detailed tweet so his followers wouldn't question him too much, and pressed send when he decided it was okay.
"Much." John whispered back, before slowly leaning in and pressing his lips against Sherlocks. They were soft and warm against his own and he softly kissed him, relieved when Sherlock timidly returned the kiss. His stomach was doing back flips but he ignored it, concentrating on moving his mouth as gently as possible. When he pulled away Sherlock followed him, their lips only disconnected for a second before Sherlock joined them again. John made a little noise of surprise but kissed him back, being less careful this time yet still gentle. He slid his tongue along sherlocks bottom lip and Sherlock breathed sharply through his noise but didn't pull away, instead pressed a little harder. Johns hand stroked sherlocks cheek softly, and sherlocks hand had somehow found it's way to the bottom of johns neck. Eventually they both pulled away from each other and John observed sherlocks expression, which seemed both equally surprised and happy.
"I have a rule for you." Sherlock said, thankfully moving the conversation away from him watching John go to the toilet. John raised his eyebrows in question, curious to know what Sherlock could possibly put a rule on.
It was an execution of the worst kind, a murder so foul even Sherlock would have backed away in disgust if he were just another face, just another twisted man trying to do a twisted world some right. Someone had done this, someone had bound his John and beaten him, tortured him, made him beg for some kind of release from the hell he was forced to live through for no reason other than who he was friends with. Someone had murdered him in cold blood, his hands stained red with the nature of the crime so mercilessly committed. Yet Sherlocks hand were just as red, he may as well have been holding the knife, for Moriarty wouldn't have blinked twice at the ex-army doctor had it not been for his warm hold on Sherlocks heart and Moriarty determination to burn it.
Also, the chance of Eurus carrying out two assassination attempts simultaneously in two different places miles apart was rather small. Then again, being Jim Moriarty’s sister, she might very well know some people who were more than willing to help her out with such minor logistical problems.
“Today? This is our hundredth day as a couple? I… er… hadn’t realised,” John admitted. “Quite an eventful hundred days, eh?”
He wished he could just take Rosie and all their stuff and go to Baker Street. But Sherlock had probably been right that it was for the best this way.
“Champagne,” Sherlock chuckled, rolling onto his back. “Besides, I’m starving. I don’t think I’ve actually eaten since breakfast.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, distractedly. “I’d kind of forgotten about it with all the stuff going on in the past weeks.” He cleared his throat and fiddled with the honey dipper in the jar of liquid gold on the table.
Sherlock revelled in the feeling of their stomachs touching skin to skin and pulled John even closer to him.
At any rate, after everything that had happened – after everything that this woman had turned out to be
The one striking thing, besides her brilliant acting, was that she was holding her right hand in a strange way, as if her wrist hurt. Like it had been sprained – from something suddenly having been knocked out of her hand.
“I’ve never been able to catch him,” Sherlock had told John. “I assumed Moran was a ‘him’. Stupid. Biggest mistake of my life. Well, second biggest.”
Such a nuisance that he didn’t have John at his immediate disposal anymore. John might very well be able to derive something from all this about Bob’s character that Sherlock was missing.
He listlessly flopped back onto the bed, hugging the garment to his naked body. He threw his head back, closing his eyes as he imagined John was there, hovering over him, partly undressed and with his hard cock patiently leaking pre-cum, as he whispered sweet nothings into Sherlock’s ear like he always did.
He had a fair point there, of course, but still, it just wouldn’t do. “A private diary, then?” she suggested. “Just to get it out of your system?”
Dear readers, so here's the last chapter of Part Two. I hope you're enjoying this story so far. (If you do, I love hearing what you like about it in a comment! :D)
The moustached man that entered their room showed signs of both anger and grief. “Good afternoon,” he said politely, clutching his hat in front of his rather voluminous belly. There was sweat on his forehead, despite the relatively cool temperature for June. He had obviously been worried sick for hours, most likely about a child. Also, he was an earl.
They lay there, loosely embracing and getting used to the idea of being each other’s future husbands.
Smith stepped closer to the bed and leaned over him, until his face was only a few inches above Sherlock’s. “Lovely,” he whispered.
“Shall we go there right now?” John asked, timidly excited, as they headed for the main road together. “To choose our rings?”
? I mean, that hardly makes any sense, if Redbeard only had a single wound. On his chest, no less. Tell me, was Redbeard lying on his back also, before he was attacked?”
His fond reaction made her feel wonderfully warm inside. To be appreciated, to have accomplished something, however small.
“Just so you know,” Vivian said, “I can confirm with certainty now that this is Rose from The Peppers. During a computer chat session in which Lady Smallwood communicated the final details to the group before they would liberate the hostages, Rose once turned on the visual by mistake, so I got a brief glimpse of her. I never forget a face. It was the face of the woman lying dead here now.”
Being with John had taught him more than he’d ever thought possible. Everything revolved around coordination, consent, communication – which had turned out not to be half as tedious as it sounded. Sherlock was starting to understand more and more why John said honesty was so important in relationships. Not only was it a prerequisite to feeling at ease and trusting someone completely, which in turn was a prerequisite for enjoyable physical intimacy. Also, the expressions of pleasure and discomfort were strangely similar, so there was nothing for it than to always ask, “Is this alright? Do you want me to continue to touch you like this?” That, combined with the strange desire not to let the other one down, the inclination to pretend something was fine when it wasn’t. Revelations only done when asked.
was to Sherlock. How Sherlock would only keep off drugs if John was there. Mycroft had practically said as much. And hadn’t the exact same thing happened a year ago, after his wedding? He was realising only now that his absence might have had something to do with Sherlock’s relapse back then as well. John guessed it was a habit to keep underestimating his importance to Sherlock. “I’ll make sure of it,” he said, determinedly.
Hannah stepped out of the crowd and hugged him. Then Janine, then his father. Then Greg, even. And Molly. They all gave him a short hug or a quick peck on the cheek.
He looked over at the love of his life, currently doing the washing up while singing a ridiculous song to Rosie, who was cheering him on from her high chair.
Sherlock had been showing some clear signs of sentimentality himself, lately. Just as he was now, with these texts.
“Un-… expected,” she rasped. “So slow, yet… so quick. Just like you’re us.” Her voice faded at those last words and then, slowly, her gaze turned vacant.
The following awkward moment, where they were standing there in just their pants, was quickly ended by John, who wrapped his arms around Sherlock and let his hands wander all over his back. Sherlock instinctively pressed his face into John’s neck, breathing in his scent, so as to inhale as many John Watson biomolecules as possible. He had always been intensely aware of the faint version of this smell lingering in the vicinity of his former flatmate and had longed to properly breathe it in at close range all these years. It was the nicest smell he could imagine on the planet, curiously calming and arousing at the same time. Not that his prick could get any harder at this particular moment.
He thought about the incident with Sherlock’s brother when Sherlock had been only five years old. That, too, had happened in a big garden of a house with no direct neighbours. If it hadn’t been for the nanny who by chance was outside at that same moment, John wouldn’t now be sitting here opposite a brilliant detective. He would likely not have lived.
John took hold of the handle and started to turn it, while Smith watched with a grim expression on his face. John pulled the handle off the cane, revealing a small device inside the stick with a little LED light, that was glowing bright red.
Once Harry had finished her morning’s round of soliciting for funds and had travelled to Baker Street, where she was now standing in front of the door to number 221, she realised she was more nervous to ring the bell than she had been at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
While John, positioned in a corner as unobtrusively as possible with his tiny cup of lukewarm tea, tried to figure out how to carry himself more or less like a lady so as not to make a complete fool out of himself, Sherlock managed to interrogate his suspects apparently in a subtle enough way not to get kicked out prematurely – because they weren’t; quite to John’s relief. (He didn’t want to imagine the scene that would ensue if they were.) Unfortunately, one of the lads decided meanwhile to try and make him feel at home by striking up a conversation with him.
Could it be that he had been blinded by his own expectations, or rather, in this case, the complete and utter lack thereof?
The next few days passed similarly, as they looked for the The Lost Special Pearl in several villages, spending one or two days in each, before deciding to travel further north each time.
John remembered only too well what it had been like for himself after returning from the war. That sense of alienation wherever he went had to be a hundred times worse for Sherrinford. But Sherlock was impressively good with him, anticipating every situation his brother might find stressful and inventing little ways to guide him through.
He then abruptly shoved his chair backwards, stood up, and skittishly looked around the kitchen seemingly randomly.
Lifting his head a few inches, he noticed that the blanket that was supposed to lie on top of his sheets was in fact in a heap at the end of the bed. He
. Literally the only thing that might give him away was his voice. And they weren’t technically even trying to pass as women. They were only trying to pass as cross-dressers. But well, whenever Sherlock did anything, he threw himself into it at least a hundred percent.
Sherlock’s mind seemed unable to stop going in all directions, not yet knowing which details from his memory were worth scrutinising.
The sofa was comfortable enough, but Janine was simply too outraged at the moron who’d robbed her (of not only her purse and all her cards, but of her phone – her phone!) to be able to fall asleep.
At the moment, John found himself in the small confines of a changing room at H&M’s, with Sherlock attempting – at a distance of less than two feet from him – to fit into a glittery gold dress that he was currently trying to carefully pull down over the pink, heart-patterned push-up bra that he was wearing. They were shopping for appropriate outfits to mingle with the boys from the Hounslow Cross-dressing Club, of which the strangled greengrocer had turned out to have been a member. John had picked a blue cocktail dress, which was however still on its hanger on the hook behind him, as he didn’t possess the same enthusiasm that Sherlock did for these kinds of disguises. Seeing Sherlock’s proficiency in this area, or rather, the result thereof, could on the other hand definitely gain his approval. The man was gorgeous no matter what he wore, but the sight of him in a dress was more arousing than John had anticipated.
The Head Teacher – a beta woman in her sixties named Ms Tressle – met them in her office. She took their names without batting an eyelid, and John realised she had to have seen all sorts in her time.
"I'm getting closer. To solving the case," Sherlock rumbled, dragging his lips over John's chin as he pushed his hand beneath John's boxers.
Sherlock pulled off John’s cock with a lewd wet ‘pop’. He thrust his fingers in and out of John, twisting and curling his digits, teasing over John’s prostate. His mouth and teeth went back to nipping and biting at John’s stomach, his hips, his thighs, raising marks that didn’t break the skin.
“As much as I can be, I suppose.” John went to sit in his armchair, grateful for the softness and the excuse to rest. “Not exactly a fun day out,” he called.
Mycroft patted his shoulder. “Don’t write them off just yet. They left a Sherlock with long hair and a silent pout behind. They’ve come back to this one, just starting to know his own confidence… They will get used to you.”
As it happened, the drawers were still empty, aside from the little white sleepsuit Sherlock had bought weeks ago.
But, even though he knew he couldn’t say anything, he did admit to himself that Sherlock was cute. Despite being an incredibly annoying bastard, at times.
The vampire did a little of quick, rudimentary hacking to find the router position which the email came from, and was pleased to see that it remained within the base. He smiled to himself, then sat back from the computer and stood, thinking briefly about finding Oliver's documents, but there was only so much he could do with them. Sherlock couldn't debunk a rumour when grown men and women began to spread them.
“I know you’re me, fifteen years ago,” Joe said. “I had to claw my way up through TAs and sneaking in when the betas doctors were doing medicals, and I was off my head on scent-blockers. Damn near killed myself. I swore I’d be there for any other omega who wanted to do what I do. And when I saw you come in… I want to help you, John. If you’ll let me. How old are you?”
“He came with me to the scan,” John said, watching Sherry finally pour the cups out and find a tray and biscuits. “And he’s given me some money…”
“And now, a window,” John said, cutting a sort of squashed oval out for light. “And there we go, one den. It’s not much, but it’s a start. Until we can build something more longer-lasting.” He stuck the knife in the soil, up to the handle. “Safety first,” he said, mirroring what his dad was always saying. John had the freedom to roam, but he had to remember to stay safe, that was the rule.
John forced himself conscious, barely registering that it was morning, trying to get his brain into gear. "Time...sit?"
He released his grip of them both, making the student whine at the loss of pressure, before pushing Sherlock’s legs apart and dragging his fingers, dry, through Sherlock’s arse crack. The smooth skin and tiny twists of hair made John’s cock throb with need, and he pressed finger against Sherlock’s tight hole, feeling the ridges and strength of the muscles, and tapping gently on the pink skin.
“We won’t,” Sherlock covered both of John’s small hands in his pale, spidery one, the long fingers gripping over John’s like a vice. “That’s not going to happen, John.”
“Yes, well…” Sherlock had been very wound up after his brother left, and John suspected he was drinking blood bags just to prove he could leave John alone.
Sherlock went into the kitchen, knocking over a chair, as he reached for the knife block, extracting a serrated one that looked like it was sharp enough.
Some things were massively different. Others were only subtly. Sherlock noticed as he stood in church on Christmas Day that a couple of men glanced at him as he walked to the family pew. One, younger one, gave him a little smile.
“Now, because you’re…er… a little older than we usually see a first-time mother, we’d like you to come in every four weeks for a check-up, is that alright?”
“You need to keep that place close by,” Melody said. “Because what I ask you next will take you somewhere painful. And if it is too painful, you will need to leave.” She leaned forward. “Our task here is to make sure those two memories do not affect one another. Your happy memory is in a box that can let nothing in, or out, unless you want it to.”
Stupidly. Hysterically. Sherlock’s legs were wobbling through exhaustion and stress, and John actually slid down the wall a bit as he tried to stay upright, wiping at his eyes as tears of laughter sprung up in them. It wasn’t even funny. It was funny because they weren’t dead. It was funny because they were alive, and together, and here, and -
John's eyes went wide, and he looked shocked. "Oh god. Sherlock, I - I didn't mean to say I think you're-"
“He’s trying too hard,” Mycroft said. “He’s trying to be well, to appear well, to try and fool us. Well, he isn’t fooling me. I’ve told him as much. He is allowed to show weakness. Weakness has ended him up here.”
Sherlock didn’t bother asking what he meant. “It involves suspending your free will. It alters your DNA. It is a process human science cannot replicate, or even understand.”
“That’s… John…” Sherlock looked up, confusion on his face. Alphas did not, traditionally, perform oral sex – it was a degrading act that was only shown in pornography and the basest kind, at that.
“Two dead, no real sign of a struggle, both shot, though one seems to have had the ballistic removed somehow. The other shot with some sort of steel dart, or arrow. Nasty.”
Sherlock was bent double, letting Lucy hold onto his fingers as she ‘walked’ over the grass. Greg Lestrade was laughing his head off as he filmed it, and Violet Holmes was giggling into her pink gin as Molly – Sherlock’s friend from St Bart’s – watched with something like a mixture of apprehension and delight.
He heard footsteps approaching, and steeled himself for Mycroft’s icy stare. The last thing he needed right now was his brother in law’s judgement. The door swung open.
It was six years since John, eighteen and headstrong, had walked out of the flat they shared, and joined the army. It had been his only chance to train to be a doctor – his dream career – when all the universities refused to accept him. And walking out on your boyfriend might be bad enough, but John had left the morning after his oestrus heat. A heat in which he and Sherlock had mated, and bonded for life. Sherlock was John’s, as much as John was Sherlock’s.
Sherlock would never be John’s first, now. Not his first scenting, which was almost more important than first kiss, first time having sex… It was supposed to be the first time you opened yourself to someone.
“John,” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, and John’s stomach did a sort of swooping thing. “John, I promise you, I have never had a boyfriend. Or girlfriend. I am… not interested.”
John thought back to the party, years ago, where the two men had been close, avoiding questions about children, but holding hands the entire time. “And Mycroft doesn’t like omegas.”
“Well, you can’t be tackled if you don’t have the ball, technically,” the coach shrugged. “You’ll just have to run like hell, and pass it when they’re on your heels.”
“I’ll go,” John said, pushing himself upright. “I need to find the loos, anyway. Coming, Molly?” The two omegas went off together, drinks orders from their friends shouted in their wake.
And then they kissed again, John walking Sherlock backwards until the alpha’s back hit the wall, and John had him pinned. Their lips kissed frantically – a tousle rather than a caress, with barely any tongue at all, just rapid-fire kissing, over and over, until John skimmed his tongue over Sherlock’s plump lower lip, and Sherlock dropped his jaw, letting John taste as much of him as he could get to.
“No!” John held his hands up. “Fuck no. I…” he sighed. “I’m being realistic, here. I’m a bonded omega. I can’t have children with anyone except Sherlock. And this might be my only chance. If I got rid of this… I’d still have to have Sherlock come over for my heats. We’d keep making potential babies and I’d keep on not having them, and I don’t know how long I could keep that up. Seeing him every month or so, and the both of us leaving in anger again. This… might be my only real chance to be a mum. And I can do it on my own. I’ve got a job, and it might lead to something permanent. I’m a decent age, ish, and it just makes sense. I want this,” he put his hand on his abdomen, “but I’m not insisting anyone else has to be a part of it.”
“The palliative centre? There aren’t any hours,” John said. “It’s by arrangement with the patient. Does someone know you’re coming?”
John kept pulling at the open material, trying to get it to cover both of his nipples at once, as it was supposed to, but he had to be a funny shape, or something, because it just wouldn’t sit right.
Sherlock huffed out a relieved breath, trying not to smile too obviously. The beating hadn’t been real, then. Just the coke messing with his head.
“There was even less that I could have done,” Mycroft responded, giving him a dead stare. He then stood, as unruffled as ever.
“I need an excuse to go chitchat with one particular goldsmith and didn’t have any suitable brooches or earrings myself that needed mending,” Sherlock smiled cheekily. “That’s why.”
Sherlock couldn’t help a smile. “Well, that too, although that might be slightly inappropriate tonight. We’re going out.”
“The Ring? No, there’s no ring in it, I don’t think.” Sherlock briefly bit his lip, before continuing, “It goes like this: There was once a merchant in the famous market at Baghdad. One day, he saw a stranger looking at him in surprise... and he knew that the stranger was Death. Pale and trembling, the merchant fled the marketplace and made his way many, many miles to the city of Samarra, for there he was sure Death could not find him. But when at last he came to Samarra, the merchant saw, waiting for him, the grim figure of Death. ‘Very well,’ said the merchant. ‘I give in. I am yours. But tell me: why did you look surprised when you saw me this morning in Baghdad?’ ‘Because,’ said Death, ‘I had an appointment with you tonight – in Samarra.’”
Sherlock stared at him, uncomprehending. “What’s there to come to terms with for you? I’m stained, and that’s not going to change, John. I’m damaged goods, always will be.”
familiar way – and hears the desperation they invoke in his soft moans, and feels the wavering of his legs as they struggle to support him, for sheer bliss, John can only wonder how they never did this before. Sherlock is desperate for John’s touch. And John is more than willing to give him what he wants. He marvels at how Sherlock is even more beautiful like this, as he feels himself fall incredibly more in love with him.
His gravelly, only-just-awake voice had sounded even more seductive than he had intended it to, and he didn’t know if it was that or just John’s general state of infatuation, but either way, the toast and eggs were cold before the men returned their attention to breakfast.
Could this be some inevitable side effect of Sherlock opening his heart to John? Had that made him more prone to sentiment all along the line? And maybe more insecure? John thought back to their conversation about the frequency of their lovemaking and the misunderstandings surrounding it. Sherlock had actually gone so far as to doubt John’s attraction to him, and even his sexuality. It was almost as if that brilliant brain of his stopped working properly when things were concerned that were really important to him. John figured it was not all that different from the way you’re not able to see something clearly when it’s too close by. Maybe it simply proved that it’s the things close to home that reveal our humanity. Also, possibly, Sherlock’s. But why this case?
Once Sherlock felt John’s bulge harden into the same state he himself had by now also reached, he began to gently grind down onto him. His legs were between John’s and he couldn’t deny that this position elicited a very specific fantasy in him. The first time they’d had penetrative sex, John had mentioned that he would also like to try bottoming, but the subject had never been raised again and Sherlock didn’t think it entirely unlikely that it never again would. He wasn’t sure whether he really minded. He loved everything they already did and he definitely wasn’t going to coerce John into switching. It would have to be a matter of patiently waiting to see if John would ever specifically ask for it. And Sherlock wasn’t even entirely sure it would be a good idea to do it anyway. There was a deeply hidden fear that he might be unable to be gentle; might lose control and hurt John. When Sherlock bottomed himself, he could at least completely surrender to his impulses without any risks. But nevertheless, in moments like these, the desire to penetrate presented itself quite plainly. How he would love for John to pull up his legs and wrap them around his back, surrendering to him, allowing him in…
How was it that someone with ‘trust issues’, as Ella used to call it, managed to associate himself with so many untrustworthy people?
“If you ever think I’m becoming a bit--”. He paused and swallowed “... full of myself, cocky or...” He paused again, pulling in a breath, “... over-confident ...”
In the end, however, Sherlock and John had decided to keep the proof of Mary’s involvement in the robbery to themselves, judging that it would earn her too little time in jail, when they knew they could make a much stronger case against her if they only had a bit more patience. So they both wilfully ignored Mary flashing around her exquisite, new, limited edition watch and her ridiculous boasting about how she got it from a patient at the surgery who was so very grateful to her for having saved his life.
area, John once more thought back to that very first time in Sherlock’s bed, when Sherlock had taken John to heaven with little touches and ghosts of breaths over his bum. Although one part of him was screaming to explore more of that, something was holding him back, and the fact that he was being held back for no apparent reason, embarrassed him.
He loved John, of course he did, and that terrified him. The fear he’d been experiencing for the past twenty-four hours, fear of losing John, was in fact eerily familiar, just like she’d said. He felt it constantly,
And then Sherlock became aware of another – even more momentous – thing. John’s eyes were steady. His posture solid and strong. No signs of dizziness.
There was a short silence, during which Sherlock tried to swallow a couple of times, to no avail, seeing as his mouth was suddenly inexplicably dry. His eyes, for some reason, refused to focus on John and he didn’t have the willpower to do anything about it, so he looked at random patches of kitchen table while he thought of what to say next. He should probably explain. “Mrs. Hudson suggested I stop trying to hide my feelings all the time, from you at least, anyway, and…”
Sherlock had told him quite a lot about his parents lately, and how awkward they could sometimes be in social settings – especially his mother. They'd also talked elaborately about why Sherlock thought they had autism, so John wasn't overly surprised by his mother’s lack of tact. But it was a different thing altogether being personally subjected to it for the first time.
Essentially, Sherlock had only been replicating what John had done to him minutes before. And it seemed John had enjoyed it just as much as he had, despite the fact that Sherlock hadn’t really known what he was doing exactly.
“And remember that time Lestrade was onto this smuggling ring,” John recalled, “and it turned out they were smuggling gay pornographic art back into China in the same vases they had hidden the tiger balm and rhino powder in on the way here? God, I’ll never forget the look on his face when he found that painting with the all-male orgy, thinking that his tips had been worthless. I have to admit, I was a bit puzzled myself.” John chuckled at the memory. “I think Lestrade was rather glad for your exceptional observational skills at that particular moment. Within about thirty seconds you had found and identified the traces of powder inside the pottery, preventing him from making a complete fool out of himself.”
His Mind Palace seemed to have turned into a dark swamp, where he kept getting lost, struggling to see, struggling to get from one place to the next in the thick mud that kept dragging him down.
Luckily, Rosie was too small to be worried about this unusual course of events. Molly did her best to keep smiling and talking to her, which seemed to keep her happy, anyway. As long as she had the merman with her (which had turned out to be hers), everything was fine.
Upon Sherlock opening his mouth again, John quickly and efficiently shut him up with a look. Always worked.
John’s thumb hovered over his screen. Eventually, he typed, “Going back to work tomorrow. R is bound for new adventures at nursery. Any interesting cases on your end? J”
She was fast. She had opened her laptop on the side table and had apparently done a quick google search on Sherlock Holmes before they’d even crossed the hallway. Pushing her glasses up her nose, she bent down to the computer and ran her finger over the pad, clicking on another search suggestion. “This, I think, is relevant from this morning,” she said.
Sherlock remembered her only vaguely: a rather strange woman, with a funny accent that almost sounded fake.
With a million, gazillion thanks to Ariane DeVere once more. Not only the dialogues, but a lot of the descriptions in this chapter and several others are (almost) straight from her amazing episode transcripts.
“Some people take the drip out, yeah. Some people have the same... urges. Come on.” He clapped his hands together. “Wasting time.”
“You know what?” Sherlock said, suddenly casual. “Shall we pop downstairs and tell Mrs Hudson about our
On top of which, bottoming had largely erased John’s awkwardness about Sherlock’s past and his own role in relation to it. He actually hoped, deep down, that switching had been therapeutic for Sherlock too, in some way. He thought it probably had.
Still, there was no more impatience or scorn in the way John carefully undid the bra and hung it over a chair.
“Well, it’s just like any other language,” Sherlock said, clearly making an enormous effort not to show his annoyance. Meanwhile, he signed along with the words he spoke, so that Sherrinford would also understand what he was saying. “Except it uses movements of your hands, arms and face instead of sounds,” he explained. “It has its own grammar rules, and dialects differ per region.” He mustered an expression that almost looked like a polite smile, but John thought he knew the true nature of it: Sherlock secretly enjoyed the baffled looks of his parents as he’d signed along with all of what he’d just said.
When John let go, his face remained just as close, as he softly said, “Just give me some time. It will be alright, I swear. Just don’t close yourself off like this and
Sherlock lifted his head, startled, his curls a lovely mess. “What?” he said, drowsily. “Oh.” He rolled off, his arms however still around John.
He looked up to find Sherlock staring at him with a frown etched onto his face. “Alright?” Sherlock asked.
It was one of John’s frustrations with humanity: the fact that even after the most horrible crime – the degree of which in this case was still to become clear – people quickly resumed their daily activities as if nothing at all had happened. Life goes on, they said. And even though much could be said for that approach from a practical perspective, John was simply not good at it. That is, not good at pretending nothing happened any better than dealing with others who
When he came back with three filled teacups, Greg cleared his throat. “Well, er, now that I’ve gotten over the initial shock of this unexpected development – well, I say ‘unexpected’ but as I said, we were all really past hope, to be more accurate...” He quickly swallowed away another grin that threatened to take over his face again. “Anyway – I’ve remembered what I came here for.”
John was biting his lip in delight. His rhythm was gradually picking up speed and little sweat beads appeared on his biceps.
. And you finally know who Rose really was.” She looked smug. “I guess we’re almost even now. One down, one to go.”
His mother returned with a tin of biscuits and set it on the table between them. “You’ll have to open it yourself, though, if you want any,” she said, matter-of-factly.
Once they were in one, they both stared intently out their own window, afraid of what might happen if they so much as looked at each other.
John blinks, briefly looking down at Sherlock’s fly and back up at his face again. There is a spark there, behind that impassive mask, and maybe something of a silent plea, even.
Rosie, thoroughly content, didn’t even look up when John came into the room – in pyjamas and dressing gown – and sat down next to Hannah on the sofa.
They walked to the limo that would take them to the hospital, where Smith was apparently doing some sort of charity visit. Just PR, of course. Why Sherlock had agreed to come too was just one of today’s mysteries.
The flat had suddenly started feeling incredibly empty and still without Sherlock. Just like… that time he’d rather not be reminded of.
“I’ll just leave you to it then.” He briefly shot them a cheeky glance, then disappeared through the door.
“With the dildo,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, clarifying, as he gently pulled John towards the bed. He tumbled backwards onto the mattress, taking John with him, at which both let out a giggly grunt. “So, do you want to see?”
She grabbed a chair and sat on the opposite side of John’s bed. “I’m so, so sorry about what happened to John.” Her eyes were now sad.
“I appreciate it, but I’d rather not talk about that,” John interrupted. He looked tense and uneasy for a moment – or rather, even more so than before – and exchanged a look with Sherlock. “To be quite honest, our marriage wasn’t a happy one,” he then said. “It soon turned out I didn’t really know her at all. We married too quickly.” He cleared his throat, visibly steeling himself for what he was about to say. “As sad as her passing was… Since her death, I’ve moved on.” His face softened. “I’ve found new love. True love, this time. First lost, then found again.” And to Harry’s astonishment, he gently took Sherlock’s hand and held it, while the two of them smiled at each other somewhat shyly.
Stupid question. “He never before left like this for a couple of days without telling you?” John asked.
Sorry it took me so long! I’m planning to post the next eleven chapters once or twice a week during the next two months; as soon as I finish the final editing on each one. Hope you enjoy.
Finally, after over 2.5 years of working on this fic almost on a daily basis, I’ve now finished writing the entire draft of this story (which has shockingly become more than twice as long as I thought it would be, when I started)! So now it’s just a matter of editing the last three chapters, yay!
. Even though he and John were feeling totally different things now, they were sharing this moment. And because both of them knew exactly what the other one was feeling, it was almost as if they were one being, feeling those two things at the same time. And it was astoundingly easy to be careful and not lose control.
His thoughts strayed back to that cosy evening only three nights previously, and his alcohol-induced remark that might have inadvertently – but thankfully – set things into motion.
John especially loved how sometimes, out of the blue and without saying a word, Sherlock would fix him with his intense gaze from across the room, stroll over and start kissing John’s neck, groping his back – his hands all over him – as if making up for all those years of distance between them.
“Stop,” he said again, without blinking. “Sherlock, please don’t deduce things about our relationship, because you’re not good at it.”
John then opened his bag to take out the pecan plaits that one of the nurses had told Sherlock that Sherrinford liked, and they ate them together in quiet harmony, as Rosie crawled around, trying to pet the cats.
“Perfection,” Hannah said. “Shall I?” When Mrs Hudson nodded, Hannah took the cake from her and went to cut it into generous pieces.
Sherlock had had no idea that this was what it would feel like. John’s mouth was soft and warm, and with it he was doing things to him that he hadn’t known were possible; alternately licking, kissing and sucking different parts (and all of them) of his prick.
And as Sherlock felt he finally got his brother back, bit by bit, he experienced a new vitality himself as well.
“Alright then.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “As you’ve now gathered, Mycroft and I have another brother. His name is Sherrinford. He's two years older than I am, five years younger than Mycroft. He’s always been… difficult. He’s deaf, to begin with.” Sherlock stirred his tea.
“The rest of our lives,” Sherlock mumbled, dreamily. He’d intended it to sound mockingly cheesy, but it came out surprisingly normal. Sherlock smiled inwardly.
There was an electricity between them – the way they looked at each other every time Sherlock opened his eyes – that was mesmerising even to him as an outsider. It showed a mutual admiration so intense, it was almost palpable across the fibreglass network the stream was channelled through. Seeing his brother being given a tour through heaven by the good doctor made Mycroft feel both slightly sick and embarrassingly envious at the same time. When John started positively teasing Sherlock and making him coil and squirm against the backrest of the sofa – swirling just the tip of his tongue along the underside of Sherlock's glans, excruciatingly slowly – Mycroft had to look away again.
Sherlock, however, is very much walking over to him in a straight line, and then, shockingly, drops to his knees in front of him, never breaking eye contact.
The second thing he needed to arrange was a false identity card, shifty as that sounded. He was determined to visit his dear Aunt Vivian in jail as often as he could, seeing as she had sacrificed
John looked back to Sherlock, who was turning in a circle to look at his audience. “So, any questions?”
Sally was clearly somewhat disconcerted by him displaying any sort of emotion other than annoyance or contempt, and he figured he was probably making a bit of an impression. Which hopefully meant he was pulling this off.
to Sherlock’s standard approach to pretty much all interpersonal issues being of a somewhat manipulative nature.
Sherlock looked small and guilty. He averted his gaze. “No, no. It’s fine. I knew it was a bad idea. It’s just… the only thing I could think of. I’m sorry.” He was blinking furiously. “I can’t seem to think up any proper ideas anymore. I’ve been trying practically full-time to come up with a way to catch her
But there was something incredibly erotic about getting fucked – especially by a doctor – while his body was completely limp, just letting himself be pounded into the mattress without a single effort on his side. If it had been possible to become more aroused than he already was, he would have.
The only problem was Sherlock’s drug addiction now standing between them, which was no minor thing, naturally. It was, in fact, like a huge monster, lurking at him from every shadow. How they were going to defeat this demon, he still did not know, but they would, somehow. Together.
“Well, he’s coping, I guess. Still mourning the death of his beloved, of course. But you know Mycroft.” Sherlock pressed his lips together. Then he turned around and smiled at John. “Let’s go to bed. We could use an early night.”
As they ate, they talked about several old cases, reminiscing over particularly funny or bizarre twists they had witnessed together.
“It’s Alice.” Then she seemed to hesitate. “My mum told me never to tell my last name to strangers.”
The way Sherlock tenderly looked after John, as well as Rosie, often hit her right in the feels in a way she couldn’t quite explain, but which probably had something to do with the still relatively recent change in her own life. It was quite an exercise to discreetly ignore the intimacy between them, and she regularly couldn’t resist sneaking a peek from the corner of her eyes when they were showing affection towards each other. Somehow, it gave her a feeling of great relief and reassurance that there was still good in this world.
One tiny part of him, somewhere at the back of his mind, still hoped against hope that this wasn’t in fact real, that it was just an elaborate act. He knew how convincing Sherlock could be. This was the man who’d faked his own death in front of John’s eyes, after all.
“But she was adamant about this,” Greg continued, between sips of tea. “She wanted to thank you. She said, quote, ‘her life was now perfect and she was even back in touch with her uncle’. Whatever that means; I’m sure you’ll know.”
After scrutinising her face on the photograph for a moment, the man raised his walkie-talkie to his mouth and said, “Visitor S coming up”. Then, to her, a little more friendly, “Come on in. First floor.”
To John’s shock, Sherlock agrees with a simple “alright” and the unbuckling of his belt – not taking his eyes off John.
Now he came to think of it, while he was being really honest with himself, maybe there was one more thing he wanted in his life. Maybe, once they were back home in London, he could try and find a place where he could take ballet lessons again. John had his book project in his free time now, after all. Perhaps, at the age of almost forty, it was time for him to finally pick up an old hobby as well.
“I didn’t get it up too much... er... I didn’t get up to much, I mean. I just watched some... telly.”
“Put one of your men at the door of Sherlock’s room, as I’m willing to bet a good amount of money on it that he’ll be Smith’s next target. And look into
If Meredith was the one who had written the note to lure Arthur out if his room in the dead of night, he had been very shrewd indeed to make it look like he’d left unprepared and in a hurry, Sherlock thought. On the other hand, if he had actually left unprepared and in a hurry, what might have been the reason? Had he seen Arthur climb out of his room when he was smoking a late-night cigarette near his open window and gone after him? Had he then been abducted along with the boy, to eliminate him as a witness?
Soon after, he was inside of John, pushing home into his wonderful, tight warmth, creating little white clouds of flour puffing up from below John’s stomach at every thrust.
Slowly, very slowly, as he stared at the patches of shade from the tree outside dancing over the objects in the room, he started to dare to believe that maybe Sherlock did respect him, want him and need him in the same way John did the other way round.
One corner of John’s mouth twitched. “Of course I forgive you. It will just… probably take a while before I can
Furthermore, he couldn’t forgive himself for not having been able to see how John felt about him all this time. Naturally, he couldn’t blame John for not seeing it in
Sex was turning out to be a much more varied and fascinating activity than he had anticipated, and nothing like the mindless routine he had always assumed it to be.
It would only be a matter of time before he would disappear from his life altogether, and this time for good, of course.
John’s head did feel painful, especially the area above his eyes. Then, an image came back to him of his therapist pointing a gun at his face. But how about the well? How and when had he ended up down there?
“Drink up, and then we’re going to the morgue. Molly’s got a body that Greg wants us to take a look at. I think it’s a seven, at least. I’ve asked Mrs Hudson to look after Rosie.”
“Oh yeah, they did. We used to think he wasn’t able to learn. Now I tend to think he just didn’t want to.”
“Just being your usual brilliant self, I suppose,” John said, trying to make it sound casual, as he gently turned Sherlock around to face him.
lover now did help to avoid any rivalry.) Another agent, a big guy called Daniel, was assigned to work undercover at Speedy’s Cafe, right below their flat. Sherlock, John and Hannah each carried a small device with an emergency button to summon him – and each other – if necessary. The four of them debriefed every afternoon in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, but so far, nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
But the clenched fist hadn’t gone away since then. It was still there every time John got up from the table to clear away the dishes, every time he waited for the kettle to boil or walked across the flat to fetch something.
, before letting out a long, contented sigh. “... incredibly happy.” He stood up and leant his hands on the bed. “You know in films, when you see dead people pretending to be dead and it’s just living people lying down?” He shook his head. “That’s not what dead people look like.” His voice and gaze became more intense. “Dead people look like
Once she was back under her blanket on the sofa, having drunk the wretched warm milk, her hand slipped between her legs before she was even fully aware of doing it. She then eagerly pushed her middle finger inside, reaching deep within her own familiar warm softness while creating a pleasant pressure with her palm, in order to channel the built-up frustration of not only seeing Sherlock fuck someone else – on top of just having had her bloody handbag stolen – but also of the fact that she was spending another night out not getting laid (which had rather been the idea of going out to begin with). With images of Sherlock and John together floating through her mind, she ended up having one of her most intense orgasms ever, requiring every bit as much restraint as her hosts had exercised not to cry out, as she spasmed into blissful limpness.
“Our parents unquestionably skipped a few chapters in certain parts of our upbringing,” Mycroft agreed. “Which is precisely why I felt I had to fill in. Even though I wasn’t actually very well suited for the job either, it now seems.”
“Don’t get me started,” the goldsmith said, fondly laughing. “He once came dashing into my shop, asking for a hiding place and not to tell his girlfriend he was there. And wearing this funny disguise, he was! Can you imagine?” He shook his head in amusement. “He even had a fake beard: it was hilarious!” He continued, on a slightly more serious tone, “Well, Bob admitted later that she was not really his girlfriend, but I had the distinct impression that he would have liked her to be; you know what I mean?” The goldsmith looked at Sherlock intently from under his eyebrows. Then, taking in a weary breath, he said, “But at the suggestion, Bob just said it was
“Come on, let’s scoot over to the middle of the bed,” John whispered. Which was a good idea, seeing as their legs were uncomfortably dangling off the edge.
Sherlock needed surprisingly few strokes before his semen spurted against John’s chest. John had seen him come quite a number of times by now, but nothing like this before. The intensity with which he knitted his brows together, wrinkling his forehead and grunting out John’s name, sent a beautiful chill down John’s spine. (Making John awkwardly slip out of him in the process.)
John was now bucking back up against his hand, apparently trying to make him reach deeper. Sherlock tried to accommodate him as best as he could. After only a few minutes, John was already so open, so relaxed. Maybe Sherlock could already...?
Suddenly, he heard a belt open and a fly being unzipped, making Sherlock’s face fall into a satisfied smile.
There was no doubt in John’s mind that Sherrinford instantly understood what Sherlock was telling him.
Looking awkward, Molly reached into the pocket of her trousers and then held out an envelope. “It’s, er, it’s from John.”
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to answer. Instead, he just nodded and kept walking, towards the cab that would take them home, where he could descend into his Mind Palace to try and find the boy and bring him back to safety.
It soon turned out that said crook had had no idea who he’d tried to rob. He’d just been out for a quick snatch-and-grab. Which amused John no end, afterwards, when they were having dinner at their hotel.
“Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it? This clue was planted by someone who had access to Holdernesse Hall’s rubbish bins. I need to go back there. But I’ll need a disguise first.”
For several wild seconds, he couldn’t move or breathe. He just looked at the scene before him without wanting to see.
-- Fine, thanks. You? Beautiful day. R has been studying the butterflies and bees. I think we saw a drone. J
Only since falling in love with Briony had she really understood the importance of having a home filled with love to come back to. To keep you grounded.
Sherlock tried to focus on continuing to take regular, deep breaths as he thought about this specific subject, but he already felt the beginnings of panic rise from deep within. He’d managed to avoid  really thinking about it until now, but it was hitting him doubly hard now that he couldn’t hide anymore from the fact that this was real; John had not pulled back in the morning. And it was quite obvious that he had expectations.
John swallowed, his mouth suddenly inexplicably dry. “Yeah, well, maybe you were right about my terribly risky incorrect judgement, though.” He had smiled wryly, because he was glad Sherlock had finally shown some genuine remorse, at least. And to be fair, the situation he’d gotten himself in was so absurd it was almost funny – if you didn’t think about it too hard. He’d let himself be seduced by one of Moriarty’s sodding minions, of all people; fooled by her sexy smile, her clever sense of humour and her unspoken promise of a normal life. Just because she was, well, a woman.
Now that they had, it had definitely added a new layer to their relationship. John felt sure he wouldn’t see Sherlock the same way after tonight and his feelings for him had impossibly intensified because of it.
I hope it's not too annoying having SO MANY fix-it elements all over this story, but then again, that was the entire purpose of this fic... :)
Sherlock hadn’t been on holiday for over a decade. He’d always found the concept of going to another place in order to do nothing rather ridiculous.
John knew that Sherlock did not remotely believe there was a god. (‘And if there is, there’s definitely no reason to assume it’s male,’ he used to say.) John also knew Sherlock was aware that John had been brought up with religion playing a central role in his early life, and hence with an engrained disapproval of anything but traditional gender roles. Not that he gave a toss anymore about what the Church thought, but still, it had been part of the fabric of his childhood. So what Sherlock had made seem like a light joke was actually a remark of reassurance and comfort to John. Because he was right. Since starting a relationship, things had only taken a turn for the better. They had not been punished in any way, not even by the public (save for a handful of anticipated rude comments of some internet trolls who couldn’t be taken seriously anyway), nor by anyone they knew personally.
A month later, after having gotten herself almost killed once more, she’d called Sherlock after all. Pride be damned.
, Sherlock. That means that I’ve got no problem at all with what people have incorrectly labelled as ‘gay stuff’.” He bashfully smiled a crooked smile, making him look twenty years younger.
It was as if he’d become invisible, in the best possible way. Here, he wasn’t ‘Doctor Watson’, but just a random tourist. Nobody watched them. Nobody was going to target them: no press, no well-meaning acquaintances or patients, no fans of his blog, no arch enemies.
“Yes, yes. It’s a good thing I don’t have anything to do with that. I just make pretty things with the stuff, is all. But you do hear things now and then, of course. Lots of politics.”
“It turns out,” John said quietly, “that apparently, I’m not the only one who’s been in love with his flatmate since the day we met.” Then, with a twinkle in his eye, he added, “And in that case, I would say we have rather a lot of kissing to catch up on, wouldn’t you?” John’s voice had become increasingly raw and uneven, but his eyes didn’t waver. His mouth, meanwhile, struggled into a crooked smile.
Then, upon spotting a red stain on Sherlock’s skin where he’d just kissed him, he realised with a start that he himself was also still wearing women’s make-up and outfit. He giggled.
A pointedly relaxed smile flickered across Sherlock’s face. “Of course. Yes.” He cleared his throat, casting one more glance at his phone before putting it away. “What time are you available tomorrow afternoon?” There was a casualness in his voice that betrayed the hidden excitement about a case beneath it. “I would like you to join me when I visit our goldsmith.”
John hadn’t been that sure whether he wanted to continue therapy. Or rather, whether he wanted to continue therapy with that wacky therapist on Windsor Drive.
With some reluctance, he let go and crossed back to the table, hastily grabbing the last bit of toast from his plate and stuffing it in his mouth. “This is going to be one long work day,” he said, half-grinning and with slightly flushed cheeks, as he closed his bag. “I still can’t quite believe...” He briefly frowned and shook his head, beaming, while timidly avoiding eye-contact, until he stopped to look at Sherlock and said, “Is this real?”
Sherlock opened the map of Norway once more over his finished breakfast plate in their B&B in Soknedal. It was starting to show considerable signs of wear and tear by now, as well as a variety of small food and coffee stains from various Norwegian breakfast dishes – like free souvenirs.
John turned out to be busy kneading dough. The kitchen worktop was covered in flour, as was John’s apron and one of his eyebrows. In the oven Sherlock spotted the source of the lovely smell: an almost fully risen, golden loaf of bread.
Good God. If he ever wants to get another leg over in his life, he should really start trying to remember his dates’ names and basic personal information, like profession. (Don’t ask after the pupils if she’s not a bloody teacher, Watson.)
Every time his phone beeped, Beverly’s face went slack, the conversation stopped and he stared at the device in anticipation. But each time, it was only the police requesting additional information or consent for something, or just an unsuspecting business partner.
The following days passed with an ever-increasing amount of notes and diagrams accumulating on the surfaces and walls of the flat, and with Sherlock and John each immersed in their own lines of inquiry. Beside their regular grunts and sighs of frustration, they mostly worked in silence, except for the occasional “tea?” and “I’m going out” or “we should get some sleep”. That last one was mostly John.
. Maybe I just confessed!” Smith said, faking a startled look. The reporters and Smith laughed. He looked at Sherlock and beckoned him towards the building.
. I happened to come across them after I’d already made John stare at his shoelaces for several pages (which was simply a narrative device to let the reader know whenever we were back in the ‘present’)  and of course couldn’t resist adding them to the story. :)
He casually eyed John, while putting down the carrier bag to shrug off his coat. Sherlock had become aware that John’s patience and goodwill with Sherlock’s eccentricities had been wearing thin lately, and he’d realised that it wouldn’t hurt to demonstrate that he cared (which was actually a gross understatement) more frequently than once every two years, as had been his modus operandi so far. Caring was not an advantage, but seeing as his feelings for John ran deeper than the Atlantic by this time anyway, there was no longer really any point in obfuscating them. Mrs. Hudson had even been so bold as to outright
He smiled at her and spun the little pink pony dangling above her head around for her, which made her reflexively stretch out her arms and cackle joyfully. “Da! Da!” she called out.
Had she knocked him down with the back of the gun? Not likely; John would have seen that coming and defended himself. However, there was no sign of any sort of struggle.
But as soon as his feelings started to take shape in his body, his headache came creeping back in to remind him of the state he was in. He sighed, rolling onto his stomach and pressing his face into the pillow.
Sherlock revelled in how John always made him feel cherished throughout every minute of their lovemaking. He always moved so very carefully, gently; never asking for more than Sherlock could give. In no way did sex with John remind Sherlock of Mr Middlehurst and his damned secluded storeroom full of world maps and planetary models. Sherlock had managed to largely overwrite and delete his traumatic childhood memory and replace it with John. But he still needed to
Then, he’d casually changed the subject, as if undergoing torture at the hands of Serbian criminals had all been part of his day job sacrificing himself for the Greater Good.
Sherlock felt anxious – his primal survival instinct vaguely raising its head after all – and made an effort to turn his eyes to the door. Would the policeman occasionally check in on him? He thought he’d heard something earlier.
John and Sherlock looked at each other. “Oh, wow. Thanks for letting us know, indeed,” John said. “That is very interesting information.”
different subject,” Sherlock said, “Since I don’t expect them to take any action regarding Sherrinford, I’ve started looking into alternative places for him to live. There are some care homes that offer supported living for deaf people with long term mental health issues and complex needs. One of which is in London. It’s a large, semi-detached Victorian house in Balham which has been converted into self-contained studio flats. Residents go on day trips together and attend deaf clubs and events. Do you agree to me putting him on a waiting list there?”
“I still had your number” refers to the fact that the role of the girl on the plane was played by the same child actor as one of the girls coming to Sherlock in A Scandal in Belgravia, asking about their dead grandfather.
When John opened the drawer, his face broke into a restrained smile. Dammit, he’d spotted the stupid dildo, of course, and could not miss the fact that it looked rather obviously new.
She gently put a hand over his, and he finally allowed his face to break into the big smile that was insisting to be there, on full display, and which she mirrored.
The pair had started loitering around their neighbourhood at the end of the spring during which Sherlock had been investigating Carl Powers’ death. He’d been thirteen.
I have to warn you that this chapter is slightly angsty though... but of course all will be well in the end (spoiler, sorry).
They smiled bashfully at one another, as Sherlock tried to casually sit back in his chair as if nothing was out of the ordinary. And perhaps nothing was. Perhaps this was exactly the most ordinary, most natural thing to ever happen between them.
But since more Hamlets had turned up than expected, the Ophelias were now due to start twenty minutes later than originally planned.
They both knew that by the time they would be able to go public, whenever that was (when Eurus was caught), she likely wouldn’t be around anymore. But in spite of that, she seemed honoured to have been let in on this big secret.
He sighed, suddenly remembering reading about an artist who had used light-emitting shoelaces spinning around to make long exposure photographs, that made them look just like beautiful glass vases. She’d even called them ‘Light vases’ even though they were just spinning shoelaces. The vases on the pictures didn’t exist. Much like the picture that Sherlock was now painting to Sally about the current situation, and which matched rather seamlessly with all the evidence at hand.
John.” He knew begging took him far with John, and Sherlock was very much prepared to shamelessly and elaborately deploy this technique if it got him what he wanted.
John found the world to be a different place since their date at The Golden Beehive. Not only did he strut through London feeling proud as a peacock for being engaged to the world’s only Consulting Detective, but also he felt sluttishly naughty at the idea of having spread his legs for another man – and it was exhilarating.
They both got out of the car, and, as if they’d been lifelong friends, together they started unloading various bags, all sorts of baby stuff (a baby bath, changing mat, bouncer chair) and the baby from the car.
Even though Sherlock became rather desensitised after watching their goings on for over two hours – and tossing himself off twice in that time – he continued to watch in order to study positions, angle, rhythm and division of roles.
Sherlock was meanwhile opening cabinets and drawers and looking behind beds and bedside tables. Just then, he pulled a piece of paper from inside Arthur’s pillowcase. It was a handwritten letter.
Sherlock led the way, repeatedly looking over his shoulder as if to check this was real. (Why did being in love mean you had to behave like a five-year-old again, he wondered?)
As John walked over to the kitchen, he could exactly picture the averted looks in the silence that stretched out between the two detectives and he had to suppress a snigger.
The little flame of infatuation, which had been flickering inside of Eurus at variable strength in the previous months, was blown back to full force, consuming her in the most wonderful way.
As she continued to stare into the ever-present void that invisibly hovered in her home like a black hole, seemingly sucking in all energy and light, Eurus took her feet off the sofa and reluctantly sat up. She ran her hands through her short, spiky hair, firmly digging her nails into her scalp to distract herself from those thoughts.
Lady Smallwood was very impressed with the way the recording had been manipulated. ‘Remarkable. How did you do it?’”
’ category. Then there is also of course the ‘what if he never wants anything to do with me ever again’ category, which invariably brings him back to the first one.
When they had all finished their tea, Sherrinford got up and restlessly rummaged among the artworks standing along the walls, apparently in search of something. After a while, he pulled a small canvas from behind one of the stacks, and walked over to Sherlock, solemnly handing it to him.
Meanwhile, Sherlock’s mind had already drifted in another direction. Because Molly was right, of course. Seeing as he and John had tracked Mary’s entire trail via GPS when she’d gone on the run, it shouldn’t be too difficult a task to find the pearl.
With the very few brain cells that were still functioning, he realised that there was another erogenous zone that he could reach. He slung an arm around John’s bottom and pulled him close, ducking his head between John’s legs. This elicited a surprised grunt, followed by a strained gasp the minute Sherlock lightly bit John’s arse cheeks – after which he continued licking and kissing them, revelling in the feel of soft flesh that gave way so easily under the pressure of his mouth and of the little hairs that tickled his tongue.
“Oh, I’m sorry, this must sound awfully impertinent,” she added, her voice still hushed. “I feel like I should explain. It’s just that… I am in a gay relationship myself, but although I’m comfortably ‘out’ to my family and friends, I’m rather painstakingly hiding this little fact from my employer, who I’ve discovered is a fiercely blatant homophobe. And with your reputation of deducing people in public all the time, I frankly got a tad nervous when you walked in here the other day.” She looked down at her hands, suddenly shy. Then, smiling apologetically, she concluded, “So when I found out that you were queer as well, it was actually quite a relief.”
It was not yet dark when Sherlock was torn from his reveries by the unexpected sound of John’s footsteps on the stairs. They sounded ridiculously energetic for the time of day, but then again, so did his own heart the minute he heard them.
In the following days, he’d started doing research into supported living residences and group homes for deaf people and finding out what their waiting lists were like. He was intent on giving Sherrinford the opportunity to move to one of those, should he wish to at some point in the future, rather than staying on the closed unit of a home for people with profound learning disabilities, which was a label that had now become obvious didn’t apply to him at all.
Sherlock held up his hands as he continued forward. “Okay. Fully equipped ambulance; Molly can examine me on the way. It’ll save time. Ready to go, Molly?”
But before he had time to panic, Sherlock’s eyes shot up to him and his face instantaneously broke into a shy, radiant smile.
Sherlock only very reluctantly lent a hand with anything having to do with Christmas, which he never failed to point out was a ridiculous tradition, especially seeing as neither of them was religious. But John demanded they gave Chloe a normal upbringing in all respects they still
.” He smirked and raised an eyebrow like it was a joke referring to Sherlock’s fake relationship with Janine, or his apparently unknown sexual orientation. But Sherlock knew it was much more than that, of course. He’d understood since a while now how important honesty was for John, in all aspects of their lives, and he’d slowly started to see the point of it himself as well. He’d been working hard to get better and better at not withholding stuff, even when he thought the matter at hand was quite obvious (which he apparently wasn’t a very good judge of, he’d found out by trial and error). For both their sakes. “Yes, John. I promise I try very hard not to do that anymore. I’ll try even harder.”
Sherlock knew that John might any moment be able to feel his arousal and he started to feel awkward about it again. Even if they were possibly going to have sex at some point, now was not the time.
John was becoming rather desperate for some stimulation himself, but this was not about him; so he resolved to simply put his own needs on hold for now.
It was strange and wonderful at the same time, and John was embarrassed to realise he was, in fact, guilty of doing the same thing himself.
When they got off and turned into the familiar street where Violet Smith had mysteriously lost her stalker several months prior, and where Sherlock and John had performed their little act that eventually led to shifty old Jack leaving her alone for good, Sherlock took John’s hand in his. Seeing the goldsmith’s workshop in the distance felt like coming full circle. So many things had changed in his life since he was last here, only a few months ago – which was both wonderful and slightly scary. Maybe compared to that, this next step wasn’t even that big.
Not having a specific goal in his life, not feeling the excitement of uncertainty, not being around Sherlock.
Only minutes before, Sherlock had scared off poor Greg Lestrade, who had dared to call to ask for Sherlock’s view on a recent murder case.
Once they arrived in the room in the other wing, it quickly became clear that the French teacher still had most of his clothes on the chair next to his bed and probably left only partly dressed. There were no coat or pyjamas to be found. Other than an unsurprising interest in French art, music and literature, and the fact that he was an seasoned chain smoker, not much could be learnt from his room.
It was still rather overwhelming to Sherlock to be loved like this. To have someone quiet his racing mind and make him feel light and heavy at the same time. With every cell in his body, he wanted this to never end, for John never ever to go away.
And then, suddenly, his heart skipped a beat. Towards the bottom of the last pile of papers he was working through, there was a familiar note. It had a sharp crease in the middle and a pinprick at the top.
“Good. Also, I’m trying to find a private teacher to teach us both sign language. Let me know if you want in on that.”
After some silence, Sherlock decided to try a different subject. “Someone told me the theories in your book, ‘The Dynamics of Combustion’, weren’t actually your own.”
It felt extremely awkward doing something like this, which he wasn’t remotely good at. With all the numerous skills he’d mastered in the course of his life, drawing wasn’t one of them.
They were both better. They had found the Pearl. Mary and Eurus could no longer interfere in their lives in any way. And Chloe had her new name, banishing Rosamund from their lives entirely. On top of which, she’d called Sherlock ‘mummy’.
“It sounds an awful lot like she’s calling herself ‘Chloe’, to me, rather than ‘Rosie’,” Sherlock casually remarked by the next afternoon.
They had not yet really started to plan the wedding in earnest, but they did occasionally discuss some details regarding the big day, as they occurred to them. They had decided on the location (The Golden Beehive), the date (a Saturday in September) and who were going to be their best men (Lestrade and Stamford, who had both gladly said yes).
"Friend..." He said softly, looking away, but John could tell there was something bothering him about the word.
"She knew. Even if you didn't tell her she knew how thankful you were, she could read us both like a book." John said softly, letting go of Sherlocks hand to wipe his tears away. He nodded slightly and kissed johns neck.
"What?" John asked in amusement, curious as to why Sherlock was suddenly so interested in what he was doing.
"Like I said, I've never sung in front of others before. I am confident in many areas but unfortunately my voice isn't one of them." Sherlock admitted, smiling softly.
"How could I resist that temptation." Sherlock said sarcastically but moving so he could see johns eyes anyway. He chose to lay on johns lap so he was staring up at him, a decision the older man was not expecting but appreciated nonetheless. A small part of his brain smiled at how cuddly Sherlock was today, they had been physically close before but never like this.
They were sitting in a cab returning back to Baker Street after a successful day of solving cases Scotland Yard had left unsolved, unable to cope with the pressure when Sherlock had disappeared for 2 years. Everything was good, great even, and John couldn't wait to just get home and have a cup of tea by the fire. Sherlock for once wasn't staring out the window, instead watching John with a blank look on his face. John assumed he was being deduced, although he wasn't sure what Sherlock could exactly be looking for when they spent every hour of every day together anyway. John had quit his job at the doctors surgery and soon after left his girlfriend Mary when he realised having a normal life with Sherlock around just couldn't happen. Besides it wasn't like they needed the money, it just seemed to 'appear' in the bank account they shared once a month anyway.
"What about you, what would you say?" John asked, watching Sherlock carefully. The detective froze, obviously not expecting John to ask for his point of view. There were a few awkward seconds where Sherlock just sat there frozen until he finally composed himself.
"You didn't need to." John replied, hanging his coat up on a peg once he was hidden from the bitter cold of London. Sherlock didn't reply, instead disappearing up the stairs whilst John quickly said hi to Mrs Hudson. When he eventually walked into their flat he was surprised when Sherlock suddenly appeared before him, a glint in his eyes he usually reserved for the most intriguing cases.
A/N: this is the longest one yet at 5666 words, but it was worth it for the cute johnlock. If you'd like it would make my life 221 times brighter if you left a comment, and if you have any idea you can comment them too :)
"Have I ever told you you've got nice eyes?" John thought out loud something he would never normally say, but in their little bubble it was okay.
"I don't know. I lost count when you decided to attack me." Sherlock said grumpily yet still playing with John's fingers, lightly brushing his fingertips down them.
"I don't need you to play therapist for me John, as I already informed you I am fine, now leave me alone." Sherlock grumbled, crossing his legs and staring at the wall.
"Lady's first." Sherlock said cheekily, motioning for John to shuffle down the row to his seat. On the way past he elbowed Sherlock in the ribs, grinning in satisfaction at the little oomf that left his mouth.
His hands were resting awkwardly besides him so he decided that if he was allowed to distract Sherlock he may as well use it to his advantage. He shifted slightly so that his hand was resting on sherlocks arm and began to paint little circles with the tips of his fingers; as he was unable to look away from the blue eyes he noticed the little flicker of surprise that appeared there.
"Okay..." Now he was stuck, having hit a dead end. If he didn't known the person it would have been easier as it meant it was someone from Sherlocks past, but if he knew them well then who could it possibly be?
"You're different right now, with me I mean, you're like a new person. I just find the thought comforting. I don't know how I'd survive if you spoke to me the way you do with Anderson or Donavon all the time, I think I might either punch you or run away." John said, struggling through his words and still not really understanding what his point was.
"City of stars, just one thing everybody wants. There in the bars, and through the smokescreen of the crowded restaurants." John smiled encouragingly, and Sherlock sang with a little more enthusiasm.
"You shouldn't have to go through this so young, it's not fair." John replied, pressing a soothing kiss to sherlocks neck. He melted into the touch and hugged John tighter, his fingers gripping his jumper as if his life depended on it.
"Anytime." John replied, absentmindedly brushing one of Sherlocks curls away from his face. It was soft and nice to smooth between his fingertips, so he left his hand in his ebony hair and twirled the strand round his fingers, unaware of the effect it had on the detective.
"That now our dreams, they've finally come true." Sherlocks voice was soft but deep, and despite the fact that he was singing Mia's lines his voice still fit the role perfectly.
"I... I don't know. I just wanted to make sure you were okay, that he hadn't hurt you. All other thoughts were sort of clouded, I was just focused on getting you out alive, nothing else really mattered. And when he came back saying he was going to kill us anyway I realised I couldn't lose you, not now and not ever." Sherlock admitted quietly, and John leant forward in his chair.
"I've never paid anyone any attention until now." Sherlock said truthfully, his face reddening ever so slightly.
"Yes. At the time I was under the illusion that I didn't have one, but he proved me wrong. And now that I know he's aware of my situation I don't know how to keep it safe." Sherlock admitted reluctantly, calculating John's expression.
"It's a musical and musicals are meant to have happy endings, it just defied years of tradition in 5 minutes."
"Fine, I'm not okay." Sherlock said begrudgingly, and John tried not to smile at his little victory.
"That's cheating, I was distracted. It won't work if one of us gets distracted." John argued, knowing what he'd just said was admitting to a whole new possibility.
John comes home to find Sherlock sat on the floor with some heartbreaking news and John tries to make him feel better.
"You want to try and distract me." Sherlock asked, his tone clearly indicating that he didn't think that was possible.
"Really? Never seems like that long, I bet I won." John thought out loud, enjoying the deep chuckle from the man laying beneath him.
He debated just standing there and listening to Sherlock sing all night, but if he was caught he might be considered a little strange for lurking in the doorway. So instead he walked out into the living room and made his presence known by sounding his footsteps on the wooden floor, noticing how Sherlocks back tensed and he immediately stopped singing and playing. There were a few tense seconds whilst Sherlock stood frozen, not knowing how to handle the situation he probably deemed embarrassing. He soon came back to himself and continued his violin playing, even when John wrapped his arms around Sherlocks waist and rest his head between his shoulder blades it continued to produce beautiful sounds. Eventually the piece came to an end and Sherlocks arms relaxed, his bow hanging limply beside him.
Sherlock and John perform a study in the form of a staring contest designed to make you fall in love. But does it actually work? Set after season 4 but without Mary/Rosie.
"I know you can hear me and I know you're upset but please let me in... Sherlock please." John said, resorting to begging just so he could make sure Sherlock was okay. There was no answer, so John decided just to wait.
"Hmm?" Sherlock replied, walking into the room and leaning on the counter behind him. John took a deep, steadying breath and turned around, making quick eye contact with the man in front of him, and before he chickened out quickly leaned in and pressed their lips together. Sherlock made a little noise in surprise before slowly kissing him back, his lips hesitant but soft against John's. When they pulled apart John grinned victoriously, pecking Sherlock on the nose before turning back to his tea.
"You." John replied, his stomach fluttering oddly at the smile that stretched across sherlocks face.
"You clearly aren't fine and I'm not leaving until you tell me what's bothering you." John argued, set on getting through to Sherlock. He cared about him, more than he probably would like to admit to, and it bothered him seeing him distressed.
"You said friend, but it's not what you meant." John reminded him, afraid he was stepping into dangerous territory but pushing further anyway.
"I meant what I said. I don't care what it is as long as you're okay." Sherlock blinked and looked down at his leg which was resting against John's.
"If you laugh I'll hit you." Sherlock threatened, before positioning the bow in place. John stepped back so he wouldn't receive a bow to the face, but also so he could see the sheet music with Sherlocks messy handwriting littering the lyrics under various notes.
"Thank you my love ." Sherlock whispered softly, reconnecting their hands. John knew he meant it when Sherlock used a pet name, something he claimed to despise but secretly loved.
"It wasn't a riddle, I thought it was rather obvious." Sherlock replied, watching John with a guarded expression.
"Thank you John." Sherlock said, understanding what John was trying to say even though said man didn't really understand himself.
"I also don't think I can physically tell you." Sherlock said frowning, but still staring at John with his penetrating blue eyes.
"So what I'm getting at is it's a friend that some people seem to think are lovers." John stated, glad when Sherlock nodded. He had a funny feeling in his stomach once he said this out loud.
"Alright alright. Moriarty said something at the pool that he shouldn't have know, couldn't have possibly known. And now that he's said it I can't stop thinking about it." Sherlock admitted, sinking further in his chair.
"Sherlock." John said, trying to put all the words he didn't know how to say into that single word alone.
"Perhaps I should take you to dinner to apologise?" Sherlock said smoothly, but there was still a hint of awkwardness proving how nervous he really was.
He hadn't called anyone, not Lestrade or Mycroft or to the sky in a dramatic cry of sorrow. Instead he lay just as John did, eyes staring back into unseeing darkness beyond the blue grey lenses that stopped working just as everything else did. He didn't know how long he'd been there, he didn't know how his body hadn't already run out of liquid due to the steady stream of salt water leaking out his eyes, soaking his red cheeks with trails of memories. Each tear was a moment, each moment was brief, yet each brief moment would last a life time.
"-but there's someone you want to protect right? Maybe a friend, or even a lover, but someone Moriarty knows about, that's why he said he'd burn your heart out because he knew who to go after." John stated. Sherlock observed him for a moment before leaning back in his chair, stretching his legs out so they almost brushed John's knee. He tried not to notice.
"City of stars, there's so much that I can't see. Who knows? I felt it from the first embrace I shared with you..." John smiled at the memory of kissing Sherlock for the first time, underneath a staircase at Scotland Yard while Greg went to fetch some case files.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to make you jump." Sherlock apologised, smiling in amusement despite his words.
"Wait no..." John muttered, frowning deeply. Moriarty knowing Sherlock could feel wouldn't put him in danger, it would just confirm that Sherlock was in fact human. But how would Moriarty break his heart? They'd only met once and the idea of something between them made John just want to snort, so that was out of the question. So what then?
The kettle finished boiling and he poured the hot water in, finished making the tea then motioned for Sherlock to come sit back down in the armchairs. Once they were seated John carefully placed his cup down on the unstable coffee table, then passed Sherlocks over. John noticed Sherlocks hand shaking as he took it and a lump formed in his throat.
"I'm not going anywhere. Whatever it is you tell me I won't get angry or leave, we'll talk about it like adults and then move on with our lives. It's not healthy to keep things pent up, eventually you'll snap and no offence but neither of us have fun when that happens. I don't care what it is as long as you're okay after, alright?" John said carefully, judging sherlocks expression. He was stoic as usual, but John thought he saw a flash of doubt cross his eyes.
"So you want this friend of yours to be a lover?" John confirmed, and after a few moments Sherlock nodded reluctantly.
"I thought I knew everything John. I thought I could read every person and predict what they were all thinking in a heartbeat. But when it comes to you I don't even know what I'm thinking, I don't know what to think anymore." Sherlock confessed, fiddling with the cuff of his dressing gown.
"Detective Sherlock Holmes and partner John Watson are back solving crimes after a 2 year absense, however fans suspect it's not the only thing they've returned to doing together. Many are wondering what happens behind the closed doors of their flat in Baker Street, and whether or not their relationship goes further than just friendship. It is said they've been sighted around London looking more than happy with each others company and hardly ever seem to have anyone else joining them, suggesting a more intimate involvement with each other. Are the Baker Street duo strictly professional or is something else happening inside their personal life? Go to www.johnlock.co.uk to read the opinions of their fans." Sherlock read, commenting something unimportant about bad word structure at the end. John found he wasn't as upset as he would have been 2 years ago, however it did annoying him that people were just so nosy. So what if they went out alone? So what if they enjoyed each others company? It didn't mean they were together just because they lived in the same apartment or went out to dinner.
"So I was right about all of it?" John asked, surprised and slightly proud of himself despite the situation.
"Friend. Although he'd also most likely make a crude joke about the lovers part too." Sherlock added as an after thought.
"I'm still here, in your mind, I'll never really be gone as long as you make sure I stay." John replied, smiling sadly.
"I don't know what I meant." Sherlock said, forever guarding his heart. John didn't know what to do, and Sherlock looked so out of his depth, so he opted for what normal friends would do if the other was upset. John stood up and looked at Sherlock expectantly, who just stared back at him blankly.
Later, once the puppy was fast asleep in its still-much-too-large basket and some of the guests had already started leaving, Sherlock noticed John standing by himself in front of the fireplace, absently staring at the picture of Aunt Vivian on the mantelpiece. His lips moved in a barely audible mumble, “Thanks, Aunt Viv.”
The top shelf inside the cabinet was empty. Sherlock bent down to look at the next shelf, on which lay a sheet-covered body. “Tough crowd,” he replied dryly. He closed the door and turned around.
But rest assured that they are written, only in the process of beta'ing. This is not one of those never-ending WIPs. ;)
Btw I wasn’t sure if I should tag this ‘graphic depictions of violence’. There is brief mention of extreme violence in this chapter, but as it’s not graphically depicted in any sort of detail, I decided not to tag the whole fic as such, but to just mention it here in the notes.
John let out a fondly disapproving grunt while he sat down on the bed next to him, and started to pour some tea.
?” John huffed. This was unbelievable. The twat. “Do you want me to show you some exciting fun, right here, right now?” John said, ominously quiet and with a mischievous smirk. He didn’t bother to wait for a response and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s in the middle of the pavement. That would teach him.
They held hands in the cab like frightened school children; Sherlock numb after having finally released his emotions, John clenching his other fist with more force than would be required to strangle the toughest geography teacher in the country. John very much doubted that anyone had been there to hold Sherlock’s hand back then, after it happened. He had so many questions, but none of them were worth asking.
The thought of having breached John’s trust by planting the device at his therapist’s made him feel sick.
. A smile tugged at his mouth. Although John had been right in thinking Sherlock didn’t have a lot of experience, thankfully he’d been wrong about him not wanting intimacy. (Which was actually a bigger relief than he cared to admit.)
Nonetheless, John had then simply brushed his teeth and gone up to his old bedroom as if everything was back to the way it had been.
Hannah stared at the picture on her phone screen and smiled. Briony had sent her a lovely selfie of her and little Imogen.
But Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to John’s scar, which he had never seen up this close before. The scar that had brought John home, to him. Wasn’t it the strangest twist of fate that they wouldn’t be here if John hadn’t been shot in Afghanistan? Then again, almost the same went for his own gunshot wound, which had revealed Mary’s true nature and eliminated her from the equation.
John is nowhere near as inebriated as he was on Tuesday, but the pints he drank with Greg do help to lessen his reservations. He holds Sherlock in what is not quite a hug (but what, then?) and he guesses that Sherlock must be okay with this, too, at least for now, because his breathing stays calm and does not become shallow. Almost like he’s breathing the sensation in. He doesn’t open his eyes; he seems to be simply… trusting, waiting.
Since Eurus had been spying on them quite frequently – what else was there to do, when she missed her like crazy - she had noticed, late September, that John had stopped coming home to their terraced house on Wordsworth Avenue. After another few days, she had decided to simply knock on Rose’s door.
John noticed Sherlock suddenly looked slightly out of breath, even though he had not exerted himself at all. His nostrils were wide and patches of his neck had flushed red.
Three days had passed. John had hardly eaten. But he hadn’t drunk either. Well, only fruit juice. So that at least was a good thing, he reckoned.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and, without moving his head, his eyes very briefly wandered to the edge of the table, towards where John was standing, then quickly back to his insects.
Mycroft finally looked up at him, with weary eyes. Worry was etched onto his face. “He never called you, did he.” It wasn’t really a question.
“I see,” John said, not entirely successfully repressing a proud grin. “So you’re convinced that their deal included the condition ‘before he dies’?”
“No, I do! I do,” John assured him, almost tearing his dress as he took it off in one swift movement. He wasn’t very well going to do it looking like
Sherlock didn’t drop his cheery act until they were well inside a cab (again, almost giving the cabbie a heart attack when Sherlock’s true gender became clear as soon as he opened his mouth to speak). “Nothing, again,” Sherlock spat.  “None of them seems to have had either motive or opportunity. Nor could any of them shed any new light on the case whatsoever.” He sighed.
John goes silent, and swallows. “Seriously, Sherlock…” he mumbles, but he doesn’t do anything to stop him, unable to move a muscle. His hands seem glued to the worktop on either side of his hips. Sherlock just keeps blandly looking up at him as he fishes the condom John had hoped to put to use tonight from John’s left trouser pocket. How in the devil’s name Sherlock even knew it was there John doesn’t ask.
Hannah ran the last few metres through the small corridor and arrived in the bedroom only to see John sitting up in bed wide-eyed and a movement of black fabric disappearing through the knocked out window. She leaped over to look outside through the broken glass, but could only hear someone letting themselves fall awkwardly down the garbage bins under an overhang that restricted her view.
, don’t take them yourself, okay? I will give them to you at the scheduled times, ensuring the dose will be gradually reduced.”
“Arrives and leaves at the exact same time every bloody day, like clockwork,” said the second man, before bursting out in another nasty coughing fit.
with me?” Sherlock said, vaguely realising he was paradoxically making it sound as if it was the filthiest thing he had ever heard. He had simply never for a second considered the possibility that these feelings were
Then, on Monday, as soon as the afternoon guard took a loo break and the nurse was nowhere to be seen, she walked in.
Victor made a spluttering noise. “You expect me to believe that? He’s your mate. You’re bonded. Of course you wanted him. And after you had sex in our flat two days before?”
“You are, and you will be,” John said, gripping Sherlock’s arms firmly. “I promise you, I’m not going anywhere until you kick me out.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitch, but he deadpan took John’s hand, and shook it. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes. I’m the world’s only consulting detective.”
“Which I can never apologise enough for,” Sherlock said. His eyes dropped down, staring at a drip of coffee in his saucer. “It isn’t my place to gloss over that, and I never shall. I thought I was protecting you, by doing as he asked and leaving you behind. I never should have let you out of my sight.”
‘I was so sorry to hear about your father,’ Magnussen said, smoothly. ‘Such a pity, at his age. I know he wanted to see you grown up and happy.’
An unnatural calm hit John’s brain, fighting against the panic and terror. A vampiric trick, he realised before his heartbeat slowed, and the fear he felt melted away, against his will.
John nodded, keeping his distance, but Sherlock was already coming forward with a hand held out to shake.
Sherlock rolled his hips hard and fast, as no human could without tiring. It was all John could do to lean against him, to let his cock be rubbed against Sherlock’s stomach as his prostate was all-but abused within him.
“I mean…. Mentally. Physically. Whatever. I…” he shook his head. “That was awful. I really don’t think I can…” he had an urge to cover his crotch. “It’s like, there’s no other way for it to come out, is there?” He knew his eyes looked a bit wild, but he didn’t care. “It’s got to happen, and I can’t even choose when!”
“We do. Moreso now weddings are commonplace. We get married, and then have a… yeah.” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck, the future-ghost of teeth making his skin tingle. “We can choose our mates. Arranged bonds are illegal.”
“It’s tiring, being brought around,” a doctor explained. “Being in a coma isn’t the same as being asleep. He’ll be exhausted.”
“It’s very nice,” John said, his throat on fire. Even his jaw seemed to ache at the sight of the tiny suit. There were little bumps at the bottom where feet would go, and there were gloves attached by a string for tiny hands. The hood of the sleepsuit had bunny ears.
"You can't protect me from the way people will look at me when they find out," Oliver snapped. “There’s nothing you can do about that. I’ll get moved again, like some waste of space, like some… I might as well just quit and be done with all of this.”
Mycroft smiled, gently. “Sherlock doesn’t have many attachments. If any at all, aside from those in his professional life. For someone to ask that he be notified when they are injured and close to death... is unusual, to say the least.”
John gasped, seeing white as his insides were – at last – wonderfully filled, stretched. It was so welcome, he could barely think. He wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s hips, and pulled with his ankles, bringing Sherlock closer, drawing the alpha inside, as Sherlock gave shivered little moans, stopping just before his already-inflating knot. There was no way John could take that outside of a heat.
‘That you were asking for it,’ Mycroft sighed. He rubbed his temples. ‘This isn’t right. You cannot possibly think of proposing to that man. He’s wanted you since you were in nappies, Sherlock. He kissed you without you wanting it, no matter what the circumstances might have been. He’s kept you in his debt through gifts and schooling and promises – you don’t owe him anything, do you understand me?’
“Lestrade called,” John handed Sherlock a tea. “Wanted to know if you’re available for work again, yet.”
“Mycroft, don’t you dare walk away from me,” John shoved the door open and grabbed the alpha by the lapels, yanking him down to face him. “You did something. Didn’t you?”
“That’s understandable,” John said. “I’m not looking an apology, Sherlock, or even an explanation, it’s just… if I end up living with you, again… It has to be make or break. I can’t do anything stupid again, and neither can you.”
“More or less,” John said, wincing as he and Sherlock ‘landed’. He didn’t understand why they couldn’t just get a cab. He leaned against the frame that separated the lounge from the kitchen. “What about you?”
Sherlock raised his head as the door to the lounge opened. He breathed in sharply, the familiar scent hitting the back of his throat.
John grit his teeth, and raised eyes he didn’t realise had been focussed on the table. “No,” he said aloud, the effort making him break into a sweat. “No, Eurus. That is not what happened. That… is not my fault. Your dad, and you… you filled my head with so much shit that it’s still festering. Well, you’re not adding to it. I came to say that I want to try and forgive you, that I understand what Siger did to the both of us, and I know you had it worse. But I don’t know if you want me to try and forgive you. I don’t know what you want, but this isn’t something I can give you.”
“Fucking hell.” John shouted in horror, dropping his phone and the present. He threw himself at Sherlock, grabbing his wrist, forcing the knife away from him, wrenching it from his grasp.
John hung up, and went back to his mate. “It’s just you and me, lovely. Now, when you get that next pain, you need to push, ok?”
still covering him. The memories of the night before suddenly rushed back, making him blush and shift nervously, taking stock of his situation.
John could feel a tide of emotions coming up, crawling over his scalp, paralysing the back of his throat. He couldn’t reply.
“John, I am not going to get angry at you about any of this,” Sherlock said. “I can’t. That would be pointless. Emotions have never been my strong point, as you know, but this isn’t the time for us to rake one another over the coals. We need to be a united front, and pointing blame isn’t going to get either of us anywhere. There’s a baby upstairs who needs her parents ready to look after her.”
When the banging came at the front door, and the shouts of “SHERLOCK!” and “JOHN!” came from the street, Sherlock ignored them.
“I know,” he kissed Sherlock’s jaw. “I know there’s not… But after last night… it’s like you’re mine.”
“No, baby. No quite.” His gaze slid from John and John knew, without turning around, that at least one, possibly two other men had quietly approached from the other direction. His heart sank. One man, he could probably still handle, even in his condition. Two would be unlikely. Three was out of the question.
A small bit of John’s brain said that Victor could be staking a claim on Sherlock – a sort of engagement that meant he would be there if and when he presented.
Sherlock strode over, looking over John's shoulder easily and reading the screen. John tried not to flinch, but he couldn’t help tensing up a little. A natural response, he told himself. Perfectly natural to be on alert when your predator is within biting distance.
Mycroft gave a small smile. “I know I have no connection to you or your child whatsoever, but, despite what Sherlock thinks, I am not entirely heartless. If you handed your baby over to the system you could not choose where he or she ended up. These two families…” he nodded at the files, “…would make wonderful homes.”
“I know. I wouldn’t go on my own, though. And she’s in a secure unit. She couldn’t physically hurt me.”
“Mine!” John roared, snapping his hips forward, his cock rubbing over Sherlock’s prostate so the omega’s arms started shaking.
It was four months (and a quick-fire round of therapy and a new prescription) later that Sherlock found himself back at St Bart’s. Molly was working on the opposite side of the room, looking up regularly at developing samples, and at Sherlock.
"If it's any consolation, I don't really either," John spoke up. "And I'd appreciate it if you'd both stop talking like I don't exist in the same room as you."
, as Eurus had once said he would be. He had found it, it seemed, with Sherlock. Sherlock, the alpha with a kind heart, the one who kept John safe, who warmed him at night, who drew pleasure from his body. The alpha who didn’t push him for a family, who had encouraged him to study… but wasn’t willing to make the final step, and let John go, and be what he was – in his mind – born to be.
“Strange, how the couples they show for this sort of thing are always the same,” Sherlock said. “Alpha man, omega woman. They never show genetic testing for betas. Or an alpha-beta couple.”
“That’s alright, then,” John said. Then wondered why he’d said that. “Not that that’s insulting or anything,” he said quickly. “Just… well, you’re my friend. We’re not…” he trailed off.
“Hm? Oh, yes…” he took some milk from the fridge. “I thought you could sleep in the first spare room –”
“John Watson rode with you in the ambulance. He kept pressure on your wounds until paramedics arrived, and he has not left your side since you were admitted. He’s only not here now because I made him go and find something to eat,” Mycroft’s ears went red. “You are luckier than you realise to have him as a friend.”
Some humans walked away from their lovers. Some were turned. Others vanished, and their disappearances were not investigated. Once a vampire killed a human, the human’s rights as a person were revoked – they were treated the same as cattle. And no one went to prison for eating a burger.
John killed his urge to laugh by kissing Sherlock again. His tongue swept into that clever mouth, tasting cigarettes and a day’s living. Sherlock squeezed his arse again, and John’s insides seemed to tense and dissolve, a sudden urgency of
John stared. He wasn’t entirely sure, but it seemed like Sherlock was saying more than one thing. “Sherlock… what do you mean you understand? Has…”
It was still early, by the standards of the average Friday night, but 221B Baker Street was dark, and quiet. The clock on the mantle ticked – the second-hand going the wrong way after Sherlock had tinkered with it and put it back together in too much of a hurry. Beside a collection of impaled butterflies, a single letter sat, torn open, the contents read and re-read several times, and still to be digested. More letters – this time with an address penned with military precision – were stacked on the desk against the wall. Around one half of them were still to be read, their contents sealed up against the years.
John wanted to speak. He wanted to start speaking, start apologising, start trying to explain, but he couldn’t.
“Yeah, in the shoulder,” John tapped his arm, thinking about the metal that was hidden beneath. “I… I didn’t hear about you…”
“Mm,” John exhaled lazily, letting Sherlock continue his exploration of his body. It was as though John was an old, favourite book, and Sherlock was remembering him, and learning him at the same time. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, enjoying the attention.
Sherlock let go of John’s hand. “I can’t,” he said. “If you want to do this, you do it on your own. I am not going to help you to die, John Watson. I refuse to lose you again.”
“Moved to London, yeah,” John said, watching as the teachers exchanged a few words, and then Mr Brett left, with a nod to his students. “Bit of a pain in the arse moving halfway through the year, like.”
Sherlock took a drink, and replaced his cup carefully. “John, please listen to me. I never stopped wanting to talk to you. But in that house, you’ll know, we were watched. All the time. I had time, before my – my rut – where I could talk to you. But after it hit…” Sherlock went red, and something jolted inside John. “It was clear that my father expected me to become like him, and that anything less would invoke his displeasure. So, I did. I copied his attitude to my mother, and projected it onto you. In doing so, I protected you.”
“The water was nice,” Sherlock said, wishing he was still in it. Outside of the weightlessness of the water, he felt clumpy and awkward. He shifted, feeling another ache start just above his public bone, and spread outwards over his bump. He bit his tongue rather than show any pain.
The kiss flamed through John - a soft buzz that made him hum against Sherlock’s mouth, pull him closer with his good arm until John was backed against the fridge.
Fisher beckoned John over to where he was standing with Mycroft. Mycroft was glaring daggers at John, who couldn’t really understand why, besides the fact his brother was dying and John hadn’t saved him, couldn’t save him.
“It HELPS!” John thundered back. He was shaking. “Helps. The urge.” His arms were covered in unhealed puncture-marks.
