“You like my bow tie?” Dean asks, touching the ribbon around his neck. It’s wide and white, salvaged from a well-wrapped Christmas present a couple months ago. And it very nearly matches the tiny bow on the front of Dean’s panties.
And because Cas has never fully understood anything about personal space, he still comes around the tiny table to hop up onto the stool next to Dean, instead of taking Sam’s.
“Are we good, then?” Dean asks. “Not to drop this on you and run, but I gotta get some work out of the way before class.”
“Your donation will have enough platelets to help three patients. In the next five days, you’ll have radically changed someone’s quality of life. My job is to make that as easy as possible.”
Castiel hits play and finally grabs his burger. Choosing which side to start with, he pays his food more attention than the start of the movie. He hums with the first bite. “This is good,” he says with his mouth full.
Unable to speak, Dean grabs at Castiel’s coat. Not the hem, but the waist tie, forever untied. Dean grabs and pulls and, somehow, the tie doesn’t pull free, doesn’t slip from the loops against Castiel’s hips.
Once New Year’s ticks by, there’s the usual January rush of donations. Maybe it’s from all the accidents on Christmas and New Year’s Eve, maybe it’s the New Year’s resolutions playing their part, but for whatever reason, they are fully packed for the first few weeks of the year. Even the more involved donations like plasma and platelets are fully booked, and Castiel considers more than once how prudent it was for Dean to make both his January appointments last month.
It’s a slow enough a day for them to be able to talk while Castiel is between donors or doing paperwork. Despite never using the TV attached to the raised medical beds for the lengthier donations, Dean asks Castiel what he’s been watching lately. When Castiel goes on a minor rant—or two—about frustrating writing or poor acting, Dean’s laughing along. Because it’s Dean, the laughter doesn’t irritate, or sound like it’s at Castiel’s expense. No, it’s simply warm and pleased.
At that, Jimmy dismounts him fully. He doesn’t rise, though, his legs clearly too fucked up by his extended time kneeling, so Dean lends a hand, literally. He covers Jimmy’s hand with his own, still clenched in Dean’s hair, and in the guise of being yanked up, Dean muscles Jimmy up to standing as well, before promptly throwing himself against the wall. He cries out all the way through, feigning a real tug and overwhelming manhandling.
Gripping the tie by the long end, not the short, cinching end tucked beneath, Castiel shifts his weight and passes the tip of the tie between his own legs. With his right hand behind his back, Castiel pulls, drawing Dean forward by the neck until Dean’s face is again flush to Castiel’s crotch. With his left hand, Castiel again grips Dean by the hair.
“If I didn’t take care of things, you’d be fucked up against this wall now,” Jimmy tells him, taunts him. “Is that what you want? Is your Master’s cock not enough for you?”
Over the course of an eon, Dean’s heartbeat slows. His dick pretends to soften, but never fully commits.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean grumbles, but less than three quarters of an hour later, he’s clearing his throat at Castiel. “Fine, you win, blanket time.”
Dean sucks apologies. He sucks gratitude. He kisses the massive girth as best he can, as much as he can. He controls himself better when he starts to gag, or maybe Castiel takes that away from him, holding Dean’s throat open the same way he holds open Dean’s legs.
He showers accordingly, then cleans out the shower drain accordingly. He inspects himself more closely than he usually does, crotch and dick and all the rest. He leans close to the bathroom mirror before deciding to shave his face and style his hair.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, not at all sounding surprised. “I’m thinking my arm around your waist, we both get grabbed, and you try to grab back for my hand? Make an ‘H’?”
There’s a gentle pressure on Dean’s shoulder, a soft brush of hair against his cheek: maybe a kiss on the shoulder. “Thank you for making the lasagna again. I know it takes forever.”
“The lube gumming up the switch probably didn’t help either.” Dean clears his throat. “Should be fine now.”
Castiel shifts in his chair. He lifts one sock-clad foot and presses it against Dean’s straining dick, and Dean folds over Castiel’s leg, groaning as if he’d just been kicked.
“Yeah.” Dean rubs at Cas’ shoulder, and there’s no way Cas can’t feel Dean’s heart pounding beneath his arm. “I’m thinking, one hit for every day I forget to get tested. I mean. I was thinking we could, y’know. Get to that stage?”
They feel so good under his hand, against his cheek. A lifetime of mass-produced cotton blends, and now he has silk and satin, a world of indulgence just for his dick. Fuck, but he’s going to wear these.
“Not that I’ve ever seen,” says another alpha who seems very comfortable with his blade. Gordon, Prince Samuel had called him. “There’s-”
Castiel returns to find Dean twisted over and humping the bed. Castiel stops short but says nothing. He approaches, sets both glasses down on his beside table, and stands there, looking down at Dean with dark, hooded eyes. He has the sex towel draped over one arm.
“You’re better now!” Dean shouts at his brother, even as Castiel pushes on Dean’s shoulder and leads them both outside.
into his underwear. The oven is off but far from cool. Everything waits inside to keep warm. Beer bottles are cold in the fridge, accompanied by a six-pack of root beer so Jack can mimic them.
He rifles through his closet until he finds a suitable light jacket. The inside pockets are big enough for both lube and Dean’s prize. That decided, Dean puts his cushion on the kitchen island, a clear signal for Cas to pick whatever location he wants Dean to kneel.
“Yeah, no, I hear you,” Dean promises. “We can borrow my brother’s kids, make a whole basketball team out of ‘em.”
When Dean settles once more, Castiel continues his transition into fully lying down beneath the sheets. It takes several stops and starts, and each pause grants Castiel more time to observe Dean relaxing from tiny pieces of tension.
“Whatever you think, I’m winning this,” Hunter says, every inch a fighter. Face gleaming. Eyes shining. Sword bared. A vision of omega perfection Castiel had never considered until now.
Jimmy grunts on top of him, repeatedly straining down for an attempted kiss, but each time he does, Dean slips farther out. He twists Dean’s nipples in a rebuke that only makes Dean moan, loud and low and deep, from the heart. “The next time I put you inside me, you
Castiel nods. Hunter, then, not Prince Samuel. The easier member of the pair to explain. “Nervous young alpha,” he replies. “His first time in real combat outside of bar fights. I gave him some advice.”
Though very much fading, Dean still shifts himself higher. He fights gravity to stay inside Castiel longer. He fights post-coital sleep.
“So I know what I’m gonna aim for next. Finishing school, breaking out into the car show world. Yeah, I’m nervous, but I’m not scared as shit anymore. I know things are gonna change when I’m not on campus all the time anymore, but I get to ask for how things change. And that’s why…” Dean swallows thickly.
Too soon, it’s time to release Dean back into the wild. For all he can reassure himself how unlikely it is that Dean will meet someone in the next fortnight, there’s no guarantee. Desperation grinds his brain to a complete halt.
They breathe heavily, panting, wasting energy. Any maneuver requiring dexterous work is a maneuver doomed to failure. Here are blunt blocks only, finesse worn away.
“Of course we’re ‘okay,’ we’re all queer,” Castiel interrupts, his voice harsher than intended. He pauses, clears his throat, and adds, “Next time you take a break, please inform Hannah that it’s for a
“Excuse me,” Castiel says to the entire donation center, but particularly Meg, who looks posed to immediately burst into whatever genre of less than gentle ribbing she deems appropriate. Also Hannah, whose concerned look at Castiel clearly conveys that they are absolutely willing to call the police on Dean if this proves serious.
Dean picks up his underwear, half-crunchy, half-wet. His jeans, too, are sweat-soaked, a one-way ticket to chaffing. At least, Dean will call it sweat-soaked. Most of it is.
“Jack Skellington, nice.” Another compliment, another tap on the character’s face over Castiel’s pectoral. “You’re really Halloweening it up, huh.”
“Hannah,” Castiel says sharply, interrupting Prince Samuel. “You and Balthazar will escort Gordon out.”
“I’m sorry we didn’t get to talk much today,” Castiel apologizes as he unhooks Dean, holding the gauze firm against Dean’s arm. Even if they’d had, Castiel’s headache would’ve ruined much of it.
“I’m,” Castiel says as they part. “I’ll see you Saturday night. And if it’s all right with you, I’d like to tell Hannah to cancel your next appointment. To have the option.”
“Yeah, but there’s a limit on how many times I can over a couple months or a year or whatever,” Dean says. “If I pace myself out for every two weeks, it’ll be more consistent.”
Dean swallows, hard, swallows down an L word that’s coming way too soon, has to be too soon. “You naming my panties already?” he jokes instead, and it takes Castiel a minute to roll his eyes.
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean says just a little bit too loudly in a parking lot, just as a mother with two little kids in tow pass behind him.
When Castiel comes of age, he does so as an alpha and, therefore, is immediately taken on as a squire to his third-cousin Prince Michael. It is a great honor, and one only afforded to him by his other cousins presenting as betas. He maintains weapons, honing both the blades and his skills with them. He rides hard and long, his days stretching even beyond those of Prince Michael; after all, someone must cook breakfast before sunrise and clean dinner’s dishes after dusk.
“I know what I want to do with my life,” Dean continues. “I didn’t think I’d… But I do. I seriously, actually do.
“I’m updating my will and living will,” Castiel explains. “If I’m incapacitated and otherwise unable to make decisions regarding my own well-being, will you be my healthcare proxy? If I don’t designate someone, it automatically goes to my parents. You see the obvious issue.”
“Go sit on your bed,” Dean decides. “And, hold on.” He pulls up his sexy times playlist on his phone. Hands that over. “I’ll be right in.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says against Dean’s shoulder, so much urgency and stiffness in his exhausted frame. “Please don’t- I can’t lose you too.”
“Cool,” Dean says, and he does it properly this time. Tugs Cas back toward him by a hand on his hip. Gets Cas standing up against the bar stool, standing between Dean’s legs. Holds Cas by the hair, a firm grip above his nape. Opens his mouth to Cas, and this time, learns how he tastes.
Cas sighs again. It’s even worse than before, because this one is mad as hell. Cas stands up, muttering, “I told him not to...”
Just as Cas starts to turn on the bar stool, Dean slides off his. His crotch hits Cas’ hip. His hand lifts to permanent five o’clock shadow. Dean pulls and stoops and shuts his eyes to block out the startled confusion staring back at him.
“God no,” Dean assures him. “You, ah…” He looks Castiel up and down in a far longer glance than is strictly necessary. “You and the Snoopy scrubs are good. Am I picking you up here at seven, or we meeting there? Wherever there is.”
“Will you consider it?” Castiel asks, even as the horns blow again, resuming the battle with its few remaining combatants.
“You’re holding up the line,” Meg says, puppy eyes out in full effect, alongside a “who? Me?” pout entirely belied by the faces of the donors positioned around her. “Dean, we close at six-thirty and leave by seven, now shoo.”
“Okay,” Dean says. “All right.” That bobbing, rocking nod continues. It’s not how Castiel himself stims, but it’s clear Dean needs to do this right now.
” Dean lets out, higher and breathier than real-life. Again, he turns his face to the side, and this time, he taps Jimmy on one thigh.
inside me until I take you out,” Jimmy orders, his words devoid of cursing, his tone made from profanity alone. “I can throw you in the trash with the rest of my broken toys.”
The man frowns back. They stare at each other for a long, mutually incredulous moment before the man nods to himself and starts loading his own cart with cat food and treats. He sets to it with the diligence of a quartermaster preparing the rations for his troops.
“Oh,” Castiel says, and gestures Dean inside. “School picture day. We’re wearing our professional, grown-up outfits.”
“You are not sticking the iPod thing into my car.” Dean crosses his arms on the wobbly bar table, leaning into the shift. “No way in hell.”
Hannah takes her appointment seriously, Balthazar with immense rolling of the eyes where King Michael cannot see, and Castiel’s training sessions evolve accordingly. Hannah and Balthazar swap roles, each attacking and defending Castiel, each forever thwarted by the other.
The number of alliances, however, grows increasingly clear as the full hundred fills the arena floor. Groups clump. Clusters separate. Alphas exchange looks with those next to them, and each negotiates by word or body language as to who shall be the first target. The corners of the arena have already been claimed by those confident enough in their abilities to not think themselves cornered. Only time will tell for them.
“That’s right,” Castiel agrees. “I need to calm down and go back to dinner now. Please don’t send pictures.”
Castiel brushes the tears away only from the corners of Dean’s eyes. “You’re so good for me, Dean. You can do this. You’re the little spoon now, I’ll stop pushing so hard.”
Castiel raises his eyebrows at the unasked for sound, and Dean braces himself for the strike. Instead of a slapping palm, he gets something slower: the thick and heavy tap of Castiel’s cock against his cheek. Enormous and only half hard, Castiel swings himself against each side of Dean’s face. With a thoughtful hum, Castiel strokes Dean’s cheeks by hand, Dean’s stubble vanishing in the wake of Castiel’s fingers.
“...Why you took this job?” The question feels insane, but also strangely right. “Really showing off that style contrast?”
“I’m gonna. Okay. Okay.” Dean breathes. He’d get off the couch, but he’s pretty sure he’d immediately fall flat on his face, his legs are jumping and jittering that bad.
“Not real,” Dean gasps out in the split second before Castiel claps a hand over his mouth. And his nose.
“Hands behind your back,” Castiel orders, and Dean forces himself to comply, even when the head of his dick finally pops out the top, his balls falling through the gap in one leg hole.
Unaware that Jack had already abandoned the park’s swings, Castiel squeezes his phone, turning off the screen. “It is. And I don’t want you getting attached if it doesn’t work out.”
“Yeah, no, I get it.” Despite the calm-sounding response, Dean continues to not quite look directly at Castiel, only at his gloved hands. “I’m basically on dialysis for two-ish hours, I know.”
“I don’t think you do,” Jimmy interrupts, something Dean’s grown to expect from other alphas in the business, but not so much the omegas.
It’s not as long as Castiel wants it to be, as long as either of them want it to be. Other responsibilities press in, not to mention the clear view of them that Hannah still has.
Castiel teases both of them so hard and so long, he has to stop to get them both water. Using his tie, he tightens the loop around Dean’s wrists and leaves him tied to the headboard. Pausing in the bedroom doorway, erect cock peeking out from the hem of his shirt, Castiel turns back to Dean and says, “If you can get it up again by the time I return, we can use the vibrating cockring. Do
With a lurid grin, Benny folds his arms and asks, “What about that mouth of his? That opens nice and wide too.”
Jimmy shakes his head and squeezes Dean hard between his massive thighs, squeezes and pulls like he’ll never allow Dean to slip out of him again.
Somehow, the guy catches up to him at the checkout counter, speeding his way through the next lane over while Dean’s cashier dawdles. Weirder yet, trench coat guy stops his cart between Dean’s lane and the exit and proceeds to stare at Dean some more.
Vibrating just as much as he had when entering, he exits his apartment above the garage, jogs down the stairs, and slides into his car. Patting the dashboard, Dean murmurs to the car as her engine purrs, “I’m just like you, Baby.” Fucking awesome on the outside, classy as shit on the inside.
Too awake to trust the physics of floating dream sex, Dean grabs on in the only way he can and bites down. On anyone—anything—else, there’d be crunching and blood, but Castiel simply narrows his eyes.
Eventually, he puts two and two together. It doesn’t help that the employees point him out to each other on occasion. There is also, weirdly, a guy out of store uniform that the employees still clearly talk to about Dean. When Dean turns down the pet aisle out of muscle memory, he sees the employee restocking the shelves paused to talk to this man in a trench coat. As Dean’s squeaking cart approaches, the pair go silent, and both stare at him wordlessly until Dean is well past.
Dean moves behind his cart. “Okay, stalker. Why am I not calling the cops on you?” Besides the fact that it’s always more hassle than it’s worth.
“Time’s up,” says one of the twins with a nervous laugh. The other one simply narrows his eyes toward the opening door and the hallway beyond, leading out into sunlight.
Manfully resisting the urge to bury his face in his hands, Dean nods, eyes on his empty beer bottle.
“Bedroom,” Dean orders, the command only somewhat undercut by having Castiel pinned against the kitchenette island.
Across the room and beneath layers of scent-blocking and synthetic musk, Jimmy looks back at him through a pair of mirrors and simply nods. Then he purses his lips and asks, “Should I call you ‘Hunter’?”
Rocking against the force binding his wrists to floor, Dean cries out. His dick pulses hard, and keeps pulsing. Holding Dean’s head in place, forcing Dean to reveal himself, Castiel watches the shaking thrusts of Dean’s hips against nothing but the painful restraint of his jeans.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, not quite looking at him. His fingers tap next to his phone screen, illuminated and showing that the music is paused.
Dean, being far less mannered than the southern belle of an alpha, fails to respond, his eyes instead stuck on the omega who just walked onto set.
“It’s enough, it’s more than enough, I love Master’s cock, I love Master fucking me with his big omega cock, I love it when my owner fucks me,” Dean rambles, unable to slow down the dirty talk when he can see just how much it affects Jimmy.
With a grateful moan, Dean resumes thrusting. He can hardly keep his eyes open against the wave of sensation, the skin-deep knowledge of each other, the rising wave of new scents—sweat, slick, saliva—flooding his nose.
Three is far harder, and four is overwhelming without dirty tactics or feigned retreat. With enough space to run, Castiel can draw them into a line, but soon his training partners learn. They line up the other way, approaching not as a spear to be knocked aside but as a wall to be smashed against.
“All right, you two. More of that Master-slut back and forth, I want a workable transition here, no abrupt cuts.”
Somewhere through all this preening, his stomach reminds him that dinner never happened. An eye on the clock, he eats lightly enough that sex shouldn’t make him feel bloated. After, he rattles around the apartment, absolutely ignoring all of his other responsibilities in favor of pairing shirts to the panties.
After again flailing around for something to say, Dean’s left with a bewildered “Do you like me now?”
As if Hunter had been the one waiting for that promise, Hunter goes hard on Castiel’s left, striking Castiel's shield down harder with each blow until the pain of raising it rivals the pain of being struck. Blow after blow from the side, hacking into his shield, then
“It means,” Sam says, now looking around the bar, presumably to see what the hell is taking Cas so long with the drinks, “it means... I’ll bet you for it. If I win, I get to listen to my podcasts in the Impala. And if you win, I’ll shut up about it.”
Remembering very well how he’d met Hunter, Castiel holds the line until Alistair passes them, the single-minded gleam of the chase in his eyes.
On shaking legs, Castiel stands up for a few seconds, but only to wipe his hands and refold the sex towel. He tells Dean to stretch his back and counts aloud, directing him. With the towel back on his chair, Castiel sits, spreads his legs, and gestures Dean back into position. He doesn’t give Dean his foot to rut against again. Instead, he reads news articles aloud on his laptop while petting Dean’s hair, absolutely ignoring Dean’s needy erection.
Castiel doesn’t melt his car. He simply lies down beside it with a comfortable gap between his arm and the doors. Again, he sinks, this time even more rapidly. He thrusts an arm into the snow beneath the car, centered between the tires, but there’s reasonably little. Job done, he lies there a moment longer, letting his body cool down, listening to Dean puff with the weight of the shovel.
“Yes? Your appointment was the day after your birthday.” Castiel picks up the sheet of label stickers and looks at Dean pointedly.
Dean opens his mouth to say something else, but Castiel cuts him off with a quick “Name and date of birth?”
Walking away with loud footsteps for an unshod man, Castiel takes his time. The kitchen cabinet closes. The fridge door grumbles about ice, and the glasses ping. All the while, Dean strains desperately inside his own mind, fixated on Castiel, on his dick, on the weight of the ring around his finger.
“Hold on,” Castiel says, following his own advice to lead Dean around by a fistful of t-shirt. Into the office they go, right up to Castiel’s desk, and then Castiel releases Dean to yank open the desk drawer, rip out a caddie of pens and post-its, and rip open the little box of staples behind it.
“So fucking hot, you’re so fucking hot, never fucking knew you could be like this,” Dean praises, his mind editing out the cameras, the onlookers, everything but Jimmy under him. Jimmy moaning and pleasured, Jimmy
Under the noise of the crowd, Castiel lowers his voice. “The medic is coming, and you can’t let them smell you.”
There are times for creeping up and times for rushing in. Then again, there are times for shooting the sonuvabitch too.
“Suck,” Castiel orders. This solid, unreal Castiel. A dream made physical, but still very much a dream.
Being a professional, Castiel comments on none of this. Instead he tries and fails to come up with something to talk to Dean about before his headphones go on for the next two hours.
“Tell me, Sir Castiel,” Queen Mary says, handing the omega servant Castiel’s helm. “Where are my sons?”
“Dude, that was a joke, but, uh, yeah, sure. I’ll have what he’s having,” Dean tells the bartender, nodding to Cas.
Despite the famous poker face already being out in full display, Dean knows at least some part of Cas has gone gooey over it too: Cas traces the loop of the
Pleasure blossoms into a twisted smile across Alistair’s surprised features. “So eager to see me. What a pleasure to have you come to me yourself. I knew you’d stop resisting eventually.”
They make it to seventy minutes, a bigger relief than it should have been. (If they hadn’t made it to minute sixty-nine, Dean would’ve been pissed.) Seventy-one, however, is close to a breaking point.
“You must seriously love cats, huh,” Dean says, inwardly lamenting that someone this insanely, intriguingly weird is bound to have a house full of dander.
“I’m- I’m good,” Dean says, visibly taken aback at the question. “Yeah, I’m good. Sorry it’s been so long.”
Half a minute later, having long since synchronized his own lunch breaks with Castiel’s, Dean texts back.
,” Dean whines. “Bragging rights. And it’s not like it’ll hurt our odds of more mated work.” Now that the initial buzz of them mating has worn off, so has that boost of attention. Everybody in their corner of the porn industry had wanted to know how the hell an alpha best known for getting railed by other alphas had landed the omega with a poker face so infamously unbreakable, he’d become a niche kink all his own. Hopefully, a win here will switch both of them out of the roles they’ve been literally pegged into for years.
Cas doesn’t let go, dragging Dean across the stairway landing of a hall and into his bedroom. It’s a mess, the kind that order falls into when there’s more pressure than time, and it’s surreal to see even just the bed unmade.
“We offer free refreshments but no mini-bar,” Castiel answers. “No alcohol for twenty-four hours after your appointment.”
Castiel reaches beneath his own arm to take Dean’s hand. He pulls firmly and presses Dean’s palm against his chest.
Frowning, Castiel joins them before shooing Meg back to one of her charges. Meg leaves, but only with a significant parting look at Hannah.
When they’re as limber and warmed up as they’re gonna get, they do the fake warm-ups for the camera, lingering and slow. And also increasingly naked.
An expression Castiel can’t precisely name spreads across Dean’s face. Eyes wide, corners of the mouth down-turned, it doesn’t
He changes quickly, grits his teeth at the unexpected itch of the unwashed mesh, and slings the black button down on. The hem hangs down low, concealing the mesh.
Castiel nods, clicking the correct appointment on his laptop screen. “This is your first time donating platelets, is that correct?”
Dean puts the laden cutting board down in front of the many papers Cas is correcting, and declares, “Charcuterie.”
“I give you the basics and you elaborate,” Dean reminds him. “It’s one of those awesome things you got going.”
“If I’m the one driving, it’s the rules,” Sam insists, but Dean is nothing if not a contrary asshole.
Quietly chanting “smoosh smoosh smoosh” to himself, Jack sets about demolishing the boiled potatoes. Cleaning out the used pot in the sink beside him, Castiel keeps an eye on Jack’s position on the step stool. So far, the Jack-induced mess is minimal.
At some point after Dean’s jaw aches but before he absolutely has to give up, Castiel does a quick double-tap against Dean’s shoulder. Hazy, Dean pulls off. He keeps his cheek on Castiel’s thigh, though.
Pitching forward, chubbing up against the counter, Dean groans. He wriggles his ass. “Not gonna tell you,” he goads in a sing-song.
Dean groans out, exaggerated but sincere. “So much better than alpha cock, fuck, you’ve got no idea.”
Looking Prince Samuel in the eyes, Castiel replies, “Hannah, if you have ever wished for me to gain the prince’s approval, I need you to do this for me. Now. I can explain later. Take him. Contain him. Ignore anything he says.”
Dean closes his eyes and opens his throat. Regardless of the demands of his body, he gasps for air through his nose. He licks between Castiel’s fingers. He wraps his lips around them, pulling with his mouth, furtively bobbing his head.
“January?” Dean takes a minute. “Oh. That. Yeah, that wasn’t a romance attempt. I mean, like five-ish years ago, that was a romance attempt, but now, that’s, uh.” A faint smile at a private joke. “That’s friends with bennies.” He clears his throat. “Point is, I figured out a while back that maybe I shouldn’t be leading with my pants next time. Meaning, you’re kinda perfect for where I’m at.”
“Considering everyone else involved would have to be sent to jail, yes,” Castiel agrees, not finding that joke particularly funny. “I’d probably go too for assaulting a few people.”
“You’ve mentioned him a couple times,” Kelly reminds him. “The nervous man you tuck in. You were disappointed on Friday because you forgot he wasn’t coming in.”
Thus, Castiel proceeds accordingly and disrobes. He keeps his movement and the rustling of his clothing to a minimum, as is polite. As is quieter than Dean’s breathing, and thus not a distraction from the sound.
Sadly, Sam is no longer dumb enough to take him up on that. Instead, he keeps looking around, craning his neck to see... something or other. “I bet you... that I can get laid tonight before you can get a single kiss. We pick each other’s targets.”
Quietly, slowly, Castiel talks him down. He tells Dean he’s allowed to come now, just the once, and they can call it a nocturnal emission.
Straining for more than air, Dean opens his mouth wide. Reaches with his tongue, the only part of him he can move, and tastes the blue-white blast waiting to consume him. Consciousness slides and sidles away, but still Dean kisses him. Can’t stop. Hurts too much to keep going, hurts too much to pull back.
Cas shakes his head. Points the neck of his beer toward where Sam’s chatting up a laughing woman who keeps touching his arm. “If you’re feeling too old to go out and do that. You’ll never be old to me, Dean.”
vanity to say he allows himself to remain fallen. Head ringing, field spinning, left arm all but useless, he still has his sword arm. Still has his legs. On the battlefield, with his life on the line, he has come back from worse.
“You’re going to yield,” Prince Samuel tells him, “and you’re going to keep your mouth shut for an hour. One hour.”
Dean slams the trunk and clears his throat. “Anyway. I’ll drop these off, but seriously, this is getting stupid. People
Motion catches his eye, and Castiel turns with relief toward the bar. Sat with his own legs stuck through the legs of the adjacent stool, Dean nods as Castiel sees him. As he approaches, Castiel shucks his coat, and Dean rises with a wide smile.
Nodding, Dean licks his lips, his eyes on the stethoscope rather than Castiel’s face, then on Castiel’s hands as he peels his gloves off. “Yeah, okay, let’s do this.”
That doesn’t stop Jimmy from snarling up at Benny, hands tight on Dean’s arms, legs wrapped around Dean’s hips. The other two alphas are still keeping close on their other side, but it’s Benny who Jimmy fixates on, growling deeper than Dean had thought an omega even could growl. When Dean glances back to Benny, tries to check if Benny hasn’t backed off after all, Jimmy grabs Dean by the ear and pulls, forcing Dean’s eyes back on him.
A wrenching twist traps Dean’s arms behind him; one vise-like hand secures them there. Still warm with impact, the striking palm covers Dean’s gasp of pain, clamping his mouth shut. One strong arm drags Dean forward against that immovable body, just as that muffling hand pushes Dean backward. With his feet once again free, Dean barely keeps from falling over Castiel’s arm at his back. The only leverage keeping Dean from falling is the hard press of Dean’s crotch against Castiel’s.
Down the line, Sam audibly squirms. “The shelter’s really underfunded, okay? It’s a good cause. And maybe a tax write off.”
“Cut!” Gabriel calls out, and the rest of the world abruptly barges back in. “Good enough as ad lib goes. I gotta look over the footage to see what we’ve got, might need both of you back tomorrow to polish a few things up, but otherwise, looking good.”
Dean hits the overhead light while Cas clicks on his bedside lamp. Dean does the same on his side. Their elbows brush as Cas scrolls through his tablet and Dean thumbs through his paperback. Before Dean can even find his place, Cas puts the tablet aside and drops his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
In a daredevil feat of amazing driving, Dean gets them all the way to Castiel’s parking spot without dying. He kills the lights and the engine, and Castiel makes a needy noise of protest as Dean releases him to do so.
Dean daydreams. He drifts. He comes back to himself, knees aching, back complaining, idly playing with his hole while leaning half on his bed, still looking at the panties.
“Understandable,” Castiel says. “Captain Talley, you know your companions best. What plans have you prepared?”
When Cas comes home, it’s to recap the entire seminar at high speed over yet more reheated lasagna, all the while peppering in things he wished he’d changed or needs to include next class. Dean follows where he can, makes mostly the appropriate noises, and actually makes one salient point that stops Cas in his tracts before riffling through his bag for a pen.
Competitive knotting comes down to a few things beyond simply achieving a solid lock. How long can the alpha maintain their knot? How long can the omega’s muscles hold out and hold on? Can cramping be delayed, or can the lock be maintained through the pain? Should the omega come beforehand, or can they be compelled to tighten via subsequent orgasms?
He drives home on the early side, or at least early for him. His phone beeps with a text along the way, but when Dean checks it at a red light, it’s not Cas asking for a ride home.
“I want you,” Dean answers, because he’s beyond questions. This is a statement, absolute, and Castiel understands the sentiment immediately, even if he doesn’t give in to it.
“Got it,” says the bartender, tapping her pen against her order pad. “What does this phlebotomist want for dinner?”
Unable to see anything other than his mate and the mat, Dean waits for Cas’ signal, for the double-tug in his hair as the ref approaches. He takes deep, deep breaths.
Both gape at him, one in confusion, one in ire. Neither appear armed or react as if sent by Lucifer or one of Alistair’s officers to kill Castiel while exhausted.
A balloon swells inside Castiel’s chest, fast and wide and warm. “I’d…” He swallows. “I would watch that,” he understates.
“Incoming,” one of Prince Samuel’s alphas needlessly warns: Alistair has used the previous break and this round so far to rally the remaining players against Prince Samuel’s numbers.
Dean catches both thrown bathrobes but holds Jimmy’s open for him, going so far as to hug him from behind and tie the terrycloth belt in place for him. Jimmy might shake his head a little at that, but it’s an endeared motion. He certainly leans into it enough when Dean kisses his cheek.
There is a brief interlude where the bartender returns with their drinks, they thank her, and Dean waits for her to walk away before answering.
Despite his mounting confusion and increasingly split focus, Dean gets his lines and posturing in exactly as practiced. When Gabriel doesn’t call for the scene to stop or reset, they simply keep going, hitting the moment where they’ll be able to film the halves of the scene separately: the moment Dean and Jimmy get torn away from each other.
Hands dipping down to Dean’s sides, Jimmy pulls back to look at him. “Please don’t say that mockingly. No one’s ever… Outside of a script, it doesn’t...”
Holding Dean steady, pinning Dean to him with one hand at the small of his back, Castiel raises his other hand to Dean’s face. Dean’s eyes widen, but he doesn’t jerk away as Castiel sets his thumb to the damaged lip, brushing away both blood and cut.
“You said something about hiding my scent,” Hunter reminds him. “Probably shouldn’t rejoin the fray until I get that covered.”
“Oh,” says Castiel, and the sounds of the donation center become at once incredibly distant and immensely loud.
“You, you could’ve-” Dean pauses there, mouth not working, head bobbing like a failing piston. Dean points to his own phone again. “For the first time? In a
Slightly muffled, Dean hears Cas say, “I need to take this outside for a minute.” Other people respond.
Dean amps up the whimpering and whining, all the while desperately grinding up into Jimmy, chasing after true release. Jimmy’s clenching inner walls massage Dean’s cock in their slick hold, but it’s the tug and shifting of his knot that he needs, it’s the hard, locking squeeze around him that he’s gagging for.
On Monday night, Castiel reheats lasagna for them both, but he insists on Dean’ kneeling at his side for forkfuls and ripped pieces of garlic bread. Dean’s wineglass has no stem, and even if Dean’s not much of a wine guy, there’s something about the glass in Castiel’s hand that makes Dean eager to drink.
“I love your cock,” Dean gushes in an instant. “It’s the best cock, it’s your cock, I want you to fuck me with it so bad, I want you ripping my ass open with it, I want it so far up my ass I can
The longer they stand, the more the scent of blood clearly riles those less accustomed to live combat. If anything, the familiarity calms Castiel: this is where he knows what to do.
The wheels and cogs keep turning behind Cas’ eyes, so Dean attempts to end the conversation by turning back to the stubborn pan.
“Cas, what kind of-” Dean stops. Stares, looking down at him as water soaks into Castiel’s clothing and a light steam rises, quickly becoming mist. “Holy shit.”
The light of revelation flashes behind Jimmy’s eyes, and a fresh flood of slick leeks out onto Dean’s crotch. Gazing down at Dean like no one’s ever called him that before, Jimmy rumbles out, “
Cas presses a scratchy kiss to Dean’s nape, and Dean’s shoulders shoot up, hunching at the stubble. Dean elbows back at him, only for Cas to respond by grinding his cheek against Dean’s skin.
Keeping an eye on the fallen alphas, Castiel drinks from his waterskin just enough to wash the coating of dust from his throat. He tucks it away and draws his sword well before the horns sound again, releasing them into battle anew.
Very seriously, Cas nods. “I want to taste you,” he says, as if that’s a thing people say to each other after sex is over.
Dean frowns at a point somewhere past Castiel’s ear, where math apparently resides. “Fifty-two weeks a year… Twenty-six fortnights. That’s just skipping a month.”
“It is with great pride that I present to you all this melee’s true victor. The last true competitor standing.” King John lifts his arm, looking back through the curtain.
Dean hangs around a little later than usual. No reason not to: he’s the boss, after all, and his first class isn’t until the afternoon.
Hackles immediately back up, Jimmy bares his teeth. As Jimmy turns his head to face Gabriel, Dean can see the skin of his neck, how it’s stiffened up over each of his scent glands, hard enough to take a bite with ease. Hands flat and possessive on Dean’s chest, Jimmy growls out, “He’s
Is it a challenge? Is Jimmy challenging him, omega to alpha-fucked-like-an-omega? Dean doesn’t have a clue how omegas challenge each other, but this might be it. If Dean could scent him beneath the blockers and the artificial, always horny-smelling synthetic omega perfume, maybe then he’d know what the hell was the guy’s problem.
Specifically, about arms around his waist. About Cas’ forehead pressed to the crook of his neck, hair still damp and aromatic with shampoo. About Cas’ hands gripping his own pajama sleeves, set against Dean’s stomach.
With the hand not holding the phone, Sam taps his jacket. “Okay, got my holy water on me, not sure how well that’ll do putting out a fire. Dean?”
Dean’s brain blanks for a half a second. “No. But I did get new batteries for the old one, so we’re still good there.”
“Thanks,” Dean says, jerking his hands back before Castiel can fully soothe the ache and cold in the muscles of his shoulders and back. “You know where the other shovel is. And
“Ninety-eight point six, good.” Castiel enters that in before putting on his stethoscope. “Arm, please.”
“What?” Dean whispers, his voice the only true sound. Even the nearby highway is muffled by the falling snow.
They finish their beers. Dean gets up and grabs the next round. He comes back with two beers in one hand and a plate of hopefully decent chicken wings in the other. This time, he’s the one who has to sit down way to close, but he knows from experience that switching to farther away would put a hurt dent in Cas’ expression.
Castiel drapes himself across Dean’s back. Bites at Dean’s shoulder. Wraps an arm around Dean’s middle and a hand around his dick. Between the pressure inside him and the vibration buzzing into him, Dean’s lost. All he can do is clutch at the headboard and run at the mouth. How Castiel makes sense of the babbling filth, Dean will never know, but maybe it’s Dean’s body Castiel is listening to.
“Wait, wait wait wait.” Dean grabs his arm, rising half off the couch to make the reach. “Wait. Come back.”
Castiel does everything as he’d said before repeating the process on the other arm. “This time, you can apply pressure.” Dean nods and complies, and Castiel has him taped down quickly. A few passes around each arm with self-adhesive bandages to secure the taped gauze further, and that’s that. “This stays on for an hour,” Castiel tells him, tapping the bandage. “The gauze stays on for at least four hours, even if it’s itchy.”
The first time someone implies that at him, Dean’s response is slow and clueless, because how else is he meant to respond to a cashier gingerly asking him if he’s okay. Dean looks at his groceries (more junk than health food, more meat than vegetables, but nothing obviously dire) and answers, “I’m... hanging in there?”
Cas reaches for the pot, finds it empty, and slowly turns to Dean—and Dean’s steaming coffee—with a look of absolute betrayal. Silently, Dean points his toast at his giant camping thermos sitting on the counter. Cas opens it and looks inside. He looks back up.
Though pressed against the side of a pillow, Castiel’s smile remains. As Dean nears completion, Castiel nears his favorite part of this arrangement.
They get up. Castiel holds Dean steady as the sensation returns to his legs. Castiel picks up his discarded clothing, the towel, and Dean’s cushion, putting all of these away before joining Dean in the bathroom to brush his teeth. They both stubbornly brush until the two-minute timer on Cas’ electric toothbrush goes off, and Dean spends an entertaining amount of those two minutes touching Cas’ naked ass.
“I’m gonna give you a little fashion show,” Dean tells him. “If you’re good, you get to pick which pair I’ll be in when you blow me after.”
Almost certain he’d heard the rumble of a loud car already, Castiel looks out through the peephole in the front door, only to see Dean standing there, pie cradled in one arm, staring at his watch on the other.
Castiel sighs. He looks down at Dean through an impossibly lengthening distance even as his fingers draw Dean up to the edge, the barrier of the coat be damned.
“All right.” Hiding his face against Dean’s nape, Castiel grumbles through a grin Dean can’t see. “Luckily, I’m willing to compromise.”
Dean holds off from rolling his eyes until Castiel can see him do it, but a sad lack of spanking results from it. Castiel orders Dean into the office, but allows Dean to get his cushion from the bedroom. By the time Castiel sets a towel down on his desk chair, Dean’s already in position, kneeling in front of Castiel’s desk with an absolute hard-on.
They talk for a much longer time, enough for Dean to throw the chicken out when he finally gets home. When he texts that piece of information to Cas, he gets back an apology and a smiley face.
Ones with toys, ones with gear. Shorts meant to hold in anal plugs, tiny skimpy things with a cock ring included? A remote control vibrator, snuggled up beneath his balls?
While Dean turns his head this way and that, movement in the mirror pulls his eye enough to twist around in his chair.
an awesome big brother. So when Sam falls head over heels for whatsherface at the animal shelter while adopting a dog, Dean heaves a sigh, cracks open his wallet, and forks over the cash. Sam pays him back, more or less, but Dean’s the one who lives closest to the shelter and his grocery store is the one with the vet-approved treats.
“Almost there,” Castiel promises. Rectal glands are only meant to lubricate the way for feces, but, lacking the need to defecate, Castiel has found a better use for his. When he’s adequately prepared, his sphincter suitably relaxed, he bobs his head in a nod.
With other directors, the casual first name use might mean something, but for Gabriel, who the fuck knows. “You work with him a lot?”
“Very good,” Castiel says, opening the correct file. “Since filling out your RapidPass have you: had sex with a man, taken any drugs by needle not prescribed by your doctor, or engaged in sex work?”
Dean’s mouth works. His brain does not. After too long a moment catching flies, Dean stammers, “That, that doesn’t,
Jake Talley looks to Castiel with the clear indication that Prince Samuel should have been the one to specify this.
Jimmy tries to hide it, of course, but only from everyone else. There’s a lot of strain in it, but Jimmy manages to lean down enough to mash their mouths together, muffling himself and Dean at once. It pulls hard at Dean’s knot, and with an aggrieved grunt, Dean begins to slip loose. First fuck with any omega, it’s difficult to get the longest of locks. Next time, though,
Dean drains water from the mac and adds the cheese. Slaps down a bowl with a fork in front of Cas, then passes him the pepper before the guy can open his mouth.
“Uh-huh,” Hunter replies, swapping the waterskin for the helm. His expression one of clear distaste, he ungloves one hand and reaches around inside the helm. He rubs at the back of his neck. At the sides. Waves at his face, indicating the heat to their onlookers.
“Look,” Dean says, leaning back with a closed off coolness that Castiel can’t remember seeing previously. “I figured from the pronouns on everyone’s badges, you were all okay here-”
“That’s very thoughtful,” Castiel rumbles, as quiet as a distant earthquake. Finally, he cups Dean’s ass cheek with one damp, slightly chilled hand. He rubs his thumb over Dean’s hole. “Did you clean yourself out too?”
Dean hefts Jimmy by the ass, the better to lean forward, to bend Jimmy up enough to make kissing possible. Beneath the faint taste of makeup, there’s only
“So I’ve done all that preemptive grief counseling stuff, right? For my Grandpa Henry. The hospital had a lot of that lined up and Sammy kind of made me go with him, ‘cause that asshole is all ‘sensitive feelings time forever!’ ...Unless it’s his turn, so he dragged me along with him to throw me under the bus.” Dean clears his throat. “Anyway. I did address, I mean, kind of, the whole donating platelets to keep my grandpa going… thing. But. I don’t know. I still want to keep donating? I don’t know what level of sexy we can get up to without me getting booted. How much sex does the Red Cross think is sex?”
“Don’t move,” Dean orders, drawing back, and Castiel’s eyes, his posture, his breathing, is all compliance.
“This is a very new development.” It might be dryly stated, but there’s no confusion in it, no uncertainty or fear of himself, or of Dean. “Now give me the lube.”
With the preparations finished and everyone blocked out, the beta interviewer pulls on a striped referee shirt and announces the rules.
Dean looks at Castiel’s crotch. No visible wet against that dark blue, but the arousal is a sight enough. How many furtive times has Dean tried to size Cas up? Too many. He’d had his chance to look, once, when Cas was half-mad and shrouded in bees, but morals prevailed and left his imagination wanting.
Regardless of Castiel’s social observational skills, his eyes are working perfectly fine. “I am. And I’ll leave you alone now, as the four o’clock donor just came in.”
“All right, fine,” Jimmy pants, pulling his sweat-soaked body off of Dean’s. He pulls, then pushes on Dean’s shoulder, turning him around, pressing him up against the faux-brick wall. He looms over Dean as, by unspoken agreement, Dean fails to get his own legs back under himself.
“I’m trying something new tonight,” Castiel explains, finally loosening his tie. He pulls it over his head.
As Cas leaves to get them, Dean focuses on the pan. On getting the burnt little corner off. On his own breathing.
The hand in Dean’s mouth shifts, three fingers pressing down against Dean’s tongue, Castiel’s thumb and pinkie pressing up against the underside of his jaw. The slow thrust of his fingers down Dean’s throat tilts Dean back farther, tilts him until he has to be falling.
In the slim remaining window before holidays consume the start of winter, Castiel finally takes the dive. On his lunch break, he texts,
Afterward, Dean’s chatty in the chair once more, a lot of smiles, some jokes. Annoyingly, a few mentions about a friend who’s been trying to set him up with people, but Dean does repeat a number of times that he hasn’t been interested in any of them.
“Ah-ah-ah!” is the best Dean can manage to warn before his knot goes and pops, stretching out, plugging up Jimmy’s hole, anchoring them together. Above him, Jimmy’s eyes flutter.
Eyes narrowed in clear confusion, Jimmy again shakes his head. “I told you, you’re jubilant. It’s why I…” He trails off, visibly thinking better of it.
By the time Cas is truly finishing loading the dishwasher, Dean’s heart is beating out of control, but Dean himself is calm.
“Yeah, these are the punishment panties,” Dean confirms. “You gonna spank me this red, sweetheart?” He snaps the waistband against his hip.
. So far, Hannah has been inclined to let Meg get away with it, and Castiel can’t say he particularly minds. If this is what counts for office drama here, he’ll count himself lucky.
“That depends entirely on the person doing the asking,” Castiel answers again, terse about it. He hates to lie, but he absolutely cannot encourage Dean toward this librarian.
Both sides pull back to regroup. To reassess the foes before them. To acknowledge the few scattered alphas throughout the arena choosing to hang back and watch them destroy each other.
Castiel strokes the soft, tawny strands, pausing only when Dean shifts to rest his head atop his folded arms. In a tired, dreamlike fashion, Castiel resumes the petting, and until the pie arrives, he could think Dean asleep.
“Name changes can happen,” Castiel answers simply. Looking at Dean again—same flushed face, body tensed with a chilly undercurrent—Castiel adds, “How is your grandfather doing?”
“Castiel, we are in need of alliances,” King Michael reminds him. “You will join the scenting tour.”
“I see you’re up already,” Queen Mary says. “Sir Castiel, isn’t it? Duke of Rapture? The one that’s been in love with Dean for years.”
“Good boy,” Castiel says and fucks Dean’s mouth, the desk chair squeaking and rattling in a surreal backdrop against Castiel’s groans and Dean’s labored breathing. “Swallow,” he commands, and Dean does, throat working around Castiel’s heat even before there’s come to swallow.
In a rapid transition Castiel has become accustomed to, Dean loosens around him. The limbs holding Castiel turn soft long before the cock inside him does.
This time, Castiel walks directly into the embrace. Their arms wrap around each other, one arm over the other’s shoulder. Their cheeks press together. Dean’s hands clasp behind Castiel’s back and they hold each other tight.
The line only, and not Alistair himself: Alistair hangs back before circling around at a jog. Before breaking into a run.
Dean puts on a smile for the beta’s benefit. “I normally wouldn’t ask, but some of the other alphas really need me smelling like an omega to make this shoot work.” It’s bullshit, considering Benny’s the only one who’ll be fucking him, but the other pieces of shit aparently can’t keep it up if they have to smell alpha-on-alpha.
Putting the bills and the grocery store newsletter to the side, Dean positions the package just right. He moves so he isn’t blocking is own light, and he takes a picture. He texts that to Cas and waits, chewing on his lip.
Knocking his chin against Castiel’s immovable forearm, Dean nods. Castiel presses down, and down, and again Dean suffocates.
“You want me, you chase me,” Hunter says, dropping his visor. He bolts away, running perpendicular to the lines, back toward the stands and the royal box.
The rest of the ride back to familiar territory, Dean keeps his right hand on Castiel’s thigh. Lightly strokes Castiel’s trapped dick. As Castiel turns stiff and silent, Dean checks more than once:
Regardless, there is time for some preliminary setup. When he has a few minutes to check in on Dean, he confirms that Dean’s warm enough with only the one blanket before asking, “Do you ever watch TV? I know you don’t, here.”
“Halfway there,” Castiel promises, circling around to the other side of the bed. “Don’t worry, this will wash off easily at home.”
Another platelet donor needs Tums but thankfully doesn’t come close to vomiting. A few brand new donors need extra time being soothed before being stuck. People keep leaving the canteen too quickly because it’s so small and therefore crowded today. The sounds of Hannah attempting to verbally accost each person as they exit before making their next donation appointment become an additional part of the unrelenting background noise.
As if to refute the surge of pheromones, or deny the jerking roll of his hips, Dean mutters, “You sap.”
As he goes about his job for the next hour, the sensation of being watched never fades. Whenever Castiel turns around, Dean’s staring up at the ceiling, and yet the feeling remains. Increasingly uncertain whether he’s simply being paranoid, Castiel asks Meg to switch breaks with him, and she shoos him away into the back office.
Two weeks later, Castiel handles the intake once more. “You do know you can donate every seven days?” Castiel checks as he walks Dean to the processing room. They each grab their seats.
“If I—just spit-balling here—if I recorded me jerking it and talking about the shit I like about you, would you watch that?”
“Yes,” Castiel answers, lighting up. “Though he’s primarily interested in Megalodons at the moment.”
“He’s matching you again,” Kelly murmurs, nodding to Jack. Presently, the boy is folding paper towels into what he has decided is the “fanciest napkin shape” before putting forks on them. He’s also wearing his church clothes, a white button-down and blue slacks.
nevertheless very loud. He turns away before Dean can attempt to gain the last word, not that this has ever stopped Dean from trying before.
Jimmy makes a tense noise in his throat but nods. He’s back to as stiff and clearly uncomfortable as he was when Dean walked in, but, Dean reminds himself, that’s not something Dean actually has to care about. They’re never going to be working together, not really. Even here, they’ll walk in, get torn apart, and then fucked separately. Probably even filmed separately for the close-ups.
With the sinking feeling of having just torpedoed a friendship, Castiel preps Dean and sticks him with the same kind of detached interaction typical of one-time donors. When he brings over the blanket, Dean actually looks somewhat nervous, so Castiel simply lays it on him and doesn’t tuck him in.
For a little while, Castiel types. Mostly, he doesn’t. His left hand almost always rests against the top of Dean’s head. Strong fingers scratch against his scalp.
. At some point today, someone downright delectable was in here. It’s standard protocol for everyone to get blockered up and coated in synthetic scents before shooting—keeps everyone at a more even keel, cuts down on people feeding off each other dangerously—but dressing rooms often contain a lingering whiff of the real thing. In today’s case, an
Touching Dean’s forehead, Cas sends another healing wave through him anyway. “You know I don’t like seeing you in pain, Dean.”
“Okay,” Cas says, eyes fixed on the problem in the middle distance. “You’re right.” He presses a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Thank you.”
Thrumming with more energy than his dick can contain, excitement bubbling through his arms and hands and fizzling through his head, Dean slices through the package’s deal. He pulls out the three individually wrapped panties and delicately cuts the plastic baggy around each.
Castiel releases Dean from the tie as well. He kisses and massages Dean’s wrists, his fingers, and he pays special attention to one.
“Nobody fucks like you, pal,” Dean mumbles. Though he provides both his hands, he lets Castiel use them, move them, set the rhythm. Maybe he’s too groggy to do otherwise. Maybe he likes holding hands around Castiel’s cock.
“Rape play,” Dean answers in a low voice, and shrugs. “Guess he’s jealous that I’m getting the good knot in my ass.” A casual grab and comfortable squeeze emphasize Dean’s remark. Out of the corner of Dean’s eyes, Jimmy clearly notices that, and the omega’s permanent frown deepens.
Their audience readily complies as Alistair reaches Hunter and strikes. Heavy broadsword to light shield. Sword to plate armor. Gauntlet-clad punches to helmets.
“If you say so,” Kelly answers, doubt and amusement both in her tone. She doesn’t press the issue, however, one of the reasons Castiel prefers her over most.
When this at last stops and the world tilts and pulses in soft slow ways, Castiel brings his cock back to Dean’s lips and says, “Again.”
King Michael nods at him. “Study their traditions. The territory may be small, but it is not unknown for the caliber of its warriors.”
Hours later, groggy and aroused in equal measure, Dean wakes to an odd combination of moaning and laughter, a hot dick in his hand.
“Very true,” Castiel says, clear approval in his voice. Some people donate platelets only the once before going back to blood donations, and Castiel can’t fault them for it. Having a new long-term donor is always a blessing.
Dean stares up at him, far more surprised than the situation warrants. “...Really. Seriously? You’re serious?”
A faint smile takes over Castiel’s lips, small but deeply felt. “If it helps, I don’t take many vacations.”
Laughing, Dean drops into the rhythm of Benny’s exaggerated thrusts with the ease of a longtime lay. “Ride me, cowboy!”
“You’re doing so great, babe,” Dean praises Cas, pressing kisses to the side of his throat. It probably looks funny on camera, maybe even degrading, how much Dean fawns over his seemingly stoic, ever icy omega. Doesn’t matter. Cas is still doing great.
A tortured pause, and then a sigh. “...You’re right. I’d be distracted anyway. Pick me up at eight thirty. I’ll text you my parents’ address. Under no circumstances get out of the car. If they know it’s you, they’ll want you to come in.”
The lone alpha in question walks a wide circle around them, attempting to reach Prince Samuel’s targets. Hunter and Castiel cut her off easily, move together easily. It’s as if their shared scent has given them shared knowledge, a shortcut into absolute coordination, but that’s simply Hunter, adapting to Castiel’s style as naturally as breathing.
Shaking against the unwavering form of this Castiel’s body, Dean can only suck in air through his nose and try not to die of the shame igniting his cheeks, his scalp, his everything. Of the gut-punching arousal from having his legs forced to part around Castiel’s thighs, of having that point of contact be the one thing that keeps Dean from tipping back onto the concrete. There’s a dead man on the floor, and it doesn’t even matter. Once a door slams, hiding Sam away into the outside world, nothing matters.
A hard shove hits Castiel from behind, rocking him into the spearman, but Castiel goes down on top and lets gravity do its work. Climbing back to his feet is far more strenuous than it has any right to be. This hardly stops him.
“If you don’t like it, that’s me judging wrong,” Dean says, speaking over the churning of his stomach. He forces himself to add, “You can come up with a backup reward?” Not that Dean will want it, if he’s judged wrong, but Cas doesn’t need to know that.
“No,” Castiel says, budging over to make room for Dean on the couch. “I thought we should have a serious talk about our relationship.”
“Of course. Nothing I’m ‘grumpy’ about is more important than you.” As if he hasn’t just punched Dean in the heart, Castiel continues, “My main concern is growing apart should your romantic endeavors succeed, like how Sam is more distant now he has Eileen.”
Because Dean has excellent control of his facial muscles and can do a full range of human emotions, Dean nods back in approval, still with that customer service smile. “Yep.”
“The other pair,” Castiel says, a little nonsensically. “The leg holes are closer, those, I could. Teabag?”
Stretching his back with a groan, Dean evidently agrees. “Okay, we should be able to get the doors open and the wheels rolling. How’s it over there?”
“Third, that all combatants will conduct themselves with the dignity and honor befitting the future mate of our fair prince!”
“Are we into each other? One-sided courting? If I’m getting the cucked and fucked treatment, I should at least be into you.”
subs, after all. For what might be the first time, Dean’s mouth waters at the idea of switching those roles. It’s been so good to finally relax and let Castiel take charge, but tonight, there’s too much energy, too much excitement to relax.
“I’m not just asking,” Dean explains. “I mean, yeah, I’m asking, asking is kinda the thing, but it’s only a part of it. It’s like, I want… I
Dean twists around, turning his bare back to Cas where he sits. Furtively, Dean pulls one of the arms of the trench coat around his back, hiding at least the crack of his ass. With his other hand, he reaches for his clothes. He has to scoot his bare ass across the rough, dirty floor, but he manages it, grunting.
Rolling his eyes, Dean drags the door closed. “Cas, you fix him up yet? I need a hand shoveling all this bullshit. We wait any longer, driving south won’t get us ahead of the storm.”
“It’s seriously impossible to tell,” Dean admits, his arm nevertheless around Cas’ shoulders. “It’s fine, though.
Recognition peers only tentatively through Captain Talley’s eyes until Ava beside him taps his shoulder and murmurs. “King Michael of Rapture’s squire, cousin, and commander.”
Hunkered down in as many blankets as the motel would provide them, Sam nods, his eyes looking much clearer. “Yeah, I feel it,” Sam agrees. “Thanks. Nothing like getting snowed into a motel with a cold.”
They stare at each other, never talking despite running into each other aisle after aisle down the store. Dean’s gaydar is just good enough to recognize that he has the man’s interest, but also crap enough not to know
“In!” Dean shouts, sliding in on a kneel, sliding home in his mate. Getting in takes a harder push than usual, but Cas rocks up into it, legs splayed around Dean’s hips.
, Dean tries to shoot back, coughing and drooling against a hand that could crush his skull. His Cas, the real Cas, that Cas would never do this. A Cas who wouldn’t understand this or, worse, would pity him for it. A kind, awkward sympathy, bestowed in a platonic squeeze of the shoulder, not of his face or neck or dick.
Again frowning, Castiel tilts his head. “This is why I led with your importance and permanence in my life.”
“Yes,” Cas says, face still against Dean’s shoulder. He holds on, leans on Dean, as if Dean’s the only thing keeping him up.
Dean laughs again and grins up at Castiel. Joy fits his face wonderfully. “Damn, and here I was thinking we should go out for drinks,” Dean jokes, “Friday night and all.”
Everyone starts to shift around as the forty minute mark draws near. It has to be near. Dean and Cas carefully roll back over, a practiced maneuver from home, but cursing comes from behind them.
“If you can’t afford to support your cats anymore, there are people who can help,” the guy begins. “There’s no shame in-”
I want, wanting is a good thing, and asking is a good thing, and there’s… Okay, I’m kinda dizzy. But I’m-”
Castiel considers this. “Many species of birds engage in homosexual activities, and they’re meant to be the most direct descendants. So yes, I’d assume there were lots of gay dinosaurs.”
With one outstretched hand still binding Dean to the ground, the Castiel facsimile slows to a stop. The glow in his eyes fades enough not to blind. Even so, those eyes remain the brightest two spots in the building.
Cas’ eyes visibly darken. “You will be,” Cas promises, his voice taking a quick plunge down an elevator shaft. “Anything else?”
Castiel gives a tug on the tie, jerking Dean tighter against his clothed erection. The tension around his neck is just shy of enough.
Dean gets himself close. Eases himself back. Wipes his hand on his discarded boxer briefs before straightening out the panties once more. Keeps leaking precome on his abandoned t-shirt. Sticks his fingers in his mouth, because imagining a dick in these makes him need to suck one.
Castiel smiles and squeezes Dean’s upper arm with a gloved hand. Even though the layer of his t-shirt, Dean’s arm is palpably cool. “What you’re doing here matters,” Castiel says, and makes a mental note to put a blanket on Dean unprompted if he came again.
Sighing, Castiel slips one warm hand beneath his blanketing coat. He idly thumbs at Dean’s nipple before pinching it. Gently, at first. But harder. And harder.
, Dean mouths, cocking his head and shifting his weight just enough that he has to look up, just a little, at his mate.
A pair of cursory checks occur at the ten and twenty minute marks. Twenty minutes isn’t much to write home about, but thirty begins to call on endurance.
At one of the walls of this vast yet crowded waiting room, there stands a cluster of alphas in distinctively Winchester-style gear. It’s by far one of the largest groups assembled, obviously due to combatants already knowing each other.
“You know we put our phones away when we’re not on breaks,” Castiel reminds Dean. “You could have called Hannah if it was urgent.”
Speaking of pigeonholed acts, the mated pair making their entrance is one Dean knows best by reputation: lookalikes Michael and Adam Spearman are big names in the twincest market despite being unrelated and at least a decade apart in age. Possibly more. In a more PG alternate universe, Michael Spearman is that guy in Disney channel movies who’s played a passable twenty-something for the past twenty years. Scent bonding during filming has tanked more than its fair share of careers, but it’s launched these two into the stratosphere, especially now that Adam’s adopted Michael’s surname.
Beyond the bend of the curtain, just barely visible, is the back of King John’s throne, and the empty seat for Prince Samuel.
Their eyes lock as, skin-to-skin, a wave of realization pulses through their bodies. Their noses were fooled, but skin? Skin
“You’re jubilant.” Already directed away from Dean, Jimmy’s voice grows increasingly harder to hear. “You clearly love what you do, and I’ve never seen another alpha embody that from the receiving end.”
His hand tight around the back of Dean’s head, Castiel draws Dean forward. Stoppers Dean’s throat completely.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms, pleasantly surprised. Considering that he’s been willing to indulge his favorite past partners in the bedroom, he has a few ex’s under the misconception he’s simply a frigid pansexual. Being recognized first as an asexual is an unexpected balm to his mood.
“Baby, no, I’ll do it right this time,” Dean swears, playing up the strain in his throat. “I swear I wasn’t trying to flirt with him, I’m your slut, just yours-”
After all, with nearly five years of his facade, this lie of love is public knowledge. As his party departs, there are songs and cheering, all centered upon one refrain:
King Michael gazes into the middle distance, consulting himself. At last, he nods. “There would indeed be no use in sending you upon the scenting tour.”
The bonds on his wrists tether him in place when momentum seeks to send him flying. His shoulders ache at the tug.
At that, both Balthazar and Hannah emerge from the crowd. Hannah falls into step behind Castiel, but Balthazar grins himself forward, his arm slinging companionably around Castiel’s shoulders. The chain mail protecting his underarm scrapes against the back of Castiel’s helmet. Castiel responds with an arm around Balthazar’s waist, primarily to check that Balthazar also brought water.
“Don’t we all,” Castiel says dryly. Meg is a bisexual, but the same theory applies. “All right, ready to be hooked up?”
Back in his suit, Castiel kneels down next to him, seeking out Dean’s eyes as they open. Dean’s tongue unsticks from the roof of his mouth. He swallows as Castiel drapes his trench coat back over Dean.
“Am I moving too fast?” Castiel checks. “We’ve known each other for a year and seen each other roughly twenty times. I feel like we’re past the usual ‘getting to know you’ small talk.”
Castiel doesn’t know what to do with that information. It’s unnecessary, and there’s nowhere to log it. Professionally speaking, it’s entirely unimportant.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, standing at the entrance, jacket wet from the cold drizzling rain, breathing hard from the apparent race from his car. The moment Castiel turns around, Dean’s eyes snap to Castiel’s face.
Slow enough not to startle or leave Dean ungrounded, Castiel relinquishes his grip on Dean’s hair. Telegraphing his movements by shifting his weight first, Castiel steps back.
Fuck, okay. Adam’s young enough that he might have another orgasm left in him to tighten things up. Cas, not so much.
“One second.” Kelly dumps the drained potatoes into a fresh pot. “This one isn’t hot.” She passes the fresh pot to Jack, the used pot to Castiel.
Above him, having done nothing more than loosened his belt and unzipped his fly, Castiel fucks him to pieces, fully clothed.
“Yes, Master,” Dean promises, turning over in an instant. He presents his ass, and Jimmy slaps it in almost the same motion.
Loud and long and jubilant, absolutely drunk on exhaustion, Dean laughs, throwing an arm over Castiel’s shoulders.
Once more, Dean’s breathing steadies out. Listening to the progression, Castiel cleans them both off with a thought, with a squeeze of his hand around Dean’s.
Even when Castiel hardens further in his throat. Thickens between his stretched lips. Pulses hot against his tongue.
The countdown begins, only to immediately fade into sparks of white pain as Cas’ teeth chomp down on Dean’s shoulder. Dean bellows hard and loud, and when he can see again, Cas’ legs have dropped down to frame Dean’s waist.
They grab each other on the forearm, bare hands skimming down shirtsleeves, slipping over wrists, and finally clasping together, palm against palm.
Dean spends the next eight glorious seconds rutting against Castiel’s foot, and then he takes a very cold shower. He spends the rest of the night popping boners like a teenager who just discovered HBO, only for Castiel to insist on being a little spoon come bedtime.
Still visibly amused with himself, Dean winks as he slides his lips down the rod. He pulls off slowly at the beep.
Sitting tall on Dean’s cock, anchored by Dean’s knot, Jimmy rises as high as he still can, letting loose a territorial growl for the ages.
Working himself hard, Castiel slaps the laptop shut, rises up onto his knees, and claps one hand onto Dean’s bare shoulder. The other hand pumps faster and faster until, with a low groan and slitted eyes, Castiel comes all over Dean’s stomach and thighs, over Dean’s cock and panties.
Aching everywhere—throat, lips, shoulders, wrists, thighs, knees, dick, heart—Dean sucks him. Kisses him. Begs him with the tiny motions still left to him.
Faintly, Castiel smiles. He stops pinching and instead traces the abused skin with a fingertip. He lost his jacket somewhere, ditto the tie, and this is somehow still more perverse than his unrealistically massive cock.
“I’m not his father,” Cas says, which wow, good thing Jack doesn’t have object permanence yet. Or word skills.
A chainmail coif over the head and neck is good protection against a slash. A mail coif can even be reasonable protection against a stab, should the hood be made of strong enough rings.
“Right, yeah. Benny, you stay with Sam, I’ll keep Cas. And, Benny, seriously, if you take out Sammy before I get a crack at him, I’m coming at you next.”
“The, uh.” He can say it. “The good boy challenge. But not like a number of ways I’ve been good, you gotta decide on quality.”
Knee-walking, Castiel straddles Dean, kissing demands against his neck and mouth, gripping Dean’s wrists behind Dean’s back. Castiel wraps Dean up in his whole body, their jackets open, Castiel’s buttons rubbing into Dean’s t-shirt.
Castiel nods. “You haven’t been an ass for a few years. I am starting to get nervous about this conversation, however.”
Castiel looks down at the aching mess he’s left and smiles. He slips out of his trench coat and carefully, gently, lays it over Dean.
“You want me all to yourself?” Alistair asks, still with that smile. The other alphas gathered around him look on in confusion. One makes coarse reference to army mates, but Alistair doesn’t acknowledge the slight.
Rolling his eyes, Dean turns on his phone and shoves it in Castiel’s face. Above several outbound texts to Castiel to
The clash itself lasts for barely a fraction of the time they’d spent posturing, as battles always do. The injured peel off or fall, and those who fall turn the terrain difficult. An alpha who can no longer fight can still always trip another.
Sighing, Castiel pulls back in incremental amounts. First his lips. Then the tip of his nose circling Dean’s. Away and away, until the only piece of Castiel still touching Dean is the coat.
Even up close, it’s hard to tell which one is which. The make-up team does such a good job heightening their already uncanny similarities, the only giveaway is their scents: Michael’s the alpha. Typically, playing up designations for the camera makes it readily apparent who’s what, but Michael and Adam have synchronized past the point of distinction.
“Huh,” says Dean, but he looks oddly delighted at the thought. “Yeah, that makes sense. Hilarious to picture though.”
Jimmy slaps him again. Though there’s cruelty in his mouth, there’s only concern in his eyes. “Tell the nice alpha how much you like my cock,” he orders, a clear out if Dean wants to refuse.
Seated beside Dean on a cushion like the prissy little ass he is, Cas deadpans, “Hunter is hilarious.”
Once more, Castiel carefully tucks Dean in. “There. The next donor appointment isn’t for half an hour, so I can get a book from the reception area if you also need a bedtime story,” Castiel deadpans.
Castiel passes him Hannah’s waterskin, and Hunter drinks gratefully, lifting his visor. Tugging off one of his gauntlets, he pours water into his palm and wipes at his face. The dust smudges and drips as Hunter passes the waterskin back. Castiel drinks as well, savoring it, the lukewarm water divine to a parched throat. He wipes his mouth and casts the waterskin aside.
Rubbing his cheek against Castiel’s shoulder, Dean grinds his hips against the back of Castiel’s thigh. Dean worms his free hand beneath Castiel’s stomach and hugs him tight. “Mm,” Dean says, a syllable drunk with meanings.
“What’d you do, Elsa? Make a skating rink?” Dean asks, still fishing around with one foot for a safe spot to stand.
“Maybe you did,” Dean agrees. “Okay, my turn. You’re a phlebotomist, not a doctor, dammit. I have no idea if you have any siblings and no clue what you listen to.”
Later that night, sleeping at his own home, Castiel’s chest and arms ache from the strain of not holding him. His face wants to be tucked against those shoulders. His back wants Dean’s palms and splayed fingers. His eyes want to see Dean’s looking back at them, alight with amusement. He thinks for some time about the comfort of kissing, and the intimacy of sharing breath.
That’s the appeal for production, too. Three couples mean a main, master video, and three exclusives. If anyone watching the main video wants more of a couple—specifically, the single, unbroken shot lasting for upwards of an hour—then they’ll have to buy that separately.
Castiel nods once more. “I like you very much,” he says, because that seems like a good thing to say.
“Thank you,” Cas says, and it’s gotta be the crushing fatigue that makes him look like he’s about to cry.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispers into him, the glow blazing hot between his teeth. Castiel slips it inside of him, easy as dying, and everything breaks apart.
Walking out without a shirt on, ass on full display, might make that order more difficult, but that’s half the fun.
Smiling, Castiel picks up his plate and turns the TV back on as if nothing world shattering just happened. He simply leans against Dean’s shoulder with a contented hum, and settles in for the rest of his life.
Cas doesn’t just shoot him a look, Cas shoots him with that look. “Dean, there is literally no prize for winning. We’re all getting paid our negotiated amounts, regardless of outcome.”
After a frankly absurd amount of time, they get Jack up to the front. Jack plunks himself down on Santa’s knee with no hesitation before cupping his hands and whispering something into the bearded gentleman’s ear. All goes as normal for about thirty seconds.
“Alphas, you will have just five minutes to lock inside your omega,” she begins, only for Cas to let out the low warning grumble of a growl, resonating deep down where omegas can’t typically reach. The ref grins at the improv and adds, “And omega, you will have five minutes to lock your alpha inside you.”
With a hand pressed tight against his chest and a cock hardening against the cheek of his ass, Castiel beams. Dean begins to kiss his nape, or perhaps simple nuzzle Castiel’s neck, lips-first. Gradually, Dean escalates from pressing his cock to skin, to undulating his crotch forward. The gap between Castiel’s back and Dean’s chest and stomach, this space opens and closes. Warm, clammy skin grows hotter, sweatier. Dean’s hand slides lower, down to Castiel’s stomach, the better to hold Castiel in place.
“Got it!” Dean answers. Looking up at Jimmy, he has no problem getting back into character. Begging to be fucked, pleading to be owned. It riles Jimmy right back up, to an almost hilarious degree. To be fair to the omega, Dean’s also talking himself back up to a fever pitch, humping up against Jimmy’s ass even as he starts to deflate. His knot might be tiring out, but they’ve been knotted long enough that his prostate should be up for it.
The morning of Dean’s appointment, Castiel confirms with Hannah that Dean is still coming in. Meg attempts to tease him about this, but Castiel stands his ground, possibly more defensive than is strictly called for.
Eyes on Dean’s wrist, Cas nods slowly. Something in his posture continues to hover, however, a thought that can’t sit down.
“Oh, hey,” he makes himself say before Cas can bury himself back into the office, or maybe crash onto the couch for a change.
After Dean cleans off the board and tops off Castiel’s glass with the last of Monday’s wine, Dean brushes his teeth, rinses with mouth wash, and comes back to tuck himself wholly under the table. Castiel spreads his legs but leaves the belt and fly for Dean to enjoy. Cushion in place under the table, one earbud in and one of his car talk podcasts loaded up on his phone, Dean holds off on pressing play until after he’s got Castiel’s dick in his mouth, until after he can enjoy Castiel’s reaction to unexpectedly cool mintiness.
“Holy shit, they almost match,” Dean says, grabbing Castiel’s hand to compare. Dean’s has a single, larger stone set into the band, but the silver is the same shade, and while Castiel’s band has two lines etched into the metal, framing the trio of stones, Dean’s ring has a single line, interrupted only by the single diamond. “How did we do that?”
Finally, Dean gives up. His shuddering muscles go limp, or try to. He lets himself fall, and doesn’t.
The man relaxes into the chair, somehow managing to lounge on the inadequate surface. His smile is easy and casual; not people-pleasing, but openly amused at being asked this by the same person who had just called him in by name. Or maybe it’s the sight of Castiel’s dinosaur scrubs beneath his white coat, picked out for him by his godson. Whatever the reason, the man smiles while he says, “Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth.”
If Dean had canceled the appointment after his birthday due to “birthday sex,” then the affair had continued for the majority of a month afterward. Or it had been at least two flings.
Smiling faintly, Castiel rubs his thumb against Dean’s palm. The intimacy of it reassures, especially the faint tremble traveling down Dean’s arm. “When you walk me back to my car.”
With a firm and booming voice, the king announces, “On this day, we have at last found an alpha worthy of my son, your prince.”
“That’s it. Thaaaat’s it,” Dean tells Jack, rocking him back and forth until the cries settle into more of grumbling hiccups.
“Cas,” Hunter cuts him off. “Trust me. I’ve looked at all the angles, and winning this is my only path.”
A big thank you to Vyc and ltleflrt, as always, who XD at the eternal story ideal generator that is my brain and help poke the stories into prettiness.
“My king, my lords, and your esteemed guests!” a man in Winchester colors announces from beside the royal box. “Listen all and listen well, for the melee for the fair prince’s hand is soon to commence!”
He tromps over, scoops the kid up, and puts on the happy fucking face he’s been pulling around Cas for months now until the kid is all giggles and rainbows again. Whether he recognizes Dean from any of his previous visits is up in the air, but he doesn’t freak out from stranger danger, so it could be a lot worse.
As Dean’s next appointment falls the day after his birthday, Castiel does the logical thing and purchases a cupcake from the grocery store. He brings it in, keeping it inside his lunchbox until his break, and then he transfers it to the mini-fridge in the canteen. A neon green post-it on it reads,
Dean takes his time coming back, but he does come back. He sits heavily. On the coffee table, their burgers cool. The TV dims, Netflix tired of waiting for them.
The horn sounds, and Castiel redoubles his focus. He has less ease of motion with Ava behind him instead of Hannah or Balthazar. Less trust. More strain.
The somewhat robotic way Dean takes it into his mouth is proof enough even for Castiel that he’s offended Dean. The typical playfulness is gone, and Castiel isn’t at all surprised to subsequently find Dean’s pulse is elevated above even his usual high.
The odds of Alistair approaching during the first round are slim. He’d want more of the arena’s attention. Perhaps Alistair really is here to seek the prince’s hand for an alliance, but only a fool would ignore the blow to Rapture’s morale, should Lucifer’s alpha prevail where Castiel does not. Especially should they clash directly.
“In a minute,” Castiel says, and they kiss and keep kissing. They nearly tumble onto the floor, but Dean breaks position to catch them both. With deep, aroused chuckles, Castiel rights himself with his arms around Dean’s shoulders. “Does my good boy want me to stay on his lap?”
“Hello,” Cas answers, sliding in and closing the door firmly behind him. His eyes remain only briefly on Dean’s face. They linger much lower. “Are you…”
With stiff shoulders, Castiel responds with an uncomfortable shrug. He’s opened up this box by only ruling out anal, and he knows it.
With this as well, Dean refuses to agree. Even when their relationship takes a turn towards the physical, Dean objects to any nocturnal vigils on Castiel’s part.
“Okay!” Despite being forever told not to, Jack jumps off the step stool, only to be immediately caught by his mother.
Glowering down into Dean’s eyes, digging his fingertips into Dean’s flushed cheek, Castiel growls, “Did I tell you to use your mouth for
“And I’ve been thinking about it a lot. Graduating soon, it’s put a lot of stuff into context. Like, yeah, I knew a lot of the shit already, but the networking’s been huge. Getting the right terms, figuring out how to explain stuff or ask for stuff, that’s been the most important across the board. So, yeah, it’s corny as shit, but even though you never had me in a single class, you’re still hands down my best teacher, ‘cause you’ve been working with me on that since day one.
“Yeah, uh…” Dean carefully pulls back on his flannel, then his jacket, before standing. “About that drink, though.”
The shifting sheets foretell Dean’s next motion. Dean’s bare leg hooks over Castiel’s. Dean pulls with arm and leg both, and Castiel grins at the grumble pressed into his nape. They end up more or less in the middle of the bed. Dean’s t-shirt rucks up between his stomach and Castiel’s back, but the blatantly abandoned pajama pants—and boxers ostensibly hidden within—are in no position to divide them.
“I don’t think I’d like wearing a plug,” Cas continues guessing. “I definitely don’t want an extender—I don’t see any point being inside you if I can’t feel you. I’d rather we get a dildo if you want something huge.”
“Good boy,” Dean says, and for all it feels strange on his lips, it must land wonderfully on Castiel’s ears.
It’s a bit more bluster than Dean typically gets to act, swearing that nothing’s gonna happen and he’ll obviously protect his date if anything did. Jimmy rolls his eyes so sarcastically, his entire upper torso gets in on the act, and Gabriel has them stop and do it again to better center the shot on Jimmy’s reaction.
Castiel sighs and turns back to his laptop. He opens up Dean’s file. “Since filling out your RapidPass, have you: taken any drugs by needle not prescribed by your doctor, had sex with a man, or engaged in sex work?”
“Good boy,” Castiel says, and kisses him. Castiel pauses to drink as well, quick about it, messy about it, droplets running out of his mouth and wetting his shirt, already damp with sweat. Finally, Castiel ditches the shirt, but not before using it to wipe more sweat off Dean’s forehead and his own.
“Stop me if this gets too weird—hell, it’s already gotten weird—but are you good with masturbating and stuff? ‘Cause, gotta say, I’m something of a fan myself.”
“Sir Castiel Novak-Shurley, Duke of Rapture, Commander of the Northern Army!” King John announces into the cheering arena. “And soon: my son-in-law!
Eventually, Castiel sinks down all the way to the parking lot pavement. He gets up and repeats his slow but effective work on the next bit of the mound. Slush spreads out, gradually refreezing, but it should lower the bumps of snow enough to let the Impala drive over them.
“I had a to-go sandwich on the bus,” Castiel answers, a sliver of fondness slipping through his heat. “Any other reasons?”
Wood and metal strike Castiel above the right ear, and it would be vanity to say Castiel lets himself fall.
Without another word, Cas trudges upstairs. Dean looks around, locates a binky on the floor, washes it off in the sink, and sticks it into Jack’s face the second the kid makes grabby hands at it.
“Should I ask?” Castiel says in a quiet tone, removing the second tube and pressing the gauze into Dean’s arm. “Hold this please.”
Castiel, face flushed, pants unzipped and softening cock hanging out, Cas thumbs some escaping jizz back into Dean’s mouth. Tastes gross, even with the lingering mint, but even with post orgasmic lethargy lingering at their corners, Castiel’s eyes light up so brightly when Dean allows it.
Much to Dean’s distraction, Jimmy actually grips the back of Dean’s shirt in both his hands. No fucking reason for Dean to get shivers over that, none at all, but he
True to his word, Castiel returns shortly and carefully lays the blanket over Dean’s legs and chest, avoiding the tubing and the wires to Dean’s earbuds. “Any better?”
When Castiel reemerges, Meg is standing at the short dividing wall behind Hannah’s computer at the reception desk. Meg looks over at Castiel with an oddly serious expression. “Hannah meant to tell you something earlier today,” Meg calls over.
Friday is a tired and horny affair, which is how it stops from being a completely anxious one. Dean’s done with classes by noon, joins Cas for their regular lunch, and heads back to the garage to wrap up his day. He’s jumpy, practically twitchy, and his staff notices pretty easily.
“I was stunned by a head wound, Your Majesty,” Castiel replies, eyes lowered. He shows her the helm, and the dent.
maybe soon they’ll make that leap. All skin and only skin, and Dean comes hard as layers of fantasies condense into the tight reality of what they’ve already made possible.
Shrugging, Dean gets some bread and joins in, only to end up back on the floor and being fed by hand.
“Castiel, when you said ‘another man,’ did you mean it like ‘Dean and an additional man’ or did you mean ‘Dean and another man than me?’”
They eat the wings. When Dean complains about lack of napkins, Cas lays one hand over Dean’s forearm, and his sticky fingers turn clean. Cas just looks back at him with that half-hidden smile, and Dean shoves his shoulder against Cas’.
Castiel is on him, yet not. Not Castiel’s hips, but his torso steadfast between Dean’s legs. His hands squeezing, caressing, not back or shoulders, but Dean’s hips and calves and thighs.
Dean puts his plate back on the coffee table. If he tries to pick up his burger, he’s just going to squeeze through it from sheer what the fuck.
“No, for you,” Dean explains, feeling a smile flickering at the edges of his nerves. “For you to wear. If you want. I mean, you don’t have to, but if you did, it would be- I’d really-” Dean cuts himself off. “It’d be cool,” he finishes lamely.
“That’s not something you can promise.” There’s no bitterness in Castiel’s words, only caution. “It’s something I want you to keep in mind, but I don’t want to stand in the way of your happiness.”
Dean reminds Cas about that, about how there’s a beta in the ring with them perfectly willing to grab Dean from behind and take a look at his knot, and, god, the growls in this omega. If Cas hadn’t been back on the bottom, Dean has no doubt his mate would have shoved him down hard onto the mat. Muscles twitching, limbs threatening to tremble, Dean wouldn’t have been able to put up a fight about it, either.
“If you don’t win, or if the king refuses the match, you don’t have to stay here and waste your talents,” Castiel tells him. “Rapture would welcome you with open arms. We need more fighters like you, Hunter.”
The selfish part of Castiel brings out the blanket and shoves itself past the line, once more tucking the blanket in around Dean’s lower legs and around his torso. His own pulse races in his ears before he risks looking Dean in the eyes.
A heavy hand grips Castiel by the shoulder, a hand still rough from sword and lance despite the pen-soft demands of ruling. “I will look into the matter. We will put you forward for when the time comes.”
“Yeah,” Hunter says, but his wistful tone turns the word into regretful rejection. “We would. But I can’t just up and leave. That’s not up to me.”
As Jimmy pushes in, deeper, deeper, there’s no hint of getting to the end until Jimmy’s balls swing against his, until Dean’s blazing ass gets cradled by Jimmy’s crotch. No knot to cushion the impact, but no knot to slow them down either.
“Mmph!” Dean agrees, and promptly goes to town. He does it the showy way, the porno way: mouth open too wide to suck properly, exaggerated use of tongue.
Back bowed, head lowered, Castiel trains his eyes on the base of King Michael’s throne. “My king, you know that this, I cannot do.”
Tightening his grip, Cas huffs a warm breath against the side of Dean’s neck. “If I fucked you and didn’t let you come, would that be too mean?”
“Course.” Dean kisses him back hard, already thrumming from the contact after being wound up last night. As he finally heads out the door, he’s absolutely certain: it’s going to be a tough week.
“Can you tell me?” Castiel asks. One hand strokes through Dean’s sweat damp hair. The other rests on his heaving chest. “Why am I hurting you?”
“I…” Jimmy glances up at Hannah, who continues to say nothing. She does give him what might be a significant look. Then, addressing Dean again through the mirror, Jimmy continues, “I thought our styles would make an interesting contrast.”
on Dean’s back as they wait to be filmed making their entrance to an extremely unnecessary boxing ring set. One of the other two couples is already up there, doing a parody of pre-westling match bluster. Dean’s less familiar with this pair than he is with the “reigning champions,” although he’s pretty sure Cas and Inias worked together before. Not omega on omega, though: two target gangbang. Hester, the alpha, might have fucked Cas before bonding with Inias, but there’s little more than basic recognition in Cas’ gaze toward her.
Later, once the doors are closed and the equipment and floor freshly cleaned, Castiel says to Meg, “You can have the cupcake.”
“Get up slowly, then stay in the canteen for fifteen minutes. Water’s on the counter, apple juice is in the mini-fridge, chips and cookies are on the table.”
“Fuck, babe,” Dean swears, still focusing on that massage factor. He’s playing less and less for the camera, and sweating more and more. Slowly coming undone in one prolonged session. That’s the appeal for these videos: couples watching them while tied themselves, or lone alphas gooning it.
Dean turns around slowly, making himself laugh at the absurdity of this little strip tease, but Castiel, he ain’t laughing. As Dean grins, Castiel stares up at him in awe.
“Fuck!” he shouts, scalding ash sizzling against the wet flesh of his palm, searing into the cut. Something fizzes up his arm, inside his blood, and it rumbles its way up inside his brain. There, in startling clarity, Dean’s dream from last night surges to the forefront.
“Down,” Cas orders, and Dean rears up, presses forward, and folds him in half, Cas’ knees shoved up to his own shoulders as his back hits the mat.
Cock slammed up inside of Dean, pulsing with waves of hot come Dean can feel even through the condom, Jimmy rests his cheek on Dean’s shoulder blade and hangs on. Their hips rock together, and Dean clenches down with a rhythm he personally likes. By the sound of it, Jimmy likes it too.
“Yeah, well… I guess we are kinda friends,” Dean grumbles. “If you dropped off the map and no one would tell me why, I’d probably be a bit miffed too.”
This time when Dean goes in to kiss him, he pulls back on Castiel’s hair, the same firm, slow draw Castiel uses so well on him. Careful on the neck, but absolutely controlling. And Dean kisses that throat. Bites that neck. Hums indulgent corrections when Castiel errs on the side of handsy.
Castiel rolls his eyes to the dark sky above, to the black clouds tinted grey by the motel’s yellow exterior lighting. “Give me your hands.”
They turn in time to see Benny go down, and stay down, a few dozen yards away. Prince Samuel continues his duel against the one remaining foe.
King Michael studies Castiel’s face long and hard. Then, with a nod, he snaps his fingers, pointing to Castiel. “The Winchester omega.”
Drawling a threat, Benny grabs Dean by the arm as one of the other alphas does the same for Jimmy, and as the tugs come, Dean and Jimmy have a single, impossibly flawless moment of coordination:
Dean turns on the car lights and Cas heads out to him, his grin clear despite his shadowy, backlit face.
As the melee approaches, so too does Castiel’s thirty-fourth birthday. It comes and goes upon the training ground, the culmination of another year spent in sweat and the rejoicing scream of his muscles transcending his body.
Castiel closes his eyes and smiles up at the red glare of the sky through his eyelids. When the medics come to claim him, he goes willingly. Leans heavily.
Instead, Dean moves his arm back, now clasping his hands amid the V of his thighs. “I’m bi. I’m guessing you’re, what, asexual?”
As achingly as he can, Dean traces the white scarred ring of his bite on Cas’ neck, wetting the circle with the tip of his tongue. Cas starts to tense up in preparation, but ineffectually; taut arms and tight fingers won’t help here.
“This is exactly why I wanted to have this talk,” Castiel says, nodding. “You’re my emergency contact too.”
“Jack’s having a sleepover at a friend’s house tonight,” Kelly reminds him. “Do you want to come over? Have a sleepover with grownup juice?”
Castiel keeps the portrait book close, prizing it for the absolute pride on Jack’s face each time his squire sees it. For though Castiel trusts Jack as much as anyone might responsibly trust a child, he cannot correct the boy. He hasn’t even corrected Hannah, and his one attempt to inform Balthazar had only given rise to more teasing, that of Castiel being in stammering denial. And thus, his secret is entirely his own, unfit to be believed by anyone.
Then, leaning back once more, Dean sighs out a massive exhale. “Okay,” he says, like he’s making some kind of decision. Like perhaps Castiel’s overreaction means Dean will be gone for good in the next thirty seconds.
First groping Dean’s ass with both hands, rubbing the heat in, Jimmy pulls Dean’s ass cheeks apart and starts thrusting his cock up along Dean’s crack. “Show me how good a toy you can be.” With that, Jimmy finally takes himself in hand and pushes the fat head of his cock against Dean’s hole.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean answers, pulling his plaid back on. “Guess I’m a little nervous.” Cheeks lightly flushed, a general fidgeting throughout his body, the signs are obvious when Castiel actually looks for them.
Dean coughs. “Uh, Cas? We’re not… Can’t believe I’m saying this, but you know we’re not dating, right?”
Two weeks of wondering pass, and Castiel comes to no conclusions. What he has is Kelly’s practical course of action, to ask for friendly socialization first, to ask for a date second.
He and Jimmy groan together, moaning on the same pitch, they’re a match, they’re a match, they’re such a fucking
Jimmy actually takes a moment on this one. Hot bastard, coasting through the job with a toned body and one facial expression. Not if Dean has anything to say about it.
Dean sighs and marginally relaxes, arms still wrapped around Castiel’s neck. He tries to ease back, but newer slush instantly proves a false foothold. Castiel catches him again, this time with Dean’s face against his shoulder.
Dean hands it over, plus the condom the stage hand had been smart enough to tape onto the bottle. He crosses his arms against the wall, puts his head down, and widens his stance. When the cap pops but nothing happens, Dean looks over his shoulder. “Oh, you’re- Okay, that’s sweet, but you don’t have to warm it up, I’m good with temperature play.”
At Dean’s next appointment, the processing is easier, Dean’s tone and body language more neutral. The teasing is gone, however, and an increasingly large portion of Castiel demands it back.
His own feet secured to the spot, Castiel catches Dean before he hits the ground. Dean grabs on in return, hands clutching freezing fabric. His face knocks against Castiel’s chest as his feet scrape across the ice.
Castiel glances down and nods to himself, accepting Dean’s condition as his due. With quick, efficient movement, Castiel strips out of his pants and boxers. He sits down and gestures Dean into place, face impassive, cock twitching.
Throwing an arm over his eyes, Dean whimpers. Even his nipples ache, hard to the point where it’s nearly an itch.
Cas nods, very seriously, almost solemnly. “Yes. But I’ve realized that what I want and what I’d get would be very different. I know my own desires better than that now.”
On the fifth strike, all snarl; Hunter included, his as unpracticed as his growl. The sound melts and calms Castiel’s heart even as he meets Alistair’s gaze.
Eyes closed, mouth open and drooling, Dean groans around Castiel’s dick. Groans loud and low enough for a satisfying twitch.
And then that instant is gone, washed away in the renewed cheers and shouts of the crowd. The entire arena calls to their new champion: a triumphant omega with sword raised high.
“Take it,” Castiel urges, touching himself through Dean’s stretched cheek. “Do you feel me, Dean? Do you feel me deep enough?”
Holding Dean palm to palm, Castiel folds his thumbs over the back of Dean’s hands and lets his grace extend. Frozen fingers quickly warm, and Dean hisses as spots of frostbite vanish from existence.
Castiel looks out through the curtain, translucent as it is from the interior, and Hunter has pushed Prince Samuel into solely defensive maneuvers. With growing dread, Castiel looks at the
Castiel glares at Kelly directly before looking back at Jack through the rear view mirror. “What do you think about that?” he asks the boy.
The scent curtain draws back, and the sunlight strikes Castiel’s eyes in full, wounding his brain through his eyes. The box tilts, and King John catches Castiel’s good hand. Raises it high while Queen Mary steadies Castiel through the curtain with a hand at his back.
Hunter rolls his shoulders, getting ready. “Once Sammy knocks him down, I get you. If Sammy falls, we get that alpha. Yeah?”
Castiel says things like “I was patiently waiting” and “I don’t mind having time to think” and “Would you rather I woke you instead of waiting until you’re ready?”
Today, Castiel’s wearing the rainbow dinosaur scrub shirt with the black pants, and he’s gotten more than a few grins from his coworkers.
Playing with the straw of his Shirley Temple, Dean cracks a grin. “I’ll consider myself warned. Okay, fun or not fun: day at the beach?”
“Normally a week of advanced notice means a lot of planning,” Cas tells him, reminds him. “Is the reward that complicated?”
“We’ll talk to our agents first,” Jimmy answers, taking the words right out of Dean’s mouth. “For now, I’d like someone to toss us our bathrobes, and then see we aren’t disturbed in the dressing room.”
Castiel looks him over once more before concluding that Dean’s nervousness isn’t too big a barrier. “Squeeze this, please,” he says, handing Dean a red stress ball. When Dean complies with a very firm grip, Castiel bends over his arm, tapping the inside of Dean’s elbow with his gloved fingers until he finds the vein. Dean’s more than a little tense through the process, particularly when Castiel draws the guiding lines around his vein.
“Me, what about- What about you?” Dean counters. “Seriously, you’ve been a grumpy old man since the day we met and you weren’t even thirty yet. You sure your grump isn’t going to crowd me out?”
Castiel does it again, working the corner of a cube against his rim. He takes it away, uses the pad of his finger again, but each time Dean fractionally warms back up, he gets more of the ice. His folded arms get wet, maybe with drool, maybe with tears, but Dean keeps his ass nice and high, waiting for whatever Castiel wants to give him.
“That’s not what you’re allowed to say.” Castiel leans in close, his hand down below never pausing. He kisses Dean’s cheek, pressing his lips above his own fingers. “Try again. Do you know why I’m hurting you, Dean?”
“So what’s it to be, alphas?” Balthazar asks. He punctuates the greeting with two taps of the gauntlet against Castiel’s shoulder. “Establish a line, form a circle? Backstab everyone once the horn sounds?”
Eyes wide, Dean slowly nods. He swallows. He coughs. He grabs his beer and, remarkably, does not run. “Okay, uh. Okay. Shoot.”
They have to let go when their burgers arrive, transitioning instead to swapping fries for onion rings and trading bites of each other’s burgers. Dean starts off shy about drinking his Shirley Temple for some reason, but he relaxes more the longer they talk.
“The last time Jack slept,” Cas tells the plastic tablecloth. It, like everything else in Cas’ small home, has been made as washable as possible, very quickly.
“You can,” Castiel agrees, turning him over. He slots up behind Dean. He takes both of Dean’s wrists in one hand and folds their arms over Dean’s chest.
Gabriel claps his hands twice, loudly. “All right, now that everyone’s here, let’s go through the basic blocking.” He points them where to go, where to stop, and where to expect the cameras. Benny will be fucking Dean up against this wall here, and Jimmy will be on the ground, spit-roasted there.
Just before Dean’s out the door, he hears another noise out of Jimmy and turns back… only to see Jimmy clearly ignoring him. Dean shrugs and leaves.
The blue blaze in Castiel’s eyes and the tightening grip of his outstretched hand are explanation enough.
King John again gestures for silence, and gets it. “On this day, we have a champion chosen both through battle and my son’s own preference.”
Castiel trains all the same. Harder. Fiercer. Each day that passes with young Jack tending to his armor is another day Castiel learns yet more atrocities the boy has witnessed from his father. When Castiel is sent back once more upon the field, he will justify his current absence a hundredfold.
Still unsure, Castiel rises before the back of his shirt can freeze to the ground. Maintaining his balance by his will and grace, he walks around to the front of the car, noting how the melted snow has frozen. They might have to push the car free in neutral, but it’s essentially finished.
Six months of furtive attacks and double-crossing spies follow, capped by eight months of wariness on two borders. Castiel’s main contact crosses too far, and he learns only a month after the fact that Crowley has been slain.
Wider and wider, Dean’s jaw strains. Tighter and tighter, his throat struggles. And hotter, so much hotter, his body immolates with want. Tears drain from his eyes freely. Drool falls from his stretched lips. There’s no air, none, but above him, Castiel’s eyes burn and it no longer matters.
as to whether he’s taken illicit drugs, slept with men, or engaged in sex work since filling out his RapidPass.
On set, Dean stays clear of the other alphas, the better to keep the false scent on. He and Benny get to catch up with a little hands-on action, though, chewing the fat as Gabriel directs them through their blocking. Dean and Benny—make that, Hunter and Lee—hold position here, then there, staying put while the lighting gets adjusted.
Nodding, Dean takes his time. Arranges the pillows and gets himself comfortable against the headboard, reclined just right.
“Is that him?” Jack asks, pointing at Castiel’s phone background. “That’s Dean? When do I get to meet Dean?”
Jimmy doesn’t come out to do his side of things, though. Dean’s heard the guy was a bit of a diva like that, but it’s one thing to hear and another thing to see.
With Balthazar’s referee soon to move closer, Castiel scans the arena: the larger groups, the pairs paused mid-duel. The distances between them all. Alistair closer but still with foes between them. But most pressing of all, the referee, and Gordon ready to expose Hunter as an illicit competitor and a bastard.
They pillow fight the boy awake, receive mortal wounds from thrown stuffed animals, and take the victorious child out for banana chocolate chip pancakes at the local diner. Sticky and comatose from the excess sugar, Jack wobbles after them back into Kelly’s car, looking for all the world like he’s a toddler once more.
With shallow, nudging thrusts, Castiel works himself deeper, deeper, too deep. Dream again presses up against reality in a terrifying friction of the impossible.
” Jimmy commands. “Don’t you dare believe I won’t pull myself off this knot to make him attack you.”
The alpha crumples as the third horn blast rings out, and both Castiel and Hannah hold position, at once motionless and posed for the next wave of attack.
“Uh… Let’s see…” Noises of movement are followed by that of cabinets opening and closing. “If you can get a rotisserie chicken on the way over, I can make cornbread and mashed potatoes.”
And Dean can’t say any of that, because what kind of asshole gets that petty over a battered dead woman? The kind of asshole Cas would be
Summer gives way to fall, and Kelly needs less help with Jack now that he’s back in school and once more synced up with her job. It means fewer “sleepovers” with Jack, but Jack has taken up borrowing Kelly’s phone in the morning to show Castiel his daily outfits, and he always expects a response with Castiel’s best matching scrubs.
Once more out of his button-down, Dean climbs on up and settles in, his cheeks a little brighter than before.
“You’re not allowed to fall, Dean,” Castiel chastens him like this is something Dean’s supposed to know. “But if you think you belong on the floor, then that’s where I’ll have to put you.”
Wrapping an arm around Jimmy’s shoulders and glowing inside at how Jimmy curls back into him, Dean says, “Y’know, real spontaneous mating videos go for a lot…”
If anything, the real sex starts now. Judging by the sounds of it, there’s some knotplay going on. Keep that slow enough, and it can add a lot of time; that’s in their cards for later.
Well after Castiel has accepted that he’ll get no answer, Hunter says, “Let’s just say he doesn’t take rejection well.”
“Yeah, I don’t envy you.” Dean holds the gauze in place on his other arm without being told. Biting his lip, Dean adds, “Seriously, if you did want a night off to relax, we could go out for burgers or something, my treat.”
It’s all distracting enough that once again, Dean’s wandered back down the pet aisle out of sheer habit. He does stop himself mid-reach for the cat biscuits at least.
The woman looks at him sharply, and the taller of the tykes lets out a loud “Oooooh!”, the kind that always proceeded a sing-song “you’re in trou-ble!” in school.
“Are you wet for me?” Castiel asks, as if checking some piece of routine maintenance. Cocking his head, Castiel inspects Dean, pulling Dean’s head back once more when Dean instinctively tries to hunch forward and hide.
Perhaps as a result of the thrill of battle, Castiel’s sensitive nose catches even stronger hints of Hunter’s token from Prince Dean. It’s a steadying, calming scent, and Castiel remains close for utilitarian reasons. His racing heart slows. Exhaustion fades, painted over by that strange brush.
“Oh goddamn fucking shit.” He drags his palm back from the concrete floor but it’s too late, it’s in him, it’s in him and forcing its way out. The air around him thickens with potential as the burnt stench dissipates. Something is coming, and Dean knows exactly what.
Finally, unable to take more than ten minutes of this agony, he double checks the date with his knowledge of Cas’ schedule. Cas isn’t working right now. Maybe having takeout right now, or taking the bus home right now, but by all rights, Cas should be able to respond.
“What, do you want to?” Dean asks, his heart abruptly galloping. “Cause if you want a wingman or, or something...”
Dean shuffles forward on his knees and wraps his arms around Castiel’s waist. He closes his eyes and focuses on breathing, on taste, on the heady mix of sex musk and lingering shower products. Castiel begins to pet his hair, and then Dean hears the sound of Castiel’s laptop being opened up.
With dessert eaten and another cup of coffee downed for their drives home, Castiel settles the bill and they wander back out into the night. As they walk back to where they’ve left their cars, their hands brush, but only barely, a hesitation somewhat like teasing. Before true hand-holding can occur, they walk long enough to find a largely empty lot. Remaining are only Castiel’s truck, a massive muscle car, and a Honda.
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean promises. “I will. I mean, I won’t. I’m-” Fuck, his dick is harder in his jeans than the linoleum is on his knees.
“It’s a cupcake,” Castiel replies, en route to put his lunchbox away in the back office. “Don’t eat it.”
Dean jolts at the touch over his hole, at the tease of it when Dean knows what’s actually coming next. With a tiny, pleased hum, Castiel slides his hand down Dean’s ass and
As they step outside, Castiel lowers his head to prevent the sunlight from blinding him. The sound hits first, the clamor of a filled arena. Dust rises up to their ankles, the dry packed dirt of their battlefield stirred up by every entrant ahead of them.
Behind Castiel—his waist, his belt, his coat—sit the remains of the spell and the remains of the would-be summoner. Dean closes his eyes against reality.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You’re Prince Dean’s heatmate.” That much is clear. The close companionship with the royal family, the confirmation that Prince Dean wants him back, Hunter’s inability to register as an alpha. This is the omega who sees Prince Dean through his heats, the prince’s designated omega partner who isn’t meant to count towards true mating.
“You fucking the bed, sweetheart?” Dean checks, Dean teases. He takes a light smack at Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel groans and groans and
Prince Samuel smacks his spear against his shield the once, and the remainder of their line picks up the beat on the second strike. Shoulder to shoulder with the prince, Castiel joins on the third.
Smiling wide, Castiel of course immediately goes and ruins it. “Would you be the executor of my will? You’re a beneficiary, of course, but I can’t see that becoming a conflict of interests.”
“Well, yeah, I’m feeding you, everyone likes people who feed them,” Dean replies hastily, flushed the way Castiel remembers him often being, in the early days. Dean clears his throat for further measure before flipping over the menu on the bar. “Think we should have gotten appetizers?”
With Hannah and Balthazar beside him, with command resting upon another, Castiel permits his body to move in advance of his mind. Blows are seen and parried. Blocked. Countered. Balthazar’s motions are a language Castiel’s limbs know how to speak; they converse and converge upon their foes. Hooking shields, striking bodies. They shove and kick.
“Very good.” With that done, he readies his gauze. For the donors giving blood, he can simply ask them to hold down the gauze for him once he takes the needle out, but with a needle still in Dean’s other arm, it’s a slightly more involved process. “I’m going to take this out, press the gauze down, check it, apply a new piece of gauze, then tape that down,” he explains, sensitive to Dean’s nerves. Once more, the man is looking up at him with eyes a little too wide, face a little too red.
The list of notables continues, seemingly without end for such a large field of competitors. Eyes on his opponents-to-be, Castiel tries with little success to attach names and summarized accomplishments to these alphas. Some have more bravado than sense and call attention to themselves, but many do not.
Alistair strikes back, lashing out at Castiel as he falls to one knee, and though the blow lands, that is nothing compared to Hunter’s blade, originally aimed toward Alistair’s midsection.
Shuffling forward on the sex towel, Castiel pushes in. Spreads Dean open from the inside. The air itself trembles as Castiel pushes deeper, deeper, until Dean lets out a long, sighing moan as the cockring presses against his rim, as the vibrator nestles tightly behind his balls.
As Prince Samuel speaks, Hannah looks to Castiel with questions in her eyes. Castiel ignores them, instead watching Balthazar rise to his hands and knees with an immense groan. The effort visibly costing him, Balthazar forces himself upright. Under the referee’s direction, Balthazar walks a short span, an undeniable stiffness underlining his typically showy manner. Dirt and blood smear down his left cheek, and he’s favoring one leg despite his best efforts to do otherwise.
Blinking away reciprocal tears, Dean rubs his back. Touches Cas more than he’s been able to for months, more than he’s been permitted to for years in the casual brushes of friendship.
Jimmy glares down as he says it, and something stumbles in Dean’s chest as he realizes Jimmy actually means it. Jimmy’s actually jealous. He’s Dean’s and he’s jealous of Benny, and it’s all Dean can do to keep from rolling them over and showing Jimmy just how much Dean adores his mate’s ass.
Gordon visibly weighs his odds, and when he and Ava make their move, Gordon hangs back to let her take the brunt of the response.
“Cramped, cramped, sorry!” Those are possibly the first words Dean’s heard out of Inias this entire time, but definitely the best.
Regardless of that particular stalemate’s outcome, Castiel knows what to do when these shared nights near morning. With approximately half an hour left until the time Dean typically rises, Castiel snuggles himself into Dean’s arms. Their already entwined legs shift against each other, teasing, tantalizing, but Castiel limits himself to burrowing against Dean’s chest, the back of one hand resting against that threadbare band t-shirt, the other arm loose around Dean’s middle.
“And when that changes?” Castiel asks, because it always has before. Regardless of sexual gratification, needs change.
Dean chuckles. “Sometimes, yeah. I meant more like, not coworkers. Like, I dunno. If you like a librarian or something but only ever see them at the library. Feels inappropriate but it’s the only time you ever meet.”
The space isn’t as small as he’d feared it might be, given the hundred contestants. There’s ample space to maneuver and split into further factions. How many are present to fight for themselves and how many are simply padding to alliances, Castiel can’t yet tell.
“I like the accounting work more these days,” Cas reminds him. “And I thought you wanted to switch to directing.”
“I understand,” Castiel assures him. “I’ll walk you through the whole process, and if anything comes up, I’ll be close by the entire time. I might be tending to other donors or processing them back here, but I won’t be going on break the entire time you’re here. You’re going to be fine, Dean.”
They talk for a long time. Way longer than intended. As in, way longer than a guy with poultry should spend yammering in a parking lot, kind of long. Dean tries to get the guy—Castiel, he says his name is—to go back in and return the cat food, but Cas refuses. He has a few regulars he’ll need to drop off food for later in the week anyway.
Dean stares at him a moment longer before shaking his head. “Sorry, ignore that. You don’t need me poking into your personal life.”
Castiel’s smile grows and grows against Dean’s used lips. He hums approval as Dean pushes into his mouth. Climbing on top of Dean, keeping him naked and pinned to the bed beneath his trench coat, Castiel thrusts his renewed erection against Dean’s with all the satisfaction of a promised orgasm.
Castiel moves away to get the lube, but he comes back with a speed Dean heartily appreciates. Then Castiel goes and pauses again, but-
The other two alphas stand off to the side, the prudishly traditional, omega-only kind of alphas Dean can hardly believe actually work in porn without getting booted out on their asses. Some directors might be shit, but Gabriel’s always done his due diligence where it comes to sexual harassment on set and behind the scenes.
Jimmy spanks him, starting with small slaps and working his way up to solid, open-handed blows. His technique is a little sloppy, but Jimmy definitely knows the theory behind the practice. Clearly, it’s been way too long since he was hired to play the Dom, but fuck if there isn’t gonna be loads of Domega work in his future. “Just for that, it’s going to
“This was a good idea,” Castiel says softly. He rests one hand on Dean’s cheek. Presses his thumb against Dean’s lips.
Dean lowers his head toward the side and tugs with one hand, and on an unspoken count of three, Jimmy rolls Dean over onto his back, folding his legs into place to ride Dean’s cock. Jimmy’s balls bounce against Dean’s happy trail; Jimmy’s dick taps a drooling rhythm against Dean’s stomach.
“Good. This is to disinfect the area.” He swabs the first arm before taking the sharp in hand. “You’ll feel a small pinch. Squeeze again. Good.” In goes the needle, and Castiel covers the site with a piece of gauze before changing sides. This time, he takes the stress ball from Dean’s hand and passes it over. Dean fumbles a little, so Castiel presses the ball firmly against Dean’s hand until Dean takes it. “Squeeze again. Good. In once more… There.”
His face set into the gap between two pillows, Castiel moves his legs in answer to Dean’s continuing undulations. Wider, at first, until Dean’s erection falls between them. Then back together, the better to hear Dean groan.
“When I say.” He squeezes Castiel’s hands before releasing them, before tapping Castiel beneath the chin.
It’s a Tuesday when Hannah hangs up the phone and calls out to Castiel, “Dean Winchester scheduled an appointment for Friday next week.”
With a groan and a scrape of the chair, Cas gets up. Follows. All the way up the stairs, his hand audibly sliding along the railing with each step.
Dean shakes his head, even though Cas has come dangerously close to hitting that nail on the head. “I just wanna make sure our schedules match up.”
“Typically? Send them back for basic training,” Castiel answers, and Hunter’s attention snaps back to him, his pale green eyes fire bright. “But with you, I doubt that would be a concern.”
Loosening the tension on the tie, Castiel instead pulls Dean back an inch by the hair. “Tell me how you’ve been my good boy, Dean.”
Castiel pulls off each of his gauntlets, sticks them beneath his armpit, and removes his helm, its aventail curtain swaying in a rattle of chain. He wipes at the sweat of his face, at the back of his neck, and intermittently pretends to adjust something inside of his helm, wiping the sweat off. He runs his hand through his soaked hair and wipes that off inside his helm as well.
Eyes wide, bottom lip thoroughly bitten, Dean takes a look at Castiel for a moment. “You totally thought he’d died when I stopped coming in. Shit, man, I’m so sorry.”
No matter how many times Castiel reminds Dean of this, Dean refuses to agree. Dean says things like “The hell you don’t” and “Sure thing, pal” and “Jesus Christ, Cas, I told you to stop watching me sleep!”
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel begins, speaking with a world’s worth of gravitas, “you are the most important person in my life. You have been for years. I cannot see a future without you in it.”
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks, entirely focused on Dean and the excruciatingly obvious panic that’s smacked him upside the head.
Hot and cold at once, Dean whimpers, pressing his ass back against Castiel’s soft cock. Castiel refuses to let Dean roll onto his front.
Hannah goes back to fussing over Jimmy’s hair, but Dean fends for himself. Synthetic eau d’omega touch-ups applied here, here, and there. He sprays some down the back of his shirt collar for good measure, not about to ask Hannah to do it for him. Then, hair combed like this, sprayed with that, combed again, ruffle with the hand, combed up on just the front.
Castiel stands and ushers Dean back out into the main room of the Red Cross donation center. Short half-walls divide the donation area from the small processing rooms lining the sides, and also serve as a barrier between the reception area and the canteen. Castiel leads Dean toward one of the bed-like recliners with the TV monitors. He pats one of the large armrests. “Here, please.”
“I can’t decide whether to pull the plug on you or something. Seriously, man, that was the one good thing about my dad going so fast: never had to make that call.”
Dean sits down on the bed. Draws his legs up. For an instant, the contrast of his leg hair and the panties jars his mood, but Castiel’s hands worship from ankle to knee, stroking hair and skin and muscle as he waits for Dean’s permission.
It absolutely backfires. Between tiny bursts of fucking Dean’s face, Castiel pulls out again and again, commanding, “Say it again.”
Fortunately, Lucifer strikes at their borders before the traveling party can depart, and Castiel is far too busy joining the skirmish to visit his long awaited love. Castiel proves instrumental in rescuing the targets of Lucifer’s ire: a fleeing omega and her child of eight, Lucifer’s own heir.
Dean shrugs a little, but still looks pleased. Castiel tapes him up, same as before, and sends him on his way.
When Dean’s lack of coordination interferes too much with their mutual progress, Castiel wriggles one arm out from beneath himself, the better to reach back and catch at Dean’s hip. The better to pull Dean down to thrust as Castiel lies flat on his stomach. Lying here, the crack of his ass is only the start of a long, firm line for Dean. Hazy, groggy, lingering in some lustful dream, Dean ruts against Castiel’s ass and thighs.
In that slow, patient threat of a voice, Castiel continues, “Why would you put your brother’s name where my cock goes?”
“I like him,” Jack pipes up, and Castiel reflexively makes a grab for the potato pot when Jack keeps mashing without looking. The danger passes, Jack still completely oblivious to it. “He texts you too many bad jokes to be pretending to be cool. That’s what
Dean bites his lip in the vain attempt to not burst out laughing. “Uh-huh,” he says. So that’s what Sammy’s looking for. “Sure. Someone single and actually attractive, sure.”
And hauls Prince Samuel to his feet. Supports Prince Samuel with his shoulder even as a medic fits a sling around Castiel’s left arm, over his armor.
Unable to cope with Castiel casually laying out the contents of his still-beating heart, Dean stuffs his face and takes a long time chewing.
Standing, Cas turns away, impossibly more naked than Dean in just his suit. He fiddles with his hands behind his back as Dean drags himself up off the floor, keeping the coat over himself.
Holding his hands up, Benny backs off, retreating out of the set. The camera crew remain, though, and Dean has to keep petting Jimmy to stop the omega from growling at them too. Good thing they’re industry professionals, well-accustomed to having to zoom in from a distance when instinct flares up too brightly.
“Trusted you to give it to me.” Dean looks up at Castiel properly before pressing a kiss against the bulge in his slacks. “‘Cause I know you love me being your good boy.”
Dean suppresses a snort at the thought. The only way Dean would be running away from here, would be toward a bed, with Jimmy in a fireman’s carry.
Kneeling on the floor of their staged back alleyway, Benny grabs Dean by the hips in response and hauls Dean’s ass back against his crotch. “Then roll ‘em already!” Benny calls out, shifting his grip to the back of Dean’s shirt.
Again, Castiel grinds the bones of both Dean’s wrists. Dean’s dick throbs with the hurt. His mouth falls open with it.
“I’m confused,” Castiel states, because at least one of them should be speaking in a straightforward, easily understood manner.
Dean stretches his jaw first, but quickly adjusts. He takes it and breathes through his nose, far enough down to feel accomplished, not enough to feel completely choked. In line with the punishment play, he initially keeps his hands folded behind his back, but Castiel taps on his shoulders almost immediately.
“Not in this case. With the proper enclosed space and spell ingredients, he’ll be able to manifest the contents of his last dream. They won’t last long, an hour at the most, but that’s long enough to carry out the second spell. And I’d be very surprised if the contents of that dream didn’t include back-up. He could manifest an entire army.”
“Tell you what,” Dean decides, skimming his fingers over the waistband. Sneaking his thumb beneath it. “We get through all of them without you touching your dick, you can come on a pair, too.”
When Dean stirs, his breathing hitches. “Cas?” he yawns, lifting one hand from Castiel’s back to rub at his eye.
There’s a thirty-five minute check where Cas lifts up the little he can, and it has Dean growling low in the back of his throat. He squeezes hard on Cas’ thighs, shoving him back down once they’ve passed the check, and Cas nods down at him approvingly. The joyous reciprocation of their nest at home stays at home, and fuck if Dean doesn’t miss it more by the moment.
“Burger time!” Dean announces, setting both plates down on the coffee table. “I did the maple bacon thing, and it
It’s definitely Michael who puts his arm around Adam when it’s time for the pre-game talk, and Dean keeps his expression steady as Michael calls Adam his “sweet baby brother.” Everybody’s gotta carve out their own territory where they can, but that sure as hell ain’t Dean’s.
Castiel’s body pulls in on itself, but his words don’t follow suit. “You’re the one who brought it up!”
“To avoid you,” Hannah says, and when Castiel looks back at her, the curve of her mouth beneath her helm hints toward both truth and joke.
Once Castiel has settled into position, he checks his own body temperature a second time. It’s adequate. Not too hot, not clammy. His feet won’t make Dean yelp and wake.
Castiel smiles and makes himself comfortable on the steadily shrinking mound.The falling snow melts instantly upon his front.
Dean does. Slow and languid. Sour, then refreshed to sweet. They pull on Castiel’s cock between them until Dean fades too far. Castiel stops holding himself back and comes, still in time for Dean to register this, to acknowledge this with a pleased hum against the corner of Castiel’s mouth.
“Not currently, no,” Castiel answers, blinking like Dean’s the one coming up with wild questions. “I’d simply like to be prepared for the eventuality. As I know we’re going to be spending the rest of our lives together, you’re the obvious candidate.”
“Are you feeling all right?” Castiel checks. He approaches and Dean stands stiff, holding himself in place while Castiel grips his shoulder through his jacket. Dean’s certainly cold and tired. A headache as well, growing from the lack of food and the withdrawal from—mercifully—caffeine. Castiel soothes it all, and Dean’s face goes temporarily slack at the rush of heat returning into his body.
-Dean can also appreciate a chilled band of silver against his ass, Castiel gripping Dean’s left ass cheek, spreading him only to play with yet more ice.
“Yeah, but,” Dean says and stops. Changes his angle of approach. “If we jumped to being married and shit, that’d be crazy.”
“How are we having fun?” Cas asks him, doing his classic head tilt and squint combo. “Is there another bar quiz?”
Clearly wanting to say no, the stylist keeps an expression of failed neutrality while looking back to the omega already plunked in a chair and sat before the mirrors. “It’s your call.”
laugh,” says Michael, later, after everyone’s had a cursory rinse and put their robes back on. It’s the debrief, because the good porn DVDs come with bonus features these days.
Castiel and Hunter both turn, and there stands Prince Samuel, a small retinue at his heels. Hunter hastily releases Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel does the same. If Prince Samuel thinks anything of it, the visor of his helmet conceals those thoughts.
He thinks about Dean reaching for him as a source of comfort. He wonders what Dean would look like, being pleasured. If he would respond to sex with humor, or if he would be a quieter, more reverent type. He thinks about the deadpan handjobs he’s given, and hopes that Dean would laugh through one, at the inherent ridiculousness of it. If Dean wouldn’t be offended by Castiel’s amusement, the same way Castiel isn’t by Dean’s. Castiel has never been able to take sex seriously.
“Great, so he can dig up mine once I’m done here,” Dean grouses. “Because, guess what! It’s the same damn shovel. Big hunk of metal freezing through my gloves.”
But with Dean sitting in the canteen sipping water for a full half an hour, Castiel truly can’t bring himself to mind.
Castiel presses forward toward the point of their spear, but hardly all the way. Prince Samuel wishes for the raiding party to fall first, this much is obvious, but Castiel needn’t fall with it. He finds the middling heat, and his partners move with him. Captain Talley successfully gets his cohorts back under control, and they begin to rotate their members from the edge of the fight to the protected center of the group.
Castiel considers this before tucking the blanket in against the sides of Dean’s chest. At Dean’s startled laugh, Castiel repeats the process lower, a respectful distance starting at the knee and going down, tucking the blanket in under his jean-clad calves. “There,” Castiel says, patting Dean’s shin. “Enjoy your music.”
“If I hurt you enough, will you feel my love?” Castiel asks, his voice the only softness left in the world. He lifts the restraint of his arm just enough to let Dean answer.
Cas is a quiet man, quieter without shoes, so Dean doesn’t jump when Cas presses against his back with only a breath of warning. “Is it cowboy boots?”
Jack’s attention is immediately snagged by the spinning mobile, so it’s a different stare that Dean feels on him. Dean stays where he is, refusing to turn around to the sound of Cas continuing to eat mac n’ cheese in pajamas.
“Sam, you gotta go,” Dean whispers, pulse thundering in his head, in his limbs, as Castiel advances on him, unhurried and undeterred. His eyes burn, searing away everything in Dean’s peripherals in a whitening haze.
“Dean’s the funny one, right?” Jack asks, taking Castiel aback when the boy recognizes the name. “The one who loves his grandpa.”
“Not yet.” The set of her shoulders explains the welcome she’ll give them far better than her words ever could. “I do know the tents on the other side filtered into another entrance. I imagine we were deliberately kept apart.”
“Tell me, Dean,” Castiel says yet again. And again. An elongated torture of two hands, one motionless, one relentless. “All you need to do is nod.”
With shield and quick feet, Castiel turns an oncoming spear thrust into a glancing blow. He steps in close to punch the spearman in the throat; when the spearman brings up his shield, someone else strikes the spear from his now single-handed grip.
Liquid drains down Dean’s throat. Sweat pours down his spine. Tears from his eyes. Spit and pre-come from his lips.
Steadily breathing in Dean’s scent from the crook of his neck, Cas takes a long moment to answer. He relaxes in Dean’s arms, though. “I’d like the ride, thank you.”
“Do I need to talk to her?” Castiel asks. In his previous medical jobs, a female coworker avoiding a patient would be ample cause to chastise the patient for indelicate words or outright unwanted touching, but that is not a problem Meg has. In the rare cases someone makes the mistake of giving her that problem, she promptly gives it back in full, and far worse. “She’s normally more professional.”
Dean sinks down, thighs spasming from the position. He begs with his mouth. Behind his back, his arms are forced to unfold, his wrists dragged down to the floor.
Every Friday, Castiel catches himself looking to the door at three o’clock, just in case. Every Friday, Hannah shakes their head at him when he looks to them with a question in his eyes. Every Friday, Meg tells him about new shows he ought to try on Netflix.
Maybe it was the two beers in ten minutes on an empty stomach, but Dean can’t stop the incredulous words coming out of his mouth. “So, what, you wanna do some run up until you—I’m serious—until you fall in love with me?”
Dean shrugs with one shoulder, that of his bandaged arm. “She’s just giving me crap over us being so chummy.”
“I’m coated in scent-blockers,” Dean explains once the thinking starts back up. Well, coated except for his back, but he has a strong inkling no one’s gonna help him spray that missing patch. “Trying to get a whiff of omega for the rest of the alphas to pick up, y’know. I’m already in costume, no nudity or anything happening here.”
“Regroup!” Hannah shouts to Castiel, positioned between him and Ava. Chest plate dented sharply, Ava stands not as a comrade, but an assailant.
Had he been beautiful? No, of course not. No one is beautiful at thirteen, at such a shifting, twisting year of mismatched parts. But despite his changing body and wandering center of gravity, the omega had certainly proven his place on the field. Castiel had seen him only once after this: at the far side of the high table, opposite from where Castiel waited upon King Michael.
Santa ho-ho-ho’s in clear relief. “I’m glad it’s for such a good reason. You’re a very thoughtful young man, Jack.”
Triumph filling his eyes, Jimmy shoves his fingers back into Dean’s mouth. Dean gags and coughs, but he keeps stroking Jimmy’s thigh with one hand, easy and slow.
when he doesn’t earn an ass fucking,” Jimmy announces. He bares his teeth at Benny, vicious and absolutely sincere, before looking down at Dean. “Do better or I’ll choke you with it too.”
Dean keeps laughing right up until he maneuvers Castiel back against the car door. He stops then, wetting his lips, looking at Castiel so softly in the glow of the streetlights. “Gonna kiss you now,” Dean warns in a whisper.
Face still a bit flushed but at least not visibly sweating, Dean looks up at him, chewing on his bottom lip.
“Ah, fuck,” Dean sighs, just at pulling them up his thighs. So soft. So smooth. He closes his eyes, tucking himself into the cloth, cool and sleek and cradling. He runs his hands down over the layers covering his hips, flounces them up and flounces them down.
Castiel’s eyes gleam blue-white. “You’re not allowed to pass out, Dean. When you lose consciousness, it will be while you come on my cock or not at all.” He tilts his head in cool consideration. “Or while you beg for my cock. I haven’t decided.”
“All right,” Cas says, and he returns to lean against the opposite side of the kitchen island. “What’s the challenge?”
He takes Dean into the donation area, sets him up with a growing familiarity of where Dean’s veins hide, and gets things underway. Then, before Dean can ask, Castiel returns with the blanket.
Now leaning forward, elbow on the desk, index finger pointing to Castiel’s face, Dean also pauses. His eyes search Castiel’s face.
At this, the man finally stops in his tracks. Even with a cart still between them, it’s not reassuring, considering the guy could ram Dean with it. Or, more importantly, scratch Baby.
The rhythms of Castiel’s downtime with Dean at the donation center continue here: Dean telling stories, Castiel asking questions that for some reason make Dean laugh. “Never thought about it that way,” Dean says twice, both times an odd response to what Castiel considers an obvious question. A good one, though.
“Um.” Dean licks his lips. Looks down and intentionally fiddles with the leather bracelet on his left wrist. “It’s something we’ve kinda talked about before? Around it, maybe.”
He waits until he gets in his truck to call her. When she picks up, Castiel says, “He was gone for months because he slept with another man.”
As if on cue, the head of Dean’s dick peeks out the top. One of his balls makes an attempt down the corresponding leg hole.
Castiel steps forward, grasps Dean by the hair on the crown of his head, and drags Dean’s face against his own crotch.
“Uh-huh,” Dean mumbles quietly, once again sporting that tinge of embarrassment. Castiel immediately empathizes. Human contact is often unnecessarily difficult.
In the morning, Dean brews a full pot of coffee, showers, and finishes breakfast before Cas can drag himself into the land of the living. With bleary eyes and a vacant expression, Cas trundles into the kitchenette, trodding on the hems of his pajama pants. Dean watches him out of the corner of his eyes.
“Slide the bottle over on the floor,” Jimmy orders, his fingers digging into Dean’s hips like he thinks Dean might run off any second.
They kick off their pants, and the slick spilling out of Jimmy could overpower all the blockers in the world. The scent slams through Dean’s head, his lungs, his gut, it suffuses his bloodstream, it’s everywhere and everything. The aroma coats his nose, his open mouth, his cock. God, but it coats his cock, squishing and easy as Dean pushes into that slippery hole.
Should an angel break from this norm, it is only after a very long time. Hundreds of thousands of years. Eons. Epochs.
He strikes low, his blade sweeping at the backs of both of Alistair’s knees, striking harder at the left as Castiel crosses to that side.
“Can I smoosh them now?” Jack asks, armed with a potato masher and already elevated on a step stool beside the counter.
Dean comes all over him in long shaking pulses, ass clenching, hands clutching, legs wrapped tight. Almost before he can gasp out a moan, Castiel groans “oh, thank God” and comes inside him with short, pounding thrusts that push Dean farther up the bed. They catch themselves against the headboard, foreheads pressed together, bodies entwined as tightly as they’re able, and something in Dean finally,
Slowly, Cas’ stare travels from Dean’s face, across the bar, and back. “I’ve had the impulse,” Cas says, which is news.
Affectionately this time, Castiel rolls his eyes. “Orgasms feel good, Dean. I know how to have them the way I want them, is the main issue.”
Cheek bulging, Castiel stares back at him like an unpleasantly surprised chipmunk. After thirty seconds of painstaking mouth movements, Castiel swallows. “Because you said the marriage vow words?”
He is given scant time to rest from the two months of training, and then he is sent out to Winchester. By Michael’s command, Castiel is accompanied by a far larger, showier escort than is truly necessary, but he cannot bring himself to object: much of the guard is to protect Jack. Eager to travel to a new land, Jack wholeheartedly embraces his role of squire despite it being awarded four years early. He is a child of ten, unpresented and small, but he knows his duties well. Still, he is young enough to fall into his role too easily, quick to show to the world his adoration of the alpha who saved him from his father, and heedless of how this might bind him to King Michael.
“Fuck my hole, please fuck me, come in me, lube me up with jizz, put it in me, give me—Yes!” Dean shouts.
“That ass,” Jimmy shoots back, voice slurring slightly with all the pleasure Dean can give him. “That ass is mine. He fucks me well enough, he gets my cock. If you try to spoil my slut, I
Dean cracks a grin. “Yeah, I had a really busy fifteen minutes after I filled this out in the parking lot.”
He slams in and Dean’s entire body seizes. Every inch of him is pain, every inch of him is sweat. He only realizes how sodden his shirts are when his jacket and flannel drag themselves down his arms. The chill of his wet cotton t-shirt comes in a short-lived burst, wiped out by the ever-escalating heat.
He looks at the three people in the reception area. He looks over his shoulder at the donation center with all beds but two filled. He looks at the canteen area with two more people in it, and at the closed bathroom door.
The man winces slightly at the term. “We work to gain enough trust to fix the animals and eventually rehome them. So.” He straightens up his already straight back. “Do you need help caring for a cat colony?”
Speed limit be damned, Dean presses the pedal down harder. Beside him, holding the phone, Sam asks, “How do we know the warehouse one is first, not the graveyard one?”
