“Dates with Wade,” Peter replied.
“You’re such a jerk,” Pepper groaned.
Steve kissed him so deeply that he could barely breathe. But Tony did not want it to end. He never before felt so alive and free and the moment felt more right with Steve there, pressing him into the ground, alive and...God, he loved him so. His lungs burned for air but he pulled Steve tighter to him, reveling in the moment.
Steve grinned and trailed his hands down the spots he wanted Tony to touch him. Starting at his chest, he cupped his pecs then circled his nipples with his thumbs before drawing his hands lower. He started to sway his hips but also began to tremble under Tony’s intense gaze. All his attention was focused on Steve and his hand was rubbing his crotch making Steve wonder how hard he was. Steve’s mouth dried as his imagination ran wild and he licked his lips.
Yet now his son was looking at him as if he were made of fine china and the slightest movement might break him.
Bucky nodded and stiffly held out his hand. Steve placed it in his hand again and this time Bucky’s grasp did not lock around his hand. Steve pulled back, almost dejectedly.
Steve’s flush returned and he groaned, “Don’t you dare.”
“One: If you had to put it together in the workshop it’s probably not a good idea to use,” Steve stated. “Two:
“Ughhhh, the time traveling,” Tony groaned and threw back the rest of his coffee.
Peter inhaled deeply then looked at the bedside table where Dad left his cellphone. Peter stared at it for a few moments before making up his mind and grabbing it.
- like this!
“Please,” Bruce replied. “And can you ask him to join us as well? Steve wishes to speak with him.”
Tony jerked his head out of her hold and looked down at the components he was working on and murmured. “Nothing, what’s wrong with the news?”
Mary’s gaze flickered up and she asked, “Why…did you name him Peter?”
Peter went back to the other page. The first link was of Tony Stark’s Wikipedia page and the second was his father’s Wikipedia page. He never knew his father had a Wikipedia page, he never thought he was famous enough to have one!
Tony sighed heavily and ran his finger over one of the scars around the reactor. He might as well check up on it…it’d been years since he had gotten the last scan. The reactor failed him a few times since then, when he’d gone through his palladium poisoning…the metal shards probably moved since then.
Tony was able to mimic the frequency that hurt the partial symbiote on Steve but they were not sure if it would have the same on the actual symbiote or what would happen to Peter. But they had to try nonetheless.
As he washed his hands, Steve asked, “Is this your plan to save me? Being my shadow?”
Marcel pulled an 8x10 photo out of his folder and asked, “Was this the dress you took the sample from?”
“Me neither,” Tony replied truthfully.
Bucky surmised he was feeling guilty for making them worry or have to go above and beyond like make contingency plans.
“Sounds good,” Tony replied and then took another long drink as he struggled to figure out what was going through Steve’s head.
Steve sat down, refusing to answer. He looked to the fake, turbulent sky of the dreamscape and asked, “Why’d you do this to us, God?”
“Are there any others?” The man asked of Steve.
He did not want to admit it but…it felt amazing.
about us starting something.”
“Sir…I have tried to delay as long as possible, but Fury is threatening to storm the property. The agents he assigned to watch for a possible Hydra attack on the mansion saw Captain Rogers enter and SHIELD is now demanding answers…” Jarvis stated, breaking their kiss a little earlier than Tony would’ve liked…
After he crossed the Brooklyn Bridge and was in his old neighborhood, he knew he was going to make it. He spotted a tunnel open to the sewers and went in without any hesitation. As a kid, he explored these tunnels all the time with Bucky. It was partially his childhood home. None of the bullies dared go too deep but the more reckless Steve and Bucky dared.
,” Ben reiterated. “Steve, who had as much choice in this matter as you did. Steve who loves Peter with all of his heart. Steve who is the reason Peter is the way he is. And he did not even know of Peter’s existence until he was two-years-old. He had no idea Hydra did this to you.”
“Do not enter it until we know it’s safe,” Coulson continued, getting to his feet and excitedly crossing the empty room.
James drew back to cup Natasha’s jaw and he stared into her gorgeous green eyes. He vowed, “Yes, there’s no one else I’d rather be with.”
When he reached his door, he looked down the hall to make sure no one would notice his odd behavior and then he lightly knocked on it.
Tony’s heart hurt a little at the thought but he pushed it aside as he was escorted into the building. They ended up in an empty service hallway and his escort came to a halt.
It hit him then. How was he going to keep his identity as Spider-Man a secret now? People were going to be following him, his movements were going to be tracked by the paparazzi!
Steve gulped and Tony froze. Steve cautiously ran his hand up the back of Tony’s spine and Tony pushed into his touch like a cat, curling his body into his hand. Steve’s hand eventually made its destination and he cupped the back of Tony’s head. Steve’s eyes drooped, becoming hooded as he stared at Tony’s lips. He whispered, “Tony?”
Steve laughed, his smile huge and his cheeks rosy. Tony’s body thrummed with pleasure from seeing Steve so and, when Tony realized what he was feeling, he chugged half the beer bottle in response.
Finally, Bruce’s shoulders slumped in defeat and, without meeting Steve’s eyes, he answered, “Offer yourself to Venom as a willing host."
do, Peter, and because we have enemies you do as well. Being related to us isn’t as cool as your friends would have you believe…”
He had not fooled Pepper, who knew his entire schedule better than Tony. He had to beg her on his hands and knees to not tell Steve. She assumed he only did it to drink. She assumed it was a lapse in his recovery. She did not know there was more to the story. She only agreed not to tell Steve if he promised to use a Breathalyzer daily so she could make sure he did not go back on the wagon.
Steve mirrored his moan as his naked body pressed into Tony’s. The bare flesh of Tony’s chest rubbed against Steve’s and he frantically tugged at Tony’s pants to feel more of his flesh.
If that were the case, then Peter was already dead and the man he'd been with was merely an alien clone.
Steve ran his fingers over Tony’s scalp and Tony caught Steve’s hand before he could pull it out of his hair. He thread his fingers through Steve’s and forced him to keep his hand on his head. Tony was biting his bottom lip nervously and eyeing Steve uncertainly.
It broke Steve’s heart.
. I-I can’t be with you and I can’t do this to him – please, stop, Bucky. I have already let this go too far. I’ve already hurt Tony too much. Please, get off me…
He gently ran his fingers over the marks and whispered, “I’m still getting used to my strength. I didn't hurt you any, did I?”
“We raised a mini you,” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear and four golden arachnid limbs rose out of the back of Peter’s suit.
In that moment, he knew exactly who Wade was talking about. Peter flushed to himself as he wondered how deep Wade’s affections went. Glancing at him from the corner of his eyes, he asked, “Do you think it will happen?”
Steve moaned at the image that came to mind.
Steve turned on his side, keeping Tony’s hand in his, and faced his boyfriend. Tony’s arc reactor cast enough light for them to see each other and he met his tired hazel gaze easily. Steve smiled sadly at him and whispered, “No, you’re not…”
The prosecutor was cutthroat but Steve had been expecting it as Marcel had warned and prepped him.
For some bizarre reason, his statement made Tony look more guilty.
“And I you,” Peter sighed, tucking his face against Wade’s and wounding his arms around Wade’s body in a weak embrace.
Tony grumbled under his breath but followed his orders for once and pushed himself onto the counter with a hiss, “Ohhhhh, that opened it up more…”
“Hey, Tony!” Steve called out over the communicator. “You hungry? I just unburied a Thai restaurant and the owner is offering to cook food for all the responders.”
“…Jarvis says he is fine,” Tony stated after a moment’s hesitation, most likely from speaking to his AI.
“…Howard Stark,” Tony replied, still staring at Steve as if he was inspecting him.
Wade shrugged and said, “I know what I look like. I usually hide behind a mask but bartenders tend to not trust people in masks…If Stark wasn’t giving out free booze, I wouldn’t have come in my Sunday best.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied. His eyes skimming over Tony’s exposed chest. That reactor obviously was the main cause of most of the scars on his chest but what about the rest? Steve wanted to ask but Tony also needed to get into the water while it was still warm. He continued, “When you sit in it, the water’ll get high enough to come to your waist. I’ve got soap and spare clothes you can use!” Steve dove into his rucksack again and pulled out the needed items.
Wade’s eyes nearly bugged out of his skull and he gasped, “When’s your birthday?!”
“I am not what you want,” he whispered.
“Stark and the others are coming,” Natasha placated. “We just need to hold out until then!”
“Yes,” Steve replied.
Steve slid into his room and went straight to Tony. He had been laying on the bed, playing with his tablet.
In the course of a few seconds, he watched Tony’s eye widen as he realized he could not reach Steve, then his eyes grew larger with horror as looked at the fiery pit beneath him, and that horror transferred to devastation as he easily surmised Steve’s fate. Tony’s entire expression broke and he screamed Steve’s name, the sound tearing at his throat as he did.
“I got to put her in the water,” Steve stated what he knew all along.
Steve flinched as if Tony slapped him and then his faced hardened and Tony could not read what he was thinking.
“Probably,” Tony said with a shrug. It was dark in the tent and he could just barely see Steve as he turned to Tony.
Tony didn’t make friends. He made business partners, friendly acquaintances, and best friends…and Tony was rare to make best friends because not many people could get on his wavelength like Pepper or Rodney did.
Steve was in his ear, keeping him apprised of the situation as Wade and Venom faced off.
Hawkeye warned, “Natasha…”
Wade’s utter confusion made Peter jerk back. He stared into the man’s conflicted eyes and slowly replied, “You turned me on…”
Cap stiffly sat up and grumbled, “Tony’s alive, ain’t he?”
Tony rose back into the air and hissed, “
This time her mate totally froze and had even stopped chewing the food in his mouth. He glared at her like he was offended by her asking.
hurt,” Steve murmured, gently kissing the purpled skin around the reactor.
“Government assholes,” Tony replied. “And, unfortunately, they’ll never leave us alone until we talk to them…Ugh, this will take forever…”
The American camp was much larger than the Russians’ camp. It was on the water with a port and had a number ships docked. Snow had been cleared away for roads and instead of tents there were buildings.
Tony nodded and the scanner began to rise again. This time his heart was beating faster and his hands were clenched.
Peter pushed open the door and stepped into the lab.
“Alright, you and Bruce go to his wife. She will need to go with someone she recognizes and trusts. Clint, you and Thor will go to your kids. They’ll need their father the most right now. And then Tony and I will find out who this ‘old friend’ of mine is.
Damn…He missed them.
“I think I’ll go with something different,” Steve murmured, his eyes scrolling over the menu with the options. His usual coffee did not sound too appealing anymore. In his mind, it equated to worrying over the trial and now he no longer had to do that.
“You –,” Stark hissed. “You see what you’ve done. My son and I’s relationship was perfectly fine before you showed up! And the way you belittle –.”
“Definitely,” Peter agreed.
you.”
blood. The edges of Wade’s vision darkened as his heart stopped but he resolutely refused to lose consciousness.
Wade strolled to a stop a foot away from him and they stared at each other. Peter’s heart felt like it was being crushed as he stared at the mask. Wade retorted, “You’re not dumb, Peter. You’re the smartest person I know. I was…I’m sorry for what I said. Sometimes things slip out and I don’t realize it until it’s too late…”
He was willing to work on this for the rest of his life if it meant saving Tony’s life.
“How on Earth did he survive the move here?” Howard gasped.
Thank you for your patience! The new chapter is here! Real life and working on the monster of a chapter that was
Mary commented, “From what you said, and what Ben told me, Peter sounds like he should be busy studying for a Doctorate in mechanical science not imagining what color his costume should be!”
Tony threw back his head and closed his eyes as he moaned. They were both gasping for air. Tony’s legs wobbled and he slide down in Steve’s hold. Steve’s arms tightened around him, halting his sinking, and Steve lightly dropped his head upon Tony’s chest, right on top of his arc reactor. His breathing was hot and brushed against his nipple, making it pucker.
,” Tony retorted sharply, stepping beside Steve. “No one in the science community has seen either of them in years and their own family thinks her dead! What were we to think?”
“Almost Colonel Phillips’ words exactly,” Steve replied with his own smirk.
Steve laughed and Tony watched him with a warm expression. Once he stopped laughing, Tony asked, “So I take it tonight is a go?”
Steve stared at a space over Tony’s head as his friend needlessly adjusted his collar. His fingers brushed his neck and reminded him of the more intimate touches to the same spots by the same man.
“Jarvis, did we get an invite for that?”
As they shared in their intimate moment, they missed the close exchange between the other two in the infirmary as Wade put his hand shyly over Peter’s. Peter did not pull his away and let the contact linger. They smiled warmly at each other and then Wade hesitated for a second before finally fully removing his mask.
The Red Skull walked up to the camera and pushed it back to Steve.
Peter's eyes spanned from his parents and then to the digital clock at his bedside reading 6:05 am. Both of them were still standing in his doorway therefore whatever the problem was, it was clearly not urgent so Peter fell back into his soft mattress. He sighed, “Wha’s up?”
Instead, he saw the rest of the passengers packing up their items and getting up to leave. Steve looked to the front of the bus and saw the door was open. The ride was over.
Steve smirked at his son and whispered, “It’s good to have you back.”
He had a piece of Venom with him. It should be enough for a mask at least.
“Tony??” Steve gasped with concern, sitting up beside him. Tony collapsed into Steve’s side, gasping shallowly to catch his breath. Steve wrapped his arms around him and asked, “Tony, love, what’s wrong?”
He wasn’t worried about watching the old monster movie. The movie’s alien and the symbiotic alien that had attached itself to Peter were vastly different…More importantly, Wade and his father were interacting favorably. There was no tension and they were all relaxed.
He had contacted Coulson for whatever information SHIELD had on the Winter Soldier. In the alternative timeline, the Winter Soldier had been an assassin hunted by the Avengers. In this timeline, he was probably hunted by SHIELD.
He couldn't change the future. If he did, Tony might not end up being born or the Allies might lose or something even more worse might happen.
Steve should have pushed Bucky away but instead pushed himself back into the fold of his body and held his hand tightly to his chest. Steve curled into a ball and Bucky curled around him and held him close in his embrace. Bucky lightly kissed the back of his neck and Steve broke.
Peter cringed and then Wade happily confirmed, “You two lead the group like a power couple!”
to himself as he was hunched over another copy of himself, connecting its wires.
“Venom does not concern me, it’s the electricity. You made be a synthetic human but the components that make and do not make you human are all susceptible to electricity,” Bruce argued. Wanda instantly grasped Vision’s bicep and the android leaned into the young woman, placing a comforting hand over hers. Bruce turned back to Wade and stated, “You are the only one in this room that can handle both the electricity and Venom.”
he isn’t arrested on site,” Clint murmured.
“Why?” Steve asked.
–I – Wha-What do you mean?”
But Wade didn’t respond to Peter’s kiss. He didn’t move, not even to take a breath. He was still as a statue.
Ms. Potts rounded on Tony and hissed, “Then what is this? Is it some kind of experiment??”
me to be good during dinner.” Steve smiled warmly to himself and murmured, “He always keeps his promises to me.”
“I have confirmation,” Dr. Calvin stated from across the room. “The firewalls are back up. We no longer have to play this damn charade.”
Steve bent down and kissed Tony. It was only going to be a quick comforting kiss but Tony pulled him in deeper and the next thing he knew he had Tony’s tongue in his mouth and his hands kneaded the muscles around Steve’s neck and shoulders.
The tone of his voice made Tony shiver. Tony only heard Steve use that voice with the particularly bad villains.
Peggy looked questionably at Bucky when Steve wasn’t forthwith about his demeanor with her.
Peter let go of his baseball hat and knocked his sunglasses as he reached out to the bushes with both hands. Steve quickly readjusted his glasses to keep his face hidden. When he first was unfrozen, no one recognized him. After the attack on New York, the Smithsonian opening an exhibit on him, and the scandal he and Natasha were involved in, releasing SHIELD’s database on the World Wide Web, everyone recognized him. He did not mind when everyday people approached him to talk or ask for his autograph or a picture but the paparazzi were vicious. No one knew about Peter just yet and he wanted to keep it that way as long as he could.
The judge nodded and looked to the prosecutor to continue his questioning.
“TONY!” Pepper screeched and the breath froze in Steve's throat.
And I leave you with another cliffhanger! >:D
Forever! This was forever! His heart felt like it was going to leap out of his chest.
The car rocked him to sleep and its rough engine was his lullaby. With every bump, he was jostled near consciousness, however, the pull of unconsciousness was strong enough that his mind began to drift and dream.
has spider powers, but he revealed to me that he has taken after you in
Peter felt colder without Venom. Before the last of the mass left him, Peter’s hand closed on reflex and he willed some of Venom to stay with him. That little bit wrapped itself around his wrist and warped into a dark-faced watch.
Steve was made more uneasy by Tony’s silence. To break it, he asked, “Has this ever happened before?”
Tony leaned heavily onto his chest with his chin jutted sharply right in the middle of it. He was pouting and it made Steve smile. Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair and asked, “Dating you is going to be insane, isn’t it?”
Steve perked up and lifted his head to look questionably at Tony.
It would be hours until he saw Wade again. He could spend that time as your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, but Peter didn’t feel like he could expend enough energy to take down criminals.
“…When your mom died you acted tough. You tried to shoulder the pain all by yourself…” Bucky observed.
As they made their way into the main hall, Peter spotted a few other plainclothes superheroes milling around in the crowd. There were probably more but Peter didn’t know their secret identity just as they wouldn’t know his. But his father and Steve had collected many friends who entrusted their identities with them and Peter knew they had to have been given invites too.
Pepper tried to convince him to rent one but in the end relented her protests and helped him pick out a small island that was far away enough from any kind of civilization. He swiftly built a small house with a lab, gym, and
Tony’s eyes immediately focused on Steve who was tying off one of the larger tents. Steve jumped to his feet and happily gasped, “You’re here!”
They stayed late into the night and left with promises of keeping in touch but also of not mentioning anything to the media.
That’s right, his mad, parkour stalker had gone to save him again.
“You must understand, Mr. Stark has a reputation but he also requires a level or privacy and…” She paused, as if looking for the best way to phrase it, and stated, “I don’t think the world is ready yet to hear that Tony Stark swings both ways. You understand, right?”
Wade’s heart seized in his chest at the mention of “love” passing through Peter’s lips and then Peter flushed bright red as he realized what was said between their exchange. Neither one of them addressed Logan's statement about their "love" yesterday. Wade pressed his forehead to Peter's and searched his eyes, fearfully wondering what was hidden within those hazel depths.
Tony barely interacted with Steven, but he felt like he got a sense of his character in their limited interactions and felt certain that he was not on par with Obadiah or the Ten Rings…in fact, by the tone of his voice, it was the opposite Tony was getting from him. Heck, their first meeting was of Steven jumping into his life, trying to save him.
Tony’s eyes beheld the many scars that still littered Steve’s body from when he tried to save Peter. Steve probably thought his nightmares were just about Peter, but he was so wrong. It still made him ill with anxiety to think back to that moment he rounded the corner and he saw Wade hunched over Steve’s bloody, unmoving form.
He’d gone over countless scenarios on how to ask Steve and watched at least 300 surprise proposals on YouTube to psych himself up for it and maybe garner a few ideas. But, in the end, he couldn’t help but wonder if Steve was ready. What if he wasn’t ready to escape the safety of simply being boyfriends?
The correction officer stepped inside and murmured, “It’s your turn, sir.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve reach forward and turned off the holo screens with a light tap.
Steve bared his teeth at the man but dropped his shoulders in a defenseless posture.
Both he and Wade watched the suit until it disappeared and then finally looked to each other.
“…It is about Steve, isn’t it?”
Peter awoke the next morning with the memory of Wade’s lips ghosting a kiss along his mouth. As he sleepily woke up, he smiled to himself and he touched his lips as he remembered last night with Wade.
Vision and the others looked at the gathered force and then to Steve for direction and Steve commanded, “Bring him to the Hulk room.”
“I wish,” Tony whispered. He stared at the photo and, after several long moments, the solution suddenly hit him.
Tony’s interest was piqued when he saw they had scans of his father’s schematics. He was about to comment to Bruce on how they both were going to win with this when the downloading ended and the last file name caught his eye.
“But Peter knew he was going to get hurt
Tony dove with him exclaiming in horror, “
Sam nodded, taking the half truth as a whole one without a second thought.
“…Alright, well
“He’s fine, Clint.”
Tony's heart seized as his powerful emotions built up to quickly for him. This was his son. He was a young man now and missed out on
“No, Jarvis! Call it back!” Peter let go of the wall and fell twice as far, going so fast that the glass in front of him blurred and his stomach became nauseous. When he reached out to the glass in front of him, his hand caught and slid but his body also slammed into the glass, breaking it. He heard a woman scream inside but did not get to see the damage he had done as his grip slipped and he fell.
Tony misread his emotions and gently grasped his hand. He whispered, “…I would have never gone against your trust. I would not have told the media…”
“Don’ cry, Papa,” Peter gasped, pulling at his shirt. His voice sounded on the verge of tears as he watched Steve crumbled before him. “Uncle Tony will come back…”
He settled back into the chair and watched the movie. It was not an emotional movie, but Steve’s eyes teared up as he remembered and he was able to imagine Tony’s voice whisper in his ear the same lines the actors said.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “Oh, you want to go through the whole charade? Ok…hem, hey Steve guess what I’m bi and ‘single!’ Isn’t that interesting? I like your ass by the way,” Tony used a high pitched voice and Steve chuckled.
She opened the door and James fluidly stepped in as soon as the space was available. One shot and the one guard fell. They ran in, weapons drawn, expecting more but no one else came out.
“I thought I would see
Brock was yelling and struggling against the hold of the SHIELD agents that had jumped on him. He fell in their hold but continued to reach out to the pooled Venom with clawed hands.
“It works, Pete…” Steve sighed. He sat down on the couch and grasped Peter’s hands, pulling his son closer to him. His eyes couldn’t help but fall down on Peter’s exposed soul implant and had to force himself to hold back his smile. Peter had less than seven years until he met his soulmate. He’d still be a teenager when he got to meet his soulmate. It was nothing like the amount of time he and Tony had to wait until they could meet and he was so happy for his child.
James was gone.
Tony watched his father go and waved to him as he left. Howard did not get a happy ending...Tony hoped he was not cursed with the same fate...
Bucky’s eyes narrowed and he gritted with a snarl, “Who the hell is Bucky?”
Just a few days ago, he crashed his plane and thought his life was over but now…now it was just beginning.
“St-Steve,” Tony mewled pitifully. Why did Steve stop moving? He-He couldn’t be-.
He asked around camp and got turned every which way but eventually made it to the command tent. He could hear Colonel Phillips inside with his loud booming voice directing his subordinates where to set up what. Steve should be nearby... he was a part of the chain of command.
century?” Steve interrupted him, needing to affirm the truth.
, Buck.”
“We both got A+ Pieces, if you catch my drift,” Wade retorted, wiggling his eyebrows and his waist.
“Watch me,” Tony challenged.
He closed his eyes, thought of his collective family’s bravery, and tried to take as much courage as he could from that. He was the son of superheroes. He could do something as simple as saying “hello” to his mom.
At a lower volume, Jarvis replied, “Yes, Sir. I have been following your set protocols ever since you became incapacitated and I also have been acting on your assumed orders.”
Norman was sitting at his desk, his chair was turned away from them and he was looking out at the city through the expansive windows.
“Thank you,” Peter whispered and leaned in, tilting his head back. Wade took the clue and leaned down, lightly kissing him. The kiss was gentle and held none of the fervor of their recent kisses. It felt like a continuation of his apology. Peter ran his hand up Wade’s chest and dragged his hand over his scalp, letting him know his apology was accepted and they were alright.
“Oh my God!” Pepper gasped as the armor opened up.
Norman gritted his teeth. The Venom experiment had failed but he could still push forward with his plan. In fact, maybe he could use this monster to his advantage?
But this led for him and Steve being trapped together in the same building for the extended future.
“…Nat?” Tony questioned. He felt uneasy seeing her so close to the maniac that had almost killed her. What on Earth was going through her mind? What kind of trauma does one’s soulmate attacking you inflict?
Wade had joked prior that Venom reminded him of
Howard knew only one man that could put that look on her face and felt his heart fall into his stomach. He grasped the door handle as if to catch himself from falling and gasped, “No, not Cap too.”
Tony glanced down at his implant and smiled.
The bartender quickly looked at his ID and his eyes flickered up from it to him in quick section before he nodded and asked, “What do you want?”
. He was having a little brain fart but it was okay because…
After ignoring several calls from Fury all day, Tony finally gave in and answered with a grumble, “We don’t want any.”
He fled before Steve could reply and locked himself into his bedroom.
“It can’t be possible,” Pepper whispered fiercely.
In a tiny voice, so quiet Tony could barely hear it, Bucky whispered, “Thank you…”
“Get. A. Room,” Bucky groaned and under his breath sighed, “Idiots…”
For the time being, the only room he and Peter used was Steve’s bedroom. Peter slept with Steve every night. Neither one of them were ready to let Peter sleep by himself yet.
Rogers stared blankly at him for a few seconds as if he could not comprehend Peter was sitting there. He leaned forward and gripped this coffee cup tightly.
“Any preference?” Steve called out to Tony. He tried to focus all his attention on the suits and not the fact that Tony was naked only a few yards away. Naked and under a waterfall of water…and naked.
“And I’ve got Bruce! Plus, give me a functioning computer and I will hack the shit out of this,” Tony said, holding up the flash drive.
There was light knocking on the door and Howard quickly lay the fresh compress on Tony’s forehead before answering it.
“So coffee tomorrow?” Tony asked her. Her eyes narrowed and she nodded curtly.
Fury leveled his one eye at Tony and stated, “We can’t do that.”
“STEVE?!”
Steve flushed and straightened so it no longer looked like he was embracing Tony as tenderly as he had been. Tony chuckled in his arms, “Smooth, Cap…”
A thick layer of dust floated in the air after its total collapse and Steve called, “Tony!”
“It wasn’t romantic,” Bucky stated with a frown.
Steve, the devil, was still drawing circles right over Tony's sensitive spot and he was using all of his willpower not to jump on Steve in front of Pepper. But, damn, his skin was tingling and heating up under Steve's fingertips.
Soft morning light was already illuminating his room but he usually slept in much later. He glanced at his clock seeing it was early in the morning with the sun just peeking over the horizon.
Peter’s chest clenched painfully. He did not want to hear that. He wanted to hear some outlandish truth that explained the entire situation in a way that ended with a happy fairytale ending. He did not want to admit it he wanted to believe that maybe…just maybe, he could have a father again.
Steve glared at the spot Tony had been standing moments before and felt everybody’s eyes on him.
to save him.
Steve upturned his head to kiss the corner of Tony’s jaw and murmured, “I
It only took him 19 years to reach out to Peter. He’d probably propose to Steve in half the time. So 9.5 years. Reasonable. Though not a round, even number. So he better make that ten years.
“Wait! What??” Fury rounded on Wade and demanded, “Say that again!”
Silence fell between them as they both got to work, but they were both smiling and the air was electric between them. The Soldier cleaned the guns quickly and his lips never stopped tingling from their kisses.
“They’re not,” He said pointedly, “Something like that can change the future, right guys?”
“Your presence is all I need,” Steve whispered. He crossed the room and hugged Bucky. Bucky stood stiffly in his arms then rigidly wrapped his arms around him.
to Howard.
How was that possible?
Steve grabbed his shoulder and quickly pacified, “We’re telling the truth, Tony. The judge will hear that.”
“What was that, baby boy?” Wade teased and breathed onto the puckered nipple. A slight salty taste lingered on Wade’s tongue. He wanted to taste more so he tilted his head and tried the other nipple. Peter shuddered from the sensation and wound his arms around Wade’s neck tightly, pulling him closer.
“Holy shit,” Peter gasped, instantly awake. He sat up sharply and dug his fingers into Wade's scalp.
“…So much for not seeing the wedding dress till the day of,” Tony stated sarcastically, trying to hide how emotional it made him.
He wasn’t going to be leaving his side
Only two had broken through so far and Tony looked it up…Peter had 18 more to go.
His excitement was instantly subdued. He remembered the one stipulation Venom gave him and he instantly missed his fathers enormously.
He heard Sam inhale sharply beside him. He saw the name too. Steve was not seeing things.
“I never doubted we would,” Steve said, glad to be moving on to a happier topic.
“Your past,” Steve elaborated. “You’ve held so much back because you’re afraid it’ll affect the future but I’m missing out on pieces of you. I want to know all of it…I swear I won’t tell a soul or let it influence me…”
Steve nervously glanced at his lawyers and they all nodded so Steve cleared his throat and huskily replied, “Yes.”
Tony’s heart picked up and he cautiously asked, “You – um – you’re remembering then?”
Tony began to lather up his face with slumped shoulders and whined, “You're enjoying this aren't you?”
“Damn, we look good,” Wade murmured.
“Maybe you didn’t change the future at all,” Pepper reasoned.
“Peggy knows I like men but she does not know how far my relations with men have gone,” Steve stated with a flush. “She is a lady after all.”
Natasha took the Chameleon to SHIELD. Bucky drove back in the team’s car and Tony flew Steve back with him to the nearby Tower. They landed on the balcony to their apartment and Steve let go of Tony, shaking the cold out of his limbs. The flight was short and was not high enough for ice but the wind chill was still freezing. He didn’t know how Sam flew with his face exposed all the time!
They were both gasping for air and Steve’s erection was bordering on obscene as it tented the robe.
Tony’s eyes immediately focused on the android and his gaze narrowed.
Tony calmed down and smiled at Steve. He teased, “This is a national travesty! Who will kiss our babies now?!”
“Doing what?”
The woman was deranged and she was going to destroy him.
“I’ll survive it,” Peter replied.
Steve remained standing and braced his legs as he felt the plane vibrate beneath his feet as the engines were turned on. There was a slight tug as the plane started to roll forward and as the plane blasted forward, going from zero to 160 and higher in less than a second, Steve felt only a slight push on his body. When the plane leveled off in the sky, the sensation disappeared and his ears popped with the altitude change.
He felt Wade kiss the top of his head and they snuggled closer together.
Steve straightened and looked to Bucky remorsefully. He whispered, “Bucky…No, please don’t.”
“You look uglier than me.”
“Me too,” Steve replied with a grin. He paused and then surmised, “You don't look like Peggy, so I guess you aren't her kid either then?”
“Natalie, if you-.”
“Coulson told me about the test with Thor,” Pepper whispered with hushed sympathy.
“Keep going, son,” he smirked at Alex, who blushed.
“He took the abilities of everyone he kidnapped?” Bucky murmured, making sure he understood well.
Steve nodded. He realized in a few months after their first meeting that Tony liked both women and men, and after the way his relationship with Pepper ended Steve thought his next important story was bound to be with a man.
Alex nodded. “Kidnapped. Tortured. Experimented on.”
“I was even in love, in the other world,” he exclaimed. “In love, you understand? And I miss him!” his voice got higher than normal and he laughed again. “I miss him like crazy!”
“Ouch,” he replied with a grin, “that hurt.”
“I was ready to die. What I didn’t know is that Rey had actually worked on the nanotech,” Alex smiled proudly and she blushed, shooting a shy look at Tony.
Natasha nodded, realizing what it was all about. “Yeah, S.H.I.E.L.D. and about a dozen countries’ leaders - ours too - called this morning to find out more.”
Tony paled and sat down with a huff, his face suddenly years older. “Well,
“What! It doesn’t make sense!”
The alarm made them suit up and go before they had the chance to ask Alex what he meant.
“I know we should have gone to shower,” Sam said smiling as well, “but Steve insisted to come here first.”
The kids looked so relieved it hurt to look at them.
“I’m glad because I want it all, hottie. I want to remember our first kiss, our first time, even the first time we appear in public together. I want you to consider Wanda like a sister and the same for me and Rey; I want us to fight the world and do it side by side. I want it all, Alex.”
Steve shot him a look. “Language.”
Rey hit him her elbow and he jumped. “What?”
Rey smiled widely and got on the bike, hugging Steve from behind. “Okay, princess,” he said, “never stop holding me.”
“Tony’s words really hurt them,” Natasha whispered after a few moments. Bucky, who was fixing his hair at her side, nodded.
“Isn’t it good?” Jane asked.
Alex shook his head. “He died when we were kids. I don’t even remember his face, if I’m honest.”
“I’m not telling you that you have to be a father now. I’m just saying that your… Other you… Loved them. And maybe you could love them too.”
After the morning training session, however, he had insisted on collecting some other data, and this time Natasha had stepped up, under Tony slightly worried eyes. He knew she would have never really hurt them, but somehow seeing them end up on the mattress time after time still bothered him.
“Then tell me.”
Steve was tired.
“Relax, kiddo. She’s fine, she’s going to the Tower right now. Why don’t you go too, we’ll deal with the press.”
The Avengers nodded. Alex had said it was the name they were known as, in their universe, and all the group had thought it was a good idea to hide their identities and just use their codenames - at least at first.
“Look.”
“Alright, com’on,” Pietro patted him on the back. “I don’t think you have anything left in your stomach.”
What on earth did we do in their universe?, Steve thought once more.
“Hey! I only helped you, today!”
“I’ll make you fall in love with me - not him.
Electro, and that was his mistake.
Steve forced himself to keep talking - and to stop distracting himself.
Rey and Alex looked at each other, silently.
, Alex realized, almost screaming in his head.
People started leaving the room and Steve looked at them for a second, surprised. Why did they feel the need to let them talk alone?
Alex’s face was full of shock. “Good. I mean. Glad to hear that.”
Rey first smiled and then laughed quietly, looking at him with eyes full of joy and fear at the same time. “I don’t see you like that,” she muttered.
Food was already finished and forgotten, and he had some cables and electronic pieces in his hands. He was playing with them, incapable of being still. She shot his fingers a look and, probably with all her courage, she took every little piece and started twisting them around.
Steve got immediately serious. “
“Friday, the video, please… Let’s just hope Nat doesn’t kill them. I already like those two.”
“I don’t know where my costume is,” Peter answered, eyes following her finger.
Steve didn’t look as happy. “Tony,” he said in his best Captain voice.
He moved to the door that led to the stairs, eyes dry once more, heart aching but mind sure it was the best idea, and suddenly the nausea wasn’t there anymore.
“You had started fighting Ultron on your own, flying all over the world to help as much as you could,” Alex fumed, pointing a finger at Thor.
Peter stiffed and turned to look at the sunset.
The kids sat down, out of place just as Steve was sure he looked talking about technology.
CHAPTER 6
Everyone was quiet for a second.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony murmured after a second. “Of course. You do that.”
“Sounds legit. Rey looked really shocked when they said that Tony’s body was found,” Bucky reasoned, eating his bacon with a shrug. “Maybe she found it - him - herself.”
Tony followed just a second after.
Bruce's eyes were filled with tears when he turned his face, doing his best to hide them.
. It could help.”
“He’s worried for Steve, for himself if Steve doesn’t come back,” Bruce looked at them and their faces, full of panic, “but
Rey and Alex looked at him like he was a ghost. Then surprise was taken over by sadness.
“Thank you, son,” Steve smiled, first patting his back and then choosing to go for a hug.
Did he want a kid?
“Yours must have been a pretty rough world, am I right?” Natasha said while she made herself look pensive.
“It’s too much,” Tony declared, speaking for the first time since they noticed the news on the social medias.
If they tried… If they tried being a couple and then everything went to hell, how would the kids react? How would they handle the Avengers fall-out?
Bucky shot him a look that meant “kick yourself or I’m gonna do it” and Steve realized that the girl - he was sure her name was Rey or something alike - never spoke in front of them. Her friend, however, seemed easier to talk to… And to obtain an answer from.
“Iron Man, Thor, Legend and Hush are the first to get on the scene!” the woman yelled into the microphone, trying to look untouched by the fight behind her back: six supervillains had escaped a SHIELD facility and were creating havoc in New York.
And if his eyes filled with tears, well… No one was going to judge him.
“HYDRA killed him,” he answered after a second. “But it was HYDRA, not the serum.”
, I could be good enough.
“What’s wrong, Friday?!” Tony asked.
And here we are! Thank you all for walking by my side in the new adventure that was writing a fanfic in English. It's been amazing ahah
Rey nodded at her brother’s words and Peter looked first at one and then the other, before giving up the pretense of being okay and lowering his head. “It does,” he murmured. He was expecting an “I’m sorry”, but it never came.
“Dad.”
“You’re breaking my heart, love,” Tony smiled and Steve had the urge to punch him - or kiss him, it depended.
Maybe
I really like this chapter :P
“You don’t talk much, do you?”
He threw a punch, shooting a look to Rey, to check on her - just in case.
“Yeah, right. HYDRA - or Ultron, they were connected - found a way to separate Bruce from The Hulk,” Alex murmured. He blushed from discomfort.
“And Tony is your…”
“From another universe,” Tony shrugged. “It’s not like I ever wanted them. I never signed up for this.”
Why couldn’t he talk like he always did? He had a smart mouth!
, she thought. Her father never called her that, but she liked it; it made her feel young again, like a kid, and it didn’t make her feel bad for substituting her pops.
So she
Tony nodded, feeling a little better knowing that at least that fear was shared.
“Tony’s not angry, you know that, right?” murmured Bruce a couple of minutes later, while patching her wound under Alex’ icy eyes. You could feel his anger and fear coming in waves from his body, but he was actually still as a statue, Tony’s classic poker face on and Steve’s way of crossing the arms in a sort of judging way.
look at Tony, before. You made Bruce’s life better, do you really think Tony isn’t proud of you?”
“They’re both legal adults,” Tony answered, coldly. He didn’t like where the conversation was heading.
. His life.”
Steve shot him a worried look. “About what?”
Rey’s expression changed into one full of wonder and sweetness, while she moved toward the place.
It would have made sense, anyway, to find a mechanical way to have a child with a man.
They all sit down at the table, a sleepy Alex trying to make his hair lose the pillow look.
“Tony,” he said following into a conference room, forcing him to stop by taking his arm. They stared at each other, in silence, and Tony distantly wondered when it started: when Steve became the only person on Earth capable of understanding him and calming him down at the same time, with just a look. Not even a word spoken, not even a “what’s wrong?” asked.
“Couple of points less than yours.”
Just say something!
“Come in,
“Friday, where are they?” Tony shouted.
“She’s Reyna Rogers-Stark, called Rey. She’s Master Stark’s and Captain Rogers’ daughter from another universe; on the gym floor there’s her twin brother, Alexander Rogers-Stark.”
Alex really couldn’t stand to hear him and see him this hurt, but how could he… “Do you know anything about me?”
Rey, who had just got into the room, sat on the floor near him and didn’t answer.
“Eat,” Steve commanded. “Jarvis told me how long you’ve been without proper nourishment.”
So this next chapter is heavily influenced by Iron Man 3... Some scenes and lines I literally copied straight from the movie but there are major differences as well since Tony is in a relationship with Steve and not Pepper.
“It’s not what it looks like,” Tony gasped, his voice was hoarse from all the hard liquor he drank.
a good kiss. Steve whispered again, “I’m sorry. We went way too far.”
Steve didn't resist in the slightest and even relaxed into his hold as Tony gently embraced Steve. Tony cupped Steve’s jaw and then rose up on his toes to kiss the taller super soldier. Steve didn’t hesitate and met him halfway. As their mouths connected, they both closed their eyes and their senses became overwhelmed by the presence of the other. Steve’s body pressed against his, his fingers digging painfully into his flesh, the slide of his lips, the taste of him…
, Dad.”
They held each other for a long time. Steve never wanted to leave Bucky’s arms. A small part of him was irrationally afraid that he would lose him again if he let go.
“Everyone is going so it might be odd if our newest member stays behind,” Steve stated. “But Jarvis…”
on the team could now lay claim to the fact that they knew what Spidey looked like in his birthday suit.
In the meantime, however, Tony needed to get his soulmate out of there before the reporters descended.
The electricity was not working so he was wearing one of his thin shirts to be able to work with light of his arc reactor.
Pepper nodded and said, “He doesn't have to do anything. I'll write up statements on his behalf and all he’ll have to do is okay them. They’ll basically explain that Peter doesn't want to give out any interviews as of yet.”
“He isn’t,” Peter pressed, gripping his mug a little tighter.
Tony pinched his chin and pulled at his goatee as he considered the facts.
“The name’s Dennis and it’s the law. 21 and older or get out of here,” Dennis stated gruffly.
All those stressful days felt far away and he was just boring old Peter Parker again.
Tony shuddered, his shoulders shaking violently, and there was another splash of liquid.
Steve nodded and rubbed Peter’s shoulder, murmuring, “We knew it would happen. We just didn’t know exactly when.”
!” Steve jerked him inside before he could say anything else.
Coulson sat opposite Captain Rogers, on the hard, metal chair, and said, “Yes, that was me. I’ve been looking for you for a long time.”
of him,” Steve chuckled bitterly at the irony. “I’m sorry. I wouldn’t make for a good dinner partner. You go on without me…I’ll be fine.”
Steve felt the symbiote hit his back as it rebound back to him. This time he felt it crawl over his back as it tugged at his skin. Steve staggered from the sudden weight and Tony caught him.
Tony’s laugh died off into a chuckle and he smiled gaily at Steve. He’d probably laugh at every corny joke Steve made to lighten the situation. He was so relieved Steve was there. It was better than the alternative…
The Soldier violently jerked and turned to her with narrow eyes.
“The sooner the better,” Tony darkly murmured, already imagining the meal and the death glares he was going to shoot at the mercenary.
Tony’s eyes snapped open. In seconds, the painful, hollow feeling left his chest and his limbs no longer felt numb. His hand slapped the center of his chest and he felt the arc reactor there. He sighed in relief.
Wade, it turned out, was a master of all the cheesy flirtations known to man.
"What?" Tony asked, not looking up from what he was working on.
They sat down together to watch an inane reality show that had nothing to do with either of them nor the trial. They cuddled and joked about the state of the human race as they watched the overdramatized and petty bickering. Yet their jesting all came to an end when the priority alarm went off.
– baby, he’s…he’s my
Secondly, and most importantly, her timer was about to run out. Ever since she was given the timer, she’d been training for the moment it would reach its end. Once she killed her soulmate, she would be fully inducted into the Black Widow program and can go on real missions.
Tony dropped his gaze with an unhappy frown and, in his mind’s eye, he saw Steve walking away from him and his cabinet with its bottle of vodka sealed away. He whispered, “It was bad for me too…”
Steve stopped letting her pull him and came to an immediate halt just outside the tent. He squeaked, “What??”
Peter hugged his father again. This time Tony was slower in his replying embrace but it was tighter and he pressed his face into Peter’s shoulder.
Since they had to be quick, they didn't have time to prepare each other but Tony showed him how to stimulate sex by humping each other between slicked up thighs and it was near close enough. They each took turns pounding into each other until they both were sated messes and back to laying on the bed, smiling at each other and their filth.
“N-No…I mean… I just thought my soulmate would be a woman because I…I wanted a family, but…” Steve flushed and finally met Tony’s eyes. Tony expected to see disgust or anger in the man’s gaze.
Thanks for reading! <3
Bucky’s eyes flickered to the elevator then back to the wall. He whispered, “No.”
He woke sometime later as she was doing this. He lazily blinked open his eyes and leaned into his touch. In a breathless whisper, he said, “
In the background, agents were screaming, the Goblin was laughing, and Peter was sobbing…but all Steve could hear was the roaring of blood in his ears.
“But you said she wanted to meet me,” Peter whined.
“Yup,” Tony replied.
The next night, Steve was standing and he smiled widely at Tony. He laughed, “I feel great!”
Steve and Tony went to their son first when they returned to the tower. This time they left him in the care of Clint so Steve was not too surprised when they found Peter testing out the miniature crossbow he made with a pen, some paper clips, and a rubber band.
Steve stated sarcastically, “Help me?? By kissing me?? How convenient!”
The Cover is done but my stony stories are far from done! But where to start next? I have many ideas for our boys... top three are a soul mate au (they are given timers at birth and Steve grows up thinking he will die before meeting his mate and when he finally meets Tony... angst and feels ensue), a sequel to
“I like the way you think, Rogers,” Tony chuckled.
date this guy? Like
Steve looked up to Tony and using his eyes he pleaded to let him take care of his addled friend. Tony threw back his head with a groan and clutched Peter tighter to his chest as he murmured, “God, those eyes and to top it off with the injuries…
“The Circle of Life” playing in the background with their faces imposed on the lions face from different scenes from the movie. It was well made and hilarious. He saved it to his favorite’s playlist.
Steve was wrestling with these newfound realizations. He loved Tony
Steve didn’t notice the tingling feeling as Tony began to stroke him.
“You’re free,” Steve reminded him. “You are your own person. You don’t have to do missions anymore. You can live your life now!”
, Tony,” Steve cursed in relief. He nervously parted Tony’s bloody matted hair and wished he would wake. His being unconscious made him uneasy. Steve hissed, “I will never forgive you if you die like
Tony demanded, “But he’s alive?!”
They did not notice Thor arrive a few minutes later on the screen and begin his fruitless search through the rubble of the house. The camera’s focused on his efforts and captured his frustration.
“Your honor, I object to everything the prosecutor just stated and call it slander not evidence!” His head lawyer, Marcel Collins, hissed. Out of all his lawyers, this one was the one whose name he actually remembered as he was the one who was always standing by Pepper in all the TV interviews about Tyler’s accusation. He was a tall man, with nice hair, and a sharp smile. Marcel, however, was currently not smiling and he continued, “This man is a hero! The violence he exhibited was only to save the countless lives of people from all around the world! The only reason he leaves the country is to put his life on the line to save others. He has never had a charge placed against him until now and the evidence is circumstantial at best! New York has been Captain Rogers’ home since he was born here, what era we are in does not change that! Furthermore, he has a residence in the Avengers Tower and is currently living with the team,
The cyborg grinned and murmured, “Now your boy’s a monster too.”
“Shh,” Ben shushed him. “Come. Get up. You should not sit here. Tony would not want this. Let’s go to your floor and get Peter some ice cream.”
{Yeah, he totally loves you too…}
Tony, almost sounding like his old self, cheerfully stated, “The way I see it, she only has two reasons to be here: she is here to help us or kill us.”
After he relayed all the information, Bruce wordlessly began to check his vitals and attached a number of electrodes to his forehead and chest. The machines around Bruce’s lab came to life and began to record Steve’s readings. Bruce remained at his side with his handheld machine that was getting readings off the Venom patches.
His boyfriend slipped back into bed and Tony turned away from him so he wouldn't see his glassy eyes.
Tony hit the back of his head a second time on the car hood when a sudden explosion jolted him upright.
Pops looked to Dad one last time then stepped to Peter with open arms. Pops smiled sadly and said, “Whatever you want, son.”
Was that the reason he risked his life? Could he still hold a torch for his old friend?
Tony's favorite study appeared with a leather couch with plush cushions and Tony lowered himself onto the couch with a groan. Steve sat beside him and grasped his hand as Tony told him everything he had learned.
Bruce leaned in curiously as Tony scrolled through all the files pertaining to Project Rebirth. Tony nodded to all the information and asked, “Shall I download it?”
He never so badly wanted to kiss someone than at that moment.
“Peter suggested I take him to stay with the Young Osborn until the fight is over.”
Clint still looked uneasy and she said, “Cap needs some time and, as strange as it sounds, Stark might just be the best thing for him.”
He turned to the man and stated, “Let’s join the others.”
“Where am I?” He finally asked.
The shield shrunk and then sunk back into the beaker before Peter could finish the thought.
“Baby boy, you haven’t been listening –,” Wade tried to argue.
Howard sighed heavily again, and his eyes fell back onto Tony. Without raising his gaze, Howard stated, “Again…I’m sorry…”
Tony chuckled and replied, “No, no! Jarvis is operating my suit, my AI. He’s a super computer.”
very welcome.”
Everything outside looked too bright with pastels and white light. It was too clean the buildings, the air, even the sounds…especially the sound of the radio. He couldn’t believe it was real.
Ben’s eyes looked like they were about to pop out of his head. He swore, “My God. Mary, is it really you?”
Blondie cleared his throat and looked from Peter to Twitchy then back to Peter again. He said, “Hem, yes…well, we were wondering if we could speak with you, Peter. Are-Are you alone right now?” Blondie tried to look over Peter’s shoulder to see if anyone was there. Peter automatically closed his door some to limit Blondie’s view.
My excitement has encouraged me to write more so I might post sooner next week! :D
did not kill anyone. Venom did.”
Steve thrust up into Tony, humping his face with no abandon. He knew he would not be able to control his strength and tore his hands from Tony's scalp. He dug his hands into the mattress and punctured the bed with ten finger sized holes.
Steve ran his hand through Tony's hair and sighed, “Oh, Tony…Did you listen to a thing I said?”
Barnes watched her go and said nothing. He did not call for her head. He was silent and his eyes were unreadable.
One look at his husband, and all his relief and elation was gone.
They went to a nice restaurant in Santa Monica, overlooking the ocean. Tony requested a private table for them so the din of the other patrons of the restaurant was just a murmur, making it feel like it was just the two of them, good food, the crashing waves, and a brilliant view of the ocean. Still full from the large breakfast, they only ordered appetizers. Their hands lay carded together on top of the table most of the meal, gazing into each other’s eyes and speaking in low tones.
“I’m so lucky to have you,” Steve whispered wetly.
Tony had probably just been in his workshop because he was covered in dark grease and oil. He wore a faded Black Sabbath shirt and ripped jeans. His arc reactor glowed dimly beneath the thin shirt.
“Anger and passion lie on a very fine line,” Tony reasoned.
dead.
Peter laughed and assured Wade he didn’t have to do that. He asked him how his outing with the X-Men went and Wade jumped into his story, making Peter laugh again as he described his antics and the team's exasperation.
!” Tony retorted, “And what about you? I thought Captain America was this great super soldier! You couldn’t see past the schemes?? You were so ready to trust Mary as soon as you heard she was alive!”
Steve wobbled and then fell down into the chair that materialized behind him.
“I love you,” Steve murmured warmly into Tony’s ear.
Steve’s expression was harsh and his jaw clenched. Pulling at the skin of his face were thin, black tendrils of Venom and his eyes – his eyes were that of a man walking to the gallows. They were Steve’s eyes but they were broken and hardened. He was clearly a man on a mission he did not want to pursue.
“Kinda,” Bucky murmured, rubbing the side of his face. “It was the stuff they drilled into me whenever they needed to scrub my memory…I did not want you to think about Stark, I think that is why it came out…Sorry.” His face became blank again and he stared off to the side.
What was Tony going to do now? Steve was gone and they did not know when he and Venom would reemerge nor what they will be like. Peter was back but he was not the same boy he was weeks prior. He had gone through so many unspeakable horrors and traumas that Tony had no idea how to help him nonetheless where to begin. Tony was screwed up all on his own and…and Steve would have been the one to know what to do. He was always the one who knew what was right and how to help. Tony did not know what to do without his lead.
With a warm, loving voice, Steve reminded him, “I’m here now and forever, love. I’m here to stay day and night. I’m here.”
Alarms started blaring immediately. Steve, Tony, and Bruce all stared at one another in shock.
“We win the war,” Tony replied and the man grinned. The American soldiers listening in were a little more animated and high-fived or laughed. Tony continued, “Who is in charge of this operation? I need to work with them in order to find the Red Skull faster.”
Pepper’s flush grew a little redder and she snipped, “Sorry to interrupt Tony-Funtime but you need to preoccupy yourself with getting in front of the press instead of getting into Steve’s pants!”
It was just so…so wrong. He was never accepted. No one wanted him.
To placate the man, Fury stated, “Captain Rogers will not have his rights violated. The results of his psyche eval will determine what will be done with him…You’ve done some damn stupid things before Stark but, in regards to Captain Rogers you’ve been especially stupid. Did you plan to keep him locked away in your tower forever? And how did you think attacking me would have been constructive??”
He reached out to Steve but did not reach out enough. He pulled his hand back before he got too close. He looked like he wanted to touch Steve more but was also questioning if it was alright. He tightened his hold on Steve’s hand so much so it was as if he was trying to strangle his fingers.
A large explosion bloomed from the side of the Avenger’s Tower and Peter gripped his uncle’s side tighter.
be full body armor…or, maybe, a living suit that could change its appearance and protect its user’s
The only thing he could save was the machine that would take him home and there was no way he was going to let a younger, less seasoned version of his father poke around in it.
How could he tell the man he loved he couldn’t be with him because he wouldn’t hold him back from falling in love with Sam?
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped, his voice laced with a combination of horror and restricted laughter. He explained, “This is a baseball Peter and no son of mine will not know what it is! Thank you, Bucky! We’ll make a Dodger fan out of him yet!”
Next Time, Ch. 12: Epilogue: A Cliché Decade Later…
Steve turned to him and questioned, “Weird?”
Many avoided his gaze and his chest tightened. All of the interns he once called friends…once.
He gulped and his eyes flicked up to Tony’s.
Steve surged forward and gasped, “Y-You monsters!”
“They’re not going to get you,” Steve whispered in a tired promise. They sat in an alley and, as Solo rocked, Steve watched citizens walk by. The people were excited. They were walking to a nearby event, some kind of festival.
“I guess this is goodnight, Steve,” Tony sighed, pulling away from the super soldier.
I am soooo mean to Steve... and will keep being mean! Hehehehe
Tony lay his head on Steve’s shoulder as he nestled into his side and murmured, “Love you too, beloved.”
It wasn’t even 10 a.m. yet and he lit a second damn cigar.
“Alright, it was a little reckless…and is that Jarvis?,” Tony retorted, shifting beneath him. His hips rubbed into Steve’s as he scooted up and Steve inhaled sharply as the innocent act translated into something much less innocent to his body.
Tony smiled sadly and Steve saw the awareness dawn in his eyes. He slid his hand out of Steve’s and whispered, “But that was before Bucky kissed you.”
Tony lightly caressed the back of his hand with his thumb and, after a slight pause, asked, “What upset you?”
Whenever they left the planet, that first step back onto Earth was always accompanied by Steve breathing a big sigh of relief. He lost count the amount of times they’d left the planet, but Steve never grew used to it.
The caller apologized for not calling sooner and told Steve that he was alive and that, while he was unconscious, the suit had flown him to the last coordinates he had looked up right before the attack. He then randomly added he had stolen a poncho from a wooden Indian, probably to distract Steve from the fact that he had admitted to being unconscious and thereby hurt. He said he was sorry for making him worry and apologized again about not being able to come home yet.
He could proudly call the man his friend. They had spent the last several days mostly in each other’s presence and developed a close trust. They knew each other’s deepest secrets so they obviously easily shared the rest. It’d be so easy to trust Steve with his fragile heart. He already trusted the man with so much more.
Natasha.”
That got a response and Coulson’s heart flipped as the Captain looked up and peered at him. Rogers monotonously observed, “You were the one who came to the Tower.”
“Did they find Jimmy Hoffa?”
“I’m so sorry,” he apologized again as guilt coursed through his system… He could not imagine what Tony went through. He cupped Tony’s face and kissed him deeply. He explained, “I went to Brooklyn. I went to the old apartment me and Bucky shared…I hoped Bucky would show himself if I was alone.”
Steve sat up straighter and a slight flush crept into his cheeks.
“Romanoff!” Fury barked, and the pretty redhead Coulson had introduced to him stepped forward. Fury stated, “Agent Romanoff is debriefed on your situation. I won’t take in Barnes on the condition she stays with you two for the near future. I trust her word over yours on whether or not he is ready for society. In the meantime, as always,
Tony began to inanely talk about the Hydra gun, explaining the misalignment with some coils inside was the reason it hadn’t worked in the fight. He was indepth with the details and was probably over explaining it but Steve listened with a small smile and made agreeing noises to show he was listening.
“Yes, minus all that,” Steve added, lightly squeezing his hand. Tony’s smirk drew a twitch of a smile to his lips. Even Peter smiled lightly.
“Yes, keep up, Bruce,” Tony sighed.
Tony’s attention, however, was not on himself, it was still on Peter. Wade was still holding onto him despite the vicious attack the symbiote was pelting him with.
“Buc—,” Steve started to say.
“Yes, Sir.”
Solo did not catch what he said and asked, “What?”
Steve stiffened at the word “love” and Tony blanched when he realized he let the big “L” word out of the bag.
“What are you babbling on about?” Peter grumbled.
“That means the rest is probably going to happen too getting married…adopting a kid.”
“Yes, please,” Tony groaned. He hadn’t eaten anything since shawarma. Steve gave him the address and Jarvis gave him the directions.
He’d been in his office at Stark Industries and had his old notebook open on his desk. He was looking at the old formulas and morbidly remembering when he wrote them a decade and a half ago beside his son’s deathbed.
They hit a wall of traffic and Cable cursed under his breath. After a short pause, he grumbled, “Hold on.” And drove them onto the sidewalk. Steve caught himself on the door handle as the car violently jumped, going over the steep curve.
“They’re all the co-presidents of the ‘We hate Spidey’ club,” Wade retorted, stepping closer to Peter.
Steve went on like nothing was amiss and replied to Tony’s statement, saying, “He’s lying. The rumors are true. He once crashed into the side of the building because he was too busy playing minesweeper.”
The last couple of days they had been in close contact: bumping shoulders during a movie, grasping each other's arms or shoulders to grab attention, or their fingers grazing in touch for moments to pass a game piece or obscure item.
Tony snorted and then said, “Alright, let’s start over.” He held his hand out to Steve and said, “I’m Tony Stark, thanks for trying to save me and putting up with my paranoia.”
“The public awaits, my Captain…” Tony said. He gently grasped Steve’s hand and drew him to the door.
Tony took out his suit as soon as he got home. He saved the village Everhart had shown him and found his new purpose.
“WHERE IS HE?!” Uncle Bucky demanded as he slammed open the door to the stairwell. The team parted and his uncle’s eyes focused on Peter with murderous intent.
Tony dropped his head onto Steve’s chest and groaned, “You are such a sap.”
, what happened?” Pepper whispered, her grew face stark with worry and fear as she really looked at him and his bloodshot eyes.
“Why haven’t you said anything?”
Steve sighed heavily and his gaze spanned the entire team before finally falling on Tony. He could not see Tony’s expression but he took courage from the unwavering stare of Iron Man.
“Yes, please,” Peter replied, collapsing at the counter. He sat heavily on one of the barstools and lay his head on his arms.
Steve sighed heavily and then opened the hologram Tony had been trying to hide from him. The image that appeared was a rough sketch of a robotic man.
“Yes!” He gasped and hugged both his uncle and pops as he bounced on his feet. He squeezed Pops with all his strength, not needing to hold back, and his pops picked him up. Kicking his feet wildly with his unbridled energy Peter leaned forward in his father’s hold and asked, “What’s she like?”
The amount of press outside their building more than halved itself after a terrorist attack on a United States military station in Afghanistan. A man calling himself “The Mandarin” hijacked US networks and took credit for the act. Clint and Natasha were immediately called in by SHIELD to assist in looking for him and Tony had Jarvis trying to follow the traces left by the broadcast hackings.
Steve chuckled and they fell in step with each other as they returned to the cafeteria. Steve's eyes were instantly drawn to Tony and he smiled at him. Tony smiled too, though he looked a little confused, most likely from Steve and Bucky's sudden, hasty exit.
Steve dropped his head and stared guiltily at his hands. It was a hefty risk. Why’d he do it, indeed?
“Well get me back in there,” Tony retorted.
Ugh, he loved this man.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s comment but hoped he was right. He did not let it bother him and ventured back into the thick of the party looking for his son.
He freaking somehow changed the future! How?? And how much??
Grinning cheekily, Clint replied, “No problem.” He sat at one of the barstools on the opposite side of the counter and Natasha positioned herself by the curtained off window in the living room. Turning to Steve, Clint asked, “So what’s the plan now, Cap?”
“Hail, Hydra.”
Marston sat down on his chair with a heavy sigh and turned to them saying, “Wow. I think they’re excited to see you two.”
The desolate shame in his friend’s eyes was answer enough how he felt about this whole situation…but Tony
The secrets, Steve had been keeping for the last few weeks, spilled out of him. From what he’d seen of Tony so far, Steve still felt the older man had earned his trust with the few things he had managed to do for Steve in the short time he’d known him…he’d not only helped Steve slip away before his identity was discovered, but he was also getting some help for Solo too.
The Soldier accepted the ear pieces gingerly. He pressed one into his ear and the other he pocketed.
He tossed his shoes, pants, and boxers into the back corner. He kept his shirt on to block out the light of his reactor. He lay across the bedding and supported his head on his angled arm. He only had to wait for thirty seconds more before Steve came in.
,” Tony whispered more to himself than Steve. He grasped Steve’s thigh tightly and Steve put his hand over Tony’s.
“Where did Dorito get that shield?!”
Wade carded his fingers into Peter’s hair and he held onto him like he was the tether that held him down to the Earth. He was never going to grow used to those words leaving Peter’s mouth nor the idea that it was true. Wade, the miserable human being that he was…was loved, and by Peter no less.
“That hot guy from that movie Ghost. Our movie, remember?”
“If James can remember, so can you,” Natasha stated, interrupting their private moment.
“Why would you risk yourself like that??” Tony hissed, “What if he killed you? Don’t you value your life? And what about Peter? How could you do that to him? And what about me??
“O-Our baby,” Steve gasped as he grabbed the front of Tony’s shirt and curled his fingers into the fabric. He pulled Tony closer, pressing their chests together, wrapping their arms around each other’s backs, and burying their faces into the other’s shoulder. Despite the embrace, they both trembled. Steve cried, “
Steve flushed happily and tried to hide his smile by taking a bite of the French onion soup he got. Tony mirrored his actions, smiling slyly as he took a bite of his sandwich.
“I just got here,” Wade grumbled, slowly walking up to the front door.
Tony was badly injured from her attack and had to spend a few weeks in the hospital. Organs and muscles were damaged, but, after several nerve-wracking surgeries, he pulled through. Things didn’t exactly go back to normal after Tony returned home. For the next couple of months, he had physical therapy and checkups thrown in with his normal day-to-day activities. All the Avengers hid away in the Tower and avoided the paparazzi, camping on their doorstep and that was just because of the attack on Tony. Just when it seemed their interest was dwindling, Tyler’s trial began and they came flying back, like the flock of vultures that they are and renewed their efforts to get a comment or photo.
They soon went back to small talk with Steve and Bucky quickly adopting their old Brooklyn accents and 40s slang like they always did when they were in each other’s presence.
“I think he was more gratified by your words. You’ve never spoken to Peter of your relationship other than saying ‘I love you.’ I don’t think he realized how much of an impact he’s made on you until today,” Steve replied, wrapping his arms more securely around Tony.
The team and their extended families were on the terrace. Most of the Avengers were by the small pool Tony had installed just last year but Steve, Tony, Bucky, and Natasha stood around the grill. Bucky was cooking almost three dozen hot dogs on the huge grill but he also kept one eye on the cooking meat and another on the pool and the children playing within it.
Peter nodded and Steve said, “Alright, let’s get some ice cream.”
Without any warning, Bucky’s fist shot forward and knotted into Steve’s shirt. He pulled Steve toward him and smashed his mouth against his. Steve opened his mouth as he gasped sharply. Bucky took the opportunity to shove his tongue past his lips and explore his mouth.
“I love you,” Peter reminded him. Wade's embrace tightened around him and Peter felt Wade’s lips wobble against his shoulder.
Peter wasn’t going to dance around it any longer.
They moved him as soon as the words left her mouth. Steve could not muffle his own cry of pain upon Tony’s second scream.
“I-It’s nothing,” Tony stuttered. “We would have sued the department if we went through that again.”
Tony tilted his head and asked, “Oh, yeah? What is it?”
Steve and Tony sat in Tony’s huge living room and Steve recounted the events that led to his reawakening in the 21
The repulsors went off before Steve could comment and Tony flew them over to the building where Pepper was imprisoned. Steve jumped from Tony’s hold before they landed and ran straight to the door he knew Pepper to be behind. Tony was right behind him with a singular blast from his repulsors.
“T-Thank you,” Steve gasped as he fought for breath.
“It is
“We got ourselves a late-night picnic?” Steve asked, touching the blanket.
Steve watched his husband fly between some high risers and disappear from view. Steve clenched his hands, feeling uneasy, not being able to do anything.
When the audience was seated, they continued to buzz excitedly among one another and were pulling out their cell phones to take video or pictures of them.
All of this worry was what led to Tony debating whether his past dilemma with Peter or his current dilemma with Steve was harder because he liked distractions that made him contemplate and put off things for a really, really long time.
That fear evolved into fascination. There was someone like him an equal in all rights. She could match him in strength, skill, and wit. She was perfect. Natasha came to the same conclusion and… they easily fell in love.
“Have you never seen the way Natasha reacts around Bucky?” Bruce asked, raising a single eyebrow.
He felt Tony's lips twitch into a smile against his neck and he began to focus more of his attention on Steve’s chest.
”There’s no way in hell that’s happening,” Bucky growled.
Tony had refused to call his father “dad” as a young adult and, as they were interacting, the name came out from habit.
The others laughed at him as he marched over to Tony but Steve smiled at his friend, grateful for his nurturing albeit concerned nature. Bucky pulled Tony out of the tent and whispered to him, probably telling him off for being such a civilian. In moments, Tony’s tent was down and they were working together to get it rolled up.
hope you are right!” Steve gasped.
Tony smiled back at Steve and whispered, “So does that mean I can call you my fiancé?”
They were hiding something.
“I'll get it,” Steve murmured and lightly kissed Tony's cheek before slipping out of the bed.
Tony’s hands were running up and down his sides and methodically cupping his ass with appreciative hands. Steve’s hands were everywhere. Cupping Tony’s face closer to his, sliding down his torso, and pulling his body up to meet Steve’s.
“Alright…I need you to hold me now,” Tony stated, the tears already dripping from his eyes.
“That does not change the fact that Barnes is unstable and loves you,” Tony retorted. “What if he forces himself on you?”
Happy opened the front door and reminded him, "Southwest corner."
“Steve…” Tony sighed, pulling on his hand again. When Steve’s glassy gaze met his, Tony whispered, “Hold me.”
A number of emotions went through him but he stayed rooted to where he was sitting and strangled his fingers together. Steve walked over to him in concern and Tony watched every movement like a frightened animal.
How much time had passed?
Tony’s smile widened and he whispered, “I’ll never get tired of hearing that.” He leaned down and Steve stretched his neck to accept the quick peck on the lips from Tony. Tony replied in a hushed but devoted voice, “I love you too.”
Tony fell asleep in the workshop. He had a cot there and clonked out on it but not before reminding Bucky he should sleep in his room when he grew tired. Yet, when Tony woke the next day, Bucky was still in the workshop and researching on the holograms.
Tony had been hinting Steve let the doctors look at him ever since they arrived at SHIELD medical. They got him as far as the bed in the medical unit before he started to refuse treatment. Treatment would mean Peter would have to leave his arms and that was the last thing that was going to happen.
“I love you too, Peter.”
With hooded eyes, Steve's gaze rose and returned to Tony's eyes. He leaned down and Tony's heart started beating at an accelerated pace. This couldn’t be real. Tony had to be dreaming...
Steve blinked. That was not the reaction he was expecting! Tony was jumping up and down babbling excitedly and Steve watched him ruefully.
Tony never took one. He was too much of a coward.
Tony rubbed his back to try to comfort him and even pressed a kiss into his forehead like his mother used to when he cried as a child.
“Wade?” Peter said with concern, cupping his boyfriend’s cheek.
??” Howard repeated madly.
They hadn’t gone straight to the Tower, however, and drove out to an open field. There they called out to Thor, asking for more Asgardian liquor. They did it more for a laugh than for actual results…but Thor showed up in a bright beam of light wearing an equally bright smile and holding two sealed barrels. From there they went to the Tower and the rest of the night was iffy.
That tension was released when she saw Ben.
Steve was the first to wake, making Tony be immersed in darkness again.
With his heart rate slowly starting to rise, Steve was finally able to fully wake and remember. He was supposed to die in the plane crash and he seemed to be in some kind of recovery room but…none of his friends were there. The Commandos would’ve done like they had with Tony’s illness and stayed beside him in shifts to be there for him when he woke.
He didn’t know what to do or how to react to the overt sexual move. He was still getting used to the fact that he was actively seeing a man now. He liked kissing Wade but he knew he wasn’t ready for sex yet. Wade was amazing but…Peter dropped his forehead onto Wade’s chest to hide his embarrassment and murmured, “Can…Can we take this slower?”
“And how was Wade?” Steve casually asked.
Yet, just as he was about to swallow a green-eyed woman, he was hit from behind by the Thunder God.
He hadn’t spoken to Steve or Bucky since the day the future had changed and he missed their friendship most of all…Steve especially.
“He is in the kitchen side-yard and has asked not to be disturbed,” Jarvis retorted briskly.
without Peter…” Steve countered, lightly stroking the side of Tony’s face. His voice dropped below a whisper and he hovered closer to him, their faces only centimeters apart as he said, “Tony, I want to save Peter from anymore suffering. If Bruce and Mary find a cure then they can use it on me but if not…if not – then I will sacrifice myself for him.”
Steve swooped in past Bucky without another word. He had Tony in his arms and was running toward Howard’s tent before the rest of the team could react.
And all that blood coming out of him.
It took both of them a minute to realize the doors to the elevator had opened. In the time it took for them to reach Tony’s floor, his jacket and both of their shirts were on the ground and Tony had unbuckled Steve’s belt.
“Peter is stronger than he looks,” Vision stated, floating forward. The android waved his hand and the connection to Brock was muted, to Tony he said, “Your son is not an average human. He can handle levels which most humans would not be able to survive.”
Wade’s tears fell freely, thinking he was going to have to watch her take Peter from him with no way to stop her. She picked up Wade’s hand and all feeling left it as her touch leeched the life out of it. She pressed Wade’s hand over one of the wounds on Peter’s upper chest, careful not to touch the younger man.
“Bruce, I know you work best in silence but, please, say something, the suspense is killing me!” Tony gasped, stating the very thoughts running through Steve’s head.
“Whoa,” Wade whispered and Peter chuckled.
Tony made a choking noise and then shuddered against Steve with his release. As his shudders dwindled, he sunk further onto Steve until he was nothing but a heavy mass sitting on top of him. But his hand remained between them and he continued to jerk Steve off until he came too.
He never imagined it ending like this…
Steve grinned ruefully and said, “I’m sorry to disappoint you, Marston, but I’m not here to talk about Peter.”
Peter laughed aloud at the bad flirting and curled onto his side, smiling at his phone.
"I love you too, punk," Bucky whispered, leaning into him. He pulled Steve into a half hug and repeated, "Love ya too."
“Jarvis already gave me their address. I just don’t know how I am going to explain this all to them…” Steve said. He faced the polar bear too and adjusted Peter in his arms so his son could keep watching the bear as it swam.
The intruder took another step toward him and Howard couldn’t move. He felt trapped. This man had no life in his eyes. What was he capable of? What did he want? What was he doing here??
Bruce reached over and lightly rubbed his shoulder. He murmured, “He’ll come back.”
Ben continued to lead him even in his apartment and sat him down on the couch. Steve flinched as he touched the soft cushions. He and Tony sat on the same sofa and held each other innumerable times. He almost lost his virginity to Tony on this couch. He will never again cuddle with him on the couch, kiss him on the couch, or even see him simply lounge on the couch. He felt his heart break all over again.
Steve murmured, “I’m sure whatever is going through that big, glorious brain of yours is absolutely right, dear.”
Tony gulped and looked up at Steve. His blue eyes were clouded with concern and his touch was tender and loving. Tony felt his eyes prickle at his loss. Why did he keep him at such a distance? Why did he let this happen? Tony gulped deeply and whispered, “We need to end this. No more fuck buddies. J-Just friends. Okay?”
“Where’s Peter?” Steve asked, glancing around them in concern. He still wasn’t used to his son joining them on Avenger missions. As soon as he escaped his view, Steve assumed the worst.
Tony knew this already, but it still excited him to hear Steve say it. He tucked his head against Steve’s shoulder and replied, “This is your hourly reminder that I love you, beloved.”
. Most of the Commandos were silent but would randomly exchange a word or a joke or two with quiet, muffled voices.
Someone was shaking him, but Steve didn’t notice. His life and vision had narrowed to where his hands gripped the cold ground where the love of his life once lay. But now the space was a horrible void just like the empty feeling in his chest.
“Cap?”
Alarms were blaring, bullets were bouncing off his skin, people were yelling and screaming all around him, and the newly built building of SHIELD HQ was crumbling beneath the Goblin’s fists.
Tony cuddled into his fiancé’s side watching Pepper as she wildly worked her magic. She had one phone up to her ear, another in her hand, and her other hand was hurriedly writing down something.
Jarvis expanded the image before him and it was overlaid with his father’s notes and measurements.
“H-How?”
. I just want to have my family, it’s all I ever dreamed about…”
Tony relaxed significantly and murmured, “Okay, good. Yeah, give me the good stuff, Jones.” He held his arm out to Gabe who proceeded to inject the drug into the appendage.
But he trusted Cable. He was going to save Tony after all.
Eventually the demeaning process was over and Steve was uneasy again. Could his alibi hold up against DNA in a trial? What if Tyler said she made a mistake about the date and his alibi crumbled?
Tony stepped away from the sink and ran his hands through his hair. He could not help but remember Steve’s fingers massaging his scalp and he shuddered.
Steve grinned and was excited by her curiosity. He dived into his explanation with enthusiasm. Tony grinned fondly at him and grasped Steve’s arm as he talked about their son.
Hello, sorry for the two week hiatus but I’m back and finishing this puppy up!
"You and Peter share similar DNA and we have proof that Venom can survive off you…the symbiote will most likely take a willing host over an unwilling host. Sacrifice yourself and Venom will free Peter.”
“He probably use it as the perfect excuse to disinherit me,” Tony scoffed and the pleasant feeling from the labor dwindled as he thought about the man who barely raised him. He sighed and looked up to the Mark III’s face shield. He thought back to the other day in Galmara and of the relief and thanks the villagers expressed after he saved them.
“Thank you for coming out here and waiting, Happy,” Steve said graciously. He would be sure to thank Tony later too.
“Whoa, that’s
I’m here!”
“Let’s turn him around,” Clint grunted, kneeling next to Tony’s other side. “I’ve got his torso.”
Tony’s eyes twinkled and he stopped what he was doing to lean into Steve’s side. He placed a single finger on Steve’s jaw and pulled him in to kiss him…but not before he whispered into Steve’s mouth, “…that I love you.”
Steve growled, “You have five seconds to start explaining yourself or I am going to forcibly remove you from the property and into the hands of SHIELD.”
He burst into the lab and broke the door off its hinges as he slammed it open.
“Yeah, just my ego’s damaged,” Tony retorted. “This was not how I imagined my first outing with the Commandos…”
“Speak with our psychiatrist, let us draw some blood, and get a full workup on you,” Coulson said, the Captain’s reply was encouraging. The Captain nodded and Coulson jumped to his feet and before he could change his mind, stated, “Alright, we’ll bring in the psychiatrist right now.”
“Yes, Vision is bypassing the moon as we speak,” the AI retorted.
Even though Tony felt
Meeting Mary was more nerve wracking than him and Tony coming out to the public and sending Peter to his first day of school alone
, actually,” Peter countered.
Steve crossed the room and cupped his face as he placed a gentle kiss upon Tony’s lips.
Did that just really happen?
And, boy, did his chest ache.
“…Steve?” He asked cautiously.
"Out of all of it, what would you want to tell him the most?"
Bucky whispered, “We should go…limiting ourselves interacting with Sneaky will probably help…”
Finally, Tony replied in a breathless gasp, “Yes, yes, yes! Do I have to sign something to make this official? Someone give me a pen!”
Peter tightened his hold on the beaker and asked, “Friday?”
“Deal,” Natasha stated immediately.
They stopped a few more times to pick up more passengers and Steve tensed every time they came on, but no one bothered him. Night fell and he was given a boxed dinner. He watched a documentary about animals of North America and fell asleep to it.
But Bucky eventually cleared his throat, a sign the time had come.
“Tha-Tha…” The imposter struggled for words.
“You-You’re asking me to change myself! You’re asking me to destroy another aspect of me from my era!
Steve clutched his face with a moan. Why did he keep dreaming of
“For now, Shellhead,” Steve whispered dryly, squeezing his hand one last time before letting go. Tony smirked at the retort but pressed Steve into a full embrace and held his friend all the tighter. Steve returned the hold with a content sigh.
Her onetime teacher was a man of little words. He did not lament his soulmate trying to kill him. Nor did he demand reasoning to her actions. He too crouched into a stance and then propelled himself forward with the knife raised.
Taking the cue, Steve said to Gibbons, “I have to confirm some things with Sneaky. Why don’t you find the rest of the guys in your battalion and see how they’re doing? I’ll catch up with you later.”
was a superhero like him. Who needed DNA tests? The kid was practically his clone!
With Jarvis offline and none of his friends knowing the situation he was in…it was all just – futile.
Tony grinned and said, “This guy could have stolen all of my technology but there’s one thing the Avenger's have that he will never have…”
,” Tony rasped in demand, shakily cupping the side of his face.
Bouncing the boy on his hip, Tony moaned, “What are we doing wrong?”
, was his instant thought but he knew it would not be a good reply.
Peter smiled warmly at the men as they shared a private moment, imagining their honeymoon. He aspired to have the relationship they shared and he and Wade created something very similar. In the years to come, he could easily envision himself sinking into Wade’s arms and being happy from just imagining spending time with him and only him. Wade wasn’t just the love of his life. He was his best friend.
Tony nodded in agreement and asked, “What's the damage so far?”
Bucky and Steve looked at each other in disgust and said together, “
before. Don’t ask him to go through more traumas before he’s even on his feet yet. Natasha…If you ever considered me something more than your boss or assignment…please, give Steve this chance. Don’t tell Coulson. Don’t tell SHIELD.”
long before me. And you are in a relationship with Tony and everyone could see you two are crazy about each other but you still went to James! God, why shouldn’t I be pissed? At you for existing and being so stupid and at him for loving you more than me!? He probably never even loved me.” She spun around and faced the elevator and hissed, “Let me go.”
“I’m calling in my favor,” Natasha stated solemnly and the archer paled.
He'd been worried how lunch would go, but, with Natasha and Bucky there,  attentions were divided. Even though they sat next to each other Tony and Wade were cordial. They even shared small talk which practically blew Peter's mind. Both Wade and Tony were trying and Peter felt overjoyed by it.
When Peter came to, he was bound with bent and broken steel beams and couldn’t move an inch. They were in an empty warehouse and it was bitterly cold.
His fathers laughed harder and Peter felt a smile tug at his lips.
“Whatever he came for, whether he got it or not, he will mess up,” Bucky stated. “They always mess up.”
Their eyes broke only once the shooting stopped and Dum Dum yelled out victoriously. Steve lifted his head and looked around them. The fighting had stopped. It looked like the Commandos were victorious again. He looked back to Tony and murmured, “It looks like it’s safe to get up.”
“You’re going
The time traveling loop is almost complete! Thank you for reading! :)
“My own personal Cinderella,” Wade sighed.
“A blocker?” Tony whispered and looked to Steve. Steve knew he thought the same thing as Tony. Could this new player be the one who hired the Chameleon?
“Steve, you said you’d never sleep with
“The Hulk cage is on the balcony,” Bruce stated.
“You’re surreal,” Wade mimicked with a purr.
Tony heard two beeps as Jarvis tried to access the information and failed. The AI stated, “I am unable to access the data. All information not pertinent to the running of the suit seems to be gone.”
!” Steve hissed, trying to regain his attention.
Venom sat on him, disguised as a black sweater. Peter had used it to cross the city in his Spidey uniform and it worked marvelously…which probably added onto his lateness because he paused a few times to pose with some tourists.
“…Alright, but as soon as we have a location on Venom –,” Steve began.
Gabe slowly walked up to the table, his eyes locked on the light on Tony’s chest, but, as he took his place by the table. He began to look at the rest of him. He lightly touched one of the bigger veins and, with the sudden burst of pain, Tony hissed, “Oh –! That’s sensitive!”
Whatever that meant made Friday set off the priority alarm and the security shutters began to lower.
Worst of all, in all that time, the Mark 15 hadn’t changed.
“You destroyed my life,” Tony hissed and hit the symbiote with a quick, single blast from both his hands. It let out a groaning shriek and tried to crawl faster. Tony walked with it, easily keeping pace, and continued, “You tortured and killed my son.” He hit the symbiote again, it faltered in its crawling, and its entire body shuddered and warped into itself. The symbiote collapsed, writhing. Tony watched it struggle for a moment and then promised in a growl, “And now, I am going to kill you.”
Before Steve could fathom his curse, Bucky leaned down and kissed Natasha. Natasha jerked in his hold, the smile falling off her face and her eyes narrowing with fury.
“Yes, Master Parker.”
homosexual?”
“Crap…” Tony murmured. The picture was of Steve hyperventilating, his face stark with shock and Tony holding his hands and looking scared as he stared at Steve.
Wade grinned cheekily at him and pinched his thigh as he sat down next to him.
Steve sat in the chair next to Pepper to explain and they dropped the SHIELD subject as Pepper demanded more information on Steve’s history.
“I know you aren’t, ya punk,” Uncle Bucky retorted with exasperation. “You are as stubborn as your
Steve crumpled in on himself and just screamed. The sound tore at his throat as it displayed all his horror and pain. The scream was continued until there was no more breath left in his lungs and he curled into a ball with a whimper. His entire body felt like a horrible prison, punishing his soul with this burning pain. It took home several large, gasping breaths for Steve to regain control of his body.
Tony snorted and Bucky glared at both of them before finally grabbing Natasha’s hand and shaking it.
Steve got to his feet and wobbled a little as he gasped,
Steve and Thor ran to them as Hulk tossed Tony to the ground. His heart felt like it was lodged in his throat, watching the way his soulmate’s body flopped.
“I remember you telling me that I couldn’t have kids with a man,” Steve retorted dryly, making Bucky chuckle.
Natasha pulled out the stool next to him and sat on it. She stabbed a few leaves violently, drawing Steve’s attention.
Rogers' jaw clenched immediately and Peter’s Sipdey-Sense went haywire for half a second. He was about to push himself away from the table when it suddenly stopped. Rogers inhaled deeply and then exhaled very slowly and his jaw relaxed.
Starting with this chapter, I will begin to use multiple POVs. With the way this story will go I will need more than Steve's POV!
“Hello,” Steve greeted her pleasantly with a small smile.
Steve strolled in, fresh from a shower. His very presence relieved some of his stress. Tony reached out to him and Steve wordlessly fell into his side. More stress melted away and Tony sighed into Steve's shoulder.
Steve felt jittery. He needed to go to Tony and Fury must’ve noticed as he said, “You want to go right to him?”
He stepped out of the elevator and immediately pinpointed the sound of Stark and Potts whispering urgently to each other in the other room. His eyes quickly ran over the penthouse, looking for changes since he was last there. All the ceiling lights were installed and working now, a couch sat where particle board was once stacked, and there was a large pair of sneakers sitting by the elevator doors.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve whispered back fervently. Steve leaned into Tony, hopping to let some of the embarrassed heat he was radiating seep into Tony, but he found his soulmate to be just as warm as he was. He looked more closely at Tony and saw that he was also nervous. He was clenching his jaw and his eyes revealed the fear he was trying to hide.
The systems finally completed and Tony held his breath.
“Not great?” Steve echoed with concern.
, Tony hadn’t known that too but this was the first time he’d ever seen the Winter Soldier show emotion toward the woman he was mated to. It was surprising to say in the least…
Jarvis directed him to a broom and Steve was able to sweep up most of the glass by the time Tony woke.
“No promises, Cap,” Tony replied jollily and he kissed Steve a second time before pulling himself out of Steve’s grasp and leaving.
Later, hours into the night and Tony’s musings, the lights in their room turned on and the alarm started to go off.
And maybe he will start to remember.
It must have shown because Howard sighed heavily and grumbled, “You’re hurting right now and I am sorry for you. I too am grieving for Barnes but I know it’s nowhere near the extent you are…but, I’m right, aren’t I?”
He thought…he thought since Tony had still been alive when he snapped…
The Soldier did not reply. It was not a part of the directive to communicate with the target.
imagined himself in this situation. It was reckless to even consider it. He was torn, wanting to be with Steve and wanting to protect the future as well.
That knife in his heart was twisting and thrusting all over his chest. His emotions were going haywire and…and Steve loved him? Like in love – love?
“The Chameleon was ‘Dr. Susan Calvin.’ He ran off as soon as Venom ate you.
Tony’s stomach dropped. Sensitive information? What was wrong with Steve? He was going to die, wasn’t he? Tony killed him. He killed Steve. He was going to be sick.
Alex got more impatient every hour that passed, Rey more moody and distracted- the third time she burned herself, Tony threw her out of the lab and banned her from working in it “
Oh God, Alex
She had to create new memories, if she wanted to be okay there, in that beautiful, peaceful world.
“Yours is in war,” Natasha assumed.
your kids.”
“She’s in the lab,” Alex said and went to the kitchen, to take a drink from the fridge. He had started acting more and more like it was the house he left years before, the one he missed so badly, and it was weird and it made him feel guilty, but it was nice at the same time.
“Miss Potts will be here in… Now, sir.”
Everyone stilled.
Thor nodded. “Yeah, it’s a monarchy.”
Rey, in particular, had her mouth slightly open. She was trying to talk again - and they all wondered how her voice would have been. But she did not speak; it was a painful scene to watch. All Steve wanted to do, at that point, was hold her and make sure she was okay. However, she was looking at Tony, tears in her eyes.
“Of what?” Steve exclaimed; he didn’t like not knowing what was going on. How was he supposed to protect the team if he didn’t have all the information?
“Excuse me,” Tony snapped, only half joking, “they deserve an entire show! And a beautiful season finale.”
made him sick. He was done.
“I think I’ve something to do with their style,” Natasha mumbled after a while.
They shared a look and he bit his lips. “The least she can do is try.”
need him to let The Hulk out!” she shouted, trying to overhang the noise.
“Yeah, we do,” Tony replied, refusing to stop looking at Rey and, above all, at Alex. “Com’on. Let’s go back to the Tower. You still owe us your story,” he winked.
Then maybe it’s worth it, don’t you think?,
“Sam!” Sam cried, hugging himself. “I missed you so much, man! Me too! How was the mission? Oh, you know, same old bloody stuff, but the thought of coming back to you… Oh, Sam, you’re so sweet! I love you so much, Sa-”
“We’re dead,” Natasha stated.
“Yeah.”
“We have your back.”
Pietro thought about it for a second, before letting him go - if
“What’s the problem, Darce?” Bucky asked sitting down by her side.
In their favor, Natasha was kind of tired too - in a good way.
They stopped when they reached some of the Avengers, who had SHIELD by their side and who were talking to the reporters. The Sinister Six were nowhere to be seen, except for Electro, who was being handcuffed in that exact second. An agent took him away, but Alex didn’t really care about him - he just wanted to see his sister.
The fact is, Tony mused, that they really look like superheroes.
” his voice was shouted, high in panic, and the sound of the city almost disappeared under his fear. “The Green Goblin has Gwen!”
She nodded.
“It doesn’t matter,” Bruce intervened, walking into the room with a weird look in his eyes. Rey, behind him, was on the verge of tears. “It’s not her fault,” he added for her benefit.
Steve sighed and made sure the scientist was in SHIELD’s hands, smiling at Tony who was taking care of the press, helped by Natasha. Thor was waving at everyone he found cheering and Clint was collecting every arrow that had survived the fight. Bruce was already on the Quinjet, with tea in his hands and a blanket on his shoulders.
He looked up from his breakfast and found Rey staring at him, smiling sweetly.
Spider-man gave his location and Iron Man, Captain America and Thor ran there; they considered that the Avengers all weren’t needed and so they sent only the ones capable of flying. Steve, who hugged Tony during the flight, went mostly as a figure - you wouldn’t guess how many people gave up under Captain America’s “
“Don’t,” she stepped back. “Alex does it.”
The other nodded quickly. It would’ve been an abomination.
“You know, you never told us where you were staying, in the other universe,” Jane wondered before taking a huge bite of spaghetti.
“They are getting in the elevator on the common floor right now, sir.”
“Well, there was Bobby. He was a mutant, he was going to Xavier’s school, but aunt Nat and uncle Clint had basically adopted him. He had a great power,” he smiled to himself, lost in his memories. “He disappeared not long after uncle Clint. Aunt Nat was…”
Ignoring him, Alex turned to smile at Rey. “I’m damn proud of you, you know that, right?”
“You talked,” he murmured, shocked as she was. “Y-you talked! You haven’t done that in years, years! I ca-can’t believe it. You talked!” he shouted, jumping on his feet and forcing Rey to stand up as well.
