"I'm sorry," Steve says immediately. Shit, this never gets any easier.
Steve blinks at the ceiling, unsure if he heard right, or words simply stopped making sense after orgasm number five.
"Good evening," Steve says politely to the middle-aged woman at whose arm Amelia is now clutching.
"And it
i’ll just have to work harder then. get more practice. wanna take one for the team and help me out with that?
Steve is sitting in a sixty-million-dollar penthouse with his tuxedo shirt's sleeves rolled up, opposite Anthony Stark, watching baseball and eating his weight in freshly-grilled buffalo wings. His life is… difficult to explain. Yet Steve feels a thousand times more relaxed than he had earlier in the evening, swirling his beer and arguing with Tony over pitcher stats while Tony growls and pulls up a transparent work board he quickly fills with equations drawn with a stylus he digs out from under a couch cushion.
"Oh boy," Steve mutters through the smile he plastered to his face. "See you later."
" Katya murmurs drowsily, blowing him a kiss as Steve salutes her with two fingers and lets himself out, pausing outside Katya's door to make sure it's locked and to push the folded bills into his back pocket.
Steve sighs, heavy with irony. "I sincerely doubt that, Mister Stark," he says, as vacantly as he can make it. This is really not the time to bait the man – if a time like that ever exists. "In any case, I am told that my mother was a product of a surrogate and Captain Rogers' frozen semen."
"I am going to fuck you cross-eyed," Tony states, one hand closing on Steve's thigh and feeling up the muscle.
"Do it, do it, fuck me," he repeats, just about the only words he can still muster. It just, it feels
"I'm gonna burst in two and die in a minute, but I have to finish this sauce," he moans, mopping up the edges of his plate with a leftover hunk of garlic bread. With his other hand, he pulls out his phone and taps it. "JARVIS, make a note of this place. They deliver."
"I should go," he says, patting his pockets for his keys and phone and picking up his jacket off the back of the couch. "Thank you for... a wonderful evening." He smiles at Tony, who has also risen like the polite host he's emulating.
Dear Tony,
Steve Rogers."
cool. :)
"This is me," he says, unlocking the front door and leading the way up three floors to a front door painted the same lime green as the bar he works behind. He unlocks that, too, and pushes it open, waiting for Steve to walk through before closing it and locking it again.
"What the fuck," Tony explodes. "Really?
Steve groans, leaning into the couch cushions. "He's probably a billionaire," he corrects absently, trying to shake the melancholy that crept up on him when he wasn't looking. He can't even blame it on the alcohol. His life sucks. "So, so smart. Real easy on the eye. But he's not mine, not even close. I mean, he's... And I'm... well." He spreads his arms, looking down at himself. "He's just having fun, chasing something that won't fall into his lap right off the bat. I'm having fun, too, so I shouldn't complain. I'll take what I can get."
Laeticia rolls off him and flops over onto her back, breathing hard. Steve doesn't feel any calmer himself. He throws out an arm hopefully. Laeticia takes the invitation with a smile tinged with gratitude, curling closer against his side. They come down together, a little too warm in the humid air but deliciously languid and sated. Laeticia tugs the condom off him, rolls away to drop it into a wastebasket on the other side of her nightstand, then rolls back into him with a contented sigh.
this isnt abt txt spk weve had this convo b4. neway english is a living language tht evolves
The way his own dick jumps at the sensations crashing over him, he thinks he definitely has a few questions answered already. When he puts his hands on Tarren's back, pulling him closer, Tarren groans into his mouth, low and rumbling, and oh.
why do i keep doing this to myself, why, you never, you - you don’t think i can feel things, is that it? you think i’m a fucking robot? i just build them, you asshat, i have feelings, i’m not made of stone. this is last year all over again. have you learned nothing? does nothing penetrate that thick skull of yours? is barnes the only person you can feel empathy for???
Steve grits his teeth and tells himself he absolutely is not going to cry. He honestly hadn't realised how much it had been weighing on him, that the thought of going into an orphanage or the hospital to ask about volunteering made him break out in cold sweat and gave him the kind of shakes that dumped him flat on his ass. He's been trying to be patient with himself, but it has been a struggle. To hear Sam explain it so logically and succinctly, without it giving him the slightest pause – it makes Steve feel a little less broken.
Steve nods gratefully, fidgeting with his phone before huffing a sigh and tapping on dial.
"It's not my night for throwing stones," Steve confesses. "My own judgement has been well below par."
Something about what Tony said lodges uncomfortably in Steve's chest. He desperately, achingly wants to just say yes, to jump at this chance and let himself fall into the growing warmth between them - but.
about Balthamos, and moreover, has some further insights to impart that leave Steve blushing a fiery red but undeniably intrigued. Star then links him to a couple of books that would have been burnt in a pyre in Steve's time, and also to the unbelievable bounty of webcomics. Steve is enthralled. The level of skill of these young people is unbelievable – and to think, they do all of this for free, because they want to share something with the world and they feel strongly enough about it to put it out there, risking criticism and worse. Steve shyly contacts the writer of Gunnerkrigg Court to gush about how beautiful the art is and ask about the drawing medium. His list for the next time he visits Sonika grows exponentially.
"Put that woebegone face away. If he can't see what a fucking catch you are, he's the one who doesn't deserve you."
My stupid eyes hurt again. I’ve started having trouble seeing. You think it’s time for an eye-check? I’d look quite distinguished in glasses, i think. For now, the sunglasses help a little with the glare.
"Just a handful of people know the truth. Almost all of them are SHIELD personnel, present or former. And you."
"Poor baby," Steve soothes, getting up and cracking his fingers. "Let me help you out with that."
how you have a 4.0 in eng lit i will never understand
"Good practice, Rogers. You're getting pretty good at the stretches, but next time, let's see how you do in the twists, huh?"
BUCKY
Steve… wants to argue, but. Phil has a point. He does have a type - hyper-competent, effortlessly confident charming assholes with a hint of vulnerability and a good heart under the hard shell make him a little weak at the knees. He slowly lifts an eyebrow at Phil as he sips his drink, and watches in delight as Phil blushes across the bridge of his nose.
job of that).
The bar, when he gets to it, is well-lit, furnished in shades of metallic dark-grey and neon – lime, orange, blue, pink. The tables and chairs are metal and plexiglass, and it's nothing like Steve is used to, but it's so perfectly the future, this future, that he finds it's easy to let go of the memories of dance halls and jazz orchestras as he makes his way to the see-through lime-green plastic bar. The short black man behind it looks him up and down, and grins with all of his perfect white teeth.
Yikes. Does Steve come clean about seeing Tony again? Can he take another of Phil's rants right now, amusing as they always are?
"And what a living you must make. Better get yourself a corporate accountant; I can recommend a firm I outsource, they'll save you a fortune in taxes."
Dear Tony,
"You bet against me?" Steve demands, outraged.
you’re nowhere near as cute as your robot friend.
"Not a word," he warns, sniffling as Sam snorts at him. It's... it's just a beautiful scene, is all.
...so what
gotta tell ya u do a great enough job of that urself there fella
Dear Tony,
But i can’t help but consider that i’ll call you, and you’ll pick up, and you’ll say, “What do you want, Tony?” with that weary benevolence/irritation you master so well, and i’ll want to fucking shoot myself. I’d wish i’d never called, if that was what i’d hear over and over again until i’d convince myself that the lab is the only place i can be alive, be me. The bots are the only people who would be ok with my presence. The only people i won’t irritate, who won’t just tolerate me.
aguyfrombrooklyn: That's good advice, Star, thanks. Don't know who I can trust with this, though.
Howard Stark's parents were first-wave Italian immigrants.
"Yeah, just like that, baby," Shawn says, winding one hand into Steve's hair and pulling a little, and sweat prickles over Steve's shoulders. His dick jumps against the scratchy blankets on Shawn's bed.
"I aim to please, sir," Steve tries, yelping at the end as Pentecost grabs him by his jacket and drags him further inside the apartment, pushing him over the back of his massive couch just the way Steve had hoped. Thick fingers open his jeans and drag them off his ass, and the sharp hiss of Pentecost's breath when he sees the plug makes Steve grin in triumph.
Steve smiles back, oddly comforted. The conversation drifts again as more people come up to the bar and join the impromptu real-life chatroom. Steve feels a warm sense of achievement. He did that. He stood there and made himself open and approachable, and people came to him, and met other new friends, too. Emboldened, he wades in on someone's wrong opinion about baseball, and laughs good-naturedly when it earns him a punch in the arm from a mock-glaring lady in inky-blue jeans and sparkling heels. The people around him laugh, too. It feels fucking great. Steve wonders if Phil would maybe like to come with him next time. The fella seems so stressed and unhappy these days. Letting loose a little feels like it would be a real good thing for him.
"Thanks," he replies quietly. "But I'm really not. I can't get her knee right at all."
"Beam us up, JARVIS," he instructs while one of his hands insinuates itself under Steve's jacket, sliding hot and covetous over the front of his shirt.
thanking
"Art should be allowed to breathe," Tony says. "Be a part of people's lives. Otherwise what's the point of it, stuck behind a six-inch-thick vault door?"
Tony scrunches his nose. "It's not cute, it's… a code flaw, is what it is. I can't believe he thought talking back to his creator would be a good idea."
Steve yanks his thoughts back from whence they had wandered. Getting hard in a public place is not something he wants to have to deal with. But the seed of the idea has been planted. Idleness is not something Steve is made for, and while his days have been full of late, it's the times in between, when he catches himself staring out of his living room windows and wondering if running thirty extra miles is a viable option for the afternoon, that Steve wants to eliminate if at all possible.
The next morning, the doorbell distracts him from the sketchbook bent over his knee as he traces dark lines against the pristine sheet, shading in a goatee with more care than he intends to admit to. He isn't expecting anyone, so he peers through the spyhole before pulling the door open and staring at a UPS guy with a huge package in front of him. It's got the House & Home logo stamped all over it. Steve didn't order anything to be delivered, did—
"Yeah. Better. Thanks."
Tony, apparently, isn't inclined to leave it at that. He nudges his shoe gently against Steve's foot. "Come on, Steve. You gotta have something to say. You always do."
"But you don't know that for sure, do you?" Steve smirks. "However did you resist hacking my classified file?"
After that night, it's like a dam breaks. Katya must have given his number to a couple of her friends, and they must do the same after Steve takes them out, because all of a sudden, Steve is finding his nights pretty full. He hasn't even been back to the Library in over two weeks, that's how much business he's getting. He goes and buys several more suits, splurges a little on the tailoring and watches women's (and men's) eyes travel over him like they want to eat him alive. When he mentions this to Star, he sends him a
Pentecost shudders against Steve's back. The sound of a zip being lowered fills the room, loud even with their laboured breathing. Then plastic is being torn open, and the plug inside Steve is jostled before Pentecost tugs it out, fingers catching on Steve's sensitive rim. Steve squeezes his eyes shut and his hands into fists, whimpering from the torrent of sensation. His ass clenches on nothing when it's emptied, but then,
"There's only burger joints and diners around here," Steve cautions, which gets Tony looking at him like a curious alien specimen.
its the PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
wht i WANTED to say was
"Beautiful," Steve murmurs, looking down at the veritable feast before him. He traces his fingers over Tony's strong collarbone, the hollow of his throat. He leans in to press a kiss to the vulnerable skin, and Tony sighs, going pliant against him.
no its not bad
"Obviously," Steve echoes dryly, stretching his arms over his head just to watch Tony's eyes trace over him.
"Can I ask you something?" he says, once he's around halfway through the cup.
"It's a date," he says, clapping his hands. "JARVIS, mail him the details. Pick you up at seven?"
It has occurred to Steve that being taken for a ride might be all this is going to end up as. That Tony will have his fun, drive him home like the gentleman his mother taught him to be, and wave merrily as he roars off into the sunset. And if that's what happens, that would be okay. Steve is certainly not going to be left crying into his handkerchief. So he might as well take full advantage of this while it lasts.
"Awesome. See you later, sweetpea!"
He hasn't gone six steps before he hears the telltale
Regards,
"Mmm. It's good to be home," Tony murmurs against his throat, placing a last kiss that makes Steve shiver delicately before he steps back.
"Sure," Barton agrees. "As long as you stop boning my handler."
The lobby of the building is brightly lit and full of milling people in evening dress. Steve recognises a few of them through sheer exposure. He supposes most of New York City's elite spend a lot of time with each other for company; he has seen most of these people at other events he's attended. He wonders what they think of him – a rich playboy? A boy toy to wealthy patrons? Not that it matters to him one whit. He's just curious as to how his carefully tailored persona comes across.
At the bottom of the bag, there is one last cushion, a graphic print with the words
Steve doesn't speak for a few moments, trying to figure out what Shawn means, then wanting to be sure he knows what he's being asked.
These are clearly his people. He smiles and shakes hands while Erie orders her girl a gimlet martini with three olives. Frieda tells him she is a financial analyst; unable to help his curiosity, Steve asks how she and Erie met, and watches in wide-eyed fascination as Frieda raises her grey pinstripe skirt to show off her gorgeous watercolour rose tattoo.
"And this is Sam," Yingtai says.
YOU. YOU FUCKING - HOW COULD YOU. I SHOULD’VE KNOWN/ I WASN’T GOING CRAZY.
who evn r u
. It always feels good, but there's something about this encounter that is making Steve feel overheated, needy and close to begging for more of everything – Tony's touch, the delicious sensation of Tony's dick filling him up, the sound of Tony's heavy breathing and choked-off groans. He shifts, bringing his legs up and bracing them on Tony's shoulders, opening himself up completely for the invasion.
For all that the apartment is high up, Steve is pleased to find a lack of oppressive silence. The neighbourhood is busy and vibrant; from the car, Steve had spotted several cafes and grocery stores and even an art store that he is dying to visit – tomorrow. Dusk is just starting to fall, and it's not like Steve has had a particularly strenuous day, but he feels... exhausted. Drained like he has spent hours wading through hostile terrain instead of taking a ride with his only friend this side of the new millennium. He changes into a t-shirt and boxer shorts (he can't sleep bare-chested anymore. It feels like sheets of ice envelop him even under a whole pile of blankets), to the sight of the surrounding blocks lighting up like jewels in the fading light. There is a warmth here that Steve is so relieved hasn't entirely gone out of the world, that he has to work hard not to cry. It can't be that bad, this new world, if this kind of warmth still exists somewhere in it.
"Cool," Shawn says. He sounds a little dazed.
But he has a different purpose tonight, which he is reminded of when he hears Katya's low laughter somewhere behind Pentecost's shoulder. He shakes his head a little to clear it, then reaches into his inner breast pocket.
"I did," Steve agrees, taking a deep breath to shake back the edges of despair that try to swallow him. "I can't talk about it though."
My apologies for the inconvenience. My current digital assistant has grossly overstepped her boundaries. Please disregard whatever communication you received.
"How?" Tony demands.
"Sergeant Steve Rogers, this is JARVIS, my AI butler."
"Of course, Sir," Jarvis says over Steve's feeble protests. He really is starved, he should have eaten more before he left for the party but his life drawing class was running late. "Any food allergies, intolerance, or preferences?"
So that's how he ends up at Burger King at nine-thirty on a Tuesday evening, eating his weight in bacon double cheeseburgers and fries with Tony Stark, a.k.a. Iron Man, a.k.a. Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist. The kick of it is -
"Yeah, well. I'm afraid I've got two left feet when dancing to tunes not to my liking."
"I want to be fucked, Phil. I want you to make me forget," Steve says quietly. Phil's eyes dilate until they're all pupil; his mouth drops open, and Steve watches his tongue trace over his lips, leaving them shiny and very tempting.
He goes to grab himself a coffee, opting for something with indecent amounts of sugar and cream to counter his irritation.
this is an actual crisis wtf do i do buck
Fucking HELL, when did Jarvis become such a stick in the mud?? I don't like this Jarvis. I want my Jarvis back. GODDAMN IT. was that when i lost my mind? When i thought it was a good idea to stick my J in the body of a homicidal robot? I think it was. That's why we needed oversight. So i'd have no choice but to NOT create homicidal robots. All those deaths, all those people lost, they're on ME, how don't you get that?? I thought you of all people would get that. I thought you'd be with me.
a gorgeous cock," he says dreamily. "Don't know if I mentioned that before. I want to get to know it very, very well."
Steve tries really hard not to cringe, but he feels his skin flush and knows he must look tellingly blotchy. Tony gives him the most appalled look Steve has ever been on the receiving end of. Not even Sarah Rogers could have bettered it.
"I can't believe you're Tony Stark's boyfriend," Clint giggles. "This is amazing. He's going to buy you a diamond the size of a grenade and a tiara to go with it."
"So good for me," Phil murmurs, licking down Steve's stomach, inches away from where his dick sways, full and already dripping.
It's pretty clear that this is one of the better decisions he has made for himself.
It's harder than it should be, especially when he gets an email from his bank highlighting a new transaction 'FOR SERVICES
Tony want things. That's up to him. And if this is it, if Tony's got him out of his system and is ready to move on to newer and better things, then maybe it's time for Steve to try and do the same. That's just the way life goes.
? You don't know—you haven't seen—fuck
"I wonder," Tony drawls meaningfully, looking him up and down with this slow, heavy gaze that has Steve's skin starting to buzz. "Hey, since you don't seem too enamoured of Justin fucking Hammer, which, by the way, showcases your excellent taste, how'd you feel about getting out of here?"
Steve flushes. "Don't analyse me," he growls. "You have no idea what the situation's like."
Tony looks at him over his shoulder. "You would," he says, amused. "Hey, JARVIS, order us some food from that place, you know the one. Go to town, Steve hasn't eaten since lunch."
if you didn't, because that would slide right into dissociative sociopathy territory, and with your abilities, who knows where we'd end up. So the fact that you're in pain, and struggling to adjust, it's actually good news, sorry. Means you're still sane."
Sam rolls his eyes and heaves a disgusted sigh. "You're a piece of work, Rogers," he grunts. "Repeat after me: 'I'm a decent person who deserves nice things'. Now you."
"Hello, Sergeant Rogers. Wonderful to see you again."
But there are also the quiet times, and it is those that surprise Steve the most. The way Tony leans into him when they sit on the couch to watch a movie. The endless, casually affectionate and increasingly possessive touches Tony bestows on him every moment they spend together. How much Tony enjoys being in his physical space, for someone who professes not to like to be handed things and shies away from unexpected skin contact. These moments are all priceless to him; Steve hoards them like gemstones, and it makes him ache inside to think that he might be about to lose them all - that Tony will take offense at Steve not telling him this earlier; that for all his jokes about Steve not being able to take the duality of Tony Stark/Iron Man, it will be Tony who can't accept that Steve belongs to an alter ego himself.
aguyfrombrooklyn: My life is a fanfic. I have no idea how that happened.
"It's real great to see you, Ms Potts," he says earnestly.
i guess you’ll just have to wait and find out for yourself. :)
Jesus. Steve honestly doesn't know if that's a promise he can make. He feels torn up already, like his control is a fleeting fancy.
and I just, I can’t, that
"Steve," Steve says, and offers his hand. Shawn's palm is large and soft, curling nicely around Steve's. When Shawn lets his hand go, his fingers slide over Steve's in unmistakable invitation.
Steve sinks to his knees. It's good to remind himself what he's here for - he can't let himself think there's more between them than what he's allowed to have. By the looks of it, Tony definitely doesn't mind. Hands slide into Steve's hair, clutching fitfully when Steve opens Tony's pants and takes out his dick, pleasingly sturdy and flushed a pretty pink. Everything about Tony is so fucking pretty. He should be a model; no, a muse. God knows Steve finds him inspiring enough.
did you just ‘hey’ me?
Steve rolls his eyes. "I'm a decent person who deserves nice things," he repeats dutifully. It's not his fault it wouldn't convince a baby.
Steve meets Katya back at her condo on the night in question, barely a minute off the time she'd asked him to come. He kisses her cheek carefully so as not to smudge her perfectly applied make-up, and offers his arm to escort her outside. She has a car waiting for them, a beautiful oxidised-silver Bentley with deliciously soft leather seats. When Steve slides inside, he can't help the low noise off appreciation at the touch of it, the smell that he will, in time, learn to associate with luxury - polished leather, a woman's heady perfume, the edge of oak that comes from the whiskey she pours for them both from the mini bar. Katya smiles at him, pleased, and clinks her glass to his.
"That pretty ass of yours," Pentecost rasps, closing in on Steve's level of desperation. "So open for me, you must work to keep it as tight as it feels, with how much cock you must be getting."
. She always said that Steve Rogers and the Commandos must've been fifty times more interesting than the official histories tried to paint you. Shit, Cap, you put together the first interracial team of highly trained soldiers. Do you
Tony takes them in a big, meandering circle through the city grid. Steve drinks it in, high off the adrenaline rush and the beauty of it all. He wants so badly to try and capture this with his paints, or maybe have a go at recreating it on a tablet. Digital art seems more fitting to this mad tangle of lights and reflections glowing in the night. After a time that Steve hadn't noticed passing, they alight on the top of Stark Tower, that hideous blot on the landscape that Steve suspects Tony is ridiculously proud of. Tony hovers and drops him gently onto the tiles before landing himself, strutting towards the floor-to-ceiling doors on the terrace that swing open at his approach.
See, this is the problem. I AM sorry, but when I try to tell you, I- Words are hard.
sure as soon as u got an eyeful of the crown jewels u did
"Mister Stark," Steve says dryly.
to talk about this, he's going to enjoy shocking Sam speechless.
why don’t you let me be the judge of that?
"It was an art class!" Steve argues, before he rolls his eyes and shakes it off. "We'll talk about it later. Where d'you want us?"
On the other hand, it's good to keep busy. It never quite stops him from thinking of other Christmases, being curled up with Bucky under a dozen blankets they'd bought with their meager savings, once Steve started getting jobs as an illustrator; of Christmas dinner made out of boiled potatoes and tiny pieces of turkey. Steve hadn't cared, as long as Bucky was with him. He'd known he would lose him to a wife soon enough, and he couldn't begrudge Bucky his happiness. He'd leave New York first.
"Why,
Tony stares at him some more, then drops the rest of his food back on the tray and piles their used paper towels around it.
"Right, see, a lot of people around here are suckers for cocktails, and of course as their bartender I encourage the hell out of their choice. But for me, personally, on a night out, I like to drink bottled. That way there's less of a chance someone might slip you something, and also the drinks keep fresh longer. You got any allergies, flavour preferences?"
Then Tony wets his fingers and slides the first two inside Steve's body, and oh, yeah, he remembers. They're quick and agile, filling him up and stretching him out at the same time, deftly avoiding his prostate except to brush against it accidentally-on-purpose until Steve is gasping and trying to fuck down on them and this close to reverting to the original plan of flipping them over and finally sitting on that pretty cock.
"JARVIS wouldn't let me," he mumbles. Steve does a double-take, before hilarity bowls him over.
He can't talk about it. It's good, but it isn't, but it
giving him ur pants off ur own ass when he asks is just desperate steve
Except when he gets up to piss and start the coffee, and turns the wifi on his phone back on (he'd started leaving it off when he went to bed, because it was hard enough to sleep through the night without it beeping at him with messages from his European friends, and he's too paranoid to leave it on silent because what if there is some emergency and Phil calls and Steve misses it?), he finds an email from
"I was gonna talk to you tomorrow about that," he tries, busying himself with setting the teabags to stew and pulling the milk out of the fridge.
Dear Tony,
Despite the risks and sacrifices involved, there is no version of Steve Rogers or Captain America anywhere that will not face a Nazi assault head-on, plant himself like a tree against it, and say, "Not on my watch."
yeah pal
Phil hums, nodding his head and letting out a huff of air. "Well," he says, mouth twitching, "I can't say this is anything but good news for me, personally. It's just one more reason for my teenage self to feel vindicated over his choice of personal heroes."
"What?" Tony demands, catching him at it. "Do I have sauce in my beard?"
Sam just looks at him before shaking his head ruefully. "Yeah, that's the logical approach. You can cling to it all you want, Steve, but I gotta tell you, it don't work like that. Intellectually, sure, you know there's a positive side to everything. But you lost your entire way of life, the future that you'd been planning. Trust me on this. You don't walk off that kind of loss. It would break a weaker person. Seems to me, though, your mind? Is made of vibranium, along with your spine. I'll tell you this much for free: you're coping so much better than some other people I've seen."
"I'm sorry," Phil says at last. His voice is shaking. "I'm so sorry, Steve. I mishandled that. I knew I should tell you, I just—you were doing
"You don't sound very sure," Steve argues, but shrugs when Tony doesn't look inclined to elaborate, standing up and gathering his fabric store bags. "I was gonna head back home. Where are you parked?"
u sure u want 2?
Steve would like to argue, but – "Well, you ain't wrong. Although I draw the line at pickling cows to make it look like I'm special."
Tony grunts, hips stuttering as his hardness rubs over Steve's, skin to wet skin. There is nothing on this planet that could stop the moan that rips out of Steve's throat at the feel of it. Tony's hands are everywhere – over his sides, on the back of his knee, sliding along to open him up so the head of Tony's dick can rub across his opening, slick and hot. Steve is this close to just flipping them over and lowering himself on Tony's length.
I just want to tell you that I’m sorry. Why is that so hard to put into words? I guess because I’m not sorry that I didn’t let you kill Bucky. Don’t you understand that killing him means killing me? Again? I didn’t manage to do a good enough job back in ’45, but if it happened again, well, I know a lot more about myself now. I’d know what to do.
Dear Tony,
It's just fucking
why u asking me??
"I'll...just go over there,"Steve manages to splutter through his laughter, and hightails it in Tony's direction while Phil palms the back of Clint's neck and looks like he wants to shake him like a wet dog.
Tony to you," Tony drawls, clinking his glass to Steve's before draining it.
"Don't you say that," Tony snaps, grabbing the front of Steve's t-shirt and getting in his face. "You're special. You're plenty special. Just because SHIELD can't see out of their own asses doesn't mean you didn't do great things, saved countless lives. You've been my hero since I knew who you are, Cap."
Dear Tony,
"Charmed," Phil says, offering Steve a hand while his eyes scream bloody murder.
"Glad to be of service," Iron Man says, before accelerating with a burst of flame from his feet.
"Are you kidding me? Haven't had this much fun since I quit flying. No way am I letting you wiggle out of it until I know what the hell's going on."
"What?" Steve demands pitifully, so on edge that he can feel the throbbing of his pulse along his dick.
HO BOY
Steve tries hard not to tense, but being plastered all over Pentecost like that, he isn't sure how successful he is. One of Pentecost's fingers trails over the chain of Steve's dog tags, and oh, fuck, he'd forgotten to take them off before he left his apartment. It probably fuelled Pentecost's fantasy to see them bouncing against Steve's chest, but it probably also gave him the chance for a good look, and Pentecost is better placed than anyone Steve has fucked to know what they mean.
And okay, so love is not something that's involved here for him. Steve has only ever loved two people like that, and they are both long gone in this day and age. But God, oh, Lord, he is
"Look at you," Pentecost says, palming Steve's ass cheeks with both hands and pulling them open. "Fucking cock slut, is that what you are, soldier?"
"Thanks," he says solemnly. Katya drapes herself back onto her bed as Steve pulls on his pants and hunts for his shirt. He spots a notepad on Katya's dresser, so he walks over and jots down his phone number and email address.
"How many can there be? How much infiltration can they do without anyone realising?" Tony asks, annoyed. "Honestly, you guys, my faith is kinda shaken right now."
Steve braces himself and lets the floodgates loose. He talks about the ice, and waking up decades in the future, and being told there's no place for him anywhere anymore, that he needs to make his own way now. A muscle in Tony's jaw ticks rhythmically; Steve's hand aches a little with how hard it's being squeezed. He shifts his fingers tentatively and Tony's grip slackens, starting to let go. Steve isn't proud of the desperate noise he makes, the way his fingers try to latch around Tony's - but it works. Tony's hand closes around his again, thumb stroking reassuringly across his wrist.
"I warn you, I'll carry you out like an overcome damsel if you pass out on me. Right through the main entrance, too."
behind his back.
?" Tony demands incredulously.
"Yes, of course," he says quickly. "Please do. And you can call me any time, for whatever reason. I promise, nothing can be 'too stupid'." He smiles, and Steve smiles with him, remembering all the times Coulson had put aside his own work when Steve had come looking for him with 'a stupid question'.
"So don't think that I'm going to obsess over your alter ego. I've got my own, you know."
"'M good," Steve slurs. He feels drunk, head fuzzy but body warm and languid, sinking deeper into the couch cushions. "So good. Keep fucking me, sir. Fuck me 'til you come inside me."
Dear Steve,
Shawn's eyes go wide, and his mouth drops open a little.
"Steve," he starts, but Steve has had enough – enough of the lies, enough of the hits that just keep on coming at him,
"Prices, baby. Rates? I don't know what term you use these days. How much do I owe you for tonight?"
"You love me, don't front," Barton says, equally quiet, accompanied with a charming smile. Steve starts grinning and doesn't seem able to stop.
"Are you kidding me?" Shawn laughs. "No way I'm changin' my mind. I just—I wonder. Why in the hell you picked me, I mean."
The thing is, it was never just a shield. Attached comes a heavy mantle that Steve isn't sure belongs to him anymore.
"Man, that judgy look is a piece of art," Tony manages on the end of another giggle, wiping a theatrical finger across the corner of his eye. "I need to make it my lock screen, lord knows it'll be accurate ninety percent of the time."
"You were made for this, Steve. Look at you take it, my God, I can't wait to see you try and take my cock, you're gonna writhe on it, I'm gonna nail you so good."
The woman's mobile mouth curls up a little, rendering it imminently kissable. "It's a commentary on the beauty of simplicity, the natural symmetry of minimalism in this crowded world. I like it precisely because it is so uncomplicated. I find the arrangement visually pleasing, and the particular hue of the colours themselves are a result of years of experimentation on the artist's part."
Tony blinks. Steve has never seen him this flummoxed. It's fantastic.
So he emails Katya back to say that he is available, and then spends the next couple of hours downloading a scheduling app and designing a minimalistic business card with his name, cell number and email address on one side of it, leaving the back empty for note-taking. He does not make it red, white, and blue, despite the perverse spike of defiance he weathers. That's not who he is anymore. He's just a guy, trying to make his way in the world, who'd gotten luckier than most in the health department.
"Aw, Phil," Steve says, faking commiseration not-at-all convincingly. "Cheer up. It'll be fun."
oh my god
of sex, but he never remembers it being so tender, so deliciously unhurried. Like they have all night - or the whole of their lives - to spend discovering each other, and it's that thought more than anything that has Steve clutching back, delighting in the knowledge that Tony is his, and he is Tony's, and sex isn't some great political engagement with too many hidden agendas, but just the physical expression of their need to be close to each other.
"Mother Mary," he says, hands sliding over Steve's shoulders. "Look at you."
"No," the bartender murmurs, eyes falling to half-mast as her gaze rises over his chest and back to his face. "Thank
Katya looks at him with speculative, narrowed eyes; then she spreads him out on her bed, pushes his fists closed around the grates of her wrought iron headboard, and
Things are changing, she told me when she found me sketching the lake on the other side of the city from the palace. There was a group of kids lurking somewhere behind me - they'd never seen a white man for real before, apparently. At first, I wondered if she was here to escort me back to the palace, which I hadn't left before. But she just told me to stop moping and come with her. (For the record - there was no moping! But I can see where she might get the notion - I think about you a lot, how it used to be, how I know I can't ever have that again.)
"Hey now," a man's voice says from their other side; Steve turns politely, and the floor drops out of the room.
tony, i don’t want your money. i was kinda just looking to get my pants back. i like those, they’re comfortable.
to anyone, let alone a war hero?"
"Damn, that's one pretty lady."
don’t want to go away. But having Bucky back and at the same time not having him at all is – well, it’s killing me.
Phil braces one knee on the bed, crawling forward to muscle in between Steve's thighs that open to accommodate him.
Oh, Tony. If only you knew.
"You'd have been lucky," Tony says in the end, voice unexpectedly warm. "She was one hell of a classy lady."
They groan in unison, loud and helpless. Jesus, the man is big; his dick is so thick, and Steve feels so full already, and it just
Stark is still staring creepily at him, as if he could drill a hole right through with the power of his focus. Steve would not be shocked to find that is indeed the case.
"Maybe I don't want to provide any more services to you," Steve snaps - reckless, so reckless, Tony is a
With a sob, Steve curves his body around Tony's, burying his face in Tony's neck. The other shoe has dropped, and it turned out to be as soft as a leaf on the forest floor. Tony's arms wraps around him, keeping him close and safe, Tony's fingertips stroking the nape of Steve's neck.
Bucky woke up today. I know Shuri has been working hard on his therapy, and I knew enough not to hope for a miracle. But she has wrought one nonetheless. She found the worm twisting deep inside his mind and rewired it. When I ask her how, she says she ‘hacked’ it. I didn’t know that was possible with the human brain, but I have learned never to doubt what Shuri can do. That woman is only 16 years old, and she is already – yes, I’m going there – smarter than you. I can see the face you’d make if you heard me say that, and it makes me chuckle. I know, I know, but hey, if it’s true…
i can’t do this. do you know what it cost me to just stand there and look at you and not react. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU’VE DONE TO ME. DO YOU EVEN CARE.
Also, we’ll see you next week.
, and he had to think of a fresh excuse for Dum Dum and Dernier's existence.
"Lieutenant," Steve starts, but Pentecost growls and his fingers clench on Steve's balls until he gasps.
Steve doesn't bother replying with words. He presses his thumbs into the crease between her thighs and pussy, opening her up while he nudges deeper, flicking his tongue just short of entering her. He closes his lips on her clitoris and sucks, holding her pressed against her wall as her knees buckle. She's loud, pleasantly so; she isn't shy about telling him how she likes it, what he's doing to her, which is incredibly reassuring, because he wants this to be so good for her. Steve's dick is hard and swollen, trapped between his thigh and zipper, making him whimper when he shifts forward and the unforgiving fabric cuts into him. Reluctantly, he takes one hand off Laeticia's smooth warm skin and flicks his jeans open, pulling himself out and giving himself a nice hard tug. Fuck, the taste of her; it slides down his throat when he swallows, overwhelmingly aware of how wet his face is from her body. It makes him want to lick all the way inside.
Steve trusts Phil, is the thing. Pretty much with his life. And Phil trusts Barton. So Steve turns obligingly and allows himself to be lead towards the opposite corner, by a sprawling Benjamin ficus that takes up almost the entire height of the wall.
Steve thinks he's getting an inkling of what she's talking about, and the thing is, the flush on his face is not mortification. No, it appears he's getting off on the attention. He's getting high on the idea of being needed, appreciated, of people wanting to spend time with him enough to
"Not really. I think… I've been talking to someone about it, and I think it was more of a rebellion thing. I was trying to leave a mark on people's lives, if not the world. Be seen, I suppose, even just as a pretty face."
The deafening silence lasts for nearly thirty seconds, long enough that Steve pulls his phone away to check if the line got disconnected and tries not to have heart palpitations.
much money on something which would merely feel nice and bring him comfort. In addition, there are half a dozen candles of the bergamot and lime variety that conjure the spectre of Peggy, vibrant and young, telling the Howlies exactly how the mission was going to proceed. There are also a couple of the blueberry muffin scent that Tony had liked so much, and several plump, soft cushions in a velvety red and navy blue with white stars all over them, because Tony thinks he's funny, but he has
Steve takes that as his cue to go.
"How much?" Phil asks.
"I already ate," Steve lies. Better to get out now, right? He knows where he stands.
shreds through his heart and leaves him a mess of emotions on top of his sofa. He even has someone to talk to when a guy at Maria's bakery asks him out the first time – okay, less 'talk to', more being catcalled via gchat and told to 'go get him, baby'. His reading material has expanded to include fanfiction about Harry and Draco being in love, and Steve is pretty well versed in the history of the Stonewall Riots now, and LGBTQ rights. He never thought, when he woke up lost and sore and so viciously alone, that life in the twenty-first century could be like this. That he could—that getting beaten up and probably lynched was not something he had to look forward to if anyone caught him looking at other men.
"Tony Stark hired you to go to a corporate dinner with him." Phil's voice is hilariously close to that time there was a threat on New York City and he went DEFCON 1 while still in bed with Steve.
dummy is so cute omg
"It's not easy, being rich," Steve agrees.
, Steve isn't supposed to want him like this - but he's so tired of feeling like this is a fight he just can't win.
"Glad to hear it," Sam says. "However, you should know that it is my duty to recommend you begin therapy sessions immediately. It's not gonna be easy, and I'm not gonna lie and tell you it is. It's gonna suck a lot. And you've got your grief to get through in addition to that."
. I wish we could stop hurting each other, but it’s all we seem to be able to do. I never ever want to be the source of pain for you, ever. But all I seem to be to you is something you’d rather avoid.
And the truth is. The truth is that, while Steve's life is filling up with pretty incredible people, he still feels – too big in his own skin. Shaking hands with a new person has become the highlight of his existence, because it meant
"Steve Rogers," he says, offering her his hand. She takes it in a firm grip, long fingers slim but belying her confidence. "Virginia Potts. I curate this exhibit."
"How did he-" Steve mutters to himself, half-tempted to write back anyway and give Tony a piece of his mind. In the end, he sighs and closes his laptop, heading for the shower. If Tony wants to spend his money giving Steve unreasonable tips for something he'd have gotten anyway, so much the worse for him. The irritating, infuriating asshole.
He yanks it open, jerking his head for Phil to get inside. Phil does as directed, looking Steve up and down for damage.
Steve forces himself not to blush, turning to give the room a look-over while he sips his drink. It tastes like spring; like green, growing things. He has got to find out what it's called. The room is honey-gold from lights tucked away in alcoves along the walls. The tables and booths scattered around the space are nearly all taken by women in various models of suits and open-collared shirts, jackets discarded across the backs of their chairs. Easy laughter mingles with the beat and the smooth, jazzy instrumental of the music, loud but not obnoxiously so, just enough to give the place a buzz. The men in attendance are mostly ignored, or laughing along with whatever group they're part of. It's easy, if not particularly given to striking random conversations. Oh, well. At least his drink is spectacular, and the atmosphere is nice. There are worse ways to spend an evening.
The road they had been on ended in an intersection with Rural Route 741 that seemed to form the center of the town.
Some last dark knot in Tony’s chest loosened to see Thor had survived as well and he relaxed against the starchy pillows.
He found the missing SHIELD agents and townspeople a little further in, bound to either side of a narrow slit in the rock.
“Jesus, you must think we’re all stupid or something.
“That’s what we’re here about,” Steve said.
“They were experimenting with it.
“Get out,” she said.
“He’s on a mission.
Her jaw unclenched and as it fell loose more of the viscous black substance poured out of her mouth.
He was growing tired of the taste of recycled air.
“Stand back.
“Bring it all down,” Tony murmured.
Their orders had been clear that they were not to cause any more damage than necessary, but Tony didn’t care about that.
“Can’t be sure,” he admitted.
He plunged into darkness so deep none of his scanners could penetrate it, even the bright blue beam of the arc reactor barely visible in front of him.
“Perimeter’s clear,” he told them, and Hawkeye hopped down from the roof and nodded to confirm.
He was so small and She was so vast.
“Time to try something else,” Steve said.
He covered his face with one hand and held the other arm out as though in supplication or terror.
“Send it to Bruce.
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when the door opened behind him.
CLEAR SOON.
Tony lay back again and laughed, even though it hurt, filled with love for the people in his life and a second chance to do this properly.
They encountered something in town— and that’s all he says, “something”— and then retreated here.
“I have my orders,” Fury said, and he looked away from Tony, down at his desk, before he continued.
A flash of blue-white light lit the cavern for an instant as he blasted it with a repulsor, and in the flare he saw another moving behind Steve.
The bones here were whole and clean, held together with a tattered but recognizable overalls.
I’m analyzing it right now.
My armor kept it out.
Steve pulled him to his feet but his numb legs spasmed beneath him and he toppled into Steve’s chest.
“I think that sounds…” but Steve was cut off by Natasha’s voice, scratchy but unmistakable, coming through their communicators.
He returned to Steve and touched down on the relative safety of the ledge, but he still felt the vast empty space behind him and his skin crawled beneath the armor.
He nodded at them, glad he’d had the faceplate closed.
They found her in the room off the medical lab.
The file hadn’t talked much about Buckman’s wife except to say she existed and could be used as leverage, but that seemed like Machen’s old school chauvinism.
Thor, we have incoming!”
His mother’s house.
Privately, Tony was starting to worry that the data was not bad, only trying to indicate something impossible.
“I would not have left you.”
His personal files might be hardcopy only.”
He muttered something over her as he gently pressed her vacant eyes shut, though his gloves left a few more dark smears on her face.
“High ranks in interpersonal skills and marksmanship.”
He tapped his control panel and a map of West Virginia appeared on the screen between him and the team, showing sites marked with different government logos.
“I’m never eating oysters again.”
I don’t think it likes the sun.”
“Tony.
“Not now, Tony.
“What is in that old mine?”
Lightning crackled around the head of Mjolnir, forming a flickering corona of cool white light that bounced off the sterile off white walls and the laminated posters about information security.
“Now lie back and take this before Steve returns.”
Report.” Tony noted he was still not back to first name status with his boyfriend, but he had bigger problems to deal with.
“Iron Man, report.” He could hear the anger in Steve’s voice through the comm link, mad at him for going ahead, for being Tony, but he was a leader too.
“Keep an eye on Steve.”
Tony had no idea how it could be possible, but the hammer looked both sad and stubborn, like a dog waiting for his dead master to come home.
As the lift rattled into life, they stared into the absolute darkness of the cavern, and from somewhere within it came a last bleating chuckle of laughter.
“We are not going to let you,” Steve said.
The whites of his eyes had begun to go gray.
He looked away from the row of skulls and noticed odd scratches on the wall.
They both looked to the ledge, where the vague outline of Mjolnir waited one step from the brink.
“You were still cute,” Tony said.
Steve coughed and black fluid dribbled over his lips.
“We’ll teach you to play I Spy.
He forced his mind clear and sat in the chair in front of the command terminal.
Tony let out a breath he did not realize he’d been holding.
“It’s not that it’s casual, I just didn’t realize you were so serious about…about us.
There were more stains here where something dark and clotted had been tracked across the floor and smeared up the handrails.
“Lost so and so in the night” or similar.
“When we get back, we can renegotiate something.
“I know who you are,” she interrupted.
His whisper filled their tiny candle-bright island in the dark.
These old suits weren’t meant for mining and the communicator relay was unreliable this far underground.
Even the awful disinfectant smell didn’t bother him anymore, and from the look on Steve’s face he should be grateful he couldn’t feel the shower that had sluiced his armor more or less clean.
“I’d rather work while I can,” she said.
“But I’m going to need your help with Machen and the clean up, and I really don’t know what we can do for Thor right now.
I dare say this cavern has seen far worse than the tragedy that befell these poor wretches.”
Even after he turned the speakers off, Tony felt like he could still hear it in his mind, mixed in with the normal white noise of the armor and the hum of the reactor.
Fury selected one in the southeastern part of the state and images of an ugly, blocky concrete building on a lush green mountain came up.
He didn’t know why he’d called his own house.
His view of the world disappeared as tentacles wrapped around his head and limbs, but dozens of warnings appeared as the thing tightened its grip and pulled him in different directions.
“You really should leave before Jimmy gets back,” she said.
He listened to the ring once, then put the handset down.
“How many?” Steve asked.
Tony shook his head in refusal.
I will take nine steps and fall, its venom burning through my veins.”
“Steve…” but Steve was not looking at him.
Mjolnir slapped into Thor’s outstretched palm with a blinding flash of lightning, and Thor’s thunder rumbled through the cavern.
Lightning sparked off Thor’s hammer as the thing tried to climb their arms, reaching for any purchase it could get.
Crisis.
He stood before the yawning crevasse, sensing its immensity even though he couldn’t see it.
They rode the empty lift, smudged with streaks of black foulness that were far worse than mere soil, in silence.
“It was never…”
I’m not sure Natasha cracked everything, and I want to take a look myself.
He took a long pull of beer and grimaced again, as if he found the taste more offensive each time.
Half a dozen modern vehicles, all black and unmarked, sat parked in the lot, but on inspection they were configured to hold cargo or equipment, but empty and abandoned.
Though clearly alive, it behaved almost like liquid, seeking any tiny vent or opening to get in.
It didn’t sound like she was even speaking to them.
Something was wrong.
He held up a hand for silence before she could begin to protest.
He stopped struggling to make his numb fingers perform and slumped against Steve.
A spreading pool of total mine shaft darkness had replaced her face and he wondered what was wrong with his eyes.
.” Clint turned and vomited into a metal office trashcan next to him.
“I think there is something alive in there.
“Steve?”
“So what’s in the bag?” Steve asked.
Caught in traffic.”
“Scans say human,” Tony said, but the way they crept along against some unseen wall, low to the ground and slithering…
They found Thor and Clint waiting in the first chamber with its dark monitors.
“Don’t touch it,” Tony said.
“Nice of you to join me,” Tony said.
A closet-sized refrigerated cabinet was set into the wall as well, a display showing precise temperature and humidity levels, and through the glass front he could see jars and tubes full of blood and various tissues.
At the base of the rock face, a bank of electronics sat next to a cold and silent generator.
“What would you do, if it were you?” he asked.
“As soon as we are done here, you are leaving for a mission,” Fury began without preamble.
“Yeah.
His mouth was going numb and he felt a headache coming on.
Tony could see now that the darkness of the portal was even greater than the lightless space beneath the earth, untouched by any light.
“Steve wants to wait until we know what’s in the mountain before we go in, but I’m starting to think it doesn’t matter.
“Well, you’re an engineer,” Steve pointed out.
“Something ancient slumbers here.”
I shall call the lightning on this blasted place, and knock that benighted mountain into a fine dust with Mjolnir if you but say the word.”
Although some of the gingerbread trim had broken off and the window glass was dark and milky with age, someone had painted it in recent memory and a crisp sign in the grass explained it was the Crow Mountain Municipal Building and Library.
Most of his weapon and propulsion systems were gone, as he’d feared, ripped away along with the primary plating on his arms and legs.
“I thought you could understand any language,” Tony said.
“Carlton’s last log entry just says, ‘I have to go home.
But even if Thor can’t catch whatever it is he could still bring it back.
Come on,” he said.
He found he wanted to be on the move.
He wants to
Clint, just take it easy.
Steve lowered his cowl and knocked on the door.
“I mean, it’s based on what you can do, and I made it out of what was left of the Destroyer.
“Shit,” Steve said.
Near the end of the clip, he drew a long, shaky breath and must have rallied, for the last sounds from him were footsteps and the faint jingle of the handcuffs.
One caught his knee and he gave extra power to his repulsors to keep it from reeling him in.
“It would seem… Wait.” Thor held up his hand and cocked his head.
Nothing moved in the quiet country night except the trees that swayed in the wind further up the mountain.
It left his lips and tongue numb and his head throbbed from fever and lack of oxygen, and it left him with a lingering taste of salty water and mold, an oily and pervasive essence that he could smell more than taste.
“He lives here,” Natasha said. She brought up a photograph of an old house at the end of a dirt lane.
They might need it down there, doing whatever they were really doing.
“I’m going to complain about the wine list,” Tony said.
“This was in the woods, near the entrance to the mine.”
“Thor and I are headed over there.”
He kept his voice low, but he had no doubt everything down here could hear him.
Tony did not want to hear Agent Carlton die again, and he didn’t want to expose Thor to the awful whispering.
Also, he’s ancient.
He turned to Natasha and flexed his knuckles.
“There isn’t even a traffic light.”
“Can you tell me what happened here?
, as though this were any place for mortal will or prayer.
The audio was all messed up on these logs, but there’s something there instead that we can’t make out.”
This time he let Tony hold onto him, and Tony thought his heart would stop when he began to retch again and brought up a thin viscous rope of pitch black bile.
“It was… pretty bad,” Tony said.
“We aren’t breaking up.
Iron Man too, maybe.
“We found him,” Tony said into the comm.
“Our anniversary?” Tony guessed.
He clutched his abdomen and lunged for the door.
And it feels weird to talk about it here.”
He couldn’t think of anything to do that might make Thor more comfortable, but he laid him out facing away from the portal.
It made no rational sense, but he didn’t like it.
The rock, for it had to BE rock, felt loathsome and soft, slippery with sourceless moisture that smelled like sea water and the slime of long-rotten vegetation.
People are dead, and I want to know why.”
Out in the woods… even down here.
“You hurt him.
Other tentacles closed in on him, but the burning white light of Mjolnir burst through the central column and left a smoking hole in its path.
“Well, that was disgusting,” Clint said.
I wasn’t expecting him to ask to move in so soon.”
“No one did.”
Thor’s body slumped sideways, off balance, but his head came up and his gaze locked onto Tony.
“But what if it knows something we don’t?”
They could pack what little they really needed and get out.
Legends that predate European settlement talk about the mountain, but they found coal there in 1890 and founded the Old Crow Mountain Mining Company to go after it.
There was nothing in Her that his science could fight, or even quantify.
The sting in his lip and the dull flare of anger sputtered out within him, faded away before the empty, howling, insensible numbness in his mind.
The muscles in his neck and the veins in his forehead bulged, his throat straining against whatever was inside of him.
“It feels like… It feels like it’s forcing its way in.
Each entry is a different length, like you’d expect, and the date and time stamps are intact.
The words were meant to delay him, he realized.
He should find someone…”
These HYDRA fuckers were the ones who started messing with whatever it is.
Machen laughed and his eyes rolled back and his back arched, mirroring the carvings in their barely human ecstasy.
Let’s see what she wants to show us.
“…Anyone hear me?” she asked.
He’d learned as a child to channel all his emotion, all his energy, into work, and as a result he soon had the lab’s communication array back online and able to contact the outside world.
Tony cut the comm link and headed into the room.
“Think there are more?”
“I love you, too.”
“How’s Clint?” Tony asked.
Could he make anything out?”
The sound from its throat cut off as the black ooze that dribbled from its ruined face gave way to a more solid form.
Then it all stopped as quickly as it had begun.
“Don’t worry,” Steve continued.
His heart beat quickened and fluttered and his brain activity spiked as he looked at Steve with his ruined eyes.
“I know who you are,” he said with contempt.
Steve steadied himself against the lift door, digging his fist into the surface as he suppressed the pain and forced himself to uncurl.
See what you can learn here while we’re gone, and keep me posted.”
“Where are they?”
“This stuff is definitely a match to the goo at the lab,” Tony said as his analysis finished.
“Good.
“Life readings,” Tony said.
Beyond Steve’s gesture, though blurred by the layers of plastic and his own dizziness, he could see another cell like his own, another bed surrounded by monitors and sealed off inside a translucent barrier.
“But what if we can’t contain it?
“What are you going to do?” Tony asked.
“Makes me wonder what went on in that weird church we saw, though.
Black ops, human experimentation, that kind of bullshit.
Classified or not, he wanted to know what they were up to so far away from any oversight.
“He would never… He would never leave us here.”
“Have you talked to Steve?” he asked, and he didn’t need to say that he wasn’t talking about the new information on Crow Mountain.
His tentacles shivered and twisted with agitation and there were faint sucking sounds as he slunk closer.
He worked his tongue around to wet the inside of his mouth and tried again.
“Field leader.”
Mother was still using him as a weapon.
Steve could cut or bash them down and pin them to the rough stone, and Tony could keep the others back with his light and burn them to a second, merciful death.
Now that he’d heard the faint, irregular scrape of metal, Tony found it impossible to tune it out.
It read only THEY ARE IN DARKNESS, followed by a list of 97 names, presumably the lost miners.
The mountain, maybe.
The shield’s edge had left a gash and a deep dent where it had fractured his fragile skull, and the severed metal circlet had embedded in the wound.
“I know you,” he said.
He cocked his head as though listening, and Tony wondered what he heard.
Though it had no face, the creature rounded on him and bent double, attacking him with the end he’d wounded moments earlier.
Steve tried the knob and door swung open.
“Come to the other room with me for a moment,”
Fuzzy ones.”
Report only to me.”
“I hate that guy,” Steve sighed.
He hesitated at the tap, lip curled in distaste, and then drew himself a pale golden beer that fizzed like soda.
Natasha greeted him with a tiny nod, her look cool and knowing.
They all heard the faint ghost of the awful sound that had been at the end of Carlton’s recording, the same wet chuckle with its note of caprine bleating.
Still haven’t found out what they were doing, but last spring they hired a whole crew of miners, undocumented workers from out of state, and every one of those men disappeared.
Tony walked past them, forced so close by the cramped confines that he had to brush against them, even weave between them.
“You’d better be alive in there,” Steve said next to him in the dark.
But the audio is… corrupt, for lack of a better word, and I can’t figure out why.”
Tony made a figure eight over the pit, vaguely conscious that he was muttering to himself,
Maxed out meters and dire warnings flashed in his view as his suit diverted more and more power to basic life support and integrity.
Built on top of an old coal mine.
“Go ahead, Iron Man.
His eyes bulged, showing the whites in his shock, as Mother’s chosen forced its way down his throat.
He had a clipboard and a pen, worrying at a sheet of paper with his brows furrowed in concentration.
“What about you?” Tony asked.
“I told him to break up with you,” she said, but her mouth quirked into a smile.
Who even runs it?”
She always seemed to know what was going on, and Tony had attributed this to her super spy abilities, but he had the terrible thought that maybe she was Steve’s Thor.
Still, Thor answered the order, and a weak white corona of lightning crackled around the head of his hammer.
He crouched down and pointed to faint stains on the old boards, a familiar trail of dark drips.
Mjolnir burst through the creature with a spatter of black gore and smacked into Thor’s waiting palm.
Tony, you are my friend, you know, but you are so goddamned useless at this.
“You son of a bitch,” Tony said.
“The doors must block the comm links.”
At the end of the row of victims, the trench opened out into another vast, pitch dark space where no light had ever fallen.
The monster sprang away from the agent as he at last faded completely and died.
A lot of it, actually.”
She would snuff him out and feel nothing, no satisfaction or happiness or anything at all that a human could understand as She consumed his meager existence in a span of time infinitely shorter than even the blink of Her immortal eye.
“Come out on the porch,” she said.
“Had to line up the shot,” Thor shrugged.
“I’ll wait to talk about kids until you have another bottomless hole nearby to jump in.”
“We’re at least going to bring you a cot and some food,” Tony insisted.
She stopped for a moment to cover a wet, racking cough and gestured with a shaking hand.
He seems like an old school kind of guy, though, old enough to maybe even have some ties to the Third Reich.”
He showed them proof of what the toxins here could do, and he convinced them that he could weaponize it.
Tony shone a beam of light onto it for her as his suit adjusted to the dimness.
They climbed the swaybacked front step where an old porch swing creaked next to a pumpkin and pots of red and gold chrysanthemums.
Curiosity got the better of him, though, and he peeked in the bag with his untethered arm.
She’s been dead for years.
Thor stirred in the darkened corner of the room where he slumped against the wall, wrapped in another of the scratchy blankets.
“What is Mother?” Steve asked, but it was too late.
Steve let the body fall and straightened her out on the porch.
“Maybe they saw your PornTube history.
The man, a fully trained agent of SHIELD, had sobbed in his last moments, and the sound crackled with his ragged breathing.
“I love you.
“Natasha, you stay here.”
He lay still and tried to pretend for a minute that this wasn’t his life.
Some twenty-seven men were trapped underground, their bodies never recovered.
Steve smiled at him, though his eyes were sad.
Soon.
He turned away.
“The people who lived here before the white man came knew Her as their mother.
Tony’s sensor array checked his teammates and reported that Hawkeye’s temperature had increased one and half degrees since they had left and his lung function and O2 saturation had dropped.
“The bulk of it is dissolving,” he said.
Fury will get them out if he can.”
Tony sighed.
“I have to be careful how I go about it, because a lot of these records are set up to delete if they detect an effort to decrypt them, but JARVIS will ferret them out.
He left the safety of the Clean Zone without looking back.
He’d wanted her advice, but now he was sort of sorry he had it.
“Got it,” he reported.
All his gauges went off at once, warning beeps discordant in the silence as every display in the suit read a pixelated, maxed out glitch.
He decided to show off a little.
Now what do we do?”
Though the thing at Steve’s feet remained prone and stunned, Machen continued to giggle on the wall above them.
“Nat, don’t…” Steve crouched down so he was looking her in the eye.
“Please,” he asked, “Stop the tape.
“I’m not going to wait around with my thumb up my ass for everyone to die while you fuck around from a safe distance,” Tony said.
The iron cross on the spire was rust spotted and bent.
“Tony…” but he cut the link and stood up.
Steve joined him, supporting Thor’s other side.
Want me to leave?”
“Hold,” Steve said.
Lightning arced from the sky and lit Mjolnir like a floodlight, but even that did little to make the thing in the yard make visual sense.
He didn’t have his armor anymore, and he didn’t have a billionaire’s custom suit to protect him, either.
“No, but he’s about, and you’d best pray he doesn’t get here before you’re gone.”
Broken glass glittered and crunched under their feet where a table full of flasks and beakers had been overturned, the first sign of violence they had seen.
He brought his hands up to climb the rope and found his fingers were playing with the buckles of his harness, toying with the idea of dropping, and he didn’t know why.
Steve always sounded exasperated in his voicemail message, and Tony rarely left them.
“I think it is.
“Would you judge me harshly if I said I wish we hadn’t sent it?”
“Do you think they lead in, or out?” Thor asked.
“You should sleep, you know,” Steve said.
“Nope,” said Clint.
Get away from him,” Tony ordered.
“No thanks.”
He could tell from Steve’s eyes that he wanted to talk to Natasha alone for a moment.
A huge dark stripe had sprayed from her back along with the bullet and drenched the doorframe and the flowers.
“Every gentleman should have a handkerchief,” Steve said. He wiped the sweat from his pale forehead and returned the cloth to his mouth.
They burrowed into his abdomen, thick as Tony’s wrist, suckling from him in an obscene parody of an umbilical cord, drawing out his great strength from bloodless, black-rimmed wounds.
But I think he ended up serving it, whatever it is.
Is your husband home?”
noisome fluid, and fell still.
“I need an extraction now,” he said.
It was one of the Liberty Girls’ spangly dresses, if you must know, and it was kind of embarrassing. ”
Still, they knew what was in this mountain.
Clint stepped up to the door and placed his hand on the scanner panel.
His skin was pink from the shower and Tony found his concentration had instantly switched from calibrating the communicators to checking Steve for any sign of illness.
The sharp click of a cocked rifle punctuated her request, and she aimed it at them with the ease of long practice.
“Thor, you there, buddy?”
“A grave?” Thor guessed.
Once he thought he was out of sight of the ledge, he cut the thrusters and just fell.
Steve caught the shield and let Tony pick him up under the arms.
“That’s…”
The eerie quiet of the place had started to get to him.
Tony’s armor now required a Level 5 Override to open the face mask, and he resigned himself to another interminable period of stale, plastic flavored air.
Tony had a flash of memory, Thor pinned to the ground with one shoving its way into him, but the thing seemed just as likely to rip his whole head off.
Finally a black, sodden scrap of red caught his eye, and he turned the beam onto Thor like a spotlight just as the god took a heavy, limping step toward the chasm’s edge.
Not exactly.
Thor and Tony left the porch as Jimmy Buckman cleared the treeline, or at least what had once been him.
What he’d found on the recorder made him think this mission was much more important than Fury had said, or even known.
You should rest, and care for Clint.
“Triangle,” Steve ordered.
The familiar turquoise tint made him feel better, as did the display of readouts telling him that Steve was unhurt, though he did have an elevated pulse.
“He wanted to reopen Crow Mountain Mine,” Steve said.
“It will come to you.
He couldn’t help but smile.
“Calm down, OK?”
“If there are, then where are the bodies?” Natasha asked, echoing Tony’s thoughts.
The SHIELD team left a recording and we could use your help interpreting it.”
The hallway ended in a little alcove with an elevator and entrance to the stairs.
The tentacle had begun to dissolve and he coughed up chunks of thick black slime.
You see any there?”
The doctor thought everyone in Old Crow was an uneducated, superstitious hick and he would have hated to give him the satisfaction.
Faint, rasping breaths hissed in the shadows all around them and the pale heat signatures flickered on this screen.
Everything was either blinding white or harsh medical green, and thick plastic closed off his little island from the surroundings.
“Tony?”
Sort of.”
Tony instantly disliked it, more so even than normal religious buildings.
“Look at this,” Steve called.
Tony gave the command and the door slid open with a familiar hiss, revealing another dark room lit with the irregular flash of emergency lights.
She drifted, light of step for her condition, past them and out the front door.
They stepped inside and found no one in sight, and no one responded to the jangling bell on the door.
Bits of clothing and strands of hair had caught on the rough gray bark and tangles of bald, thorny black brambles and a few more small personal items turned up amid the damp muck.
He did not look at Tony.
“You can totally pick the wallpaper.”
“I can do both,” Thor promised, though his voice sounded strained and weary.
The sound was faint but unmistakable on the later entries, a low repetitive drone that sounded like whispering.
“I guess I wasn’t too far wrong calling this the asshole of the world,” Tony quipped to himself, but he didn’t like the sound of his voice in this deep, secret, inhuman place.
We have some lovely room temperature water to go with it.”
The lips of the portal quivered and spread.
Are you sure?”
“But let’s make it to celebrate surviving this mess.”
STEVE.
“You are relentless.
Water dripped off his body onto the floor and the upstairs phone jangled loud and discordant in the quiet house.
“Tony!” his vision cleared, leaving behind a black smear where the tentacle had touched the faceplate.
“They are,” Tony confirmed.
You have two objectives: neutralize any threats and secure the facility and its data.
He and Thor moved forward and the others followed.
I screwed up, Steve.
Tony made the joke, but he was still troubled by his scanners’ inability to find the second heart rthym.
Just in the last twenty years, seventeen people who lived within a small radius of the mountain have died of rare and aggressive cancers.
A drawing pad and pen lay discarded on Tony’s bedside table, open to a sheet covered with sinuous, abstract black designs.
“Try there if you want,” Tony said.
Fury’s file says the head scientist was a man named Doctor Machen, but everything on the guy is very, very classified.
He felt the blood drain from his face.
Tony flew after him with no thought of taking him alive again, but like Thor he had vanished into the deep and absolute darkness beyond the ledge.
Rain began to fall in the street behind them and on the porch wind set the old rocking chairs with their scabby paint into creaking motion.
Thought you lot were scientists.”
She has blessed them, taken them within Herself to fortify Her for the labors to come.”
Tony turned to the main computer and queued up the first entry he’d downloaded from Carlton’s recorder.
“So let’s go with the ‘Thor is wrong’ theory and go see what’s down there.”
There must be something… something I’ve missed.”
According to Tony’s readouts, it was only three in the afternoon.
he reminded himself.
In 1903, one of the new shafts collapsed somehow.
His voice had a German accent, noticeable on certain words.
Leave the house for the taxman, for the mountain, to claim, and move to Boston, near Brandi’s boarding school, or anywhere with lots of light.
“Still boyfriends.
Tony complied gladly.
“Hell no,” Steve said, and Tony sighed with relief.
“You’ll be safe in the Clean Zone.
Bolts of electricity fed into the arc reactor mechanism and the portal shrieked with each one.
“All right everyone, let’s check it out,” Steve ignored Tony entirely.
Thor got to his feet and picked up his hammer as if he were, for the moment, conscious of how heavy it was, and he came over to join them.
“Are you prepared to enter the mountain?”
“A great quantity of it.”
Just tinkering now, trying to see how much rock we can ignore.
It didn’t matter what Thor said; Tony was far too observant to need the information.
He heard a faint clank and a high-pitched, overheated whine, but the secondary circuits kicked in and his armor struggled to come back online along with him.
He thought of all the missing people, wondering if there would be anything recognizable left of them.
He crawled face first down the wall, holding on with the long, serpentine tentacles that emerged from the tattered remnants of a containment suit and had replaced both his legs and one hand.
He hated when they started to give a monologue.
His suit was going insane with muted warnings, and he wanted to scream at Steve not to touch her, but it was much too late.
“Mayhap they let something out,” Thor said.
And how?
Oily, featureless black tentacles whipped and writhed above the tops of the ancient trees, and it moved forward on a similar mass that left a slimy trail through the fallen leaves.
Do you want me to say I’m scared?
Tony just knew he needed Steve back, but he still doubted that attempting to pour out his true feelings was a good plan.
He had worked in mines most of his adult life, but the grime from the lost cavern felt vile.
Curious, he played the light higher to get a better view.
“Where the hell is Thor?”
It was more like sixteen hours, actually, but he’d never live tested it before.
Steve didn’t remark on it either.
Tony again leaned in to kiss Steve, and again his visor snapped shut of what seemed to be its own accord.
“Pushing ninety, at least.
Steve began the preflight checks and Tony settled into the routine; they didn’t need to speak to handle this part of the mission.
He waited for Fury to meet his eyes.
He’d never tested for more than eight hours without exchanging the air, at least. “See what Fury says before we argue about it anymore.”
There’s too much at stake here.”
Further down the tunnel, a few flickering emergency lights still fought to illuminate the darkness.
Data began to filter in from Tony’s scanners, and he tried to ignore it.
“Thor I… I already stopped it.”
“What kind of wallpaper do you want?”
I can’t go, I have to warn the others.’
“I’m going to ask their computer about it once I get in.
“Why haven’t you been answering me?
I know how you think, Stark.
Come back, Tony, it isn’t safe over that thing.”
He couldn’t see her expression.
The emergency lights were still on, but few and far between, and all three of them had to bow their heads inside the cramped shaft.
“What is?” Tony asked.
“So that’s it?
He couldn’t even touch his own face, and he would have given anything to feel Steve’s hands, or even air moving against his bare arms.
“How are you?” Tony asked.
“Where’s his… there,” Steve said.
He stepped into the shower, not wanting to go to bed dirty despite his exhaustion.
“Slay a dragon?” Thor hazarded.
Her lips quirked up and a feverish gleam came to her shadowed, sunken eyes.
They went out to find that an early dusk had darkened the mountain.
“Wait,” Thor said on the front stoop.
Also like Thor, Tony heard no screams or impacts from below, though he strained to catch any sound.
The winding back road down the mountain was nearly as dark as the shafts of the mine, trees blocking most of the moon, and the few neighboring houses slept far recessed from the dirt track.
“They’re your hands,” he admitted.
Despite the asthmatic wheeze, Steve’s voice was still strong and steady.
“I’m going to guess the second one at this point.”
His voice was soft, gentle even, and not one Tony usually heard when they were working.
He found yellowed obituaries, brittle as old skin, clipped from long defunct newspapers.
“Are you from the government?” she asked.
He hated not being able to open his visor.
“Did he have a family?” Steve asked.
“It got him first.”
The words caught in his throat, but the overwhelming feeling made his chest pull tight.
It stung to know Steve thought he would refuse to answer just because he was sulking.
“I always hated saying that.
He flew them over the remaining mass of tentacles, but with Machen distracted they seemed more inclined to flee or stop to consume their wounded.
Steve knelt and checked the agent’s pulse, but it was much too late for him.
You are an educated man, are you not, Mr. Buckman?”
He counted out the number Steve would have given him, if he’d been there and Tony hadn’t blown it last night, and one extra just because he could.
He raised his hand, palm out, to keep Tony from interrupting.
Thor said.
He drifted off longing for the bright skyline of New York or Los Angeles, places he’d heard of but never seen where the light never went out, one arm draped over his wife, ignoring the way the black goat’s hideous leer seemed to wait behind his eyelids.
“I’m in the Clean Zone,” Tony said.
“I am a simple man, Tony.
He took off and dodged the reaching tentacles that snaked after him, but they flinched away from the blue white heat of the jets. He sliced through the tentacles that bound Thor on one side and they fell away without a fight.
“It’s just a thought,” Tony said.
“Alone.
We’ll find a way to help him,” Steve said.
The bare branches wept sourceless moisture onto the damp ground, and even the evergreens looked brown and brittle.
“You aren’t angry?”
Clint had been aiming an unsteady arrow at the door, but he lowered it when he identified them.
He tried to nod, but when he opened his mouth he only gagged.
“No extraction until Dr. McCoy and who knows who else get a chance to examine the data I sent back.”
“No!” Tony screamed.
He pushed play, and Carlton’s last words came through the speakers.
“Let’s find out.”
“Cut him down,” Tony said.
“Hear what?” Tony asked.
When he could no longer get a human work crew to come down here and he’d taken over clearing the tunnels himself, he’d been tempted constantly to keep a conversation going over the comm link.
“We must stop Her before She claims any more.”
Although much was covered by Steve’s winged cowl and general stoicism, his eyes were a little red and puffy.
“I’m not sure,” Tony said.
He stared down at his immovable hammer in desperate horror as he tried to drag it with him, the black veins bulging in his arms with the effort and his brow wrinkled with the confusion of one who has just seen a major pillar of his entire world melt away like an illusion.
She chose me to open the way, and She chose Mr. Buckman to guard it.”
As the lift shuddered into clanking life, he began to cough.
It’s not blank.
He made it to the Helicarrier still fashionably, or as Pepper would call it, infuriatingly late. He walked in to the briefing room with the faceplate still down, not sure who would be around or what they would see in his face if he raised it.
“Was is it?” Steve asked.
It has to charge up and… Well, it doesn’t matter much.”
Sarah lay on the porch with the rifle next to her.
Tony looked around and realized that the light of Mjolnir had gone out.
On the corner next to them was an old Queen Anne style mansion.
I can’t identify it, but I don’t think that’s the whole story.
He kissed the top of Tony’s head.
“I’d know your voice anywhere.
A noisome black sludge squelched around his ankles.
“There are other ways down,” Thor said.
Thor lay still, his hair fouled with mud and blood and tentacle fluid.
After a moment, a green light flashed at the top of the panel and the heavy door slid open.
His badge photo showed a pleasant, olive-complected face, a man who barely contained his smile for the staid work picture.
Thor’s blue eyes went grey when he was troubled, and now they were the color of thunderheads.
They were bound together with a shiny enameled keychain, a perfect replica of Steve’s shield.
He was active in the early thirties, part of the elite circle that formed in Boston after Pickman disappeared.
Clint could no longer access the Clean Zone.
“He’s almost home,” she said.
After that, he could be heard to mutter and sob, mother mother MOTHER in the distance, but the audio broke apart into the sinister hiss of the whisper repeating its terrible message.
“I’m not reading a second heartbeat,” Tony said.
To the right of the door was the most depressing bar Tony had ever seen, four wobbly formica stools pulled up to a scarred, splintery counter with a shelf full of dingy mismatched glassware behind it.
“They arrived and found most of the same thing we did.
“I guess.”
Steve would be hard enough to talk around anyway; Captain America on a mission was impossible
The muscles in his throat and chest still spasmed and he hung on Tony, but his mouth twisted into a black-stained, genuine smile.
“Yeah.
“Let’s get to work.”
I feel the same.
“I’m in,” she said.
“Wait, why are they wasting our time with this?
Tony caught him in his arms and the propulsion system whined with the added strain, but he brought them both to the ground.
“I’ll take point,” Steve said.
Tony shivered again and black streaks swam before his eyes.
Thor followed him in and tried the switch, throwing harsh, clinical white light across the main work room of the lab.
Tony reached out to hold him back while all around him the vague violet outlines of figures otherwise invisible crept and slithered in the deep darkness beyond their ragged circle of light.
He was surprised to enjoy the taste.
Like so many people in Old Crow, the cancer had gotten her.
Jimmy located the edge of the chasm and reached into the dark to get a grip and haul himself over.
“No, Tony, I’m not dead, though you have tried to give me a heart attack three times since you’ve been here.”
I hear Her calling, and I’m not sure how long I can hold out.
Talk about that again and I’ll make sure you spend a month on long-range patrol with Squirrel Girl.”
“Something that will make you feel better faster than flowers.
They drove down the mountain into deep November.
He swung the beam wild, looking for movement amid the wreckage.
“Don’t get all mushy on me, Big Guy.
“Hear what… wait, what is that?”
“I didn’t know about the contagion,” Fury said.
“Tony,” Steve warned.
“Nat…”
“I was advised,” Fury said with a tone of voice that indicated he’d been ordered, “That Doctor Banner’s talents would be better used in a consulting capacity, from a safe distance.
“I am,” Thor mumbled.
“OK, that’s more than enough of that,” Tony said.
Thor laughed and clapped Tony on the shoulder; if he had not been in the armor, he knew, it might have been a hug.
“You need to rest, and you can do so knowing that both the God of Thunder and some serious doors stand between you and harm from the outside.”
“Or what?”
Fatigue washed over him, too little sleep and too long within the confines of his suit.
“One day after they arrived, the Clean Zone became inaccessible.
“This is what you were looking for?
“Iron Man?”
Something moved under the skin of her deflated belly and Steve reached for the wound.
Thor’s face could be incredibly difficult to read if he chose, and the longer Tony sat up the more everything hurt, but he
He would have hated it here, but the signs of life were all around; a garden and a woodpile in the side yard, a bike with pink streamers in the handle bars and an ATV in a lean-to shed, even an old generator.
Scanners say it’s organic but not human, whatever it is.
“Whatever happened here, it didn’t stay limited to the lab.
He had no idea how much time had gone by when Steve’s voice next reached his ears.
You’re Avengers.
“No change,” Steve said, though his eyes said they’d gotten worse.
He forced his watering eyes open and found Steve watching him intently.
“Good enough,” he said.
No one wanted to talk about it, and it seems like the police departments in the neighboring towns don’t like to come up here.
“You have to eat anyway.
The shadows cleared to reveal a decontamination room, lined with showers and lockers.
“You think it’s going to be that simple?” Tony asked.
He shut them tight and curled against her back.
“What?” Tony said.
He could even fly the jet in an emergency.
“Doctor McCoy and Doctor Banner are nearly…Wait, where are you?”
Like everything else, it seemed that the human minders of this place had abandoned its security for more pressing concerns.
He and Natasha pulled up tables in the room full of shattered glassware and spent the rest of the evening in tense research.
He thought of the lost miners, of the faint incisions he’d seen near their bodies.
“These mountains are old,” Thor said.
He sank into a warm, buzzing darkness that closed over him like a wave.
Two operating tables equipped with restraints dominated the front half of the room, the walls and counters on either side ready with an array of gleaming saws, drills, and surgical implements.
He deserved it, though, for ordering Tony around.
The thing that had been James Buckman, Mother’s first born son, was not yet dead, and its long black fingers wrapped around Tony faster than anything he had seen.
“I haven’t been able to locate Dr. Machen’s personal files yet,” Tony told him.
The bright flashes of the repulsor beams gave the scene a strobe light effect, like the worst carnival fun house imaginable.
“An up-and-comer,” he reported.
Thor thought and drank while Tony analyzed.
Are you…?” Steve stood in the doorway, shield up, and let in the acrid stink of disinfectant.
Midmorning sunlight stabbed through his eyes straight into his aching head and it tasted like something furry had crawled into his mouth and died.
“That’s just the great outdoors,” Tony quipped.
Thor flexed his fingers and muttered under his breath as his corrupted blood pooled at his feet.
The three of them went through a small mudroom.
“More questions than answers,” Tony said, and the moment had passed.
“Good to hear.”
As his feet touched the floor, the overburdened stool fell to pieces with a clatter.
And now we have a whole town full of missing civilians on top of everything else.
“Mother.
Even through the view plate of the armor, Tony could tell there was something wrong with the whites and the blood vessels stood out stark black against the pale gray of his skin.
Tony crouched down and helped hold Thor up, noting as he did that the knee joint was sticking and would need to be repaired.
other metal pants,” Tony conceded.
Can you hear it?”
“Is that a no, then?”
“But the fog does smell weird.
“Tell us where they are and we will accept your surrender.
At last he felt like he could function, and he set to his first task.
Thor was correct; the local church should have been a great source of local information in a little place like this, but Tony did not want to venture toward the building.
He writes a lot of
Just anatomy studies,” Steve said, with such practiced nonchalance that Tony had to see.
“An aunt, mayhap.” Thor cracked a tired grin.
He unhooked the last intact seals on his chest and torso and allowed the whole plate to fall away.
“Anyone home?” he asked.
The signs are all over the place.
That tells me that they were either involved or they ended up like…like Carlton.”
“Thought what?”
The rest of the building held a half dozen rows of shelves cobbled together from wood and aluminum and sparsely stacked with cans and boxes.
“I wasn’t going to say that,” Tony lied.
“We are—“
“I left my spare in my
Eventually he shot up enough morphine to drop a draft horse and ended up dreaming permanently.”
“Steve,” he whispered through dry, fever-chapped lips.
“What about the last one?” Steve asked.
Anything over there?”
They pulled him, steady and gentle, toward the edge.
All I have to go on are the supplemental notes he typed in after he gave his verbal report.”
He climbed in and started it up, still adrenaline jittery from the close call in the cavern.
“Suit yourself,” Thor said.
“No,” Tony admitted.
“Not sure.
We have to get to Thor,” Steve said.
She chuckled a little after she said it, but not like anything was really funny.
Maybe that’s what happened.
The portal no longer seemed aware of them, as though Machen had been its only eyes, but the whole cavern vibrated with the impending labor.
His mother had died two years ago; she wouldn’t be answering her phone anytime soon.
She pulled her hand back and held it, balled into a fist, against her breast as they both took in the implications.
Something sinuous and black had begun to work its way out of the bullet wound, and it wriggled weakly in the light.
“It’s not a baby,” she whispered.
He paused for a moment to enjoy the feel of it on his burning face.
“Iron Man?
He coughed and jerked and struggled to sit up.
“We can check that last.”
Along the way they found more signs of a migration than just the isolated teddy bear.
He accepted a cup of coffee but wordlessly declined an invitation to stay.
“We aren’t going to get anything out of this guy that isn’t batshit crazy,” Tony said.
Thor looked as though he’d like to wipe his fingers on something, but couldn’t find anything handy.
Look at this stuff.
He flew for the edge, taking Steve with him.
I need to know what’s in this mountain, and I need my people pulled out.”
It’s not a…” Tony found he couldn’t make the comparison out loud, but they both knew what he was thinking.
“Don’t be so stubborn.
He retched again, but only a little came out of his mouth at first.
That’s all good to know, but why call us back?”
“I don’t think so.
Steve and Tony both settled in to their usual places, the same awkward silence that had been between them in the briefing personified by the empty middle seat where their friends usually rode.
He overrode the normal failsafe on the chest canon and blasted at nearly full power down into the thing, the light so blue it looked white, and Thor’s lightning matched it.
The last few seconds were filled with a strange sound that reminded Tony of both an animal braying and a nasty chuckling laugh, and then the recorder shut off for good.
The landowner, a Wiseneath Whately, remained local; that was his house we saw.
He called the computer back to life and began trying frequencies.
Her nightgown and even Steve’s uniform were black and stiff with the stuff.
Just in case.”
“No,” Thor chuckled, but it ended in another short bout of coughing.
“Don’t go anywhere,” he told the flopping corpse.
Thor already had his hammer swinging as he fired up the suit’s boosters and they took off into the thickening oily rain.
Dirt or gravel paths appeared like the mouths of caves in the wall of forest and vanished just as quickly, without a sign or even a mailbox to mark them.
“It would seem there are some forms of speech too old even for Asgardians to recognize,” Thor said.
But thank you.”
I hope we aren’t about to have a Norma Bates moment.”
Who had carved the relief?
He plunged one gloved hand into the writhing mass, grabbed ahold of whatever he could, and yanked it away from Tony.
Maybe they found something useful.”
“I’m going to check on Clint and Nat,” he said, but he didn’t immediately leave.
It fled the illumination much too fast for him to get a good look, but it cried out something wordless with corrupted vocal cords.
It was easy to get fanciful down here all alone, but these bones had been dead for better than a century, and they had nothing to say.
“An alien, I’d guess.
“Like something is listening,” she agreed.
“No, I am not,” Thor said.
“If you say ‘more deserving’, I will literally slap you.
They are resting.”
“Roger that,” Steve said, and cut him off.
He took a step back and adjusted Clint’s blanket where it had slid down so that it covered him again and murmured something in his own tongue over his fallen teammate.
“Is it really words?”
He looked up at Tony, and in that moment Tony did not see the ancient Norse god, the kind and cocky Lord of Lightning who strode into battle with his hammer held high.
Above them, the portal rumbled and quivered, but Tony tried to ignore everything around him as he reverse engineered the reactor into a weapon.
“That’s about right.
“What did you find?” Steve asked behind them.
The food was congealed into a week old mess, stale coffee growing fur in a cup next to it.
Tony heard a final click as the emergency lights died one step behind him.
He doubted many of them had been able to write at all.
He wondered what the others heard, but neither the shield nor the hammer wavered as the cavern below them caved in.
Thor moaned in the darkness and struggled, jerking and trying to twist away from the tentacles that pierced him from all sides.
“Go on and say it,” Tony sighed.
Thor grinned and raised his hammer, but above them all a series of sluices opened up and hosed the entire room with something pale green that smelled of ammonia.
He raised an eyebrow, then remembered she couldn’t see his face.
“Are you dead?”
The door he’d just come in closed behind Tony, and they stood in the crowded chamber for a moment in silence.
The glass had some sort of residue on it, like it had been splashed with dirty gray water.
I’m not sure, it might be his father or something.
He came to stand behind Tony and leaned over with his hands on the back of Tony’s chair.
They held each other in the rumbling dark.
“I think your hunch at the library was right,” Natasha said.
A modern sign outside the door said it was the Crow Mountain Congregation of the Old Ways, and the remaining letters of its announcement section seemed to promise a fish fry in honor of the ascension of the Blessed Alhazred, whoever that was, but it sat on a weathered hump of stone the same odd off-green color as the church and streaked with dark inclusions of coal.
Ropes of shadow held him up and more than a dozen tentacles fed on him.
“So what can you tell me?” Steve asked.
“We can take you back faster,” Tony said.
“Why not ask him?” Natasha pointed to her screen.
This time he used the edge of the shield and sliced the entire mass of tentacles off at one shoulder.
What I’m saying is, someone cleaned up after this guy, and I can’t find much on him.
We’re going to stop this thing and we’re all going home.”
She’d wanted him to have it, for her future daughter-in-law.
“That’s insane,” Steve said.
“Can we kill an Elder God?
I will heed…”
“We were hoping you and your husband might know more about what’s in there.”
We traipse out to Bumblefuck County on some shadowy uber-spook’s say-so without even a clear objective?”
The slow moving lift slammed to a hard stop, enough that he felt the impact through his suit but still held them both upright. Tony vaguely registered the distant sound of the chain breaking far above them and the rusty, tortured squeal of the old gears slipping and jamming.
Steve shrugs. "Guy's gotta make a living."
"But -" Steve starts, and is met by Tony's hand raised in his face.
"Come on, Phil, come on, fuck me,
(Sidebar: calling Tony his boyfriend? Yeah, that's never getting old.)
i changed my mind i don’t wanna kno
Steve shudders, not bothering to hide it. "I'm not cut out to be a socialite," he sighs. "The limelight washes me out."
? I wanna do this all the time, do you know what you look like-"
why do i even talk to you
Maybe he could just lie here until Pentecost is ready for round two. It's only providing the best service money can buy, and Steve is all about being good at his job.
THT WAS TERRIBLE
r u sure this isnt just a ploy to ask u out
"Steve, I want you to meet everyone. You know it's not like that."
Steve levels him a look. Sam cracks up, laughing until tears start streaming from the corners of his eyes. It's probably shock. Steve isn't that funny.
Steve exhales shakily. "Okay."
There is no relationship here at all.
Before he can say more, he finds himself pushed back into the counter, Tony's palm tipping his head down so Steve has nowhere to look but into those already-beloved eyes trying to bore through his skull.
"Likewise," Steve simpers, shaking it limply. It's taking everything he has not to burst out laughing and ruin the charade.
wow ok
"Pants," Phil directs as he undoes his tie. Steve's stomach leaps, and he unzips and pushes his pants and underwear off together, stretching out over the sheets, head propped up on his pillow for a better view. He has never done this in his own bed, he realises. He never brings dates or clients back to his place, and the knowledge that it's Phil with him here, Phil who knows who he is, knows him better than anyone in this time, is shattering. The last of his walls crumble, and Steve lies there naked and open, no pretense left to hide behind, the need for this filling him up until he overflows.
God. Peggy must've
last time s/o tried 2 ask u out u thot theyd genuinely lost their dog n spent 2 hrs looking 4 it
Oh. Okay, then. That is an acceptable alternative.
The silence lasts for a few long moments before Stacker sighs.
"It's Pepper's birthday soon, and I appear to have exhausted my credit when it comes to handing over my card and telling her to go to town."
"What, an ass?" Tony counters, voice thick with amusement.
"You have done your homework," she muses, clearly pleased. Steve smiles crookedly.
i’ll see you later, buck
All through November, Steve isn't short on work. Just the opposite; in the run-up to Christmas, it seems like everyone wants him to take them to concerts and galleries and corporate parties. He starts to look forward to the odd night in, the chance to curl up on his couch with a book and a cup of tea spiced with vodka for warmth. He calls his friends more, too, misses them when he can't see them because of everyone's schedules filling up.
"Darling? I have a problem."
"I really shouldn't," Phil says, patting his flat stomach. "I'm not getting out in the field as much as I used to, and I'm definitely past the age when that didn't use to matter. Being a handler isn't quite the same as being an active agent, whatever platitudes Nick tries to feed me."
but seriously for a second, if you don’t want to you can just say no. i’m not into forced consent, like, at all. you don’t owe me this.
"Sweet Jesus," the man says in his ear, one thigh creeping between Steve's. "You're hot as sin."
Beggars can't be choosers, but Steve is lucky that, so far at least, his luck seems to be holding.
He walks home that day feeling loose and warm, the anxiety that he's getting used to finding coiled tightly in his gut a little less pronounced. He stops for a bagel and sits on a park bench in a spot of sunshine, watches dogs caper after toys and kids play hide-and-go-seek as he snarfs it down, suddenly ravenous; and, fleetingly, the feeling creeps up on him: he's glad he's still alive.
. Leave me your number before you go, will you? You like art, there's a gallery thing I have to go to in two weeks, and I'll need someone to talk to who doesn't make me fall asleep. Assuming your schedule is free, of course? I'll email you the details."
It makes Steve grin evilly in anticipation. Whatever, there's no one around to see him. He's a terrible person, but he settles back into his couch, puts his feet up on the coffee table, and says, "Fella by the name of Tony Stark."
"Now you're just being ridiculous," Pepper says with a roll of her eyes.
He has to tell
"I kind of want you to fuck me against the wall," Laeticia muses, hands tracing Steve's shoulders, his chest. Steve's own hands are on her waist, tugging her shirt out of her skirt to get at more skin. "Except that you already did all the work there, and that would just be ungrateful. Come on."
"Yeah, yeah."
Phil waits for him in what Steve has come to think of 'his' seat, in the corner of the room, putting his back to the wall, very considerately leaving Steve to take the other chair facing the room. Once a soldier, Steve thinks, dropping his bag by the table and leaning in to give Phil a hug. It's a recent development, and Steve still chuckles sometimes when he thinks of the mixture of shock, awe, and a hint of panic on Phil's face the first time Steve had gone for one. The guy could really use them, though – now, nearly two months after the start of this new custom, Phil leans into Steve's arms with no hesitation.
The bartender throws his head back and laughs. Steve's eyes catch on the perfect arch of his throat, and he finds himself swallowing reflexively.
ull b bored
wait no
"How about this one?"
c tht last bit thr? ur failing tht mission captain
"There. Now you can complain to me about your not-boyfriend, and I can continue your education in modern-day pop culture."
Figured you’d want to know.
far from his roots), asking the girls how they like to be approached in bars, and the results are pretty straightforward – 'be polite' seems top of the list, followed by 'respectful', and 'upfront' when it comes to the business part of the evening. Steve has never had trouble being any of those things – he is more appalled that men in this day and age need to be schooled along those lines. Steve isn't going to the bar looking for a fight, but if he finds any young man abusing women's good nature, there will be words.
Thank you for your email. I’ll look into it.
"So let me take you out already."
Her eyes bore a hole through his chest, languid and satisfied; Steve leaves feeling pretty damn great about himself.
Steve can't help but tense. Phil strokes his wrist in apology. "I don't want to lie to you anymore, Steve. Contrary to what you might think, it's exhausting, and it doesn't give me pleasure. Agent Carter is alive. She is housed in a care facility in Washington DC. She is not well," he cautions. As if Steve wouldn't have known that, for how old she is now. "Her memory is slowly going, but she still has lucid days. They take excellent care of her there. I'll email you the address."
Steve judges it prudent to slip his hand to midway up Tony's thigh and squeeze gently. Tony straightens in his chair, sucking in an audible breath.
Christmas comes and goes, and Steve keeps going with it. He meets Stacker again, at another UN-hosted party, and any worry he might have had over his reaction disappears when Stacker draws him aside and asks if Steve maybe wants to hold him down this time. Steve definitely wants, and it's just as incredible as it was the last. It's reassuring, to know that some things don't change, even when everything else around him seems to be spinning on and on through space, taking Steve along for the ride.
"I have zero doubts about that, but if you do I won't last five minutes. I want to fuck you."
Steve barks a laugh. "Hell no," he says, but his blood is singing, and he feels alive in a way no orgasm can give him. "You gonna fly us out of here, Stark?"
. The whole experience is completely different from what Steve had, shamefully and in secret, fantasized about. He had thought, maybe, that there would be more banter, more butting of heads and trying to learn how they fit together. And there is that, sure; he and Tony talk like they can't bear to accept that they are two separate people outside of each other's heads. They argue about ridiculous things - like the travesty of cilantro in tacos (Steve happens to like it, but Tony maintains it tastes like soap), and why Tony should not buy Steve a Porsche, like that's a
"Uh huh. Shit. Does everyone know? -No, they can't, it'd be all over the news."
"What are you two talking about," Phil demands, materialising behind Clint.
He tears the top open, and the first thing he sees is the damn blanket he'd hemmed and hawed over for ten whole minutes before deciding he just wasn't going to spend
I should go on another mission. It sucks running missions without you and the team, but honestly, it’s the only thing that’s keeping me sane at this point. I mean, I’m definitely not as bad as I was before Bucky. I don’t want everything to - go away.
I just got one question for you. Why the fuck did you HAVE to be such a bastard?? Why couldn't you have given me a heads up, i just don't get it, i know, i KNOW you aren't a stuck-up granddad. I KNOW you. You aren’t cruel, whatever else you can be. I thought you, i thought we
She doesn't give him much time to make a move, though. She stalks to the bed, bracing one knee by his hip so she can throw her other leg over him, straddling his groin.
He checks the headboard for damage once Katya is lax and spent, eyes closed as she catches her breath. It's only good sense; but it looks like his caution paid off. Relaxing, he lets himself tumble onto the bed, too, curling on his side to press kisses into Katya's stomach and ribs. She threads one hand into his hair, tugging lightly and scratching at his scalp.
Phil shrugs. "I like it, so I wanna put a ring on it. Do you?"
"Yes. I—I've decided to start dating." He throws Phil a searching glance, reassured when Phil merely smiles encouragingly. "I mean, I'm not sure how ready I am for a full-on relationship, what with all the things I can't talk about, but. I was thinking it might be nice to go out to dinner with people, try the, uh, the sex thing." Why is this so hard to say? He's going to be having it for money soon. He should be able to
its fine
But sometimes I sit in Shuri’s lab and watch her work, and I daydream about you walking through the door. You’d take off your sunglasses with that snappy move, and you’d look around, no doubt taking in the whole place in a split second. And then you’d say something like, “Did I die? Is this Heaven? Hey, kid, you run this joint? Tell me EVERYTHING. What is
But I can see now that I wasn’t alone in feeling some things that made me uncomfortable. Reading your letters - it made me realise how unfair the whole situation was. Yes, you hurt me. But I hurt you too, I think. And you’re right. We are adults - or as much of one as I’ll ever admit to being.
kinda
"Okay?" Shawn asks. One of his large hands curls around Steve's wrist again, and Steve sags against the wall, the tension going out of him.
um, the… former? very badly, apparently.
Steve wants to berate him for his cavalier attitude to his health, but a) it would be hypocritical to an extent he isn't entirely comfortable with, and b) see re: they don't have that kind of relationship. Tony is not his boyfriend, or someone whose health should be of concern to Steve.
"After everything you've done for this country, Captain Rogers, it seems incredibly ungrateful to just cut you loose. I'm sorry. I'm not happy about this. I want you to know I'll keep chipping away at them. I never… This isn't the SHIELD I knew when I joined up."
"I trust Jarvis more to fly you home safely than I trust you when you're this tired," Steve chides gently, taking Tony's hand and leading him to the couch. Tony drops onto it with a sigh, letting his head fall to the back cushion.
"I'm going to rip Coulson into tiny little shreds," is what Tony says. The tone is conversational, but his eyes reveal the fury inside.
"So, ix-nay on our date?" Tony says, attempting casual. "I wasn't
"There's never going to be a right moment for a conversation like that," Steve says roughly. His legs feel all shaky, so he staggers to the couch and sags onto the cushions, putting his face in his hands. "You still should've told me."
Maybe i should go back to building robots. It was the one other thing i’m good at. Only - no more AIs, ever. Friday is the last one. I deleted all the other assistants. don’ t say killed. I never ran them. I just wrote them and they stayed in code, but no more. Better that they never come online than to have another Ultron.
"Listen," Yingtai says. When Steve looks up, she has her bottom lip between her teeth, chewing on it a little before she speaks again. "I know it's none of my business, but my buddy Sam runs a VA meeting a few blocks from here. If you ever feel like going, let me know and I'll set you up."
A cruel smile twisted Thor’s blackened lips into an expression that he had never worn.
“It’s a monument, but not like any I’ve ever seen.”
While he was having faith, and falling, he pep talked himself that maybe Thor was down here, alive and in need of help.
Everything should be in his log.”
He flicked the visor back open with irritation.
His stomach hurt and he wondered when he’d last eaten.
He could not hear it scream, but he felt vibration in the air all around him as the countless remaining arms flew his way.
“In the hour before dawn,” Thor said.
He folded it up and tucked it within his helm, for lack of anywhere else to put it, but he liked feeling it against his only accessible skin.
He’s in full Captain mode.”
“No thanks,” Tony said.
“Whatever this is, it’s contagious.”
He raised his hands, palms out, and spoke low and soothing.
he kept from saying.
He’s been making regular payments to a James Buckman for a few months, and the guy was even having his taxes witheld.”
He stopped it in time.
Tony answered him with a small shake of his head, and Thor rolled his eyes in most un-godlike gesture.
He woke up on his cot with the blanket balled under his head and did not remember how he came to be there.
“He’s not.
“I have a plan,” she said.
“I find that easier to believe than the evidence that you carry a handkerchief around with you.
He tried to hold still and fumbled the stupid device the right way around.
“No choice.
“Steve?
“No way.
“I might have been in other circumstances,” Thor admitted.
Steve would never have listened anyway.
Tony rolled his eyes inside his helm and gouged some potential samples out of the door frame.
Tony fought panic, cut off inside the armor and listening to it try to pry its way in.
“We need someone to stay with Clint, and you will do a better job digging around here than Thor would.
Still under full quarantine.
The rational part of his mind denied any connection was likely, but he could feel that their present mission was the latest detail in a very large picture.
“Iron Man, report,” Steve said in his ear.
CLEAN ZONE ALPHA stood out in big red letters against the flat steel.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to think of what to say.
Tony startled and the visor of his armor clicked shut.
He was no expert, but the figures didn’t look like they were all the same age or made by the same person.
I had to filter and enhance the sound on the earlier ones, but it’s there under everything.
Steve shot Tony a look and his eyes mirrored Tony’s own concern.
“What is it?” Thor asked.
Crow Mountain rumbled and heaved beneath them and Thor’s lightning raged uncontrolled over the dark afternoon sky.
The darkness and silence was so sudden and absolute that he thought for the space between his breaths and heartbeats that he had died, and he heard his mother calling him in for lunch.
The image struck him as funny, in an awful way.
“So did you speak to him?”
“Maybe in there,” Clint said.
He lowered his bow and wiped his mouth.
At this, Steve and Tony turned their heads to look at each other so fast that Tony’s armor made a tiny whir of protest.
Rain pattered around them and a strong wind whipped the trees, but Tony couldn’t fight anymore.
He opened the man’s filthy suit coat and located his SHIELD badge clipped low against his ribs.
The sculptor had left some of the details vague, giving the piece an impressionistic sense of motion.
Married young and has an eleven year old daughter.
“What about the lab?”
“Brain activity is minimal and the vitals are all over the place.
“She needs help.”
Remember the bottles of beer song?”
“What did you find?” Steve asked them.
The helm itself began to buckle and liquid darkness seeped within the face plate.
So let’s go.
“How is he in trouble already?
“Steve,” he said into the comm, “Steve, we have an issue here.”
He thought you were serious.”
Clint’s did, too, wiry and callused in their distinctive way.
“Yeah.”
So did the first European settlers.
Tony took as much extra time as he could ferrying provisions out of the Clean Zone, but is still seemed too soon that the door shut behind him with a final puff of disinfectant and left him alone for the night with Steve.
“Let’s get a few samples of this crap,” he said, and he no longer met Tony’s eyes.
From his notes, it seems that his team decided to ask the locals for information.
“An Elder God.”
“I think it belongs to a private collector now.
Because if you are, you could just break up with him while there’s still a chance to save your working relationship.”
Steve seemed to sense what he wanted and tugged Thor across their laps until another bout of wet coughing forced him to stop.
You sent us in blind and now half my team is fucking compromised.”
The story I heard was that he became more and more obsessive about his dreams and started chasing them with drugs.
I’ve transmitted the contents of the recorder to Fury’s secure channel.
The faint hiss of the sprinkler cut off and the far door slid open, admitting them to the Clean Zone.
Cap, Iron Man, you two are in charge.
The blow made a sound like a rotten fruit bursting and a long streak of fluid showed black on the shield, but despite the fatal blow, the thing did not die.
Tony took off to fly a few loops around the site, irritated at every single one of these scientists and Fury because he didn’t have time for this.
Tony could hear him calling out incoherently beyond, muffled by the heavy steel door.
He had a headache and wanted to lie down.
“It sounds foolish when you say it that way.”
“It has been half a year,” Thor said.
“We both know I’m not going to do that.”
And since when do you say ‘shack up’?
Steve struggled to sit up, racked with wet, breathless coughing.
“All right,” Tony said.
Even Morgantown or Blacksburg is too risky.
He turned and saw that four of the monsters were still whole and motivated enough to fight, but they flinched from the light of his reactor.
“The last words of Agent Alexander Carlton.”
“Thor was right.
“It could take us a whole hour to talk to all these people,” Tony said.
He tried not to think what would happen if the filtration failed as it finally lost its grip on him and fell away, shrieking and burning.
Thor slid the donut box to him.
The serum will protect me, and Thor is not human.
Here, this one is the next to last.
You want to be together, so try admitting that to him for once.”
“He kept trying to leave, so I restrained him.”
“You are a man of science, Herr Stark,” he crowed.
“But I want someone here in case something changes.”
“One.
He thought of Natasha’s face, and the grey-shot whites of her eyes, and queued up the file.
He recognized what she was doing; like him, she found calm in her work.
“I’m going to go get some coffee,” Steve announced.
He wasn’t sure what he’d expected— more tunnel, more than likely, or a little dead end where the work had stopped— but he found himself in a vast cavern.
He’d sat up too fast and the room spun dizzily.
“Thor!” Tony shouted.
She and Steve now stood on the porch, but he still kept her behind the shield.
“So who is he?
“Come in first,” Tony said.
If I am to go to Valhalla, I would prefer to see the matter settled.”
I don’t know how it’s possible, but the signs say that all the missing people contracted some unknown disease that caused them to leave willingly, and I can’t risk you.”
He engaged all of the suit’s exterior lighting and aimed the main beam straight ahead, so bright that Steve blinked watering eyes at it and Thor flinched away as though it caused him physical pain.
“I built a suit that can kill you,” he said, and immediately wished he could suck it back between his lips.
“Steve, there are over a hundred people missing at this point…” Tony started, but Steve shook his head decisively.
Some enterprising intern even found a few mentions of the place from before white settlers came.
It’s too late for him.”
What…Do you know what he wants to do now?”
I need you to go down there and find out what’s going on, salvage what you can.
Are they all handkerchiefs?”
All of us.
Then he shook his head and followed Tony out of the room.
Steve lifted him against his hip and they felt their way through the darkness by the feeble light of Tony’s secondary arc reactor, flickering dimmer and brighter in time with his failing heartbeat.
You want it loose in Manhattan?
They hadn’t been crushed by the rocks, was the worst thing.
It’s my job to read people.
He stepped across the muddy ground, Mjolnir in his tense hand, and a low rumble of thunder growled above them.
The money would be in the account tomorrow, he thought like a mantra, like saying the Lord’s Prayer each night with his mother.
Clint and Natasha were gone.
Shadowy arms struck like snakes, but Steve was there, as Tony had known he would be.
Like a solar flare, more light and heat than concussion.
He smiled at Tony with his hair flopped into his eyes.
“You know, in Asgard, putting on special armor so you can give me a good fight would be considered foreplay.”
“These are all over a week old.
Then go to my lab.
Ventilation grills in the floor and ceiling blew a constant, steady stream of air that dried the antiseptic quickly. “No sign of the weird residue in here, or any of those… things,” he said.
He felt nothing wholesome or worthwhile could come from that filthy pit.
The old exo suit made more ominous grinding and clanking sounds every hour, and he didn’t want to have to ask his employer for another.
“Machen’s research,” Tony said.
He hopped down on the layer of freshly pulverized gravel and clipped a safety line to the suit.
“They have gone where we all must go,” Machen half sang.
A late model Jeep Cherokee with a Mountaineers bumper sticker sat outside next to an older pickup, and Tony could see boxes or suitcases stacked inside the Jeep.
Tired of waiting, he strode off down the hallway.
What did Thor bring you?
There would be someone, he knew, if he dug deep enough.
“You would not dare.”
“This room must be safe. “
“Keys to the Tower, my house in Malibu, all of it.
“He said She chose him,” Sarah said.
The yellow dividing line in the middle was the only color in a whole landscape that should have been ablaze in red, orange, gold, and pine green, even on a dank afternoon.
If it’s donuts I will have to confiscate them.”
Like permanently.
But where had they all gone if they weren’t dead?
Thor hefted Mjolnir and followed, but he moved in a daze and Tony could see why Steve wanted him between them.
Steve held his slimy glove out away from him, though a dark stain slowly spread around the waist of his pants.
Try again,” he said.
He could give the code, but what if the suit had picked up on a real threat?
“Tony,” Steve said.
It has to be stopped, and it seems like Machen is the least of our worries.”
Rotten stone crumbled and fell, glancing off the shield.
You two get me anything you can on Crow Mountain, and I don’t care who you piss off or how you get it.”
He vanished into the deep shadow and they heard a soft, wet sound, like pulling out after sex.
Inky gunk flowed from the stumps and they began to lose color, like a vein devoid of blood.
The mining company went bankrupt but soon reformed elsewhere, absent Mr. Whately, who stayed on here.”
She traced a finger along the lantern and studied the light mechanism.
His mother had had her cross stitch and her soap operas when the skies were clear enough to get the signal, but ever since he was a child, Jimmy had loved to dig.
“The rest of you, come with me.
He was safe, and totally alone.
Its empty sockets stared up at him in the light from the suit’s lamps, warning or accusing.
One of those things he’d sworn off many times, only to return in times of crisis.
“Kind of,” Tony admitted.
“No Doctor Banner?” Steve was clearly unhappy with all of this, from having information withheld to having his team chosen for him.
The pressure had dented the suit but fortunately had not punctured or immobilized the knee joint.
He wanted to increase the range, all right, but I don’t see any sign that he wanted to control it.
A brief look passed between Steve and Thor, and Steve got up from his chair.
The paper had dozens of tiny sketches, hands doing all sorts of things, and a few hazy figures in repose.
“Thor?
There’s something in there that my scanners don’t know what to do with.”
Steve snorted, faint but still audible, telling Tony that he had a list of things Tony should work on himself.
Not yet.
And there was NOTHING here.
“Let me hear the recorded logs,” Steve said.
In minutes they had the ledge clear.
Tony heard it hit, but he was already on his way to Steve, slicing through the awful things in their tattered filthy lab coats as they flinched away from the light.
Steve held a hand out and Tony took it.
Their faces were so close he could smell Steve’s skin even under the layers of strange soap and harsh disinfectant.
It turned its blind, demanding need on its host, grasping for the body with new found strength.
“Really?
He began to spin the hammer in his hand and stretched his other out to them.
"I don't like that undershirt much, either," he supplies, slightly breathless, and lets out a pornographic moan when Steve fists his hands in it and rips that apart, too.
Pentecost chuckles before clearing his throat. "Hardly, Mister Rogers. That would be a crime in itself."
"No permanent marks," Steve says immediately. Just because he won't remain marked is no reason not to set boundaries. Besides, his clients don't know that, and while Steve likes a little pain with his sex, he
"It was exactly what I wanted," Steve confirms. He isn't planning on moving for the rest of the night.
"What else you gonna do to me," Steve whispers, and Shawn takes that as permission to tell him, in filthy, incredible detail, just what he plans. When he gets to how he's going to stick his tongue inside Steve, have him come on that, Steve starts shaking, and can't stop, and seconds later he is pulsing all over his stomach and sounding like someone is – well, fucking him sideways, if anyone wanted to make a point of it.
"Oh," Steve breathes, impressed. "Pleasure to meet you, Mister Jarvis."
"Talk to me now instead." Tony's voice comes from very close behind him. Steve turns to find him standing a couple of steps away, dropping his jacket over the top of one of Steve's kitchen chairs. Then he steps closer, and the soft tenderness Steve sees laid bare across his features makes him quake right to his core.
, fucking deeper and deeper inside him, until the small of his back starts to ache from unused muscles being strained. Steve has never had anything so big inside him, and he damn near writhes on Pentecost's length, clenching down reflexively.
She solves his quandary for him, fisting her hand in his hair and tugging until he looks at her face.
The next morning, he gives in and calls Phil.
Steve shrugs. "Well, you did say you wanted to get to know me better."
morning :)
"This is Sergeant Rogers," Tony says to the circle of... Steve hesitates to call them his friends. Perhaps 'vultures' would be a more appropriate term. Tony, by contrast, looks at him like he only has eyes for Steve that evening. Steve knows it's an act, but it's one he's finding very easy to swallow.
"Remarkable, isn't it?" the lady says. Her voice is plum-rich and smooth like maple syrup, hitting just the right register to be beautiful to his ear. He turns to find a stunning strawberry-blonde woman examine the painting with the kind of focus reserved by most people for a sumptuous meal – or a person they would love to fuck.
wht am i chopped liver
c u saturday cap
Pentecost slides a hand along Steve's back, under his t-shirt. "Don't be stupid, of course it's okay," he says, still breathing hard.
"They've been trying to shut it down, Tony," Steve argues gently. "SHIELD is a huge organisation, no one can be everywhere all the time; and HYDRA are sneaky, they don't play by the rules."
Steve gives in and winces. "Refer to my statement on glass houses," he advises, looking around like a way off this ridiculous vessel will just fall into his lap, tied prettily with a bow. "Definitely a client I will not be taking on again."
A couple of weeks after that, he finds himself at a gathering thrown by the Mayor of New York to honor the city's leading art philanthropists, of whom Katya is one. It is held in one of the Met's big public galleries, kept open for the night. The walls are covered in modern art. Steve is a little bit in heaven, even if some pieces are flat-out incomprehensible to him. Maybe he should enrol in that Art History course at NYU that he'd been looking into. It'll keep his mind busy, if nothing else. Katya is chatting up some art dealer, leaning close and flirting shamelessly, so Steve considers himself free to indulge a little until she wants to dance.
The apartment is on the small side, which is not surprising in a building of this size and age. It's spacious, though, and scrupulously clean, as if it's a point of pride.
It's not that Steve is blindsided - Phil has been dropping more and more pointed hints for the past few weeks - but he's still pretty shocked to be woken up at three in the morning by Jarvis' insistent light pulses and low tones of alarm.
"Why, Mister Rogers, you do look extraordinarily like an old fossil my father used to know."
