“Oh, Cas.” Charlie said and threw her arms around him, pulling him into a tight hug. “I am so sorry.” She added and Castiel hugged her back, looking at Gabriel over her head. “What is wrong?”
“Dean!” Castiel dropped to his knees next to Dean who was lying on the floor, body shaking with the electric currency flowing through him. The rain and lightning immediately stopped as Sam stood in shock, watching his brother clutching one hand to his chest, fighting to breathe. “Oh my god, Dean!” Sam took Dean’s hand and watched in horror as Dean’s body suddenly went limp, eyes closed and head rolling to the side.
“How would you describe your gift, Sam? What does it feel like for you?” Castiel asked, not noticing the look Dean was giving Sam, daring him to say something. Castiel stepped even closer to Dean, leaning against him, subconsciously searching for more physical contact and Sam averted his eyes, unable to hide his grin from Dean.
“You can fly? That is so cool.” Dean said, stepping closer to Castiel. “Do you think you could fly both of us up there?” Castiel finally looked at Dean and grinned a bit at the thought of carrying Dean. “A bit lazy, are we?”
. The end of Dean’s sentence stayed unspoken as he realized what Cas was talking about and got up. “Okay, let’s go.” They made their way to the exit, but Castiel’s plan to take Dean to his room and show him his wings in their full form ended abruptly as Sam walked in.
They used a different door this time, and Dean realized they had never finished the tour Castiel had wanted to give him. All he had seen so far was the “mountain” and the beach. Now they were walking towards another building. Dean assumed it must be the gym, given the fact that he could see at least three people working out there.
“Come on in, Dean.” Dean followed Castiel‘s voice past some cantilevered steps to his left and found him in a white, modern kitchen. “Nice room you got here.” Dean said, looking around, amazed as he did not expect anything like this.
“He’s strong. Like, super strong. He is still learning not to accidentally break everything he touches.” Castiel explained as Dean looked at him quizzically. “He’s making good progress though, seeing as my shoulder is still intact. Risky, what he just did there.” Cas added, rubbing the spot that Benny just touched. “Wow. That must suck.” Dean said, unable to imagine what it must be like to break everything with a simple touch. “How long has he been here?” Dean asked as they continued walking, taking Castiel’s hand again. “Little more than a month. With all the progress he is making he’ll be able to leave in about three months.” Dean’s eyes widened. “Three months? That’s so long. Do you think I’ll have to stay that long? And Sammy?” Much to Dean’s relief, Cas shook his head. “No. You got lucky, it seems like you got two Gifts that you’ll have to learn to use, rather than to suppress. It’s always easier to learn a new skill than it is to stop yourself from doing something that happens subconsciously. It’s like trying to force yourself to unlearn a reflex. Some people never manage it, Benny is making great progress.” Dean nodded slowly, walking back into the main building. “What about Sam? It seems like he is using his gift as a reflex.” Castiel shrugged, leading Dean to the cafeteria. “True, but just think about how much he learned in the course of one day. He is showing great promise. I am sure you two will be able to leave in no time.” Dean smiled at that, relieved that Sam would not be missing out on too much education. It was important to him that Sam got his scholarship, that he went to Stanford to study law, that his little brother got everything he wanted in life.
Cas's eyes widened as dark red liquid spilled out and ran over Cain's hand, dripping into the white sand. Cain opened his mouth as if to say something but out came only a gargling noise and a spray of blood drops, splattering across Castiel's face. Cain sank to the floor, twitching one last time before finally stilling for good, bleeding out into the sand.
Dean heard the squirt of the lube and groaned hard as he felt Cas reach around him, another finger stroking Dean's rim before pressing in, stretching him further. “I need you.” Dean breathed, nothing more than a whimper and pulled out his fingers, convinced he was stretched enough to take Castiel's cock. He added generous amounts of lube onto Castiel’s cock, slicking him up efficiently.
Even as he fell he still tried to reach for his son, trying to take him down with him, or maybe just to hold onto something. Either way, Dean felt no guilt as he watched his old man tumble down the stairs. Not even when he heard the loud crack that accompanied his father’s head hitting the floor. The guilt would come later that day, but in this moment Dean only felt relieved to have saved Sammy from his father’s wrath.
Castiel sighed softly and got to his feet, forcing Dean to sit up as he did not let go of his hand. “Come on. We'll go talk to Chuck, see what we can do. There has to be something.”
Kevin nodded with a sheepish grin. “I came here shortly before I turned fifteen. Being here gave me time to focus on schoolwork and schoolwork only, there are not a lot of distractions. I had been home schooled anyway, so I brought my teacher along, studied with no breaks and had my high school diploma by the time I was sixteen.”
“Nothing that I know of, no. What does that mean, my skin regenerates?” Castiel gave a short shrug as Dean crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I guess that depends on how fast it regenerates but it could mean that your body takes less time to heal external wounds. Check the band aid on your arm. If my theory is correct, then there should be nothing under it.”
“It’s fine, really. It’s quite peaceful most of the time.” Castiel tried to explain as he saw Dean’s expression.
“What was that all about?” Gabriel asked as Meg patched up Castiel’s hand and Castiel looked at him surprised. With all the unusual things that Castiel had done and said over the course of the past few weeks, Gabriel had never questioned him, never pushed him to talk about it.
Under different circumstances Dean would have found this funny, but right now it made him feel sick. The longer he spent with Castiel, the more aware he was of all the things in life that had been so trivial for him and that Castiel was missing out on. Driving in a car, going hiking in the actual mountains, seeing wide, green fields of grass, experiencing the beauty of nature in general. Some clouds moved in front of the sun, casting a shadow onto them, making the whole situation even sadder.
“What about our lives? I have school on Monday, you have work. How am I supposed to explain this to my friends? I can’t just send a group text saying ‘Hey, I inherited some magic Gene and now I have to learn how to properly control the weather, see you in a few days.’ They’ll think I’m crazy.” It was true, in some way Castiel was lucky, not knowing a life outside of the Institute.
The wings were big, almost big enough to brush the ceiling. Right now they were tense and pulled to Castiel’s sides, but Dean had a feeling they would be even bigger once Castiel relaxed. The long, dark feathers were shimmering like silk, and Dean had to step away to fight his urge to touch them. “They’re beautiful.”
“I was just glad I didn't lose you today.” Castiel finally said, moving one hand to caress Dean's cheek. Dean closed his eyes at the gentle touch and let himself enjoy it for a while before turning his head and kissing Cas' fingertips. “I'm glad I didn't loose you, too.” Dean replied earnestly, resting his own hand on the back of Castiel's neck and pulling him in for a long, slow kiss.
“So you’re going full Halle Berry now? Do I have to mentally prepare for tight leather outfits?” Dean joked, grinning at Sam’s face. “Oh shut up, jerk.”
“You shut up about it, you're the whole reason Dean wasn't here to protect her. If you hadn't been so self centered and horny none of this would have happened. You two are lucky that it wasn't me in here with him, I would have-”
Dean did exactly the opposite of what Castiel was asking for. He dropped his hand from Castiel’s wing and Castiel let out a needy whine that he would have been embarrassed for, had he not been so turned on. “Dean.” The single word was all Castiel could muster, but Dean understood. Stepping against Castiel he smashed their lips together in a hungry kiss, gripping the base of both wings tightly with his hands.
“You look cute when you blush.” Dean repeated, still looking at Castiel with that same confident smirk. It was obvious that he was much more comfortable with the whole situation than Castiel. He was not used to getting compliments of any sort, especially not with that flirtatious tone of Dean’s.
“Dean.” He said softly, hoping to get the other man's attention. When Dean didn't reply, Castiel kneeled next to him and took his hand. “Are you alright?” He asked, worried as Sam had done quite a number on Dean. Even though Dean had evidently healed already, Castiel was worried about Dean's state of mind. Rightly so.
“I got you something.” Sam decided to let his brother believe that he had stayed up rather than blaming him for waking him up. Deans eyes dropped to the blue box and he raised an eyebrow. “Thought we said no presents? I don’t want you wasting your money on me.”
What followed was an uneven struggle. Dean held back, knowing this was not his brother acting, unwilling to actually hurt him. He talked to him though, willing him to take control, begging Azazel to stop. None of it worked and Sam showered him in punches, any damage he did healing almost immediately. It still hurt Dean, but he could take it. This was only temporary and he had had worse. In a way, he deserved everything he got, for bringing this onto Sam and for not being there to help Meg.
Sam had already been asleep when his brother came home from work. As always, Dean tried his best to be quiet but didn’t quite succeed. Sam could hear his brother rummaging in the fridge, seemingly looking for a late night snack. The boy wanted to just roll over and continue to sleep, but the sudden realization struck him that it was after midnight and therefore Deans birthday. Since Dean was most likely not going to stop making noise any time soon, Sam thought he might as well get up and give him his present. He swung his legs out of the bed and looked at his phone. January 24th, 3:08am. Great time to be awake.
“I think you might not be motivated enough yet.” Azazel said and turned his back to Castiel as he looked at Sam. “Samuel.” Castiel was about to leap onto Azazel as Sam, who had stood entirely motionless throughout the whole exchange, suddenly started moving. He revealed the big blade he had been holding behind his back and slowly turned it against himself. His eyes sought out Castiel's and a single tear ran down Sam's cheek as his body did no longer follow his own will. He did not want to do it, he did not want to hurt himself. His eyes were the only thing that revealed the pain he was in as he slowly dragged the blade across his arm. Blood filled the thin line and spilled over, running down and dripping off his fingers onto the white floor.
“Is there dessert?” Dean broke the silence, pushing his empty plate from him. Disappointingly, Castiel shook his head. “Not this time of the day. Official dinner is at seven, there is a good possibility that they’ll serve dessert then.”
“No one is killing anybody.” Chuck said and though his voice was calm, it was clear that there was no room for discussion here. “If word gets out about this, this whole organization might crumble. So unless you want to spend the rest of your days locked up in a cell alongside all of us, you will not disobey me in any way. The violence ends right now. We will sit it out.”
Hey guys! The last chapter got a few really nice comments that totally made my day. Thanks a lot for that!
“Happy Birthday, Dean.” Sam smiled and moved a hand through his hair as he placed the box on the kitchen table. Dean turned around from his position at the window and looked at Sam with a smile on his face. “Thanks, Sammy. You could have told me that in the morning though. It’s late. No need to stay up that long.”
“I saw what happened that day, remember? I was the one who called Bobby while you were still standing there, staring at dad’s body. You…” Sam couldn’t stand it anymore, Dean was looking so miserable. He leaned forward and pulled him into a hug, wrapping his long arms around Dean’s torso securely. “You saved me, Dean. You saved both of us.” Dean hugged him back, hesitantly at first, then stronger, clinging onto his younger brother.
“Dean.” He tried again, more urgently this time. Even though he consciously knew that Dean was only looking for a way to take out his frustration, he subconsciously started getting annoyed with Dean's childish behavior.
Cool air filled his lungs and he stopped for a moment, resting his head on the ground, one arm free, the other one still stuck in the dirt with the rest of his body.
“Dean?” Charlie is the first to say anything, voice shaking as she walks into the cell. “You’re alive.” She states with wonder and finally Dean moves, looking up at her, tears shining in his eyes. “Hey, Charlie.” He says stupidly, and she sobs, throwing herself at him, hugging him. Despite all the blood, despite the gruesome body lying right there next to them Charlie couldn’t have been happier.
“Come with me, Cas. Let's leave here together.” Dean repeated, suddenly sure that this was the only possible way for them to stay together. He himself had considered staying on the island but that would mean giving up his entire life and everything that he had worked for. Possibly never seeing Sam again. And as much as he loved Castiel, and he did love him, he could not spend his entire life on a secluded island. He had only been here about two weeks and he already didn't know what to do with himself anymore. Castiel was the best company he could ask for but there was so much they were both missing out on.
They left the room and stepped into a long, well lit hallway. “This is the living area, behind all these doors are rooms similar to yours. This room next to yours is Sam’s. I think we should let Kevin try to get through to him. We can check on him later.” The way Castiel acted never ceased to amaze Dean. One second he was kissing him breathless and the next he was casually explaining facts as if nothing happened. “For now I suggest we go to the cafeteria, you must be starving.”
Castiel stayed quiet for a long time after this reveal, long enough to have Dean squirming in his seat, blushing with the thought that Castiel might reject him. His eyes widened as Castiel pushed his chair back and stood up. For a very horrible moment Dean imagined Cas walking out on him. Before he could finish his thought, Castiel had already started moving. Not away from him, but around the table and towards him. Dean sat and watched, not moving ad Castiel leaned down to him, gently kissing him.
Turning to go back to his room, Sam was stopped by Dean just before he could leave the kitchen. “Sammy?” He turned around to look at his brother once more. “I’m happy to have you too.” The statement caused a smile to spread across the younger boy’s face and he couldn’t help but remember how lucky he was to have Dean. “Good. Just don’t be too loud now, people are trying to sleep here.” Sam said with a grin before slipping into his room and closing the door behind him.
The sudden loud voice behind them made both men turn around. The man that was approaching them had flowing grey hair, a beard and a serious, almost threatening aura. “I am.” Dean said, instinctively stepping forward to block Castiel from the stranger. All his instincts told him this man was dangerous.
“I mean it, though. I’m sorry that you missed out on so much in life.” And just like that, Dean had wiped the grin off Castiel’s face.
“You know we cannot give you what you want, Azazel. Let the boy go, he has nothing to do with this.” Castiel's voice was demanding as he stared at Azazel, eyes safely hidden behind the mirrored glasses.
Dean looked at Castiel for a while, considering his options. He could pry further and risk upsetting Castiel, or he could wait and hope Castiel would open up to him on his own. He liked Castiel, a lot more than he should, and he was afraid Castiel could push him away if he was too nosey. On the other hand, Dean really needed to know what was going on and if he would start growing extra body parts at some point.
“Of course. I could show you everything in less than two hours, it’s a rather small island. In fact, there is only four buildings. This building is the main building. It has living-rooms on two floors, this cafeteria, a hospital wing and a library. Then there is a gym and pool building, a convenience store and the cells. The door down this hallway leads right to the beach, which is quite nice because it is always hot on this island. There also is a whole lot of nature and a mountain that you should climb some time, it has the most amazing view.”
“I don't know. I didn't go to the funeral, I was with you, remember? All I know is that they didn't know where to keep the body, so they had to bury him as soon as the casket arrived. I can only imagine how he got out of there. Must have been horrible to wake up like that.” Gabriel says, walking into the kitchen.
“Dean, he'll kill me.” Sam said, pulling his ties, breathing quick as he fought not to panic. “Please, you have to untie me, he'll –“ Sam’s mouth stayed open, but no sound came out. It took Dean a second to realize what was happening. Sam had stopped breathing.
Dean moved his thumb over the cockhead, smearing the clear pre-come across it. His mouth watered at the sight of the perfect erection in front of him. He licked a line along the whole length before gently taking the head in his mouth, covering his teeth with his lips. Castiel tasted just as intoxicating as he smelled, salty and a little sweet at the same time. Dean flicked his tongue over Castiel’s glans as he moved his lips along the rigid shaft. His efforts were rewarded with a deep moan that sent pleasant tingles right into Dean’s groin. He had to palm at his own erection to relieve some of the pressure and moaned softly around the hard member in his mouth.
“You need to talk to someone about this, Cas. I understand you don’t want to talk to me, but you have to talk about it. Maybe this will make it easier for you.” Gabriel said and with a wave of his hand, the image of Dean appeared next to him. Castiel’s head knew immediately that it was just an illusion, that this was not real, but his heart burst into a million pieces anyway.
Charlie was pale, and her eyes were red and watery as she clearly had cried. Gabriel, who was standing right behind her looked no better, and Castiel's smile dropped as he noticed the blood on Gabriel's hands and clothes. “What happened?” He asked and stepped aside, letting the two of them in.
“You just let me into the cell and I’ll kill him. I'll even take care of that brother of his if you want.” Dean said it with such determination and sincerity, Castiel dropped his hand from his shoulder. “Dean.” He said, unable to hide how shocked he was by the other man's words.
“Why didn’t you say something? We could have stopped it. Watched something different.” Castiel shook his head, smiling. “And miss all your excitement? No way. That was too adorable.” It was Dean’s turn to blush now, and Castiel slowly stood up, walking to the couch and sitting down next to him, closer than necessary, leg brushing against Dean’s. “I just really like cars and good fight scenes.” Dean explained, watching intently as Castiel sat down next to him. “I have never even seen a car in real life.” Castiel meant for his comment to be casual. In fact, it was pretty casual for him but Dean’s eyes widened incredulously.
The blush in only deepened as Castiel stepped up against him, body flush with Dean's back as strong arms wound around Dean's middle. “Hey, handsome.” Castiel said with his gravelly deep voice and Dean thought his head might just explode as he felt the other man's lips drag along his ear, his breath hot against his skin. He couldn't suppress the low sigh escaping his lips as Castiel continued pressing soft kisses to his neck and his shoulder.
“Dean. No, please don't, please wake up.” Castiel is ready to give up on Dean, practically already knowing that Dean has died again, when Gabriel suddenly places a hand on Dean's neck, taking his pulse. “He's alive. Probably just exhausted. From what he looks like, I guess he crawled from his grave all by himself. That probably did a number on him. Give me a hand here.” Gabriel says and together they heave Dean's body onto the couch. Castiel tucks him in a blanket and sits with him, carefully placing Dean's head in his lap, stroking through his hair as Dean sleeps.
Dean looked over to him with a playful smile. “I bet we could still both fit.” He said wriggling his eyebrows suggestively, grinning widely. It was quite obvious what Dean was playing at, but Castiel was not going to make it that easy. Not again. “I think I’m fine. Thanks.” Castiel grinned back at Dean who rolled his eyes, turning back to the TV. “Fine. Might be better anyway, we wouldn’t want you to be too distracted to watch the movie.”
That night he went to sleep in Dean's bed, the only place that still somewhat smelled of the person that he had lost, the person that had left him broken, even on this day. It was a day more significant than others as it had now been three weeks since Dean had died. Dean was officially dead longer than Castiel had even known him, but the pain of his loss was not going to fade any time soon.
It took Castiel a moment before he realized which shirt Dean was talking about. He couldn’t help grinning with Dean as he remembered what they had used it for. “Let’s just hope nobody found it yet.”
“She has lived here for the past four years. Yes.” Castiel nodded, understanding why Dean was asking, but not wanting to overstep boundaries by telling Dean about Charlie’s past. Her parents had died in a car accident when she was fourteen, and she had been taken in by an uncle that had thrown her out as soon as she had worked up the courage to tell him she liked girls. Charlie had always had an affinity for programming and being the rebel she was, she had hacked herself into several bank accounts to afford her living. When she got caught she had been offered a choice. She could go to jail or she could come here, work for the government. At least, that’s what Charlie had told Castiel. He was not entirely sure how true it was, but either way it was not his story to tell.
“You couldn’t have done anything, Sammy. You were just a kid.” Dean said reassuringly and Sam nodded, wiping the back of his hand across his eyes. “Exactly, and so where you. Except you never got to be a kid because you had to take care of your annoying little brother.” Dean smiled a bit at that, looking at his hands, folding them on his knees. “Do you remember what happened the day dad died?” So that’s what all this is about. Sam thought, looking at Dean intently, waiting for him to look back at him before he spoke. “Yes.” He said, watching all color drain from Dean’s face as his older brother finally made eye contact.
“What did he say to you in there?” Castiel asked, still very concerned, but also a little curious as to what could make Dean loose his cool this quickly. As expected, Dean’s face hardened, loosing the relieved smile that had snuck onto his face. “Don’t.” He said, looking at Castiel pleadingly. “Please don’t make me talk about it.” Castiel nodded, understanding. He did not have much experience with family, but he could imagine how harrowing Dean’s childhood must have been, having an abusive, alcoholic father. He was almost certain that that was what it was all about, some event in Dean’s childhood. Maybe the time that he got the scar that Dean had mourned the day before. It was hard for Castiel, trying to figure out what was going on in Dean’s head, but he could feel that Dean was withdrawing himself. The connection Castiel felt to Dean was still there and still strong, but it was as if Dean tried to push him out. It probably all came back to the fact that Castiel didn’t know Dean well enough. He could pick up the non-verbal signals Dean was sending, but he did not know what to say to help. Afraid of saying the wrong thing, Castiel decided not to say anything at all. He followed Dean, falling a few steps behind, trying to give him space. Dean didn’t turn to look at him until they reached Dean’s room. “Do we have anything else planned for today?” Dean asked, changing the subject and faking a smile, not wanting Castiel to worry about him any longer.
Dean's deep moan as their hard cocks brushed together, separated by only the thin fabric of their boxers. He slid his hands down Dean's back and dipped his fingers under the boxer’s waistband, gripping the globes of Dean's ass.
“Come with me.” He blurted out, three days before he was set to leave. They were sitting at the dinner table in Castiel's apartment, eating the apple pie Dean had made for desert.
The boy was a lot heavier than he looked and she had to try twice to roll his giant body onto his back. She did her best to patch him up again before simply leaving him on the floor and lying down on the couch to close her eyes for a moment. The sedative would keep Sam knocked out for at least five hours and she felt she deserved a moment to herself before calling in for help. She relaxed, relieved at the way the room stopped spinning when she closed her eyes, and very determined to ignore the sounds coming from the room next door.
“Does that mean you have seen the White House? The Lincoln Memorial?” Castiel asked, face suddenly lighting up with renewed interest. Dean smiled softly, reaching for Castiel's hand. “I have been to the Mall. Yes.”
Both men had been lucky that any potential Gifted was watched closely by the Institute and that they had been brought in before something bad happened. From what Castiel had heard, Sam’s gift had shown itself during the transport and the boy had already caused some trouble before he even arrived.
It's a reasonable reaction. Dean knows it, but he can't help but feel disappointed. He had expected Sam to open the door immediately, to surprise him in person. This is not at all what he had imagined on his way here.
“Cas…” Dean was dumbfounded. He didn’t know what to say. Of course he realized he had made a scene. Now that his mind had been distracted from the fact that he was a lot more like his father than he had ever thought, everything already seemed quite stupid.
They have to ring twice before something happens. “Fuck off, Brody, I told you I have an interview tomorrow.” It's Sam, speaking through the intercom. Tired and annoyed, but definitely Sam. “Sammy, it's me.” Dean says and, as there is no response, rings again.
“Oh no, no. You cannot get up by yourself, you're gonna pull out your stitches.” She said and was by his side immediately, inspecting the bandage covering his wound, soaking up the fresh blood oozing from it. “Looks like you already did. Lie back.” She said decidedly, pushing him down again and removing the bandage. “You're lucky you didn't die today, Sam. If you want away from this island, you should heal up as quickly as possible. You do that by resting and not moving.”
He grabbed the box that was sitting on his desk and made his way into the kitchen where he found his brother, looking out the window and eating leftover apple pie. He was well aware that they had agreed not to buy any presents, but he did not like the idea of Dean spending his birthday without receiving at least one present. Knowing Dean, he’d probably made the same agreement with everyone they knew.
It was Gabriel who finally broke the silence that was only interrupted by the sound of Castiel's broken sobs. “Cas, you need to get up please. Let's get you into your bed.”
Meg knew the sedative would work fast, which is why she was taken by surprise as he punched the side of her face, right under her left eye. She hit her back painfully and fell to the floor, hearing the clatter of things falling off the nightstand. This couldn't be, Sam should already be passed out. But there he was, standing above her, murderous look on his face. She closed her eyes, only hoping for a quick end, but it never came. Instead, she heard a loud thud as Sam fell to the floor, no more muscles working to slow his fall. She looked at him, relieved to see the scissors were lying next to Sam and he had not accidentally stabbed himself while hitting the floor. Meg felt a little dizzy but she did not have time for that right now, Sam was still bleeding and she was certain that she had worsened his condition considerably.
“True. But I had another breakout, apparently I developed another gift. I just need to find out what it is.” Dean explained, smiling lightheartedly at Sam’s expression. “Don’t worry about it. I’m good. I can feel it inside me, this one is different, it’s only a matter of time before it unleashes. We’ll deal with it when it comes to that.” He said simply, not willing to let any room for Sam to worry about him. The whole thing still bothered him, but he wanted Sam to get back to his old life as soon as possible. Luckily his brother seemed to be learning quickly and the last thing Dean wanted was to distract him with his own problems.
Castiel’s cock was almost painfully hard and trapped in his tight jeans. He momentarily forgot how to breathe as Dean sunk down to his knees in front of him. Castiel felt soft lips pressed to his stomach, right below his bellybutton. Once again there were fingers opening his pants and this time Castiel shook with anticipation, rather than nerves. Dean made quick work of it, pushing Castiel’s pants down and helping him step out of them. Castiel suppressed a moan and his eyes fluttered shut as he felt Dean’s hot breath against his erection that was barely contained by his boxer briefs. The feeling, combined with the visual of Dean on his knees, face only an inch away from Castiel’s throbbing cock almost made him come right there and then.
Dean nodded, unsure how to respond. He wrapped an arm around Cas’ shoulders and helped him down the stairs. Dean settled the former angel on the couch before collecting Sam from his bedroom to help stabilize the bone. Watching as Sam doted over Castiel, Dean realized that he finally had everything he needed.
Dean clapped his hands together before running down the hall to share the news with Cas and Jack. Sam smiled to himself. This would be interesting.
Cas held his hands up in an attempt to stop Sam from saying anything more damning. “Sam, please. I don’t want Dean to find out.”
Looking around the room, he noticed a few other bodies handcuffed to nearby poles, the same situation he currently found himself in. He was mildly comforted by the fact that each person was still softly breathing. They were alive.
Dean groaned. They arrived back at the Magnolia hours ago, and Iris returned to her own room to take a nap. Dean and Cas set out to find some information online, but it was like someone had wiped every news article from the internet other than benign announcements that linked directly to the hotel’s website. He was getting antsy and frustrated. Cas texted Sam about thirty minutes ago to let him know what was going on, but Sam couldn’t find anything either.
did you kiss me and then ditch me for Purgatory? You could have died,” Dean said, his voice trembling with anger. “I wanted to
Dean slapped a hand over his mouth in an attempt to stop the words from coming. Cas was quickly becoming angry with him. Dean wanted to tell him the truth. He wanted to tell him how Cas was the only person he could ever see himself loving, how Cas was the most beautiful man he’d ever met, how Cas was his best friend and he’d fallen more in love with him every day since they’d met. But he couldn’t tell him any of that.
Cas looked at Dean, eyes soft like he and Dean are sharing a secret. “I’m glad to spend time with you, Dean.”
Cas didn’t answer, simply grabbing Dean by the hand and pulling him toward the exit. Dean managed to pull a wad of cash out of his pocket and slam it down on the bar. Cas pushed the elevator button, and they both impatiently waited as the numbers above their heads slowly lit up. The metal doors slid open, but before they could walk inside…
“I am trying to take this case seriously. We are supposed to be pretending to be together, but if you can’t handle that for a few days then I will be content to take care of this on my own.”
Iris pursed her lips and nodded slightly. “Okay… I’ll tell you what happened. We checked in on Saturday morning, and the drive here was fine. Laurel complained that it was too far away, but she was really excited for the trip. We haven’t had a lot of time to spend together lately, with work and everything… We were just looking forward to a quiet week away,” Iris paused to take a breath. Cas reached out to place his hand on her shoulder in an attempt to comfort her.
“However,” she continued, kicking Cas in the stomach as she paced around the room, “now, I must keep myself sustained somehow. I do so the only way I know how: making others feel the same way I felt my entire life.”
The drive wasn’t bad, just like Sam said. Cas was quiet for most of the trip, which was fine with Dean. They had plenty of time to chat over the next few days.
“You like Taylor Swift?” Dean had to stop himself from laughing. An ancient cosmic being was sitting in his car playing Taylor Swift. He thought he’d seen it all up until now.
Dean pulled back after a moment, elated that Cas was finally home, before remembering that he was still pissed.
Dean let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. Cas loved him back. “Let’s get out of here.”
Sighing, Cas looked up at Dean. “I’m sorry if what I said earlier upset you, Dean. I wanted to be honest with you.”
“Cas…” Dean attempted before he was cut off by Cas holding his hand up to stop him. Dean took another step toward Cas. Cas took another step back, until he was standing up against the door of the motel room.
“You want to dance?” Cas asked, surprised by the request. Dean couldn’t bring himself to care. He didn’t care what anyone else thought. He only cared about getting Cas closer.
Sam bristled, but continued on with the case description as though Dean never said anything. “Three people have disappeared in the past two weeks after staying at a place called the Magnolia Hotel. All of the missing people were reported to have gotten aggressive and angry with their significant other very shortly after checking into the hotel. I think–”
Cas stirred next to him, apparently disturbed by the conversation. His face peeked out from under the covers. “Good morning, Sam.”
Benny held his hands up in surrender, eyes bulging out of his skull. Cas slowly released him, and Benny dropped to his knees, coughing in an attempt to moderate his breathing. Cas watched him for a moment before turning on his heel and stomping away. Dean scrubbed his hand down his face and then weighed his options. He decided to follow after Cas, quickly catching up to him. Dean grabbed Cas’ arm, pulling him around until they were face to face. Dean’s hand was still pressed into Cas’ arm, his hand clenching around a fistful of trenchcoat. “What the fuck is your problem, man?”
“Keep your hands off of him,” Cas snarled as he used both hands to push Benny against a nearby tree. The roots of the plant barely held on, fighting against the sheer amount of force Cas used to move the vampire. Dean knew Cas was showing off to intimidate Benny, but he wasn’t going to bring that up in case Cas chose to redirect his anger at Dean.
“I wish I was. There’s a pattern between each of the disappearances that matches up with Laurel’s. Each person became aggressive with their significant other shortly after checking into the hotel, just like Laurel was with you.”
Cas immediately saw the fourth beer and said, “You can’t give Jack a beer, Dean. He’s three years old.”
Dean spluttered out a noise that was a mix of the words “What?” and “No!” while aggressively shaking his head.
Cas reached for the doorknob but was stopped suddenly by a hand on top of his own. Dean was much closer than a moment before, his breath ghosting across the side of Castiel’s face and his other hand reaching up to press against Cas’ chest, holding him in place. “Cas, please,” Dean whispered, “Just let me explain.”
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean chanted, unable to control himself. He continued to babble as he came, Cas whispering in his ear something about how beautiful and loved he is. Cas’ release followed soon after, and Dean cradled his face in his hands, watching with admiration. After a moment, Cas rolled off of Dean. Dean immediately missed the contact.
“I miss that easy comfortable feeling of being in a relationship that you two have. It’s the simple things like sharing a cup of coffee, right?” Iris said sadly, looking down into her own lukewarm coffee.
No longer concerned about waking Cas, Dean pushed the angel off of him with as much strength as he could manage while they were still very much attached to one another. He stood up, brushing his jeans off awkwardly. Dean coughed before saying, “I’m sorry, man. You know how it is.”
As the first song ended, Dean picked up the case the mixtape had been inside to read the names of the songs that Cas had listed on the back. The next one was called
Dean held his hands up in surrender and pulled Cas by his shoulder out of the hallway and back into the lobby.
Cas chuckled, “Only this time you’ll get more than a kiss at the end of the night.” He watched Dean blush as he winked.
Dean smiled down at Cas as they both calmed down their breathing after their climax. Cas held his face in his hands. His touch gentle but firm. Dean turned so he could nuzzle against his palm and place a kiss at the center.
The stare continued. Castiel may still be learning about human emotions but he had a feeling he knew that what he saw in Dean's eyes was affection. He had no idea though that his own eyes reflected the same.
All of the sudden the door to deans room swung open. “Dean I think I found…” There stood their favorite moose in the doorway. Toast in one hand and laptop balanced in another. His eyes comically wide as he froze before the scene in front of him.
He stood up straight. “I refuse to go one more day the way we are. The way we have been. Any of us could die….right now, or tomorrow. “ His jaw clenched.
They’d been home a little over a week now and had been spending time with family and friends. Cas had been invited to hang out with him and Benny but he declined saying they should have time to hang out.
Dean slammed his fist on the table before pushing himself out of his chair to pace across the floor of the bunker kitchen. “You don’t know that, Sammy.”
They had never hugged before. He didn’t want it to end. After months of searching for him, all he wanted to do was sink into his best friend’s warm embrace for as long as Cas would let him. Dean pressed his face into Cas’ shoulder, breathing him in. He felt Cas relax against him, and they stood there for what felt like an eternity, as though each of them was making sure the other person was real. As he pulled away slightly, his eyes roamed over Cas’ face with abandon. His bright blue eyes, his cheeks smeared with dirt, and his plush lips parted in a way that made Dean feel insane. Cas was looking at him, head tilted, a small smile growing on his face. Dean’s heart was going to beat out of his chest. He couldn’t remember a time when he felt more relieved, more peaceful, more… full of love.
Sam could see a flicker of hope pass through Dean’s eyes for a brief moment, before it disappeared again behind a stoic face. Sam decided not to say anything further, instead collecting various items from the room and placing them on a nearby table. Dean walked over, catching Sam press his finger into some red ink and creating a sigil he had never seen before on the wood of the table. Sam placed the bowl holding Cas’ dried blood in the middle of the sigil. He began the spell, speaking in Latin and holding his hands out above the mess of materials. Dean watched on, unsure if he was scared that Cas wouldn’t come back, or that he might.
Sam was fully cackling at this point. “Dean. Does Cas make you happy? Do you think you can make Cas happy? Yes? Then go for it. Fuck anyone who gives you shit for it.”
me. They never arrested him, his family had plenty of money to prevent that. He died soon after, anyway. Serves him right,” Iris scoffed.
Benny chuckled at Dean’s reaction. “You’re a special guy, Dean Winchester. Castiel is lucky to have you.”
Dean was doing okay. Waking up in a filthy motel bed is miles better than cold Purgatory dirt. He and Sam were working cases again, which allowed for some distraction from the ache in his chest whenever he thought of Cas.
Dean’s eyebrows scrunched together in confusion. What was Cas talking about? They got Jack out without making a deal. Dean shook his head slightly before choking out, “You what?”
The library was a twenty-minute drive from the hotel. They sat in silence for the first few minutes, until Cas sighed. “Can I play some music, Dean?”
Smiling softly, Dean rubbed the back of his neck with his palm, both in discomfort as well as the need to stop himself from reaching out to touch Cas. They’ve cuddled, they’ve kissed, but Dean still doesn’t know where they stand.
A shriek cut through the room, causing Dean to recoil. He watched as a bright light emitted from Iris’ small form, the energy of the spirit leaving her, finding peace at long last. ‘
“You love me?” Cas was looking at Dean like he hung the damn moon. Dean opened and shut his jaw a few times, trying and failing to make words come out of his mouth
Dean reached across the picnic blanket to cover Castiel’s hand with his own. As he interlaced their fingers, he squeezed Cas’ palm as he gathered his thoughts. He remembered the moment very clearly. “It was one morning in the bunker. I was watching you after you woke up. You were in the kitchen making coffee and your hair was a mess. I remember thinking that you looked… irresistible.”
Sam shrugged slightly, unsure how to have this conversation. He should’ve picked a better location for it, rather than standing awkwardly in the hallway. “What did you say when he told you… you know. That he loves you?”
Sam looked confused, his eyebrows scrunching together. “Why not? This is incredible! You two obviously both have feelings for each other. Now you can go for it!”
Dean sat with that for a moment. Did he think he could make Cas happy? Cas was pretty happy for most of the trip, up until Dean had his meltdown. That’s the problem. Dean always fucks every good thing up. But maybe he could try to do better. Maybe he could finally break out of this cycle he always finds himself trapped in. It would be worth it if only to see Cas smile at him again, with that smile he reserves only for Dean when he thinks no one else is looking.
Dean looked at the knife, and then at Benny. “You sure that’s a good idea? What if you cut me and you can’t control yourself?”
Cas’ expression changed from that of anger to one that Dean had never seen on his friend before. Cas narrowed his eyes and took a deep breath, stepping closer to Benny. “What is that supposed to mean?”
The clerk eyed them carefully, and Dean felt the urge to break his nose. Cas, however, began stroking Dean’s hip, and it suddenly took all of Dean’s energy to keep himself upright. They were given two sets of keys and made their way toward the elevator.
Cas walked back from the self-serve coffee station with a single foam cup. Dean reached out and grabbed for it, taking a sip before returning it to Cas. Cas smiled at Dean, sitting down next to him at the table with Iris.
Cas felt a chill run down his spine. Sam was right. “There is… one thing I can think of, but it’s very old magic. There’s no way to know if it would actually work.”
“No. That’s all the information I was able to find about her. None of the other articles from the box have anything to do with the case.”
Just let me have this,” Cas begged, pressing open-mouthed kisses to Dean’s neck, “If you’re going to leave again, just give me this one thing.”
“No, Cas, seriously. I let my feelings for you get in the way of the case and I’m sorry—” Dean slammed his mouth shut, realizing far too late what he said.
When Cas finally emerged from the bathroom, freshly showered and hair dripping wet, Dean was already settled on one side of the bed. Cas stood there, watching Dean, before finally choosing to sit in the desk chair. Dean sighed. He only had two options here. Invite Cas into bed, leading to an inevitably awkward evening of bed-sharing, or leave his best friend to sit up all night in an uncomfortable chair. He gave in and patted the other side of the mattress. “Come on, man. It’s fine.”
“Dean, come on. You gotta come out of your room eventually.” Sam stood outside of Dean’s bedroom, his palm against the doorframe. He sighed in frustration when Dean’s lack of response became apparent.
“Dean and I are in an intimate relationship, but we are not married. Although, I would like to marry him someday.” Cas cut Dean off, speaking with certainty.
“I know. I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You’re destructive, and you’re angry, and you’re broken. You’re ‘daddy’s blunt instrument’. And you think that hate and anger… that’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are. You’re the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.”
They sat there for so long, in silence, just enjoying one another’s presence. Dean couldn’t be sure what time it was anymore. It didn’t matter. They had all the time in the world, now.
“Alright, enough of this gross couple stuff. We get it, you’re in love and it’s disgustingly sweet. Let’s stop for dinner.” Sam said, a hand running through his hair, obviously frustrated with himself for being the one to start this conversation.
Dean continued to smile down at the message from Cas as he got out of bed and prepared for the day. That’s just a normal thing buddies do. He can appreciate messages from Cas without it being weird. His feelings don’t have to change anything between them. He won’t let them.
Dean held up his hands in surrender but leaned over Jack anyway to sneak the bottle into his hand. If Cas noticed, he chose not to say anything.
A deep groan cut through the air, alerting Dean to a Leviathan that happened to catch up with them. Dean looked over at Cas, whose face revealed nothing about what he was feeling at the moment. Unsheathing his machete in preparation for a fight, Dean pushed Cas in front of him as they began to make their way toward the portal. The two men sliced their way through every monster that came across their path, moving together with ease up the mountain. Dean couldn’t help but think to himself about how well they worked together before he shook the thought away. Cas didn’t feel the same way about him. He had to get over it.
They walked into the room Dean booked earlier that day. Cas placed his single bag on the floor but remained near the door, hoping to avoid any more conversation until Dean fell asleep.
“Wait…” a hand reached out, wobbly and weak, to stop the EMTs from moving any further. Dean stood up, relief washing over his entire body. Iris was alive.
“No one’s hurt man, I just keep fucking everything up and I didn’t know what to do so I called you… and now… and I- “
Dean immediately felt something solid against his back. Cas had him pressed up against the door, just as Dean had done to him only a half an hour ago. “Tell me to stop,” Cas whispered.
Cas folded his arms across his chest, still angry. He wasn’t really angry at Sam, though. He was angry at himself for not stopping Dean from taking on the Mark of Cain in the first place. All of this could have been prevented.
“Taylor Swift. I know your favorite artist is Led Zeppelin and you shared their music with me, so I wanted to return the favor. Sam taught me how to make the tape.” Cas beamed proudly at this accomplishment.
“That’s why you knew about the husband. You knew where to find the death certificate and the article. You made sure we got caught by the front desk clerk before we could find anything else.” Dean shook his head. He should have known. “Why even do this, though? What did these people ever do to you?” Dean asked.
They would have to go home eventually. Dean would have to face his issues with vulnerability over, and over, and over again. He would continue to fuck up, but that’s okay. He had Cas by his side to navigate it. For now, he would just do his best to give a little more of himself to Castiel any chance he could get. That would be enough.
Having stayed in the hotel for two full days now, Dean had the path to their hotel room memorized. Cas followed closely behind him. Before Dean knew it, their door closed behind him, and Cas was looking at him again with that frustrating and confusing gaze all over again.
“I find myself… able to relate to the words she sings, moreso than the artists that might be considered more ‘age appropriate’” – Cas’ hands went up to form finger quotes around the phrase – “for myself. Since becoming human, these new emotions have been very difficult to process. I feel like Taylor understands me. The songs I chose… I picked them because they reminded me of you. That’s what Sam told me humans do when they make a mixtape for someone they care about.”
“Yes. This situation is, as you might say, ‘fucked up’.” Cas said, placing air quotes around the phrase.
They packed the Impala to the brim, including camping supplies for when they reached their destination. Dean hadn’t been this excited in… well. He had never been this excited before. He never had a chance to do the normal stuff, like a real family vacation. He and Sam had never really even had a
Dean frowned at these lyrics. Is this how Cas felt about himself? Did Cas really think that he brought only chaos to their lives? Dean supposed that Sam and himself hadn’t really ever said anything to suggest otherwise. He made a mental note to do better about showing his appreciation for Cas. The next few songs played through, and against his better judgment, Dean was starting to really enjoy himself. Before he knew it, the last song was playing, and the tape stuttered to a stop. He sat there quietly for some time after the last note played through the speakers.
Dean released Cas’ palms to press along his forearms, moving up until he reached the point where his shoulders met the muscle of his neck. Cas felt warm under Dean’s touch, warmer than he’d imagined. Not that he’s ever imagined it.
Dean smirked. “We’ve been working hard for years, Sammy. I think we all deserve a break. You, me, Cas, and Jack. We could… go on a road trip! There’s plenty of stuff you and I haven’t seen yet. We could drive to California and see the ocean, maybe stop by those tourist traps like the ‘Biggest Ball of Twine’ or whatever.”
Cas pulled back at that, obviously shocked by Dean’s emotional reaction. Dean looked Cas up and down, his gaze falling to the angel’s full, chapped lips. Dean wanted to kiss him. He imagined, for a brief moment, what it would be like to kiss Cas whenever he wanted. To have him. He wanted to wake up next to Cas in the morning, arms wrapped around one another, Cas’ bedhead sticking up every which way. God, he was so fucking screwed. Cas noticed where Dean’s gaze had fallen and was nervously looking up and down between Dean’s eyes and lips. Dean leaned in slightly, testing how far he could push this. Cas gave a small nod, and –
“But not unpleasant?” Castiel asked, having lost most of his confidence now that the heat of the moment was over. Dean’s smile was reassuring and Castiel felt soft lips pressed against his own before Dean stepped away to start getting dressed. “On the contrary. You were great.” Castiel was glad Dean had his back turned to him by now, he did not want him to see him blushing about this.
"I came to use this fancy kitchen of yours. You said I could do that any time.” Gabriel’s reply came, followed by the clatter of a pot falling onto the floor. Castiel frowned and helped Dean up. “You don’t cook, Gabriel.” It was true, Castiel had offered to let Gabriel use the kitchen but not once in all the years since he came had Gabriel taken him up for it. “You only came because I told you Dean would be coming over tonight. You
Dean looked at him for a long time, trying to work out which of his many questions about this place was most important. “Can you just tell me about this place? I don’t really know where to begin.” He said as he failed to come up with anything better.
“What?” Sam frowned, but stopped pulling his ties, resigning as they didn't give in. “Dean, I don't know what you're talking about. What happened?”
Finally, Dean started to relax and stopped coughing. He rolled onto his back with a pained groan and brought one hand up to his shirt. Hissing in pain he carefully pulled the partially burned fabric away from his skin, revealing second or maybe even third degree burns. “Oh crap. Dean, I’m so sorry. We need to get help, can you get up?” Sam was right next to him, trying to help him get up, but Dean pulled away, wincing at the stinging pain the movement caused. “Don’t touch me.” His voice sounded hoarse and he coughed again, closing his eyes. “I’ll be fine, just give it a moment.” He rested his head in the sand, eyes still closed, visibly relaxing as the pain already started to cease.
Even though he knew what was coming, the back of John’s hand colliding with his face made him stumble and fall to his knees, dropping the bottle once more. Tears stung in his eyes as his face throbbed with searing pain, but he knew not to cry, crying only upset John further. “I said. Pick it up!” John shouted at his son, making the 14 year old boy flinch before scrambling to pick up the bottle. He placed it on the table carefully and turned to leave, hoping John was done with him. He tried to make his way past John, but his father grabbed his arm, holding him hard enough to bruise. Dean clenched his teeth to stop himself from making any sound and let his father spin him back around.
“But you can. You never lose control, you can hide your gift just as well as I can. Better even. Come with me. Please.” Dean insisted, taking Castiel's hand across the table. “We can talk to Chuck again. He will understand. He has to.” Dean said and Castiel looked at him, eyes tired and shook his head. “He won't. I can't come.” Castiel replied decidedly and pulled his hand from Dean's grip. “Maybe you should go. Pack your bags.” Castiel said coolly and stood up, turning to put his uneaten pie in the trash.
“It’s okay, Dean. You’re okay.” He says simply, pulling Dean into a tight hug, holding him even as Chuck walks closer. “It is not okay! You killed someone, you took human lives! You’re insane if you think I can still let you leave this island.” Castiel can feel Dean’s body tense and holds him tighter, unsure what Dean is capable of anymore. Chuck takes a cautionary step back, and Dean frees himself of Castiel's grip with ease. He doesn't say anything though, just walks past Chuck, ignoring all of them asking him to stop and listen. Castiel agrees with Dean. Nobody is going to miss Azazel or Alistair, and if he is entirely honest he doesn't really care. He wants to leave the island more than anything, wants to be a real person in a real city just once in his life. He wants to be with Dean. He also understands Chuck though. If Dean is dangerous he cannot leave. The thought pains him, so he decides to ignore it. Dean deserves to see Sam again.
Dean tried to swallow everything that Castiel was giving him, but it was too much and some of it ran out of the corner of his mouth. He loved this, relished the feeling of the throbbing erection in his mouth, enjoyed the taste of Castiel’s hot cum. He licked and sucked Castiel’s cock until it was spent. Letting the softening member fall out of his mouth he looked up at Castiel, smiling content. His own cock was still painfully hard, but he forced himself not to do anything about it. Castiel’s behavior had given Dean the impression that Castiel might be a virgin, and if this was all Castiel was ready to do right now, Dean was fine with it. He did not want to push Castiel into moving too fast and doing something he might regret later.
Castiel didn't reply, and Gabriel sighed softly, blinking his own tears away. It pained him to see his brother like this, but unlike Charlie who had started crying again as well, he had the strength to keep it together. For Cas. And for Dean. He wouldn't have wanted this.
Castiel pushed the door open and they walked out, right into the sand. “There is no need to worry. As long as they stay where they are right now, they will never harm anyone, ever again.”
“It's not stupid, Dean. I care for you as well.” Dean smiled stupidly at Castiel, leaning up to kiss him once more, bringing one hand up to cradle Cas' face.
Castiel was impressed by the strong bond that the Winchesters were displaying. It had only taken Dean a few moments to calm his brother down completely, something that only sedatives had achieved up until now. Castiel watched as the older brother explained what was going on and why they were here, content with the amount of information Dean had picked up from their somewhat short conversation.
By the time Benny arrived, Sam had pulled himself out of his initial shock and was uselessly pushing at the rock. “It's okay, Dean. You're okay. It's not even that bad. You need to hold on. I'll move this.. this rock and you can start healing again. You'll… You'll heal again, okay. Please, just… Please.” Sam did his best to fight back the tears that were threatening to spill over. He kept talking to Dean, falling to his knees again as he was too weak to move the rock. “You're okay, you hear me? You… You have to be strong now Dean.” A single tear fell from his face, mixing with his brother's blood in the sand. “They will find us and then.. then you can start healing again, we just need to move the rock.” Sam looked up as he heard approaching footsteps, blinking the tears away. “Benny.” He said relieved, knowing he would be strong enough to move the rock. “You need to move this, Dean can't start healing if this is still on him.” He said, heart beating faster as he was excited to have found help for his brother.
As they watched the movie, the room constantly got darker the later it got. Dean looked different in the half dark, face illuminated by almost nothing but the TV screen. Not necessarily worse or better, just different. The freckles seemed to disappear with the light, leaving a smooth face with delicate features, plush lips and eyes that still sparkled green.
“If the situation was reversed, what would you do?” Castiel asked, looking Dean straight in the eyes. There was something in his gaze, a sort of confidence and determination that made it clear he was not going to back off from this. “Fine.” Dean agreed reluctantly, handing Castiel the glasses. “You take these. You know your way around better, I will keep my head down.”
“Dean!” Castiel tried again, almost shouting now. Dean had started shaking, several tears falling from his eyes as Castiel shook him, doing his best to beak Dean from Azazel’s mind control. “Dean, snap out of it!” Castiel said before finally stepping back a bit and slapping Dean across the face, hard enough to make him stumble, head snapping to the side. It seemed to do the trick, Dean looked at Castiel, blinking the tears from his eyes and bringing one hand to his burning cheek.
And just like that, they left. Castiel wanted to call them back, to tell them to hold him, to tell them to make things alright. But things wouldn't be alright. Dean was gone and no comfort in the world would be able to make this pain go away. So, instead of asking for their help, Castiel cried alone. Shielded off by his wings he cried into the pillow that smelled so much like his lover. He cried for hours and hours, until his stomach hurt from the sobbing and the pillow beneath him was soaked. He cried until there were no more tears to cry, and then some more. He cried until he finally passed out, exhausted and alone.
Castiel’s mind was already spinning, trying to come up with a way to calm Dean down. He did not realize that he had not upset the man until he processed Deans words. “Alright then, how do we find out what I can do?”
“I can’t stay here, Cas. I can’t have another gift, I just want to be normal. I’m not like you, I have a home to get back to.” Dean said and Castiel’s facial expression made him regret it immediately.
Thank you for reading, I hope you liked it. If you feel like it, let me know what you think in the comments or by leaving some kudos. Thanks!
“If this goes sideways, the lives of us all will be on your conscience. I imagine you will survive the testing longer than most, with your gift and all. Now go, before I change my mind.” Chuck said and simply turned back to his computer screen, smiling to himself as Dean left the room beaming with happiness.
“Seriously, Dean. What the hell.” He said and Dean frowned at him. “What?” Sam shook his head, disapprovingly. “Nothing.”
He should have been more careful, he knew how important the drinks were to his father, how hard it was for him to get alcohol ever since he was not allowed the local liquor store. Nonetheless, Dean did not want to be punished, he did not want his father to beat him.
“They’re dead, they’re both dead.” Chuck interrupts the emotional moment. “You killed them.” He says accusingly and Dean nods, helping Charlie up as he stands. “I did.” He says simply, looking back at the body. “You’re welcome.”
“I am not a doctor, so I’m afraid I can’t fully answer that question. I only know that the Gene affects the brain and body in a way that makes it possible for us to do things that other people cannot do. Some people have the Gene but never have a breakout. Some people don’t have a breakout until they are very old. Most of the time the breakout happens in someone’s mid-twenties. It can also be caused by situations of extreme stress, which is what happened to your brother. He thought he was losing you and that triggered his early breakout. A breakout is always painful because the body goes through a profound change in a very short amount of time. In your case it was so powerful that you passed out. So did Sam.”
He seemed to be right about it, too. The following days were spent learning control and trying to figure out what Dean's most recent gift was. Sam made impressive progress, and since there were no more incidents, he would be allowed to leave within two weeks. Dean, who had never had any problem controlling his gifts and whose third gift had not shown itself yet would be able to go home with him, but as time passed he found himself less and less thrilled about the prospect. He spent most of his time with Castiel as they practiced with Sam, ate together and spent every night in Castiel's apartment together. They spent most evenings on the “mountain”, watching the sunset on what they had started to refer to as “their ledge”. More often than not they would accompany each other when working out, and soon Dean could not imagine a life without Castiel anymore. He had stopped trying to fight his feelings a long time ago and as their final day on the island neared Dean felt an ache in his chest, every time he was reminded of his impending departure.
“I can’t.” Castiel said decidedly. He had thought about visiting Dean’s grave several times, but he couldn’t do it, he was not ready.
“Why?” Dean had obviously not gotten the hint, but Castiel couldn’t blame him, he had never been good as nonverbal communication. “I think you should rather ask her that. Maybe don’t open with it though, when you first meet her. For most people here it is a very personal matter.”
“Oh Sammy. I am so sorry.” Dean said quietly as if not to disturb his sleeping brother. “This is all my fault. Azazel got to me, he made me relive the worst night of my life and I freaked out. If I hadn't gone in there, Azazel would not have targeted you. I failed you.”
“Dean, I don’t think your healing is that good. You almost died, we have to get help.” Castiel said, genuinely concerned with Dean’s wellbeing. He looked at Dean, noticing how the other man slowly started relaxing. Amazed, Castiel watched as the blisters on Dean’s chest already started to shrink slowly. Just as Dean sat up on his own, Kevin came running with Meg who looked slightly disheveled and was carrying a bag of medical utensils. Castiel had to admit he didn’t even notice Kevin leaving, but he was grateful that someone was here to help.
Sam woke up under the same circumstances. It took him a moment to remember what happened right before he passed out; all the pain seemed to be gone now. “Dean?” He tried to sit up, only to realize restraints were tying him to the bed. He pulled them as hard as his worn out body would allow right now and closed his eyes as they didn’t budge. “Crap.” He mumbled to himself before scanning the room. There was a heart monitor next to the bed, but other than that the windowless room was entirely empty. His flannel pajama pants looked out of place in the white room.
Kneeling next to Castiel, Meg took out a pair of scissors and tried to take the hem of Dean’s shirt to cut it open, but Dean squirmed away. “Seriously, I’ll be fine. Just leave me be.” “Shut up and lie down. Let me do my work.” Dean tried to object again, but Meg just glared at him and raised her scissors in an almost threatening manner, causing Dean to close his mouth and do as he was told. He looked down at his own chest as Meg cut his shirt open and carefully peeled the fabric off his burnt chest.
“No. He did it to himself.” Castiel explained weakly, looking at Dean cautiously, as if afraid that he might just start dying again.
“I'll help you.” He said, smiling at his brother. “We will leave here tomorrow as planned. I'll help you push the storm away.”
Finally, Dean cleared his throat and got up from his chair, letting go of Castiel’s hand in the process. “Okay, oh mentor of mine, what is the plan for today? How do we figure out what I can do?” The playful sparkle in Dean’s eyes was back and Castiel smiled at Dean, both men placing their dirty dishes in the sink. “Depends. Did you notice anything different? Strange feelings? Anything to indicate your Gift?”
They found them in the library. Dean had never been there but managed to suppress his urge to look around at the impressively big shelves stuffed full with books. Castiel stopped walking, squeezing Dean's hand, whispering to him. “I see Azazel. Sam is with him, he seems to be unharmed.” Dean closed his eyes, sighing in relief.
take control of your mind. He can make you do things, say things, whatever he wants. He is the only reason we ever had to bury someone on this island. He took control of a man named Gordon Walker. Gordon worked a shift, and Azazel tried to force him to break them out. Charlie programmed everything too well though, the outside door only opens if both cell doors are locked and both Azazel and Alistair are in their cells. We came to rescue Gordon, but once Azazel gets into your head, his control also works over distance. Gordon killed himself that same day.”
“It feels like my emotions are more intense, less controllable. They build up inside me and I feel this incredible rush of energy. Seems like there is nothing I can do to stop it.” Sadly enough, Castiel knew exactly what Sam was talking about. “And when I give in to it, the weather changes. I didn’t realize how dangerous that was at fist. When I thought I could control the lightning, it was all just a matter of getting myself into the right head space to make it happen by itself and then clinging onto the feeling, controlling it. Instead, it controlled me and I almost killed Dean. Sorry about that.” He said with a nod directed towards Dean, which Dean replied with a genuine smile.
“I guess in a way I am.” Castiel smiled and nodded, also looking around. He had seen the other rooms in this building and he knew that this room was much more luxurious. What he didn’t know was that it was also much more luxurious than what most people could afford in real life. He always assumed his parents had only tried to give him a life as normal as possible.
The darkness that surrounded him suddenly was gone. His casket was illuminated by a bright, white light and contrary to his former believes, it did not help soothe his panic. On the contrary, Dean's breath came in short, fast pants as he looked around, horrified by the light wood surrounding him and the dark blood staining the casket lid. It was all but dripping down on him and he couldn't continue fighting, paralyzed with the realization that all the damage he had done so far had been to his hands, not the wood surrounding him. The light came from inside of him and Dean could feel the new energy fading as his body gave in to the lack of oxygen. The darkness of his grave surrounded him once again, and he couldn't suppress the desperate sob slipping from his lips. It was the last sound he made before the nightmare finally ended and he was once again engulfed by the peaceful nothing that was death.
“Dean, I am so sorry, I thought I could control it.” Sam tried again, but Dean just gave a tired smile. “It’s okay, really. As you see, I’ll be fine.” He said, motioning to his chest where the last tiny blisters were slowly disappearing, leaving only smooth, bright red skin.
He shoved Sam away from him, trying to catch a little break. He tasted his own blood, and even though his wounds healed, it pained him to think about what this would do to Sam. All he could do was hope that his brother wouldn't remember any of what Azazel made him do. “Sam please.” He tried to plead one more time, but Sam just shoved him back, crazy joy in his eyes as Dean stumbled.
He didn't get an answer and didn't understand why Azazel would ask him to stop breathing. It wasn't until Meg asked him if he was okay that he realized that he, in fact, had stopped breathing and could not start again. He opened his mouth but no sound came out as he was unable to release the air from his lungs. His eyes widened in panic and he gripped Meg's arm, holding on for dear life.
The boys had been living in this apartment for 2 years now and Sam was happy. He was a senior and he was well on his way to get a full ride to Stanford. He knew leaving his brother behind to go to California would be hard, but he also knew Dean would kick his ass if he stayed. Sam knew that Dean saved a big amount of his money to make sure Sam got into college even if he did not get a full ride. His education had always been priority number one for Dean and Sam felt eternally grateful to have him. After loosing both their parents to tragic accidents, Dean was the only real family Sam had left. Even Bobby and Ellen had not always been able to help when John was too drunk to function. Being 6 years older, Dean had always taken care of Sam. He made sure Sam went to school and there was food on the table when he got home. Dean even did his best to keep John away from Sam when he was at his worst. Even though he loved Bobby and Ellen as though they were his own parents and he could not imagine a life where Jo was not his little sister, Sam knew he owed his life to Dean.
It had been a while since he last bottomed, but ever since he had first lain eyes on Castiel's perfect cock, Dean had wanted it inside of him. He was stretching himself too quickly and it burned as he pushed the third finger inside. Castiel must have picked up on the pained expression on Dean's face, his eyes widened and he placed a gentle hand on Dean's cheek. “We don't have to do this. I don't want to hurt you.” And it was so genuine and sweet, Dean moaned softly, leaning forward to kiss Cas again, panting into the other man's mouth as his own fingers worked in and out of his hole. “I want to.” Dean said quietly, wrapping his free hand around Castiel's length.
Dean allowed himself a few moments to catch his breath before he placed his hand firmly onto the floor and pushed himself to stand up. His muscles were weak and exhausted but he could not let himself give in to it. He needed to find Cas and Sammy, needed to let them know he was alive. Needed to find Azazel, needed to give him what he deserved after successfully attempting to kill Dean. Well... Somewhat successfully. Dean thought grimly as he made his way past the prison, towards the main building. He almost bumped into Garth and Adam who were leaving the convenience store just as he marched by it. "Dean?" Garth asked incredulously, as he finally recognized his face under all the blood and dirt. "Dean!" Adam shouted after him as Dean just marched on, fully ignoring both. A sharp wave of pain washed through Dean as he had another breakout. It was as powerful as every other one, but Dean did not even pause, willing himself to keep walking. He had endured so much pain and suffering, he was not about to let a bit more stop him from getting back to his brother and his lover. As the pain ceased Dean could feel the newfound power bubbling inside him, trying to break free but Dean didn't let it. He didn't have time for this, had to find Sam, find Cas. Nothing else mattered.
Castiel interrupted himself as Dean scoffed. “Yoga? Seriously man, all due respect but that ain’t happening.” Castiel nodded as the younger man reacted as expected. “Fair enough. Shall we start with a tour then? You don’t seem to be dangerous and I believe if we leave now we can -“
The next two days were a blur. Castiel was overjoyed to hear the good news, and immediately started packing all his belongings into boxes that Chuck very helpfully supplied.
“They were bad people, Cas. They would have broken free again, would have killed again. This is the best way, I had to do it.” Dean says and when he finally looks at Cas, Cas can see it in his eyes. It’s an act. Be careless, be brave, be strong. Don’t let Chuck or anyone else sense your weakness. Dean doesn't even convince himself with it.
“Definitely.” Dean replied with a smirk and crossed the room, pulling Cas close. Their plan to keep their hands off of each other was quickly discarded and they indulged in a make out session that had both of them panting in no time. Castiel finally pulled back and rested his head on Dean's shoulder, smiling against the crook of his neck. “We really should get going.”
“Everybody listen up!” Dean shouted, even before he reached the middle of the room. Several conversations stopped and suddenly everybody was looking at him. “The prisoners have escaped. Cain is dead. Everybody needs to go to their rooms right now, lock yourselves in, do not look anybody in the eyes.” It was not the most elaborate speech and probably not the best plan, but it was all they had.
And watch the movie they did. Most of it Castiel was watching Dean’s reactions to the movie, not the movie itself. He was just too interesting. Castiel could not understand why Dean got so excited about some guy beating up other guys. Granted, it was kind of sexy, but for the most part, it was simply unrealistic. And for some reason the sex scene made him feel highly uncomfortable. While he could definitely appreciate a topless Jason Statham, he found the girl to be rather distracting. Which only confirmed what he already knew, he was 100% gay.
“Ok, Dean, listen up.” Charlie stopped Dean outside of the cafeteria, eyeing him seriously. She was too nice to actually look threatening but her expression was definitely serious. “Castiel cares about you very much. If you so much as think about breaking his heart, I promise you they will find data on your laptop that will send you to jail for the rest of your life.” She said seriously before smiling brightly, contradicting her serious threat. From what Dean knew about her, he was convinced that she was not bluffing and could in fact make her threat reality.
Castiel watched Dean eat, wondering how he could still be so attractive, even while behaving like a child. He barely knew the man, but still felt drawn to him. Sure, Dean was handsome, but it was so much more than that.  Maybe it was those green eyes and the way Dean looked at him. For example, right now. Crap.
“Sam.” He said, feeling utterly helpless as he watched his brother continue to struggle, unable to breathe. “Stop it!” Dean shouted, wanting to punch Azazel, wanting to kill him. He was so distracted by Sam that he didn't even notice Castiel leaving.
“Crazy day, huh?” Dean said as he opened the door. Castiel nodded with a smile. “I swear, normally things are a lot more peaceful here.” “Doesn’t that get boring real quick?” Dean asked, leaning against the doorframe, arms crossed. Castiel shook his head in reply, standing in the hallway a little awkwardly. “Not really. The people are too interesting for it to get boring.”
“What the hell.” Dean frowned, glancing at Cain one last time before looking back at Castiel, suddenly more worried about Cas than about himself. “Why are you crying?” “I thought I'd lost you. You should be dead.” Castiel managed to say, new tears filling his eyes. Dean shook his head, pulling Castiel close again, letting him press his face into the crook of his neck. “No, Cas. I'm here. I'm good. I'm not that easy to kill.” This time it was Dean who muttered soothing words, holding Castiel until he had calmed down.
“That was…” Castiel started once he had rediscovered his ability to speak, but trailed off in lack of a sufficient word.
Dean nodded and closed his eyes, trying to pinpoint where the strange feeling in his body came from. It spread through his whole body, but the source seemed to be somewhere in the back of his mind. He tried focusing on it, but then opened his eyes as Castiel moved away from him a little, all his focus gone. Cas smiled apologizingly and shrugged a bit. “Just in case it’s something violent.” Dean smiled back and closed his eyes again as Castiel nodded. He could feel the other man’s eyes on him and had to force himself to focus, not finding the right state of mind to fully do so. Peaceful, Castiel had said. Dean thought about this morning, lying in bed with Castiel, holding him in his arms. He had felt very peaceful in that moment, Castiel’s soft breathing grounding him, helping him to forget how messed up his life had become. He could feel his body relax and an intense wave of the strange feeling surged through him. He opened his eyes to see what he had done, but nothing seemed to have changed. Castiel was still sitting with him, looking at him quizzically and the sun was still burning down on them, blinding Dean with it’s light. He had to raise a hand to be able to look at Cas without squinting and shook his head. “I felt something, but I don’t think anything happened.”
“Few days rest and you’ll be good as new.” She said with a smile before turning to Dean. “Tell me what happened.”
“How’s Jess?” Even Dean, who wasn’t into that romantic crap, had to admit that Sam and his girlfriend were perfect for each other. They had been a couple for three years now and Dean was certain they would end up marrying each other, white picket fence and all.
He woke up in unfamiliar surroundings. His head hurt where he had hit it when falling onto the floor, and his muscles were weak. Weakened by his latest breakout. He did not know how many more he would have to endure, but for a moment he felt hopeless. Afraid that he would never be able to leave this island again. For a moment, a short, blissful moment he did not remember what had happened. His only fear was the prospect of having to learn yet another gift, possibly one that he would not be able to control as easily. He did not remember that his brother was gone, taken by possibly one of the most cruel killers in the world.
Though younger, Sam was much taller and stronger than Meg and within seconds she found herself lying on her stomach, pinned against the bed. Sam held her down with rough hands, standing over her. Her arm was so painfully twisted that she was sure her shoulder would pop with a single wrong movement.
Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist, gently pulling Cas with him. “Come on.” He said, sitting down on the bed, motioning for Cas to sit next to him. Hesitantly, he did and Dean smiled at him, pulling him into a tight embrace. Castiel let Dean guide him as he moved them onto the bed. Unable to look at Dean as he was still feeling mortified, Castiel lay down on top of the blanket, head on one of his pillows, back turned to him.
“I wouldn’t know, I never did anything like this before.” Castiel said, confirming Dean’s earlier assumption. Dean smiled against Castiel’s skin and kissed his neck again, inhaling the other man’s scent.
Castiel moved away from the headboard and lay down on the bed, holding his breath as Dean lowered onto Castiel's erection. “Oh god.” Deans words were nothing more than a whisper, but Castiel heard it and he felt the same as the head of his cock was suddenly engulfed by perfect, wet heat.
Castiel had tried to keep the conversation as matter-of-factly as possible as though not to show his nerves, but he knew he could not let Dean leave this room yet. Even though some gifts could not even be confined by the walls of a room, it was safer this way if Dean got angry and his gift slashed out.
He could not remember how he got here, all he knew was that he had suddenly been in a lot of pain and his legs had given in beneath him as his vision blurred. He did not even remember hitting the floor. The only source of light in the room was the sun, shining brightly though a window on his left side. It had been night when he came home from work and Dean realized quite some time must have passed since the incident in the kitchen. Despite knowing better, Dean sat up and swung his legs out his bed in one swift movement. He fought the urge to throw up again and closed his eyes before pushing himself off his bed, careful not to place his bare feet into his own vomit. It was only now that he realized he was not wearing the clothes he had been wearing for work. The t-shirt he wore was one of his dark undershirts and the checkered pajama he had been put in were not even his, but Sam’s. He did not like the idea that somebody had undressed and redressed him while he was unconscious but he had more pressing matters to take care of now.
The way that he kept stepping into Deans personal space could have been irritating, but somehow Dean felt comfortable being this close to the other man. He had not noticed how handsome Castiel was. Mesmerized he watched as Castiel’s tongue darted out, tracing his lips in a gesture that might have been involuntary. Dean decided to interpret it as a sign, took a leap of faith and went in for a kiss.
“Didn’t you say he was struck by a lot of electricity? As in high voltage over a prolonged period of time?” Meg asked incredulously, looking at Kevin. “Yes. Sam hit him with a lightning bolt, it looked like his muscles were spasming for several seconds.” Meg looked back at Dean with a frown, mustering the small blisters on his chest. “He couldn’t have survived that, his heart would have given out. And electricity that high causes third degree burns. This is only a second degree burn, and not a very severe one either.” She poked one of her fingernails into one of the bigger blisters and Dean hissed in pain as it popped, leaking a clear fluid onto his chest. “What the hell?” He exclaimed, moving away from Meg. “That’s for interrupting me and Gabriel for no reason at all. Put some antibiotic cream on that and you’ll be fine in a week or so.” Meg gracefully stood up and brushed the sand off her clothes as she turned to leave. Just before she entered the building she turned around one last time. “My offer still stands, Dean. You’re invited too, pretty boy.” Meg said and winked at Sam, chuckling suggestively before disappearing into the building.
“You said Azazel controlled him. Are you sure he is not still influenced by him? You better keep an eye on him tonight, make sure he doesn't try to hurt himself again.” She said softly, looking Dean up and down before changing the subject, feeling she made her point. “How are you feeling? Is the newest gift showing itself yet?”
They stood in silence for several minutes before Dean announced he was getting hungry again. Castiel couldn’t help but smile at that, remembering how much Dean had eaten not more than two hours ago.
. He already started beating himself up about it, but then he noticed that the look in Castiel’s eyes wasn’t hurt at all. It was serious, and definitely less cheerful, but it was also warm and… affectionate? Dean returned the smile that spread across Castiel’s face as the other man placed a hand on Dean’s arm. They looked into each other’s eyes for a while before Castiel finally moved to close the gap between them. Dean met him half way and they kissed gently, sweet. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and moved a hand through Dean’s hair, enjoying the feeling of  Dean's soft lips against his own. In return, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist, lifting him up with surprising strength, pulling him onto his lap. Dean let himself fall back into the pillows and Castiel followed, both men now half lying, half sitting on the couch. Cas felt Dean’s tongue nudge against his lips gently and he parted them, sliding his hands down Dean’s chest as they kissed, tongues sliding against each other. Again, Dean manhandled Castiel with ease, pushing him to lie on his back with Dean on top of him, never even breaking the kiss. Castiel’s hands, now able to roam freely, moved along Dean’s back and down to his ass, pulling their hips together.
“It's over, Azazel. You lost.” Cas said coolly as Sam went limp in his arms, passing out for the second time this day.
“I gotta call you back.” Sam said, quickly sitting up. “I love you too. Talk to you soon.” Dean couldn’t help but smile, watching his brother hang up.
John towered over him, a raging giant, ready to start throwing punches. Dean readied himself to avoid him, John was brutal and strong, but he was also very drunk so if Dean was quick he should be able to make it to Sammy’s room without taking a hit. He could lock himself in with Sam, wait until John finally passed out on the couch. “What are you waiting for. Pick it up, you little shit.” Even though slightly slurred, his father’s words dripped with loathing. Dean looked at the bottle that was lying to his feet, spilling liquor. He hadn’t meant to knock it over, but as soon as he saw it fall he knew he was in trouble. Dean didn’t want to pick it up, he knew that John would use his moment of vulnerability to start hurting him. Reluctantly, slowly he bent over to pick up the bottle, keeping an eye on John.
Castiel and Dean took care of carrying Sam, Dean hooking his arms under Sam's, Castiel taking the legs. Gabriel followed them, not much of a help as he was still busy worrying about Meg.
Castiel entwined their fingers, smiling softly. “Where have you been all my life?” Castiel said under his breath, looking into Dean’s eyes. Dean knew the question did not require answering, because he felt the same. All his life he had been perfectly content with occasional hook-ups, he’d even had a few longer relationships, but never had he felt like this. This man in front of him was technically still a stranger, but being with him felt like coming home. Dean never thought he believed in it, but meeting Castiel, he was sure he had found his soulmate. He tore his eyes from Castiel’s and looked at the shiny black wings again. “Can I touch them?”
“I get that I can't stop you from going, but you can't stop me from coming with you.” Castiel said stubbornly and placed his hand on the door handle, ready to leave. Dean stopped him, holding the door closed. “You don't even have any protection. It is too dangerous.”
Benny took one look at Dean's dead eyes and slowly shook his head. “Sam, I don't think…” “Quickly, he's in pain.” Sam interrupted him, turning back to look at Dean and stroked one hand through his hair, hoping to comfort his older brother. “You hear that, Dean? He'll move the rock, you’ll be okay now.”
Again, Castiel interrupted himself as the room suddenly went dark. His gaze wandered to the window, where the sun had been shining brightly mere seconds ago. Now it was hidden behind dark clouds and heavy raindrops started pouring down, soaking everyone that happened to be unlucky enough to be outside at the moment. The temperature in the room dropped by several degrees and Castiel watched fascinated as a lightning strike hit the nearest palm tree. This could only mean one thing.
“Show him what?” Castiel asked carefully, knowing that whatever Sam was about to show Dean, Kevin was probably not exaggerating when he said it could be dangerous. “Let’s go, come on.” Sam said and gripped his brother by the arm, practically dragging him outside. “Come on.” Sam said again, impatient as his brother didn’t follow as quickly as he would like him to.
Originally had other plans for this chapter, but then this sort of happened. Thus the delay, sorry about that.
“Dean?” Sam asked, sounding sleepy and confused when he finally opened his eyes. “What's going on?” He asked, again pulling at his ties. Castiel reluctantly got off Dean's lap so that Dean could tend to Sam. “Relax, Sammy. You're in your hospital bed. The restraints are for your own and everyone's safety.”
“You will do it, because if you don't I will come to your cell right now and make you.” Sam's - Azazel's eyes flicked to Castiel and he smirked at the threat. “Oh please do. I would love to see you try. You can't force me to stop.”
“She’s worried. I had to tell her I have a virus and that I am not allowed to see anyone for the next few weeks.” Sam frowned, placing his phone on the nightstand. “This whole thing sucks ass, I just want to get the fuck out of here.”
“And why would I do that?” Sam said, and Dean shuddered at the snarl in his voice. Everything about this was wrong, so wrong. The hate in his eyes, the cruel smile on his face, even the way he spoke reeked of Azazel. That wasn't the worst of it though. The worst was, that Dean did not have an answer for him. He wanted to help Sam so badly, wanted to rescue his little brother but he did not have anything to offer. He couldn't give Azazel the one thing he wanted, as letting the brothers out was not an option.
But leave he did. And he ran. Castiel ran like he never had in his entire life. This was a matter of life and death, literally. He had to make it to Azazel's cell in time, needed to put an end to this once and for all. He would do this for Dean, if it was the last thing he did. He came to a stuttering halt in the middle of the hallway, realizing his foolishness. Why would he go to knock Azazel out if Sam could be sedated easily. He turned on his heels and started to sprint again, making his way to Gabriel's room, praying to God that Meg was with his brother.
“I don't think you understand how negotiations work, Castiel. I have something that you want. To get it back you have to give me something that I want. A brother for a brother, I think it is very fair. Almost poetic.” Azazel said, walking closer to them, eyes trained on Dean who heard the movement but didn't dare to look up.
“I hate to interrupt, but your brother is waiting right through that door.” She said with a sly smirk, eyes shamelessly trained on the bulge forming in Dean's pants. “Because as much as I would love to see this show, I meant what I said. You should not leave him alone tonight.” Her eyes wandered up Dean's body, but instead of looking at his face she looked over his shoulder at Castiel. Even though Dean could not see Cas' face, it was clear that there was some sort of unspoken communication going on. It took a few moments of rapidly changing facial expressions before Meg finally threw her arms up in defeat.
It's Jess' soft voice that finally breaks Sam out of his shock. “Sam?” She's standing at the top of the stairs, wrapped in a blanket. “What...” It takes her a second, but Dean can see the exact moment she recognizes him. “Oh my god. Dean.” And then there's two people trying to crush him with their hugs.
mark for the next few days. He realized it had kind of been a dick move to leave it above the neckline of Castiel’s shirt, but deep down he wanted everyone to know that Castiel was his. His? Dean pushed the thought away, it was ridiculous. He barely even knew the man, he had no right to be possessive.
“Time for breakfast.” He decided and they walked downstairs together. Apparently Gabriel had had the audacity to leave behind a mess, so Dean washed the used pots while Castiel prepared the breakfast. They talked about everything and nothing while they ate, Dean telling Castiel about his job at the Roadhouse, Sam’s scholarship, and his car, a 67 Chevy Impala. Dean seemed even more exited about his car than he had been about the movie they watched the day before. Castiel’s cheeks almost hurt from all the smiling he did as he listened to Dean’s stories. That is, until Dean pushed away his plate and looked at Castiel seriously. “I know you will not want to hear this, but I feel that we have to talk about what happened yesterday. You don’t even have to say anything, just hear me out.” Dean said and Castiel’s heart sunk. Dean had been so sweet all morning, Castiel had hoped Dean would overlook Castiel’s embarrassing behavior. He stared at his plate, unable to look Dean in the eye.
Castiel nodded. “Next time you feel like it is about to happen you need to fight it with all you have. It will be hard and it will be frustrating but the more often you do it, the easier it’ll be and eventually your body will do it as a reflex. Two weeks after that reflex kicks in, you’ll be good to go home.” Castiel explained, remembering how he had learned to control his own gift.
“He has been with me all my life. He was the only constant caretaker I had growing up here. I guess in a way he is like a father to me.” Castiel explained and Dean’s expression softened. If there was one thing he understood it was the need to obey your father. Even though John had always been a total asshole, Dean had feared him enough to try and obey his every command. The punishment for disobedience was too unpredictable, too painful. “I just want you to be happy.” Dean said and Cas smiled, leaning down and kissing him gently. “I am happy, Dean. Right now I am happy.”
“Dean Winchester needs to die.” Sam mumbled as he swung his legs out of the bed, way more agile than should be possible with his abdominal wound. The smirk he gave Dean was pure evil and Dean raised his hands in defense. “Sammy, please. I know you're in there, you need to fight this.”
“I should have known. I could have stopped them from burying you. You didn't have to go through this. You didn't deserve any of this.” Cas says weakly, new tears welling up. Dean leans forward, kissing Cas' cheeks, kissing his tears away.
“One day the government just sent some people and had it built. At first I assumed they just wanted to create another way to scare people into keeping this secret, but then they brought two new Gifted in. I’m not even sure if those are their real names, but they call themselves Alistair and Azazel. I think they are brothers. Apparently they killed 27 people together before they were caught and imprisoned. They then had their breakout in prison and had to be brought here. Their Gifts made it impossible for them to stay locked up in a regular prison.”
Castiel’s eyes rolled back and fluttered shut as he felt Dean's hot breath against the skin of his neck. Dean pressed open mouthed kisses to his sensitive flesh and Castiel’s breathing quickened as he thrust his hips up in search of friction. He could
It wasn't until then that she noticed the dark marks on Castiel's neck and her eyes widened. “Are those hickeys?” She exclaimed excitedly, eyes wandering from Castiel to Dean and back to Castiel. “Bitch, why didn't you tell me? I, your best friend and most definitely the most important person in your life-“ She made sure to playfully narrow her eyes at Dean as she said these words. “I deserve to hear about these kinds of things! From now on, I demand to be informed about every dirty little detail of your relationship.”
Unsure of how to react to the situation, Castiel cleared his throat and licked his lips nervously. “Yes. Uh. No. I mean, I think it should be here somewhere?” Never before had Castiel felt more awkward. He looked at Dean, who was as devastatingly handsome as ever, even with his hair messed up by Castiel’s clumsy hands. The amused expression on Dean’s face was infuriating and Castiel frowned at him. “You’re an ass, you know that?” Castiel snapped and clenched his jaw as Dean started laughing out loud. “It is not funny.” He said coolly, knowing full well that Dean was just teasing him. Two can play that game.
It was Castiel’s turn to wrap his arms around Dean. He pulled him a little closer, holding him securely. “Close your eyes, Dean.” He watched as Dean closed his eyes and slowly unfolded his wings, using his energy to ensure Dean would not slip from his grasp.
Gabriel helped her sit down, all the while glaring at Dean angrily. Dean cleaned up the mess, neatly putting everything back into Meg's med-kit before turning to Castiel for help. He was strong, probably strong enough to carry Sam into the bed by himself, but he did not want to take any risks.
From the corner of his eye he could see Sammy standing in the door to his room, wide eyes, way too young to understand what was going on. “Lock yourself in your room Sammy.” Dean said firmly, knowing he would not make it there in time anymore. John was already standing at the top of the stairs right in front of him, hesitating for some reason. Dean was breathing hard, wondering what his father was waiting for. That is, until John’s eyes finally wandered from Dean to Sam, who refused to move to save himself. The glint in his eyes was almost evil, and Dean’s legs reacted before his brain could. He used what little distance he had between John and himself, building speed before launching himself at his father, catching him totally off guard. It was the first time Dean had ever fought back, and John stumbled back, his foot not finding solid ground as he was standing right at the edge of the stairs. Dean could see how surprised John was.
mean more to me than just a casual hookup.” Castiel finally looked up from his plate, wide eyes and a look on his face that Dean couldn’t quite read.
They made their way to the mountain in silence, Dean taking in the beautiful scenery. They walked along the long beach, away from the volleyball players. Dean was thankful for that, he did not feel like meeting new people right now.
It's Castiel who rings the doorbell again. “Sam, this is Castiel and Dean. He's alive. Open the door so we can explain.” Sam doesn't answer but the door opens with a buzz, much to Dean's relief. He steps into the hallway, but before he can look around to take in his surroundings Sam is already storming down the stairs. He's fuming and armed with a field hockey stick. He's only wearing his boxers and a t-shirt and Dean is relieved to notice that he is much more muscular than he was when Dean last saw him. He looks healthy, much better than Castiel had looked when Dean saw him again. Much healthier than Cas looks now, standing in the doorway behind Dean.
“My whole life. I grew up here.” The statement shocked Dean. Castiel had spent his whole life cooped up on an island, probably never around more than 40 people. No wonder the guy was so weird at times, having worse mood swings than a lady on their period. He probably wasn’t used to so much human interaction.
“I am sorry, Sam.” Castiel said and turned his head away, unable to watch as Sam raised the blade again, this time pointing it to his lower abdomen.
Castiel smiled and shook his head. “I think something did happen. Look around.” Dean looked around but couldn’t make out what Castiel was talking about. Behind him was the back of the gym building, beneath him was the dried out grass, in front of him was Castiel, smiling warmly, bright sunlight giving him a somewhat angelic glow. Dean couldn’t even begin to look up, the light was already making his eyes water from just looking around without sunglasses.
“I never looked at you.” Dean said under his breath and Castiel looked at him, noticing how Dean was just staring past him right now, not focused on anything, clearly listening to Azazel’s voice inside his head. Castiel knew what it felt like, hearing him for the first time. It was as if every conscious thought was taken over by Azazel’s voice. It was possible to fight him though, if you found the will to try. When the two brothers were first brought here, they had not known how to properly control their gifts. It was the only reason people managed to lock them up in the first place. But now, two years later, they had mastered control of their gifts. In here, they had nothing to do except practice on each other. Azazel was strong willed, and Castiel knew that he could read thoughts, Azazel was good at pinpointing insecurities and using them to hurt people.
“She could have died today.” Gabriel said, placing a possessive arm around Meg who in turn leaned against him on the couch.
Charlie was the next one to come into the room, finding Cas still hidden under a heap of black feathers. She took a moment to take in the sight, realizing with horror that there were loose feathers lying in and around the bed. It wasn't until then that she heard the tiny sobs coming from underneath the heavy wings and noticed the apple pie on the bedside table. "Gabe.." She muttered to herself, well aware that Gabriel didn’t know about Dean’s love for apple pie. She couldn’t even begin to understand the pain that Castiel was in, but she knew she needed to help, so she did the only way she knew how.
“You wish. This room is mine.” Sam said, getting up and grabbing the TV remote on his way to the couch. “You coming or what?” He asked, letting himself drop on the couch.
Dean smiled back at Castiel and looked around. “So first I got my dad’s gift, then I got Sam’s gift. I’m just glad I don’t have any more siblings I could copy.” Dean said, chuckling a bit. “Imagine that. I’d have to go through another breakout.” Dean laid down, hands under his head, looking up into the clear blue sky. “You know, you should leave here some time. I’m sure you’d be able to control it. You don’t have any problems controlling yourself here, right?” Castiel sighed softly at Dean’s words, laying down next to him. “I wish I could, Dean. But even if I believed I could do it, Chuck would never let me.”
They stayed like this, Dean very much enjoying his position as little spoon as Castiel covered his shoulders and the back of his neck in soft kisses. Dean was just about to doze off when his stomach rumbled loudly. Castiel chuckled softly and kissed his shoulder one last time before letting go of Dean. “Shower and then food. We haven't eaten since breakfast.”
This is my first time writing smut, I hope you enjoy it anyway. If you are not into that kind of thing and are here for the plot you can skip this chapter, the next one will continue with the storyline.
“Hey.” Dean’s voice was soft as he reached across the table to place his hand on Castiel’s again. “I won’t laugh at you, I promise.” Castiel looked up into Dean’s eyes and wondered what he had done in his life to deserve meeting someone as perfect as Dean. Nobody had ever shown him the affection that Dean was showing him, nobody had ever cared as much as Dean seemed to care. Whenever Dean looked him in the eyes like this, Castiel felt like he was flying. Or perhaps he was falling and Dean was the only one who would catch him before he smashed on the ground. Maybe it was called “falling in love” for a reason.
Castiel was by his side sitting at the bed that was not his. “Where am I?” Dean’s voice was weak. He struggled to sit up but a firm hand to his chest held him down. ”Don't. You have a concussion. You need to relax.” It was Meg’s voice, failing to soothe him, as memory came rushing back. “Sammy.” He managed to croak, worried about his little brother more than his own health. Castiel smiled at him, reassuringly.
Meg cleared her throat and Dean’s eyes flew open. He couldn't recall closing them, but then again, Castiel's actions had left his head a little blood deprived. He could feel Castiel's erection pressing against his ass, and even though Castiel's hands were only resting on his lower stomach, his touch was sending tingly pleasure right to Dean's dick.
Dean raised an eyebrow at what clearly was meant as a joke, and Castiel’s face immediately hardened. “And you won’t. Come on, Dean.” Before Dean knew it, Castiel had grabbed his hand and was pulling him up the stairs towards an open door. “What are you doing, Cas?” Dean asked, not liking the way this was going. Without giving an answer, Castiel shoved Dean into the room - clearly Castiel’s bedroom - and pulled the door closed behind them, locking it before turning back to Dean. “He does not get to interrupt us like that. Maybe this will teach him a lesson. Being downstairs while we fuck.” He said firmly and pulled off his shirt, dropping it on the floor before looking at Dean expectantly. Clearly he didn’t notice the reluctant look in Dean’s face because he proceeded to open his pants, all the while looking at Dean. “Go on, undress.” He said almost impatiently and Dean shook his head, opening his mouth to protest, but Castiel gripped his shirt and pushed him against the wall. All the shy behavior from before seemed to be gone, and Dean let himself forget the circumstances as Castiel’s lips smashed against his own, kissing him urgently. They made out like this, Dean pushed against the wall, Castiel’s hands fumbling to undress both of them. Dean was not much of a help, too overwhelmed by the sudden turn of events, but Castiel soon had stripped them both down to their boxers.
“What, no goodbye kiss?” Dean asked just as Castiel exited the room. Castiel shook his head and looked back at him with a grin. “Nope.” With that he left the room, making his way to his own.
“Do you want Azazel to take control of everyone? Or Alistair to torture them? Go, Dean. I'll be fine.”
“What, you wouldn’t want your brother to find it?” Dean replied with a laugh, making his way back to the building, still shirtless. Castiel’s smile dropped and he made a face, imagining all the comments he would have to endure if that happened. “We better hurry.” He said, following Dean quickly.
Castiel spent the first days like this. Curled up in his bed, refusing to eat, refusing to move, refusing to speak. He was still wrapped up in his own wings, using them to shield himself, hiding from the world. Losing Dean had left a hole in his chest, left him drained of all energy, of his own will to live. Gabriel, Meg and Charlie took turns checking in on him, each of them visiting him at least five times a day, urging him to eat, forcing him to at least drink some water. "There are faster ways to kill yourself, Cassie." Gabriel said one day as he put down a plate of Castiel’s favorite pie on his bedside table, hoping Cas wouldn't be able to resist, unaware of the memories Castiel associated with apple pie now. He tried talking to Castiel, but resigned after some time, leaving the room with a deep sigh.
Castiel nodded but didn't say anything, too worried about Dean to actually feel relieved. He didn't have to look for him, he knew Dean would want to be with Sam. Taking long, fast steps Cas caught up to him before Dean even reached the room.
“Deal.” Dean says and Castiel smiles, opening the tab and grabbing a towel. It is weird, being washed by another person like this. Castiel does not fill up the bathtub but instead continuously washes the towel, soaking it in water before wiping as much dirt as possible off Dean's body. It isn't until Dean notices that Castiel is only working with one hand that he notices the state his other hand is in.
They soak in the hot water for a long time, quietly talking to each other about everything and nothing. Castiel informs Dean that Sam is at Stanford, living with Jessica who is talking good care of Sam. Castiel stayed in touch with Sam, even after- They don’t talk about that. Somehow, they manage to pretend like nothing of importance happened. Dean was away for a time and now they catch up, as couples do. They also talk about wanting to leave the island. Dean knows he can’t stay here, not with Sam gone. Castiel will come with him, they don’t even have to talk about that. Neither of them are willing to leave the other and Castiel would do everything to ensure that he never has to lose Dean again. Dean would like to say the same. That he would do everything for Cas, even stay on this island but he can’t. Not after- He just can’t.
“Yeah I can definitely see that.” Dean said with a smirk, and a playful glistening in his eyes. Castiel was suddenly very aware that Dean was not wearing a shirt. He had to force himself not to look away from Dean’s face as Dean reached out and pulled him closer by his arm. “Do you want to come inside?” Dean asked, and before Castiel had time to answer, soft lips were pressed against his own. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle and pulled him closer, feeling Dean’s heat radiating through the thin layer of fabric that was separating the two of them. “I think you should come inside.” Dean breathed against Castiel’s lips, pulling back a bit to look into the other man’s eyes.
“You think that's awesome? Look at this.” Dean says and closes his eyes, focussing on the swirl of newfound gifts inside of him, hoping to find Castiel's. Even though he never learned to control any of them and he really does not understand how, his body instinctively adapted to every new gift and he has no problem using them. Dean looks Castiel straight in the eye, watching his lovers reaction as he slowly starts glowing from the inside. It is a very dim light at first, barely noticeable but then it gets brighter and brighter until Cas eventually has to avert his eyes.
“I am sorry, Cas. It's just that I don't like the idea of you being stuck here for the rest of your life. You should get to do whatever you want, go wherever you want. And as selfish and stupid as it might be, I don't want to have to leave and be without you forever. You're important to me.”
There was an armchair standing in the corner of the room and they sat in it together, Dean only protesting for a moment when Castiel pulled him to sit in his lap.
“Thanks Sammy, this is great.” Dean seemed genuinely happy with the present and Sam smiled, walking over to his brother and pulling him into a tight hug. Dean seemed startled at the sudden show of affection but quickly recovered from the initial confusion and wrapped his strong arms around his brother. “You alright?” Dean sounded genuinely concerned as Sam was usually not one to show his feelings so openly. “I’m just happy to have you Dean. Thank you for taking care of me all those years.” Sam could feel his brother laughing, even though he never let out more than a chuckle. “Don’t get all sappy on me, kiddo. You should go to bed, it’s really late.” He finally let go of his older sibling and stepped back. “Fine. Jerk.” “Bitch.” Dean countered with a smile.
of all people? Finding out that some people have special abilities is one thing, but I just got thrown smack in the middle of it because apparently I am one of them. I still didn’t even have time to wrap my head around that whole thing and now I am a special kind of freak? With not only one gift, but two? It’s too much. I’ll get Sam and then we’re the hell out of here.”
Dean looked up into the sky amazed, laughing with his younger brother, suddenly also feeling excited for him. “That is so awesome, Sammy.” He looked over at his brother who was standing in the rain, laughing and looking at his hand that was still surrounded by a mini lightning storm. “I think I don’t even have to be outside to do this, I just didn’t want to damage anything.” Sam spoke and the happier he felt, the more the lightnings that surrounded his hand grew bigger, one of them striking the floor by his feet. “Alright, Sammy, enough.” Dean said, stepping back a bit as the lightning storm almost hit him. “Sammy.” He repeated firmly, and Sam frowned, looking at his hand. “Dean, I can’t – I can’t stop.” His eyes showed the sudden change of emotions he was experiencing in this moment and loud thunder made all four men flinch. “Sam, you need to calm down. You’re fine. Just stay calm.” Kevin carefully walked closer to Sam and placed one hand onto Sam’s right shoulder, hoping it would help him relax. Instead, Sam flinched and one big lighting strike went from his hand, right into Dean’s chest.
Castiel felt her weight on the bed behind him and in no time there was a body pressed up against his wings from behind. Charlie wrapped one leg around his waist and placed one arm on top of his wing, running her fingers through the long feathers soothingly. It was the first time someone other than Dean touched his wings in such an intentional way and Cas couldn’t help but tense at the initial contact. There was no spark though, no overwhelmingly strong emotions. It was just slender fingers, stroking through his feathers like they would through his hair and Castiel relaxed into the touch. Before he knew it he slipped into a restless sleep, haunted by dreams of green eyes and apple pie.
? I’ll tell you what’s dangerous! That maniac running around with my brother. Stop worrying about me and start worrying about Sam! Why are you so calm about this?” Dean was shouting, angry and worried by Castiel’s apparent carelessness.
It was as if a switch had flipped inside of Sam. Before he could decide how to proceed, his body had already moved on it's own. He took Meg by surprise as he suddenly pulled her arm, brutally twisting it behind her back. She shouted in surprise and pain, too surprised to do anything about it at the moment.
Then it just ended. The cramps and the pain were gone as quickly as they came and Dean exhaled relieved. Everything had lasted less than a minute, but it had been a lot more intense than what he remembered from his first breakout. This whole day had been so much more intense than any other day Dean remembered and he sat up gingerly, afraid he might start hurting again. “Is this normal?” Dean asked, his voice sounding strange in his own ears, somehow wrecked, strained.
There was only time for one last thought Azazel planted in Sam's brain, just before he was knocked out. His last attempt to get back at Castiel and Dean for locking him up again. His last way of playing with them, the way he had played with so many of his victims before them.
Dean listened as Castiel talked and slowly nodded. “So that change our bodies go through, does that change the way we look? Say, remove old scars?” Castiel shook his head in response. “No, physical mutations are… Very rare. Why? Did your appearance change?” Castiel looked confused, tilting his head and studying Dean closely.
“No.” Chuck says simply when they finish their story and ask him to organize their departure, seemingly unfazed by the fact that Dean came back from the dead.
“Come.” Dean leaned his head back far enough to look at Castiel as he motioned for him to sit in the chair with him. So Castiel did. He walked around and straddled Dean's lap, facing him as he wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. It was not sexy or teasing in any way, he simply thought it might be comfortable to rest against Dean like that.
Dean’s moan sent vibrations through Castiel’s cock and he groaned, running one hand though Dean’s hair, the other still clutched to a tight fist next to his side. He was panting hard as the pleasure built in his body. He tried to fight for more control but he knew he would not last much longer, not with the expertise Dean was displaying. “Dean, I…” He tried to warn Dean but his voice betrayed him, he was too breathless to form a full sentence. All he could do was gasp at the pleasure Dean gave him. Both of Dean’s hands found their way back to Castiel’s ass and Castiel watched amazed as Dean took the whole length of his erection down his throat, burying his nose in the dark curls at the base of his cock. Dean held it there for a few seconds before pulling back, humming softly on his way up. Dean looked up into Castiel’s eyes and the pure lust Castiel saw in them was enough to send him right over the edge. He came with a voiceless shout, Dean moaning as he pulled at his hair. There was a low thud as Castiel banged his head against the rock wall, legs almost giving in under him as waves of pleasure rolled through him.
“And then what? This isn’t going to disappear just because you decide you’re done with it.” Castiel knew this reaction, he had seen it many times but somehow Dean’s words stung. Freak. Dean was right, that is what he was, what they all were. Castiel was aware Dean had been talking about in Gifted in general, but the way Dean had looked at him when he said it made it hard not to take it personally.
“What? No, I…” Dean didn’t know how Sam did it, but there was no use denying it now. Sam knew him well enough to tell when he was lying anyway. “It’s not like that.” Dean said sheepishly, avoiding eye contact at all costs.
“No!” Dean, who had tried his best not to look up couldn't bear it anymore. Castiel’s words scared him and he raised his head just in time to see Sammy stab himself with a giant kitchen knife. The sound he made was so angry it sounded almost inhuman and Dean lurched forward, tackling a very surprised Azazel. He didn't even care to make sure he didn't look Azazel in the eye, he just gave one well placed punch to the chin and Azazel's head crashed into the floor, knocking him out.
“Which state do you live in?” Cas asked, genuinely interested about everything concerning the “outside world” as he liked to call it. Dean pushed his plate away, wiping his mouth with a paper napkin as he already finished all his burgers in record time. “Sammy and I grew up in Lawrence , Kansas. After our father died we moved to Maryland, just outside of DC.”
“And you are not a horrible person, Dean.” He said and placed one hand on Dean’s cheek when Dean turned his head away. He could feel Dean’s jaw clench and moved even closer to him, all but sitting on his lap now. “Hey. Look at me.” Their noses almost brushed against each other when Dean finally looked back at Castiel. “You are
The task turned out to be harder than expected as they both had more experience creating storms, not pushing them away. “Maybe, if we go outside we will be more successful.” Sam said as another one of his gushes of wind blew open his suitcase.
“Cas, you should sit.” Gabriel said and pulled out a chair from under the table, placing it so Cas could sit on it. “I don't want to sit, I want you to tell me what’s going on. Is Sam alright? Is that his blood?” Castiel asked, motioning to the red mess that Gabriel was covered in. Gabriel looked at him, and his eyes were so sad and hopeless that a cold shiver ran down Castiel's spine. “Gabriel, whose blood is this?”
“Of course.” Dean said, kissing Castiel one last time before finally turning to look at the view. Castiel turned back around in Dean’s arms, leaning against his strong chest as they watched the sun go down over the water. He placed his hands over Dean’s, simply enjoying the feeling of being held by Dean.
Dean suddenly felt the incredible urge to look left and managed to stop himself by pure instinct. “Do not look anyone in the eyes, Sam. Keep your head down. He's here.”
“Just leave the island. Let my brother go and leave us alone. Take the win.” Dean said, closing his eyes tightly, entwining fingers with Castiel. Azazel's cold laugh ran shivers down his spine. “You see, there's a problem with that plan. To do what I do, I need my brother. We're a team. I'm the mastermind, he's the artist. Give him a blade and , oh, the
Cas walked around Dean, ending the conversation. Dean turned to stare at him, wondering if he had done something wrong. He didn’t have long to wallow in self-hatred, though, because Benny was waking up. It was time to move again.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Don’t be so old-fashioned, Dean. One of the couples involved with the case was two women. I don’t think ghosts are typically concerned with the sexuality of their victims.”
“No, you listen to me. Cas is a good guy, he deserves a normal life. He has spent all of his life here and now he has an opportunity to leave, to live in an actual home, surrounded by people that love him. He said you grew up in a regular home, don't you remember what that's like? Wouldn't you go back to that if you could?” Dean asked heatedly and Chuck folded his hands on the table, looking at Dean intently.
“Of course.” Cas said and stepped aside. He helped Adam put everything where it belonged and after Adam was gone, finished his table with a single candle in a glass, right in the middle. It was all the decoration he had left, most of his stuff was already packed in boxes and had been brought away for transport.
Castiel’s brain stopped working the moment his back hit the wall. His whole mind was consumed by the intensity of the moment and all he could feel was Dean. Dean’s hands; one in his hair, one in the small of his back, pulling their hips closer together. Dean’s thigh, pushing against his growing erection, his own thigh pushed up against Dean’s. They were still kissing, breathless as they rubbed against each other like horny teenagers. Castiel slid his hands along Dean’s chest, his fingers finding Dean’s nipples and gently rubbing them through the fabric of his shirt. Dean let out a breathy moan and suddenly Castiel felt there were too many layers of clothes separating the two of them. He tugged at Dean’s shirt, breaking the kiss to try and pull it over Dean’s head. Dean helped him and tossed it to the side, taking a small step back to give room for Castiel to take his own shirt off. Dean watched with lust-blown eyes as Castiel revealed his body and Castiel hooked his fingers into Dean’s belt loops, pulling him close again.
Sam nodded reluctantly, not buying Dean’s careless act. He knew his brother well enough to know that something was bothering him. Still, he also knew that if Dean did not want to talk about it he would not talk about it, no matter how much Sam pushed. He’d come around eventually, he always did.
“Well, I hope I made it a memorable experience for you, handsome.” Castiel blushed again and turned in Dean’s arms, kissing him gently. “Definitely. Thank you, Dean.”
“Don’t be such a drama queen, Sammy. Everything is fine now.” Sam crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked out the window where the last clouds were slowly disappearing. Even though Sam was no longer looking at him, Dean could practically feel his bitch face.
Sam stumbles to a halt, missing the last step and if Dean hadn't been there to catch him he would have fallen. Sam's hands immediately reach for his brother, even as his brain fails to process the situation.
Dean stared at Castiel for a moment, unable to wrap his mind around what he was hearing. This place was even crazier than he’d expected. “If they really are that dangerous, why lock them up? Why not just kill them?” Dean asked when he found his ability to speak, really starting to regret having come here with Castiel. “That is not my decision to make, Dean. If you’d like to go back, I understand. I can handle myself in there.” Dean shook his head quickly. As much as he hated the idea of going in there with Cas, he hated it even more to think that Cas would have to go alone. “No. I’m fine. Let’s do this.” “Okay.” Castiel said and proceeded the type in the code. He scanned his hand right after and the heavy metal door opened quietly.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. Feel free to leave some Kudos or let me know what you think in the comments, it means a lot to me. Have a great day. <3
“As I said, every gift is different. The light that you saw, that is part of my gift. I can feel the energy inside me, flowing through my blood. I had to train not to let some out at all times. After I had my breakout, I was a walking light bulb for almost 2 weeks. Now I don’t even have to focus anymore, I have trained my body to channel it elsewhere. Other people have to focus in order to conjure their gift, I think it is most likely that this will be the case with you, otherwise you would have released your powers already. Sometimes it takes time until you stumble upon your gift by accident. Right now, the only things I can recommend are yoga and meditation to help you find your balance and help you focus.”
“I love you too.” Castiel replies, snuggling against Dean. His body is fully relaxed and the heat of the water and the safety of Dean's presence make him feel perfectly at ease.
“Dean.” It was a plea, and a warning. Castiel's hands found Dean's hips, stilling him, not wanting this to end too soon. Dean pulled himself together, taking a deep breath before looking back at Castiel. The other man looked so helplessly turned on, Dean's dick twitched with want.
“Time for breakfast.” She said instead, walking towards Cas and offering the banana to him. It wasn't really an offer though, more of a silent command and she was determined to force him to eat it. He looked horrible, worse than she would have imagined. A week of crying and fasting had dehydrated Castiel. His lips were dry and rough, his eyes were red and puffy, standing out even more as the rest of his face was pale and sunken. His body was too small for his clothes as he had lost weight, both fat and muscles. Meg was surprised he was even able to stand at all, and even more surprised when Cas took the banana from her without objecting. She watched as he ate it, clearly struggling with every single bite, fighting to swallow at all and then fighting to keep the food down. This was good. It was horrible, and painful to watch but it was progress and progress was good. At least that's what she thought.
Neither of his three caretakers knew what to do of his newfound restlessness. They watched him like hawks as he spent the next few days pacing through the halls of the Institute, looking like a ghost haunting the building. After a week of resting, Castiel found himself unable to stop walking once he started. Everyone that wasn't Meg, Charlie or Gabriel avoided him as if he was fatally diseased and highly contagious. In a way he was. Entering a room his presence immediately drained all life from it, all happiness faded and all conversation stopped that one time he decided to enter the cafeteria. He knew starving himself to death was not an option so he had started eating and drinking again. Dean wouldn't have wanted him to die. All eyes were on him as he walked through the room to get his food. The tips of his wings dragged across the floor as they hung behind him, as lifeless as he felt. No words were spoken the entire time he was there, and even after he left people sat in gloomy silence.
“Dean!” Castiel shouted, figuring out Cain's intentions too late. He watched, eyes wide with horror, as Cain's skin made contact with Dean's, who almost immediately slapped Cain's hand away. “What the fuck, man?!” Dean exclaimed, ready to fight Cain further, but the older male only stepped back, looking at him calmly. Dean looked at Castiel as if to ask him what the hell was going on, when suddenly he felt it.
“Doesn’t it get quite lonely here? I mean, I assume that if the people constantly change it is hard to build friendships and stuff.”
Dean left the room and walked into his own, not at all surprised when he found it in a similar state. Apart from the bedsheets and one open box in the corner all of Dean's things had been removed from the room. At first Dean didn't notice the five slender black objects lying on the bed and on the floor. When he did, he bent down to pick one of them up, a cold shiver running down his spine when he realized what the object was. Cas. He thought and turned on his heels, all but running towards Cas' room, feather still in his hand.
“I know. He'll be fine, you'll see.” Castiel smiled and squeezed Dean's shoulder reassuringly. As much as he hated to admit it, there had not been a single time that Metatron was wrong with his predictions, so Castiel did not expect this time to be any different.
“Cas.” Dean says when Cas finally pulls him in, immediately wrapping his strong arms around the now slender figure of his lover. Cas buries his face in the crook of Dean's neck and starts crying tears of joy and relief. He had not expected to ever hear this voice again, to ever be in these arms again. He hugs Dean back almost too tightly, fearing that Dean might leave again if he lets go. Cas hates his tears. He doesn't want Dean to see him like this. He cried so much in these past few weeks and he does not want to cry anymore. Dean is perfect though, holding him close as Castiel sobs, talking to him quietly enough to keep Gabriel from hearing.
“He won't hurt anybody ever again.” Dean said and looked at the body again, dead blue eyes staring back at him.
Dean soon lost count of how many times he had died, how many times he had endured the indescribably painful breakouts. It didn't matter, all he could think of was escaping this hell. With a devastating cry he punched as hard as he could and suddenly the wood cracked. The last, oxygen free breath was punched out of his lungs by the heavy weight that was suddenly on him. His arm was pushed down by the dirt that came crashing down and his shoulder got dislocated. This time, death was a relief that ended both, the pain and the panic that were taking over Dean’s whole conscience in this moment.
“Wait, what?” Sam frowned. “Kevin said I could leave right after I learned control.” Castiel was taken aback by the sudden anger in Sam’s voice. “I am sorry that he misled you, but the same rules apply to everyone. Two weeks minimum.”
Starting out sweet, their kiss became heated quickly as neither man could keep their hands off the other. Dean’s lips parted and Cas took the invitation, sliding his tongue into Dean's mouth. One last step was enough to close the tiny gap between their bodies. Dean placed his foot between Castiel's, never breaking the kiss as he pushed his thigh up against Castiel’s crotch. A small moan slipped from Cas' lips and Dean ran his hands along Castiel's chest, feeling, touching. There were too many layers of clothes separating them. As if reading Dean's thoughts, Castiel's hand dropped from Dean's hair to the hem of his shirt, tugging gently. Dean complied, breaking the kiss to pull off his shirt and instantly Castiel’s hands explored the newly revealed skin.
Sam had not shown any sign of possession or any urge to harm Dean, so Castiel and Dean agreed that it would be safe to let him go to his room. They escorted Sam to his room and decided to split up as Dean wanted to stay with Sam and the couch was only big enough for one of them. Sam made his typical gagging noises when their goodbye kiss lasted just a tad too long and for the first time that day, Dean felt like he might actually have his brother back.
The way she flinched at every movement had Dean aching with guilt and he placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. “Don't worry about this stuff, Meg, I can pick it up for you. You sit down, relax.”
“Dean.” Cas called out, but didn't get any reaction, Dean simply walked into the hospital room and slammed the door in Castiel's face.
Sam sounded genuinely upset as Dean tried to wriggle his way out of his brothers arms. “I’m fine Sammy, you’re gonna have to calm down, it’s freezing in here.” Dean stepped back as Sam finally released him and looked at Sam.
“I have your food prepared. You'll have to put it in the oven for another hour. The pie goes in half an hour later, that way it has time to cool off before you eat it.” Adam said and raised an eyebrow at Cas. “You gonna let me in or what? I need to put this down.” He smiled and raised the food in his hands a little higher to show it to Castiel.
? He mouthed at him and Castiel stood up, looking towards where Gabriel had disappeared into the kitchen. “What do you want, Gabriel?”
to interrupt us.” His accusation was met with silence and Dean shifted from one foot to the other, suddenly feeling like he was intruding. Just then Gabriel stepped back out of the kitchen to look at them. “Now, now, Cassie. You don’t get to accuse me of being a cock-block. My lady demanded food and who am I to deny her anything. It was not my intention to keep you from finally loosing it.”
Dean was still smiling to himself, even as he was already undressed and standing under the hot water of his shower. He could practically feel the tension of the day wash away as his muscles started relaxing. Undressing, he had noticed that everything seemed to smell like sex and Castiel. Now he almost felt sad, washing these good memories away. Then again, he also washed away all the bad memories, of almost dying and passing out twice in the course of one day. He could create new, better memories with Castiel.
Azazel's smug voice echoed through his head and Sam fell to his knees, all the wind suddenly stopping as the shock finally broke the bond between him and Azazel.
“He sedated me and tied me up!” Sam’s accusation was underlined by loud thunder and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle. Of course Sam would have powers that only enforced his dramatic nature. Sam’s head snapped around and he glared at Dean. “It’s is not funny. I was scared for you!”
“Transporter it is then. Who’s Charlie?” Dean asked, not remembering Cas mentioning that name before. “My best friend here. She’s great. She came in about 4 years ago, she’s the head of our tech department. I would try to explain what she does exactly, but I have no idea. Basically she makes sure that we all have Internet and that nobody uses that to send information about the Institute. Anyway, she is very enthusiastic when it comes to her favorite movies.” Castiel explained with a smile, remembering the time Charlie had forced him to watch all the Harry Potter movies in one sitting. She had wanted to do the same with Lord of the Rings, but Castiel had fallen asleep halfway through the second movie. Too much walking.
Castiel stays with Dean, gently washing his face with the washcloth. With every stroke, Dean looks better and better until his face is finally clean, looking utterly peaceful. Cas can't bring himself to wake Dean up so he just stays there, sitting, watching as Dean sleeps for hours.
Dean swallowed hard, looking for something, anything, to say. How could Sam remember what had happened almost ten years ago and never talk about it? Sure, Dean had shut him down every time Sam mentioned their father, but Sam had never told anybody else either, otherwise Dean would have gotten in trouble for murdering someone.
Dean flinched at the sensation of a hand on his shoulder, only to realize it was Castiel, trying to get his attention. “Dean, I need you to focus. He is locked up in here, all alone, only his brother to talk to through the link you just felt. He is bored and will make your visit here a living hell if you let him. You can block him out though, you just need to focus on me.” “Okay, I think I can do that.” Dean said and watched Castiel as he slid the food through two of the slots near the floor. “Now we wait.” Castiel said, but Dean didn’t even hear him, all he could hear was that awful voice inside of his head.
Even after he had learned how to conceal them, Castiel did not want to leave the premises of the Institute, certain he would make a mistake and reveal his mutation to everyone. The knowledge that he would not only endanger himself but also every other Gifted was enough to keep him in the Institute.
Castiel used the bathroom and took a quick shower while Dean got dressed. He stepped back into his room, damp hair and wearing nothing but a towel. After a moment of hesitation he dropped the towel and quickly got dressed, pretending like he couldn’t see Dean staring at him. He opened one of his drawers, smiled triumphantly and presented Dean with a new toothbrush, still wrapped in plastic. “I always keep spare ones around, the store here almost never has them in stock.”
They were just about to open a small slot in the wall to push the food through when Dean heard it. He froze, unable to make out where the voice came from. It seemed to be everywhere, resonating from the walls, but at the same time it came from nowhere at all. A cold shiver ran down his spine and he realized it was only in his head and Castiel probably couldn’t even hear it.
“Sam, this isn't working.” He said and opened his eyes just in time to see Sam had moved away from him and was staring at something above Dean's head. “Sam?” Dean asked, and followed his gaze, just in time to see a single lightning strike, breaking the rock above him. He tried to jump out of the way, but the rock crushed him, and he didn't even feel the pain as his world suddenly ceased to exist.
He spent way too much time in front of the mirror fixing his hair, brushing his teeth and trying to pick a good Cologne to wear before finally deciding that his deodorant would have to suffice. He was only going to watch a movie for God’s sake.
A long silence followed, and Sam started to believe Dean wouldn’t start talking at all, when suddenly: “How much do you remember about dad?” The question surprised Sam, Dean usually avoided talking about their father and not once had he brought him up by himself. “Why?” Sam asked, not knowing where to start. Even though John had died almost ten years ago, Sam would probably never be able to forget how horrible he was when drunk.
Anyway. Let me know what you think. Maybe leave a Kudo. It means the world to me. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter, if you did feel free to leave Kudos or tell me what you think in the comments. I highly appreciate both! :)
“Bullshit.” Dean blurted out, way more heated than he had intended. Castiel flinched at his harsh tone, frowning softly. “It is not my choice, Dean. It is too big of a risk.”
With a lot of support and coaxing from both Charlie and Gabriel they finally managed to move Castiel to his bed where he settled down on top of the covers and immediately wrapped himself up in his own wings.
He quickly lit the candle and made his way to the door, forcing himself not to be too giddy about it. Dean was still late, and he was still annoyed. He couldn't fight the smile that spread across his face as he opened the door wide. “Hello, Dean.” He said before realizing that it was not actually Dean at the door.
“I'm here, Cas. I'm here for you. I love you.” There it is. Those three big words. Cas pulls away from Dean's neck, just enough to look him in the eye. “I love you.” Cas replies and finally, after all this time, Dean smiles at him, warmth and love overshadowing the pain in his gaze as he lowers his head, kissing Castiel sweetly. Finally, with this one kiss, Castiel feels like he could stop crying. He takes Dean's face in his hands and kisses him again, smiling through the kiss as Dean pulls his body closer. Cas can taste the dirt and even the blood on Dean's lips, but still this is everything he could have wished for and more. Dean is back, and everything is okay again.
Gabriel, using Cas' full name. Castiel sat up, his wings disappearing in an instant. Something bad must have happened. He placed a final kiss on Dean's pouting lips and stood up, wrapping the blankets around his waist as he walked to the door.
“You should come visit me sometime, we can go together.” Dean said before he could think about it and Castiel smiled a sad smile as he shook his head. “You know I can't leave here, Dean.”
Neither of them said a word as they looked around the room, looking even sadder than before as they took in the dinner that Cas had prepared.
“Dean!” Cas exclaims, trying to help him up but not getting much help from Dean. “Dean, what's going on?” He says, panicked he might loose him again so soon. He only just got him back, and so he holds Dean's body up, even as he passes out, falling against Castiel.
Startled, Castiel flinched and scrambled to sit up, pushing Dean off of him and onto the floor in the process. “Dean.” Gabriel added with a casual nod towards Dean and proceeded walking across the room. “Please. Don’t stop on my count.” Dean sat up and looked at Castiel confused, rubbing his head where he bumped it on the floor.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. There is now one, maybe two chapters left, then this will finally be done. I already said it in last chapter's comments, but no matter how much you hate to see our boys suffering (and I know you do, I do too), please don't stop reading, the next chapter is the first chapter I ever wrote and the only reason this did even exists.
“You don't have to worry about that, Charlie. I would never do anything to hurt Castiel.” He said, meaning every word.
Next was heat. This one was a bit trickier to demonstrate since it was not visible. Castiel sat up, moving away from Dean a little bit in the process. He gathered heat in the palm of his hand, explaining what he was doing. “How hot does it get?” Dean asked, looking at Castiel's hand skeptically.
Dean shook his head in response and she sighed softly. “Too bad. I would have loved to be the first to see it. You're really special, you know. Never before has anyone developed three gifts. It's quite fitting actually.” She added with a smile, eyes flicking past Dean, looking at Cas who came towards them, up the long corridor.
“Cassie!” Gabriel exclaimed as soon as he spotted the two men coming. Castiel rolled his eyes at the stupid nickname and pulled out a chair to sit down. “Guys, this is Dean.” He said after they both sat down next to each other. Dean awkwardly put the flannel that was a little crusty by now under his chair, hoping the other two wouldn’t question it. “Dean, this is my brother Gabriel and his girlfriend Meg. She works in the hospital wing.” Castiel continued explaining, not noticing that Dean wasn’t even looking at the people in front of him yet.
Dean’s hands lingered on Castiel’s wings. The sensation was less overwhelming now, merely a soft tingling, and only adding to the post-orgasmic bliss both of them were experiencing. Eventually he dropped his hands to his sides and they simply stood like that: both men breathing hard, Dean’s head resting on Castiel’s shoulder, Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean. The only thing holding then upright was each other, legs ready to give in after the intense pleasure they just experienced.
