“Completely wrong,” snarled Sherlock, temper rising past the point of control. “But thanks for reminding me that you don’t actually know me at all.”
And I WILL be finishing this story, so please don’t worry about this story getting abandoned 6 chapters from the end XD I’m just slow sometimes
“Oh, dear, did I scare you? Did—hang on, maybe the mic is on too loud. Maybe – maybe I should…” The voice dropped to a whisper. “Maybe I should talk like this. Is that better?”
Lestrade raised his eyebrows. “No offense, but this has to take priority. We’re lucky the building that blew up was empty, but there’s an entire street of people that need to be secured and reassured.”
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his mouth, thinking. “If so, it doesn’t give us much to go on.”
“Sending out messages to some of my Homeless Network,” said Sherlock, when John asked some time later. “I make sure some have disposable phones so I can get in contact when I need to on short notice. They’re always happy when I do. The ones that have the time to spare to help me out always get something out of it as my way of saying thanks.”
"I'm not messing around, Sherlock. You were in there for a damn long time. You better have some fascinating reason for it, because right now, I'm about a hundred types of unsettled."
Sherlock looked at him sharply, eyes blazing. “I brought you back. I let you get involved. I am responsible for you.”
Reading, commenting, and kudos-ing (?) and anything else are hugely appreciated -- it tells me I should keep going! XD
At this very moment in London, the Detective was sitting in his flat scowling at his mobile, which had chosen this moment halfway through his experiment on post-mortem blood coagulation to ring.
Lestrade stopped dead, and looked around. “What? What’s—“ But then he saw it too, and he frowned deeply. “What the…?”
“Good, yeah, fine,” said John with a nod. He paused, and cleared his throat. “Good,” he said again, before plodding his way upstairs. Sherlock heard the bedroom door close behind him with a gentle click.
John’s eyebrows raised. “Your fingers are pressing against the screen so hard that I’ve been waiting for the phone to crack. And you’re frowning.”
Sherlock leaned forward with the punch, reaching over his head to grab the arm the fist was attached to and haul his attacker over his shoulder. Sherlock was lean, and tall, but he was all muscle. He might not be able to out-hit an opponent, but he could outmaneuver them. The only question was if he could outmaneuver all of them fast enough to get away.
Sherlock caught the trainer and held it up. “It was a kid. And he clearly loved these. You’re right that he was meticulous in caring for them. You can see they’ve been cleaned, and re-laced, several times. Three—no, four times. But you can see traces of flaky skin from his fingers on the new laces and around the inner edge, so he suffered from eczema. Shoes are British-made. Twenty years old.”
“I know.” John buried his hands in his pockets and offered a half-hearted shrug. “I’ll try to talk him around. You and Mycroft do what you need to do, and I’ll make sure Sherlock cooperates on this end.”
None of his attackers had guns drawn. He could see a small caliber handgun in the belt of one, and a knife strapped to the thigh of one of the others. But the gun was away, so clearly they didn’t just want him dead. The woman had held a glass needle and potentially had more. So, their aim was to leave Sherlock alive but subdued and unable to discern where they were going. The three men who had joined the older woman were all younger, as well as strong, muscled, and skilled. At least two were trained in some kind of hand-to-hand combat. No obvious marks of a gang on their faces or hands. Little talking. But certainly all a team—were they partners? Not mercenaries. Smugglers? All Chinese. The woman was not related to any of them. The one Sherlock was currently in the process of tripping had a drinking problem that he was attempting to conceal from the woman. The other two were competing. This was a competition, as well as an assignment.
Sherlock got out his laptop and started to type at the table. John glanced up from his medical book to watch Sherlock. Sherlock opened his blog and began to type furiously, occasionally mumbling or glancing John’s way as if considering him like a particularly interesting mold growth. John got up and stumbled around the flat, making himself a cup of tea. He paused frequently to glance at Sherlock, who continued typing like a madman at the table for almost an hour.
for the mind to see it. When you’re looking for something out of the ordinary, subtle disturbances make all the difference. Too much, and it wouldn’t be personal. If Moriarty wants to get in touch, he’ll do so in a way that says his message is for me, and me alone.”
“And yet,” continued Mycroft, “I’ve found you are quite difficult to identify. In fact, as far as I can tell, you don’t exist.”
. John lurched upright with a yell, eyes still half shut as he flailed around to look first at the pillow that had collided with him (now on the floor) and then at Sherlock. “What the FUCK—“
Mycroft, John, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson froze just long enough to look at one another with wide-eyed and panicked expressions before they all rushed upstairs.
“Look,” he said. “I’m cleaning up your mess here. I’m not going to argue with you.” Lestrade glanced at the stairs. “Does he seriously want me to sneak him back to the morgue so he can talk to the cab driver? Because that’s ridiculous.”
Mycroft exhaled a final lungful of smoke before dropping his cigarette on the sidewalk. He ground it out with his heel. “He cares about you quite a bit, you know.”
“The boredom is suffocating,” said Sherlock wretchedly. The mere concept of waiting, even for just half a day until his Network fulfilled its promise of information. Children looking into a room of untouchable sweets and forbidden toys did not suffer like this.
Because there had been something unbearably lonely, but also unbelievably comforting, in the knowledge that he was the only exception to the universe’s rules about the permanence of death.
“You were dead. Now you aren’t,” said Sherlock flatly. He would need a more detailed question. Because he wasn’t entirely sure where or how to begin himself.
“You started young, didn’t you?” John leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. “So why would it seem important to you?”
“Honestly? I have no idea,” Sherlock confessed. That was the real stress of the whole operation. They were hoping to catch someone they wouldn’t be able to recognize. Was it really possible to watch for the sniper when the entire point of this was to find out who the sniper was?
John jumped at the abrupt voice, even though he’d been waiting for it and expecting it for a small eternity. He straightened, adrenaline picking up where it had left off and soaring to new heights. He glanced anxiously at the door.
“Maybe. Maybe not,” said Moriarty carelessly. “I could have done what you’ve done. I could have fed him any story or any promise to buy his cooperation. He might be attached to you like a good little dog, as the great savior who brought him back to life after his untimely death, but it’s all a matter of perception. All a matter of perspective. Don’t act so noble when you brought him back to life purely so you could get whatever information you wanted. I’m sure that’s why you brought him back, isn’t it? For sixty seconds of questions. I’d be shocked if it was for his personal benefit. I’m sure he shared his story with you once you brought him back, no questions asked. People do that when they’re dead. He could just as easily have been sharing his story with me, had our timing been a little different.”
a regular occurrence. That John was a singularity. That John was, somehow, for some reason, the exception to the Rules.
“Right. Of course,” said John, hoping that meant it wouldn’t be just him and Sherlock against however many people Moriarty had still within his web. “Thanks for coming by to fill us in,” John added.
John got quickly to his feet and scanned the shattered windows and what he could see of the street beyond before he crossed quickly to the front door of the flat. He moved purposefully, in a way that meant he was braced to take cover if there was another blast. He grabbed Sherlock’s scarf from where it hung on a peg next to his coat, and returned to the windows. He crouched, offering the scarf to Sherlock.
His parents had sent him off to boarding school where he was out of the way and theoretically content, and Sherlock had never again permitted himself any sort of emotional attachment to anyone. He lost any sort of semblance of patience with people of average- to less-than-average intelligence; he was single-minded to a fault. Extraneous detail was hardly worth his time.
“Yeah,” said John. There was a long pause as both men turned and watched Lestrade, who finished telling Amberley his rights and prepared to take him out to the car.
“You really are terrible,” said Sherlock. He looked his brother up and down, compensating for the concerned gesture with a dispassionate, “You
Soo Lin sat up a little. “I mean it. Thank you both, for everything. I would not be here now if you had not agreed to help me.”
Moriarty already had it. Moriarty and his puzzles and his empire had been more or less the sole focus of Sherlock’s concentration for days—for
“I just… I know he’s not telling me everything,” said John. “And I don’t expect him to. He’s always kept things close to his chest, especially with Moriarty. I know he’s reluctant to get me involved, considering my… history, I guess, with Moriarty’s operation. But I need him to tell me the important things. I can’t help him—or help keep him safe—if he won’t talk to me.”
those things. Sherlock knew better than anyone the secrets that could hide on a dead body. A thumb could identify an airline pilot. A tattoo could reveal a secret life. A wound could expose a killer.
He was almost – disappointed. About this. Sure, the woman had ordered him kidnapped and then killed only a few days ago, but he was certain—
“Don’t tell him that I know?” asked Molly. “I want him to tell me himself. If and when he wants to. Even if that never happens.”
Lestrade nodded gravely. “Yeah. But try telling him that. You’ve seen how well he listens.” He patted John bracingly on the shoulder, and collected himself to depart as well. “Hang in there. And don’t worry too much. Sherlock’s reckless, but he’s good at what he does. The best.”
This was why he never told anyone the Rules governing his Gift. Because it was impossible for people to understand, and it was impossible to explain or justify any action that was so outside the realm of acceptable possibility.
“Well, I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to properly apologize to Hope about the whole me-being alive, him-being-dead thing,” started John. “But it’s hard to be all that sorry when it turns out the man was a serial killer.”
“Just—“ John held up his hands to stop Sherlock from continuing. He ran his fingers through his short blonde hair distractedly. “When you say immortal, you do mean immortal as in I won’t die. You’re seriously telling me I’m that kind of immortal. You can’t seriously be—“
Sherlock balked, shaking his head. “We don’t even know if we share this Gift like that!” he protested, voice edged with panic. “There’s no way to know if that would even work. The people you bring back might only be made dead again by you. My Gift might not have any effect on yours.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and turned his attention to the envelope. Sure enough, his name was on the front. Or rather, “GET SHERLOCK” was printed on the front, with a little smiley face. “You didn’t open it?” he said, turning it over a few times in hand.
After a while, he heard the distant opening and closing of the front door below, and Mrs. Hudson’s cheery voice from the sidewalk. She’d be gone all afternoon, most likely, visiting the flirtatious (and/or adulterous) Chatterjee next door at Speedy’s.
“Can you what?” Mycroft spluttered, in a tone of voice that one might have expected if Sherlock had asked to borrow one of his legs.
John frowned. “That doesn’t sound like much of a lead. The significance of the shoes from the last message was pretty apparent, since it was linked to a murder. This… not so much, even if the dish
?” he demanded. He shifted one side of the coat to look at the bomb strapped to John’s chest, before he suddenly jerked his hand back, as if the fabric had burned him.
“You’d share that dangerous of a secret just to possess my attention,” said Sherlock, and he almost admired the insanity of it.
Mrs. Hudson, at this exact moment aged seventy-one years, one month, two weeks, three days, fifteen hours, and nineteen minutes, had been Sherlock’s landlady at 221B Baker Street for only the last three weeks.
“Do not cross us, Mr. Holmes,” said Shan unkindly, her voice gaining a cautionary sharpness. “You are here, alone, with no hope of rescue. You might be the famous Detective, but you are out of luck.”
“I know Moran had help. Where he got it from is still to be determined,” said Mycroft coolly. “I acknowledge a failing in my security. But I will refrain from unnecessary speculation until I am in possession of more facts.”
“So you and John and I will simply go our separate ways until you decide you need me,” said Sherlock. “Or need me dead.”
Sherlock was looking at him with an expression on his face that John had never seen him make before. It was the kind of expression John associated with Afghanistan, the sort of look you might see on a person’s face in the moment that person realized everything was about to go wrong. A look that said they knew they had seconds to make a choice, and if they made the wrong one, people would die. It was a panicked desperation, but also some kind of resolve, and to John, it felt like something in the air had snapped the moment he turned around.
For a second, he thought his foot might have just fallen through the floor, because suddenly he was pitching forward. The sight of John instinctively moving forward to catch him was the only impetus capable of making him catch his footing, and he half-fell back away from John and snapped, “Stop, you can’t touch me, you idiot!”
The elevator opened, and they walked into a brightly-lit hallway. They turned one way, and proceeded along the corridor, stopping intermittently to pass through sets of doors (some with guards standing on either side) that all opened with the aid of Mycroft’s ID.
“Did you kill me?” said Hope, suddenly looking just as shocked as everyone else, and he sat up a little to get a better look at Sherlock. “I just assumed it was the aneurism.”
“And yet.” Shan paced a few steps closer. She was a small woman, but Sherlock could see hard lines in her face and a strength to her hands that said she had seen hard times. Long, hard, painful times. Maybe Moriarty had bought her allegiance, and thus the allegiance of her people, with escape from that hard life.
Sherlock, one temple pressed against the window, took a deep breath. His bones seemed to have filled with hardening cement, as the idea of moving was becoming more and more preposterous by the second.
An intracranial aneurism certainly wouldn’t be operable. Sherlock’s understanding of medical science only extended as far as practicality for the sake of cases dictated, but even he knew the chance of successfully removing such an aneurism was essentially nonexistent. It could be asymptomatic. It may or may not be in the cabbie’s records. Really, it could happen to anyone.
John leapt to his feet, following Sherlock into the kitchen. “Well? What is it? Is it the message from Moriarty?”
Sixty seconds after the dead bird got up and flew away, a second bird dropped out of the sky. A dove, at his feet.
“I have reason to believe there are currently some outstanding security risks at 221B Baker Street,” continued Mycroft. “To which you are party.”
“At this hour? Bit late for him. No, that was a client ring. Someone who needs something. Pressure and brevity hints at urgency and unease. But it’s as odd an hour for clients. And Mycroft or Lestrade would have texted if they were planning to stop in. You don’t think…?” Sherlock got up and paced to the window, looking out to try to catch a glimpse of whoever was at the front steps. It wasn’t as if he expected Moriarty or the sniper to be on their doorstep—or ringing the bell, for that matter—but something about an unexpected visitor at this time of day just didn’t sit right.
The phrasing of some of Moran’s parting words — all that dramatic rambling about “cauterizing [Sherlock’s] life”, etc. — are blatantly inspired by the show
Sherlock slowly sat down on the floor, sinking down as he sank deeply into the depths of his mind, the transition like plunging into a pool and watching the physical world become more and more distant as he submerged.
I can do about that.” He took a deep breath, and continued, “I’m not… prepared. I have no way to handle this kind of threat. I don’t have the means to shield you from someone with the same abilities as mine. I don’t have a plan.”
"Mm," said Sherlock, disinterested. While he was fond of experimenting and understanding the fine mechanics of anatomy, as it was undeniably invaluable to his work as a consulting detective, he didn't much care for examining the living. An odd but true contradiction. And Watson was certainly alive at this moment; therefore, not an experiment. "Bit ironic. You likely needn't have died at all, had you been even thirty seconds later to arrive. Or if the man hadn't tried to talk to you."
"The morgue of St. Bart's in London," said Sherlock. He was never one for sugarcoating things. He had never seen the point in tiptoeing around sensitive subjects, instead preferring to walk straight up to them and punch them in the face.
When a body vanishes, the last thing people would think is that it got up and walked out. And Sherlock intended to keep it that way.
what we really need is Mrs Hudson to whack everyone upside the head and tell them how silly they're all being
Sherlock returned to 221B some time later, with a few bags of groceries in each hand to find John waist-deep in old case files dug out of the closet, a slice of cake from the bakery next door balanced precariously on top of the stack of files.
Lestrade looked on the verge of having a tantrum, and Sherlock was significantly more optimistic that he’d distracted Lestrade enough to be in the clear.
was Limbo. The in-between, endless expanse of nothing that existed just to punish people for not knowing something.
somewhere in an outrageously expensive mahogany paneled office in a ritzy club for unsociable assholes, Mycroft is
John quickly finished setting things up on the sofa and paused. “I’m just going to lie down for a second, do you mind? I’ll make tea in five,” he asked, turning back to Sherlock.
“Sherlock, didn’t you hear the bell?” Mrs. Hudson demanded, watching the two men throwing things across the room. “The police are here—you’ve got another one. Really, the two of you, you’re acting like children instead of fully grown men. I’m not cleaning this for you, I’m really not.”
, Sherlock! Preferably before we go charging into your flat, since the location and security are now quite clearly compromised—”
“About all of this,” said Sherlock. “About the documents for John. About being involved. About… helping. It’s not as if it doesn’t have risks. And you’re the one who always said caring isn’t an advantage.”
“It’s almost stupid how determined he is to see the good in any situation. He’s just courting disappointment.”
John scowled deeply and flashed Sherlock an exasperated look. “Tell me you’re joking. You’re not seriously expecting me to sit around here, for days, doing nothing,
Sherlock glanced at the letter. “I suppose it’s a little unusual as far as greetings go, under the circumstances.”
John made a mental note to sort through the contents of the kitchen and bathroom cabinets. “Okay, well… Any chance we could find Moriarty prowling around the building on one of the security cameras?”
Sherlock's face was suddenly hovering over Watson's, careful not to touch, with a sharp, studying edge. Watson blinked and unconsciously shrank back, as Sherlock snapped, "How still can you be?"
But most of all, and most importantly, Sherlock vowed to observe, not just see, everything in those places where others could not, and to never be one of the idiots who never saw what was right in front of them.
Watson shook his head apologetically. "Tell them it was "mm", and that was that," he said. "Sounded like the start of a name, like the letter M, but then - well, you know what happened. I guess I died."
They had their tea in the kitchen, chatting quietly about this and that—namely Mrs. Hudson’s hip and her methodology behind her wallpaper selection in the downstairs hallway—until Mrs. Hudson finally exhausted the topic, and collected her mugs to return downstairs.
“Just trust me,” said Sherlock, opening his laptop. “I’m already taking your advice about letting people assist me. I let Mycroft and my Network fill me in, I reached out to Kitty, I’m involving Lestrade.”
Kitty had told him the camera would be in a (locked) desk drawer in Gruner’s (locked) office, but the task of gaining access to a few locked rooms and drawers wasn’t beyond Sherlock’s capabilities. No, it would just be a matter of distracting Gruner when the time was right. A knock at the door from police might do the trick… it would just take one well-timed text to instill a little distracting chaos.
“No, you’re doing what you always do, and lie and make up stories and isolate yourself so you can keep your secrets without having to acknowledge there are consequences,” said Mycroft.
“Really, Sherlock, after all the trouble I took locating you, the least you could do is try to be civil.”
Sherlock and Mycroft both looked up to see John approaching, watching them both. John tried a sort of apologetic smile. “I don’t mean to interrupt,” he said, and Sherlock could see instantly from the way his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes that this wasn’t necessarily true. “But I don’t think he should be standing just yet.”
However, John Watson, at thirty-six years, three months, fifteen days, and ten minutes, had had no idea he would only live for another sixty seconds when he first arrived on the scene.
The rest of that day, and the entirety of the next, held to that pattern of watch schedules. John spent both mornings in the little café across the street from the antiquities museum’s rear exit, watching employees and service workers bustle in and out. The second morning, he spotted Soo Lin as she came in to work, but she hurried inside and did not reappear. But on both days, at precisely noon, John finished his tea and made his way back to Baker Street.
John just managed to resist the urge to groan in frustration, but only just. Sherlock could read his thoughts clearly across his face, and they were almost funny.
John lay back down, looking up at the ceiling overhead, and immediately decided to go back to sleep and deal with all of this in a couple hours.
“Look.” Sherlock leaned forward slightly. “If Moriarty has sent me an invitation to chat, I’m going to accept it. I want answers. I
“Ah, yes!” said John loudly. Was this the landlady or something? He could swear Sherlock had mentioned something to that effect last night or this morning… He grabbed his shirt off the doorknob and clumsily tugged it on with one hand as he shouted, “So sorry, give me just a minute, I’ll be down!”
Sherlock's eyes were drawn down to look at the phone timer in his hand, the entire weight of gravity suddenly crashing down on his spine with as much acceleration as could be gained.
This was new, distinctly painful, and a very close call. Had there been skin contact, Watson would be dead and Sherlock would be out one potentially interesting case.
He hadn’t been sure how he was going to feel or what he was going to want to say when he saw Mycroft, but now all he felt was a bubbling outrage deep in the pit of his stomach.
“Better than bed rest,” said Sherlock in grumbling agreement, though he’s almost—almost—tempted to smile at John’s optimism. “And the ankle?”
“Hang on. Are you seriously saying the only way to tell it’s something to do with Moriarty is that it’s otherwise unsolvable?” said John, looking at Sherlock with enough skepticism to deter even Sherlock’s excitement.
“I would strongly encourage you to go back through whatever unsolved cases you may have lying around,” said Sherlock. “See if there are any others were the cause of death was a .388 Magnum.”
“Why not? It’s so you. You make everyone around you feel inadequate and then you swoop in and solve everything like the god of deductions. No one can compete with the godly Sherlock Holmes! I am a mere mortal in the presence of the sainted Sherlock Holmes!”
"Oh," said Watson, comprehension dawning on his face. "That's why you said not to touch you before."
When I was planning this part of the story, I had a specific goal in mind regarding these cases, and this chapter goes into a little more detail as to what I intended and why I would use Carl Powers to start us off. The whole point of the puzzles from Moriarty is for him to subtly intimate important personal details to Sherlock -- in this case, it's all about how long Moriarty has been doing this criminal mastermind thing, perfecting his skills, building his empire... It just so happens Sherlock's been doing it for the same amount of time. How perfect.
“But—I don’t understand,” said John. “There’s no reason to want to collect my body, at least for anyone other than you. I didn’t know anything. I wasn’t part of anything. Right?”
Mrs. Hudson came and went. John pretended all was well, and that there wasn’t a deep and gnawing unease growing in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock waved the cautions away with an airy wave of a hand as he left. “See you later.” He paused halfway out the door. “Oh. Can I borrow your gun?”
Sherlock stepped to one side, largely blocking John and the ambulance from view. “I don’t need you,” he said flatly. “You should know that by now. I can’t stop Lestrade from calling you on my behalf, but don’t expect me to be dutifully thankful.”
Maybe he was a danger to Sherlock. Maybe being around him—when he ought to be hiding, when he ought to be dead—did put Sherlock at risk. But… surely, he should be with Sherlock, until they reached the end of the case. Because friends protect people, and John knew he could at least try to do that much.
“That’s all very cavalier now,” said Sherlock. “But I don’t think you understand how much danger this really is.”
“And it couldn’t bloody wait until I got up?!” demanded John, fury clearly the only thing keeping him from crumpling back into bed.
As if on cue, little red lights appeared from nowhere, half a dozen winking into existence on his chest. Sniper dots.
Perhaps, Sherlock would try to rationalize, it was John’s military training that gave him the amount of daring necessary to talk to Lestrade. Maybe it was his respect for people of rank and authority and in the business of serving as the defenders of the general public. Maybe he’d suffered hitherto undiscovered brain damage.
“It really wasn’t him, Mrs. Hudson,” said John, deciding that it was absolutely better not to tell her who
Sherlock trudged aimlessly in the direction of Bart’s. He didn’t want to go back to the flat just yet. He needed something more. He didn’t want to yet admit defeat, and surrender to the human need for sleep, or food, or socialization, or rest. He wanted answers. He wanted to keep going at full speed.
Without another word, Soo Lin stepped out onto the sidewalk and, bundling her coat around her, hurried down the street until she melted into the night. Within a few minutes, she was out of sight.
“Well,” said Sherlock, not sure if John was being satirical or not. He drained his cup of tea in one to save himself the trouble of having to figure out the answer. His mind drifted back to Moriarty.
“Neither did I,” said John in a steady voice. The practiced military control he’d developed in years of combat had slipped back into his mind. Everything was in higher focus—slower. This, John realized, was probably as close to feeling like Sherlock Holmes as he would ever come. The brief few seconds where nerves became like steel and the world developed a razor-sharp clarity; no matter how crazy the world around him was, in the couple of seconds it took for him to act, all of the necessary motions became clear. He had no doubt. No fear. No insecurity.
John’s left shoulder seemed to be in pain. Sherlock frowned, eyes narrowing. It most likely wasn’t the injury. Sherlock had extensively studied the aftereffects of his Gift on those he touched in the past. Even as a boy, Young Sherlock had taken those effects very seriously, and committed everything to memory. He knew, therefore, from years of examination, that the fatal injury should not hurt. The reasoning behind this wasn’t solid, but he suspected that it was somehow essential to sustaining the life of the person he’d brought back. So, then, if the pain was not physical, it may be psychosomatic? Or were there lasting effects from leaving a person alive more than a minute that Sherlock didn’t know about?
John seemed to know along what lines Sherlock was thinking. “Timer,” he said shortly. “Don’t be reckless.”
Sherlock slowed, breathing heavily even though he’d only gone a short distance, and finally stopped in the middle of the street.
The image of the man he and John had passed in the hall on their way to find Mycroft just after the explosion—face-down and unmoving on the floor—flashed through Sherlock’s mind. “I can ask him,” said Sherlock, though the prospect made him inexplicably uneasy.
Next week's chapter might be late (I'm without a computer for three days -- GAH -- so I make no promises), but I'll do my best to make up for it. TT^TT
John sat a little straighter in the seat, his hands lightly clenched into fists in his lap. He’d never felt so defensive in his entire life. Everything Sherlock had told him about his brother flashed through his mind.
“Connie Prince,” said Mrs. Hudson. “Oh, I just love her. She really knows how to do your colors. Why, I was just telling John—“
along with the pen out of John’s notebook, and hurried out of the flat and down to the street. He hailed a cab, and twenty minutes later he was clambering out to stand in front of the little café behind the antiquities museum.
get the end of the chapter to work the way I wanted it to. I'm still not quite satisfied. You know how I like my cliffhangers all nice and neat and suspenseful.
“What in the—“said Lestrade, but stopped short at the sight of Sherlock dressed in a jumper hiding behind a chair while John, clad in his bathrobe and buried in files, brandished the other sock in his hand.
The rooms were quaint and dimly lit, with a collection of mismatched furniture and knickknacks scattered about. A beautiful and painstakingly well-kept Stradivarius sat on a stand in the corner, surrounded by sheet music and pencil nubs. Papers and books lay strewn about on almost every available surface. A human skull sat on the mantelpiece, surveying it all.
At the sound of the door opening across the shimmering cerulean of the pool, Sherlock locked his gaze on the far wall, narrowing his eyes. He watched, and waited.
Sherlock, for all the world, looked like he felt eight years old again. He looked frightened in that way children are when they hope against hope that everything is going to be all right, that the cynicism and cruelty of the adult world will pass them by for just a little longer.
Kitty gaped, and Sherlock continued, “I’ll be in touch. Your information might be enough for me to bring Gruner to justice. I make no promises, of course, but I hope that the next time we speak, I’ll be able to let you know he’s been formally charged.”
Molly nodded. “Sure, I can get things for you if you need,” she said, predictably, for which Sherlock was grateful. “What’s the name?”
“That’s about to change,” said Lestrade firmly, and Kitty sat up a little straighter, once again looking more determined.
“I’m going to be honest,” said John, looking at the trainers with a great deal more skepticism than Sherlock, “this wasn’t what I was expecting Moriarty’s message to be.”
"... That's." Sherlock wasn't sure what that was. He blinked, looking at the pages. Even with the writing upside down, he could make out John’s handwriting. A tight scrawl, not unlike the stereotypical doctor’s scribble, but with a more intelligible slant and spacing to it indicating an attention to legibility. An emphasis on the letter J; sharp and slanted. Leaning letters for a left-handed writer. Highly legible capital letters compared to lowercase letters, suggesting possible use of capitals for important memos and standard capitals-lowercase for more informal or personal writings. A signature no larger than the rest of the words, indicating neither pride nor low self-esteem. A slight flourish to the W. No dots over the i.
“Yes, and I doubt many of them move into apartments on Baker Street,” said Mycroft. “Bit outside your pay grade, I think, particularly if your pay is nothing.”
He was sitting with his back against the tiled wall of a locker room. The room was completely unfamiliar, but even so it only took a few seconds to take stock of his surroundings. To his left were a few rows of small metal lockers, empty and padlocked, with benches set into the floor. To his right stood a number of cubicle showers. Beyond the showers, visible through translucent panes set into a set of double doors, was pale blue light playing on the glass. Water. That and the chlorine meant they had to be at some kind of swimming pool.
“The sniper does not know you are hunting him,” Soo Lin persisted. She swallowed, eyelids fluttering, and went on, “He is not aware of what I have done.”
"Of course," said Molly, recovering from her giggles and offering Sherlock a shy smile. Sherlock was entirely oblivious to it, his mind on other things and other people. Other people who had been dead less than ten minutes previously, specifically. "I'll, um, right - I'll work on getting you that paperwork you wanted, Greg."
—“ The policeman gestured sharply in John’s direction, and John shifted uneasily “—a secret from me.”
“I know,” said John. He hesitated, and then said, voicing something that had been on his mind for a while, “To be honest, I’m sort of shocked that Moriarty didn’t hide or destroy her body before the police got there. Or steal it, like he tried to do with mine.”
“Stay here and out of sight,” confirmed Sherlock. Out of sight and out of mind, ideally. Out of Lestrade’s mind in particular, the great, blundering, stupid,
Sherlock gestured desperately around the room. “This? ‘This’ meaning living in hiding in a flat with a sociopath who might inadvertently kill you with a single, passing, careless movement, all the while knowing that there is a psychopath toying with killing you. With everyone and everything you had before replaced by
“This doesn’t make any sense!” John howled, running a hand through his short sandy hair. He had returned to 221B Baker Street to find Sherlock reading one of John’s own medical papers. John had told Sherlock everything of importance that he’d seen while at the Haven, and since then had spent a long time trying, without success, to find something conclusive. Sherlock was irritatingly unhelpful.
They passed through the checkpoint nearest to Moran’s cell, and found a small crowd of people around the surveillance room. One man lay prone and still on the ground. In the middle of the group, on his feet and leaning heavily against the wall, was Mycroft.
“You can work this to your advantage,” said John. “Instead of automatically assuming every involved person is just a liability, find a way to maximize your reach.
His stony indifference effectively accomplished two goals, which were that he successfully dissuaded the cabbie from trying to strike up some kind of conversation, and that he could focus on other things and forget, for the time being, that he was in a cab.
Soo Lin looked from Sherlock to John, who shrugged. “He’s good at getting into places he shouldn’t,” John sighed, in a rather weary tone of voice.
John ducked his head and kept his face angled down at the magazine he’d grabbed. He strained to hear, listening so intently that it was several seconds before he noticed that the magazine he was pretending to read was open upside-down. He quickly flipped it the right way.
Lestrade swallowed his mouthful and tried again. “Do you think that there’s a chance Mycroft was wrong? That Moriarty isn’t going to get in contact?”
“Let’s not get into that right now,” said Sherlock, with a wave of his hand. “The important thing is, you’re on his radar. I’d like to get you off of it. I’m just not entirely sure how to sufficiently distract him with things more worthy of his attention. His favourite pastime is wheedling his way into my personal affairs.”
“I’m too tired for this,” mumbled John. “Fuck off. And I swear to God, if you chuck another pillow at my head, I’m going to—“
“So we can find our sniper if we can determine where he would have to set up to get a shot at Gruner,” Sherlock said, adrenaline making his thoughts race ahead. “A place within the reasonable radius of Gruner’s house, looking inward into an area of the house where Gruner is likely to spend a lot of time.” He only needed a second for deductions to race forward again. In his mind, a floorplan of Gruner’s house—easily conjured, from his trip into the house fifteen days earlier—materialized, and then around it formed a map of the surrounding streets and alleyways. He needed almost no time at all to locate the area with the greatest vulnerability and greatest access. “Gruner’s study. His office with his collection of ceramics. There’s a large window at his back on either side of his desk, and the entire room is filled with glass cabinets. Nothing obstructing his view and there’s almost a guarantee that Gruner will be in there on a regular basis throughout the day.”
Alone, thought Sherlock, was protecting. Alone meant safety. Reason. Logic. Caution. Alone meant intelligent decisions and objective deduction and staying far away from morgues where a cabbie was lying dead. Where the first human Sherlock had accidentally made die was now lying.
“Ah.” Sherlock adjusted his grip on the gun to hold it steady with both hands. “So you intend to threaten me.”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be laughing,” said John, bringing himself back under control. “Just—did you seriously write that in a way that was trying to account for how stupid you think Lestrade and I are?”
The car pulled into a side street, and Lestrade rolled to a halt, parking the car and switching off the engine. He and Sherlock clambered out and glanced around, but the street was quiet, as usual, and they strode towards their destination—a building recently gutted for renovations, empty for weeks first due to delays with funding and now due to the fact that Shan of the Black Lotus Tong had been shot in the head in the foyer.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “As usual, Sherlock, you deny there being a problem, and I have to get you out of trouble when you’re in over your head, which you
A thousand apologies for the delay getting this chapter posted, as for a week I was entrenched in research, and the week before that I was organizing a research exhibition for my geology department, and before that I was doing research in the Bahamas on an island without a phone, computer, or access to wifi… but I did have a lot of fun and get very sunburned and I was chased across a coral reef by a barracuda so there’s that
“He might remember me,” he said. He had no idea why he felt compelled to say it. Perhaps as reason not to? Though it was not an persuasive reason at all.
Sherlock shrugged carelessly. “Look, I just think whenever Moriarty decides it’s time to kill me, he’ll find a more original way to do it than just deploying his sniper like for everyone else.”
“And,” continued Sherlock, sensing John was thinking something along those lines, “we know Moriarty has an easy enough time coordinating his people and organizing international efforts, if he’s able to get his sniper out to the middle of nowhere in Afghanistan and then recall him to London a matter of weeks later. So the sniper isn’t tied to anyone or anything else that requires much attention, not if they’re so mobile.”
“Oh, I don’t think there exists a more plausible explanation than that. I have to admit, your explanation is a lot better than what
At this time in his young life, Young Sherlock had never been in close proximity to a dead thing before. But because he was young, exceptionally curious, and extremely bored, Young Sherlock was not fazed by it. Just interested, and a little sad. But, Young Sherlock reasoned, he should honour the little thing by learning as much as he could about it, and then using said knowledge to prevent a similar incident from occurring ever again. As he stood there, looking at the bird’s body, he was already trying to determine the best way to alert birds to the presence of the pane in his window (in a way that would conceal the large crack in the glass from his father as well, as it would undoubtedly become a 'big deal').
“Don’t be dramatic,” Mycroft replied. “If you were trying to be more impartial, you might have suggested it yourself already.”
(The conversation had consisted largely of Sherlock objecting loudly every time John demanded that Sherlock have some kind of backup, and it had ended when Lestrade arrived at the flat bright and early the day after Mycroft’s visit and John admitted that he’d called the policeman to keep an eye on Sherlock long before the debate had even begun.)
He kicked the door. Then he shoved at it. Then he pushed against it, hard, leaning into it with his right shoulder. But between his tired arms and legs, still heavy from the drug that had been used to knock him out, and the stifling, bulky coat he was wearing, he barely managed to shake the door in its frame.
“Just you,” said Sherlock, breaking his own rule about avoiding repetitious conversation at all costs in his determination to establish this was
He hadn’t planned this at all; the idea had gotten into his head, but now he wasn’t sure what he was hoping to do.
“His age is easy enough to figure out. His hands have the calluses of a man who has long worked with paintbrushes—the calluses are all over the fingers of his dominant hand, in this case the left, but most thick by far on the middle and ring fingers where the brush has rested against the finger while being held—but since the calluses cover a larger area of the palm as well it must be a house-painting style of brush. So, house painter it is. You can also see he’s slightly hunched, suggesting back damage, not uncommon in a man who has spent the last forty years of his life bending to paint high places. His heavily muscled arms support that conclusion. His handshake is firm, though, so he must be in control of his faculties.
"I suppose so." Lestrade shook his head tiredly, clearly still wrapping his head around things. "I should head back to the Yard. See what I can dig up. Probably nothing, but it's worth a try. At least I can put in my two pence on upping the threat level."
"Oh, sure, okay," said Molly, clearly reluctant to leave Sherlock's company (even though he had only said eight words to her since his arrival three minutes and fifty-four seconds earlier). But nevertheless, she and Lestrade left the room, leaving Sherlock alone in the mortuary.
“I don’t understand why you’re still hesitating,” said Moriarty. “It’s very simple. If you don’t do it, you or your pet will die in twenty seconds.”
Shan, the late leader of the Black Lotus Tong in London, had fled the scene with her people. She had scattered them, sent them all in different directions, a diaspora of smugglers and thieves fleeing into the night with their friends and their wounded and their dead.
John rolled his eyes. “So how are you planning on contacting him? Putting the shoes back with a little ‘you are appreciated’ Hallmark card?”
“They were placed at the site where Shan was killed,” said Sherlock. “That alone means something. They were strategically placed. Meant to get my attention.”
Mycroft started up the stairs. “He can’t avoid discussing this forever, no matter how distressed he is. Keeping us all in the dark now is only wasting time.”
“Open-minded,” repeated Mycroft, as if the word was intended as subtext for ‘idiotic’. But his voice had lost just a little bit of its derisive edge. “Aren’t we a little old for magic stories?”
“I’m still working that out,” said Sherlock shortly and with considerable venom. “For the most part,
Lestrade visited on the third day of this routine, during one of the long interludes where Sherlock was away. When John answered the door, Lestrade blinked a few times in surprise, clearly still getting used to John being one of the residents at 221B. At least this time, this visit didn’t start off with John lurking in the shadows on the stairs, desperately hoping to avoid detection.
“So the timeline could work, certainly,” said Sherlock, nodding thoughtfully. “So do we know what happened after this photo was taken?”
“How about you try for some semblance of professionalism?” said John. “At least pretend, if that’s the best you can do. Come on.”
sorted out,” Sherlock snapped impatiently. “And if I need anything else, I’ll be sure to let you know.”
are two very different things. Sherlock is used to going solo, and getting himself out of difficult spots, but there are times when you just really, really need some good backup. A lesson Sherlock really ought to learn, y'know?
Sherlock moved his hand away from John’s face, and he and John both shifted positions slightly as John turned back around. “Not a terrible shot,” said Sherlock, and John had to remind himself Sherlock was injured so he didn’t elbow him.
Nothing could trace back to Sherlock. If he could keep Lestrade and all other prying eyes unaware of John’s presence in the flat for the time being, then it would all go away in time. It was a waiting game, and Sherlock was determined he’d win that as well.
“Photoshopped? And sick? Yes,” said John. “As scare tactics go, this really takes things to a whole new level.”
“You understand that this places you in considerable danger,” said Sherlock. “Talking to me right now is dangerous. Assisting me is on another plane altogether.”
Well. So we should have a decent idea of how much overlap Moriarty's and Sherlock's powers have -- and the answer, as it so happens, is rather a lot. Anyone Sherlock brings back can be made dead again, forever, by Moriarty; and vice versa. It's a very level playing field here. Which probably accounts for about 50% of Sherlock freaking out (with the other 50% easily attributed to the fact that this is a problem that exists at all).
Lestrade and John both hung back as Sherlock made his way upstairs—though each glanced after Sherlock multiple times to monitor his progress—in order to reassure Mrs. Hudson that Sherlock was, in spite of his appearance, ‘okay’. As Sherlock reached the top of the stairs and half-fell through the door, he could hear Lestrade promising he would be back first thing in the morning to check in on them and to bring Sherlock to the Yard in order to file an official statement about his ordeal.
“He did tell you things. None of the things you were looking for, of course, but that was the point. People are likely to say too much about one thing when they think you’re listening for another.”
Kitty shrieked with rage and flew at Gruner, who had just enough time to turn around, thereby facilitating Kitty’s perfectly executed kick to his groin. Gruner dropped like a stone with a howl. Sherlock stepped forward and kicked Gruner’s gun across the room and out of reach where it slid under one of the many glass cabinets. Kitty, oblivious to anything but her tormenter, went in for another well-aimed kick, and Sherlock decided this was as good an opportunity as any to locate Gruner’s camera.
“I’ll take that as agreement,” he said, sitting down on the couch and lying back with a care for his shoulder. He dragged the blanket over himself and settled back.
Sherlock pulled the laptop towards himself and glanced at the article. “One less thing to worry about. Lestrade said I’d probably be called on to testify, but the trial won’t be for a couple months, so I can put it aside for the time being.”
Young Sherlock poked him with a shoe. “I told you to leave me alone,” he said, heart pounding and heart soaring all at once.
“I think it’s natural, to feel some measure of guilt,” he said, moving to sit on the edge of a table across from John. “It’s a risk that comes with your kind of profession. You feel responsible for the lives you can save and the lives you can’t.”
“If I have to do something drastic, I will. But I’m hoping he’ll get distracted by a war or a new bakery next to his mansion and he’ll just piss off. Just a matter of time,” said Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how long it would be, but surely Mycroft would go away sooner or later. Sherlock was quite certain that Mycroft didn’t care about him enough to meddle forever. He always gave up sooner or later, out of annoyance or indifference. They weren’t emotionally close enough to one another to be bothered expending much energy annoying the other.
It took John another three seconds to process the order, and then he leapt out of his chair, dropping his notebook and sprinting upstairs. In precisely thirty-seven seconds, he was hurrying back into the living room, tugging on his jacket and shoving his new, barely-charged mobile phone into his trouser pocket.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock interrupted him. “He was prepared for everything. He had the entire timeline worked out perfectly.” He scratched his head with the barrel of the gun, pacing up and down the side of the pool.
“If the information from my Homeless Network is correct, it would appear he’s made a fortune by threatening and extorting former girlfriends,” said Sherlock, the disgust in his voice quite apparent.
Sherlock blinked, unexpectedly pleased by the comment in spite of the sarcastic tone it was delivered in. “You still want to see this through, then?”
He hurried along, racing down corridors and through deserted security checkpoints in the general direction of the southwest corner of the building. His only real advantage was that he was familiar with the hallways, entrances, and exits of the building, while Moran was not. But the most that might accomplish would be to shorten Moran’s lead. The deafening, rhythmic screech of fire alarms throughout the building felt like a particularly dire countdown.
“Or what?” he demanded, temper flaring in an instant. Instead of leaving, he closed the door, and stepped forward towards Mycroft.
Sherlock stood there for a long and silent moment. His thoughts were moving so fast that even breathing seemed too slow and tedious.
But the woman was already tapping out a message on her phone, and as she typed, an expensive-looking black car with tinted windows rumbled smoothly down the street and rolled to a halt right in front of 221B.
“God, that’d be brilliant,” said John, still out of breath, but as Sherlock started up the stairs to the second floor, John picked up his bag once more and followed.
The Detective waved something in one hand; at first glance, anyone thought it was a leather wallet. Then Sherlock opened it, and revealed a collection of lockpicks of various sizes and shapes. “One can get so much further in life with the aid of a set of lockpicks,” he said drily.
John and Sherlock had spent the better part of three hours in the waiting room. In that time, they’d had no news—although, as John had pointed out a couple hours earlier, they were unlikely to get any until Soo Lin was out of surgery, awake, and well enough to receive visitors who weren’t related to her. They had exchanged few words beyond that; stress, shock, and exhaustion all possessed a numbing effect that made simple things like small-talk take an insurmountable amount of effort.
“You can’t log into any accounts or use anything that involves a password,” said Sherlock. “No email, no bank accounts, no social media—“
John grabbed Amberley from behind, one hand seizing Amberley’s gun hand and wrenching it towards the ceiling while he pinned Amberley’s remaining arm at the shoulder. Amberley fired into the ceiling as he twisted in John’s hold, but John tightened his grip on the gun and Amberley’s hand. John managed to work his hands to the trigger over Amberley’s and he discharged the gun completely into the ceiling.
“No,” said John, feeling thoroughly overwhelmed but admittedly relieved to know there had been a police officer guarding their house and their landlady. At least she wouldn’t have been abducted the same way he had been.
Lockpicks by door. Too far away. Out of reach. They’d been smart in taking them from him, or he’d already be free again. No chance of reaching them. No other weapons available. Screaming held some potential, but also could accelerate his coming death.
“I could go with you,” suggested John, for the twenty-second time in two days, four hours, and nineteen minutes (Sherlock had been counting). “I could maybe talk to someone for you, or I could go along, or I could help jog some memories, or—“
“But you only just got here—“ started an exasperated Lestrade, shoulders drooping in defeat, but he was interrupted by the appearance of his forensic technician at his shoulder.
Sherlock tugged the blanket off his shoulders and hurled it as far away as he could, his arm and wrist screaming in bloody protest, and he glared at the paramedic so he didn’t have to see how pathetic his throw had been. “If you put that goddamn blanket on me one more time—“
It was not a question of fault. Sherlock did not, after all, choose who died, and it was certainly not pre-mediated, so he was not about to entertain the notion that he’d killed the man. Sherlock adhered to a strict code of rules with regard to all things; and while he wasn’t sentimental and quite frequently wasn’t even sympathetic for his fellow man, he wasn’t a killer. But there was an element of responsibility that Sherlock could not deny. As much as he wanted to.
Grabbing a pillow off a chair as he went, Sherlock walked up the stairs and knocked on John’s door. When there was no response, he turned the handle and pushed it open to find that, predictably, John was still asleep. Carefully taking aim, he chucked the pillow at John’s head, where it connected solidly and bounced away over the side of the bed.
“Do you want to bring him back?” said Moriarty. “Back from the dead in an instant. I know you’ve done it before. Come on. For me?”
He’d been treating this like a game without appreciating the real stakes. He was an idiot, for not assuming from the first that this is how his interactions with Moriarty would progress.
“Our goal is to appear as though we belong here,” said Sherlock quietly. “Perhaps I was working late and you came to take a bag for me. Perhaps we both work late and you’re going home for the night. It doesn’t matter what the reason is. We remain calm and act as though we belong here unless circumstances dictate we must do otherwise. We’re unlikely to encounter other people, but that doesn’t mean we won’t look suspicious on a security camera if we act stupidly. Understood?”
“But you think it’s going to be different than when he just let me identify Gruner so I could turn him in to the Yard.”
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair agitatedly, breathing fast. “If I touch a body that Moriarty has already brought back and made dead again, and nothing happens, then it seems as if our Gifts do intersect. So I’m willing to bet those he brings back can be made dead again by me, and those I bring back—“
Sherlock nodded. “Introduce the poison into his medications—into the skin creams, particularly—and it would enter directly into the blood stream as he applied the medication to his feet. Paralysis a couple hours later as the toxin is carried all throughout the body, and death follows almost immediately by nerve shutdown and associated asphyxiation. And drowning didn’t help.”
Walls crumbled in Sherlock’s mind. Small, carefully organized and pristine rooms collapsed, caved, and reassembled. A new room opened up, followed by more, which joined, reorganized, expanded, and filled. And in the center of it all was the man now standing in the doorway with a gun and the obnoxious ghost of a relieved smile playing at the corner of his mouth.
For about the thousandth time, he wished he had some sort of effective anesthetic that he could actually use for the purpose of suturing his own bullet wound. Better yet, a second doctor to do it for him.
easier than finding Moriarty, if we’ve been looking for them for the last two months and literally the only thing we know about them is that they are responsible for killing Shan, the Spider, and me?”
Sherlock looked back up at Mycroft. “I thought it was better that you knew nothing. I thought that was better for everyone. But I
Sherlock grit his teeth, and rolled his ankles. Both clicked, and were stiff, and the right one hurt so much that he stopped after one rotation. He crossed his arms, and then uncrossed them quickly, his wrists, elbows, shoulders, and chest in particular all protesting with burning stabs of pain. “All fine,” he lied.
There was a pause, and then something much harder and more angular than a pillow collided with the back of his head.
Sherlock snorted. “No, they took them willingly.” He picked up both bottles and held them up, examining them. Perfectly identical in every way. “I am confident our cabbie here made this a contest. Hope would pick up his victims and offer them a choice. He would drive them away somewhere secluded and present them with both bottles, and a chance to escape with their lives. They would choose a bottle, and always choose wrong. They would die by their own hand, because he made them choose.”
Sherlock paused, for only a split second, to debate how much to say. But his own curiosity won out, clamoring to see what sort of reaction this string of deductions would receive, and it took all of two seconds for Sherlock’s inquisitive, scientific, and slightly vain mind to take off at full tilt.
Perhaps trapping Hope was an act of kindness. Without it, there can be blissful ignorance. Humankind has the ability to go about their lives as oblivious idiots without the need to know and understand and change. To have the potential for hope is to have the potential for disappointment.
“I think you’re improving,” said Mycroft, gaze flickering briefly to John. “But regardless, do try to be careful.”
John laughed. “That’s understandable. It’s nice, not having to pretend when I’m talking to you. And God knows Sherlock’s next to impossible to deal with. I can’t believe you kept an eye on him yourself until now. I usually feel like his—“
John and Sherlock watched Lestrade lead Amberley—who was near catatonic with shock—to his car. Both John and Sherlock agreed to wait at the house until a squad of officers could come to inspect the backyard, but both men knew what they would find and so they sat on the porch in the midday sun and watched Lestrade drive away.
“… I feel violated,” said Sherlock, the second he heard the click of John’s door as it closed after him.
, he thought again, and he’d never been so terrified and so fascinated by such a simplistic thought.
for being my beta. :D <3 Her work is amazingly insanely brilliant and you should all go check it out, btw)
John just barely refrained from asking if that was also the reason why Sherlock was never straightforward with any of his explanations. “So then…?”
“Everything to do with John has been sealed,” said Sherlock furiously as he reached the inspector. “Everything. All of his records are now classified,
“As if John would have been yours,” Sherlock cut in, finally dragging his right arm upward to level the gun at Moriarty, ignoring the red sniper lights now dancing on his own chest.
He opened the door and found her seated at a chair in her little kitchen, evidently halfway through doing her dishes and now with one soapy rubber-gloved hand over her heart.
John’s mind raced, alarmed. There wasn’t supposed to be anyone else in the flat, he was sure of it. Sherlock hadn’t told him what to do if there were people in the flat. Which there
Sherlock held it up mutely, and John stepped closer to read the message. Written with black ink in a small, nondescript scrawl were a handful of words in the center of the page.
Sherlock grabbed an armload of John’s things and helped him move things to the table. Depositing the papers on one end, he opened a few of the case files he’s brought back, and showed them to John. “Somehow, it’s not hard to get Lestrade to agree to let you see these. May have something to do with the fact that you can’t exactly go and tell anyone classified information.”
Sherlock’s heart missed a beat. Missed several. Quite possibly stopped. The Detective forced himself to breathe.
Young Sherlock countered the incoming hit by parrying it to the left. As his opponent stumbled forward a few steps, Young Sherlock sidestepped. As one movement, he jabbed one elbow, hard, into the soft tissue between shoulder and neck while he slammed his heel onto the other boy’s foot. He then turned in a calm half-circle and lightly kicked the back of the boy’s knees.
“I suspect a full day,” said Mycroft, who to his credit looked completely unperturbed by Sherlock’s death-glare.
John was bothered by it. John was bothered by the whole thing. Sherlock found it exciting—how many criminals were there like Moriarty, after all?—but John was entirely the opposite.
“Go, go!” called a stranger, and multiple people could be heard flying down the stairs from only one floor above.
“Pretty much,” grumbled John, but after a couple more minutes, he dragged himself out of bed and started dressing for the day, pausing every few seconds to yawn.
. Not until Moriarty is taken care of. So for now, I’m as inconspicuous as I can be, mostly because I think I’ve been allowed to go out further than the front door…” He counts on his fingers for a moment. “… what, maybe six times in the two months since you brought me back to life?”
“You think they might be able to find something?” asked John, who’d completely forgotten that Sherlock had contacts among London’s underground.
Sherlock shut the book with a decisive snap. “Easy, then. If the plan changes but it’s not safe to contact me directly, leave me a message here or the museum. I’ll see it.”
“Good to know arguing with me requires the same mental fortitude as invading Afghanistan,” Sherlock grumbled.
Sherlock scowled and rolled his eyes, stirring his cup of tea disinterestedly with a spoon. “I’m only making sure. It’s rather impressively bruised.”
The second day, John returned to Baker Street to find—according to Mrs. Hudson, who was gazing out their living room window over a plate of biscuits—that Sherlock had gone to meet with Gruner. John took over the watch from their bemused landlady and waited by the window, getting up once or twice to retrieve something to eat or drink for the kitchen.
He knew there would be another one. That much was certain. He knew that he and Moriarty would be locked into this back-and-forth, give-and-take game until one of them made a mistake or did something… ‘drastic’.
track. You can't always work on your own...! John might be stuck lying low in the flat 99% of the time until this mess with Moriarty blows over, but his function as Sherlock's pseudo-emotions-coach is nonetheless critical. XD I always liked John's role in canon as Sherlock's support team in times of trouble.
John continued to look uneasy, but Sherlock was inclined to agree with her. They were all running out of time.
Lestrade stopped, his eyes fixed on the only thing in the room, a mass lying in the middle of the floor.
“I’m in a so-called ‘horrible mood’ because my neck is killing me and I’ve been condemned to sit hunched in a chair in my landlady’s flat while a horde of morons take a full day to vacuum up a bit of glass,” said Sherlock, his voice positively dripping with loathing for everyone and everything.
“And dangerous people are a liability we cannot afford. That he cannot afford,” said Shan. One more step backwards brought her over the threshold and into the hall.
Sherlock watched Mycroft’s car turn the corner. He sucked in a deep, irritated breath and let it out before he said, “That should be abundantly clear by now.” He spun about to go back inside.
Also, quick note: I'm American, and this story is written, edited, and researched solely by me (and I am but a lowly geology student) ~ so please forgive the American spellings, geographical inaccuracies, and any gaps in medical science. I do the best research I can, but goodness knows my medical training only goes as far as basic CPR and I don't actually have a clue. XD
The long-dried mud looked rather unimpressive to the Doctor, who raised an eyebrow. “How can you possibly know where the mud is from? You’re not a geologist.”
John sighed a laugh, and moved around the coffee table to sit on the edge of it, a couple feet away from Sherlock. “Anyway. Let’s get you cleaned up, and then you can sleep.”
John giggled feebly. “I was going to say something more along the lines of that was the craziest thing I’ve ever done.”
“All right?” John prompted. “You’re still running on adrenaline. You’re going to need time to wrap your head around all of this. It’s a lot to take in. Moriarty is a lot to take in. Tea will help. Planning will help. And we can do some of that together, okay?”
John didn’t react, but Sherlock’s heart rate somehow managed to increase further, shuddering and racing so desperately that he thought setting it on fire might actually be less painful.
“I do,” said their visitor. “I want to. I hope you can help me, and that I can help you as well. Though I understand if you do not believe me. Or trust me.”
"Yes, hello," Sherlock had said flatly to the impaled woman, who was looking in amused wonder at the flamingo sticking out of her ribcage, "I only wanted to check – it was your neighbor two doors down who murdered you, correct? The overzealous marigold enthusiast who runs the homeowner's association for the neighborhood. Not a fan of gaudy plastic flamingos, I expect."
“Back on his feet?” asked Mrs. Hudson, following John’s gaze. Besides John, she was the only person who’d seen the state Sherlock was in before he and Mycroft had made up the week before.
John noticed too. “Do you think he found something from—“ he said, but Sherlock had already started walking, striding briskly over to Lestrade. John hastened after him.
Sherlock frowned and sat up a little straighter. He hadn’t noticed this. Perhaps John’s agitation had been masked by Mrs. Hudson’s presence and behavior, but clearly now that John was no longer playing host, he was visibly distraught, even if he was controlling it well.
“We didn’t talk about much,” said John, looking guilty. “I told her I was recently discharged, and after that she stopped asking questions. We just had tea, and lunch. Talked a little. TV. She’s very nice.”
“And we know the Black Lotus are amongst his spies now, even without Shan,” added Sherlock. “We know that at least some of them are out there, and at least some of them have assured him of their loyalties. If they don’t know Shan is dead, he might be posing as her in his communications with them. If they do know Shan is dead, then he was willing to pay high for their loyalties. Or it came cheap.”
But Mycroft was always prying. Especially when he was not wanted. And especially when he knew it would frustrate Sherlock.
John looked down at the sling and nodded. “Yeah. Really strange that the wound isn’t actually painful, but stitching still hurt. But I’m still hoping it’ll heal normally.”
and stop with the ‘hours and days of unexplained silence’ thing, and I’ll make sure not to overreact. Calm and collected. Deal?”
Sherlock gave Watson a look that made Watson shift uncomfortably from his seat in the case, feeling distinctly as though he were being examined from the inside out and was about to be (metaphorically) dissected. It was unnerving. But Watson matched Sherlock's stare—admittedly with far less intensity—until the thought came to him that the Detective was not so much glaring at him as he was staring furiously into space, which just so happened to have settled itself somewhere in front of Watson.
And though Sherlock didn't notice an unusual weight of gravity tugging at his outstretched hand, and though time did not slow or divert attention to this exact second, and though nothing at all about this moment seemed especially out of place, the universe itself was quite possibly holding its breath.
Sherlock nodded slightly. Zhi Zhu had been one of the men with Shan when Sherlock was abducted. It made sense that he had been something like Shan’s bodyguard and personal assassin. And when Shan was murdered, he would have then answered to her superior—which could only have been Moriarty.
Even at the age of nine years and however many months, Young Sherlock could not quite help that desperate inner need to show off, if only a little. The temptation to be able to knock his enemies in the dust before they had the time to utter their first taunt and not even break a sweat was too good to pass up.
Sherlock scowled, and stepped over the threshold. “We’ve been doing this for days. Nothing’s happened yet, and Moriarty is unlikely to kill me right off the bat. You’re worrying too much.”
John sighed, and got out of the car. He opened Sherlock’s door, while Lestrade crossed the sidewalk to ring the bell and summon Mrs. Hudson.
But that wasn’t entirely true. Sherlock had never felt as distracted as he did right now. It rather felt like a piece of his chest had been removed, and he found its absence incredibly distracting. He didn’t understand it; he just knew that it hurt. But while working should fix it, like it fixed everything else, he just couldn’t bring himself to try when he felt like this.
Young Sherlock had found himself faced with life, death, and what lay between. He found himself questioning morality, humanity, and mortality.
“What a disgustingly ordinary thing to say,” snapped Moriarty, tone sharp. He paced away, stopping with the body at his feet. He looked down at it. After a moment, he spoke again, without lifting his gaze, “Why do you think I brought you here, Sherlock?”
He set the bottle of painkillers on the table next to Sherlock’s chair. “Take two of these for your neck. The glass and the associated horde of morons will be done as soon as possible. And you should be grateful to Mrs. Hudson for letting us stay here.”
“You started it,” said Sherlock. He turned to look at Lestrade triumphantly. “Well? Anything to add?”
He secured the stitches and set down the needle on the bathroom countertop, and examined the neat row of stitches across his left collarbone. The skin would almost certainly scar, the wound a small sunburst of raw, angry skin and pale scar tissue just over his heart, but he somehow thought this seemed appropriate. Or at least it was a very stark reminder of the fact that he’d begun living a second life only twenty hours, nine minutes, and forty-one seconds earlier. And it felt important to remember this. That this was something special. Really, truly special.
“I didn’t kill anyone!” objected Sherlock, as his blood ran cold. “’Killing’ implies an inherent degree of planning and intent. I had no intention of killing anyone—and certainly no desire to kill anyone—and can assure you that in no way was anything premeditated. I planned
John reached the top, and paused long enough to look around, and then stepped into the room above and gestured with one hand that it was safe to follow. “I think it’s empty up here,” he said. “I don’t know where they just went…”
. I think he’ll talk to you. He can ignore scrutiny from me and my people because we know nothing of one another. But he can’t ignore you.”
Sherlock sat sulking at the back of an ambulance, a bright orange blanket draped over his shoulders. Around him, the ruined Lucky Cat Emporium was swarming with police officers as they patrolled the site and searched the interior of the building. Lestrade barked orders to his team from the front of the building, sending Anderson (whom Sherlock had been delighted to hear had spent the entirety of the shootout hiding in Lestrade’s car) dashing in every which direction marking evidence. Lestrade had recovered Sherlock’s phone—turned off—and other effects, including his long black coat, from the basement and returned them to him. Now, Sherlock was bundled in his coat and blanket, fluffed up like a bloody and disgruntled bird of prey and surveying the scene through haughty, narrowed eyes.
After a moment, Lestrade reluctantly relented. “Sometime around midnight, the body must have vanished out of the coffin. Security guard doing rounds heard a small disturbance near the morgue, and came down to find it open. Went in, found an empty coffin, and all hell has since broken loose.”
“Don’t get mouthy with me,” she cautioned, but Sherlock was already sweeping down the hall away from her, and Donovan didn’t follow.
,” said Sherlock seriously. “Something more than a simple terrorist sect in London or a particularly ambitious criminal. We’re dealing with a long-seated, growing web of crime. This Moriarty, whoever they are and however many they are, is like a great spider at the center of this vast web. And like a spider web, the strings are essentially invisible until it’s too late to get away.”
“Maybe she’ll reach out to us, when this is all over. If we can bring Moriarty down, it’ll be news everywhere, once people know who he is and what he’s orchestrated.”
Sherlock and John spent a little longer with Soo Lin, chatting about their respective plans, and after a while they said their farewells with a promise to return in a few more days before she was officially released from the hospital. They left the hospital, flagged another cab, and set off on the drive along the Thames to meet Mycroft. The visit with Soo Lin had been an unexpected lift to both of their spirits. Even John, who immediately looked tense just at the thought of Moran or Moriarty now, seemed much more at ease than he had in recent days.
Twenty-five years, six months, nine days, one hour, and eleven minutes after his destiny crashed into his bedroom window and died, in a time heretofore known as "Now", Young Sherlock was no longer Young Sherlock.
His every thought, his every idea, his entire being, was replaced with three short, impossible words.
Mycroft gave him a withering look. “You and I both know that this is a genuine photo of you. An original, and rather incriminating, photo of you.”
“What are you doing?” asked John. “Going out a fire escape in a stairwell is supposed to be better than a door?”
The details didn’t matter much to John. What he was doing was keeping Sherlock’s secret. After all, John thought, Sherlock was all he had. If it wasn’t for Sherlock, he would still be dead, and no one would have thought twice about it.
"Oh," said Watson, eyes wide. He ruffled his short hair with one hand, suddenly overwhelmed. "Oh. Oh
Something that John's getting progressively more annoyed about. The poor man's bored! BOOOOOORED. Especially when Sherlock's undoubtedly being dangerous and exciting. John's frustrations with being left behind and so often in the dark is undermining his confidence that he should be there. Rather leaves him wondering, what's the point of being alive again if he's useless?
“You’re late, that’s what happened,” snapped Sherlock. “You’re late. He’s already gone. He was here and now he’s gone.”
“I’m sorry, you come around to the idea of someone murdering a little boy a lot faster than I do,” said John, just a little cross.
“Aren’t people in the military supposed to be good at following orders?” asked Sherlock exasperatedly.
“Yeah, I know,” said John, peering closely at Sherlock’s head and neck through the haze with one hand still on Sherlock’s shoulder. “But I need to make sure you
Sherlock let out a short barking kind of laugh. “Sometimes, you say the most remarkably dimwitted things.”
Both nights, he struggled to fall asleep. His gun, immaculately cleaned and perpetually loaded in the drawer of his bedside table, was a testament to his state of mind.
“Will you have stopped being bizarre by then?” said Lestrade. John shook his head. Lestrade sighed. “All right, then. Good luck, I suppose.”
Sherlock clapped his hands together. “Why not? He’s dead. He’s beyond any repercussion. And he was a genius. Brilliant enough to evade the police completely. I love the brilliant ones—they're always so desperate to get caught. They crave appreciation. Applause. A moment in the spotlight. That's the frailty of genius, John. It needs an audience.”
Normally, his physical state wasn’t of much interest, but Sherlock couldn’t help but note that everything—and he meant
Sherlock heaved a sigh, crossed the room, fished John’s mobile out of the pocket of his jumper, handed it to him, and sank into an armchair. John fiddled with the phone before tossing it to the far end of the sofa.
Mycroft sniffed. “Persuading him to talk to us might require some work, but knowing who he is might help with that. At any rate, we’re working on getting his identity. Shouldn’t be long.”
“With how much you smoke, you’d think you’d be handling it better,” said Sherlock, looking down the hall opposite the direction he and John had come from, thinking hard.
The door opened in front of them, to reveal Mrs. Hudson—all sixty-two inches of irritated landlady glaring intently at Sherlock. “I was just looking for you, young man,” she exclaimed indignantly, hands on hips. “Someone put paint all over my bloody door!”
"Ah," said Sherlock, his hands in his pockets. The reason he was here became rapidly apparent. "So, will I speaking with him? The dead informant."
He turned in time to see a piece of paper fluttering to the ground from the cab window. He glanced at the cab, focusing on the driver for the first time.
“Well, I’m sure he would appreciate it more if it was with his knowledge,” said John. “If it really is in his best interest.”
John’s patience—or at least, his initial patience—was marginally fascinating to Sherlock, but only for a time. But even John’s patience wore thin after four hours and twenty-seven minutes, give or take thirty seconds, for it was then that he at last gave in to temptation and opened Sherlock’s laptop to browse the news. He’d tried the television earlier, but Sherlock had glared at the noise with enough distaste that John had switched it off, trying not to roll his eyes. The laptop was little better—“Don’t do anything that involves your identity, nothing,” Sherlock had warned within seconds of John sitting down in front of the computer—and within fifty-four minutes, John found himself aimlessly browsing from asinine webpage to asinine webpage.
Before that particular moment, most of John’s time was spent in the clinic on base or aiding with transport to and from local hospitals. The days were long, and hot, and exhausting, and often bloody. Patients came and went.
"Oh…" said Molly, just the slightest bit hesitant. "I… well, I'm sure it's okay… I mean, strictly speaking you need family permission and stuff like that, but since I can't find anyone… And, I mean, there's an open investigation, so…"
killed you once before—and staying here is just tempting fate. You can’t stay here. Not when it just means you’re at risk when you don’t need to be.”
“Afghanistan,” said John automatically, tone approaching subzero at the stream of deductions. It was impressive when Sherlock did it. It was infuriating when Mycroft did. It didn’t matter how similar the Holmes brothers were; John had already formed very different opinions of them. “I was working with Doctors Without Borders.”
"If you don’t mind, I have some questions," said Sherlock, rather unsympathetically, attempting to get back to business in spite of this rather awkward and time-consuming start to their interview.
Sherlock nodded. “Lestrade will take me partway, and I’ll walk the rest. I want to get there without Lestrade being anywhere in sight, but I want him and his idiots close by in case I need them. I know where to look for the camera, if Kitty was right about where he keeps it. He’ll be on guard, of course, but I’m hoping the Ming pottery will be something of a distraction. Especially since he may want to know how I got hold of a prize like this when he’s the one working with the Black Lotus.”
And people, surely, could do stupid things, like kill people to bring other people back to life, when they care about others.
Sherlock watched. “It’s a shame my injuries aren’t more interesting,” he said after a moment. “As treatments go, these seem fairly simplistic. Now,
“I was working to fake his death in exchange for his silence regarding my history of prescription opiate abuse.”
Now the pool made sense. That understanding did nothing to help John’s nerves. He repeated the message, tonelessly, trying desperately to think of some way to give Sherlock a better understanding of their situation.
He had to make some effort to be understanding of John’s coping mechanisms. As ludicrous and impractical and unpleasant as they might be. He owed it to John, somehow. It was not an equivalent exchange, to ask for the man’s cooperation in exchange for no closure. After all, John was effectively closing the book on his past life. It hadn’t even been a week, and no doubt John had not yet found a way to resolve many of the outstanding variables, but Sherlock doubted there were many people who would willingly spend any portion of a second, limitless life stuck with him.
“And we’re not the only ones who want to learn as much as we can as quickly as we can,” said Sherlock, checking his phone while they walked. “I think all three of us want answers more than sleep right now.”
Sherlock nodded once more, and again exchanged a look with Mycroft. Where John’s expression was nervous, Mycroft’s expression was hard, inscrutable to anyone but Sherlock.
John had never wanted a mobile phone before now—it wasn’t as if he needed one, being supposed-dead and isolated and all—but now, he found himself desperately wishing for the ability to send a text.
They were all infuriatingly well trained. And he was still getting over being thrown about and drugged the first time. Not to make excuses, of course. However—
But John heard him, and he too looked out the windows for a moment before looking back at Sherlock. “You don’t think it was an accident.”
“That would be great, thanks,” said John, before Sherlock and Mycroft could start arguing again. He looked at both of them pointedly. “It’s a good compromise. Same building, different location.”
"Don't touch me," said Sherlock sharply. He could not permit Watson to be dead just yet. Not until he'd figured out how this happened. It wasn't as if it mattered if he let Watson stay alive for a few more minutes. The damage had been done. There was no going back.
“Good,” said John firmly, and he lowered the plastic to resume packing away their leftovers. “You were saying?”
The Detective lowered his phone to give John his full attention. His expression was equal parts worried, amused, and exasperated. “I’m usually the one who gets wound up over things like this.”
to be solved in conjunction with other people. Mycroft and Lestrade and Kitty and the rest of them. And you. I might have been able to do it on my own, of course, but the process was greatly aided and expedited through cooperation. And I appreciate you forcing me to acknowledge that might be the case.”
“For now, the other members of the Black Lotus,” said Sherlock. “Although, if I’m being perfectly honest, my hopes are not particularly high. A distinguishing tattoo doesn’t make someone easy to spot, especially when the tattoo in question is small, simple, and easily covered with clothing. And Shan will have had her people go to ground. They’ll either be hiding, or perhaps, they’ll already be with Moriarty. Who might make them his own agents. Or kill them. I’m honestly not sure which.”
,” said Mycroft, and it was only now that any hint of strain entered his tone, “are you standing here,
Because of his Gift, Sherlock had avoided any and all physical contact with other people for the vast majority of his life. With John in particular, where the slightest contact could be deadly, his motivation to avoid it altogether was only that much greater.
These thoughts came slowly—painfully, and slowly—as they crawled their way past the headache pounding against his skull. John pressed one hand against his forehead, squeezing his eyes shut and willing his brain to work past the migraine. Between the heady smell and the weight against his chest and the humid warmth of the room and the general pain he was in, he could barely string his thoughts together into anything coherent.
.” He leaned forward, turning his head to look at John sidelong. “Just ask your pet here. He should know that better than most.”
“So, you’ve impressed him, and now he wants to impress you back?” asked John, crossing his arms over his chest. “It’s like a game to the pair of you, isn’t it? You share little tidbits back and forth until—what, exactly?”
would not undo what had happened to Soo Lin, or what might happen to everyone else unwise or unlucky enough to deal with Moriarty.
Sherlock finally turned his head just enough to look at John out of the corner of one eye. “This can wait until morning,” he said.
Mycroft shook his head with a grudging pout on his face. “We lost him on the ground. His movements once he arrived in Afghanistan are something of a mystery.”
The day passed in relative silence. Mrs. Hudson came around midafternoon with a tray of biscuits and a pot of tea, and John was so relieved to have some company that wasn’t just sitting in abject indignation in a corner that he actually hugged her.
Sherlock couldn’t decide if he was impressed or outraged at John’s creativity. “But,” he said aloud, “they are not broken.”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted, looking back up at Mycroft once more. “I never asked you. I don’t need your help, and I don’t want it. If there is something you ought to know, I’ll send a postcard. A nice photo.”
Before Sherlock could even begin to speak, John pivoted on his heel and half-turned, gun arm raised.
tried—to look like a call from Mycroft was meaningless to him. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Sherlock walk out of the waiting room, with a nod to Molly, and move out of earshot.
“Worth at least a hefty fortune and half a dozen lives, apparently,” said Sherlock. He felt like he was issuing a challenge in saying it—insisting the blame for those lost lives was not his. “General Shan. Jeff Hope’s victims. Just to name a few. And those are just the ones since I first heard about you.”
At eight years, three months, four days, nineteen hours, and fifty-one minutes of age, Sherlock had decided he would never tell anyone about his Gift. Sherlock had been sure, even then, that something like this would be almost impossible to believe. It was hard enough for Sherlock to believe it—after all, magic of any kind requires a willingness to accept that there are, sometimes, phenomena that simply have no explanation. That there are puzzles that cannot be solved, and questions that have no answer. He’d known that, even if he did tell, it was possible that no one would ever believe him.
He reached Sherlock’s conclusion—“I hope Mycroft’s diet is going well and Lestrade’s wife is not currently cheating on him and Anderson and Donovan have worked out whatever it was they were arguing about yesterday and Molly Hooper isn’t still depressed over her latest romantic disaster and Mrs. Hudson’s hip is working today”—before snapping the laptop shut with a derisive snort.
Which was how, thinking of revenge and thinking of nothing at all, Young Sherlock found himself, at eight years, six months, twenty days, one hour, and six minutes, passing out dead frogs for that day’s science class experiment, and watching as the room erupted into screams of terror as the rest of the class found their frogs leaping across the room in amphibious splendor.
Sherlock nodded stiffly, still watching Mycroft apprehensively. “Are you sure about this?” he asked after a moment.
And so it was that three days, two hours, and twenty-nine minutes after Sherlock Holmes first introduced himself to the DI, Sherlock Holmes solved the case, proved it, and obtained a confession from the murderer.
“Oh my God,” said John, dropping into a chair. “I was hoping you’d be wrong for once. I was really hoping you’d be wrong.”
“I – oh, right, yes,” stammered Molly, blushing anew. She pocketed her keys and gave Sherlock one last look before she said, “Bye, Sherlock, have a nice night!” and hurried away to her car, her face very red.
Lestrade scowled. “Yeah? Well this is the first time I’ve seen you looking more like the dead people you poke than not.”
It's a long, quiet chapter, but we needed a little lull after the chaos of the Black Lotus. And a little Doctor Watson. And a little bit of these two being dorks.
Lestrade stood in the hallway for a moment, glaring at the distant door through which Sherlock had just vanished.
John got to his feet slowly, unexpectedly unsteady. His arms and legs were stiff and felt abnormally heavy and unresponsive. He was wearing a thick, hooded coat, zipped all the way to his neck.
There was bruising—an angry, mottled contusion in a band parallel to a couple of Sherlock’s ribs—but no obvious major trauma. John was certain it was only bruising, and not a break. Still, it was obviously painful. He touched one rib, barely, and Sherlock twitched. “Stabbing or aching pain? Trouble breathing?” said John again.
“Could have fooled me,” said John, taking a steadying breath, before readjusting his gloves and resuming.
“Or what?” said John again. “You’re going to have someone come and drag the angry dead guy out of your office?”
In return for this information about his life in Afghanistan and his brief stint in a coffin, Sherlock deigned to inform John which of the case files he’d brought held any chance of a lead. There was a missing car salesman, an American tourist stuffed inside a hotel washing machine, a stolen art piece from a museum in Beijing, a Ukrainian businessman inexplicably dead from a bullet through his office window in Abu Dhabi.
Sherlock placed the dish and letter back in the box and closed the lid. He got to his feet, picked up the box, and turned to face the other two men. “Well,” he said, speaking to Lestrade, “if you don’t mind, I have a puzzle to solve. I’m going back to Baker Street and getting to work. Don’t bother me.”
Next update to follow soon (I have this coming week off, thank god, so I'm hoping it'll be a good writing week)! As always, thank you all so much for reading and commenting and being patient through my annoyingly frequent delays -- it means the world to me! <3
“Sister,” corrected John. He’d meant to earlier, but he’d been too busy being impressed. “Harry, short for Harriet.”
“I haven’t done anything in thirty hours,” said Sherlock, as if this was the most pathetic thing he’d ever heard. “Give me something to
“But to what end?” pressed Mycroft frustratedly. “Why meet you at the pool at all? Why go to all of this trouble for you, if not to get rid of you.”
He strode to the entrance to the kitchen, just as Sherlock finished stowing the last of the dichloromethane behind the sugar, and paused, opening his mouth.
“Can you blame him? I mean, a Moriarty message at his place of work suggests Moriarty knows who you’re working with at the Yard,” said John. “Greg has a right to be concerned. Moriarty might not be trying to kill you just yet, but I’m not exactly inclined to trust he’ll be so nice to everyone.”
He’s a miser, grumpy, unhappy with the current state of his marriage, not good at keeping family or friends, which is easily reinforced by the fact that his wife just supposedly ran out on him with the neighbor who was a friend of his. Paranoid; look at the way he watches everyone like he’s waiting for something. Can’t keep friends or family, says a lot about him—most people can keep at least one of the two. Easily made jealous, cheap, married a woman much younger than himself and has been suspicious of her for some time, distrustful of everyone, and overall quite clever, if I’m not mistaken.” Sherlock glanced at John out of the corner of his eye for his reaction.
John sighed. He looked slightly mollified. “Okay. Okay, I just wondered. I don’t think feeling like a criminal in hiding half the day did much for my mental state.”
“It is honest,” Mycroft replied. “I have no intention of coddling you. Not when I have people I am responsible to. And responsible
Shadows traced their way along the walls, and time stretched on with incredible slowness. The only sign of life was their quiet breathing, and the tap of Sherlock’s fingers drumming out rhythms on the arm of his chair.
“What are you doing?!” hissed John, before he caught sight of a familiar black sedan parked on the edge of the police perimeter.
“Actually, I think John and I will pass.” Sherlock straightened his coat collar. “Lestrade, since you’re going to take all of the credit for this one—“
The next day, Sherlock appeared in the living room dressed not in his usual long coat and scarf, but in a black blazer and matching trousers. The Ming dish had been packed away in a custom box he must have acquired when John had gone to bed.
“Listen, Sherlock, my job is on the line,” said Lestrade. “You know how much I rely on you with difficult cases, but bringing you in as a consultant is already toeing the line. If people start looking too deeply into things, and God forbid they figure out your dead people thing—“
Sherlock had hauled John’s duffel bag—the one that had contained all of his belongings when he was just a body in the morgue at Bart’s—out of the closet and onto the bed, where he was shoving everything John owned into it. His uniform, his clothes, and his few personal belongings were all being crammed into the bag without preamble or consideration. The assorted fake IDs that Mycroft had made for him had been dragged out and set on the bed.
As it began to grow dark out, John hastened downstairs to Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, and dialed the number for Sherlock’s mobile.
“Mycroft?” said Sherlock absently, sending a text to Lestrade before answering. “Oh, he might even be better than I am. But he’s so
John shrugged. “It was nice to get out for a little bit this past week. Hopefully that’ll tide me over for a while.”
Sherlock shifted. “Though I think it’s more than that. For you. In your mind. You often exhibit a great sense of perspective, John, but this seems to have gotten very personal very fast.”
John met his gaze levelly, and inclined his head in a silent gesture of thanks. He knelt, checking to make sure the gloves over his hands were rolled over his sleeves, leaving no skin exposed. When he was sure, John said, “Okay, it might hurt a little when I touch if there is something wrong, so try not to move. Or at least give me warning.”
“They’re not retro, they’re original,” said Sherlock, holding up his phone for John to see. It was open to a page listing an identical pair of shoes for sale, with ‘LIMITED EDITION TWO BLUE STRIPES, 1989’ very visible in the title of the advert.
Sherlock could hear the response—a short, harsh affirmative—and then footsteps retreating quickly down the hall. Shan, leaving. They were going to kill him and leave his body here. Their location had to have been compromised, it was the only explanation. So someone was here. Lestrade, maybe, or even—
Moran let out a surprised laugh. “Feisty little thing, aren’t you?” he said. “I can almost see why everyone’s so entertained by you.”
“I am giving you an opportunity to unburden yourself,” said Mycroft. “I know you are lying, and I can tell you now, lies are not to your advantage here. Allow me to caution you. This is your last chance to make this easy.”
have a choice,” mumbled Sherlock, sinking low in his chair with a dark expression on his face. “This isn’t about them.”
The loading dock was the logical way to get into St. Bart’s. Sherlock had considered that option himself the day before. It was one of the easiest ports of access, and was one of the least watched methods of ingress. High traffic in and out throughout the day coupled with a viable excuse for being there and a large door. The only hazard was that it was easier to notice a large,
“Talk to me,” John urged. “You haven’t calmed down at all since the pool. Actually, you’re way less calm, and frankly, I didn’t think that was possible. So talk to me. Tell me what I’m missing.”
“Because if I ride with you, you’ll try to talk to me,” said Sherlock shortly, climbing in the car and slamming the door, before it drove off.
“Don’t panic just yet,” said Sherlock, peering at the numbers on the keypad. “Most of these operate on a sixty-second timer, so ideally we have another fifty seconds or so.”
“You must be joking,” he snared after a moment, fingers digging a little too forcefully into the keyboard as he typed out his reply. His heart beat ever so faster against his ribcage.
Sherlock nodded. He looked down at the cabbie. His belongings said as much as his face did. Older, ill, and not much of interest. The only reason they might take the full minute to speak with him was if John got wordy. Which, given that he and John had spent the last three days in near-total silence, was unlikely.
“Carl Powers had some kind of fit in the water,” said Sherlock. It had been years since he’d given it much thought, but he could recall every detail of the newspaper stories with ease. “He was a good swimmer but he just—seized up. Everyone assumed he’d had some sort of episode. Maybe choked. There was no obvious cause of death. No revealing trauma. Apparently some of the other children tried to help him out of the water once they’d noticed, and the lifeguards did the same, but it was too late. He was dead before the paramedics got there. It was deemed an accident, but there was something wrong. Something I just couldn’t get out of my head.”
He patted Sherlock gently on the shoulder with the hand he’d used to bring back Zhi Zhu Yao—and in spite of himself, Sherlock flinched.
“Yeah, that he does,” chuckled Lestrade. “I’ve never been this stressed, but work’s never been this good, either.”
Sherlock took one step forward, clutching the gun like a drowning man would clutch a piece of driftwood, so that the barrel was less than an arm’s length from Moriarty’s head. He stared Moriarty down. “
actually saying something’s impossible?” said John, eyebrows raised. “You, the champion of impossible things?”
However -- surprise! -- at LEAST chapters 33 and 34 will be WEEKLY instead of the usual biweekly! Maybe chapter 32 as well if people really want it ;D  we shall see
He and the two remaining intruders stared one another down, for just a beat, before all three went down in a tangle of kicks and limbs.
The remaining survivors of the convoy shouted the all-clear and John was the one who made it first to the side of the informant, grievously wounded by a piece of shrapnel piercing his chest. John was preparing to administer emergency life support when the man gasped in terror at something over John's shoulder. John had whipped around to look, a hand going for his gun. He had seen nothing but a flash of light in the distance, when the informant grabbed John's gun arm and croaked out, realizing John was a soldier, "Tell them it was M—" before John's life ended in a swift bullet to the chest just below the collarbone by his left shoulder, right over his heart.
Sherlock couldn’t begin to fathom how Moriarty had learned about his Gift without witnessing it. The only people living who knew what Sherlock was capable of were John, Lestrade, and Mycroft, and… none of them would have compromised him. John was a complicated affair because John was supposed to be dead, but no one would look at John and infer that he had been somehow, magically, been resurrected. It wasn’t
“We have a plan of action,” objected Sherlock. “You and I need to look for Moriarty’s next message.”
Sherlock gave up protesting and let John lift him up, cautiously, but he stepped away once he was firmly on his feet. He looked out the window, out across the debris-strewn street beyond. “Bomb,” he said, more to himself than to anyone else, his mind obviously struggling to get past the tumultuous ringing in his ears.
She had obviously broken in through a window or back door, and now stood in the office doorway, pale with fear but
The hall to the next checkpoint was much the same as the first, but the haze of smoke hanging just below the ceiling became slightly thicker through each set of doors. The guards who might normally be stationed at some of the checkpoints were gone, and Sherlock suspected—hoped—that this meant they had all converged at the source of the disturbance.
“I’ve been mildly distracted with the challenge of surviving the rest of this week. The future isn’t exactly on my radar right now.”
“If you have an alternative explanation, I would love to hear it,” said Sherlock, allowing a hint of a dare to enter his voice.
Quite a few Pushing Daisies references in this one. That last little conversation in particular is based on one of my favorite exchanges from Pushing Daisies so I couldn’t help but incorporate it
“Admittedly, it can be a little stressful to be around at times,” said John. “You’re reckless, and sometimes you forget that the rest of us don’t know everything you know. But, I mean… I’m scared of Moriarty. I’m not scared of you.”
Someone was rounding the corner up ahead, and it was not difficult for Sherlock to recognize who it was, and run after.
Sherlock looked sideways at John—at the blood all over his clothes, at his expression, at his eyes—and then down the hallway where the paramedics had gone with Soo Lin. He took a breath. “The hospital.”
“I’ll take your word for it. I’m not a doctor,” said Sherlock. “At least it was for a good cause. The bloody nose, that is.”
To the stranger, he said, with a wave at John, “This is my – friend, John. He’s assisting with the investigation.” As John beamed and stepped forward to shake her hand, Sherlock continued, gesturing to the woman, “And this is Kitty Winters.”
“I’m guessing you know who this is,” said Lestrade, glancing sidelong at Sherlock, and Sherlock nodded.
“1989. A young kid—champion swimmer—came up from Brighton for a school sports tournament here in London. Drowned in the pool. Tragic accident.” Sherlock held up his mobile for John to see the screen, on which was a picture of the newspaper headline from the incident, now years old. He lowered his phone. “You wouldn’t remember it.”
He could hear the sporadic thuds that marked John opening and closing dresser drawers and bathroom cabinets overhead. Progress.
“As a result of an explosion which was strong enough to knock out the windows and wreck a building, yeah,” John pointed out. “I’m just making sure.”
Permitting himself the smallest possible sigh of relief, Sherlock kept up the pace until he reached the gallery, which was strangely still in the dark despite John hanging back. “They fled through a grate in the atrium,” he called as he entered. He could just make out a shape in the gloom that had to be John, and he moved towards him. “That must be how they got in without us seeing them at the back. But I didn’t see Soo Lin. Why weren’t you following m—“
John nodded again, visibly exhausted at the mention of sleep. “Fine. Okay. Yeah. Sleep is probably a good idea for all of us.” He gave the monitors one last look, studying Moran again. “He stays here?”
“It’s theoretically possible. If you have a better reason for him to associate with someone like you, feel free to explain.”
Mycroft shook his head yet again. “No. Sherlock might be helping you of his own accord because he thinks he can work around the law, or you’re forcing him to. Personally, I don’t care about the answer. Either way it places his entire career at risk. As well as the integrity of entire divisions of Scotland Yard, if you’ve gotten them involved. If this came to light, that someone as questionable as you had managed to con the police and Sherlock, their careers would end. There could be criminal charges against them, even. My brother may be willing to play with fire, but I’m not. I’d rather take this to the source—to you, and give you the option of disappearing now and forever of your own free will, or I will see to it that you effectively drop off the face of the Earth.”
Sherlock gave a huge yawn. “I’d trick Amberley into leaving the house and seize the opportunity to break in to investigate. But that’s just me.”
“Getting abducted was stupid,” said John flatly, and Sherlock looked away resentfully. “Going out like that on your own was stupid. Keeping everything to yourself was stupid.” He paused, and added, “Refusing help when you obviously need it is stupid.”
As a boy, Young Sherlock had found himself tasked with the seemingly insurmountable task of reconciling himself to the possession of an impossible and terrible Gift.
He broke down the last—check the timer—six minutes and nineteen seconds by the minute, then the second, taking it all apart.
John studied Sherlock’s expression, in a way that was clearly reminiscent of Sherlock whenever he was trying to make deductions about someone. The similarity did not go unnoticed on Sherlock’s part. After a moment, John said, “Why do I get the horrible feeling that you
John scowled down at his notebook and looked up, mouth open to iterate an insistence, only to find Sherlock
In the time it took John to get two mugs out of the cabinet, Sherlock had eyed John, and then rolled out of his chair to his feet, tossed his coat over the back of it, and stalked over to the window. Sherlock picked up his violin and bow, plucked a string, and adjusted a tuning peg.
Sherlock found the monotony of waiting—if possible—even more frustrating than John did. Each consecutive day was more nerve-wracking than the previous one, so that by the time John set out for the museum on the third morning, Sherlock could barely sit still. He tried, with mixed success, to focus on coordinating Mycroft and Lestrade in the event that some information had, indeed, made its way to Soo Lin. But the wait, with its present uncertainty, was agonizing.
The assassin beside John let out a stunned, choked gasp, and his knees buckled. He crumpled and dropped to the floor.
Sherlock was by now curled in his armchair, his legs drawn up to his chest, his blue eyes fixed on his mobile phone in pure, unadulterated loathing as it lay silent on the coffee table. He’d been that way the better part of the afternoon. At John’s question, however, he looked up. “Pardon?”
The next day came and went with no developments. Sherlock and John found themselves passing the time by speculating about the next message (a pastime which really only made John anxious and Sherlock impatient, but they did it anyway). Sherlock updated Lestrade with pertinent shoe-related details and agreed to give him a full report on his work, and he even sent Mycroft a few texts about the events of the last two days. He and John talked all evening—and then late into the night—about everything they knew about Carl Powers and rare poisons and speculative guesses about Moriarty, until finally a half-asleep John had to admit defeat and make his way up to bed. It only took John a couple of minutes to fall asleep, but Sherlock sat awake, rereading old articles about Carl Powers and thinking about the next message.
“Correct,” said Sherlock. “He’s our main problem now. No more distractions, for lack of a better word.”
“He really is Moriarty’s lieutenant, then,” said Sherlock. He glanced at John, but when John didn’t say anything, he continued, “It’s not new information, but it’s not worthless.”
He sensed, rather than saw, the incoming hit on his left, and he dropped down to avoid it, and spun out a leg to knock out the attacker’s.
It was like the air in his lungs had been replaced with lead. The thought hadn’t even crossed his mind, but now… He spun about to look at Mycroft, cutting him off mid-sentence with a loud, “Can I borrow your car?”
“You must be John, right?” she said, still smiling, looking him up and down. “Sherlock told me you’d be moving in today. I didn’t know you’d be getting here so soon, or I’d have come up earlier and maybe tidied up a bit—mind you, dear, just this once, I’m not your housekeeper—but oh, you’ve already moved in!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes so forcefully his entire head swiveled. “All right, fine, he’s not so much a criminal mastermind as he is a minor fixture of the British government.”
So it was that he had embraced the need for knowledge. Knowledge became the companion he could not physically risk having. Learning became the pastime that made him forget about feeling lonely. Understanding was the feeling that filled the void of everything else he had to give up.
“So he’s bragging about getting away with murdering children? This is like his own personal talent show?” said John, looking at the shoes with a newfound level of revulsion.
It wasn’t at all difficult for John to recall the giddy look on Moriarty’s face when the sixty-second rule had come into play with Yao. “I think you’re right.”
Mycroft reached into his bag and pulled out a manila folder. He looked at it, and paused for a moment. “I behaved… poorly, when we last spoke.”
Which is how it happened that one Captain John Hamish Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was riding in the back of the first ambulance to reach the scene of a bombed convoy just outside of Sangin, Afghanistan, and was the first man on the streets when the ambulance stopped.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how much Soo Lin did or didn’t know about his Gift. He suspected that all of the Black Lotus might know something about the power he and Moriarty shared, but there was no way of knowing—without asking outright—how detailed that something might be. He decided to proceed without being specific, just in case. He was inclined to trust Soo Lin, for reasons he didn’t entirely understand, but he wasn’t about to share everything within minutes of first meeting her. “Moriarty killed him because of me,” he said after a moment. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John blink—a subtly-surprised expression on his face—at Sherlock’s tone, which was quiet and apologetic rather than businesslike. “I’m not saying this because I want to make you regret coming here. I want to be truthful with you in exchange for the information you’ve given me, especially because I was as involved in your brother’s death as Moriarty is. Your brother was killed as part of a warning given to me. So it is arguably my fault.”
For a full five seconds, Sherlock stared into the dark locker room beyond, and then he stepped back. “He’s gone.”
Amberley unlocked the front door and let John and Lestrade in. “So, Dr. Watson,” Amberley said. “Have you made any sort of progress?”
Lestrade managed to stop himself from scowling. “In the meantime—we cleared the area. We’ve searched just like you advised. There’s nothing left for you to do. So would you
“I’d rather not have to,” replied John, glancing at him pointedly. “And if I do have to, I might drop you.”
“… Not wrong, actually,” said Lestrade coldly, able to tell what Sherlock was thinking with regards to ordinary policemen. “They got in through the loading dock ‘round back.”
In short, his touch could restore life to a dead being, but could only do so without consequences—deadly consequences—for exactly sixty seconds.
“Considering the beating you’ve taken, I somehow expected your pain tolerance to be higher than screaming at antiseptic, you maniac,” said John, heart beating so fast he thought he might need a lie-down himself. He pressed a hand over his heart. “Holy hell.”
He’d never thought like that before. He’d never had occasion to question his own Rules. It was new, full of unexplored potential and unevaluated complications. And unimaginable risk.
Sherlock had written ‘GRUNER’, ‘MORIARTY’, and ‘BLACK LOTUS’; he drew arrows between them, and continued, “Moriarty and Gruner partnered up, with Gruner falsifying the provenance certification for the antiques that Moriarty was helping the Black Lotus smuggle out of China,” said Sherlock. “In exchange, Gruner gets a cut of the profit.
“I will,” said Soo Lin, bowing her head, making her way to the stairs. Sherlock and John followed, hanging back as she took her coat off the hook by the door and pulled it on. When she was ready to leave, she looked at Sherlock again, with another small, determined smile, the corners of her mouth trembling ever so slightly.
Sherlock paced a few steps, fingers again steepled in front of his lips as he spoke, his default pose when thinking heavily. Watson watched him. "But then you turn up in time to treat the dying informant. You don't know anything about this man, but your presence while he is alive is an unacceptable complication to those trying to have him killed. You become a risk to them."
Sherlock offered her a withering glare. “My work rather depends on it. Getting knocked down and knocked out isn’t enough to change that. I don’t think you’d have bothered to drag me here for a chat if you didn’t know I had a problematically good memory. Don’t patronize me. It’s insulting. You know who I am. I know who you are. We can forego the formalities. Why am I here?”
This chapter marks the start of the endgame, as this universe’s oldest rule, “cabs = bad news”, makes one more appearance. I wanted to give our guys a little time to review the latest developments before shit, inevitably, hits the fan for everyone.
At last Sherlock thought he understood. He sank back into his chair. “You think he’s going to cut the Black Lotus loose. He’s going to cut his losses.”
the British government. More or less. Enough so that getting clearance for something like this isn’t even remotely difficult for him. And a criminal mastermind like Moriarty sending a sniper to run his errands is close enough to a terrorist threat for the British government. For my brother, at the very least. No one who knows anything about this mess with Moriarty would be stupid enough to think that anything less than the highest levels of security is inadequate.” He popped the collar of his coat, and started forward. “Come on.”
Sherlock lunged towards the cab and slammed a hand on the closest of the car’s doors, reaching for the handle, but the cab roared to life and sped down the street before he could seize hold of anything. Sherlock snarled and sprinted after it, following for a few dozen yards before the cab turned at the nearest intersection and was lost to view.
Sherlock put his arm over John’s shoulders tentatively, and John stood up. The hood on John’s jacket meant Sherlock couldn’t accidentally bump John’s head or neck as they walked, so the only real concerns were John’s hands and face. John was a good six or seven inches shorter than Sherlock was, so it was practically the ideal height, but Sherlock was nevertheless barely leaning on him, fist clenched tightly and arm ramrod straight so he couldn’t grab on.
In many ways, Sherlock had been expecting this message sooner. Mycroft never let anything go without scrutinizing it, and John standing with him at the scene of his rescue was never going to have been an exception.
The crack on Young Sherlock's window—spanning three inches across—was evidence that the collision should have killed it.
Sherlock watched him go, and was still watching the door even after Mycroft had descended the stairs and the sound of the front door closing had died away. He had a slightly dazed expression on his face, as if he was still processing that Mycroft had walked through the door at all.
It seems logical to me that Mycroft would have a hard time accepting everything Sherlock said, even with the proof - and then it would be to John to make absolutely sure that Mycroft wrapped his head around it all. John stayed silent before when Sherlock first told, because it was Sherlock's secret to tell. But now it seemed time for him to say something too.
Moriarty rolled his eyes, and said, “Darling, don’t play dumb. How did you acquire an army doctor who by all accounts is supposed to be dead,
Soo Lin’s lower lip quivered. “If I die and the sniper gets away, my death will be for nothing. My brother’s death will be for nothing.”
back from the dead if they continue chucking things at sleeping people, John picked up the box that Sherlock had thrown and examined the packaging. He stopped, and looked up at Sherlock with a confused frown. “A phone?”
Offering the ride seemed overly kind, on Lestrade’s part, but Sherlock knew it was to minimize their interactions with other people who might later identify them, so paranoid was the policeman about this visit.
“Um…” said John, angling the shoe this way and that. “They’re in good nick. Fairly new, from the looks of them… though the sole is pretty worn, so then the owner must have had them for a while and been pretty meticulous about taking care of them. Something of an 80’s look to them, so a retro design, maybe.”
“What’s…?” said Sherlock uncertainly, looking at John before turning a full circle to survey the pool, trying to look in all directions.
So it was that three days, two hours, and twenty-seven minutes after Sherlock Holmes first introduced himself to the DI, Sherlock Holmes entered the crime scene.
“I mean, it’s rather obvious, isn’t it?” said Sherlock. A glance in John’s direction revealed that it was, in fact, not all that obvious. Sherlock sighed and continued, gesturing to the paint on the door, “What it
“To see me, or so I thought. She’s much younger than I am…”Amberley glanced at John angrily. “Twenty years younger. Ernest is younger too.”
“Well,” said Lestrade finally, making everyone in the room turn to look at him. “Come on, boys, let’s head down the station and get this all sorted.”
John opened his eyes. Sherlock had stepped away from Mycroft, and was now standing in front of him. His overall expression looked more or less in control, but from his eyes he looked anything but. Anxious and concerned and frustrated all at once.
“Should be,” said Sherlock. “I’m willing to bet Moriarty will be monitoring for any sort of response from me. This is the most obvious line of communication from me to him. Unless he wants to give me his number.”
“Shan,” finished Sherlock, and he purposefully made the effort to sound bored. “I know. And I know we met earlier.”
“And regardless, my opinion doesn’t matter. Sherlock might have told me—for your benefit, mind you—but he clearly does not need anything from me. What I think about it doesn’t change what he’s capable of. Personal feelings aside—“
I want to include dead servicemen in the search,” said Mycroft, looking at Sherlock briefly as he spoke. “But the advantage of dealing with someone with a reputation like Moriarty’s is that no one here has any doubt in his ability to hide one of his associates behind a dead man’s name.”
did I let you get my flat cleaned?” Sherlock repeated, leaning over to reach the mantelpiece and running his hands along the bottom of the mirror, before he climbed onto the opposite chair and started pulling more books off their shelves. “It’s bad enough when John and Mrs. Hudson take it upon themselves to clean things. It’s worse with professionals. There’s no dust. Everything important is gone with it. You can put back anything but dust. Dust is eloquent.”
“True,” said Sherlock. He steepled his fingers in front of his lips. “And it might be prudent to put Gruner on my Homeless Network’s radar.”
“I think this is Moriarty’s way of sharing something personal,” said Sherlock, looking again at the shoes. “If my suspicions are right, then this was probably Moriarty’s first kill.”
Sherlock hesitated a moment longer, then turned and started the walk back to rejoin Mycroft and John.
“What are they looking for?” said John, leaning forward, the sudden break in the day’s silence effectively ensnaring his curiosity.
It had to be one of the barracks again, John was sure. That or an ambulance engine had overheated. Fixing it was going to be a nightmare, it’d be midday and well over thirty Celsius before they finished. And they would really have to hurry, they were expected to pick up the new shipment of supplies for the mobile hospital just west of the village…
John hesitated, then shook his head. “It’s… I think Sherlock should explain. The important thing is that Moriarty knows a lot more about Sherlock’s Gift than I think any of us would have ever thought possible.”
all right, then?” he asked tentatively. John had looked remarkably calm all this time, as the police searched the building top to bottom.
Young Sherlock’s antisocial tendencies, the byproduct of needing to maintain distance in order to be safe, made him a natural target for his more vindictive classmates. The other boys saw his behavior as the proof of a life of comfort and cosseting, and they sought to rectify the problem, whether Young Sherlock liked it or not.
John finished his tea before he said anything, eyes on his cup. “I promise, Sherlock, I will not be a disadvantage, or an inconvenience.”
“Hm?” said John, blinking and looking over at Sherlock, coming back to earth. “Just clocked out for a minute.”
Moriarty glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, as a wide grin came across his face. “But then, I can afford to be, when it comes to death.”
Needles. Lucky Cat. Black Lotus. The same thing had happened to Sherlock when he was abducted, John remembered that much.
“Sir?” called Donovan’s voice. She had poked her head out of the remains of the front door from the destroyed building across the street, and was looking at Lestrade. “We need you inside.”
Sherlock’s entire mind stood still, for just a second, as a single thought rang through his head like a shot.
So when the hair on the back of his neck suddenly stood on end and something in his mind screamed a warning, without clear cause, Sherlock didn’t question it. Instead, he stepped out of cover and started to run towards the voices in the dark.
“What?” snapped Sherlock, looking between John and Lestrade with a rather irritated expression. “What?”
“Yeah, yeah, it is,” said John, smiling before he retreated inside. “Now that we know the Black Lotus is watching you, I’d like to remind you once again not to get abducted.”
Sherlock glanced down at John’s hand on his arm, careful not to move. “Alone, I think,” he said after a pause, with a very small and incredibly sad smile. “But I appreciate the offer.”
Sherlock’s stomach dropped, and then his heart skipped a beat when the nonexistent company in question spoke up behind him, and said, “Everything all right?”
John was seated in the window, and he looked up in surprise as Sherlock passed in front of the glass to enter the café. Sherlock made a beeline for John’s table and sat opposite him.
Sherlock mutely dropped into a chair near John—leaving one empty between them—and folded in on himself, pressing his fingertips hard against his eyes and sighing heavily.
Lestrade was waiting for Sherlock and John in the flat when they returned. Sherlock prepared to hustle John past Lestrade and out of sight, but instead the policeman stopped John in the living room, and extended a hand.
And finally: I’ve at last determined that there will likely be 50 chapters total to this story (if I could write it forever, I would, but all good things must come to an end at some point…). I haven’t marked that officially on the chapter count just in case, but once I’ve solidified my outline I may do so. Which means we’re 72% of the way through this story as of this update!!
“Should interrogate him,” said Sherlock. He could bring them back. It wasn’t permanent death, not quite yet. That knowledge made the fact that John had apparently shot someone for him feel a little less real.
“He wasn’t really a nice man, was he?” said John, grinning in spite of himself as the knot of guilt that had rested in the pit of his stomach for the last few days finally eased.
In the locker room, John gave himself a few minutes to get himself together. His headache was a distraction, but one that would fade. Thinking, as difficult as it was, helped. John reached up to touch his neck, feeling the skin where he could remember a needle pinching the skin sometime before. How long had he been unconscious? The locker room lights were mostly off, and the glass panes in the poolside door suggested an equally dim room beyond. But then, that didn’t necessarily mean it was late; it just meant that there was no one anywhere near him who might hear if he made a racket.
"Just fine, yeah," said Lestrade, trying to ignore the fact that, in spite of being someone of actual rank and authority, he somehow always turned into Sherlock's assistant whenever they worked together. "We were actually just hoping to catch you. Are you on your way out?"
Over an hour had passed, and John was halfway through making himself lunch when Sherlock returned. “Hey!” he called by way of greeting, leaving his sandwich on the counter. “How’d it go?”
"What if you didn't have to be dead?" Sherlock spoke with a precision one might attribute to trying on walk a mile on shards of glass and not get cut.
That being said, I've got chapters in progress and a (very detailed) plan and I anticipate updates every other week for the near future, and hopefully even more frequently in about a month.
Sherlock raised his hands to shoulder height and took a few steps back as Gruner rounded the desk. In spite of the gun pointed at him, Sherlock felt in control. Gruner was the one in over his head.
Lestrade pointed them in the direction of his squad car, and all three of them hurried to it, John staying close to Sherlock in case he should fall, but Sherlock staggered alone with singular determination.
“You don’t think it’s possible that your ‘security team’ is a little less than secure at the moment, given the circumstances?” Sherlock asked. “You’re the one who’s supposed to have a loyal personal army, but Moran must have had more help than Moriarty.”
Sherlock pulled his hand back from the open door, struggling to bottle up the wave of dread washing over him.
Sherlock didn’t understand, but he decided not to push the matter. He finally nodded to John’s makeshift sling. “Repaired your arm, then? Successful?”
The Bully’s face screwed up into an indignant snarl, and he dropped the book on the ground in order to shove Young Sherlock backwards against the wall, so his head smacked it painfully. “You calling me stupid? You saying I’m stupid, Sherly?“
This was met with silence, as Sherlock kept quiet in order to give John the chance to join in asserting the need for answers. But John’s anticipated response never came.
“Very funny.” Sherlock sighed, and continued, “This isn’t something I ever planned for. And it makes taking Moriarty down much harder than it was to begin with. But more than that, I have to reevaluate so much of what I thought I knew about how my Gift works.” He rubbed his eyes. “Plus death is not an obstacle for him when it comes to getting information or assistance. And I am inclined to think, based on the events of the last few hours, that he is less concerned about the sixty-second rule than I am.”
The dark London streets around them were nearly empty at this hour. A few late-night passerby traversed the night on their way home from their respective pubs, and the distant hum of background traffic was interrupted for only the briefest of seconds by running footsteps as Sherlock, and then John, ran down sidewalks and across parking lots and around bends and under overpasses. Every now and then John would fall inevitably behind, and Sherlock would pause only long enough to call a “come on, John!” before John would start up again.
John, caught up in the leap in information Sherlock had just explained, came out of his reverie and said, “But I heard less than five words and they meant nothing to me.”
“Oh yes,” said Sherlock. “You’ll recall I told you he works for auction houses? Acquisition and provenance verification, that sort of thing.”
But it was possible his reputation for success, with cases of murder and death and locked-door suicides and all of the more gruesome cases imaginable, meant that they knew he could make some damning deduction if he had a body to look at.
Lestrade held up his hands in surrender. “Whatever. Just try not to cause any more disasters in the next couple days, and I’ll see what I can do about getting you two into the morgue to – say sorry, or whatever the hell it is you’re going to do. We can discuss this further over text and figure out what to do about the cabbie and what to do about your new roommate here.”
At the exact same moment, there was a flurry of movement, the voices suddenly urgent, conflicting edges of anger and desperation—and then there was a scream.
The fact that he had not received a reply in over thirty seconds meant he was not the primary topic of interest; when almost two minutes had passed, he knew he was in the clear for the time being. A little unpleasantness could go a long way at this kind of hour. It was approaching one in the morning now.
Back in the kitchen, Sherlock finished editing his notes on the Carl Powers case and emailed them to Lestrade, before he packed up the shoes and samples. Sherlock was confident he’d solved the case in its entirety, and now the paperwork could be given to less intelligent people. Sherlock had better things to do. Namely, get ready for the next puzzle from Moriarty.
“No,” said Lestrade, a little wearily. “You’re the one with the magical powers to hide. You can decide what risks are and aren’t worth taking. If you get in trouble, it’s not my problem—it’s yours.”
“Meaning the moves we make right now are the moves that determine how the rest of the game will play out,” said Sherlock.
“I found out when I was eight,” said Sherlock. “I saw a bird break its neck hitting my bedroom window. I accidentally brought it back.”
Molly beamed at his reply. “Nice to meet you. Officially, I mean. That is—I recognize you. You were a corpse last time, but I remember your face.” She turned bright red and quickly went on, immediately flustered, “Corpse is probably insensitive. Is it? Sorry. You’re the first person I’ve ever spoken to who was dead in my morgue in a non-permanent way. I mean – it’s – I’m making an idiot of myself.”
“I’m not considerate,” retorted Sherlock. “Twenty minutes ago you were complaining I’d almost gotten you killed.”
The first was that he had just called the man John. Which should not be strange, but he had known this man for—check the watch—eight minutes and twelve seconds—and he was not
“I’m not a complete idiot,” Sherlock said. “I wouldn’t have walked into something that I didn’t think I could walk out of. Moriarty’s made it clear that he isn’t done with me just yet. So Moran’s hardly going to kill me in an alley without some kind of prelude. And I thought it would be safer to catch up to him in some random public location. Better that than to meet him in the criminal haven of his choosing.”
Sherlock frowned uncertainly. “What, do you expect me to sit around here wasting time? Running into Lestrade was rather opportune.”
“Can you roll your ankles?” asked John. When Sherlock met this question with silence, John demonstrated, lifting one foot off the ground and rotating it clockwise. “You know, move it around without much pain?”
“Are we going to repeat this a few more times, Inspector, or are you going to give me context?” said Sherlock, adopting a tone of perfect and absolute boredom.
done—seemed to open up a vacuum that was effectively sucking all of the breathable air from the room, leaving him rooted to the spot with his mind both racing to understand and completely and impossibly blank.
“He thinks it’s worth coming here to see for himself,” said Sherlock in exasperation. He’d spent a solid thirty minutes trying to convince Mycroft that there was nothing to worry about, to no avail. “Potential bomb threat and terrorist implications and whatnot.”
Sherlock indicated the box he was carrying. “Of course. I did not think you would want to be kept in suspense. Time is money.”
One of the petals from the dead flowers on the windowsill fell to the ground, and even the soft noise of it hitting the floor seemed loud.
Sherlock would have given just about anything for there to be a spontaneous (and entirely impossible) catastrophic earthquake in the heart of London that was strong enough and violent enough to split the house in half and allow him to escape into the night. But the laws governing geology were just as harsh and unyielding as those governing Sherlock’s Gift.
“Yeah, they do. And it’s also what matters,” said John sharply. “It’s why Sherlock’s spent the last two days trying to come to terms with the fact that you hate him for being honest with you for the first time in years.”
Sherlock led the way back out to the living room. “Apologies,” he said to Soo Lin, as they took their respective seats again. Torn between excitement and nerves, Sherlock’s tone automatically became the tone he used for cases—more focused and decisive. “If you’re
Kitty shook John’s hand brusquely. She was about John’s height, with long wavy red hair that fell below her shoulders. She had a sharp, fierce look about her, and was staggeringly beautiful, though John thought that she looked strained on closer inspection, like she’d been on edge for a long time.
“Deduce. You’ve been looking at me weirdly ever since you found me,” snapped Sherlock. “Clearly you have suspicions.”
“True. And the last one involved blowing up a building on short notice, so I suppose I ought to be more patient.” John sighed. “Did Mycroft find anything out from surveillance, by the way?”
“—could have phoned,” Amberley was saying angrily to Lestrade. “There was no need to drag me all the way out to Essex and to here to find out that no one actually knows anything. I don’t like having my time wast—“
Sherlock pressed one of his hands over hers (after only a fleeting hesitation) in what he thought might be a vaguely comforting gesture. “He’s not going to get away.”
He’d been so sure John was about to make some sort of accusation. He’d been certain. And instead, he’d found himself surprised again.
the most advantageous course of action. We may not see eye to eye, on anything, but that doesn’t mean I want you out of my life. Which is something I understand now, even if it did take me a moment to work that out.” He shifted his feet and coughed lightly, looking awkward. But he did crack the smallest of smiles. “We do occasionally make a rather formidable team, and I’d hate to lose that because of my closed-mindedness.”
tl;dr this story is a very long labor of love and I want to make sure I get it right, even if that means being a little slow >_>
of the Black Lotus' smuggling operation. I did this largely to better incorporate Gruner into the makeup of Moriarty's organization, since this way he has a contact in the museum which supports his position AND it makes the smuggling operation itself look more legitimate. Having an "expert" in Chinese ceramics both within the museum and with an outside auction house/collector means both internal and external validation for the smuggled pieces, and it means that either Gruner or Soo Lin (thru the museum) could guarantee the pieces were sold. It might seem a little trivial but I really wanted everything I've added to the story to be realistic. Plus, I think it adds something to have Soo Lin stand up to the Black Lotus and Moriarty while she's still involved with them; I always thought she was a bit of a badass in the show and I wanted to do more with her character. Hopefully the changes have proved entertaining? :D
