“I’m fine.”  Sherlock answered as he got to his human feet.  Quickly he was at John’s side and then around him, checking him out from all angles.
“He is a pompous git who has come to court…. One Charles Augustus Magnussen… Or Milverton.  He’s used both names.”
“Yes…” I answered, my body moving to counter his movements.  It felt wonderful.  I wanted him.  I wanted inside of me and surrounding me.  But I was content with feeling his hand take me with sure, even strokes.
“Tell me about your meeting of our new king.”  Sherlock requested as he lay naked on his side, one arm casually thrown over John’s waist.
John watched in surprise as his king desperately prepared himself.  Reaching down he rubbed his fingers against his king’s to get them oily and then pushed his own fingers into the tight orifice.
Five days later John was able to enter the flat without Sherlock retreating to his room.  They didn’t speak of what happened and Sherlock made sure to keep all of his clothes on.
The boy stood, his fingers dripping with the water he had been playing in.  A wide grin covered his face.
“That is what it means to be my lover… And it’s only fair since I have to give you up for a time while you perform your husbandly duty.”
Sherlock smiled at Mary, assessing her a moment before returning his attention to John.  “She is very pretty.  She will make you plenty of worthy heirs.  When do you marry?”
But the truth is that I had been flirting with death from the moment I saw John with a ring box for Mary.  It was the moment I knew that I had lost John forever.  And I knew there would never be anyone else for me.  Each moment spent with them had been a nail in the coffin that ensured my own death.  With Mary gone…
Pale blue eyes stared at him for a long moment before releasing him to stare down at his own body.  “Mycoft always said my needs will be the end of me… That I should ignore them.”
I smiled and continued to rub us together.  My body wanted desperately to mount him and ride until I forgot my own name.  But I held back to the lowest key seduction I could imagine.  Sucking his cock would have been too intimate.  Stroking him off wasn’t intimacy enough.  Rubbing us together, even barricaded by his pants seemed like the easiest way to get him off.
John shrugged.  “Young.  Small.  He had… Wild dark curls and pale eyes.  I am told he looked a lot like his mother.  But the queen died in childbirth, bringing him into the world.”
Sherlock managed to take a couple of steps, enough to find support on the door of the house he was staying at.  Something hard and hot breeched him and he cried out as the magnificent cock slid home within him.  It was unlike anything he had ever imagined during masturbation.  It was more than fingers or a dildo.  There was a living, breathing male daring to touch him in ways he had only dreamed about.
“You should have someone do that for you.”  Sherlock remarked from where he lay, staring up at the ceiling.
“You don’t even know me.” John remarked as he sat on the leather couch, staring up at the man who paced the living room.  “How do you know I’m not some nut?”
“Gods… Sherlock…” John moaned, reaching down to touch the curly head between his thighs.  “Why am I even getting married?”
“What was she talking about?  Did you plan for us to go out after our meeting with Scott Trevor?” John asked.
Ok, guys... Season 4 gave me very little to work with before turning into a Scooby Doo episode ("Jinkies!  It was old lady Holmes the whole time!").  I really have no idea where to go with this, thanks to Season 4.  I'll just put this here and then hammer out a fix-it ending that DOESN'T involve John beating the crap out of a suicidal Sherlock.  Happy thoughts!  We're almost done.  Just this bit of angst.  It was so hard to write... But I needed to get something down.
I ran through everything John had said recently about Eurus.  My sister had pretended to be his therapist and shot him with a tranquilizer dart.  Perhaps she had done something to him while he was unconscious.  “No.”
I turned away, unable to look at her.  Inside my chest I could feel my heart clench, making it difficult to breathe properly.  “Stop it.”
John sat beside him, nuzzling against Sherlock’s neck.  “You’ve never taken your clothes off before.”
Sherlock Holmes knew that his new flatmate was a former slave, he just wasn’t sure what kind.  There were many slaves… some cleaned house, some raised children.  Others fought in wars for their masters.  It was obvious that John Watson had been some sort of slave, but he had earned his freedom.
“You don’t strike me as the traditional sort of Omega that wants to belong to an Alpha.  I could be wrong… But this is the second time you have brought up being bitten.”
John got out and stood behind a clearly frustrated consulting detective.  “A man, then.  You can marry a man.”
They were together for two weeks.  For two weeks they shared pleasure multiple times a day.  There was more sex than Sherlock could even imagine having with anyone, much less a wild forest god.  Because that’s what John was… A forest god.
John stared down at his fried rice and nodded.  “You’re right… my mother had me while she was still a slave.”
Sherlock sat up and pulled off the shirt.  For a moment he stayed where he was as if he was unsure what to do before laying down on his belly.
“You should wear more… If you’re cold.”  John whimpered, placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders to hold himself steady.
I noticed that John was still and glanced up to see him looking at me as I continued to kneel on the floor.  “You said ‘anything.’”
“Yeah… That’s a good word for it.” John gave another sigh and shut his eyes.  “You’re going back on suppressants, aren’t you?”
Irene followed the group and then noticed Sherlock sitting off by himself.  “Why don’t you go play with them?”
Watson sat up on his throne.  The former military general turned ruler blinked at the gifts that were set before him.  Many of his new subjects brought treasures or food.  Some brought animals.  Watson wasn’t expecting slaves.
John turned away from us and took deep, cleansing breaths.  “I didn’t know she was your sister.  I told you… She was just some woman on the bus.  Later she was my therapist.  And then I found out she was your sister.  She knew who I was.  She may have targeted me to get to you.”
Watson pulled out his handkerchief and used it in his right hand to cover the tip.  His left hand wrapped around the detective’s cock.
Over the course of the evening he ate a little too much food and drank a little too much wine.  Before he knew it he and Mary were whisked away to their bedchamber for their first night.  As he lay naked, panting for air he wondered if he had imagined Sherlock rubbing his thigh during the feast to keep him hard.
I lost my grip on my bow, the violin making a guttural squeal of protest.  Not trusting my fingers, I lowered by right hand.  “Oh?”  My eloquence was lost.  Perhaps she meant she had conversed with John.
“The teeth marks… distinctly human with prominent canines… that’s the bite of a werewolf in the early part of their transformation… or the late part if it was dawn.”
The bushes nearby continued to move and John was very much aware that something was watching him.  Every so often he checked the bush with his torch to try and catch a glimpse of whatever was lingering.
John Watson fed another stick into his small camp fire.  Had he reached his destination he would have been required to build a bonfire big enough to discourage the creature that was being hunted from escaping into the country side.  In the middle of the woods it served no purpose but for the very basic need for warmth.
Molly took a deep breath.  “Do you want some tea?  I’ll go make some tea.  Why don’t you put on some clothes and come have tea with me?”
John crawled to the faucet and twisted the tap.  Experimentally he sniffed, and tasted it before spitting it out.  “It’s water.”
John didn’t have the heart to tell him that he was already begging.  Scooting back again, he dismounted and helped the detective remove his sweats completely, leaving him face down, naked and vulnerable.  “How do you want this?”
“What are you doing?”  John asked with interest as Sherlock plucked another flower from him to add to the contents of his hand.  It was making a sort of paste.
John’s fingers traced the spine all the way down to the small of the detective’s back.  His body scooted back to straddle the brunette’s thighs as he followed one scar into the waistband of Sherlock’s sweats.  It wasn’t entirely erotic to touch Sherlock in this way… And yet he was still excited from the near kisses on the couch.  Leaning forward, he kissed Sherlock’s spine.
John waited until he heard Mycroft leave the building before turning back to Sherlock and nuzzling his reddened cheeks.  Handing Sherlock the disc he continued to nuzzle, pushing the human back towards the couch.  “You’re upset.  I can smell your anxiety.”
“I know how you feel about marriage.  That it’s just a piece of paper to formalize…” John lost his words for a moment.  Licking his lips, he started again.  “Rosie already calls you daddy.  You can legally be her stepfather.”
Sherlock turned in one graceful movement to stare at the man who had called out to him.  “Lord Magnussen… Or is it Milverton today?”
John reached out and allowed Lestrade to shake his hand.  Pulling his hand away he sniffed it before resting it at his side.
John’s eyes rolled back in head feeling the warm splatter.  And then he realized Sherlock’s hand was damp as it stroked him, teasing his scrotum and his ass.  “God, Sherlock…” John moaned.  One glance down told him that Sherlock was using the considerably large puddle of cum on him.  A finger tickled at his ass and he cried out, feeling himself release into the warm, wet mouth.
What had lured our dear detective out on a moonless night?  A man at the window with horns on his head.
“A bloody good one, I imagine.”  Sherlock answered, pushing his fingers into John’s tight orifice.  “Better than I…”
John entered the bedroom and made a face at the scent of ripe Omega.  “I told Molly to take Rosie to the park.”  Taking a step towards the bed, he looked me over critically.  “You don’t look so good.”
“Mm…” Sherlock gave a non-committal hum.  His body needed more but he didn’t want to scare John away.
John looked at me with surprise and shock on his face.  “You’ve done that before.  I’m not your first?”
With a sigh Sherlock got up on his hands and knees, facing the one way mirror so his upper body blocked the view of anyone watching them.  It also served to present his arse to John.  Sherlock was pleasantly surprised when John took the hint and arranged himself between the detective’s feet.
“Oh… Gods…” John moaned and unconsciously bucked his hips, pushing himself deep within Sherlock’s warm mouth.
“No more talk about babies.  Stay with Nana.”  Sherlock instructed Rosie and then took John’s hand and helped him up from the table.  “John, let’s go on a walk.”
“Don’t be silly, Lord John.  Why would I want his head stinking up my court?  At least feed him to the flesh-eating beetles first.”
John leaned in and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.  It wasn’t deep or passionate… At first.  But when Sherlock cried out in surprise he found John’s tongue tease his own.
I found myself with my ass in the air and my shoulders on the mattress.  I was in pure bliss.  John’s fingers probed and prodded until he opened me enough to push inside.  I still felt the burn and the sense of being full, but it was bearable.  John’s cock seemed to know where to rub inside of me and I could see stars.
It seemed they were at a stalemate.  John stared down at his bare foot.  His ankle was normal sized.  Casually he rubbed it against his other foot, still in the shoe.  “How about I remove something and ask a question.  You answer?”
Rosie grew.  Small things amused her.  Her king was her favorite person.  Whenever she was fussy or fitful she would calm immediately when placed in Sherlock’s arms.  It was as if he had a gift… Or at least her wet nurse claimed it was so.
John found himself on the ground as the coils loosened.  Scrambling to his feet he kicked the coils as hard as he could.
Sherlock moaned as his body fucked John’s fist, pushing back against the other man.  “Please, John… please…”
“I could get used to this.”  John stated as he lay face down upon the rock, allowing the sun to warm his backside.
There was no way she knew what difficulty meant unless she too went into heat and was abandoned in the middle of it.  “You don’t know…”
“You’re just going to go at it like a couple of animals?”  Moriarty asked from where he sat on the chair.
Sherlock pulled off and smirked at John.  “No.  No gag.  You can fuck my throat as hard as you need.”  Impishly he licked John’s tip before swallowing him again.  A third finger was added to the stretch.
“Sherlock… That happened.  We talked about being broken and then you fell asleep.  I let you sleep.”
“You don’t think I boiled Moriarty’s skull to present it to you, do you?  But that’s not important right now.”
I have a new icon!  Isn't it pretty?  (pets it)  I've been painting lately.  The painting is called "Little Sherlock" and the style is inspired by Margaret Keane's Big Eyed Waifs.
The next day was spent with Sherlock trying to ignore Greg as much as possible.  John talked to Greg as if they were old friends.  Sherlock found that annoying.
John liked women.  It was reasonable to believe that he would want to be the penetrating partner.  I didn’t mind.  The thought of John taking his pleasure from me made my heart flutter, and my cock hard.
“I was unaware slavery was still in practice here.”  Sherlock’s voice spoke.  “We don’t have it where I come from.  I don’t see the point in ordering someone to serve my bed.  I’m not that sort of ruler.”
Giving a few experimental thrusts he found that his penis really liked the friction.  John seemed to like it too if his whispers of encouragement were any indication.  “Like this?”
“This isn’t our home.  We’re guests here… Argh!”  The cry escaped him because Mary trod on his foot.  “Well… It’s true.”
“Well… I’m already prepared for you.”  Adjusting his seat, he pushed Sherlock into place and sat down upon him, keeping his eyes on his king.  “You must promise to live too… If something happens to me.”
“I can be… For you.”  Sherlock answered as he once again undid John’s trousers and slid them down his thighs.
“He will be.”  Sherlock grinned at him and ran his hand through his curls.  “May I sleep in your bed chamber tonight?”
John made a face and pushed down his pants to reveal his impressive erection.  Regardless of his state of mind, his body reacted to my scent.  “No, of course not.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  The exposure to the gas had been brief and he could feel his own body’s reaction to the side effects.  “We can find you someone… Someone to…”
“Damn centaurs…” Moriarty muttered.  Behind him Sherlock was released and dumped to the ground without care.  The faun landed in a heap.  “I’ll be back later to play!”  And with that he slithered off.
“Right…” Watson sat down in his chair to regard the three.  “Well… I don’t actually need slaves.  But I accept his gift… It would have been rude not to.  My soldiers call me Lord John.  Watson is my family name.  I’m sure we can find work for you three.  What other skills do you have?  Molly?  What can you do?”
With a grunt and a desperate movement of limbs Sherlock managed to roll on top of John, grinding against him.  “Like this?”
“Don’t forget to fill out your logs as to who you serviced and for how long.  Turn off the camera.”  And with the order the video ended.
“Yeah… That’s a good word for it.” John gave another sigh and shut his eyes.  “You’re going back on suppressants, aren’t you?”
Sherlock felt something die inside of him.  There had been something rising within him… Hope, need.  Hunger.  And with John’s words they came crashing down upon him.  The back of his throat seized up and he found the corners of his eyes sting as his vision blurred.  It took him several moments to realize he was about to cry.  Horrified at the idea of John seeing, he turned away and hastily climbed out of bed.  Trembling fingers found his robe and he pulled it on.
John lay there, feeling the warmth blossom on his hip, aware that Sherlock had spilled his seed for the first time since his arrival.  Casually he reached down and touched the wetness, bringing his dampened fingers to his line of vision.
John took a deep breath and removed the dog tags, dropping them onto his pile of clothing.  There was one more question.  But his mind was blank.  His mind was consumed by the once human who stood before him as if he was a myth come alive.  Furry legs, horns and raging hard cock ready for fucking.  “Why did you pick me?”
“I heard what Eurus said when you were alone with her.”  John hinted.  “Are you sure there isn’t something you want to tell me?”
“No…” Molly murmured and rubbed her face.  “I meant the person you are fixated with.  You call out their name constantly.  They can harm you and you go back for more.”
Slowly she peeled off an elbow length black glove and with her final note tossed it into the audience.  As luck would have it, Bill Murray caught it with an excited “whoop” and showed it to his table of soldiers.
That night Sherlock did not come to bed.  John was alone and cold in their nest.  The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea of bringing a friend so Sherlock could socialize with other Fae.
“Stop apologizing and do it already!” Sherlock managed to bite out.  Fingers probed him… And then one slipped inside.  Oh, it was bliss!  John Watson’s finger gently teased the anal rim.  Sherlock desperately wanted more.  “More!”
“Oh, Sherlock…” Molly approached my chair and crouched down before me, looking up at my attempts to cover my tears.  “I’m so sorry.”
His legs felt heavy as he got to his feet.  “As you wish, master.”  Quickly he made his way to his bedroom and shut the door.  Shedding his pajamas he lounged upon the bed, unsure how to position himself in the most pleasing position.  What would John want to see?  What would make John want to fuck him?  In the end he decided that simplicity was best and he lay atop the duvet, hands folded on his chest.  Time seemed to stand still.  A glance at the clock showed him that only five minutes had passed.  What was taking John so long?  Already his erection was beginning to wane.  After fifteen minutes he rolled over onto his side and pulled his knees to his chest, staring at the clock… Watching each passing minute.
John was grateful for the break in tension, so he immediately ducked out of the corner space and into the garden proper.  “Here I am.”  Quickly he scooped up his daughter to carry her towards the house.
The faun reached out and took John’s ankle in his hands, causing the soldier to startle and begin to protest.  “It’s alright.  I won’t hurt you.”  The faun stated and squeezed the joint between warm hands.
“John,” I sighed.  “Why would I fake it?  We’re married.  You’re my husband.  Rosie is our daughter.  If anything, you’d be the one to fake it.”
John waited until the embrace relaxed before pulling away to look up at Sherlock’s tear stained face.  “Is the idea of sharing a bed with me that terrifying?”
The faun rolled his eyes at him and shook his head.  “You must leave all mortal things behind.”  It was said as if it was the simplest logic in the world.
“You are going the wrong way.”  The faun announced.  “I will lead you back to your house.  Follow me.”
John scooted down and pulled Sherlock’s trousers off, tossing them away so only his tunic remained.  “What do you want, Lord Sherlock?”
“I cannot.  You are my king…” John’s words faltered at the end, allowing the betrayal he felt to color his words.
Sherlock looked surprised and shook his head.  “With my family history?  It’s a gamble I’m not willing to make.”
“I will never marry the Woman… Any woman.  No women!”  The cab had pulled up outside of 221 Baker Street and Sherlock hastily departed, throwing some notes at the cabbie.
Sherlock pushed the chair back from the table, watching as John followed him, intent on undoing the trousers and working down the pants.  “John… I’m a little busy right now.”
“It doesn’t matter… I’ll track him down!  I’ll stuff his cock into his own mouth and see how he likes it!”
John’s eyes went wide and he looked between the two of us.  “I don’t remember… I remember hitting him but it was like someone else was doing it.  I don’t recall anything about being alone together…”
“You’re bothering my mate.  You have to leave now.”  John advanced on Mycroft who was still near the doorway.  “Perhaps you can find out where Sebastian went…  There must be some tracking on us.  I remember something was embedded in my neck before my first trip outside the compound.”
“You would use sentiment against me.”  Watson answered.  “This is not the arrangement we made back when I offered to treat your hysteria.  I can understand your desire to touch.  I acknowledge your need to not be alone while you take relief.  But sentiment goes too far.”
John nodded silently and then lay back down on the bed, his head on the pillow this time.  “You’re going back tomorrow?”
Lord John set down the parchment he received.  “His highness asks for my presence at court within the week.”  John stated aloud to his near constant companion, Lestrade.
In the summer Sherlock went without clothing, opting instead of a bed sheet draped around his body.  John made no comment on his bed sheet but the former soldier did look… How could he not?  And when Sherlock felt particularly naughty he arranged himself on the couch with only a small corner of the sheet to tastefully cover his genitals, watching John go about his day.  Occasionally he “accidentally” pulled the corner of sheet away and met John’s eyes defiantly.
“Not going to lock yourself in the bathroom again?”  John asked as he toed off his shoes and sat down on the bed.
I have so many disappointments and feels about the new season.  You know what I have to write in the next few chapters, don't you?  Bleh...
“It’s Sherlock.”  Sherlock kissed John’s lips and then kissed a wet trail down his body, taking particular interest in chest, belly and cock.
John kissed the palm of his hand before taking it in his own hands.  “How about we turn down the heat and I take you to bed?”
Sherlock started to tremble and then fidget.  When her lips touched his shaft he nearly jumped out of the chair.  Desperately he looked around the flat, his eyes landing on John.
A being stepped out of the shadows.  It was shaped like a man from the waist up.  His legs were some sort of animal with cloven hooves.  Between his legs hung a magnificent cock.
“We are where a young William Sherlock Scott Holmes learned to smoke.”  Sherlock answered, leaning against the tree and pulling John to stand facing him.
John cursed and sprinted down the hallway, his feet nearly slipping out from under him as he crossed the wood and stone floor.  Sherlock had gone to meet Magnussen without any protection.  Behind him Lestrade crashed into a wall with a metallic crunch of his armor and cursed.  “This way!”  Lord John urged.  Vaguely he knew the layout of this part of the castle from Sherlock’s planning.
“Warg?”  Sherlock frowned and looked to Lestrade.  “Was this body found in connection to a full moon?”
Unfortunately... Halfway through my computer decided it would shut off and not turn on again.  I took it to a repair place and they told me my hard drive was corrupted so the computer couldn't boot up.  I took it to a data recover place because my whole life was on that computer and I did not have anything backed up.  $1,000 later I recovered my doc files and the first half of my Nanowrimo novel.  Very expensive life lesson?  Back up your hard drive regularly.  To be fair... $200 of that was for a 1 TB external hard drive to put my rescued files on.  I could have told them that my laptop was only 2 years old and only had a few GB of data... But they went with the big drive.
Mary was the daughter of one of Lord John’s captains, one of his banner men.  Captain Morstan died in battle leaving only a daughter.  With no male heirs to claim his lands her hand was sought after.  The common folk adored her for she was kind and thoughtful.  During harvest festival she was crowned as the Harvest Queen.  Lord John placed a wreath of wheat upon her head and watched with interest as she resided over the festivities.
John settled himself on Sherlock’s legs, face in his king’s crotch.  “Where is that naughty lord posing as a bed slave who had his way with me over and over again?”  Lightly he licked Sherlock’s cock.
“There is something you need to know about John.”  Mycroft murmured, glancing at where the doctor stood, talking to Greg.
The brunette’s body stirred and he pulled off to lounge beside John, his eyes scanning the other man’s body.  “You didn’t…”
“He brought me here and now he’s sending me away!”  John shot back, vaguely indicating the south tower.
John had never heard a name like it.  “My name is John Watson.”  Peeling off the sock, he stuffed it into the shoe.  “What do you want?”
There was no way she knew what difficulty meant unless she too went into heat and was abandoned in the middle of it.  “You don’t know…”
John leaned in and lightly kissed Sherlock on the lips.  Sherlock blinked as the faun pulled back, unsure what to make of action.  Was the kiss the payment?  Or was there something more?  The faun leaned in to kiss him again, deepening the kiss.  Suddenly Sherlock was hungry for the contact and wrapped his arms around the being before him, kissing him deeply.  Between them a heavy cock pressed against the front of the detective’s trousers.
Sherlock stared… he couldn’t help it.  Bed slaves were the one slave that no one talked about.  They were the dirty little secret of the English Empire.  Many men and women of means would keep one to satisfy themselves.  They were considered an indulgence… a plaything.  Sherlock’s father had kept a female bed slave named Jasmine that he often took to bed instead of Sherlock’s mother.
The king stood and closed the distance between them.  “What is that supposed to mean?  You don’t think I can count?”
“Shut up.” John whispered dangerously.  “Why didn’t you take your suppressants?  You knew what would happen if no Alpha was around to help you.  You could have died.”
John couldn’t see.  His eyes were covered and there was something in his mouth.  All he could do was hear.  His hands were tied behind his back and he was lying on his side on a cold floor.
“Hey…” John reached up and touched the cut on Sherlock’s face.  “You haven’t told me how you got that.”
John got up and wandered off to the bathroom.  I waited until he was out before doing the same.  I had to clean the semen from my body.  It was a sticky reminder of what we had done.  I returned to my bedroom to find John curled up in my bed.  His clothes still lay scattered on the floor.  I joined him and set the alarm to go off thirty minutes before Molly was expected to arrive to give us time to make ourselves presentable should we both fall asleep.  Climbing into bed, I felt John shift beside me, resting his head on my shoulder and wrapping his arm around my waist.  And for a time I wondered if he even knew whom he was resting against.
Sherlock made a face.  “It’s funny, really…  Ironic, I suppose.  Voracious sexual appetite and no one to share it with.”
“You what?  Love me?  I know that.  I love you too.”  John reached out to run a hand through the dripping hair, causing curls to form on one side.
John entered the room and stood beside the bed, looking down at his king, and his daughter.  His eyes were red and swollen from crying.  “I’m sorry.”
The half lidded eyes closed as the detective smiled, lethargic after his orgasm.  Eyelids fluttered open as he glanced down at John’s hand.  “You can use my mouth.”
John reached up to pull Sherlock down on top of him, writhing beneath him and reveling in the sounds of Sherlock’s gasps and moans in his ear.  One arm was wrapped around the detective’s shoulders, the other hand holding his hip and his butt, pulling him deeper.
“Oh no you don’t!” Moriarty whispered, covering John’s mouth with his hand.  “Be a good pony and do as you’re told.”
“It was a ruse to gain entry into your household… That is true.”  Sherlock mused.  “But it wasn’t to harm you.  There is a man in your army… A very dangerous man.  His name is Moriarty but you wouldn’t know him by that name.  I had to get close in order to find him.  My brother had to pay tribute… He planned to send bed slaves.  A male and a female because he didn’t know your taste in bed partners.  What is one more bed slave?  Once in your bed I could do my work.”
“But she’s my baby.”  John whispered, looking down at the curly blonde headed nymph that softly snored between them.  Already she was five years old.  It seemed like only yesterday when she had been baptized.  But so many events had happened after her baptism.  Mary’s death.  Moving back in with Sherlock.  Rosie’s first words and first steps…  Her calling Sherlock “da” for the first time.
Sherlock froze, eyes wide.  “You met a siren?  Did she touch you?  Did she… Kiss you?”  Immediately the faun got up and looked John over.  “You don’t look drowned.”
John continued to pace the hallway, working off excess energy by traveling between 221A and 221C.  Occasionally he climbed the stairs to 221B but he always came back down again.  It was the night of the full moon and his body craved touch but his pack mate ignored him.  The four days since John left the flat not once did Sherlock come looking for him.
“I love you.”  I almost didn’t hear his admission because his lips were pressed against my own.  Too soon the blood was rushing to my head and I couldn’t hear over the sound of my own breathing.  Slowly the world returned to normal and I felt John still grinding in a desperate motion.  In two thrusts he finally collapsed and I was aware of the combined wet on our stomachs.
“A little.  But you’re warm.”  John’s hand drifted down until it rested on Sherlock’s hip.  The other hand rested on the top of Sherlock’s backside.  “You’re warm.”
“You don’t strike me as the traditional sort of Omega that wants to belong to an Alpha.  I could be wrong… But this is the second time you have brought up being bitten.”
The last thing I remembered as the room completely darkened was John whispering, “Damnit, Sherlock!”  And then there was nothing.
John paused, staring down at the consulting detective.  “I can’t be your master.  Because I’m not anyone’s master.”
“Very much alive, actually… and drooling on my trouser leg.  Tell me what you know about the warg program.”
“No, you’re not.” Molly replied, biting her lips for a moment as she studied me.  “He did that to you.”
“You were very young.” Trevor admitted.  “You were completely devastated by his disappearance.  You were too young to deal with the trauma… The loss.”  Pulling his hands from the blotter to cross over his chest, he sat back in his chair.  “For a long time I had hope.  I hoped that he had merely been kidnapped and raised by another family.  At least he would have had a chance to grow up… Maybe have a family of his own.  Are you married, Sherlock?”
Sherlock swallowed hard and reached out to lightly touch the dog tags that rested on John’s chest.  “You have to remove these… John Watson.”  Sherlock’s eyes lingered on the letters on the tag for a long moment.
John complied, rolling on top and pushing himself back inside Sherlock’s tight heat.  With a roll of his hips he established a rhythm.
“No!  I don’t want that!”  John huffed and turned around so he could face his king.  “You cannot die, your highness.  I forbid it.”
Their ride back to Baker Street was in silence.  John found himself playing with his ring, going over details from their conversation with Victor Trevor’s father.  “Why do you think he asked if you were married?”
John whimpered and began to move.  “Oh Gods…” But now he was aware of his words and he bit his lips as he began his needful tempo.  It had been a long time since his last bedding.  Hands and mouths didn’t count.  It had been years since his last bed partner had looked at him the same way Sherlock did now… With a lustful fire in his eyes and a smirk on his perfect lips.  John kissed the other lord’s lips.
“No!  Wait, stop!”  Sherlock caught John around the waist and pulled him back down on the bed.  “He’s gone.”
At some point in the case Sherlock had to dress up.  The peacock made her appearance as John watched from afar this time.  Men were interested, of course they were interested.  Sherlock was beautiful as a man or a woman.  The mask did nothing to hide his beauty.  This time the peacock was red.  “A phoenix, John.”  Sherlock had told him as the detective prepared.  The dress looked like something Jessica Rabbit wore.  This time around John could watch as Sherlock carefully dressed.  Breasts were in place, hips were padded to give Sherlock a feminine shape.  Fishnet stockings were held up by garters and feet slipped into red shoes.  Curls were carefully styled to resemble an up do.  Lips were reddened and the mask added.  “How do I look?”
Sherlock made a face and indicated John should follow him.  All three returned to John’s chamber.  Sherlock set the body guard outside the room before turning his attention to John.  “Moriarty.  I came here to find him.  He’s here.  You just saw his handiwork.  He must be stopped.”
“No!”  John interrupted him.  “You are going to lay down on that bed and I am going to shag you silly.
“Goodnight, John.  I’ll see you later, Rosie sweetie.  Sherlock.”  Her final goodbye had just a hint of hardness to it.  Within a minute she was gone, leaving John and Sherlock alone with Rosie.
John stood in the doorway, watching the scene, his eyes flicking back and forth between a horrified Mary and a drained Sherlock.
I scrambled back towards the bed, kneeling on the floor.  John stood before me with only his vest on.  I reached for him, pulling him into my space.  I nuzzled between his legs, finding his penis to be half erect as my mouth took him.  I could swallow him all the way down.  Vaguely I was aware of him cursing above me, his hands scrambled to clutch at my head or the bed behind me.
Her voice was sweet and wonderful.  John wanted to crawl into her lap but something small held him back.  “I’m John.  Who are you?”
John looked at me and gave a smug grin before getting up and walking into the room, shutting the door behind him.  Quickly he toed off his shoes and removed everything from the waist down.
I decided not to tell John about the pregnancy.  Too much happened too quickly for us to really talk about it.  First he was shot with a tranquilizer by my sister posing as his therapist… I found out I had a sister whom I had forgotten.  John recovered but then a grenade was set off in my flat.  Mycroft took us to Sherrinford.
Lestrade pushed past Lord John to enter the room.  He knelt to stare down at the man bleeding out on the floor.  “You’ve been practicing.”
It's over!  I'm done with it.  Now I shall go back and take out the "impromptu throne."  This went way off target from what I originally had planned (John had conquered a land).  And now it's done!  And I even put in elements from Season 4, Episode 3... Are you happy?  Please say you're happy.  Do you have a favorite scene?  Mine is how I describe Magnussen/Milverton.  He's my favorite Sherlock Holmes villain.
Several thoughts ran through my head.  My motives were jealousy, selfishness, and horniness.  Finally I settled in a safe and simple answer.  “You’re my husband.”
John took a deep breath and then shifted their position so he was straddling Sherlock’s hips.  “No… You can take me.”
They snuggled together that night, unaware of what the future had in store to test their commitment.  But for that night it was enough of a promise to give them hope.
I leaned against the door and slid down to sit.  I could smell myself as a fresh wave of slick rolled down my thighs, accompanied by semen.  It was a fresh reminder that John sacrificed his own sensibilities to save my life, not because he wanted to but because he had to.  Instinct made me rub my scent against the floor.  I got up on my hands and knees and returned to the bed, leaving a trail of slick on the floor.  It was an open invitation for an Alpha to claim me… Breed me… Make me their own.  At that moment I could take any Alpha that walked through my front door.  It just happened to be John.
“I won’t hurt you.”  Opening his mouth, John took the human deep down his throat.  His tongue laved the underside of the cock as his lips made contact with the base.  Bobbing a few times, his eyes flicked up to assess Sherlock’s progress.
Sherlock knelt on the ground beside John.  “It could be worse.  And it’s probably not the only thing you have.  You’re half horse.  I bet you can run like the wind.”  The faun offered the centaur a grin.
Sherlock stared at his friend… His ONLY friend, naked and torn by the task he had been given… To shag Sherlock.  Sherlock had every confidence that John would succeed.  After all, John enjoyed sex.  John wasn’t an awkward, exploratory fumble with a roommate at uni.  John had experience and skill.  So why was he giving Sherlock a look of pity?  Oh… Sherlock hadn’t yet replied.  “Is there a problem?”
“Because you’re my mate… and I get to share my body with you… and you get to share your body with me.  I’ll have a part of you inside of me… and you’ll leave a part of yourself there even after you pull out.  For another werewolf sniffing me it proof that we belong together in the same pack… that you mounted me.”  As he spoke John caressed Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock never wanted to be king.  On some level he knew that he would one day be forced to sit on his father’s throne.  The idea of groveling of servants filled him with dread.  What he wanted more than anything else in the world was to be free.  It was a daydream he often had while he was sitting with his tutors, learning about affairs of state.  Mycroft was free, for he was a bastard.  There was never any expectation on him to rule or take a wife and sire heirs.  When Sherlock was still very young he realized he didn’t particularly care for females.  It was the males that interested him.
John was never hers because he has always been mine.  Even when he was with Mary he was mine.  I know that now.
“Did it ever occur to m’lord than I may know where he is going, better than he does?  Begging your pardon, but I was raised here.”
John frowned.  “I have not been called to court… At least not yet.  Last I saw of our present king he was still a prince.  He was… Still a child.”
“Isn’t it a little chilly for that?”  John remarked as he passed on his way to the kitchen to make himself tea.
“I did not say that.”  Watson answered as he wiped his hand on his handkerchief.  “I will not give in to your seduction while we may be discovered by our landlady.  Should she go out, then perhaps...”
“Wouldn’t want that.”  Magnussen sneered and undid the lacings of his trousers.  With a turn he let loose a stream of urine into a nearby vase, letting it splash onto the stone floor with his carelessness before he was through.  With a shake he deposited his cock back into his trousers and tied them again.  “Gods save the king.”  And with that he slipped away.
John made a face and stole one of Sherlock’s dumplings, stuffing it into his mouth with mirthful glee and a waggle of his eyebrows.
Sherlock closed his eyes and rested his head against John’s, taking in the sensation of a warm, wet body pressed against him.  It was like nothing he had ever known before.  “I could sleep like this.”
It wasn’t a particularly bad place to be stranded overnight.  The tree gave him shelter.  The stream provided water.  The ache of his ankle demanded his attention and he unlaced the boot to remove it and his sock.  The stream also provided cold to bring down the swelling.  With his trousers rolled up, he set his foot into the water and allowed the chill to work.
Molly gave a sigh and a roll of her eyes.  “He bit you!  He bit you someplace you won’t show me.  That’s not right… Not unless you asked for it.”
“She did.”  Sherlock responded as he stepped into view.  His cheek was bleeding and it dripped onto his blue silk shirt.  “Sorry I’m late.”
But Sherlock would never be “retired” or set free like John had been… left to his own devices to find a place in a feral pack.  No… his family would hunt him down and drag him to the altar if they could get their hands on him… if his work and lifestyle didn’t disgust all the women they set in his path.  Cultured women of his status didn’t like body parts in the fridge or eyeballs in the microwave.
John took it and sipped at the contents, finding it to be delicious.  Another swallow and it was gone.  The cup was set down on the table.
“She wants her father.  But her father isn’t here.  I will stand in his place.” Sherlock sat on a chair as he patted the child’s back.
Sherlock worked his way back up John’s body, keeping his fingers in John as he went.  “My John…” His lips reverently kissed John’s sternum.  “I plan to exhaust you before your wedding.”
“Shh… shh… I know, Pup.  Just take deep breaths.”  John rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and continued to rub the human’s belly.  “I’m not going to hurt you.”  His fingers opened Sherlock’s trousers and prompted the other man to push them and his pants down his thighs.  Leaning down he breathed in the heady musk from Sherlock’s manhood, which stood on proud display.  “Trust me?”
Another grunt and more cum erupted onto the already saturated grass.  “Mate… I need to mate with you.”
Sherlock shifted his attention to the scar on John’s shoulder.  “This is a badge of honor.  You won it while in my service.”  Lightly he kissed the scar, licking it.  “If you are that concerned… Bed her in the darkness.”  Sherlock crawled down John’s body to lick his cock.  “I, myself, prefer bedding you when I can see you.”  And with that Sherlock swallowed John down to the base, humming softly as he bobbed.
“The maids have been providing the bridal chamber with meals from the kitchens.”  Lestrade responded.  “Your highness?”
Sherlock moaned and squirmed out of the chair, facing it he rested his body on the seat and pushed down his trousers.  “Please?”
“I know that.” Greg crossed his arms over his chest.  “We’re still friends.  I’m not here to steal your mate, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
John nodded, glancing down at where Sherlock’s fingers disappeared inside of him.  “A long time ago.”
John’s muzzle pulled away and the werewolf shifted into his human form, still under the table between Sherlock’s legs.  His fingers undid the zip and button of Sherlock’s trousers.
The room was lit by a fire in the hearth.  The bed was unmade as if Sherlock had been using it before he had met John in his study.  For a moment he looked around, trying to find the best place to meet his fate.  And he remembered the moment he had first met Sherlock, placed before him as an offering.  Quickly he went to his knees on the hearth.  The door made a sound and he bowed as the sex slaves had done almost a year before.  The door opened and shut.  Footsteps entered the room and stopped before him.
John shook his head.  “I’m really close.”  Crawling forward, he lounged beside his lover, continuing his movements.  “Kiss me.”
“It could rain if I wanted it to.” Sherlock announced from where he sat, sulking on the sun bathing rock.
“Even if you don’t want me…  I’m still yours.  I’ll stay here until my dying day and you never have to touch me or think of me in that way.  But I will stay and I will be content with just my right hand for company.  Please, Sherlock… For the love of God, say something.”  Did he really just casually mention masturbation to Sherlock?  Not that he had a lot of opportunity to masturbate these days.  Usually it was limited to the shower and even then Sherlock had no concept of privacy and often walked in to brush his teeth or use the toilet.  The bathroom door in Sherlock bedroom had no lock.
“You plan to do something tonight… I can’t help but remember when the Woman would invite you to dine with her.”
“Don’t be like that…” John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and guided him into lounging against him.
“Fine…” Sherlock got up and led the way to the bedroom, standing before the bed.  Quickly he took off his clothes and kicked off his shoes before sitting on the bed.
“I don’t know if you know this, Moll… But he can’t hold his liquor.” John indicated the man sitting across the room.
I knew estrus poisoning was the easiest way to go.  As an Omega I have always been cursed with the need for suppressants.  How easy would it be to stop them and let nature take its course?  In the days before suppressants all the desirable Omega were collected by Alpha.  Those that were undesirable were left to die when their first heat was upon them.  Had I been born in a different time period I know I would have been left to die as one of those Undesired.
At that moment Sherlock appeared in the doorway and looked in.  “Mrs. Hudson have you seen…?  Oh, never mind.  There he is.”
“You are mistaken, Lestrade.  She is the daughter of Morstan.  Morstan raised her and loved her.  Parentage is not always about blood.”
John untied his shoe and pulled it off, setting it aside as he pondered his first question.  It was best to start with the basics.  “What is your name?”
Sherlock continued to stare at him.  It was much like the reaction he had when asked to be a best man.
“And yet you imply that writing my letters are either too difficult for me to grasp or they are beneath me.”  John punctuated the end of his letter with a flourish that revealed his irritation.
Sherlock shivered at the wonderful sensation of John Watson slowly and confidently stroking him.  It was something that Sherlock never imagined his own John would attempt.  What had happened to the 1895 version of John Watson that he had entered into such a relationship with his Sherlock Holmes?
“You had the other half of the wedding garland.”  Sherlock answered as he gingerly reached down to his cock.  The organ was nearly purple and the ivy tight.  His hands rubbed over the vine that wrapped around him.  Then delicately his fingers picked at the end of the ivy tendril and started unwrapping it.  But he didn’t stop at his cock.  The rest of the garland was pulled off and tossed away.  “Ow…”  His hands made another grab for more flowers to crush them in his palms and rub them on his swollen flesh.
“Holmes.”  The faraway look in Sherlock’s eyes slowly came back to where they were.  “It was Holmes.  I had forgotten.”
They stayed where they were for a long time, Sherlock alternating between masturbating and riding out his orgasm over and over again.  “Sherlock… Please tell me what’s happening?”  John begged whenever Sherlock went still to expel cum on the grass.
John followed Sherlock out and stood on the sidewalk beside him, looking up the building their appointment was to be held.  John noticed the name “Trevor” as they entered.
Hello everyone!  Bet you thought I abandoned this, right?  Not so!  I mentioned last time we bought a house and that I was on vacation.  Since then we moved and settled into the new place.  We sold the old place.  We also went on vacation to Scotland (just got home last night).  This story has never been far from my mind.  I just haven't had time to sit down and type.  Next chapter is already written in my head.
Sherlock pulled a hand free from John’s grip and sat up a bit, frantically fumbling with John’s engorged cock.  His hips still moved and the rhythm was difficult to keep.  “Finish… Please finish… John… I can’t…”  Sherlock cried out and slumped over, his hand still working John.  “Please, John…”
“You may be close to my age but you lack any experience with mating.  Only our cubs lack mating experience.”  John settled down next to the human, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.  His hand rested on a naked hip.
John sat beside him in their bed, his sandy blond hair messy from their most recent bought of fucking.  “Do you want me to come with you?”
“There you go.  Deep, cleansing breaths.”  Watson murmured as he kept his handkerchief in place.  “Relax.”
“As well as can be expected, my lord.”  Mary answered, flicking her eyes up to glance at him and assess his mood.  “My mother’s brother’s son may lay claim to the land.”
John looked over Sherlock’s naked body and gave a helpless laugh.  “That’s how you got me to trust you.  Look at me!  I’m naked and unarmed!  Where would I hide my sword?”
“Rosie needs a mother.  You need a wife to give you an heir.” Sherlock answered.  “I swear I will find her and bring her back to you.”
Sherlock stepped into the middle of the room, staring down at the blackmailer.  “What we have learned today should never leave this room.”
My heart seized in my chest and I froze.  What had once felt like heaven suddenly felt like hell.  I felt shame and horror, knowing it was not me he thought of as he took me… It was her.
It was during their meeting with Moriarty that Sherlock found himself on his knees before a scantily clad John wearing only a Semtex vest.  His fingers blindly groped at the closures that held the explosive on John while he was faced with John’s naked body and half erection two inches from his face.  With a final tug he tossed the explosive away and caught his flatmate before he fell to the ground.  Quickly he took off his jacket and handed it to John before he paced back and forth before him like an agitated tiger.  “What was that?”
John took the right and found himself running down a dark hallway with no torches.  A door was open, shining some light into the hallway and John ran for it.  At the open door he stopped and Lestrade nearly crashed into him.  Regaining his balance, he looked into the room and gasped at the sight.  Magnussen stood, holding a dagger to Lady Mary’s breast.  King William stood several feet away from both of them.  All three glanced at the commotion in the doorway.
Watson!  That was his last name… The one he’d forgotten.  “Watson… I’m John Watson.  I forgot my last name… That was weird.”
“Your seed!”  Sherlock excitedly showed his ejaculate covered hand.  “This is good… We can find you a lady and…”
“Anything you need, John.  Anything.” I whispered, unsure if the man I held would resort to more violence.  But I was ready for that.  I could take another beating.
Within the hour servants arrived to haul away their things.  Mary offered her arm to John.  “Take me to the gardens.”
John felt like he was on display.  Shyly he blushed and bit his lip.  His cheeks reddened.  Never had he ever felt so naked before another person.  “Well?”
John managed to roll us over and sat on top of my thighs to grind himself against me.  “Look at you!”
“I can’t stop thinking about what sort of father I will be…” John answered, rolling his head back and desperately trying to follow Sherlock’s orders.
John took a deep breath and turned around in place, assessing the air.  Finally he faced a direction.  “This way.”
The three made their way down the stairs to the street outside where there was a car waiting for them.  It had been Mycroft’s idea to send Rosie away to live in the country.  The elder Holmes sibling sent a car for his brother’s family.
John Watson sat at the table across from his daughter, watching her pick at her sandwich.  At three years old she had begun a phase in which she gave Sherlock a run for his money and lived on a diet that consisted of air and dew from morning glories.  She had him beat in that he sometimes was weak and needed tea with milk and sugar and an occasional biscuit.  Since she had no interest in eating her lunch, Rosie Watson was intent on using her index and thumb to pinch off bits of bread and roll them into tiny dough balls that she dropped onto the table.  John found the whole process exhausting.
“With what?”  John got up from the ground and picked up the coat, dusting it off before handing it back to the man.  “My clothes are somewhere around here.”  Not bothering to cover up, John moved to a different tree and reached into the trunk to pull out a bag.  Quickly he got dressed with the contents of the bag.  “What do you want?”
“You only take women to bed with you.”   Sherlock replied, thinking of John’s past three bed partners.
“Of course she knows.  She isn’t stupid.  I explained to her that you were my lover and that you both would live here with me so you could share my bed.”
John smiled and lay down beside Sherlock, resting a hand on the pale, naked chest of his human.  “This is what werewolves do… to reaffirm their pack.  I take in your scent.”
“What’s bothersome is that I’m daddy.  We can’t both be daddy, it’s too confusing.  When she’s told to go to daddy, half the time she goes to you.  At the very least you can be da or papa.” John reasoned.
I watched him for a time, baffled at his light mood after casually reminding me of the person he was thinking about while he’s with me.  Did he mean to be cruel?  Eventually I too fell asleep.
“You should have told me.” John agreed.  “But you didn’t.  Instead I learned it from a sister you didn’t even remember you had.”
“A casket?”  Molly made a face.  “Sherlock… Don’t you see the symbolism?  Your love is killing you.”
“That’s a little out of order, but it will suffice.”  Sherlock answered.  Awkwardly he leaned in and kissed John’s cheek.  “A kiss to seal our vow.”
Sherlock swallowed hard and arched his back a bit, staring at John.  Of course John had to know that he was fully erect once the conversation started.  His body was ready for anything John wanted.  There wasn’t really a case, of course not… But he was so bored.  “What would you have me do, master?”
John moaned and opened his legs wider, allowing Sherlock room to probe him.  “Your test results came back?”
John leaned in for a quick kiss before getting up to turn down the heat and bank the fire.  When he returned to the couch he found that Sherlock hadn’t moved.  “Come along.”  Holding out his hand, he waited for Sherlock to take it, pulling him to his feet.  The sheet fell down around their ankles.  John looked over Sherlock’s body and smiled at him.  “Come to bed.”  Leading the way, he guided the taller man to their bedroom.
John sighed and hugged his daughter close a moment before letting her go.  “Do you have everything?”
Sherlock shook his head.  “I already prepared myself.  I should be open and slippery enough for you to slide in without any difficulty.”
“You’re welcome.”  Sherlock answered, trying desperately not to look at his flatmate’s naked body and failing miserably.
For two days John roamed the hallway of 221 Baker Street, occasionally surprising Mrs. Hudson as he made his way up or down stairs in only his skin.
Sherlock slid down the back of the tub, leaning against the back with his head on the rim.  His knees were open to allow John space.  Water that John didn’t block landed on him and he looked up at his John in awe.
John picked up Rosie and set her on his lap.  “Did you hear that, Rosie?  You might have a little brother or sister.”
“You can’t wander my castle naked!”  John answered.  “Put something on!”  Dropping his head on the bed, he covered his eyes with his wrists and desperately tried to control his aborted lust.
“Everyone needs it...” Sherlock purred and stepped into John’s space again, hand pushing into John’s trousers to fondle him.  “Everyone has something they want.  What is you want, my lord?”
“Why wouldn’t I know that?” Eudora asked.  Casually she shrugged.  “The collar of your shirt, dear.”
John stared dully at the floor, aware that Molly sat frozen next to him, the picture book still in her hands as Rosie cozied up to Sherlock.
John stared at me, a complicated look on his face.  With a blink he seemed to reboot.  “Have you ever asked anyone to bond with you?”
John crossed the room to kneel beside the couch near Sherlock’s hips.  “I think it’s a good thing you turned up the heat.”
“I’ll teach you, Pup.”  Lightly his hand covered the organ he had just sucked.  It was damp and softening in his palm.
“He is no longer a child.  You will meet him.  At the end of the season you will be called to court.”
Patrons of the club were pouring out to watch the arrest.  A drag queen in red pushed her way past them to hurry to John’s side.
Sherlock nodded and changed.  The change was immediate.  One moment he had goat legs and the next moment he did not.  His legs were long and pale.  His bare feet were big with long toes.  His cock remained the same length and girth as his Fae form.  Horns disappeared and pointy ears rounded out.
“Truthfully… When I saw you at the tourney I developed a bit of hero worship for you.  It broke my heart when you were wounded in battle only a few years later.  How can one that won the prince’s favor break themselves and lose all joy in life?  No… I would have you be glorious once again, my lord Watson.  You will serve your king.”  Sherlock murmured and rolled on top of the other lord.  Lightly he kissed John.  “And I will serve you in return.”
“You disappeared from your place at the bar and I knew… I knew he had you.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, holding him tight.
“Just relax.”  John replied, taking a deep whiff.  Moving up Sherlock’s body he checked other scent spots… the underarm and the neck.  “Yeah… Yes, I’d like that.  To share a flat with you… that would be… fine.”
John kissed him to silence him, pushing his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth.  Breathlessly they broke the kiss.
John blushed and stared down at his thighs as if they held the answers.  “Have you done this before?”
As if to answer the mists to the right thinned to reveal an adolescent faun.  It was obviously Sherlock, except he was a gawky teenaged version of a faun that seemed to be all limbs.  The faun sat on the ground, his knees tucked against his chest as he watched a mass of young fairies run by, excitedly screaming.  It was difficult for a human eye to detect their age, but they seemed young and full of playfulness as the passed the faun without acknowledging him.
Sherlock briefly drew a blank.  What was his desire?  Did he really want to experiment on how quickly he could escalate the situation so Watson shared his bed?  Or was there something else there?  Perhaps it was a need for a deeper connection between them.  At the very least he knew he did not want the cold, medical procedure.  If there was to be touching, it had to excite both of them.  Or neither.
“Sorry.” Sherlock answered, not because he was sorry, but because it was habit with his own John.  Watson’s hand felt divine.  There was very little technique to it, but the novelty of it helped Sherlock focus on the sensation.  Vaguely he wondered if it would feel the same if his own John Watson did the same to him.  Thinking of his own John Watson helped and too soon he was moving his hips to counter Watson’s strokes.
Sherlock gave an irritated sigh and sat up, nearly pushing John from his lap as he stared down at him in annoyance.  “You talk too much during sex.”
I shook my head at his words.  There was no other Alpha for me.  No other Alpha wanted me.  I was Undesirable.  “No Alpha wants me now.” I informed him.
I went to his knees and undid the button and zip of John’s trousers.  With a glance up at John to gauge his reaction, I pulled down the front of John’s pants and immediately took the flaccid organ into my mouth.  John felt and tasted wonderful.  Often I fantasized about sucking John off until orgasm so I could taste his semen.  There was something immensely appealing about taking a part of John into myself.  As I sucked and licked the organ came to life in my mouth.
“What is it, Lestrade?”  John asked, his voice muffled by the pillow.  There was no answer and so John looked over his shoulder.  In the darkness Sherlock’s face was illuminated by a candle.  “Your highness?”  John struggled to roll over and sit up.
“We slept together… ate together… worked together… brought down targets assigned to us… every day of my bloody life they were there… and now they are all gone.  I’m alone.  We’re not meant to be alone.  They set me free to find another pack… their packs won’t accept a fringe werewolf.  Maybe the feral ones will let me join… if I can find them.  If they accept my human blood…”  As he spoke John clutched Sherlock’s knee and massaged his calf muscle.
Molly pulled her hands from her face.  “I swear, m’lord… There was no intent to harm you or your people.  I don’t know why m’lord Mycroft enslaved m’lord Sherlock.  He was always kind to me… He didn’t deserve to be treated as a slave.”
John managed to roll over, facing Sherlock.  “You woke me up in the middle of the night to ask for sex?”
“Oh gods!”  John cried out, unable to control the movement of his own hips he so desperately wanted the man above him.
I woke up naked in my bed with John’s scent on the sheets.  And for a moment I fought off the sensation of homesickness that came with having him so near.  But he wasn’t there.  The sheets held his scent but they were cool to the touch.  John had left them more than an hour before.
“I still have work to do…”  Sherlock chuckled softly and leaned down to kiss John’s scar, flicking his tongue to caress it as his hand worked.
With another shy kiss to John’s cheek, Sherlock murmured “Come away human child” and stepped backwards.
“Molly hasn’t yet been bred.  But if her mother and sisters are any indication, she will be fertile.  She hasn’t yet been deflowered.”  The man smirked and stepped behind the second man to tap him.
John shrugged and used his chopsticks to rearrange the food on his plate.  “I served three masters… all male…”
Quickly Sherlock took a dog tag and took a picture with his mobile, sending along with a text to Mycroft that read ‘Tell me what you know about this man.’
“I swear I won’t ask for anything you’re not able to give.  We can live together just like this if that’s what you want.  We don’t have to share a bedroom.  Just a piece of paper to…”
“Don’t be silly.  Of course I know the way back to the house.”  And with that he picked a direction and began to walk.
John sighed helplessly and reached for the condom, opening it.  Pinching the tip, he rolled it down Sherlock’s erection.
“I can’t leave.  And you are meant for me.  I told you… It’s complicated.”  Sherlock responded just as the fog cleared to reveal a pastoral setting.
“I… I don’t command anything.”  John crossed his arms over his chest.  “My people fight for me because they believe in me.  They believe our cause is just.  We don’t own people where I come from.  They serve me freely.  You are all free.  You may leave if you like.  But when you’re under my protection you are free.  Is that what you want, Sherlock?  You’re not suited for slavery.”
Also NaNoWriMo starts November 1st.  I'm thinking of completely rewriting "Need Me" into a non-fanfic.  I haven't reread the fic in ages and so I will attempt to remake it based on what I remember about it with a lot more world building.
“Then you must live on… For me.”  Sherlock’s fingertips lightly slid down John’s sides, causing him to twitch.  A fond smile crossed his lips.  “John… You must.  I order it.  If something happens to me you must take Mary and the child and go.  You must live… For me.  No heroics.  I would have you live to be very old.”
Lestrade further entered the room and bent down to pick up his king’s nightshirt from the floor.  Shaking it out first, he held it up.
The teasing never stopped.  In bed they didn’t go any further than mutual fellatio.  On cases and off, they made sexual comments to one another whether it was appropriate or not.
A bundle of warmth was deposited in my lap.  I blinked and found Rosie Watson rising to a stand on my thighs and using my chest to keep her balance.
“Why else would I be moved outside the keep?  The message is clear, your highness.  You don’t want me.”
Sherlock shook his head and shrugged.  “It was nothing.  Wrong place at the wrong time, my deductions getting me in trouble as usual.”
Mycroft gave an imperial sniff.  “I leave mingling DNA with werewolves to YOU, Dear Brother… not that John will ever pup with your efforts.”
“You pleased me… I just need a little more.”  John sat up, aware that his ass was leaking onto their sheets.  Quickly he straddled one of Sherlock’s thighs and took himself in hand.
John set down his chopsticks and stared at the man he had only met the day before.  “What do you want to know about me?”
“Holmes, this is a medical procedure.  I take no pleasure from it.  This is purely for your benefit, not mine.”  Watson stated rather crossly.
They made their way through the woods.  The creature had a short, fluffy tail like a goat or a deer.  Sherlock kept an eye on it as the faun wove his way through the trees.  Within fifteen minutes they were back at the house.  It annoyed Sherlock that he could have found the place on his own, given the right direction.  But the faun led him directly to the house.
Eyebrows up and mouth open, Sherlock was half propped up on an elbow to watch John swallow him.  His eyes went wider with each down stroke.  It only took a half dozen before his head rolled back onto the pillow.  “I have to… It’s…”
“John… I need… N-n-need…”  With a frustrated sigh he shook his head helplessly as another wave took him.
They ate together at the table.  As usual Rosie picked at her food until Sherlock made a game of it.  Half of her plate was eaten by the time they were done.  John took her into the bathroom to give her a bath.  They made their way upstairs to dress her and put her to bed.  Her toddler bed took up a corner of the room she shared with John.
There had been the stable boy, Victor, who spent most of his time grooming his father’s horses.  Sherlock had been severely reprimanded for even speaking to him.  Princes were expected to interact with those who would be closer to their peerage.  But young lords were too interesting in fighting to pay him any sort of attention.  When they did notice him it was to carefully step away.  Sherlock was very much aware that he gave off a strange sensation to everyone.
John fell onto the grass by a stream.  Out of breath and laughing, he was intoxicated by his companions.  All the places they had been blurred together and he couldn’t remember his last name.  But he didn’t care.  A giggle escaped him.  “Wassle!  I’m John Wassle.”
Then, suddenly, the room erupted in chaos.  People tried to leave but were met with police in uniforms.  In the middle of it all the peacock stood, proud and tall, surveying the room.
Sherlock sighed, glancing at his microscope regretfully.  “I suppose just a little break then… and not in here.”
“Congratulations?  Or no?  You haven’t told anyone.  Not even the Alpha that impregnated you?  I wonder why…”
“Wolves can’t carry knives.  They don’t have hands… not unless this werewolf got his hands on a knife while he was transforming back into his human form… but most of us are too tired to even stand up, much less attack someone.”
“She thinks she is marrying you in order to keep her lands and to conceive heirs.  It’s not for love.  She knows that.”
“Alright.” John answered, kissing my forehead as if I was a child.  “You don’t have to shag me to get me to stay.”
“You can barely stay silent when I administer to your need.  I can only imagine the sounds you will make when you are actually… Buggering.”
Sherlock couldn’t really answer.  There was a low, breathless sob and then he went still with an occasional attempt to push in deeper.
“I just came to see how you were getting along.  This is the one you came for?”  Irene made a face.  “He’s a bit scrawny.  I don’t know… I suppose I will have to see him naked.  He might have girth or length to make up for it.”
“Careful, Lord John.”  Sherlock chuckled.  “Now come closer so I can talk to you without half the room listening.”
Sherlock’s eyes focused on John’s chest as if the amount of skin revealed mesmerized him.  “I will… I’ll keep you with me… Always.”  Hastily he swallowed.
Molly looked away to hide her smile before recovering to look at Rosie.  “That is such a naughty word.  Did you tell him it was naughty?”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock.”  John whispered as he tugged at his garlands.  “I should have known… I should have remembered.  I don’t know what happened to the time…”
I kissed him to silence him.  We spent a few moments awkwardly trying to establish dominance.  I let him win.  I had to admit, he was the more experienced kisser.
John shut his eyes and tried to imagine himself as he once was.  It seemed to work for Sherlock adjusted his hand to touch John’s shoulder.  Opening his eyes he looked down at himself and gave a scream.
John glanced up at Sherlock and then began to lick, using his tongue to clean.  When he was finished Sherlock sported a half erection.  Pressing his nose back into the human’s hip, John closed his eyes and fell back asleep.
From John’s first night in the flat they shared a bed.  There was nothing sexual about it.  It was merely a place to sleep.  Sherlock often went to bed much later than John did.  And John rose earlier than Sherlock.  They had yet to spend much waking time together in the bed.
John gave another sigh.  “Oh, Sherlock…”  And with that he leaned down to swallow Sherlock’s cock, making sure to use plenty of saliva.
The path was dusty and steep.  Many times John Watson’s boots skid on loose rocks and dirt, sending a haze of dust up around him.  His hands caught in the ground to keep himself from sliding backwards to his death.  For a long moment he gasped for air and then shifted the weight of his pack.  A long time ago when he was a boy he had been very good at climbing up the slide.  The experience was the same but he was out of practice and he was much heavier than his child self.  As he took another step he heard a crack and lost his balance, landing on his knees and scraping up his hands as he slid back a several inches.  Instinctively he reached for the vegetation at the side of the path to keep himself from sliding back further.
I rolled my eyes.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  In truth I knew exactly whom she was talking about.
“You cock!” John laughed and playfully hit my shoulder.  We lay for a time, neither of us moving to clean up our mess.  John eventually reached for the tissues and cleaned up both our abdomens.  “Rosie will be up soon.”
“Shut up.” John whispered dangerously.  “Why didn’t you take your suppressants?  You knew what would happen if no Alpha was around to help you.  You could have died.”
A light drifted over them.  It looked something like a firefly but it was bigger.  The light circled the faun’s head, revealing a pair of horns nestled in dark curls.  The light pulsed and suddenly a naked woman stood before them.  “Hello.”  The woman smiled, not at all concerned with her unclothed state.  Her skin’s glow rivaled the light from the fire.
Lord John approached the dais and knelt with his eyes to the floor.  At his side Mary did the same.  Both waited for King William to acknowledge their presence.
John pushed him down on the bed and straddled his body to sit over him.  “What do you want, Lord Sherlock?”
I was in one of my moods the next day and didn’t bother to get dressed.  Mycroft tutted at me.  Mrs. Hudson didn’t mind my sheet.  But I couldn’t handle the sensation of cloth on my skin.  I spent most of my day in my bedroom with only a thin sheet between me and their watchful gaze.
“I didn’t know until my first moon.  A servant whispered it to me.  I did not to believe it of my poor deceased mother.  My father loved her.  He loved me.”
“Yes, hysteria.” Watson answered.  “Now go to sleep.  I will see you in the morning.”  Getting up, he left the room.
Sherlock shrugged.  “She really didn’t say anything.  I made sure she was comfortable in my rooms and then came to you.”
John sat up and looked at me in a way I knew meant that I had said something wrong.  “Is that why you did this?  Because you think I’ll cheat on you?”
John sat on the hay, his trousers caught around his knees as he stared up at the robed Sherlock.  “She was going to kill me?”
“I told you, it’s Greg.” John smirked and turned to address the werewolf.  “Thank you for saving me.”
With several more lazy thrusts Sherlock’s tempo changed.  Grinding himself against John’s thigh he bowed his head, resting his forehead against John’s shoulder as his rut intensified.  Finally he went still and sighed.
John bit his lips, aware that his own words had come back to haunt him.  There was a tap on his shoulder.  “What is your name?”
John seemed to collapse into himself and gave a soft grunt.  For a long time he sat, taking deep, heavy breaths before reaching out for something to wipe his hand.  I regretted not being allowed to taste him.  “Where did you learn to do that?”
Sherlock sat up, straddling John’s hips as he stared down at the lord.  “I will have to sire heirs too… But for now I would have you inside of me.”  Shifting a bit, he undid John’s trousers and pulled out his already erect cock.
I hummed in reply, taking in deep breaths of his musky scent, feeling the tip of his cock almost reach the back of my throat.  A roll of my tongue and a hum made him gasp and harden completely.  I could take him easily.  I didn’t even have to use my hand to keep him from stifling me.  Each swallow he tapped the back of my throat as my nose made contact with his pubic hair.  My John… My fantastic, wonderful John using my mouth for his pleasure.  I gripped his hips and held him as he moved.
“You’re going to get us killed!”  Mary snarled at John.  “Have some self-control!  He moved you to the south tower away from him?  So what?  He’s the bloody king!  He can do as he pleases with you.  He can stick you in the south tower… Or he can stick your head on a pike.  Don’t fight this, John.  He’s our king.”
Sherlock relaxed upon feeling John’s seed in his own fist.  Regaining his strength he wrapped himself around the other man.  “Mine.”
It was too much and the detective gave a choked sob as his fingers gripped the cushion, feeling pulse upon pulse caught in John’s cupped hand.  Gasping for air, he rubbed his cheek against the chair seat.  Chair… Seat… Sitting up suddenly he looked back at Irene Adler who sat in John’s chair, staring at him.  “Seats!  Those numbers are seat numbers.”  Quickly he got up and pulled up his trousers before going to the computer to confirm his theory.
“Well, not completely.  We built a hut a while ago.”  John admitted.  “It’s not much.  I don’t think it will even keep out the rain… Not that it rains here.”
I finished the story last night.  But you get to see the third chapter tomorrow.  Today you get chapter 2.
John rolled his eyes with a sigh and then got down in the tub, situating himself near the drain.  “This isn’t very practical.”
“Go ahead and finish.”  John took the organ into his mouth again, sucking at it as he throated it and was rewarded with a feral grunt from Sherlock and several warm pulses down his throat.  Pulling back a bit he tasted what Sherlock expelled.  It wasn’t really like his pack mates… but it was palatable.  Sherlock would make an acceptable mate.  Of course John wouldn’t be able to fuck him for very long… the man lacked stamina.  But stamina could be built… like the human women who had bred with the pack.
There was a hint of a smile on Sherlock’s lips… Merely a pull of the lips before he set them firm again.  “Shush!” Sherlock admonished, climbing on top of John’s sprawled body.  “Or I really will use my sword.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and stared down at himself.  “Are you sure it’s not because… you’re naked?”
Moriarty isn't actually there... He's in Sherlock's head, cock blocking him.  Another scene from "Pieces of Me You've Never Seen."
Mycroft’s answer took several minutes to appear.  “That’s not the desired outcome.  We hope they succeed in their mission.  But if you’re thinking of John’s pack… yes, their refusal to breed led to their demise.”
Sherlock made a face and looked about the throne room, making a dismissive gesture.  Immediately his brother, brother’s men and prisoner vacated the room leaving only Lestrade, Sherlock and John.  “Why are you acting like that?”
“I thought you were just as lost and lonely as I was.  I thought that was why you asked me to come live with you… you lost your pack too… because you won’t mate the females your alpha offered you.  But you still crave the companionship.”  John got up and headed for the laundry room to put the sheets in the dryer.  Feeling more than a little hurt he avoided Sherlock for the rest of the day.
“You… didn’t know.”  Sherlock readjusted his robe, suddenly very aware that he hadn’t even washed himself after pulling out of John… so eager had he been to look for information.
“The new king will wish to formally meet all of his sworn lords.  You served his father… He would have you affirm your allegiance to his cause.  Once this business with Moriarty is put to rest the front line will be secure enough to travel.”
John’s wedding day… Filled with pomp and circumstance.  The king threw a royal party and it seemed the whole kingdom was invited.  Well… Perhaps not the entire kingdom.  But there had been a war and people ached for something to give them the sense of celebration they had not seen in a long time.  Lords and ladies were invited to the palace in order to pay their respects to the king and the king fancied a party while they were there.  Lord John’s wedding was just a small part of the festivities.
“What do you want to eat?” I queried as I pulled his hands over his head and held them there by his wrists.  My other hand slid down his side to explore under his jumper.
As John got up from the bed he pulled his trousers back on and regretted ever allowing Sherlock to continue his sex slave charade.
Sherlock stared at John, his lips touching the lord’s base and his tongue caressing the underside of his cock.
John’s hands made short work of Sherlock’s clothes until they were a small pile next to his own.  “I have been hot and bothered since this afternoon when you dosed me at the lab.  I need some relief… Now!”
While John helped her get ready for bed he changed for bed too, not wanting to disturb her later.  It was a warm evening so he wore his vest and pants with his bathrobe over the top.  Barefoot, he padded back downstairs.  It was still hours before he usually went to bed.
My andogynecologist made a face as he assessed my paperwork.  “Mr. Holmes… Something came up in your bloodwork.  I can’t put you back on suppressants… You’re pregnant.”
Sherlock followed the news of Lord John’s life.  From fighting off coastal pirates to the near fatal shoulder wound and losing his father.  Then more recently John’s fighting the usurper that declared himself king.  And it was at the end of this fight that Sherlock had gone to him in the guise of a bed slave to find out if the man was what he had always imagined him to be.  He was.
Sherlock scooted forward and looked down at the floor.  In a moment he was on his hands and knees on the floor, reaching for something under his music stand before turning around to face John.
Sherlock surged forward, knocking John flat on his back as he was covered with tall, handsome brunette.  Sherlock stole John’s breath as he kissed him deeply.  Pulling away with another impish grin he stood up as if nothing had happened.  “Have you ever met your king?  Not the old man… But his son, the new king?”
“London?  Why?  What’s in London?  The feral packs are out here in the countryside.  There won’t be any packs in a city.”
Sherlock nodded.  John was nothing like Trevor.  And whereas John was technically an “animal” and changed form into a wolf, Trevor had been an actual beast.  Humans could often be so cruel.  At least John offered fidelity and companionship… maybe even affection.  Sherlock gave the werewolf a smile.  “Not so bad… for my first time.”
John followed him in and up the steps to their flat, entering behind him to find Molly on the couch, reading Rosie a story.
“We’ve been married for six months.  You have never suggested a date before now.  In fact I’m not even sure it’s something you would do.”
John glanced back at Sherlock who stood in silence, embarrassed.  “Out.”  His order to Mycroft was quick.  “I’ll protect Sherlock with my life.  He’s no longer your pack or your concern.”
“Are you going to dirty up bed after Mary went to the trouble of putting on clean sheets?  Yes, a shower… Or a bath if you prefer.”
I bit my lips.  What was he trying to prove?  And what terrible thing would happen if I indulged him this fantasy?  I crawled away from the door and opened it.  John sat on the other side, shirtless.
John closed his eyes and took deep breathes, releasing them in raw growls.  “You… Promised…”  His voice was deep and primal.
John took my decision from me by rolling us over so he was on top.  His hand took my erection and began an almost brutal rhythm.  I liked it when he took control.  Within a few strokes I was blissfully unaware of anything but him.  I gasped for breath after my climax, covered in our combined semen.
John shook his head, lingering over Sherlock’s hips.  “You kick them out?”  Something in him felt disappointed.  What sort of person tempted lovers only to reject them?
At that moment several thoughts passed through Sherlock’s head simultaneously.  All involved himself in various positions with John pounding into him.  Of course John would know what to do.  John had experience.  “I know you do.”
John breathed through the pain, cursing his clumsiness.  Now was not the time to be injured.  A test of his ankle told him that it hurt like hell but it bore his weight so it probably wasn’t broken… Merely sprained.  It still wasn’t the best news.  There was miles of wilderness surrounding him and the helicopter would only return for him after the mission was over.
“She said there was a bomb.  She killed others so there was no reason to doubt that she would follow through with her threat.”
Sherlock held out for almost a minute before he softened and wrapped an arm around her back.  Lightly he kissed the top of her head as she snuggled into him.
I thought I'd shake things up a bit... So some fun and then some angst cliffhanger.  I blame my cold.
Sherlock turned away and continued in the direction he had been going before he had been interrupted.  John trailed behind him.  The rest of the court kept their distance from them.
Sherlock obeyed, feeling his hardness pressed beside John’s.  John’s legs were open and rested on each side of him.  The position was very cozy… and very intimate.  John’s thighs hugged his own as he moved his hips slightly, sliding them together.
“No evidence…” Sherlock murmured before returning to his task, this time swallowing it down to the root.
“I like hearing the noises he makes.” Sherlock answered as he tossed the gag aside.  His eyes focused on John’s, giving him a concerned look.
Sherlock hadn’t really thought about how John would get hard.  It was more of an assumption that when John took him, he would be ready.  Seeing John still half limp was distressing.  With another suck and a swirl of the tongue, he allowed the fingers to slip from his mouth.
“Yeah… But you couldn’t…”  John’s mind drifted off, trying to imagine the mechanics of intercourse.  Sherlock was too quiet so John looked at him, seeing the amused look on the faun’s face.  “But you…”
Sherlock slouched back on the bed, thoroughly exhausted.  This was one of the reasons he never engaged in masturbation unless he absolutely had to.  It always wiped him out.
But at that moment John’s guards filled the room, instantly aiming their swords and spears at the naked man.
Rosie abandoned her bottle and made a grab for the container of cereal in my hand.  I let her have it.  For several minutes we both watched her pick pieces out and put them in her mouth.  It seemed I was a comfortable chair for her because she made no effort to leave.
John slowly shook his head.  “I am the father of your child.  I will be there for you, always.  Don’t you know that?”
There was a rush for the door, slowed by the police that questioned everyone in their knowledge of the drug bust.  John’s party knew nothing so they were dismissed.  It was only when John sat in the cab on the way home that he looked at the paper in his hand.  It was a phone number and a name.  “Sherlock.”
John sat in the cab, idly playing with his wedding band.  Pulling it to his knuckle, he flexed his finger, feeling it bite into the top of his knuckle before pushing it back where it belonged.  The skin underneath was permanently indented.
“John…” I moaned his name, moving my hips in an attempt to speed up his strokes.  I was so close.  In desperation I reached down to guide his hand in the rhythm I needed.  Quickly I was overcome with my climax and my mind went silent.  I knew nothing for a long time.
John paused and reached down to take Sherlock’s cock in his hand, stroking him in time to his thrusts until the detective below him began to cry out and writhe.  Quickly he gave the last few thrusts he needed and stroked until Sherlock cried out beneath him and shot his warm seed onto both of them.  John released his grip and relaxed, still connected to his lover.  “You can keep me.”
“You were injured in battle only four years later.  You were still a very young man when you gave up the pleasures of the flesh because you lost a part of yourself on the battlefield.  I would like to give back that missing part… If I can.”
John gave Sherlock’s genitals a wide berth, focusing on his hip instead before following down his thigh.
I stood up and kissed him.  His arms wrapped around my neck and he laid back, pulling me on top of him.  We took a moment to situate ourselves on the bed.  “Dinner?”
“What do you mean ‘It’s Greg?’” Sherlock demanded.  “That can’t be Greg.  He has not been here long enough to become one of us.”
“Thought what?  That you could come in here and play with me like some child’s toy?  You tell me pretty lies just so you can take my seed?  For what?  Some sorcery?  You didn’t have to lie to me!  I would have given you my seed if that’s all you wanted.  You didn’t have to pretend to want me.  I don’t need you.  You’re no better than the rest.  You just hide it better!  Get out!”
“John?  Are you alright, dear?”  Mrs. Hudson asked as John passed her door once again after she lost count.
“Maybe… but I shouldn’t have to tell you… he is very dangerous.  He was trained as you were… in combat.”
John walked down the street.  It was a pleasant afternoon.  It took his mind off his living situation.  If things continued the way they were he would have to move out.  It was Sherlock’s flat so of course John would be the one to move out.
John sat back, shaking his head at his family.  Picking up his tea, he glanced at his naked ring finger.  It was time to move on.
With a jumble of limbs he managed to crawl over me and settle between my thighs.  I was thrilled at his naked body pressed against me, his erection nestled against my own.  And when he moved his hips I was in heaven.
Watson sat on the edge of the bed and reached down to grasp Sherlock’s cock in his hand.  “You did well today.” Watson stated with a smile as his hand moved to stroke Sherlock in his grasp.
Sherlock made a grab for the lube and applied it to his fingers.  Within a few moments he worked his fingers into John before slathering more on his erection.  With some hesitation he pushed in, letting out a shaky breath as he eased himself down into John’s body.
“Just those.”  Sherlock answered.  “You can just call me Sherlock.”  Up on his knees he scooted around so he was facing John, their knees slotted together and John’s stallion sized cock rest on the faun’s thigh.  “What does John Watson, the centaur, want to do?”
“Oh shut up!” Mycroft rolled his eyes at John.  “I’m not here to breed him or even touch him… so be silent.”
“Only because I’m with you.” I answered.  My body desperately wanted to ejaculate.  My lips took his as my hands reached down to guide his arse in a steady rhythm.
“We’re pack creatures… we find comfort in companionship.  I was born to a pack… my pack is dead.  I am so alone.”
Reverently Sherlock leaned forward to press a kiss to John’s twisted flesh.  “You won it in battle.  It made you stronger.  Everyone knows the story of the valor you showed on the field that day.  This nearly killed you… But you came back stronger.  How long has it been since you’ve bed anyone, my lord?”
“Will you treat me as a bed slave?”  Sherlock was pleased to note that John managed to catch the mug before it shattered with only a brief sound of clattering ceramic on the counter.
“My Lord Watson… Did it ever occur to you that I may have some insight?  I am a woman, after all.  I know what my sex must do in order to survive as a mistress.  Drawing attention to yourself is not how you survive.  Enemies… Family… All can become jealous of the attention given to the mistress or see them as a way to harm the lord.  You can’t be so oblivious, can you?  Certainly you have encountered mistresses before.”
“Fauns are all about sex.  They are well suited for it for both giving and receiving.”  Mary gave John a lewd wink.
As quickly as the sash was wrapped it was unwrapped and tossed back to the servant who was in charge of it.  Sherlock grinned and clapped his hands together.  “That’s done then!  Now to the feast!”
“How dare you tell me what to do…?” Sherlock began and was silenced by another kiss.  They broke apart for air.  “I’m your king!”
John struggled against whatever was holding him.  One arm managed to free itself and then another.  One leg pulled free… And another.  Two legs were still caught.  Wait… Two more legs?  John kicked back with those legs as hard as he could, bracing himself with the two freed legs.
John kissed him again, deepening it to silence Sherlock’s murmurs.  His hand reached down to touch Sherlock’s cock, cradling it in his hand.
I knew estrus poisoning was the easiest way to go.  As an Omega I have always been cursed with the need for suppressants.  How easy would it be to stop them and let nature take its course?  In the days before suppressants all the desirable Omega were collected by Alpha.  Those that were undesirable were left to die when their first heat was upon them.  Had I been born in a different time period I know I would have been left to die as one of those Undesired.
“Coitus, John.  Buggering, physical relations, copulation.”  Sherlock clarified. Buggering was not a term he would normally use, but he recalled it from his dream.
Rosie made a face just as John covered her lips and nose with the facial mask.  It was the yellow mask with happy bumble bees on it, one of Rosie’s favorite masks.  “Are you ready to go to Nana and Papa Holmes?” John asked as he adjusted the mask over her chin.
Sherlock snorted from the corner of his cell, the light from the torch dimly showing his features.  “Molly?  I made sure she wasn’t taken before she was ready.  Female slaves are bred young.”
“You would not believe the day I had…” John’s voice came from my kitchen.  For several minutes he made a show of adding things to my refrigerator and placing Rosie’s bag on the table.
The last thing I remembered as the room completely darkened was John whispering, “Damnit, Sherlock!”  And then there was nothing.
John looked enthralled, giving out gasps and noises of delight as people he knew flashed across the screen.
With John draining Sherlock seemed to become animated.  “You are truly magnificent.”  His legs shifted to keep John from moving away.  “My body craves your essence… It hungers for it.  I was not aware of how hungry I have been until now.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this.  She was supposed to stay with me and I would protect her.  What kind of knight am I if I am unable to protect my own wife?”
“Then maybe I should move back in.  In the meantime perhaps you would like to stay with me at my place?  We can clean up over here.  It might be a little cramped… But there’s room for you if you want it.”
“I was talking about you!  Rosie might like to have a little brother or sister.” Eudora pointed out.
John was annoyed with himself for dwelling on Sherlock’s words of love and devotion the last time they had been together.  Had it really been the night Moriarty was caught?  That was before John knew that Sherlock was actually King William.  What had those pretty words been about?  What did they mean?  John was upset with himself for not having noticed the man who was so intent on bedding him was actually the king.
I shake my head.  It’s only sex… With the man I love.  “Sorry.  Another time, perhaps?”  Hastily I put away the violin and loosened the bow.  I took my leave and returned to Baker Street.  Not that John would be there.  John had his own home he made with Rosie.  All I had was an empty flat with no company except for Mrs. Hudson.  As much as I cared for her, she had a habit of making a nuisance of herself when I wished to be left alone.
“Yes, yes… Arousal.  I know that already.”  Sherlock answered, annoyed that his mind palace was being delayed.  “Thus my affliction last night when you found me.”
John covered his mouth with his hand, desperate to make very little noise as his partner started to bob his head.  There was no way to control the excited breathing and he took shallow gasps of air.  The hand not occupied with silencing made its way down to tangle fingers in Sherlock’s curly locks.
“Do you know what pairs of male swans do?  They court a female and impregnate her and then chase her off after she lays a clutch of eggs for them…”
“I want you.”  Sherlock admitted.  His hand reached out to caress the juncture of Watson’s legs, feeling the erection under his trousers.  It was reassuring to know that at least Watson’s body wanted the connection.  “Do you want me?”
Mary took off her Glamour and climbed up onto the rock beside John.  “I was just showing my friend, Molly, around.”
There was the sound of giggles and laughter.  A deluge of creatures and beings came out from behind trees and vegetation to surround John and Sherlock.  “Welcome, welcome!”  The Fae greeted John.  They clothed him in garlands of flowers.  A wreath covered his head.  Some sort of flowered sash crossed his chest to his hip.  Another encircled his waist.  Finally the Fairies were satisfied and stepped away to form a circle around John and Sherlock.
“Don’t be like that.”  John smiled and leaned down to kiss where the sheet covered Sherlock’s genitals.  And with that one brief touch he got up.
“I am the widow of a very old lord with no heirs.  His lands were given to his nephews.  There is no one to care about what happens to me.”  Lady Irene replied and pulled Lord John into the stables.  “But I am still young enough to give you heirs if you would marry me.”
It was easy to blame Sherlock.  Sherlock made John believe he had the power to protect Mary from any harm that came her way.  The fact that she wasn’t protected was proof that Sherlock was helpless.  It was easy for John to place his guilt on his lover.  If they hadn’t been lovers then Mary never would have left.  And Rosamund would still have her mother.
John took a deep breath.  “The OD on the plane… The near OD last week… Let’s not forget that Mary took the bullet intended for you.  And now this?  You’re trying to die.”
Finally the tall, pale lord pulled away, looking down at John’s seed on his hand with interest.  “You can still make seed… That’s good to know.”  Quickly he slid off the bed, his erection unresolved.  “I’ll have to check this for viability… But hopefully this means you can still sire an heir.”
John lightly touched when Sherlock had kissed.  “That’s it?  I was expecting a tingle or something.”
“I don’t trust it.”  John murmured.  With another spit aimed at the drain, he sat back on his pleasantly shaped bottom.  “I don’t know what to do.”
“So… Basically you just look like a regular human.”  John observed.  “She told me that your change is your sexual appetite and the size of your penis.”
John bowed his head, staring down at Sherlock’s body.  Already he was hard even though by rights he should be drained from the spasms only a few minutes before.
Sherlock startled out of whatever revelry he had been under and closed the space between them.  Leaning down he placed a warm, chaste kiss on the edge of John’s lips, causing both to shiver in delight.  “Because you are meant to be mine.”
“Oh… Oh I see.”  Eudora frowned.  Then she perked up.  “But I’m still her Nana!  And she is my little Rosie!”  Suddenly she gave Sherlock a very critical look.  “Since she’s the only grandchild I’ll ever have.”
“Have you given thought to marriage?  If you marry the land may pass to your husband and you may keep the lands for your own sons.”  John suggested.
“I remember you at that tourney.  I was still a child.  But you were so brave and strong.  More than once I thought they would unhorse you… Or you would be hurt.  I held my breath each time you met your opponent.  But you won all your rounds.  And then I found out you were the youngest to compete… And win!”
“We were the same age.  Perhaps he thought about us being in similar stages of our lives.” Sherlock answered.  “He imagined Victor married with children.  He hadn’t considered Victor’s other options.”
Sherlock turned his attention from the prisoner to John, squinting his eyes a bit.  “I do this for your own protection, my lord.”
Sherlock paused in his kisses and rested his chin on John’s chest.  “Tomorrow you marry.  Tonight… Let me be inside of you.”
Sherlock patted his haunch.  “You look… Magnificent.”  His fingers touched John’s tail before working his way to the other side of John’s body.
“Sherlock, she’s going to grow up thinking you are her father.” John was annoyed that he had to spell it out.  “That’s not something you can get bored with and change in a few years.  She is going to feel a connection to you that will last her whole lifetime.”
Watson pulled his hand away and gently pushed Sherlock’s hand away from his crotch.  “Do not say such things.”
But it looks like this story is drawing to a close.  Sorry it couldn't be longer.  I blame "moving."  Moving day is in a couple of weeks.
John took a few steps.  “No… I can barely sense your weight.”  Taking a few more steps, he quickly began to trot.
“Sherlock hasn’t been broken into his new life of servitude.  I brought him because he’s pretty to look at… But he’s stubborn and doesn’t take instructions.  With a dedicated master he can be tamed.  Please accept them all as gifts.”
John stared at Lestrade’s nervousness for almost a minute.  “Alright, we’ll go.  Please have our horses readied so we may return to our lands.”
Molly hastily found where she had left off and returned to the story.  For a time only her voice filled the flat.
Sherlock blinked and bowed his head, looking contrite in the presence of John’s anger.  “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “That can’t be true.  A great lord who fought in a great battle.  What man or woman wouldn’t have you?”
The being behind him pulled away and Sherlock turned to regard the faun.  But the faun no longer had goat legs.  His legs were that of a human.  “What happened?”
“From his file I know that he has sired sixteen of our top warg in the second generation breeding program.  He is… 32.  He was a distinguished alpha of his pack… his pack are all dead, not his fault.  He was retired several months ago from the program.  It seems he is currently in Dartmoor if your mobile signal is anything to go by.”
John knelt so he could look up into Sherlock’s bowed face, surprised at the pain he saw there.  “Sherlock?”
Eurus sat back in her chair, staring at the window at her brother and his pet.  She didn’t understand the draw John had on Sherlock.  John was nothing but an ordinary human being.  If anything he should be below notice of her brother.  And yet there they were, before her eyes.  Surprisingly Sherlock had instigated the whole thing.  Next time she might capture John alone and push his limits.  For now she would let the two recover before gassing them and sending them back to their flat.  Now she would have to think of another codename for Sherlock.  If things progressed the way they should, he would finally outgrow “the virgin.”
John lightly kissed Sherlock’s ass cheek before pulling back up the pants.  “I care.”  His hand wrapped around Sherlock’s erection and he began to wank the other man.  “She can’t watch.”
“You are very beautiful.”  John sighed and smiled at her.  “I would be honored to marry a lady of your beauty.”
“Hysteria?” Sherlock queried.  Somewhere in his mind palace he knew it was an affliction that women were supposed to suffer from in the early history of women’s biology.  Of course the experts had been wrong.  But that did not explain why he was diagnosed with it.
The three all headed back to the sleeping area.  And from then on Sherlock never complained about Greg living with them.  In time with John’s help they became great friends.
No one had ever kissed Sherlock before.  It felt good.  Sherlock reciprocated with enthusiasm.  “Stay with me?”
John gently probed and explored, opening his lover for the first time.  “I like the sounds you make.”
It was getting late.  John started to bed down for the night, keeping the tree at his back.  For a time he stared up through the branches at the moon.  Eventually he began to get drowsy.  It was at that moment that something happened.
That night John got up to go relieve himself.  The centaur didn’t notice the shadow that crept up on him until he was wrapped in coils.  It took John several moments to realize that Moriarty was back.  “Let go!”
Like clockwork they retired to Sherlock’s bedroom and Sherlock changed into his night shirt.  As he lay on the bed Watson sat down on the edge.  But Sherlock had something else in mind for that night.  As Watson reached down to take Sherlock in hand, Sherlock reached out to touch Watson’s crotch, finding him to be hard.
The woman, Dr. Sawyer, was handed a lab coat and she quickly put it on to cover her nudity.  “I’m alright.  Look at them all.”  The camera panned the group.  Many males were still stuck together.  “They sleep like babies as soon as they all ejaculate.”  As the camera panned some of the males idly moved to get cozy with their nearest companion, some using others as pillows as they curled up together.  “We should record their fertility rates during the full moon.  Have the women ovulating tomorrow sent to them.”
The room was dark.  It was either very late or very early.  From the child monitor he could hear Rosie’s breathing and occasional soft grunt.  Beside him his boyfriend John snored.
A few minutes later there was a video sent to Sherlock and he opened it, careful to keep the sound low.  On screen there was a group of about ten men, writhing together in sync.  The camera panned the group before focusing on a man who was balls deep in a woman.  The man was John… younger, but definitely John.  Behind John another male very obviously had his cock up John’s arse and they all writhed together in time with the rest of the group.  One male gave a cry which caused the tempo of the movement to speed up and all the males in the room raised their heads and began to howl as they obviously climaxed.  Melting together onto the floor in a pile of bodies several women picked themselves up off the floor, climbing out from under the males that had been fucking them.  “Dr. Sawyer?” the camera woman greeted the woman that had been under John.
“I thought I’d never get out of there.” John concluded as he collapsed in his chair across from me.  “I couldn’t be late picking up Rosie.”
“You need a knot.  This heat will end if you have a knot.” John informed me as he opened the package and rolled the large condom over his length.  It was made to catch the impressive amount of semen an Alpha produced.  His half knot kept it in place.  “What position do you prefer?”
“Tortured.”  Sherlock answered and approached the bed, pulling back the blankets to get in.  “Turn out the light.”
John lay sprawled over the bed, his ass in the air as he tried not to wiggle from the embarrassment of his king using his tongue on him.  Fingers and tongue worked together to stretch him as he lay face down on the royal bed.  For a moment he tried to imagine a princess or a queen in a similar position, but couldn’t.  The king really liked his bottom if the sounds he made were anything to go by.  The love extended to his cock which received an occasional fondle to keep him hard.
“There is no reason the wedding can’t be tomorrow.  I will preside over the ceremonies.  I only ask of one thing… For tonight.”
Sherlock made his escape and locked himself in the bathroom.  At least with the water running in the shower he could let his emotions overwhelm him without John hearing him.  An hour later Sherlock emerged.  A quick glance at the open door to his bedroom showed that John was not in there.  So he locked himself within for two days, only leaving when he needed to pee.
John tried to concentrate on Sherlock.  All he could hear was the stream and he worried.  But he thought about the warmth of Sherlock’s skin, his chaste, gentle kiss.  And then the stream seemed to fade away.  John blinked open his eyes and found himself in a small clearing.  The plants were all withered and faded as if it was winter.  But it wasn’t cold.  His eyes took in the cold, grey place and then he saw something brown and golden.  It was Sherlock!  Sherlock was curled up in the dead, grey grass, arms wrapped around his knees.  “Sherlock?”
John obeyed, lingering at the back of the room.  The bar was full.  It was a different bar than the one he first met Sherlock.  Many drag queens performed.  The man they were looking for often came on drag queen night.  John lingered by the bar, hoping to spot someone suspicious.
Sherlock was once again in 1895.  But something had changed.  Watson lay slumbering peacefully at his side.  “Goodnight.”  With a soft kiss to the other man’s temple he settled in bed.  This time he had hope that there would be intimacy between them.
For a time they moved together, chasing their pleasure.  At some point John squirmed away and removed his vest and pants for more skin contact.  The removal of his clothing caused Sherlock to increase his grinding, bringing them both the much needed friction.  Sherlock was the first to go still, sending warm pulses of wet onto John’s stomach.  John quickly followed, his own semen mingling with mess on his stomach.
Sherlock pulled off the trousers and then helped John roll over onto his hands and knees.  “Just a scratch, my lord.”  Sherlock breathed, leaning down to breathe on the wound and then lightly lick it.  “No poison.”  A gentle kiss followed as his hands held John’s hips.
John looked up at his king and was completely surprised when a skull was tossed to him.  “What is this?”
John stared down at where his shaft rested on Sherlock’s warm thigh.  The action seemed like it should be exciting and sexual… But it was as if his cock just naturally belonged resting somewhere on Sherlock’s body.  It was intimate but not erotic.  “I don’t... I might want to try these horse legs out.”
Sherlock grunted, too tired to even form a coherent reply.  “Night,” he managed.  What had his 1895 counterpart gotten himself into?
“What am I to do with you?  I don’t have slaves… I don’t keep them.”  John grew annoyed.  “I don’t even WANT them… But you were a gift.”  John took several deep breaths to calm down.  “Ok… Look… I don’t need a bed slave.  Molly can go work in the kitchen, Lestrade can join my guard.  Sherlock can… Do whatever he was trained to do.  But all of you should put on clothing if you are to interact with my people.”  John picked up the clothing Molly had dropped and pushed it into her hands.  “You have work to do… So get dressed.”  He turned his attention to Lestrade.  “You too.  You can’t protect me in nothing but your skin.”  Finally he turned to Sherlock, his eyes unconsciously sliding down the other man’s body.  “And you… Whatever you do, do it with trousers on at least.  Your body is distracting.”
Hastily I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand as John relaxed on top of me.  His weight was comforting.
“I meant what I said before… I don’t have friends… I just have one.  You.”  Sherlock rubbed his face with the back of his hand.  “Something happened out there… I don’t know what I saw, but it wasn’t a hound.”
John took a deep breath.  “Perhaps it’s for the best.  If she stayed she would be attacked by her enemies.  At least she can go make a fresh start as someone anonymous.”
“Maybe.” Jim answered.  “You know what happens if you don’t do what I ask?  He ends up dead.  You fail or show affection for him and he’s dead.  It’s all about sex.”
With a gentle push, Watson managed to deposit Sherlock onto the bed beside him.  It broke the kiss and he stared at the man, chewing on his bottom lip.  His hair was disheveled and his shirt open to reveal his undergarment.
John giggle softly to himself.  “Of course this means you have to take care of yourself for the sake of the baby.  No skipping meals or staying up for days on end.”
“Then we better go.”  John pulled on his own mask, blue with white dots.  Rosie’s luggage was a priority, but both men also carried an overnight bag.
Sherlock pulled out a little and thrust back in, delighted at the sensation.  His movements were erratic and not very consistent.  Never had he tried anything like this… aside from his own masturbation which always seemed smoother.  Now he had to coordinate legs and pelvis as his hands held himself up over John.
“Well I’m not going to do it like this.”  John announced and helped guide Sherlock’s body down onto the grass, flipping him over so they were facing each other.  “Face to face… Like this.”  Easing himself down, he lounged upon the faun, taking delight in the way their bare skin felt pressed together.  Playfully he kissed Sherlock’s lips as he slowly began to rub himself against the faun’s body.
There had been a date.  Rosie was with Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson.  John took Mary out to a restaurant for dinner.  They had made love when they returned home, a little giddy with wine, knowing they had the house to themselves while their daughter was safe with people who adored her.  When Mary fell asleep John wondered if what he was doing with E was considered cheating or not.
Rosie ran from the car into Eudora Holmes’ arms.  “Nana!” She cried in glee as her parents were left with her luggage and their own.
Mary glanced at the group of revelers still resting by her stream.  “It takes a little while after you eat and drink with us for the mortal to fade.  Soon you will find out what you will be.”
Early the next day John found Sherlock by the water.  The faun looked miserable.  His arms were wrapped around his legs and he was nearly curled up into a ball of misery.
Sherlock made it to the battle just as Moriarty managed to free his arm and slither away.  The faun stared at the werewolf in surprise.  “Who is that?”
What was I to say?  How could she possibly understand what it meant to be an Omega rejected by the only Alpha they have ever wanted?  With irritation I returned to my bedroom and shut the door.  I could still smell John’s scent as it lingered.
John leaned against my warmth.  I held him close, my hand resting on the back of John’s neck as my other hand braced John’s arm.  The man shook silently with sobs.  “It is what it is.” I murmured, tightening my grip and lightly kissing the top of John’s head.
From the moment Rosie entered the world her father was mesmerized by her.  How could such a sweet bundle of warmth be his?  When she wasn’t feeding or being cared for, she spent time with her father and her king… For King William was never far away.
“I don’t need a bed slave!”  John growled.  “You will find another occupation for the rest of your stay here.”
“This is a castle.  Let’s go find the gardens, my lord.”  And with that she dragged him out of the room and down the hall.  “This is our home now.  We should get to know it.”
“I still don’t have any place on my person to hide a knife!”  Sherlock responded and opened John’s door to step out.  And with that Sherlock was gone with Lestrade.
Sherlock took several calming breaths, glancing down at the man who so innocently snoozed on his thigh.  It was hard to think of him as the sexual creature Mycroft described.  And yet his genitals were fully on display, twitching every so often as John slept.  “He’s… alone… unwanted.”
John watched them leave… Suddenly aware of the mess they had made in what was to be his marriage bed.  And today was his wedding day.
“Glamour.  All the mortal born Fae have a Glamour.  Our bodies change when we become one of them… But not that much.  Small things mostly.”  Mary explained as she gently pushed John’s hand from her thigh.
Quickly John took off his clothes and climbed onto the bed, curling up onto his side.  “If it bothers you I can take my wolf form to sleep.”
I stopped taking them the day Mary died.  The bullet that killed her was meant for me and I was on borrowed time.  I stopped taking suppressants and plunged myself into the drugs so I would forget.  I would forget that I was about to die and that my Alpha hated me with every fiber of his being.  It was better to forget and then slip away.
“I was caught with my pants down.”  John answered as he pulled on the jacket.  “It won’t happen again, Sherlock.”
John noticed that his cock was no longer gigantic.  It was still large, but not overly so.  “Did that help?”
“Nonsense…”  Sherlock waved John’s concerns away.  “You are my beloved and so I shall shower you and your bride with everything you desire.”
Sherlock gazed out at the room full of dazzled nobility who laughed and made merry as the wine began to flow.  “John… There are many benefits in being my consort.  This is but one of them.”
John blinked in surprise at his king’s words… And the tears that gathered in the corner of his eyes.  Sherlock was in pain.  Not his arse… But his soul.  All because he had to give John to someone else.  John did the only thing he could think to do.  He leaned down and kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “I’m yours.”
“But you know how to handle it.” The peacock answered.  Leaning in, she kissed him softly on the lips.  “Happy Birthday.”
“You’ve been playing with your ring these past two months.  You pull it up to the knuckle before putting it back.  You’re thinking about removing it altogether.  But that means that you make yourself available.”  Sherlock answered.
“I told you before… I’m just not very tactile!” His voice gave a sharp inflection at the end of the phrase when a pair of lips wrapped around his cock.  Helplessly his hand rested on John’s head.  “John… please… I’m not even hard right now.”
John stopped his pacing and stared at me.  “You’re joking, right?  You’re having a laugh at my expense?”
“You did.” John agreed.  “But I want you to make another one in front of witnesses and sign a piece of paper.”
“Mummy will be so… pleased to know you’ve settled down… but with what, exactly?  Not exactly the countess or ladyship she was hoping for.”
“Think nothing of it.” Sherlock answered, resting his hand on Rosie’s chest.  The small child gave a small sob before falling back asleep, reassured by the weight of the hand on her.
“Sherlock…” John moaned as he kissed under the other man’s chin.  Reaching down he found Sherlock’s words about his preparations to be true as two fingers easily slid into the slippery orifice.  With a little movement of his hips he found himself embedded in the tight heat.  “Gods…”
“I’m an alpha.”  John whispered, moving in closer, eyeing Sherlock’s throat.  “I lost my mates.  You’ve never mated…”
They shared a bed.  They didn’t talk about the bed.  One night after they had been living together for a couple of years, John had fallen asleep on Sherlock’s bed while they were working overnight for a case.  Sherlock didn’t ask that he leave, so it became a habit.  Neither man ever commented on it.  And then within a year when Rosie was big enough to come down the stairs by herself, she joined them after she woke up in the morning.
Sherlock pulled away with a final bite to John’s left buttock before he sat up and scooted forward to push himself into the space he had created.
The creature entered the light cast by the fire and stared back at John, head cocked to the side.  “What do you mean, what am I?  Isn’t it obvious?”  Vaguely he indicated his legs.
“You’re still too tight.”  John answered, using his free hand to push the curls from Sherlock’s forehead.
On one such occasion John sat down beside him on the couch, pretending to watch telly with Sherlock’s legs placed in his lap.  John’s fingers drew idle patterns across Sherlock’s skin, causing an erection.  But John kept his touch between mid-thigh to toes.  After the program ended John turned his attention to Sherlock.  “Our client will be here soon.”
John shrugged and rolled over onto his back.  “We sleep in a nest under the stars.  But it would be nice to be safe and snug someplace not so out in the open.  It doesn’t have to be much.  I miss sleeping in a bed but I know with the materials we have that probably won’t be possible.”
For a time they both panted for breath, Sherlock breathing warmly in John’s ear.  John stared up at the ceiling.  It had been years since his last sexual experience with anyone.  His last had been Mary not long before she died.
John looked him up and down.  His hair was dark and curly.  His hears were pointed.  From the waist up he was shaped like a human man with broad shoulders.  Below the waist he was like a cloven hooved animal… A deer or a goat.  As the faun came around the fire he caught a glimpse of a short tail.  The only part below the waist that looked out of place was his penis, which was hard and definitely shaped as a human man’s.
“The howling woke me.”  John swallowed hard.  “My pack… that was my pack.”  Shifting a bit, he tried to move closer to see.
John startled and shook his head.  When had he left the clearing with the table?  Surely not three days ago… It had only been a few minutes or a few hours.  “I don’t remember three days.”
John gave a snort and changed shape in one fluid motion he stood with his arms crossed over his chest.  “Why is he sneaking into our den?”
John took a long moment as if pondering the commands before he silently obeyed.  And within a few moments he leaned back against Sherlock’s chest, head on his shoulder.
John finally glanced at the naked man and then immediately looked away.  “He is busy.  I can write my own letters anyway.  I can read… And write.  I’m not some low born who worked his way through the ranks.  I was born high born, just as you were.”
Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder, tightening his hold on the other lord’s waist.  “She couldn’t tell me much.  She had been given a bag of gold and promised another if she came here to murder you.  She thought she could use her status as a widow to seduce you… And she was correct.  Had I not been there you would have been found dead in the stable.  You must be careful who you bed from now on, my lord.”
“Sherlock… You’re not forcing me.”  John sighed and wrapped his arms around the faun.  “I went away with you because I wanted to.  I’m a centaur now… Who else could have me aside from a faun?”
If John could imagine one word to describe his approaching fatherhood it was, “shock.”  First came the surprise that his mere weeks of sleeping with his new bride caused the pregnancy.  Then it was the overwhelming sense of panic that came with bringing a new life into an imperfect world.  What if war broke out and he was asked to defend the realm?  Sherlock’s realm…  What if he died?  Because he knew he would give his life to defend Sherlock.  What sort of father put the needs of his king and lover before his own blood?  What if he failed at being a father or the child grew up to resent him?  What if his child felt neglected or unloved?
“Why?  Because you’re my king?  King William?”  John took Sherlock’s hand and kissed it.  “What do you want, Lord Sherlock?”
“It’s not like any of them cared about me.” Sherlock responded harshly.  “I was a thing to them.  They got what they wanted from me.”
“What do you want?” Sherlock responded, suddenly unsure about the faun’s intentions.  Did he mean to cause some sort of harm?
And then John understood his king was having difficulty fighting off his own pleasure for John’s sake.  John reached up to pull Sherlock back down on top of him.  “Take me.”
And when John woke again there was light edging in around the draperies.  Sherlock’s fingertips pulled away from where they had been lightly caressing John’s cheek.  “Morning…” John mumbled.
John watched until the bedroom door shut and then he went to the sink to rinse Sherlock’s blood from his fingers.
John made his way down the aisle, holding Mary’s arm as they both approached the throne and knelt before their king.
Something had changed from the last time Sherlock had been to 1895.  Watson seemed to think Sherlock was suffering from hysteria.
Molly stood on the other side of the door and I realized that I was completely exposed.  Quickly I pulled my sheet up around my waist as Molly blinked at John.  John passed her and she looked in on me.  There was a frown on her face as she looked back over her shoulder where John had gone.
Rosie contemplated her biscuit as she pursed her lips.  “My father?” A look of confusion crossed her face.
“You’re like I am… a lone wolf on the fringes of a human pack.  But you’re not an alpha… no… your alpha cast you out because you wouldn’t conform to the rest of the pack.  You’re a beta… so you probably wouldn’t mate the female he picked for you.  You wouldn’t make cubs like you’re supposed to.”
Six months and not a word came from King William, known to Lord John as Lord Sherlock.  In that time the war ended.  Unexpectedly peace broke out across the land.  And yet no word came from the palace.  Lord John opted to stay in the castle he had won by conquest, sending a small portion of his household back to his ancestral lands to tend to his own castle.  Molly stayed… As did Lestrade.
There was a sound of movement and suddenly the voices and the footsteps were clearer.  John continued to struggle with his bonds.
As she stood up John felt something pressed into his hand and he kept it hidden in his fist so his friends could not see.
They entered the flat and John went to the bedroom as Sherlock entered the bathroom.  The water turned on in the sink and John watched through the opaque door as the figure at the sink washed.  John set Sherlock’s things aside and toed off his shoes before pulling off his socks.
“We only have fifteen minutes.” John warned.  It was a challenge then… A challenge to see how quickly I could get John off.  With the state John was in, it would have to be something more than just touching.
Mycroft shook his head wearily, looking to the mess of papers on the floor.  “Oh Sherlock… What have you done?”  The man made no other comment and soon enough John was on his way home, confused.
“Perhaps I didn’t do it correctly.”  Sherlock whispered and leaned in again to lightly kiss John’s lips.
Sherlock cried out in surprise, causing Watson to frown in puzzlement.  “Sorry… Err… It is a little chilly.”
John recalled Sherlock’s return and how he had thrown the man to the floor… The look of pain on Sherlock’s face when he landed on his back.  “Oh God…  I just remembered…”
“What do you mean, ‘Why?’” Greg cocked his head to the side.  “He needed me and I helped him.  We’re supposed to be friends now, aren’t we?  That’s what you do for your friends.”
“Then technically you aren’t doing anything… Your people are.”  John sealed his parchment with wax and his signet.  Taking it to the door, he passed it over to the person waiting outside.  “Send this to Castle Bart.”  As he turned around and shut the door he found Sherlock standing before him.  “Sherlock?”
That was right.  Sherlock had a boyfriend.  Their relationship had deepened after Sherlock asked John to move back in with him several years before.  Mary had hinted that they might become more to each other and it seemed she had been correct.  Mary saw it before they did.  Of course she did… Clever Mary.
Rosie pulled the bottle from her mouth and looked at the cereal selection in my hand before resuming her drinking.
No wonder Sherlock had a dream about Watson fulfilling his needs.  Because Sherlock did have needs.  There was that occasional need for release.  The only problem was that he felt like it was cheating to take care of his needs by himself.  And John never offered.  If John did offer, would it be clinical like in the dream?
Quickly I pulled on my dressing gown and entered the living room to see Molly sitting on the couch, reading.  Molly looked up at me and gave me a soft smile.  I knew from her look that she pitied me.  My Alpha was gone.  “Are you alright?”
We played her game.  And in the end I won and saved the man I loved from suffering the same fate as the friend I barely remembered.
Two nights passed without Watson entering Sherlock’s bedroom.  Both nights Sherlock found it difficult to fall asleep.  A variety of positions were tried along with sleeping in the nude.  The chill of the room on his skin did nothing to ease him into sleep.  During the day he was irritable and cross with everyone and everything.
“They don’t like me.”  Sherlock stated as he kicked away the remnants of the ivy he had been wearing.
I could think of nothing to say that would reassure him that wasn’t the case.  I leaned in and kissed his clavicle.  John’s breath caught as I lightly kissed his jugular.  I was rewarded with a small moan.  I wanted to explore his body.  I ached to feel him take me.   I was pleased when my erection returned.
“Those assholes dressed me in the clinging ivy and then abducted you with the flowers that make the ivy relax.  I’ve been in agony for three days.”
Sherlock didn’t answer.  Instead he grabbed a flower from John’s garland and crushed it in his hands.
John flicked the switch and climbed into the bed, settling in the space Sherlock didn’t occupy.  “I didn’t know that.”
Sherlock made a face and shifted his posture as if he wasn’t quite sure what position to be in when he answered.  “Many thousands of years ago this area made a pact with the fairy realm to offer up mortal sacrifices.”
Sherlock frowned at his mobile and looked through the files again, returning to a video of a happy John holding the cub named Ian.  Something within the detective crumbled and hurt.
“She told me that you have a Glamour.”  John sat gingerly on the grass beside Sherlock.  It felt odd on his bare skin.  “Can I see you without it?”
The young man stepped in close to John.  Something hard pressed into the doctor’s gut.  “I’m not asking.”
We took our time in the shower.  I helped him clean every bit of himself.  John giggled and turned red in embarrassment.  But that didn’t stop me from washing him from head to foot.
John blinked a few times in confusion.  “You read my tags?”  Self-consciously he glanced down at his dog tags.
“Come to think of it… You’ve always been melancholy around this time of the year for as long as I’ve known you.”
“Hello.”  John replied, trying not to notice the way a long, dark curl rested perfectly around her left nipple.  “Um…”  His eyes fell to her feet and that’s when he noticed that she was floating several inches off the ground.  “Are you floating?”
John pulled back, looking up at Sherlock, perplexed.  “Yes because I asked you to say it, or yes because you want to marry me?”
His eyes caught on a woman sitting on the edge of the stream with her feet in the water.  She wasn’t part of the travelers.  They had stumbled on her.  And she was naked!  John crawled to her and sat beside her.  “Hi!”
Eudora stood in her kitchen, making breakfast for Rosie when her parents finally came downstairs.  “Busy night last night?”
“I died for him.  And he found someone else.  He married her… Had a child with her.  She died and he doesn’t want me.  He’s never wanted me the way I want him.”
Their conversation was full of double entendre.  Not that John minded.  Usually he gave as good as he got.  “How do you know I’m a good fit?”
“She is fertile.  If you get her with child this week…” Sherlock broke off his words to reach for the vial beside the bed.  “I won’t summon you to my bed until she’s pregnant.”  Unstopping the vial he used the contents to carefully prepare John’s tight orifice.  “How long has it been since you’ve done this?”
John smiled.  “Cooking is good.  My cook was killed during the war.  I haven’t had a decent meal since.  If you can cook I welcome it.  What about you, Lestrade?  Mycroft said you were a skilled body guard.”
John reached down and took my hand, pulling me to my feet.  His embrace was warm and comforting.  I wanted to stay there in his arms forever.  I knew then we could work this out.  I had my Alpha, my John.
John made a “turn around” gesture with his hand and unzipped the gown, allowing it to fall on the floor.  His fingers picked at the laces that held the hips in place.
“Fuck!”  John cried out.  His arms strained to be released from my grip, but I held him still until I felt dampness on my stomach.  Releasing his hands, he immediately wrapped his arms around my torso, hugging me close.
“Why don’t you go find some relief?”  Sherlock suggested.  The words hurt to say.  But that’s what John should do, right?  He didn’t want Sherlock so he should go find someone to help him.  Knowing John’s preference in women… Someone tall and brunette.
John lifted his head and lightly kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “She doesn’t say.  Just that we will be together.”
I took the bottle and guided Rosie so she sat in my lap, head cradled in the crook of my left arm.  I allowed her to guide the bottle to her mouth and she stared up at me in adoration as she drank, holding her own bottle.
“So that you may pass the lands to your own sons?  Of course, my lady.  Your father was one of my best banner men.  I could not neglect my duty to you, his daughter and only kin.”
That alarmed John and he bit his lips to silence his trembling breath.  Sherlock kissed him lightly before scooting down John’s body.  John couldn’t help himself, he gave a soft moan of encouragement.
John took a deep breath to steady the rising anger in his body.  For a time he didn’t speak.  But when he did it was very soft and very dangerous.  “Sherlock Holmes… You have to do better than that.”  And with that he walked away, back to their sleeping area.
“Oh, I…” Mycroft gave a weary sigh and leaned on his umbrella.  “My dear brother… Eurus has been talking to John.  She was his therapist.”
It was too much friction and Sherlock had to cum.  Closing his eyes, he felt his release in throbbing ecstasy.  Opening his eyes he realized Moriarty was gone and John was at his side, reading a book.
“Yeah?  Well I didn’t care about what you wanted.  And something within me wanted you to feel bad.  So I kept saying her name.”
“That is because you tell them their life story in an instant…” Irene smirked as she crossed her arms over her dress.
“I’m a faun.  I could take a giant or a kraken.  I can certainly take a centaur stallion in his human form.”
“You have spent the past two days running around in the cold and the muck.  It would be pleasant to wash all that grime off of you and make it an early night.” Watson reasoned.
For nine days he had been left alone with his own thoughts and self-doubt… Vaguely he recalled only demanding seven days.  John taking two days more wasn’t a good sign.  Nervously he rubbed his face to try and clear away his insecurities.  “Is he hungry?”
“What are you doing?!” And yet John made no effort to pull his hand away.  A soft groan escaped him as his penis gave a twitch of interest.
“You aren’t attracted to me.”  I stood up and went to my bedroom, shutting the door behind me.  I leaned against it as if to use my body as a barricade.
John never looked at me the way he looked at James Sholto.  Had Sholto ever sent texts to John, of course John would say the same things he said to Eurus.  So the issue wasn’t that I was a man.  I’m just not a man he desired.  And for some reason that knowledge made things hurt a little more.
“Look at him…” The voice was masculine with a hint of an Irish accent.  “He’s so plain… So ordinary.”
“Of course it bothers me.  I may work with my hands, I may be a soldier, but I am not an animal to be taken in a stall.”  As soon as he said it he remembered the incident with Irene in the hay and the subsequent release by Sherlock’s hand.  “I mean…”
I shook my head at his words.  There was no other Alpha for me.  No other Alpha wanted me.  I was Undesirable.  “No Alpha wants me now.” I informed him.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s chest, feeling his heart.  “I told you… I won’t hurt you.  Pack don’t hurt each other.”
Sherlock returned his finger, finding the opening open and dripping.  Grabbing his own penis he positioned it in place and slowly pushed into the tightest heat he didn’t expect.  Sliding in easily, he bottomed out balls deep.  “Adaptation?”
John crossed his arms over his chest and stared at Sherlock for a long time.  Finally he shrugged.  “Master.  I am master.”
I couldn’t tell her it was because of Mary’s death.  I was no longer someone John cared about.  I was only physical release he desperately needed.  Whether that was sexual or aggressive release, it didn’t really matter.  It was the only way I was of any use to him anymore.  I would do anything for him.
John shook his head and gave an exasperated sigh.  “Have you ever buggered before?  We need supplies.  Lubrication, something!  The entire experience is going to be very uncomfortable for you.  You’re going to wish I had let you die by the time I’m done.”
The lights came on stage and a tall queen stood with her back to the audience, her dress low cut in the back and fanning out from her ass to the floor was a train of peacock feathers.  Slowly she turned around as she lipped the song, revealing a floor length, form fitting gown of peacock blue.  Her face was obscured by a mask.  Her lips were blue.
John rearranged them so he was covering most of Sherlock’s back, arm blocking Irene’s greedy view of John fisting Sherlock’s cock.  “I’ve got you… use my hand.”
“If I was to marry again I would look for someone who wants to help raise my child with me.  I want someone who will spoil her… Love her as if she was their own.”
“I can’t help it.”  Sherlock answered, pulling himself into a smaller ball.  “It just all comes out.  I don’t mean to say it.”
With the last of his strength he pulled himself up the last few feet to the edge of the embankment he was climbing.  His ankle protested every step but he managed to haul himself up onto the edge to look at the clearing beyond.  There was a stream that ran parallel with the cliff he had climbed.  Overhanging the stream was an old oak tree.  On hands and knees he crawled several yards to the tree and set his pack down beside him to pull out his walkie.
John gave a helpless sort of laugh and rubbed his face.  “I have two hours to shag you or else he’ll kill you.”
“Maybe I do too.  If you hadn’t interfered I would have been married off when I came of age and then I wouldn’t be so damn alone!”  Sherlock answered, clutching his legs tighter.  “I would have been bored out of my mind but at least I wouldn’t be so goddamn alone!”
John stretched the muscle, scissoring his fingers to create space.  When Sherlock was relaxed enough for two fingers he added a third.
“Half wild… Half intellectual.  Great philosophers and yet they might steal all the virgins at a wedding… Or so I’ve been told.”  Sherlock patted John’s shoulder which was also his human hip.  “Can you take off the Glamour?”
That night we went to bed.  John argued that sometimes Rosie joined us, so I shouldn’t sleep naked.  I pulled on a t-shirt and pajama bottoms.
Sherlock went into the bathroom, finding only a tub.  It was pleasant to spend time in the hot water, allowing the grime and the chill to wash away.  Emerging from the tub, he found a serviceable flannel to dry himself off with.  His dressing gown covered him as he made his way into his bedroom and sat down upon the bed, curls still damp.
Sherlock’s lips silenced John’s exclamation.  For several minutes there was nothing but deep, hungry kisses.  Sherlock finally pulled away after thoroughly exploring John’s mouth he stared down at him in the darkness.
Rosie pried herself away from the drink bar and sat down in the middle of the backseat.  Her parents sat on either side of her.  “Can I take off my mask?”
With the information Mrs. Hudson seemed to accept John’s perpetual state of undress.  Giving him access to 221C along with pillows and quilts was her form of apology.  “I should have known… I met a werewolf once when I was a young woman out in the woods.  I couldn’t understand why there was a naked man on such a chilly day.  He told me that his skin ached with the approach of the full moon.  It must be around that time for you?”
“I’ve heard rumors that Lord Watson is above carnal desires… That he denies himself pleasure.” Sherlock slid down John’s body to take the tip of John’s cock between his lips.
“I wanted a mate.  That does not mean the mate I chose wants me.”  Sherlock replied and shifted his legs so he could push John off of him.  “You will be forced to bring someone here and turn them Fae.”
I shook my head, unable to tell him why I wanted to be done with it all.  I couldn’t tell him how much it hurt to watch the man I love in love with someone else and make a life with that person.
John blinked at the sudden request.  But he could always give as good as he got.  “Do you have condoms and lube?”
John stepped into the room and sat at the floor near Mrs. Hudson’s feet, knowing his nudity embarrassed her and that his position would block her view.  “It’s moonrise in a couple of hours.”
“I’m sorry.  I suppose I can live with just being a warm body for you to be with.  It’s okay.  You don’t have to like me.  No one does.”
When I came back to myself John was kissing my neck, whispering words of endearment.  I stirred in his arms, turning to look at him.
The scenery passed by in a whirlwind of color and textures.  Sometimes grainy, sometimes wet.  There was stone and leaves, there was grass and forest.  Finally John slowed when he felt Sherlock shift against his withers, which was at the base of his human spine.
John scowled at the simple answer to his fearful question.  If they weren’t going to kill him, what would they do to him?  Would it hurt?  His fingers fumbled over his buttons as he undid he shirt and shrugged out of it.  “If I’m taken to your realm as a sacrifice… Won’t people notice that I’m gone?”
Suddenly I felt full.  I opened my eyes to find John staring down at me in surprise.  “Are you crying?”
John sighed and leaned down to kiss the top of his husband’s head.  “I love you.  Now come to bed with me.”  Sherlock held out his hand and John took it, leading the way back to their nest.
“In the nightstand.”  Sherlock answered with a small smile.  “Do you want to be on your hands and knees… Or do you want it face to face?”
“A game?  You think this is a game?  And what sort of game is played by climbing into a lord’s bed?”  Sherlock reached down and undid the fastening for his loincloth, tossing it away to reveal his swollen cock.  “No… Lord Watson, this is not a game.”  Idly he rocked his hips, rubbing them together.  “Not really…”  A smirk was caught on the corner of Sherlock’s lips as he kissed John’s lips.  “But I do want you to find completion.”
“I know that it’s fine…”  The double entendre of the words weren’t lost on Sherlock.  Nervously he shifted to accommodate the bulge between his legs.  “Be gentle with me?”  Glancing at John a moment he looked away and turned red.
Immediately John got off and moved into position, delighted when Sherlock pushed into him from behind.  “That’s good… back to the rhythm.”
I have no idea what to do with this!  I'm coming up on the end of the available material.  I think I shall have to end this soon.  A couple more chapters at least.
“Of course.  I worry about him… Constantly.”  Mycroft sniffled.  “And now he shall return to his royal duties.”
John shuffled forward aiming his erection to slide into me.  It went easily and soon enough I was full of Alpha for the very first time in my waking memory.  You see… I have never shared a heat with an Alpha before.  When I first presented I was given suppressants and toys to simulate an Alpha’s knot.  Of course John must have entered me to treat my estrus poisoning, but I had no memory of it.  This was my first time with an Alpha inside of me.  I found myself to be emotional at the experience.  The way his body moved as he sought to fill me completely.  The way my hands slid down his sweaty back as he strained.  My body accepting his length and girth as if he was a missing piece of myself, returned to me.  I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations of my Alpha taking me, claiming me… Breeding me for the first and only time.  I started to cry.
“You’re not my mother.  My mother died ages ago.  She was mortal like I was… Like what you used to be.  You abducted me and brought me here because you can’t have children.”
John sat on his chair and stared at the consulting detective as if trying to assess him.  “Sometimes master would have you do nothing… It was only when master wished to take pleasure that you were needed.”
“I’ll be stuck like this for a half an hour at least.”  John commented.  “Hopefully the condom doesn’t break.”
Sherlock had just cracked a joke about the victim having one too many holes and John responded with, “You wouldn’t know what to do with them.”  Both giggled together.
The faun smiled and shook his head in the darkness, illuminated by one small torch.  “Does there have to be a reason?”
Sherlock stepped out of his clothes and then briefly turned around to pick up his pajama bottoms, slipping them on over his naked bottom.  A shirt was added and he finally turned back around.
John circled Sherlock’s knee and hastily made his way back up his inner thigh, forcing them apart for him.
I felt relief.  He loved me!  My hands shook as I removed them from his bottom to slide up to his shoulders.  My husband loved me!  No one had ever loved me quite like that before.
“You promised no harm would come to her!” John whispered, tears threatening to fall.  Without looking at his lover, he left the room.
“Are you going to kick me out once you’ve had your way with me?”  His nose nuzzled against the other man’s scrotum, occasionally licking the wrinkled skin.
Sherlock grunted in reply, too close to his climax to be eloquent.  Instead he wrapped both of his legs around John’s hips to pull him in deeper.  Too quickly he was falling over the edge.  As his body clamped down on John he felt the other man give another two strokes before something warm filled his bowels.  The king relaxed as both he and his lover pulsed seed.  “If I could… I would marry you.”
Sherlock’s clothes made a neat pile on a chair.  His shirt was discarded, revealing his pale chest.  With a blush he turned around and took off his trousers and pants.
I awoke to a sensation of warmth on my penis.  Looking down, I found John suckling on me.  It felt amazing.  “John?”
“No… Let me see.”  Sherlock insisted as he pulled John’s hand away and pulled him down onto the bed.  Straddling the lord’s body, he leaned in to investigate the old wound, tracing it with his fingertip.  “Is this why you deny yourself pleasure?”
“As well as can be expected.”  John answered.  “I know it’s just a phase.  I keep telling myself it’s just a phase and she’ll grow out of it.  She’ll eat when she’s hungry.”
Sherlock kissed him deeply, wrapping his arms around John’s back to hold him still as he kissed.  One hand slipped down to tease, pushing a fingertip into a tight orifice.
I didn’t want to think about John, my John, entangled with my sister.  John preferred women, for years he made that perfectly clear.  John liked women and the only indication he had ever felt anything for a man was a man he was in the military with.  There was no indication he had consummated that affection but it was clear he was still attracted even though years had passed.
The words were harsh and I sat on the bed, watching him pick up the foil package with some apprehension.  John didn’t want me.  Maybe there had been a time he was open to the idea of having an Omega, but I ruined it when I jumped.  A part of him was broken and lost forever when I returned.  And he married Mary to prove it.  Now she was dead and all that was left was broken.
John knelt down above her, allowing her to pull off his tunic and push down his trousers.  Her hand caught his wrist and she directed his hand to her warm, wet folds.  “Gods…” John breathed, pushing his fingers into her.  His thumb flicked at her jewel, causing her to squirm.
“No!  It wasn’t vanity!”  John insisted.  “I tried!  After I recovered I tried!  But… The look of horror and… And pity…”
Sherlock sat up a bit and looked down to John’s open thighs, his arse exposed.  The movement was so very… easy… and the hole seemed to be open and eager for him to push into.  A part of him wanted to do it… to enter John and experience real sex for the first time.  But another part of him was terrified what that would mean… what if John left him?  There was much to be said for not knowing what you are missing… once he got a taste of sex… could he forget it if John left him?  But werewolves don’t leave… they were faithful until the end.  John called him ‘mate.’
Sherlock moaned into the kiss and readjusted his legs to allow John in deeper.  One calf rested on John’s ass, helping to pull him in deeper with each down stroke.  Too soon he was holding John against him as the lord bucked wildly at the onset of his orgasm.  Sherlock held him tightly and felt something warm pulse deep within his bowels.  Frantically he reached down to give himself the few remaining strokes he needed to follow John over the edge.
“Let me get a good look at this… This country lord.”  Magnussen took a step closer to John, looking him over.  “Country lords are so interesting.  Their hands are stained and rough from work.  It’s a shame to call them lords, really… They toil like a servant or a beast.  Not a proper, civilized lord.”
Sherlock reached down and pulled back up his pants and trousers, not bothering to fasten them.  “I plan to learn more about werewolves.”  Remembering Mycroft’s words he took a deep breath.  “What is… a knot?”
“He isn’t a goldfish or a gerbil… he is a warg… a genetically manipulated werewolf crossed with human DNA.”
Sherlock stared down at where his dumpling had been, the space left vacant with only a puddle of soy sauce to show where it had been.  “You stole my dumpling.”
“I never timed it.  Of course as a wolf I have no real sense of time anyway.  I just get stuck and sleepy.  When I wake up I can pull out and clean myself.”  John stared at Sherlock, studying his body language in response to the information.  “It worries you.”
