Natasha’s heart ached for her friend. Well, she wasn’t so sure she was lucky enough to be counted amongst the billionaire’s friends anymore, but one could hope. And even if Tony didn’t consider her to be his friend, she would always consider him to be
She loosens the wire and heads for the exit. “You’re getting sloppy, Rogers,” she says to the man behind her.
Steve’s features twist with impossible agony and grief. “Don’t leave me, I need to make this right. Don’t leave. Stay. Stay.” The rest of what he says drowns out into white noise.
She closes her eyes and sighs heavily. "There's no easy way to tell you this," she murmurs, "I'm... the universe is mysterious in some ways, yet predictable in others. The universe loves balance, so on occasion the universe will create a being or
“I hated when you were in the suit all the time; hated the helmet. I thought you were a coward running away from your problems,” Steve murmurs quietly to the man he’s embracing in his arms.
tried talking to my Steve,” Tony hisses, “and very nearly got him to agree. Except then he changed his mind because he found out I was keeping Wanda on house-arrest after she
“Your position against the SHRA… I get it, I do. To have your identities stripped away and to be told that you’ll be arrested for not signing; for protecting yourself… I get it. It’s horrible. But, on the other hand, in order to continue being a hero you have to sign and also hunt down your former friends and colleagues because the law says so. It’s a tough situation on both sides. However,” he says slowly, ”nowhere did I see it say that this document with all the Registered names on it would be readily available to the public.
Before Steve can process what she’s doing, she’s got a thin, razor-sharp wire around his neck and she’s hissing in his ear, “And if you
Steve doesn’t react the way Tony thinks he would. Steve’s kicked puppy routine had been convincing; a truly Oscar-worthy performance. Steve’s temper snaps, and he yells back. “Lie to you?” He snarls, “You mean like you lied to me? About Ultron? About The Accords?”
Tony’s hackles rise and he stiffens. His mouth presses into a thin line and he plasters his paparazzi smile onto his face. “Sure thing.”
"They blame you," Tony says quietly with his eyes are downcast and his mouth forming a pained grimace. It isn't a question.
“No– I was just– I don’t know. I was just trying to make him stop fighting Bucky, but I– I went too far.”
Steve does. He’s got a lot of work to do. He starts by apologizing to Clint for dragging him into this mess. Then he apologizes to Sam for getting him thrown in the Raft. He even calls Rhodey up to formally apologize despite being yelled at the whole time. Next he finds Natasha and apologizes for not listening to her advice and for forcing her to choose. He apologizes to Scott for getting him involved and not considering that he may not have wanted to. Finally, he reads over the Accords three times and can grudgingly admit that the new terms are more acceptable.
It's a few hours later and they still haven't tracked down Tony. Rhodey is incredibly anxious, so he starts drinking. Then he gets angry. He finds the stupid flip-phone in the drawer where Cho had probably put it back. He glares at the damnable black plastic for a while before he caves. He needs their help desperately. He can't let Tony suffer, especially not with Hydra.
"Mm. Strange. What'd he call 'imself... 'Sorcerer Supreme'? Has a weird glowing necklace. He's not here, though," Tony adds helpfully.
Does anyone remember when I said my previous outline was gonna be 17 chapters? HAHAHAHAHA it's closer to like 27 now HAHAHAHA
They both crack up laughing, and Tony finally feels something loosen in his chest. He's relieved. Cho is looking at them with a smile and gentle eyes, she looks relieved too. Tony was almost certain he'd forgotten how to laugh or smile since Ultron.
“What’s this about, Captain?” Tony gets right down to business because he doesn’t want to be here any longer than he has to.
Apparently this Stark also had a myriad of health problems in addition to being an alcoholic, AND was
“I couldn’t figure it out before, you know, ‘cause you barely have an accent anymore––hah, English, am I right?”
This is bad. Tony decides to not concentrate on the dark, enclosed space and what it reminds him of. So, he turns to other memories. Specifically the more recent ones. He sighs and closes his eyes.
Tony’s a futurist, so his thoughts drift to him forgiving the Avengers, and isn’t that a kicker because that feeling–knowing how easily he’d forgive them–sends a bitter, sour emotion racing through his veins that he can’t even begin to describe. He huffs out a pathetic breath of a laugh that sounds more like a wheeze. He knows that the only way this all would’ve turned out is with Tony forgiving them. He would’ve let them all back in eventually, let them live in the Tower he’d built just for them, and let them take over the Common Room and drag him away from his workshop so they could watch everything from Fight Club to the Princess Bride, and he wants that in a way. He wants to be able to forgive them and to make this all go away, but he can’t. Not yet.
“No worries, Cap,” Tony pats his belly and his eyes crinkle with joy. “I’m just carrying twins, is all.”
Jacey cackles and snuggles into Tony's arms some more. "I'm not judging you," her voice is light and happy, "I think it's sweet."
Adrenaline and panic course through his veins with equal measure and it leaves Tony reeling. He has to get up; he has to move. His babies are coming! So... he has to... has to...
of which have refused to continue doing business with Stark Industries on the basis that the Avengers are unwilling to compromise and no longer have the citizens’ best interests or protection at heart.”
They’re both going for blows, both aiming to hurt, but Steve wins again. “I’m not the self-centered one here,” Rogers growls.
Jacey takes a deep breath and sits beside him on the cold metal bench. This is definitely not how she saw this going. She folds her hands in her lap and waits.
“Maybe, but we both knew what would have come if we didn’t. You made sure that the worst wouldn’t happen, Tony,
to, and really that’s the whole problem here, isn’t it?” If Steve had been willing to maintain a cool head and think through strategy like he’s so damn good at, then maybe he would have listened. But he’d been blinded by Bucky’s involvement and Ross’s eagerness to detain the Winter Soldier.
The alien's mouth thins and he must decide that Tony isn't worth all the hassle because he just steps over him and heads to the elevators. Well, Tony is definitely not hiding any stones so Squiddy can wander around all he likes. But now that Tony's been left alone he needs to find a goddamn phone or communicator. Something.
Cho is sitting in a chair, awkwardly and crookedly, asleep. “Hey, sweetums, could I get something for the pain, please?” Tony asks rather loudly and winces.
"No, no, no, no! Not yet! Not yet! Stay with me, Stark!" He opens his necklace with a spell and uses the Time Stone to cast a very complex, very ancient spell. He's not sure it's going to work. He prays to whatever gods there are that it does. The world can't afford to lose it's greatest hero. It can't. He's the only one... Tony is the only one who can
Tony doesn't wait for her to finish and bears down, screeching. The midwife takes gentle, gentle hold of the baby's head and tries to help ease out the shoulders. Blood flows out. The midwife, her name is Jen, bites her lips but persists. The first baby is out, so she grabs a towel to wrap the baby in and hands her off to Steve, so he can wash her off in the sink.
"In two weeks time," her voice trembles and cracks into pieces like a mirror falling to the floor, "something bad is going to happen."
. You create all these things for the public and for the team, and you make it look so easy. I think I was a little jealous, actually,” Steve laughs, “here I was from another century with only the ability to punch and figure my way out of a rough spot. But you… You invent and dream up all this stuff that I’d never even thought possible. I– I thought you were a better Avenger than me. That you were–and are–better suited to this day’s gadgets and gizmos than I.”
second: rejoice! next chapter will be prob next week, or possibly sooner (might give ya'll a nice lil new years gift ;) ...)
Tony jolts awake and his eyes dart around his cage. Doc’s face has appeared in a peephole that popped out of nowhere. Tony blinks.
Jacey holds her breath. Her vision swims and her heart aches in her chest. She'd known this day would come, but she did not think... would never have guessed that it would be like this. Tony has already been through so
Cho is usually a very collected, even-keeled person. But, she can be manipulative too. “You would have if it’d been Barnes asking.”
Well. That’s great. Tony continued searching and eventually discovered that an u’hoa pairing could begin the bond process through just a simple touch, such as a handshake or brushing of the fingers. Then he looks up this henkō thing, which, apparently, means that a previous bond has progressed into or become an u’hoa bond, usually from one of the other two types of soul bonds.
Tony sighs with a little relief, even though he still worries. He almost wishes he weren't so damn pregnant. It's still odd to say that, he thinks. He's never thought it possible before, and even if he had known it was he didn't think he'd be a good father... he hadn't really wanted to
and the urge to take him into his arms has never been stronger, so he gently puts his hands on Tony’s shoulders and
He doesn’t want to think of the letter because it’ll just piss him off. He still can’t believe the hypocrisy of the damn thing. He can’t get past Clint’s betrayal, either. Natasha’s alliance was good while it lasted, but he knew that where she was wasn’t where she wanted to be, so he’d made the decision for her. He pushed her away by calling her a double agent, despite knowing she wasn’t. He knew why she did what she did. He did. Which is why he pushed her away. Her words hurt, though, and no amount of self-comfort or delusions will fix that. But. He’d been aiming to hurt, so naturally she’d aimed to hurt him back. That hurt too.
Steve has been texting him non-stop. Okay, that’s a hyperbole. He sends one in the morning and one at night. Sometimes, only one in the afternoon. Alright, so maybe Steve only texts him once or twice a week because, the man had explained, Steve didn’t want Tony to feel like Steve was bombarding him. The supersoldier had even told Tony that he could ignore Steve or block him, or whatever.
Steve wants to hug him. Wants to hold him so, so badly. But he can’t. He shouldn’t. It’s not fair to Tony. To… to touch him when Steve has-- when Steve has hurt him so badly. He doesn’t deserve it. Doesn’t deserve the trust Tony still has in him. He doesn’t
“I love you, Jay.” His smile wavers, but she wraps him in her arms anyways. Her hugs are always the best. They’re warm and soft and make him feel safe and cared for. Yeah, her hugs are addicting.
“Well, let me tell you what you ‘tried to’ do, okay? You knew Tony was in a blind rage, which was perfectly an acceptable emotional response given the situation. And you
The drink in his other burns down his throat. He can't remember what glass he's on. He knows he hasn't finished the bottle yet, maybe he's trying to. He doesn't know. He just knows that he can feel the not-alcohol when before he could feel nothing. That dream had been awful...
woke up here, in the past, that sunny afternoon just days before all their lives would change. He says how sorry he is again. Apologizes for losing faith in him and not trusting him like he should’ve. Apologizes for the things he’d said and the pain he’d caused Tony. He’s sorry that he wasn’t there when Osborne almost killed Tony and then when Tony had subsequently deleted his brain--after--how even more horrible he’d treated Tony. He’s sorry for all of it. All the way to the Skrull invasion, and beyond, to the Incursions. He should’ve known Tony was just doing the best he could with the options that they’d all given them. God. He’s sorry for turning almost everyone on the team against him. No, in fact, he
So I've decided that this fic is long overdue for an editing spree-- e.g. the really cringe-y parts at the beginning and the less than cohesive timeline. Now, because this fic is HUGE, i'm enlisting help. So if y'all wanna help me-- or if you know anybody who'd wanna help-- go through this with a fine-toothed comb I'd be more than happy to accept it. I'll be adding in details and changing a few things here and there, but largely the plot will remain unchanged. Anyways, as of now (ch16), this fic will be placed on hold until everything has been fixed. When it's done, you probably won't have to re-read it, but I would recommend you do.
not allowed to interfere. Not until after. So, have Strange with you and Steve-- and it might--" Her voice cuts off. She can't tell him more.
"Nature, Luck, Freedom, Justice, and Victory were all pictured as women. I've always wondered why they pictured Time as a man. Tony... I'm what some may call a 'Seer'. I See futures, realities, pasts, outcomes, causes and effects. You, as a futurist, should understand best what it is that I mean."
Wanda just looks stunned and like she’s been slapped. “He tried to break it,” she blurts, clarity crossing her face as if she’d just seen it.
She started noticing the flowers–no, bouquets–that showed up in Tony’s hospital room the first week there’d been more than two bouquets in there at the same time. Then, she researched the flower language and began to heavily suspect Tony’s anonymous sender. Some flowers were asking for forgiveness, other were to get well, and some said that Tony was cherished or precious.
Steve lets the arms of the chair go. Clint is looking at him knowingly. Steve just grits his teeth and ignores him.
"So lemme get this straight," Stark mutters, "the only super-powered people you have in your 'verse are aliens, Steve, T'Challa, the Witch, and Spider-kid."
and what he did, but what I wanted him to be… what he was supposed to be? I don’t regret that. I won’t try it again, because I don’t trust myself to not screw it up, but I made Vision, right? That’s gotta count for something. Mostly… Mostly I regret not being able to save the people below. I thought… I thought they’d all been evacuated. I was wrong. If I could do it all over again… I’d do things differently. Try to save more people, stay after and help, and… oh… right… I haven’t… I forgot to tell Wanda…” Tony’s barely staying awake, though, so Helen starts to hum. She hopes he doesn’t dream.
“Rogers is a big boy, Stark, he makes his own decisions. Plus, he’s a hot-head. You can’t blame yourself for someone else’s personality flaws.”
She sighs and pads across the carpet to the curtains to open them. The natural light floods in and Tony blinks rapidly to clear the spots. "It's ironic that this is the happiest you've been, isn't it?" She's still facing the window, her back to him. She purses her lips and grief colors her voice. "I'm sorry it had to be like this, Tones. It's not fair to you. It's... never been fair to you."
Steve doesn’t want to run Tony off. He tries to keep his face calm and his body lax. Knows that the man is probably still... scared of him--has every right to be--but God how that poignant knowledge is
ah... also... i've been considering getting a beta for this (since i've been doing it myself all this time hahaha and well. it's a lot.) I'm especially interested in an alpha (lol) which I'm told is like someone i can bounce ideas off of and is basically an epic cheerleader in addition to all the regular beta-duties. lemme know if interested.
“Mad? How could I be mad when I just found out that my best friend really can have that family he’s always wanted?”
“For a being to harm one’s u’hoa,” she says as if it’s obvious and he’s got rocks for brains, “is the greatest of all sins.”
Is he here to... fix something? No, that can't be right. Help? Maybe. Honestly, he can see how the SHRA gained support, but still... he's ashamed that no one called the unconstitutional card, or that no one argued to make a
She swallows down the lump in her throat and tries to make her voice not shake. She purses her lips and holds his hands. Her face is an agonized grimace and her tongue tastes like chalk as she says, "They'll make it." That he won't is heavily implied.
Jacey looks down at her hand and when she feels something nudge against it she inhales sharply. "That's-- Tony..."
years of being on the same team and trusting each other with our lives, I’m still nothing but a man pretending to be hero?” Tony’s voice is low and soft.
Tony doesn’t catch all that she says. Something about an oasis and death, but whatever. At the very least, he can tell she’s quoting something. “What?”
This time it’s a frozen river beneath him. Pond? Whatever. He’s cold. He’s shivering and shaking and he’s probably going to get fucking pneumonia from this asshole. He’d been having a good dream too. It’s not fair.
The only ones who knew were Pepper, Yinsen, Rhodey, and Happy. Maybe Bruce and/or the Hulk too, but Tony wasn't sure about that. Rogers wouldn't have known that Tony was an omega because A) he didn't have heats, B) he didn't smell like an omega—thanks, Afghanistan—, and C) nobody knew his body had designated as omega after puberty. It was a very, very well-kept secret. Tony, on the other hand, was very much aware of Rogers's orientation as an alpha. Hell, he'd helped the man through at least two ruts.
before he even bothered paying attention to it. Well, he’d definitely learned that lesson the hard way, hadn’t he?
Which is how Cho finds him, some five minutes later, with his face plastered to the porcelain and his hair matted to his face. He’s miserable.
“The fetus is fine. It’s a strong one.” She doesn’t say anything else, but the look she’s giving Tony means she
Pepper would... No, he didn't want to think about her. She'd made it perfectly clear that this "break" that's been going on since before Ultron is not really a break at all. He didn't blame her.
He laughs, “Yeah. My mom… well, my mom loved it, but I wanted adventure.” He looks at Tony as if he probably knows what the doctor’s talking about.
Rhodey sighs, but drops it. “Okay, but we’re gonna have to talk about you jumping me every time I enter the room from now on. The father isn’t in the picture, is he?”
He’d almost cried right there until she smiled that one smile that looks like the sun. He could only smile back and promise himself that he’d never let anything bad happen to her.
Ya'll wanna hear something funny? So, about february-ish I had written some stuff for this fic aaaaannddd I couldn't find it again. Naturally, that tanked my creativity because I was like IT WAS SO GOOD AND NOW IT'S GONEEEEE.
And he has always been dealt a bad hand, but he tries to make the most of what he’s given and suffers from what he can’t. He'd wanted something more from Steve, had wanted a reason not to trust him because he was afraid-- he hadn't been expecting to be proven right --, and he had wanted a family. Now, his family is in pieces and he's in danger of losing the one on the way.
“Oh, Tony,” she gasps, “I’m sorry– I didn’t mean to–” she blubbers, “Damn it, Metallica, now you’ve gotten me started.”
He isn't ready. But he'll gladly give all of himself if it meant they'd be alright. They're his end and his beginning, but that's fine because all he is loves his two babies unconditionally. He tells himself that it's not enough, and that they'll be taken care of.
he has to offer, and the people he should trust the most– the people he should be able to count on to have his back through thick and thin; his fucking
Tony wants to say, “No shit, Sherlock” but he doesn’t have the energy for that, so he lies there instead.
“That you didn’t want him to know, it means you didn’t want to take advantage of him. That you want him to be happy even if it’s not by your doing.” It seems, Jacey realizes, that the man isn’t totally hopeless. For an alpha.
also, i feel the need to let everyone know that my chapters are probably going to be a lot shorter from now on. it just makes it easier on me that way, so i don't feel like i have to churn out pages and pages of words. hope that's alright. i'll do my best not to leave it right in the middle of something or not to have cliffhangers that feel more like a noose, though, ok? :)
"First: you must promise to not exert yourself unduly, even if that means waiting here on this couch until someone can come to assist you."
Bruce tells him where he's been for some three-odd years, which really, that can't be right because he's been
“She was an omega, just like you, who had difficulty bonding to a partner, sexual or relationship wise. In fact, her case was so severe that she couldn’t bear to be with anyone sexually and her relationships often ended quickly. She had one small pack of friends that she bonded with, as well as with the three members of her family pack. It wasn’t until later in her life, when she came across who would be her future husband, that she bonded with him. They have a scale for bonds, Tony, did you know that? She only bonded that deeply one time, with one person. They call that a soul bond, Tony.”
sorry again for the delay. (i know it's been a long time; y'all are rockstars) i love you guys so much. please send me love!
The line rings and he chews Steve out for everything. He neglects to mention a few things, but he thinks the message gets across. He hopes. He's going to have a lot of explaining to do when they arrive. "Hurry, Rogers." He shuts his eyes and downs more alcohol.
“I know.” Tony clenches his hands into fists. “How do I… How do I make it stop, Jacey?” His eyes are watery when he meets her gaze.
Pepp—Ms. Potts, is a base-line female human. Beta, is what people called it these days, but Tony never cared what the public thought. An omega/beta relationship was fairly common, if only because betas are 60% of the population (alphas are 30%, and omegas are 10%).
Rhodey still doesn’t know or notice. Before all this, he might have been a little upset about that, but Rhodey’s dealing with the paralysis. Tony’s problems probably don’t even register. It’s okay, Tony tells himself, it’s okay. He’s fine.
"I- I- can't! It wouldn't be proper! I... Tony must be the one to invite me." Steve relaxes though, but tries to gently pull away from the woman's strong embrace.
Jacey turns to meet his eyes and Tony sees that they're bloodshot and that her knuckles are white. She's crying.
“I t’ink,” the man says slowly, “perhaps, it would be betta to show you.” He gestures to the TV at the back of the room, grabs the remote, and turns it on. “It is… unpleasant,” he manages.
Tony signs out AMA and they all pile into the Jeep. “So,” Tony says conversationally, “where we headed?”
“Okay, what the hell did that gortle do to you, Cap?” Clint asks with wide eyes, but an extremely amused tone.
(p.p.s i put brackets around the text messages because i like things neat and orderly AND DISTINCTIVE in my writing it's gotta be special and stand out ok. don't judge me.)
Vision does not like being away from Tony Stark for very long, but circumstances have required the sentient being’s attention, which pulled him away from Mr. Stark’s side. That being said, Vision is very much aware of the pain his… creator feels everytime Vision opens his mouth. Vision knows Tony hears JARVIS, and knows that Tony has not properly grieved since the incident occurred. Vision wishes he could still be there for him as JARVIS, but he is different now. Alive.
Barton, please tell me he's not serious. I don't think I could handle it if even the iPhone hasn't been invented here yet."
chapter title insp by the Little Big Town song of the same name. It was... oddly fitting. And actually I meant to name an earlier chapter this, but well. HA. nope.
Steve closes his eyes and clenches his fists, pained, and recited the string of numbers plus a demure: “Captain Handsome.”
He dons a ball-cap he'd acquired from one of the desks in the lab. He offhandedly plucks a pair of convenient sunglasses that happens to be sitting on top of the front desk as he makes his way out of the building.
what? an update? *gasp* it couldn't be! ahhh but it is. I've only rewritten it like 50 times but no biggie. If I look at it anymore I think my head will explode. So here.
"He's already at 8 centimeters, and he's bleeding." the midwife tells the others with concern lacing her voice. "When did he start labor?"
“Men are so blind,” she grumbles. “You should ask Steve what he zinks, Stark, I think you’ll be surprised.”
“Well, you were busy. I understand. Listen, Rogers, I want to know what the hell it is you think you’re trying to pull here.”
“Before… I lost my head,” Steve sighs, “I won’t give you any excuses, but I’m working on my… issues.” The supersoldier winces and goes back to staring into Tony’s soul. “I wanted to tell you that I shouldn’t have doubted you with the Accords. That I should have been more willing to reason and negotiate. I was bull-headed, and for that I’m sorry. I wanted to say that my poor choices weren’t a reflection on my or my co-conspirators opinions of you. Save Wanda, maybe, she’s– give her time. She’ll come around.
“Thanks, Mom.” Tony grouches, but he still eats. His stomach twists a little bit, however he does manage to keep the meal down.
Tony grabs her arm and mumbles, “...’bout…’tro...tell her… Pietro…” He drifts off and Helen wonders what on Earth he’s talking about. She’ll ask him later.
“... are you not aware of Mr. Stark’s paranoia? There are ways to get in the Tower.” Cho inspects her nails and waits.
been a royal fuck up if Tony's ever had one—he and Steve had started fucking. Hate sex, at first, and then more of a casual, consistent... fling. Thing. He and Pepper had been on "off", for the moment, though they both knew it'd probably be more permanent that time around. They were right.
Tony is suddenly not sad anymore, now he’s angry. He’s so, so angry. He just wants to hurt Steve back. He wants petty revenge and he wants to scream and to let Steve know the kind of pain Steve gave him. So, he shouts.
"That... that sounds an awful lot like what Hitler did to the Jews..." Tony probes cautiously. He puts his hands behinds his back and turns toward the window. Reed's building is quite impressive, he muses.
“What the hell did you think you were doing?” Fury’s clasped his hands behind his back and looks disappointed.
To say that Tony Stark was extremely disoriented would be like telling a rancher his cow was exorbitantly heavy. A
She looks at all the different varieties of flowers, in a multitude of color. She’s no expert, but she is a romantic at heart, and is somewhat familiar in the language of the flowers. She doesn’t like what they’re all saying. At all.
Tony’s heart stutters and his breath hitches in his chest. Steve… he… why…? He can’t believe any of this is happening.
sorry -- i've had lots of life happening. like, shitty life stuff so I've been low on creativity and inspiration. In fact... i almost nearly deleted all of my works.
“He was watching two eagles mate.” She snorts and just shakes her head, “It wasn’t until later that I found out he was watching it for his biology class. He was majoring in marine biology and minoring in environmental science, so I sure picked an interesting one.”
to being an u’hoa half. Tony knew about the risks ula kui mates faced, so he shouldn’t be that surprised, but honestly… he is. He knows that ula kui mates can have some kind of empathetic communication if they’ve been together long enough, but an u’hoa pairing? Sometimes they can go so far as to nearly develop someting akin to telepathy with each other. The article Tony’s reading also says that in the case of one half dying, the other is 100% certain to follow within
… The camera zooms in time for them to see Rhodes roll out in his wheelchair and then bury his face in his hands.
He tries to focus on the room and his surroundings, but he’s dizzy and everything keeps fuzzing out at the corners. Okay, great, so a concussion then. Awesome. He catalogs his injuries: bruises everywhere, scrapes pretty much everywhere, possibly a dislocated shoulder, a twisted––he hopes––kneecap or leg, probably got a mass of fun bruises on his back, and a sprained wrist. Terrific. Could be worse, but all he cares about is that he can still sense Peanut. His baby is alive and nothing else matters. Well, he could stand to not be in this situation–that matters–but he’ll take what he can get for now.
“I don’t know, Tony. I think the study said something about your biology or hind-brain perceiving some kind of threat nearby, and thinking that the only way to stay safe was to be hidden dynamically speaking? It was usually an alpha male or a beta male that were the threats. Was there someone around a lot that fits that profile, Tony?”
“I… I admit that I was wrong, on all accounts. I should not have done what I did. I– no. There is no excuse for my actions. I will, and I am, taking full responsibility for the consequences.”
As the day passes, the rest of the Avengers gradually join the nest. Normally... normally Tony wouldn't allow them to see him in his most vulnerable state, but unfortunately his omega identifies them all as pack-mates. And... since he learned the news... well, Tony wants all the comfort he can possibly get even if the moment is fleeting. And, despite his better judgement, Tony loves these idiots. He knows they're not bad people, but he just... wishes that he didn't always get taken advantage of. They don't do that on purpose, either, he knows, but regardless-- it stings.
If so, Tony cups the porcelain cup between his hands and stares down at the still liquid, that would make a lot of sense. Perhaps he should confer with--
Tony narrows his eyes. He’d suspected that this Steve and Stark were on the outs, but for Rogers to even
Tony blinks. God. The big sap. “You were worried because you thought the serum might be hurting the baby.”
He should probably be angry that it took him almost dying, but he can’t find it in his weary heart to care right now. He doesn’t forgive them. He wont– he can’t. Not yet. Probably not for a very long time.
There's a hushed silence, now, Tony realizes belatedly. The air is tense and awkward. The other group-members are shuffling their feet like they're...
Luckily, he seems to have forgotten the brunet’s earlier transgression and now looks surprised that Tony’s figured out his nationality. “Yes?”
is in his desk drawer where it’s going to stay until he can work up the strength to smash it with his Iron Man suit. He’s too exhausted to do that, though. He’s too exhausted to do much of anything anymore. He knows he should be in the hospital, but… he just… he can’t.
the way I–” Steve’s voice and body shutters to a halt. His face has drained of all color and he seems to have had some kind of epiphany. By the dread and self-loathing and revulsion on his face, it wasn’t a good one.
It's lucky, Tony thinks, that he's not been terribly symptomatic with his pregnancy. But, then again, it also feels like he's not been doing much for the duration of his pregnancy. However, at nearly six months pregnant and on bed-rest, Tony is starting to go stir crazy. Also, he's starting to ache everywhere. His back and feet are pretty much killing him regardless of what position he lays or sits in. Then, there's this awful kicking that feels like it's displaced every internal organ at least twice, and feels like he's got one massive bruise on every thing. His OBGYN, the kindly Southern doctor-not-nurse, who's name is Gavin Smith, tells him that it's probably because of Steve. Tony doesn't laugh at the irony.
Rogers’ face twists into one of pure unadulterated rage. Tony’s body goes absolutely still. He doesn’t flinch.
“What about what you’ve done?” Tony asks quietly, tiredly. He knows the supersoldier is far from infallible. Knows that Steve’s super-soldier-strong stubborness can be tougher than even the vibranium shield he carries. Knows that Steve doesn’t always listen to reason before he punches,
The polite smile instantly drops off her face and she’s immediately on guard. “The hell’re you talkin’ about?”
“No.” The supersoldier looks defeated and filled with self-hate. Tony doesn’t have it in him to preen.
“Yup. There’s your vitamins and stuff there. I expect you to down that entire glassful of water before you take them, though. And here’s a gatorade for later. You need the electrolytes and the sugar.”
This time, however, she was sure Laura’s brand of whoop-ass would be the only effective remedy. She’d been right. Now, she hadn’t
," Tony whines. "Look, I'm a big boy, okay? I can take care of myself. I have robots and FRIDAY and-- I'm not
Tony’s face closes off and he folds his arms across his chest and turns his body slightly to the right.
think about everything. He can’t. It’s not… it’s not even that he’s angry or hurt, because he is in every way a person can be, but it’s more that he can’t think about everything they could have had. With Steve. With the team. All of it. Everything was just getting started–just being built with that new house smell and everything–with a new adventure and new friendships… Instead…
“What are you saying?” Steve glances up sharply.The soldier looks confused. Like he hadn’t realized that before.
“What? Yes? Okay, yeah, alright, I’ve got a bun in my proverbial oven. Can we not talk about it for, like, the next year? Please?”
She spins to look at him and, this time, she is very shocked. “What? I didn’t think you could stay away from all the adrenaline and the… ‘parties’.”
“Steve.” Tony’s jaw is hanging open and he’s staring at the tears that are still running down Steve’s face. “Steve--? What--? Why are you--?”
Before her brain catches up (which is unusual for her), she blurts, “Why do you care?” She doesn’t mean it maliciously, or even to hurt Steve. She genuinely wants to know.
A crackling sound comes from above and Steve doesn’t hesitate before throwing himself over Tony’s limp body.
horny, okay? Like dripping-wet-in-heat-I’ve-still-got-raging-teenager-hormones horny. And Steve had been his last regular sexual partner, as in Steve had given him continuous–fantastic–sex on a regular basis. Sex that he has not had in
Steve has done his best to prove himself to Tony. He's offered massages, foot rubs, decadent breakfast in bed, carried Tony to the community living room for movie or game nights, lets Tony always pick the movies on said nights, Tony is given gifts - trinkets, portraits, small things that catches Steve's eye - he's given flowers, poetry, and Steve lets him rant to him about being laid up like this. When Steve leaves the Tower for Avengers business like press conferences or community service, he always sticks up for Tony when the reporters say something horribly rude or unkind. It always leaves Tony a bit breathless and more than a lot horny. Not that he'd ever admit that to the super soldier.
Tony tilts his head down so Steve can see his eyes. He blinks slowly. "Um. No one's? I've been through one Super-sized Civil War already, and that was one time too many for my lifetime, so I'm good, thanks."
“It started off as a long day. I was working a part-time job, and it was raining. I liked the job well enough, there are worse ones, you know. I’d had… well, little faith in myself at the time because classes were tough, and it felt like no matter how hard I tried I just couldn’t bring up that damn GPA. It was… a rough time in my life. I’ve never told you this before, Tones, but Arthur was my first relationship. I’d done dates before, I guess, but not many.
happened upon while using the time stone. According to Strange, they thought that they had picked up on an energy signature similar to a stone when they rescued Tony a short while back. The soul stone, to be exact. They hadn't found anything, however, except for Tony himself.
As always, comments and kudos mean the world to me and I'm sorry I've been so... silent lately. I promise I'll try to respond more often. I've just been in a not-so-great headspace recently, so that's why i've been... absent.
He sighs. “I… I… con– concede. To wha’ eve’... jus’... jus’ make me better…” Tony passes out after that. He trusts Cho.
Fortunately, this seems to cause great surprise to the alien so his grip slackens and Tony falls to the floor. He holds his belly and closes his eyes shut for the next 90 seconds while he waits for the contraction to pass.
“You know,” Natasha begins, “T’Challa is rallying all of his warriors and anyone fighting fit. The… others… are going to assemble to give Wakanda a hand. T’Challa is really grateful for your warning. Without you, he wouldn’t have known until it was too late. The pirates, looters, and whoever else is attacking are being driven away from the coast as we speak. We couldn’t have done it without you, Tony.” She gives him a pat on the shoulder and looks away awkwardly.
"Luciana Margaret Stark will be the girl," he says decidedly. "Lucy means 'light' and Ana... Ana was Jarvis's wife. She was-- she was incredible. If my mom was like a cloud, then she was the ground, and Aunt Peggy was a force of nature," he smiles, "she probably wasn't suited for parenting. Too badass, and plus she didn't want kids; she loved her career. But she and my mother were best friends, and she always told the best stories. She gave pretty good advice, too, before she-- well, you know. I loved her like another mother regardless. Her, and Ana as well."
"It's official. Whatever deity exists, they hate me and they've sent me to my own personal hell." He inhales to go on a long-winded rant, but... "Wait a minute. You guys don't-- I can't-- holy shit. I can't smell. Why the fuck can't I smell you?"
“Oh? Is that so?” Rhodey lifts an eyebrow and then he gets scared, “Wait, does this mean that my razzleberry pie rights are revoked too?”
The doctors have finally given him the all-clear to sign out. He would’ve signed out sooner, but Jacey is very persuasive at getting him to follow doctor’s orders. Cho and Bruce would be so jealous. He’d also just had another ultrasound and he’d found out that the babies were doing fine, he was approximately three months along, and –as he expected– he’d need to go on bed-rest in three months from now. As it was, the doctors told him it would be wise to take things very easy, to not bend over, and to not lift things over ten pounds. He sighed. He was going to be
tooth-rotting, rainbow-vomitting, puddle of feelings, FLUFF. That's all it is. 4,121 words or 9.2 pages of warm fuzzy feelings to heal the soul. There might be a dash of hurt/comfort in there too, but OMG THE FLUFF idk what happened. commenters happened. 20k+ readers happened. Literally, the whole time i was like oh wait wanna add this oh NO WAIT one moreeeee thingggg -- and look? you get 15 minutes worth of nothing but fluffy feelings.
“The symptoms aren’t as obvious in the pairing’s counterpart,” he says finally, “usually only omegas and female betas experience the syndrome’s worsrt symptoms. In alphas, it presents as them being ‘picky’ or waiting a long time for the right partner to come along.”
She looks at Tony again. “‘Без рая ... без оазиса ... смерть найдет тебя’ (Bez raya ... bez oazisa ... smert' naydet tebya).” [
, and I want you to tell him why you think he is one. I want you to apologize for every wrong you’ve done or said, Steven Grant Rogers, or so help me I will not hesitate to maim you.
was the writer.” Tony put his chin in his hand and quirks his lips. He always did love a good loophole.
Tony inhales sharply and rougly gets out of his seat. He doesn’t have any luggage, so he walks out of the plane and leaves Jacey behind.
She thinks of everything she’s ever lived through. She thinks of her father who didn’t deserve her, and of growing up too fast. Of past bullies and hardships, but she’d made it through. She forgave her father, eventually, for his short-comings and loved him even when he didn’t really deserve that. She’s made her peace. Tony’s trying to make his with Steve and the Avengers. Steve is now trying to make his.
"Nooooooo! Take me home! Dear god! Wait, does that mean that this world's me has not invented the StarkPhone? Or
“Nope,” Tony’s in a great mood now. Possibly because Steve cursed, because of Steve’s accent, and–oh right–because Steve defended him.
He only hopes it’s not too late for Tony to forgive him. That he still has a chance. He’ll have to thank Tony’s older double later for making him see the error of his ways.
He meets this world's Tony. It's both excellent and terrifying. Terrifying, because he hears about all the shit that's happened to him, and all that the team has been through. But... Tony is also jealous of Stark. The team has been together a long time, and there's a lot of trust there that his own team just hasn't had time to build. He can't believe Stark started hero-ing so
Stephen sighs heavily and eyes the metal case. "The... stones; gems, or whatever you'd like to call them."
Tony’s life has been stock full of rejection, so really, one more comes as no surprise. He hadn’t expected to be soul-bonded either, and especially not to Steve. He’s not sure what Wanda’s talking about with the whole u’hoa thing.
“Shut up. I just–” Tony takes another deep breath and the nausea fades away. “Ugh. That’s like morphine. Okay, kid, I’m good. Thanks.” The engineer wheezes and wipes his face. “Sorry.”
“I just want you to know,” the blond gives a watery smile, “that you’re the reason I wanted to change who I used to be.”
And Jacey is laughing, hard, but still crying and she swats at Tony. “No,” she sob-laughs, “I’ll tell him your stupid hormones are overwhelmingly powerful.”
Tony's eyes go wide and he knows of only one mercenary crazy enough to dig through trash in his free time. He folds his arms and asks them to
Before Jacey can respond, the pilot’s voice says that they will now begin landing, and that they are slightly ahead of schedule.
“I don’t know, sugar, I don’t know. But, we can try. I’m going to help you through this, Tones, I swear it.” Her voice is solemn and soothing all at once. Tony wishes he loved her instead.
He’d thought that that was okay. He’d been alone before, after all. This… the team shouldn’t be affecting him this way. Why was it affecting him this way?
p.s. if you want to request a certain scene in any other Avengers universe for us to visit, just lemme know, K? i'll try and work it in ;)
Also-- remember when I said I wasn't sure how I was gonna cope if Marvel didn't fix IW pt 2 (i.e. Endgame)?? Yeah? This is me very much NOT coping. like at all. 13 pages and a little over 3000 (*gross sobbing*) words of definitively NOT COPING.
"No. Not since... well, it doesn't matter anymore. But, you hated me-- blamed me--and you were right to, you know. It was. My fault. I just, wanted to tell you that. Even if it's not... well, I guess, you?"
. Tall trees, waterfalls, grass so green it was almost flourescent, and stunning wildlife and plantlife. It was absolutely marvelous. Tony could stand here and look at it all day.
"Why would I..." He still doesn't understand. He feels the lingering 'but' like a splinter; an ominous premonition clawing its way out to be revealed, but doesn't yet dare.
Carol raises an eyebrow in turn. “Well, why else would you, personally, Mr. Ross, ‘request’,” she raises her fingers to airquote, “to see me? Other than for my new book that tells all of NASA’s dirty secrets, hm?”
Also my memory of 616-verse comics is spotty at best and at worse is filled in with research from fan sites, so terribly sorry if anything is off-- lemme know and i'll fix :)
Ant-Man looks up to Clint and then to Steve. “That was intense, man. You… well, you shoulda seen the look on your face.”
Tony and Steve's conversation at the coffee shop continue for the next hour. Tony just barely manages to convince Steve to talk to Stark and come together as a team. The Captain is more than just
“I am sorry. I know… I know it’s not much, but I just. I never wanted this to happen, you know? I’d… there’s lots I could’ve done differently, but I can’t change the past–”
Tony just sighs and scrubs a hand down his face. Tony, Reed Richards, Stark, and Jane Foster had all gathered together in Reed's lab to discuss the parallels and the differences of their worlds. So far, it sounds like Tony's world is one nasty weather forecast away from being the most bad-luck-ridden universe these Avengers have ever had the pleasure of interacting with. And, yeah, Tony can see how two alien invasions, Thor's decimated home world, an evil robot rampage, and countless Hydra base boomings would lead them to that conclusion. A "villain" attacking is standard operating procedure as far as Tony's concerned. In fact, that's practically every Tuesday. Granted, his villain's are much less super-y and a lot more terrorist-y, so who's really got the short end of the stick here?
“Well. It blew up a whole bunch of people, it’s unstable, and it’s a poor mimic for Erskine’s formula.”
, and friends don’t try to kill one to save another. That’s not how it works. Cho is extremely upset with the captain for this. She immediately dials Rhodes’s number when Tony passes out.
Tony's brows come together in confusion. "It's in Minnesota. It was a school shooting -- not a bombing -- but still ten people died, I remember it being 2005ish because it was on the news for weeks. There was also, of course, Blacksburg in 2007 -- 33 dead -- but you guys haven't hit 2007, yet, and the only other one that comes close to that was Newton in 2012. I haven't heard of a super major school bombing since the Bath Disaster in 1927. Did that happen here?"
When his head wasn't spinning and his eyes were no longer seeing spots of gray and black stars, he remembered where he was
He's in the middle of another contraction when Jacey and the others burst in. Which means he's screaming bloody murder and sobbing through the agony. Steve heads right for Tony, gripping his hand and holding Tony close to his body. His alphan pheromones automatically release to calm and soothe his laboring omega. It also means that Steve will become incredibly aggressive to anyone who threatens his vulnerable children and omega. Jacey sits on the other side of Steve and starts crooning to hopefully ease some of Tony's pain. The midwife situates herself in between Tony's legs and tries to get a feel for how dilated the cervix in his birth canal is.
“In fact, it sounded like it’d be the kind of Top Secret document that even the President would have trouble getting a hold of.” Tony fold his hands together.
. No. No, he didn’t. Steve had Sharon now, and god wasn’t that the strangest thing ever: his dead Aunt Peggy’s niece with his sort-of lover–– ugh. What a nightmare. Well, the good thing was that he wouldn’t start showing until about the fourth month, and he wouldn’t be completely obviously pregnant until about the sixth/seventh month of pregnancy. After that he’d be on bed-rest for the remaining four months, so he could just say he was taking leave and not let anyone bother him or see him until he got the C-section. Lovely.
He could certainly see, back then, that she and Happy were getting... close. He'd have been jealous and bitter and a little bit betrayed by that if he hadn't been so busy keeping up with Captain America's insatiable libido. Say what you want about the Capsicle, but 95 years old he was not. It'd been going good, and Tony had been careful. Though, it would seem, not careful enough.
“Rogers,” Fury begins, “Stark was arrested on false charges. Mostly all of yours. Their line of thinking was that if they couldn’t punish the other rogue Avengers, they’d pin it all on the one they
I think you guys know by now that I have thing for cliffhangers. Really. I can't seem to help it. I'd apologize.... but that would be dishonest.
Steve’s eyes are going a little wild, and Tony knows he’s probably going to go on a rampage sooner than later, but he focuses on Tony’s face and answers the best he can. “Y-yeah. We all did. Tony, we all signed. Tony I’m so, so sorry. I didn’t mean to yell– I don’t–”
“Yeah,” he mumbles, “it’s been like that since I got my first check up during puberty and my first heat was… more difficult than it should have been.”
Temper, temper, Stark, Tony thinks idly. "Yeah. She was kidnapped by Killian and he injected her with Extremis, but I gave her a counter-acting agent of the strain to make her more or less baseline. And, well, a lot less... volatile," Tony winces as he thinks of all the bodies he saw erupt.
"No, of course not. Not that we had many, well, we had--one? But, no, that's suicidal. What kinda fuckin' idiot would make-- oh." Tony goes quiet.
Cho grins. “I know. When you’re done bowing to the throne, meet me in the kitchen for breakfast. You’ve gotta eat for two now, you know. Not to mention we need to rehydrate you.”
“You smell so good, Rhodey-bear… and I’ve been married to the damn porcelain throne for the last three days, and I just… alphan scents comfort me.”
“I brought you one of those frappucino things, from that coffee place I mentioned. It’s not caffeinated,” Steve blushes as he assures Tony.
Tony rolls his eyes.  “It was, at first. It didn’t… it didn’t mean anything. But, then, well we started getting along. Off the field, and on it. I started noticing Steve, and not just the Captain. I started… wondering what it would be like,” he murmurs, “if it
“Hmm…” Jacey gets a thoughtful look on her face, “You know, I think I remeber back in one of my college classes there was a case study going on. I think it had to do with similar situations to yours right now.”
Steve wakes covered in rubble with a massive headache and probably a broken arm and leg. He moves the chunk of ceiling that tried to flatten him off, and slowly extricates his aching limbs from Tony’s. That’s when he sees the piece of metal protruding through Tony’s left leg. He’s bleeding profusely.
“So impatient, young Padawan,” she smirks. “I may or may not have said something about the content he was watching in public, rather loudly, to my friends. Mind you, I was rather shy back in the day, so I really thought he hadn’t heard me,” she snickers.
“Uh, could I get a name first? I mean––it’s just––I don’t usually put out on the first date without a name.” Stark makes a herculean attempt to not laugh at his own remark.
“Holy shit, that’s Tony Stark. What the hell is he doing here?” A gratingly young voice sounds somewhere.
Tony knows she only means well. That she tries to get him to heal, even when he doesn’t want to. “...Yeah?”
And, If Tony asks really nicely, Steve will make him something to eat and watch terrible romantic comedies with him on the couch. Probably not the best movie choices, but Steve doesn’t seem to mind. It’s nice.
. Steve isn't ready, but he does as asked and moves away. Their bond trembles, even as he establishes new ones with the infants. His heart is breaking. He has so, so many regrets. So much to still make up for.
Natasha is silent by his side and says nothing for a long time. He knows she probably heard what he’d really meant. She closes her eyes and opens her mouth.
Stephen Strange and Reed Richards come up on the elevator and the doors open to reveal the two men covered in dirt, blood, and general grime. Their faces are haggard and they're hauling around a heavy looking metal suitcase. Tony's eyebrow quickly flies up. He blinks and nods his head toward the direction of the bathroom.
“I understand. You’re lucky I was in town for a convention, Mr. Stark, otherwise you would have had to be hospitalized for sure.”
The doctor–not nurse–smiles back. “I would hope so! They don’t drag me out of bed for nothin’ these days, ya know!”
“... Not long. I– he was due back home– his term was up last week. I– well, a broken bond is… unpleasant. I apologize.”
Tony chuckles and blinks away tears. He’s going to regret giving in to that moment of weakness later. If there is a later. He can feel his body going into shock and he knows that with this much blood still pumping out, he’s probably hit a major artery. He is bleeding out.
He then tells her about college and MIT and how he’d met Rhodey. He tells her about the bullying and the constant kidnappings, and finally… He'd thought that he'd been infertile since he'd been in his twenties, but apparently he'd been wrong about that. And he hadn't had a heat since... well. Since Yinsen, and  the doctor had told him it wasn't unusual for traumatizing events and extreme life-threatening situations to mess with an omega's hormones to such a degree that heats became... obsolete and/or unnecessary for survival.
Her eyes sharpen and her gazes fixes to the wall at the end of the hall in a tenacious glare. She won't let this turn out the way 616 did. She won't.
. He wouldn't say that, though, because Pepper—Ms. Potts—would disagree and ask him if he's okay, and he couldn't
“Well, yeah, obviously.” Tony could pat the kid on the back for that. Tony feels relief wash over him and he drifts off to sleep with more hope than he’s had in a long time.
Rhodey recognizes the insignia on the men's outfits pulling Tony from the car before he can calm down. It's Hydra. Goddammit.
,” she says with a flair of drama, “I tell him that if he wanted to buy me coffee that badly all he had to do was ask.” She gets a thoughtful look on her face, “I should mention that being salty to strangers is an extremely unusual practice for me.”
“Never mind, Rogers,” Tony exhales out of his nose, “I’m-- I’m being harsh in my opinion of her.” He pinches his nose and wills the emerging headache away.
Strange looks confused and then looks at where Tony’s gesturing. “Oh, right. Of course.” The doctor comes over and skillfully pulls out any… inconveniences embedded in his body. It’s quick and not very fun, but Strange seems to be in a hurry.
Steve tries to school away his hurt expression before Tony can see it; before the rejection can truly register even in his own mind. But then Tony is jerking his body forward into Steve’s arms and he collapses.
They grit their teeth, but they do go eventually. They know this is no time for arguments, so they rush to the elevator and head down to the streets.
Tony Stark was standing right in front of him and, for a moment, despite seeing it with his own two eyes, he really couldn’t believe it.
wanna find me on tumblr? (if you still use it post-purge, that is.) I'm SpiritedObsession. Feel free to message me :)
"T-Take them off... they're... hungry. Take... good care of... ok?" His eyes are flickering open and shut. His voice is so, so soft and
“No, they’re just incredibly rare and incredibly sought-after. It is the most revered bond we have in society, Tony. Even back during the early days of all this, when everything was new, and all the social hardships tore our country apart, the one thing that everyone respected was the soul bond. It didn’t matter who had it or who with, just that they got to experience it.
oh, right! and if anyone knows if this is recced or got fan-art anywhere let me know so i can give them all some LOOOOOVVEEE! <3 (and link the rest of you to it mwahaha)
“No… I’m needed here, but thanks. You could stay too.” For a second, Tony almost thinks she regrets not taking him up on it.
Tony’s heart twists and his head is spinning. No. Steve can’t– Steve can’t do this to him. No. It takes everything Tony has to not start sobbing right there. It’s almost too good to be true.
“I’ve got you a doctor’s note, honey bunch, don’t worry. You are only to participate in activities where you are sitting down, and exercise is to be extremely limited,” Jacey nods firmly.
The placentas both come out easily. There's too much blood, and it's still trickling out of his canal. He's hemorrhaging, she knows. It's too late.
The question makes Steve freeze because it made him think of Tony. Tony, who had helped him through his last rut not even a month ago. He isn’t due for a rut for another few weeks, and, for the first time in about a year, he’ll have to deal with it by himself.
“Rhodes, perhaps, if you called Captain Rogers and he saw Tony’s state they’d be more amenable to signing the Accords.”
"Huh?" Steve finally utters after a flabbergasted look contorts his facial features into something truly worthy of hilarity.
"Yeah." She clasps her hands together, trying to keep them from shaking. She closes her eyes. "I hadn't meant to push. I just... I thought you needed to hear it, even if you didn't
SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO amalee02, MoonyKat, kana117, thejester, Uko_chan, DaughteroftheSilverMoon, BLynn1, EchoSiriusRumme, Sarah, chibi_attack, mitochondrials, AND BASICALLY EVERYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN WITH ME SINCE THE BEGINNING AND/OR HAS LEFT MORE THAT ONE COMMENT. thank you. i love you guys so, so much. (if you have left more than one comment and/or have been here since i started this PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND SO I CAN GIVE YOU SOME LUVIN)
It's warm today, but not oppressively hot for a July afternoon in New York City. It's just past the lunch rush, so there's fewer people clogging the sidewalks. The fashion looks like it flew in from the 2000s, which given the year, isn't all that inaccurate. Tony chuckles to himself. The billboards are showing both things he hasn't seen before and things that are long in the past. It's... distracting.
the stones. The time stone, apparently was passed down to Strange coincidentally, and the reality stone he
He was walking down the hallway, and looked out the window. He had to stop for a moment to catch his breath because, God, was it
for love. Next thing I know, I’m watching Steve fall into the Pontomac, and I realized we had a fledgling bond. After all that… well, it’s just one thing after another.”
Jacey opens her mouth, and then realization dawns on her face. Her mouth forms an ‘o’. Her eyes get very sad when she searches Tony’s eyes. “It’s… complicated,” she replies, “For some, it’s communication. For others, it’s compromise. For us… for us, it’s trust.” Tony notices, for once, that her eyes go a little distant and her body language closes off ever so slightly.
*peaks over wall* so... uh... so what'd you think? *ducks incoming projectile items* okay. so. just. if it's any consolation I ripped my own heart out too, so. um, at least it was long?
He blinks awake–aware (semantics)–to some alarm going off. He’s still on that damnable chair, but he’s not on the tiny island. He’s also tipped on to his side and something that feels an awful lot like hope curls in his chest. He tries to squash it down. He’s so weak and exhausted, though, he doesn’t think he’d manage to break the bonds anyways. His eyes slip back closed.
Tony moans when he takes a sip. “My precious… I missed you. I love you,” he strokes the cup endearingly. He freezes. Wait. This is… this is exactly the frou frou drink he used to order when– oh sweet mother of god.
He tells her about the homecoming, his own bed, the nightmares, the PTSD, burgers, and Stane– he shudders and grips his chest. “He tore it out,” he whispers and his eyes glaze over for a moment, “I was helpless.”
Steve collapses onto the nearest bench and holds his head in his hand. He keeps muttering, “What have I done? What have I
dead drunk and/or on drugs at the time, so I just rethought her formula, remade it, stabilized all the... dodgy parts of the serum's genetic makeup, and overrode the version of Extremis in her body with that one. Why? Has Extremis been a problem here for you guys?" Tony taps his chin and eyes the other scientists in the room. They're all grimacing, and Stark is very obviously uncomfortable.
Ok, so he knew how. Obviously. Sex twice a day with four or five rounds each time for three months straight probably hadn't been the best move if Tony had been trying to
“Stuff it, McStuffins. You damn well know that I know who Stern is if you’ve watched the news at all in the last decade.”
Finally, Jane speaks up, looking vaguely ill. "School... massacres... are commonplace? In your world?"
“Yes, I should.” Her voice is adamant and steady and Tony thinks she means it. He really needs to stop trusting people.
Ross smiles. "Breaking your contract, assault on federal agents, obstruction of justice, withholding information, being a public nuisance, damage to government property, etcetera, etcetera..."
Jacey arches a brow and then her lips slowly quirk into a devilish smile, “Lemon, huh? Be careful what you wish for…”
Tony wondered what that must’ve been like. To be anonymous. To maybe be seen first as a hero and last as Tony Stark. He can’t even imagine, but it must’ve been… nice. Freeing.
Tony thinks sarcastically while hiding his smirk behind his palm. He raises a brow and moves his hand from his mouth to rest in his lap. “You tell me, Cap. Does that sound like something your Stark would do?”
He’d think of how much he misses them all, but down that path lies darkness and sadness and nightmares. He’d rather not think of the metaphorical limb they tore off. He especially doesn’t want to think about Steve.
“I know,” Cho responds, “that you think that you can’t sign… But you almost did, didn’t you? This whole disaster could have been avoided if you’d just–” Cho sighs heavily. “Look, it’s just… Tony… Tony didn’t have a lot of choice in the matter. He
The strawberry-blonde stares down at her hands, notices the near-empty plane, gathers her stuff, and slowly walks out.
After a while, he stops thinking and he stops shaking. That’s when Labcoat comes to get him, or rather puts him back in the metal cage.
She just laughs and gets a mad twinkle in her eye. This spells disaster, Tony decides. Richards has just dug himself a grave.
“For our one-year anniversary, he took me to the coffee shop where we first met, and got down on one knee. I told him right then and there that this was it for me. That he was the only one for me, and that I could never love again. I told him that if he was okay with forever -- if he promised to never betray me -- I’d marry him.” A dopey, love-sick, faraway look appears in her eyes as she gets lost in time.
Stark sounds both astonished and disappointed. It's very confusing having himself being disappointed in, well, himself. Especially considering that that particular brand of self-loathing is locked and loaded and is just waiting for his latest fuck-up to fire.
. He couldn’t do that to himself. He wouldn’t. His self-preservation instincts may be practically non-existant, but he did have them.
The beatings get worse, but it’s the psychological warfare that the doc’s subjected him to that finally takes its toll and makes him go quiet. He’s having a strange out-of-body experience when he hears the doc chatting on the phone.
Steve’s crestfallen face and puppy-dog eyes hit Tony full-force. “It wasn’t exactly any of my business, and it’s not like I asked. Well, I didn’t really have the right to even ask. After what I did. I’m… I’m still so, so sorry, Tony. I– I was the bully, you know that right?”
Steve goes stock still instantly. His eyes go big and round with shock, and he leans down to scent Tony’s neck glands. By the way the blond recoils, Tony knows the blockers are doing fuck all to mask his scent. “S-
The one emotion he had more trouble dealing with than any of the others combined, however, was grief. He first saw grief in all it’s terrible glory the day they hauled Tony away in a van. An event he witnessed at the JCTC stronghold on a television. Ross had been smirking, and then Vision had experienced rage. Next, he saw Colonel Rhodes crying out on the same TV and Vision didn’t know what to do.
