“I've been feeling a little nauseous quite often again. Other than that and an occasional migraine, nothing, no.”
physical caging; he probably didn't even know how a typical Alpha would react.
The Omega stood, looked at Sherlock in disbelief and blinked. “You just texted me.”
“Honestly, I don't understand why you're making such a fuss about it. It's not like we're packing your things!” she tutted in amusement, sitting down across from him.
They'll get better eventually. Probably.
Greg glanced down at the boy in response to the curse, but said nothing when Tommy didn't react. He sighed, nodding. “Sure makes me uncomfortable.” He was looking around, then, as he shook his head. “God damn, this is the 21
It seemed to take the Omega ages to prepare him – seating just one finger completely inside was apparently problematic because John clenched on the inside, pushing the digit back out, but Sherlock was gentle and insistent. It started getting better, though, when the younger one poked the tip of a second finger inside, stretching the tight muscles in a way that wasn't painful, but rather deliciously. It was then that John broke away from Sherlock's swollen lips to kiss along the line of his throat, finding the one spot that made the man moan regardless of where and in what situation they were. And he bathed in the beautiful sound, the thick rumble that was Sherlock's voice. He could feel his Omega's cock stiffening against him once more and that, along with those unholy noises, had his own member come back to life as well.
A smile spread across John's lips, and he whispered a heavy “thank you” before getting back up and sitting down on the floor by his pups again. Sherlock joined the group in the living room, though instead of sitting down, he reached for his violin case. He instantly had the attention of all the children, with such a new situation, they were eager to see what would happen. They looked back at John occasionally to see his reaction, but John hardly noticed and, as ever, they imitated him, looking at Sherlock and smiling. Emilia bumped her fist against Jacob to point at where her brother was already looking, sharing the amazing thing she had found, even though she didn't understand it, only that it must be captivating, if her dad was so focused on it.
Some people liked to catalogue scents by icomparing them to fruits or flowers or other natural scents. John never did that. He wanted to smell the human being, not something that smelt similar because he was thinking about it. He wanted to smell Sherlock, not
Fun's over and Sherlock's rational mind greets him with complaints and concerns.
John gaped at Sherlock like a stunned sloth as the man fired this information at him just before he could make for the stairs. “Uh, thanks.”
There was a careful knock on the door. “Sherlock? You alright?”
down there. He was so far gone; too far, in fact, to even be repelled by this disgusting craving of being infiltrated by another person's genitalia, like he always had been with other people. Right now, that seemed simply marvellous, most desirable.
“Ah, I don't think so. I asked you to come here to make arrangements, did I not.” John butted in, stepping between the two taller men.
“Was the easiest, I figured. No crumbs, easy feeding..”
His arms settled around his belly as he came to more and more, an unconscious attempt at keeping his pups warm even as he was shaking with the low temperature.
An appointment at the obstetrician's and a very lazy end of the day.
“It's a three-patch-problem.”
John nodded, closing his eyes as he took and released a deep breath. “No, I.. I know that.” he said in a quick manner, still fighting with the truth of it. “But.. What you felt, your.. I felt that and it made feel like I was right there. Like I was the one doing that to you.” John's voice had become thin, so he stopped adding any more words. After a pause, in which Sherlock had almost interrupted him, he spoke up again, though. “He did rape you, didn't he?”
his feet hurting. “Come on, we'll take a direct cut there now, get something to feed those soon-to-be monsters in there.” John chuckled, his free arm angling around to pat his mate's coat-covered belly.
“As I said,” the man began, his smirk growing wider as he left the room, “my boss isn't stupid.” With that, the door fell shut and was locked again.
He yawned heartily and nudged Sherlock. “Let's get into bed, love.”
“No, I can't Sherlock. I can't do that-”
John laughed. “You're actually planning on enduring him long enough?”
They had to wait for five more minutes, the venue steadily filling with Alphas and Betas. No one questioned John talking to one of the guests the whole time. Apparently, as a Beta or Alpha, you could do everything, even slack off at work.
“Tell me what I can do.”
Sherlock raised his hand to rub at his tired eyes. “I must have passed out in my mind palace.. I am literally doing nothing all day long and yet I never was so tired!”
“Sherlock, why the hell would you want to impregnate me?!”
“Are you sure?” the Omega asked, receiving a confirming nod as an answer.
“Turrnitoooooooffffffffffff!” Sherlock repeated, suddenly 200% more annoyed than before. Not that he'd not been annoyed before. Rarely as he slept, though more often now sex had joined his daily exhausters, he hated being woken or disturbed while cuddling. He really had to have control over everything.
John knew he wasn't overweight, but with the standard that society set for Omegas' beauty, he just felt ugly. Not that it mattered, he wasn't trying to attract any partners, but he missed the strength and agility he once knew as an army doctor. Mrs Hudson's compliments were nice, but hardly helpful. He retreated himself to 221B after about an hour. He was in his bedroom when Sherlock got back in. He heard the Alpha rummaging around, making noise, but he refused to pay him any attention, very much angry at Sherlock's previous move. It took Sherlock merely a few text messages to get John downstairs, though, and the Omega hated himself for it.
The Alpha frowned deeply at that. “Why would I pretend? I'm not pretending, John. Do with them whatever you like, just make sure they don't interfere with my work.”
“There was nothing else ready!” he replied in a fake huff.
He only noticed Sherlock when he mage the mattress dip low beside him. His head snapped over to look at his mate and Sherlock's look was still distant, but warmer. “I turned off the tab, then.” he said, falling quiet for a minute before starting again. “I don't like you very much at the moment, John. You're not my mate. It seems we're back to when we first met. Like you're trying, but you're not being as open with me as you want me to be with you. What am I to you? The strange, intriguing man, who knew more about you than you would like after knowing you only a couple of seconds? Am I that weird, breezy, drug-addicted man you couldn't really trust?”
“Got the day off, but I'll bring the little ones to daycare at their usual time.”
“As did you.”
“An Omega Purist, to be precise, yes.” Sherlock add nonchalantly, though the way he was looking at John had shifted. He still didn't look unkind. “Don't put up pretence apology where you don't honestly feel sorry. You are free to leave at any time, but I would advice you to wait until I have dismantled the auction society.” the Alpha concluded smoothly, standing up just as the doorbell rang, but instead of going to open it, Sherlock jotted down some notes on a piece of paper and folded it. Seconds later steps on the stairs became audible, even and steady. John turned around in the red armchair to see a tall man appear in the doorway. He was the same height as Sherlock, though older than him, but the cold, blue eyes were about the same. The visitor eyed him with the same analytical stare that Sherlock seemed to be applying constantly and while it was utterly emotionless, it bore no resentment. The new Alpha looked vastly superior, not because of his gender, but because of his almost tangible intellect. John dared to think this man was even cleverer than Sherlock, who was already impressive beyond fiction. Another person entered the room, a female Omega. Her presence threw John off entirely. She was smartly dressed, carrying a bag that she put on the floor near the door and pulled out a smartphone. She began tapping away on it, seemingly ignoring the rest of the room, even the Alpha, who John assumed was her employer, as he couldn't smell an intermingling of their scents like a bond would create. He could barely grasp the concept of her rudeness in the face of
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but agreed. He hated to admit his weakness, but his pups meant everything to him and he'd go through hell to protect them. Even if it meant for him to feel undignified.
he want Sherlock to do? “It's uh.. It's okay. You don't have to stay, I know you don't feel comfortable around these things.”
“Really? Are you sure?”
needs, you would have known that!”
“Fine with me.” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “As long as we get a real meal later, I mean.” he added with a smug grin, drawing slow circles over the small bump that was his once concave midsection.
“She seems to be the first one to wake rather frequently over the past weeks.”
“Neither did I.” John was happy to say there was a small smile on Sherlock's lips as he said that, looking at the Omega. “The police are going to arrest your Omega and Beta parents, I trust you've read all of my note?”
At some point, he and John made eye contact again and John began dancing at him, closing most of the distance between them. He didn't touch Sherlock, but the desire was very visible in his eyes. Sherlock briefly looked down to John's hips, finding the Alpha's cock stirring against his jeans and his pelvis moving very deliberately, very suggestively and very enticingly. He gasped a little in surprise and looked back up into John's face, which was covered in pure eroticism.
John took the seat opposite him, sitting still, waiting for the Alpha to acknowledge his presence.
“That was my brother Mycroft. He has a habit of being a pain in the arse.” he said as he sat down and grabbed his violin.
I've been correcting some mistakes, like John and Sherlock leaving the house twice.. if you find any more, please let me know.
“How long...?”
with Mycroft long enough for him to actually accept a drink.
John looked to Sherlock, who answered him with a nod. “Of course we won't. Now tell us, what happened?”
How did this man ever join the police. “Did he leave behind anything with access to the internet?”
A month later, the living room had been freed of all the boxes and was instead cluttered with sheets of paper and books everywhere. John didn't get it, but Sherlock swore there was a logical order to it all. The Omega was just glad that he was still there and accepted it all.
Finally, relaxed, he arrived back, offering Sherlock a brief hello, but dashing right upstairs to where his pups lay in their cots. Emilia was stirring with his arrival and he stroked her cheek, picking her up before she could ask and holding her. His eyes fell closed as she gurgled quietly against his chest. He let his chin fall against her head and whispered to himself “getting there. Back on track, I promise I'll make it this time.” He then kissed the top of her head and directed his voice more towards her now. “We're going to get well. I won't leave you alone. Ever. You're my family.”
At that, Sherlock simply pulled him close and hugged him in unspoken apology and gratitude. “It's beautiful, John.”
“Mmmh, hungry?”
“I do. It looks very good on you!” He reached out to feel the material on one of the sleeves. It seemed expensive.
“Is it possible for an Omega to impregnate an Alpha?” Sherlock asked again, more persuasively – was he not speaking clearly?
John lay his arms around the Omega lazily, gently caressing his bare back, bringing one hand around to stroke the tiny bump, now having the space to do so as Sherlock had let the air out. “You are horrible, you know that?”
Sherlock grew more desperate to lend a hand as weeks passed and cases were rare, but he didn't know how to approach John. He couldn't figure out a way to suggest his aid without making it sound like John needed help, needed someone, was independent. He knew John didn't
best shag he's ever had. Just his riding-technique was...
Yvonne grinned knowingly at him, reached out and stroked down his arm. “You give 'em my best, yeah?” She waited while John answered in silence, nodding once with a smile. “Will I ever meet them?”
“No. You're not going to make promises again. You always say you'll do something about this, but you never really do. Sit down and eat that portion on your plate.” Sherlock ordered and John, unwillingly, complied.
To be fair, neither was Sherlock. “Why me? I-”
“I want a rocking chair in the nursery. Made of a dark wood. One that looks ancient.” he said, his eyes and voice soft.
“You. When have you last eaten more than a slice of bread.” the Omega demanded and John tried to keep up his act.
“I am afraid not, but it is still your right to decide otherwise.”
It was on a risky case, that the bomb finally exploded. They were hunting down a wanted rapist, only this one was a serial-rapist who hunted during her ruts. It may have been the smell of two Omegas chasing her that limited her capacities, but she was easily outrun and while John looked after her latest almost-victim until the police and ambulance arrived, Sherlock had gone ahead after the Alpha.
He couldn't bare and never wanted it to end, the symphonic melody to which John rocked their bodies. Gliding in and out of his body, hitting that one spot that seemed so secret, but in plain sight for John. The unbelievably talented orchestra that was merely John's mouth, granting freedom to croaked moans and stifled cries of incredulous sensations and yet Sherlock was the only one to ever hear, to know and not to tell. It was theirs. His. John was his and he was John's.
Walking the distance to the door and back, Sherlock almost collapsed back into bed, had he not been careful with their pups and John guided him slowly.
But whoever it was that bared the guilt of having made Sherlock who he was today, it might just as well be their fault he was missing now because Sherlock would likely not be working with the Yard now, wouldn't have so many enemies, probably wouldn't even know John. But at least, he'd be safe.
Sherlock shrugged. “I don't know. You're not outstandingly smart or handsome. Sure, you've got confidence, which is very attractive and tolerance for the weirdest of situations and people. You are compatible with the work, which is much appreciated. But why I love you, I can't explain. I just do. And I did before. Sometimes, I regret this bond as well because I never got to tell you how I felt when you would still believe me one hundred percent. Then again, if all this hadn't happened, I might have never told you in the first place. I just love you because that's how I feel for you.”
http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/
John walked out the hospital with a sigh of relief – night shifts had never been his favourites. He'd much rather spend the night cuddled up into Sherlock than running up and down the halls of the quiet, sterile building just for the sake of doing
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took a long hot shower, leaning against the cold tiles on the wall for half of the time, the beautiful contrast between hot and cold making his blood pressure rise and his body feel alive again.
“Well, yes, technically. The reproductive organs and mechanisms are still intact in some, but really that would depend on the genetic-”
It sounded as much like a not-answer as the evasion Sherlock had used before, but, actually, John understood it. He knew exactly what he meant.
“I really don't understand how all this is working. It's just.. not scientifically plausible to me how we can share our emotions with one another, but it's happening. You're breaking me with your sadness, John. You don't mean to, I am aware, but then let me help you. We need to get out of this somehow.”
“So am I. What does that mean, I 'dropped another ovum'? I wasn't in heat.”
There was no chance John had only ever been with female Omegas – the way of expertise with which he treated his aching cock, kissing his head, licking down to the shaft with just the tip of his tongue, licking back up with the entire width of it before enveloping it with his lips an dipping down slowly, taking him almost all the way in, making Sherlock's pelvis snap upwards in confusion of ancient male instinct of trying get his penis into a fertile hole, conflicting with ancient Omega instinct of grinding against simply anything that might sooth the incredibly painful itch of having to have something up his bloody arse.
“What about Tommy's father; is there any chance he could have taken him?”
John could pinpoint exactly the last time he'd had as much fun as he was having chasing through London right behind Sherlock – it was when he'd been serving in Afghanistan. Purpose and adrenaline. He was their junkie. Though he would argue Sherlock to be quite similar to him in that regard. Out of breath, giggling, they stood back in 221B, leaning against the wall. Sherlock Holmes was a ridiculous man, but then, so was he.
He turned back to Sherlock. “Sorry, can I- can I leave her in the chair?”
“But I have to..” John whispered weakly as Greg went in front of the door to call his sergeant, who immediately grabbed a colleague to take with her to check on Sherlock. “He's pregnant, what if it's something to do with our pups? He's only just entered the second trimester, he could be having a miscarriage-”
John frown against his chest as he himself stared at the ceiling, sticking to the ignore-emotion-technique he had pursued for most of the time they had talked. Come to think of it, he hadn't really changed position at all except for that one time on all fours, since all the other ones he'd spent looking up at John bent over him. Unusual for an Alpha to prefer a face-to-face position when their Omega is in heat, since they mostly preferred the submi- wait- their Omega?
“What is it, love-” the doctor began to ask innocently, then stopping when he saw Sherlock standing in front of the mirror, trousers still undone. “No!” he grinned, his eyes practically sparkling as he stepped up behind his Omega.
And indeed, John's eyes went right back to their dark hungry stare, uncertainty and shame followed by deep passion and arousal as he started to feed Sherlock spoon after spoon of the lukewarm dish.
“I'm sorry, had I known what you two are, I had let you do this immediately..”
Later, he was happy to announce to Sherlock, that he'd gotten the job. Sherlock seemed uninterested, not making a mention of how he'd found John the job. John, in return, didn't mention how the Beta was flirting with him. Not that he wasn't interested, he just didn't feel he wanted or needed a relationship at the moment. There were too many variables in his life at this point as it was. He couldn't get back into the suppressant routine, start a new job, take care of 5 newborns and enter a new relationship whilst also looking for accommodation. Yes, a partner could help him in some of these points, but it would definitely not help him in his attempt to become independent.
John considered Greg's request and while he didn't fancy ever talking to those people again, he could tell the desperation in the detective's voice and face was genuine. He agreed to come in the next morning, then got ready and left for work.
“Yes, I fear his Italian spirit hasn't gotten note of the British etiquette yet.” the Alpha replied, eyes already back on the building opposite.
“I doubt it.” John looked at him with a mix of amusement and intrigue. “From personal experience and knowledge, most of the time people develop to be the opposite of what they display in sleeping habits as toddlers. I used to sleep all day, Mycroft apparently hated bedtime. Cried himself hoarse.” He watched John for a reaction and then smirked when the Omega grinned. “What's your work schedule today?”
John, still stirred by the accusation of possible bad parenting - or perhaps rather clinging to his pups a bit too much – was dancing between saying something mean and being surprised by Sherlock backing down. “
I should stop starting new fics in such rapid succession, but I've been waiting for my mental prompt on how to start this fic for a couple weeks now and it just came to me and since I'm desperate for approval, I can't keep a chapter to myself for any length of time.
“Sherlock!” the plump Omega practically purred, cocking her head and approached him with a stance that was clearly expecting a hug.
“Because in his mind I am his enemy. If you were to ask him, he'd probably say I'm his arch enemy. He does love to be dramatic.” Mycroft said, regarding the tip of his umbrella like he was absolutely done with Sherlock's shit.
“I.. Yes. Sherlock look at me. I'm... I'm not good. What if it stresses me out too much? What if I.. What if I shout at it? Or hit it?”
go out for cases!”
Now, enjoy the new chapter!
John lowered himself down from his elbows again slowly, relaxing gradually as Sherlock's finger pushed in and out of his hole by inches and his lips circled the helmet, he hollowed his cheeks, drawing another huffed grunt from the Alpha. So, Alpha and Omega cocks were alike, then, same areas more or less sensitive than others. He just had to do what John had done on him and what he had imagined John to do ever since. However, he was aware that taking down all of John would be impossible, not even because of gagging. He had to cover up his plan to not expose John to his apparent embarrassment any further, so he let his free hand push up the muscular thigh and had it play with the Alpha's testicles for a moment, all the while teasing the tip of his cock, before he slid his slender fingers up to the base of it, massaging the skin that covered his knot.
Just two days later, as they were caught yet again in a tangle of limbs and kisses and rocking the clump of cells inside Sherlock in the calming rhythm of John fucking Sherlock senseless on their couch, John abruptly stopped in all his movement and moans and, to Sherlock's great displeasure, his cock went soft right there inside him.
Of course, it wouldn't.
cold towards him. “Okay.” he said, then nodded and awkwardly got up to fetch their cups and pour the boiling water into them. Handing Sherlock his mug with a murmured “I'll leave you to yourself then”, setting his own down on the small table, he took their bag and carried it into their bedroom, beginning to sort clean and dirty clothes and putting them away appropriately. He supposed it were the hormones. Other pregnant Omegas might get overly emotional, maybe Sherlock just got overly detached. He shouldn't be taking it harshly. Actually, he should have expected it. He didn't know why it affected him so badly, but something seemed to fall into place inside his mind, a gap that finally closed. He let himself fall back to sit on the bed, his head suddenly empty and full to the brim at the same time.
“John-” Sherlock started, but stopped to close his eyes as his body shook with a new wave of heat and arousal. “John, if anything, it would have been my duty to inform you about my approaching heat-”
John pursed his lips, taking deep breaths. So this was the same level as calling him stupid? Why? “Sherlock, why would you want to do that?” he repeated his question.
Sherlock merely hummed in confirmation, looking at John loving and longingly, glad they were finally back to their known privacy. John's expression let on much the same and Sherlock leaned down to kiss him passionately. He brought a hand up to cup the Alpha's face to deepen the kiss before John broke it off, a hint of a smile on his lips. “I'm gonna make some tea and prepare a bath, alright?”
The longer John held still inside him, the more impatient he got; the more afraid, John might pull out, he got; the more, let's be straight, panicky he got.
He fell asleep surrounded by them about two hours later, his arms keeping them close to him protectively.
century, how can people still think these things are acceptable?”
Sherlock looked up at him calmly, caressing his thighs. “Trust me, John.”
For a few seconds, they stared at one another, waiting for someone intelligent to spoil the answer. Rosie and Emilia even stopped licking for a moment. Then Alex bounced excitedly as the trained response to being done a favour popped back into his mind. Kat followed suit and soon five tiny humans were scrambling up onto wobbly legs. John held their treats while they did a walking practice into the kitchen. When Jacob stumbled, they waited patiently for him to get back up. Feeling like he would be intruding on something quite important, John sat still and merely listened as the stampede came to a halt and five little voices spoke a little too loudly. They thanked Sherlock, and apparently rather generously, as it took a while before one after another, they tumbled back into the living room, taking their ice lollies back from their father. Judging from the noise, they insisted on giving Sherlock a hug each and since his legs were blocked by the table, he likely had to lift them. It was a sweet thought, really. John didn't know why exactly they always insisted on hugging while showing gratitude. Someone at the nursery must have taught them that, intentionally or not. They had always loved physical contact, so it was probably something they'd adapted easily. At least he was sure he hadn't always hugged while saying thanks in front of them. He wasn't bitter, though, he did adore this kind of behaviour and it meant they understood the concept of gratitude, even if they still didn't always have that immediate reaction.
“Wh- How?!” John's question fell on deaf ears, like so often, and he thought to himself that it was less enigmatic, as Sherlock seemed to hope, and more annoying. Nevertheless, he caught up with the Alpha's long stride and they were marching straight for the entrance of the shabby place. There was a guard outside, a tall Beta with broad shoulders. He was about twice John's height, twice Sherlock's width.
A moment later John sat down in the other chair and just watched Sherlock for a second. “Something's bothering you.” he suddenly said matter-of-factly.
“Because it doesn't help.”
John gave a hum of agreement. “Maybe she'll become a morning person.”
Yes, John was smart, smarter than most people. It didn't really surprise Sherlock, that he had figured out how to block the other out only two days after he had been experiencing the same for the first time – the night they thought he had miscarried. Just thinking about it sent shivers down his spine and he felt sick to his stomach, the sheer idea of losing only one of their pups was enough to make him feel so low, he wanted to hide in some corner, get on a trip and never see the daylight again.
He had never taken Mycroft's offer, naturally, but he hadn't told Sherlock either. It was bugging him, though. Sherlock's brother had been right. Right now, it was a little boring for John, but that was because there was virtually nothing for him to do as a pregnant Omega. But even just sitting around at home, having followed Sherlock's work on the case, it had been sort of thrilling. Most of the time, Sherlock seemed to have forgotten John was even there, talking more to the skull above the fireplace, but listening to the Alpha's train of thought, listing his deductions and conclusions – it had been intriguing. He had thrown in his own information here and there, which Sherlock had absorbed without questioning the source, but John wished he could have done more, become a bigger part in it. It had been his very own fate that had depended on that case after all. But at least he was now assured they were all 'taken care of'; those he'd got in contact with and a large number more from other auction houses.
Sherlock didn't know it, and it made John feel a little giddy to watch him obliviously move back to consuming the last crumbs of bread and forkfuls of his meal, but, indeed, John had turned down an invitation to a date three days before this whole madness had started because he'd felt weird about it and thinking about it for the rest of that day and the entirety of that night had let him come to the long-denied conclusion, that he was already in love. Fallen, help- and hopelessly for his flatmate and best friend, who would never have known, had he not gone into heat.
There was a light twitch in John's lip. “Teddy bear murder?”
There was a smirk playing the thin line of John's lips. It was kind of sweet, though his eyes made it look very predatory. “Compliments your skin very nicely. Your body's all pale, straight lines, it's a fine combination, looking up to find dark curls. Quite the elitist look. Wouldn't have guessed that could be my type.” the last sentence was merely a whisper in Sherlock's ear, which was immediately bit and trapped by a strong jaw. It hurt. Badly. The Alpha let go and dragged his tongue around Sherlock's ear. His breath was hot on the Omega's skin.
Which, in turn, made Sherlock resist him all the more. “I told you I don't want her. I will not be bonded to that woman. Dr Watson asked me to stay with him and I found his offer very appealing, so I chose to say yes to him.”
“Secrets?” John asked with genuine confusion. “You don't expect me to tell you about my sessions with my psychologist, do you?”
“No.”
As soon as Sherlock opened his mouth, John's tongue darted out, accompanied by a longing moan and passed the liquefying sweetness over into Sherlock's waiting mouth.
“John, I neither want nor need your standard 'frightened-Omega-in-first-heat'-speech.”
He hid and waited for Lestrade and his team to arrive. Only when he could see Sherlock safe and sound in the back of an ambulance did John join the small crowd of onlookers. He tried not to be too obvious as the man who just shot someone, but he wasn't surprised when Sherlock knew. To be completely honest, he was relieved by it; he wouldn't have to hide it from him.
“Well, you don't have to make a decision this instant.” John breathed, brushed a stray lock out of Sherlock's forehead and leaned over him to give him a long and gentle kiss, which Sherlock returned only too happily. “You should get a shower.” the Alpha whispered against his lips and Sherlock found he might actually find pleasure in this whole emotions thing after all. Especially when John kissed him again, the sensation warming and somehow hypnotising. “Or would you prefer to take a bath? I'd prepare one.”
He threw himself over the length of the sofa taking and releasing deep breaths, closing his eyes and trying to slip into relaxation mode as he needed to a lot lately. He felt John's hand caressing up his clothed shin shortly before he lifted both of Sherlock's legs and added his weight to the seating of the couch himself. The Omega's feet and calves found new ground in John's lap, where his soles experienced their first massage and take it from him, John knew what he was doing!
It's sooo short :'( But I'm afraid, from now on, most chapters are going to be rather short as I am not sure how many ideas I'll have that aren't too similar to each other and I've got a lot of chapters to fill with at least a bit of plot. Yes, plot will continue to be quite present in the future, but no worries, I won't forget about the smut - how could I :3
It worked so very, incredibly well, that he did not even mind his unresolved feelings for this situation, for John.
“No, Mrs. Hudson, no body parts in the fridge. Nothing the like.” the Alpha answered through gritted teeth.
John glanced away from the confused Alpha back to Lestrade. “Anyway, we texted the number and he called back.” He stroke his son's thin hair gently as the boy started to snore against him.
Tbh, I haven't been doing too good. That helped me write the chapter, though. Somewhat.
“No, you turned out awkward.”
“Not that I could say, nah. Never seen 'em here.” a quick look at John didn't seem to stop her now. “But then, I don't work Mondays 'n' Fridays.”
On the one hand, he wished Sherlock was up already so he could at least give him a blow job before dropping dead after a night of keeping himself up with the help of boredom. On the other hand, he was really very tired.
In a lesser world, an attractive alpha woman wouldn't sit down next to him. “You look gloomy,” she said cheerily. Her voice was soft but confident. He took a liking to it instantly.
(Don't worry, that will get more exciting as well)
I should probably give a little update: This is going to be reeeeaally slow burn for the Johnlock. More-so than I originally anticipated. I hope y'all still enjoy it and will continue with me down this road of "how much shit can we make them go through?"
They fell into panting breaths shortly after as John licked and nipped at Sherlock's erogenous spot and the latter opened him with his fingers, brushing over his prostate every so often.
“Prepare yourself!” the Alpha demanded, getting off the bed again to undress. Sherlock did as he was told, but wasn't given much time as John was behind him again as soon as his clothes hit the floor. Without warning, he gripped Sherlock's hips and rammed himself inside. Sherlock coughed around the spit he'd accidentally breathed in, eyes stinging with renewed tears of pain. Behind him, John was just moaning luxuriously.
'd back down on your point to avoid conflict? This doesn't sound like you.”
And so John did. They ate; both of them. But what John ate for lunch he skipped at dinner. His stomach was turning itself upside down just looking at the meat in the pan and Sherlock didn't push him. They went about peacefully and calmly. They were sitting on the sofa, watching the telly and not watching at all. Sherlock had fallen asleep where he was leaning back against John, both of them propped up sideways so John could massage his lower back a little. The pups weren't very big or heavy yet, but one of them apparently had taken on such an unfortunate position, that it was pressing against Sherlock's spine. Massaging his muscles did little to ease the pain coming mainly from his bones, but it eased both their minds, so it was good enough for now.
John was stunned by that bit of information and just a tad concerned. “Why?”
She turned around briefly to take him in again, looked back at John, then chuckled humourlessly. “Oh, I see,” now she spun around to face Sherlock properly, “you're
“What do you mean, you never presented?” John asked and Sherlock swore he heard the shock in his voice.
“You didn't want an Omega child. You were so looking forward to that little Alpha baby, that you almost forgot about the other one. The stronger one. You tried to starve him so you wouldn't even have to look at him once. Only that backfired, didn't it? You killed the one child you wanted and then blamed it on an innocent pup. It was too late to get an abortion and putting up Purists for adoption isn't possible. You were stuck with him. Stuck with that child that killed your true little love. You couldn't just kill Tommy, though, could you? That would have been too humane. You wanted him to suffer. You broke up with your partner and soon got with that Beta, who just so happened to be part of London's underground world; of the human auctioning society more specifically. That would be the perfect fate for this boy.” John's breathing was audible in the narrow room the others were watching, his anger increasing the intensity of each breath.
The relief John felt was almost tangible through the phone. “You should be okay to. I'll call ahead, but I've set things up when I registered them. Just in case. Uh, don't forget your ID.”
“Sorry, Sherlock, but you were the one who tried to push me into accepting any offers in the first place. I have finally agreed to it and I don't understand why you are now putting these childish fights between everything.”
“... Oh? That won't do. What happened?”
John's gaze turned into a loving one several moments later, his hand coming to lay against his mate's cheek. Sherlock leaned down, catching his lips in a slow kiss.
John wanted to laugh at her blatancy, but his abdominal muscles were so painfully clenched already, he couldn't. Sherlock came bounding up the stairs moments later, stopping in front of John's room without looking inside. “Are you alright?” he asked, not sounding very honestly worried, but then this was Sherlock, John knew he meant it.
Lestrade frowned at his tone, but only lightly, he knew Sherlock after all. “Yeah, actually I do. Will you come?” he asked, turning his upper body towards the door for emphasis.
“Funny how you used the plural there. He isn't your wife's biological son, is he?” John was calculating his words like Sherlock hadn't seen him do before. From the first syllable, he was manipulating the conversation in the direction
“Humans are idiots.”
It didn't make any sense. Why drug him to abduct him and then say it wouldn't do to harm him? If whatever had knocked him out hadn't meant a risk to the pups, then that meant there good chemists on board, which left him with the question of why they didn't want to drug him any more now. If it was safe, then why keep him conscious? Was it necessary for him to witness something? Maybe he was supposed to meet this man, to converse with him. After all, for someone who wasn't supposed to talk to him, he'd said rather a lot.
“What? That we're what?”
The alpha woman smiled brightly, and falsely, as she forced him into a hug. Her eyes settled on the pups eyeing her with uncertainty. “So good to see you, John! Aw, these little ones must be yours, huh? They have your distrustful expression and all!” she said, half-joking.
Of course, I'll help you as much as I can whenever I'm home, but in contrast to you, when you're not on hormones, I mean, I do have to sleep and eat..”
His colour drained and he looked like a cold corpse even more than usual. At least, John thought, Sherlock ate, ate much more than usual. There were days he seemed insatiable and John mused about how he would get later on, when the pup actually grew in size and required more nutrition. It was all so visible in his innocent features and Sherlock couldn't stop deducing, even if he tried.
The Omega was seriously stunned into silence for a moment. He needed time to process this situation. Sherlock had had some time off lately, but John hadn't expected he fill his time with something like this. “That's really nice of you... But honestly, you don't need to do things like this. Even if you actually had something to apologise for.”
has an effect. Come.” John said softly, grabbing for Sherlock's hand as they waddled for a walk to the nearest grocery store.
“Here it is.” Sherlock didn't ask again if John was sure he wanted to see this through with him, which the Omega was glad about. There was no doubt in Sherlock concerning John's mental strength and whether or not he could 'handle' it – likely because the Alpha was aware that John had gone through much worse than Sherlock could dream of, having gone to war and all.
“We'll discuss this later.” he decided, he didn't want to fight now, not in his position and with John's hand moving so hypnotically on his scalp.
“But I tell you: he did!” Sherlock insisted, not understanding why John refused to accept what has happened. Was he not attractive enough to get flirted at any more or what?
The question and, much more, the calm way Sherlock asked him, caught John off-guard. He looked his mate in the eye, as honest as honesty gets, he answered “yes.” Instead of a much expected look of hurt and disappointment, The Alpha found understanding on Sherlock's face. “Sometimes. Not because I don't love you, but because I keep asking myself whether or not you would have said yes if you'd fully known what you were doing. It was a wake moment, yes, but it wasn't clear. You never gave lawful consent.”
Sherlock knew, from how sure John sounded, that there was no point even trying to lie about it to make the Alpha feel better. “Yes.”
“Do you have any ideas?”
you for it!” the Omega exclaimed desperately. He moved, taking their plates from John and placing them on the night stand behind him, got on all fours and climbed into John's lap. “Please.” He lay his head into the crook of John's neck, pecking the skin gently. “Please,” he sighed, licking over John's carotid artery, “I want you. John, I want you so bad.” he rubbed his hardening cock against John's thigh for proof. He heard his mate's breath stutter, his hands moving to his hips. When he looked, John's eyes were closed, but his hands were pushing him away. “John.”
“You Alphas are much too proud..”
“John, you don't have more time. It's very impressive you could go this long without eating or sleeping properly and I am more than overwhelmed by how strong you still are, guiding me around with so much of my weight still leaning on you – and I bet, at the moment, I weigh more than you. But you're pushing your limits, John, you're this close to collapsing! Hand me my phone.”
“What are the pros and cons of groups and private classes?” John asked curiously.
“Hm?” Sherlock snapped his head back at John from where he'd been focused entirely on the street and the passing people.
You have been warned!
“I... think
John looked up at him through his lashes “I'm sorry.”
His muscles were clamping down so hard on his organs, he couldn't possibly not roll in on himself, shielding his pouting belly. Another sore cry escaped his throat and he was wondering what for. Everything smelt so repulsively strange and wrong, he wanted to flee or block his nose or do
John, out of habit, ducked. “I'm sorry.” he simply replied, not daring to contradict the Alpha.
Somehow I felt like naming this chapter differently, but as I was writing the last few paragraphs, this Queen song just started playing inside my head and I couldn't not pick that for a title.
“No, I guess not.” he replied, sitting up with a good stretch. He saw Sherlock holding the sticks from the ice lollies and felt really horrible. The children could have choked on them and he'd just fallen asleep. And Sherlock was picking up after him. He cursed himself internally and looked down when he felt his shirt sticking to his body. “Ah, crap.” The pups, eating slowly, must have dripped their treats on him.
They eyed each other with challenging smiles for a moment, either of them knowing that neither wanted to really
Sherlock handed it over without question, watching as John left the room with it. “The bathroom's to left down that hallway. You go take a shower and put your dirty clothes in the laundry hamper.” The order rang through the room for a couple more moments as John took another flight of stairs up, his phone call connecting.
He clipped the ring of keys to his trousers and breathed for a moment, willing his nerves to calm further, he worked best like this, under constant threat, but it would do appear nervous. Guiding a hand through his hair, he set off out of the room into the main area of the venue. There were more people here; guests and employees alike. He nodded at whoever caught his eye. Some nodded back, most of them began whispering or had questioning looks on their faces. He kept an eye out for Sherlock, his nose completely blocked by the obnoxiously intense smells and his ears still ringing. At last, he caught a glimpse of the tall Alpha, currently talking to another guest. To the stranger, it likely looked like Sherlock was very engrossed with the conversation, but John, who knew Sherlock's expressions and body language quite well by now, could see he was uncomfortable and relieved when he could excuse himself and duck out of it to get to John. However, as soon as he got close enough to smell John, he wrinkled his nose. “You stink awfully.”
The Omega lay his hands on John's knees, however couldn't keep them still, so he ran them up his thighs, pausing to push his thumbs lightly next to his hipbones and proceeded to let them roam over his Alpha's chest for a while, dragging them back down to assist John's movements as he began to move his own pelvis in time.
live off your brother's wealth!
I suppose (most of) you will have guessed who their visitor was. If you don't, that's nothing to worry about either. Originally, I had John tell Sherlock, who replied with a very dry, funny line, but that just didn't work out for me or John. No worries. Things will become more clear.
“Hm, well, a migraine every now and then, as long as it doesn't feel 'wrong' to you, should be no issue. Nausea in the second trimester
“.. freak out, but Sherlock is not at Baker Street any more. Mrs. Hudson confirmed he'd left just seconds before you collapsed. I told Donovan to mobilise a team to start looking for him and...” and that's all John needed to hear.
The Omega quickly drew out of his thoughts, blinked lazily. “I'm just messing with you. I thought you had got that by now.”
John kissed his neck in response.
“If we're both going to be home all day, we'll be fighting all the time.” John argued, tired of telling Sherlock the same things over and over again.
“If we visit one of our usual restaurants, neither of us would have to pay.”
Two hours later, Sherlock cautiously entered the room and lay down the invitation letter on John's desk. As he turned to leave again, he faltered, stopping and looking at the collection of humans, short and tiny on the queen size bed. The door in hand, he watched John and his pups snore lovingly against each other for a moment, then left them alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You probably will until you reclaim me as yours.” As John merely pinched his lips, Sherlock laid a hand on his shoulder, speaking more softly. “We need to get going.”
With a final flash of Sherlock's face to his inner eye, John drew a deep breath and collapsed.
“Although,” John butted in, still not looking up, ”I can't even begin to imagine what being an Omega is like. I mean being alpha isn't always easy and pleasant, but we've had about 30 years to adjust to it and, since I've gotten used to it, I don't always realise that any more. Growing up with it makes it a bit easier, I guess..”
John and Sherlock looked at each other briefly. Then the Omega took over again. Lisa trusted him more by instinct. “Can you remember when Tommy disappeared?”
“You must excuse my Omega, he is incredibly clumsy.” the Alpha said nearly sweetly apologetic. The moment he had finished his sentence, he turned Sherlock around by a grip of his collar and slapped him hard across the face. The Omega released a surprised gasp and looked back at John with an expression close to actual fear. “Now you go upstairs and wait there. I will have a word with you when I'm done here.” John said firmly, but kept his hand tight on Sherlock's collar.
Sherlock snuggled closer to him, kissing him again. “You are so strong, you know that?” he praised, one hand falling on John's chest and lowering himself down so his head rested above his heart.
“Quite right. So?”
“Mrs Hudson is preparing some warm water, towels and blankets. I assume she wants to assist you.” He paused. “Do you want me to stay or go away?”
“Hm.” hummed Sherlock, confirming the information had been taken in – likely would be deleted by midday again, though. “John, you're not a specialist on any genders, obviously, but in your basic knowledge of everything, what can you tell me about this pregnancy. So far it hasn't quite been a straight line, rather a list of extremes patched up to form one ridiculous circumstance of showing off.”
Sherlock obeyed and instead gave him another soft kiss. “I'm just trying to show you that it's all fine. Don't most Omegas even desire a large Alpha cock?” the Omega frowned thoughtfully.
And still, John opened the door and came to him, he looked down on him with that defensive look and only now Sherlock could understand what it really meant: John acknowledged he'd done something wrong and he didn't want Sherlock to push it any further because he was sorry, he just defensively avoided the 'please, forgive me' part. How people could think John to be the emotional one out of the two of them, he didn't know; his own mood swings, even when being genderless, were much more frequent and strong, John was merely the one that could really feel empathy. People were stupid. Stupid and boring. John wasn't. Well, he certainly wasn't a genius, but he wasn't witless. And, more importantly, he was here and he was cuddling right up against Sherlock's side, a woolly jumper and rough jeans against his still naked form, throwing an arm over his softening middle and pulling him closer protectively and then settling for stroking with his fingertips up and down his side slowly, softly, only whispering touches on his goose flesh, the only sound that of their breathing.
“They were.. bearable.” he answered, his voice raspy from the lack of use. “No, it was.. the physical pain wasn't the problem, it was more.. there was just so much blood..” he breathed out, turning his face away from John.
“Let's face it: I loved it. I loved how much you loved it. Certainly, I can't always let you do that, I have.. urges. And when it becomes too much, I trust you would let me have what my nature demands, but otherwise, I am all open for some non-conventional sex.”
“My mate has a reliable job!” he interrupted his brother's words.
John chuckled and drew away, confirming with an amused “maybe I should,” as he walked into the bathroom, not entirely unaware of the pair of eyes following his arse. And what a nice arse it was. If Sherlock didn't know better, he'd say a smart arse, but then again, it could be taken this way or that (possibly literally) and, after all, John was far more resourceful than most people. And most importantly: he was his. His little bundle of strength and passive aggression. How that could hide so perfectly underneath his softness, kindness and good spirit, Sherlock could only wonder. It surprised him every time – one minute he was John Hamish Watson, the man with the adorably funny middle name you want to cuddle up against, bury your nose in his ridiculous jumpers and just listen to laughing for hours, and the next he was Captain John Watson, ex-army-soldier, army doctor, shot and still fighting strongly. He was brilliant. He was everything Sherlock admired and never wanted to be himself. He was his counterpart and they both knew it, loved it, bathed in it.
Stay cool!
“'m sorry..” John mumbled, knowing full well that he had nothing to apologise for and that Sherlock neither thought he did.
“Yes, that's-.. that alone doesn't satisfy the human mind, Sherlock.”
“Bloody hell, you didn't work like this, did ya?!”Greg asked incredulously. When John didn't answer, he continued. “Alright, your going straight to bed, John.”
The rest of the appointment was just Dr. Field remarking how well everything looked and that they were doing a good job with the situation. On their way out, she asked them to make a new appointment and to remember looking through the pamphlets.
He noted nurses walking in and out, checking his vitals, his doctor walk in and out, muttering the diagnosis every time. Eventually, Sherlock budged. Jerked. He suddenly twitched and cramped like he was having a seizure, ripping his mouth open and crying out pure pain. John could feel it; some of it. It was devastating. He pushed the call-button and tried to calm Sherlock, but his mate didn't seem to hear anything over the intensity of his own scream. When his doctor and two nurses rushed in, Sherlock's efforts doubled and none of them could get close enough without having their faces bashed in. “You're scaring him!” John shouted, drawing their attention. The doctor gave him a shocked look until her eyes cleared with understanding and she handed him another syringe with a sedative. John did the same as before and Sherlock let him. Seconds later, the man was sleeping again, tubes plugged back in, nutrition being pumped into his system.
“Then
They continued their walk in the mood of this uncomfortable silence until Sherlock had to ask John to walk back to the flat to rest his slightly swollen feet.
“Because I want to do it, obviously.”
a freak!” he spat, stopping only when he felt John's hand on his lower back, the warmth it was radiating gradually pulling him out of his anger. He regarded his shorter mate in confusion at first before realising. “I'm good. I'm.. fine.” Sherlock fended off, straightening himself. “Laptop, Smartphone, Tablet?”
“What were you two doing here anyway?” The question, like the look, was cast towards the both of them.
They were soft, much softer than Sherlock had thought capable of an Alpha faced with an Omega in heat, possibly inches of self-control away from falling into rut. They were soft and warm and loving- alright, maybe it was just his hormonally overdosed brain projecting those features into John's eyes because he longed to find them there.
Sherlock eyed him suspiciously. “Well, if you're unhappy, something about your life must suck really bad. I'm guessing parents? Most young adults have beef with their parents.”
“So, he starved Tommy's twin to death and then blamed the boy for it.” Sherlock's voice sounded as if he wanted to say more, but was at a loss for words. He shook his head instead.
He let the kid shove him towards the dorms and stood still as he unlocked the door. The boy held out a little device, pressing a large button on it that made John's ears ring until he thought he'd go deaf just to escape the noise. The Alpha seemed unaffected, but the other Omegas in the room – placed on a level atop some stairs – pressed their palms hard against their ears. Just as the Alpha loosened his grip on John, he knocked his head hard into the other's and took him out with a few quick motions. He still couldn't hear, even though the button had long been released.
When he looked down at John with a sigh, he met with an amusement he clearly hadn't expected. “Those were your parents?” he asked, still not quite able to get his head around that fact. “
John was dialling someone, presumably an ambulance, and crawling back to him. “Sherlock, I need you to stay calm.” he tried to say in a comforting voice and failing spectacularly.
John frowned at Sherlock in question. “What did he mean?”
“Well, the question is, where is her
Oh, sweet hell that was his heart's new cage.
“Yes, nothing happened, no one got hurt.” John smiled and was about to say something, but swallowed it back down. Sherlock wanted to say 'you know I love them', but that just sounded creepy to himself, so he shouldn't mention it to their father. “They slept very tightly, and ate their breakfast without a fuss.”
, I wanted to fuck something,
Sherlock himself chose a rather solitary lifestyle, while John just slipped into it by default. Still John liked to play the field; liked having Alpha partners. Sherlock had escaped this stereotype of an active male Omega all his life, simply by not being interested in sex; or people.
“Yes, that's why I came in here. Jacob cam to hand me his stick, so I figured you must have drifted off.” The Alpha reached out a hand to offer John help getting up.
“Since they don't bother with rational studies on Omegas, I am just going to do that myself.”
John shrugged. “Well, I'm awake now and I won't be sleeping again too soon, you know me.”
Sherlock didn't cease his playing when he saw John, just looked him up and down, making a face resembling approval and concentrated on his bow again. So John just stood there, in borrowed clothes, feeling comfortable for the first time in two years and feeling misplaced all the same.
(See the end of the chapter for
won't you touch me?!”
Three weeks into pregnancy and Sherlock was retching for the better part of two hours each morning and evening, often also at night. John would sit beside him and stroke his back soothingly, while listening to Sherlock blaming him between heaves. After half an hour, John would get up and make tea to balance Sherlock's body nutrients. And sometimes he'd make three or four cups because the mere taste of tea made him vomit.
John blinked at him for a moment, wondering when Sherlock had just raised all his internal walls against him again. It had been ages since he'd last acted
“Yes, Mycroft, you're a real angel.”
“So, you planning to, what, search emails, social networks?”
John nodded once. “Yes, it hasn't really changed since his first appointment here. I mean, the nausea was gone very fast and is replaced by mood-swings, as you may have noticed, but I think we're handling quite well.” he smiled back.
“I'm not- I wasn't thinking- I've never seen an Alpha's penis before, John.. I would have believed that was average, had you not told me..” he mused, inspecting the muscle in front of him even more eagerly, fascinated by the way it held its own weight in the air so easily, even bobbing every now and then.
“Hm, and that, yes.” he mumbled, followed by an onslaught of mouthing John's neck, knowing well how sensitive he was there. He shoved his hands under the hem of his jumper, pulling at up and over his head before starting to unbutton his own shirt. As soon as they were both bare-chested, Sherlock arched forward into John, who threw his arms around his torso to grab the Omega's plumper arse, pulling him closer, budging forward a bit as well so they were flush together. As his hands pawed all over Sherlock's back, the taller man, sucked in more air than strictly necessary, inflating his small belly as he rutted against his mate. John's heavy breathing and hectic, helpless clawing at his body were a great satisfaction to his efforts of undoing his Alpha in every way he knew was effective.
“That's not very alpha of you.” Sherlock breathed as the only thing he found himself capable of as rational sense was knocked out of him. Curse his newly discovered nature for ruining this conversation by building up for the next round. “John, before we lose it again, I want you to know, that I never ever wish for you to step out of my life. Mark this, and listen carefully because I will likely never say it again: I love you, you are the best thing that could ever have happened to me. You change me and I am ok with that because I feel better and I get through life more easily with your advise and entertainment. Had I ever known I was an Omega, I wouldn't have let you run into this mistake because you don't deserve it. I am unworthy of care and your friendship and I feel ashamed of abusing your kindness, but that is what I am, a sociopath, I use and manipulate people, though I never feel bad about it except with you and, as I know I am overly selfish, don't ever leave me.... please.” Sherlock didn't know how that had just happened, but it had made his eyes water stupidly.
When he woke up again, the scent of the masked Beta was stronger and there was also the aroma of a cooked meal. He regarded it, laying right beside the door, very likely just within his possible reach. He considered resisting and not eating it – he obviously was of value to whoever kept him there so starving himself would at least get him information. But then there were his pups and even the risk of the food drugging him again wouldn't stop him from nourishing who needed him most.
Sherlock sounded displeased and slightly disgusted. John couldn't help the grin stretching his lips wide. “Yvonne is fine.” Now his demeanour changed quickly into something more muted. “Though maybe a little disappointed in me.”
John had paid him his full attention the moment he'd been accused of positioning Sherlock below him. Ten other eyes all focused on the tall Alpha. John looked like he was caught between feeling offended and wanting to crawl into a corner for having offended an Alpha. He stuttered his first words. “I- No. That was not... That,” he mulled the words over in his mouth, feeling ashamed and helpless; something he remembered all too well and didn't want to. “Please, don't.”
I'm too much into this story. I'm sorry, but the entire concept and thought around it is just genius and I don't even know how to thank myself.
“Sherlock, I think I'm fine. I've had enough experience with you and
“I know, John.. What will we do about it?”
“If you'll step right over here, you can see Item 339,” Sherlock followed the group of Alphas to next showcase. Item 339 was laying on a 'bed', surrounded by four glass walls, like all the other auction Omegas, only he had even less space to move, hindered by a large belly. “He is an Omega Purist and therefore one of the rare 4% of the earth's population. An average Omega Purist, or short 'OP', usually holds a minimum of two litters at a time, that never consist of any less than two pups! As of now, this OP is carrying two litters with a total of five pups, currently five months along – an optimal breeder!”
To think about how John had kissed it just this morning, had pushed his pelvis against his softer arse, nipped at their bond bite and gripped at the soft flesh on his hips while he thrust deep against that sweet spot- no, concentrate!
Despite all the craving and longing and demanding to be filled, his cock was so painfully hard and desperate for touch, he slid his hand over his hip to his prick realising that John still had his mouth on it. He whined pathetically, the realisation of not getting any satisfaction as it was making him feel ever so lost.
Remember to call out my cute little babies' names so I can make everything right!
Mrs Hudson nodded. “His brother helped him get through it, but mind you, there were times when I was worried about that boy. Not that I'm not always worried about him, dashing about, chasing murderers all on his own... No, it's good he has someone he can appreciate to have at the flat now.” she concluded, patting his arm and standing up. “I was just on my way up to feed the little ones when I found you here. Do you want to do it instead now?”
the skin breaking under John's teeth.
“Oh, I don't know, I don't watch that stuff! The vampire? Girls love vampires for some reason.”
“No! No, that is unacceptable, worst of all options presenting themselves. I will not lower myself to that level of humiliation!”
“We're fine.” John answered and was immediately interrupted by Sherlock.
, I cannot guarantee to not rage against you and I don't know if you've ever witnessed an alpha soldier's rage, but I'm sure you wouldn't want to.” And John didn't even know he made Mycroft uncomfortable, which was exactly the reason Mycroft felt the need to display superiority and failing, even to John eyes.
you assaulted my suspect?”
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and growled in annoyance.
I would say "I hope chapter 2 shines more light on all that," but after writing this, I do see where you all came from talking about a darkfic..
Sherlock wanted to slap John for not taking him and easing the intensity of his condition right now.
On the other hand, if he sought out help now, he would have to leave Sherlock to himself; at this stage, an advice he wouldn't give. They wouldn't be able to finish the nursery, to buy necessary goods, let alone have Sherlock take care of himself. Someone could help, sure, but considering how Sherlock's condition had affected John, the Alpha didn't want to reverse the situation. He'd have to get himself up on his own somehow. If only he could keep the food down, that would help considerably.
“You are a trained military doctor, you were wounded in action, I noticed your limp on the way here, but you're keeping your exercising routine up. You miss the war. You're only practising because it pays well, you would much rather go back to the military, but they won't take a surgeon with a tremor and a limb, not even a skilled one like yourself.” Sherlock fired.
quick. A nurse will take another blood sample this afternoon to make sure it's not just superficial, but I'm confident that everything has healed up just fine. Now, as soon as we're sure you're safe on your legs again, you can be released. Judging by the guidance your mate has offered you so far, I'd estimate next week will be the definite timespan. You've been fighting really well, Mr. Holmes.”
“Is that what you feel like? An object? Is that what this bond is to you: the act of possessing you?” John shout-whispered as he always did when he was close to losing his temper and which was so much more dangerous sounding than if he really shouted.
John handed her the water and sat back down in his armchair. “I'm John, this is Sherlock. And what's your name?”
If it wasn't for John's scent.. not the ordinary Alpha-tone, no, John's personal, individual scent, the one he could already barely resist as an Unpresented, the one he'd breathed in as deeply as he could, without being noticed, whenever John was near him. One can't even imagine just what it does to him at the moment – lust-driven, desperate for sexual attention, needing an Alpha he could trust, favourably the one he was deeply emotionally bonded to already, requited or not.
He had scars visible on his face and neck, his broad shoulders and posture were a very easy give-away to let Sherlock know he had been a soldier for quite some time. “Hostage? What would you want with me as a hostage?” Sherlock questioned, although he had a hunch.
“Oh, no,” Sherlock interrupted, “I mean because you are a lot more relaxed than you have been for the last three weeks. You seemed to be very annoyed and upset by something, figuring out it was your struggle to get back on the suppressants wasn't a big leap.” the Alpha said dismissively, shoving a forkful of chicken into his mouth.
He was too tired to really focus on much on his way home. The best he could do was look forward to getting back to his pups, which was pretty much a given at any time any way. Part of him was envious of Sherlock, having spent another evening with them. He bet they'd played games, like Cluedo, and that they love Sherlock and think their papa is lame. And if they were old enough to to have these thoughts, they'd pity him for being incredibly pathetic and insecure. Or maybe that was just himself.
“Back, yes, it's hard enough to get the damn bags up the stairs, no need to walk them all the way home. But to the shop we'll get by walking, chop chop! It'll do you good on those thighs!”
Dr Field considered them for a moment, unconvinced, but it wasn't her job, or right, to push them for answers on their private relationship. “Alright, let's make this quick and painless then, shall we?” She readied her equipment as John rose from the examination bed for Sherlock to lay down on it freely, but he stood by his side, hand resting on the edge over the Omega's head.
A thought struck Sherlock and his brow creased. “John, are you regretting our bond?”
“Oh, that's because I didn't give it to you, dear.” the Omega said with a cheeky but lovely smirk. “Did Sherlock not tell you we're coming? That boy, always the black sheep, but we'd not swap for any treasure in the world-”
As they sat together and ate, Sherlock did notice John mostly smiling back at him in a false manner, seemingly to support his steady eating. Sherlock looked back at him and momentarily cast his eyes down at John's own plate, smaller size, barely touched. At some point John couldn't bear looking at him much longer, so he let his eyes fall down to his plate himself, trying to hold back the guilty expression. He pierced a piece of chicken with his fork, but the force with which he did it was a little sinister and definitely angry. “Stop looking at me like that.” he said in a dangerously low whisper.
Lestrade seemed hurried as he usually did when he consulted Sherlock. “Hey! Haven't heard from you in a while. Everything alright? Where's John?” the DI immediately asked, looking around in search of Sherlock's social half.
The door was locked. Not for long. He entered and made for the steps that would take him downstairs. Down there, he walked the narrow corridor, gun in hand, kicking the doors open as he came past them. The third one he forced open, a shot went through his heart, as did one through the forehead of the Alpha that had just turned to face him. The other person, the desperate and lost Omega, didn't so much as flinch as the stranger dropped to the floor having recognised his mate upon entering. Sherlock's eyebrows drew together as his face pinched in despair and a whine escaped his throat as he scrambled onto his knees on the dirty, smelly bed and started stretching his body towards the approaching John, almost losing balance and falling over. The doctor encased him in his arms the moment he arrived at Sherlock's side, pressing the thin body against his own as he just breathed him in for a moment. Urine, faeces, sweat, vomit, fear, Sherlock.
“Because before you would have just continued attacking me randomly and one wrong move from you while I blocked you, could have ended in you hurting yourself some way. Now I knew this was a single punch, meaning no offensive movements afterwards, meaning you're safe.” John explained and Sherlock could only stare. Any time he thought he'd figured John out, the man presented him with something new and unexpected, something he'd learned in the army and hadn't forgotten in the least, something his years of experience with other human beings had taught him or anything at all, really. He hadn't thought John would take on fist-fights strategically like he did himself. Much less had he known John read the body language of his opponent like that. He stared.
“Yes.. they're growing fast.. or maybe it's because there's so many of them..”
There was a pause. “Do things like that even exist? I mean, how would such a thing be possible? A bond at least is based on hormones, chemical-”
Sherlock frowned his confusion openly. “He is.” he agreed. He only realised what Greg was getting at when he analysed his grinning face more deeply. He rolled his eyes dramatically. “Things like that make you seem like my mother. Or worse, my brother.”
“Oh, you know how he is!” she waved her hand dismissively. “Always trying to seem mysterious and indifferent. No, no, John, he is fond of you.” she then sighed and continued talking as if all this was oh-so-clear. “I am glad he finally found someone. He was always so lonely, sulking and especially after his whole --- thing!” she expressed, adding a whispered “drugs” with a disapproving expression.
John took a breath then, emphasising his disbelief and impatience with his mate. “His name's Greg.”
Honestly, I hate it.. There are a couple of plot points that I really do want to tackle (more kink than plot, actually, but I like to pretend that I'm somewhat of an author worthy of 475 kudos), but the in-betweens just don't want to be filled. Not to mention that, as this was my first step into this whole AU, Sherlock and John are so drastically OoC that I'd rather vomit than re-read what I have done so far.
John.
“..Oh yes.” Sherlock replied as if he'd forgotten that babies could get loud and demanding.
. “Now, that said, it was a close call. Very close! A few more days and they'd starved-” she paused when John closed his eyes, trying to contain himself. “He will be fine. May walk out of here with a psychological trauma, but I can give you the number of an excellent therapist. Good luck with the syringes. I'll come back in tomorrow morning. Anything the matter, call up the nurses.”
Turning around, Sherlock smirked at the still visible marks of angry red all over his back.
John smiled. “I love you, did I ever say?”
He smiled, most of all, because Sherlock was calling him by his name. No one had ever done that since he'd returned from Afghanistan. He was only ever called Item 339 or anything ranging from You to Bitch. He felt very valid. “I'm going to take a look at the other room, yeah?” John asked. The only reply he got was a distracted humming sound that told him Sherlock hadn't even been listening. It was a different kind of being ignored though. Sherlock wasn't dismissing him because he was just his Omega, but because he seemed absolutely absorbed by the notes he'd finally produced out of a crate. It was all very simple, typical alpha behaviour, but at the same time, it was so different from what John was used to. Just small things, but they meant the world to him already.
“Want another cup?”
Back on the dirty mattress, he shovelled the mashed potatoes in his mouth as quickly as possible. If there were drugs in it, he had to make sure he ate as much as possible before they could affect him.
It seemed nowadays they spent a lot of time just staring at each other intensely. It seemed nowadays it always ended in some sort of sexual encounter.
It happened multiple times. Sherlock kept trying to initiate, but John turned him down continuously. One time he got as far as to lay atop John, rubbing his belly against him firmly. John had pushed him away, laboured breathing, shaking hands and an impressive erection tenting his pyjama bottoms. It was a soldier's determination and willpower. It would have been arousing, had it not been used to stop the same.
“Why should I want that, Sherlock? You're pregnant with four, they've been growing fast until now, I could have you waddling in three months and bound to bed in four, if only I kept you fed and lazy.”
John made a noise of confirmation, chuckling a little. “Already done that. You don't feed them all day long! They're asleep now and, I pray to God, for most of the day as well. I'm knackered..” he complained, rubbing at his eyes for emphasis.
“John.” an even voice addressed him. Sherlock. He wasn't even looking at John, continued touching himself. “Whatever you're doing, stop it, or shut me out. I'm kind of enjoying myself here, I don't need your distress.”
“Yes.”
“No wonder,” John breathed in arousal, “thin as you used to be..”
She nodded.
“I hope so.” Sherlock replied. How could John doubt him?
John grabbed his face and turned it to look at him. Dark blue was staring at him intently spelling out thousands of words and yet telling Sherlock nothing. “Listen to me. Whether or not you lose this pup is irrelevant now, Sherlock.
Hey there!
“Usually, I am careful to prepare you properly.. fuck, you're tight...” John moaned, hands grabbing the ice cream carton as to not hurt his mate with them.
“Alright. Let's see.. There's been some tearing, but it seems to have healed fine. The rest also seems to be in check..” she said, prodding him with gentle but professional touches. “Anything that's been troubling you?”
The elder lady scuttled out of her flat. “What, are you two out again already? I'm not your nanny, dear.” she tutted, but there was no protest in her expression.
“Yes, that's why I want you to get up and care for our guest until I'm back, please? I don't really have time right now.”
“I read it on a couple of forums on the internet. A lot of Alphas said that about their Omegas.” John blinked rapidly.
The doctor felt the corner of his mouth twitch up at that. “Why didn't you tell me they were coming?”
“Nothing,” he said, waving his hand dismissively. “It's just, they don't know what kind of force they contacted instead.”
“But you cannot know for certain. What if, in fact, you will have a disabled child? Will you still keep it? Would you be able to raise it still or would you lose patience? What if you have a miscarriage? Will you try again?”
John interfered again at that point. He could see they were not getting anywhere like this. “Without wanting to disturb any of your familial.. quarrels, I can assure you that Sherlock will be safe, well taken care of and without a need if he stays with me. He will have all the freedom he needs.”
“Right. Sorry!” he replied to no one in particular and dashed after Sherlock. “Where are we going?”
John was pulling together all the army will he could remember in this moment. “Well, then I guess I'll have to go somewhere else.” He was radiating a confidence he'd thought to have lost when he was shot in Afghanistan. Not that he was feeling as steady as he seemed, but standing up to one of these people gave him a form of satisfaction that was beyond fairytale. At Sherlock's inquiring look, he shook his head. “It's fine, you go in. I'll catch you later.”
John snorted out a chuckle. “I can see
“Well?”
“John, I
“I'm not going to live off your family's money, much less your brother's!”
Sherlock seemed to catch John's meaning and mouthed a 'be careful' at him behind the giant's back. Then he disappeared inside. John himself set off, too, however not to another club – where would be the point in that – but rather in search of a back entrance. Luckily, the guard's position was a little into the building, which obscured his view of most of the club's surroundings, so John had opportunity to roam freely around the venue. At last, he found a heavy door labelled 'NO ENTRANCE', but since he didn't give a damn, he pulled it open and slipped inside. It stank of perfumes, smoke, alcohol and humiliation. He knew some of them pretty well. This club was different, however, from the auctioning house he'd been kept in. This wasn't showcasing Omegas, but rather presenting them. There were changing rooms with what John assumed to be the Omegas' numbers. Five people per room, it seemed. He followed the most recent trail of Omega hormone cocktails in hopes it would lead him to where they were kept all day until the next show was on. He'd heard of the auctioning clubs, where they'd be pulled onto a stage and sold one by one to whoever was the highest bidder. He could never figure out which type of Omega-auction was less humane than the other.
He began to hum lowly when, after a while, Sherlock started pushing, prodding and grabbing at John's belly, mapping, yet again, every roll of soft fat as they formed with the movement of his hands. Stop massaging it unless you're gonna fill it with food..”
“You're not even a full two months along and picking up a couple of papers or washing the dishes
He breathed two mouths.
“And now I'm asking you to join me and do something you might
“But then, what would we talk about?” Sherlock asked cockily.
Ignoring any further questions Greg might have had, Sherlock ushered John and Tommy towards the exit. Outside a crowd had gathered, among them Tommy's sister. Lisa clapped a hand over her mouth and the boy ran towards her in an instant.
There was some time spent with sensual snogging and careful undressing and John ended up in Sherlock's lap, pricks brushing against one another as they kissed and touched and slowly, very cautiously, the detective let his hands drift down John's back to cup his rear, waiting for the doctor to draw back or flinch or do anything to signalise that he didn't want this after all.
“Mmh, why not. Could do with the exercise. My legs have been killing me recently.” the Omega complained.
Sherlock sighed. “I'm afraid that's exactly what we're going to do. It could be a while, however. Would you like me to tell Mrs Hudson to take your children today?”
“Sorry?” John asked in confusion. It was such a sweet sound. A sound that made everything seem in place.
The sight of Sherlock's own sadness made his tears spill over. “I know. But I don't know how. I don't.. I can't do this any longer, Sherlock. I'm sorry, but I can't. I've been to war and I don't know how to be a mate to someone, let alone a father. I just fuck up left and right and you're stuck with me and
There was no noise, but then, that wasn't unusual in a basement.
“Uh..” was all John could say, really, because he wasn't good, as one could imagine, but he was horrible either.
Okay, so. The response to the first chapter was so massive (for my standards), that it kind of frightened me and I instantly started on the second one.
didn't notice?
John stared back at him still. Eventually, he blinked, took a deep breath and talked. “Sherlock.. I can understand if you think that is.. too much.. too complicated..” he muttered, apparently unsure what it was he wanted to say. There was no judgement in his tone, just the numbness of surprise and shock. Clearly he wanted to leave it to Sherlock to say more.
“John, calm down. There is nothing you can do but wait now. Please breath deeply and slowly, someone's getting you a glass of water and we'll know for sure in a bit.” the other man spoke in a calming voice that didn't much help him. He felt numb, unable to move a muscle, his mind blank – the most frightening thing being he couldn't feel Sherlock any more. He felt the beginnings of nausea rising deep in his stomach and physically forced the water down his throat when it was handed to him.
They took a quick glance at the menu, just to order the same as always, just with John commenting “an extra portion for him, though” with a small grin and Angelo seemed seriously overjoyed, contrary to Sherlock, who rolled his eyes.
John regarded him with pity. “It'll help with the pain.”
“You wanted mental occupation. Deduce it.”
“I'm sorry to hear that.” John said softly and she seemed grateful for it.
something is wrong with our pup-”
Sherlock looked at her for a moment. Just looked. He felt dumbstruck. Utterly thoughtless. Until his gaze shifted to where John was staring back at him. Four. Not one. Four. Four squirming, spitting, demanding, crying, kicking, pooping... things. At once.
Sherlock said it very calmly and factual. John took a deep, calming breath against the rising level of rage inside him. “I could smell him all over you. I feel like I still can, sometimes.”
He was turned onto his back, pressed down by a hand that, right now, was much stronger than his malnourished, crippled self. He kept begging the Alpha to stop, just the touch of his firm hand against Sherlock's chest was revolting, but the broad man wouldn't have it. He tried kicking and punching and scratching with his unclipped nails, but he couldn't stop his tailored trousers being roughly torn down to his knees, pants following.
John leaned back and kissed her. “You worry too much. I'll call you, yeah?”
“John-”
I'm proud of this chapter. I like this chapter. This is a good chapter.
As soon as they were back in the flat, John got unusually clingy. He had Sherlock against the door, his nose in the crook of his neck. “Please, Sherlock, can I..?”
He shook his head with a wide grin on his face. “No!” he chuckled as Sherlock stood again and held his hand. “I help you!”
Somewhere across the city Sherlock blinked awake again, the hairs on his body raised at the cold air in the large, empty room. Whatever they'd given him, it must have been very strong.
Nevertheless, John had better things to do than being cornered in such circumstances. He tilted his head to look around a little as he spoke. “Is there an actual point to this kidnapping or can I go home now? I've got some groceries that need cooling.”
to go down. It wasn't fair, making assumptions like this. It was probably nothing. A man needed his space. Sherlock could understand that. He wouldn't want to be linked to and think about his mate in hospital at all hours of the day either – what a bleak world that would be.
I hate children, but the learning process in animals is fascinating. It's nice to have a setting in which children develop more quickly, that makes it easier ;)
Oh, uh, tumblr!
“As if that's ever going to happen.”
She checked his CV again. “You're, uhm... well, you're a bit over-qualified.” It was the first time he'd ever heard such praise directed at him.
“God, no, just saying I could.” Sherlock replied, but not letting go. He leaned down and pressed his nose against John's neck, right above his scent gland and inhaled. “I really appreciate what you did upstairs, you know. That was a really sweet gesture.” he admitted, pressing his lips against the spot and John let his head fall to the other side a little.
The Alpha's breathing was laboured, marvelling at the enticing beauty of his undeserved mate.
“Clues? Like what?”
They had slept together so many times, but except for that one time John had performed fellatio on him, they had done nothing but just that. He had always felt John's long and wide penis, of course, but he had never laid a real eye on it, too consumed by the unexpected pleasures sex had brought him. Now that he was, though, he noted that, even in comparison to his beta-sized cock, an Alpha's member was incredible; long and thick the mere girth seeming unhealthy to put into anyone's opening – hard to believe his own after was able to stretch enough to let that thing in.
His mouth descended further on John's length, constantly sucking lightly as his massaging hand gripped the base firmly and he was relieved when, like this, John's whole length was covered, the man releasing a shuddering breath.
“Really, Sherlock, we are so glad we finally got to see you again and to meet your mate. And we are so excited,” she announced, hugging John and kissing his cheek, then cupping his face, “for the arrival of those four little angels. We can hardly wait to get to know them!” She wore a wide grin on her face. John noticed now, what it was beneath their scents that he was so familiar with – it was their family-scent, the unique smell of their family-line. It was comforting. So comforting.
doctor. When were you going to tell the rest of your family that you bonded and got pregnant? When were you going to reveal to
The next ten minutes, John was passionately rubbing his cheeks against Sherlock's own, his neck, his collarbone, undressing him completely and continuing to mark him with his scent, nibbling at patches of skin, kneeling down and nuzzling into the softening flesh of Sherlock's belly, where the scent of their growing pup was strongest due to hormones produced directly beneath the skin to draw alpha attention to it; to keep the Omega tended to; keep them protected and cared for.
Sherlock's back to him - not that Sherlock ever wanted to decide positions, he knew little about all this after all - and then reached around, lightly pressing against the slightly hanging tissue.
He fell asleep with the beating of his heart drumming in his brain.
“Hm, suits me just fine.” She was about to say something else, but her phone interrupted her train of thoughts. She answered the call. “Yes? Uh-huh. Fine, yeah. Yeah, I'll be right on my way. Tell them 20 minutes.” She hung up. “Sorry, work calls. I've actually been scheduled another meeting
John began to breath harder the more Sherlock stimulated him, the fabric of his trousers soon became constricting, though, so Sherlock glided off the sofa and undid the useless clothing, never taking his eyes off John's, which looked back at him in mild confusion but also great anticipation. The Omega slid out his tongue in a straight line over his plush lower lip and then back again instantly, giving John a clue of what he was planning to do. A smug grin was his answer to John's hungry, yet somehow unusual, expression and he pulled trousers and briefs down slowly when John raised his hips off the cushions,the fabrics pooling around his ankles as soon as he was seated again.
“You've been distressing me all day!” John said defensively, referring to the waves of hormones that have been wafting off Sherlock momentarily. It seemed the pregnancy did still have influences beyond Sherlock's control now and then.
“Well, had you listened to me and accompanied me on my walks, you wouldn't have that problem.”
At that, the doctor moved back down on his partner's body, rubbing their pricks together before sitting upright and grabbing the brunets cock to line it up with his hole.
He lowered his bow, left hand remaining where it was; right hand cupping his abdomen; eyes still closed.
Why, John, why was it so important to look at him right now?! What could possibly be so very urgent that he needed to see his face?! Did he want to humiliate him even more, make fun of him? Take pictures and send them to everyone he knew?
talk.” Sherlock sulked.
Sherlock shook his head without thought. Well, thinking became harder and harder as it was. His superior mind was all that was keeping him as mildly sane as he was at the moment, he reckoned, John's delicious Alpha scent did nothing to help him. Oh, John. Lovely, strong, oblivious John. How he wanted to have the man right now. Just thinking about John taking him, filling that craving in his abdomen – god, his hole was leaking like a river into the great ocean. He couldn't stop the longing whine escaping his throat. “Just go away, please.” he breathed, a blush creeping up his cheeks. This loss of control, he couldn't take it, couldn't let John see him in such a state.
“What?!” John gasped incredulously, backing away in exasperation a little.
“Look, if it's too much, that's fine, just don't comment on it, please.” he added, his voice softening a little but his jawline still sternly tensed.
John thought about it and it helped push through his paralysis. Going home might have been the wiser option because Sherlock was right; he shouldn't be so involved, but thinking about home, his pups and himself at that same age the boy was, he couldn't look away. There was an Alpha sibling concerned for her brother and taking action against their parents' will and John couldn't just ignore that. “I want to do this with you.”
Love,
His scent had changed, too, John had told him three days ago.
“I know you didn't.” John replied, drawing his eyebrows together as he looked at Sherlock. The Alpha looked back at him and his stone-cold facade crumbled, a mild smile peaking through.
It was painful how much he had attached he was to lives, that he hadn't even met yet.
So, here's an apology for last chapter's embarrassing outcome. I on't pretend any of what I do is 'good', but most is definitely better than the crap I produced last time - I had an emotional period. I can't write when I'm emotional.
Sherlock nodded. No more words were spoken that evening, apart from 'good night'. But when John did go to bed, he felt warm and weird.
“I know 'you just', John, but don't. Seriously, don't.” he replied sternly, turning out of John's embrace to stand up. “In case you haven't noticed, I'm a little edgy on the subject and I think the pup would appreciate me not drugging it with distress – can lead to disability, miscarriage or premature birth; the very things we are worrying about at the moment, better not encourage them.” he continued coldly, stepping out of the room and into the bedroom, where he pulled up his mobile from his bedside table and started googling for medical websites on pregnancies, infants and diseases to both. He also hacked himself into his doctor's clinic files to check all of his stats, finding nothing out of the ordinary there; nothing that could match the possible complications. He didn't know what was wrong. He hated not knowing. And he hated John not knowing even more. And he hated John not following after him like any other Alpha would because he loved how different John was.
“Exactly. Then who..”
“You always had quite an appetite. I just satiated it to its full extend.”
“Sherlock Holmes, look at you.” He said with a wide grin in his words. “Don't you always pride yourself with being so composed? Yet, here you are, screaming for your mate. Of course, he can't hear you, but you were already aware of that.” Sherlock despised every one of his smug words. He wanted to snap back at him so badly. “But I'll tell you one thing,” the man said, pausing as he came closer than he'd ever done before, leaning down to almost whisper in his ear. “Despite all the dried piss around here, you smell utterly delectable.” and with that, the man licked a wet stripe over the shell of his ear and Sherlock felt his greasy locks sticking to it. A cold shiver ran down his spine and his eyes snapped open as a hand drifted down his side to his hipbone.
And John did – the tension in his leg's muscles abated noticeably, even if not completely. That was to be expected, though, since positions like these, while they were common for Omegas, were unusual and somewhat unnatural on Alphas. But John trusted him, needed to trust him, just as Sherlock had trusted him when he had knelt in front of him, expected his Omega to act against instinct and not lower himself beneath him; not get the Alpha back into his domineering position.
The Alpha was way over the hill, too affected by the strong omega hormones because he didn't leave, as suggested, but instead moved even closer, slinging an arm around Sherlock's body and leaned his face against his chest. “I'm sorry if you feel uncomfortable with this, Sherlock, but there's no way I'd leave you now. I can't, for two reasons, leave you. First: you're in heat, the first one ever. Your body has noted there is an Alpha and that Alpha has already taken care of you. Leaving you, an inexperienced, might cause impact on your psychology, whether you think that possible right now or not, but things like severe trust-issues could evolve up to depression with the dominant symptom of feeling unwanted and guilty for basically anything that's not your fault at all.
“Oh, don't worry, dear!” the silver-haired woman said before Sherlock could say anything. “I trust an army doctor is quite capable of keeping a reasonable amount of control and I know if Sherlock hadn't wanted this, you wouldn't have been able to bind him, heat or no. He might be the only Omega in the line of our children, but we raised him just like his alpha brothers. He doesn't get ordered around unless he wants to.” she smirked.
“No, not that kind of nauseous, you know I don't get sick in the middle of the day.” Sherlock retorted as if pointing out the most obvious thing in the world. “No, I mean I'm nauseous, my chest feels all... woozy..” he elaborated in a slightly weird way, confused maybe.
Sherlock's voice was very intense in its focus on John's phone. “A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just
The Alpha merely raised his eyebrow at Sherlock's hissing, unimpressed. John could hear his blood rushing through his own ears at the tennis game of a dominance display. “By no means! That would ruin the entire operation, obviously. I am only making sure you stay in the clear.”
“The request came through my website, by someone with a username like a dog's name, 'Woody'. Someone this attached to a pet is typically still underage and living with their parents, but they also don't want said parents to know it's them, should they come across the request, so they didn't use email, which might be controlled or a shared address, but the anonymous request form I have integrated into my blog. Woody is a common name for dogs, so that's not very specific, and by not giving any details about the case they wanted to ensure no parents would be any wiser.”
this is all my fault and I am so, so sorry!”
“Because you're in heat!”
Sherlock looked at him in total adoration. “Your shyness about this is very cute, you know that?”
If by now no one had come in to talk to him, but had left food when he was asleep, no one would come as long as he was conscious, so, he figured, he'd dive into his mind palace for a bit, appearing to be asleep.
“Shit, Sherlock, a little preparation?” The lack of proper preparation made it difficult, but all the more wonderful.
The blond smiled a little at how his life had turned 180°in practically no time at all.
“Right.” Sherlock sighed, a little disappointed, but honestly, what had he expected? To come home and just have sex for the rest of the day? Well, yes. He had, a little. But that had been foolish. He should know better than to expect John to just jump him after such a scare. John was much too caring.
“That's the fifth time you've said that to me now.”
As a result, he was rather tense in the flat, around Sherlock. Observing his babies, he could tell his scent was coming back from pregnant to fertile. It explained why the Alpha kept wrinkling his nose and considerably heightened the amount of experiments dedicated to identifying various perfumes, types of tobacco and even the decay of different animals, including a human hand, a cat's paw and a pig's foot. John had told him off for that one and it had disappeared, thankfully.
Warning: Bit of feeding in this one
“How would that work?”
“You're still mad at that bartender? That was more than 5 hours ago, John.”
She let out an exaggerated sigh but smiled brightly when Sherlock helped her out of her hiding place. Apparently getting there had been easier. “Me too, Shellock!” she demanded excitedly, holding up her arms.
In fact, two weeks after Sherlock had taken him home, the Alpha had shut down the auction house and a lot of its other locations and side-businesses as well. The papers called it an act of the government. The name 'Holmes' appeared not once in their stories.
Sherlock yawned heartily and simply went to push a rush of unrest through the bond. He had learned rather fast how to block it out or regulate the intensity of emotions John would receive from him and just recently he had discovered the benefits of sending out fake markers. He could feel John calm down involuntarily, the natural response to his distressed mate. Sherlock could barely contain the smirk at his mate's annoyed huff as he knew Sherlock did this purposefully – he had noticed that the Omega had figured that particular bit out when Sherlock had coldly switched through all kinds of emotions while laying on the sofa with a lazy expression. It had driven John mad how he had sensed contentment, then loss, coming to love, scratching at envy, leading to boredom and finally settling on a bark of laughter at John's disturbed look at what was happening with his mate. In response, the Alpha blocked him out for the rest of the day.
“How badly must you have been treated for being an Omega that you would do such a thing to a child?!”
“Yes... sir.” the Omega breathed.
I told you there would be fluff.
John called him at 1pm on a Wednesday. “Sherlock, I'm stuck in Essex. I've been sent out on a house call, but there's no trains going back to London for possibly another couple of hours. Something about a bomb that may or may not have been found on the line, I don't know, but I can't come home now.”
“You sound quite smitten.”
Mycroft's eyes lingered on the broken soldier before him and it made him fear for the condition of his more sensitive brother. He had an idea who could be behind all of this. There was but one man he knew capable of this level of expertise in criminal matters.
While Sherlock never ceases to love John, this whole being-pregnant-deal leaves him a little uncomfortable.
month belly before reaching for the remote and turning of the TV. “Help me up.” he muttered, waiting for Sherlock to settle his hands on John's back to help pushing him up. He then turned around, taking a sidestep and angling his body backwards and extending his arm to pull Sherlock up. Keeping his partner's arm and grabbing the other as he turned, laying them around his own 7
The cold running down his throat felt nice actually and made him hum contently, the vibration running through them both until John offered him “more” and how could he refuse?
“Stick.” That always did the trick, and sure enough, Sherlock promptly got up with an offended-annoyed gruff, stomping from the bed petulantly. “Close the curtains if you're up anyway?”
It was more than obvious the Alpha actually enjoyed it. “Well, thank God you're above all that.”
A day later. When Sherlock re-entered the living room, John was still sitting there on the couch, laptop absorbing his concentration. “Could an Omega impregnate an Alpha?”
What did John expect now? Did he expect anything? This was Sherlock, after all, and John knew that. An upset Alpha against a recovering Omega, however, not so favourable. “Not, that I want to break it, although, considerably, it would be the easier problem to take care of, but there's no point in pursuing a solution just because it's easy – I might be eccentric, but I'm not entirely hopeless, so I would, at least, give a bond a try, even if more for your sake than for mine-”
John was clearly just as surprised as he was himself, if the wide, shocked eyes with which he was looking down at him from his position of being propped up on his elbow was any indication. Sherlock was just about to ask John to say something,
“Find him or I will.”
“Is that your real name?” John doubted it and she confirmed his suspicion. “Any point in asking where I'm going?”
we lose this pup, then we'll try again if you want to and feel ready and if you don't or can't, there's always adoption and- and if this whole 'children-business' isn't what you want after all, that's fine, too! I'm not angry... wouldn't be if you did lose it, okay? I love you.”
His nose filled with the sting of the deep and brutal chill, making it feel as if he was catching fire from the inside, his own body temperature burning against the numbness of the cold outside.
John only tiredly shifted his eyes to lay on Mycroft's person. The stone of a man didn't look too composed himself any more. There were dark rings marking even his pale complexion, showing he had been sleeping bad as well. He had obviously tried to cover them up, but the effect was minimal. Sometimes, John adored Mycroft's way to handle his love for his brother. “I'm tired. I'm not in control of myself anymore. I can't even think, I just... function.” John replied, broken, unable to turn up the sass. He wasn't even capable of standing up to maybe give himself the illusion he was standing strong in front of Mycroft. He could see the pity the Alpha's eyes reflected to his own red and glassy ones. He hated it. “What do you want? Tell me I fucked up?, because I did, you know.. I fucked up so hard.” the doctor continued, gaze drifting off to the side as he didn't even have to battle any tears. He was too drained to shed any.
“That.. was not what I... expected..”
He kissed her cheek fondly. “How're you doing?”
“Sherlock, it's 6 pm! Please, tell me that isn't all you ate today.” John begged, eyebrows raising in concern.
John petted the boy's head and grinned cockily. “Well, it helps not being able to smell anything other than chemical shit you sprayed on yourself.”
“Oh, you guys talk about that a lot, do you?”
“Would you say I'm 'driving you nuts'?” the Omega grinned in half-heartedly suppressed amusement. John raised his eyebrows in something that was disbelief and incredulous question.
“What would?”
John stopped her entering the living room by pressing his palm square against her torso and it seemed to work. His breathing was getting louder and more controlled, which Sherlock knew to interpret very well, especially after the Edwards case. “You do not touch my children. Get out of this house.”
. Have you observed yourself sleep lately? You toss around for the better part of the night, only to curl up against me. The last time I've seen you like this, was the first few weeks we lived together. Please, do us all a favour and avoid either of us going mad.” Sherlock asked of him, leaning down to ask for permission on a kiss, which was quickly granted. “Now, feed and fuck me, my incredible Alpha!”
“I don't... Not for nothing, but I don't feel good about taking them to someone else's. They're still so small and they've started a phase where they're wary of strange adults..”
“John.” the low rumble sounded and John turned back around to look at his mate's blank face as he sank into the hot water with his eyes closed. “I know I'm being very emotional and changeable. I suppose my hormones are spiralling because of.. “
A moan escaped the back of his throat as something stirred inside him; something that felt dangerously like nausea.
“My meaning is, that you are pregnant with quadruplets. First pregnancies with multiple pups aren't uncommon, Mr. Holmes, though I thought at your age that might not be the case..”
“I heard you were rather tired earlier.” he said in his know-it-all attitude.
Due to my sudden burst of gratitude, I am giving you the next chapter already instead of leaving you hanging with anticipation after that last one. Next one will take a bit again, though - haven't begun it yet, but it's all right there in my head ;)
Both brothers looked at him, a little scandalised – much to his amusement – before Mycroft continued. “So, I assume they have paid you a visit already?”
Prompts for everything of anything there!
“Whatever gave you that idea?”
John, shoulders hanging, walked over to sit down in his chair, seeing no point in doing any more housework. “Neither, thanks. The caffeine?” he mentioned as a reminder.
“He's an Omega, for God's sake! Wandering around outside at night, anything could happen to him – being murdered is just the lucky option!” Really, how stupid must a pair of
“mmmff!” came a muffle, only recognisable as Sherlock's because of the dark tinting to it.
Sherlock worked his index finger in completely now, the perks of his long and thin fingers being, that he could go deep enough with just the one to search for, and find, John's prostate. As a reaction, John gasped heartily, his cock pulsing noticeably in Sherlock's mouth as he started a slow rhythm up and down on it. For many minutes he teased John like this, slow movements and feathery touches until he withdrew his finger, the Alpha whimpering at the loss, to open his own trousers and coat his index and middle finger in his own pre-come so he didn't have to break the contact to the other's cock.
“I'm horny. I am horny way too often these days, I'm getting a bit... alpha..” John realised in mild shock, looking up at Sherlock with wide, innocent eyes.
“Angelo's?”
were supposed to! You don't know how fucking lucky you are!” He didn't wait for a reply nor could he bare to look at his face a moment longer. He went next door, where Sherlock, Greg and Sally had been watching. His cheeks were red with anger and shame when he walked past the sergeant, who scrutinised him thoroughly.
“I'm sorry, if I'm being over-protective, Sherlock. I don't mean to force you to do anything.” the older man said after a while, honesty audible in his voice.
“Well, your body needs energy to support that little one in there,” John said, his hand lovingly drifting over his now flat stomach, that would usually be concave in this position on his back, “so there is less for you left, which is why you have to eat enough.”
John could see Sherlock draw in a breath and then release it again abruptly. “A great mind knows when to contemplate an even greater one. My experience in human emotional responses is limited, so I would have been an idiot to ignore yours.” Sherlock paused and John used that moment to really let that warmth inside him spread as he was taking seriously by an Alpha. “What I don't understand is how I didn't pick up his being a purist. He can't be on suppressants and I could smell you very easily before.”
John reluctantly stepped back a little, smiling at him. “Yeah, alright. Come on.” John accompanied him down the stairs again, picking up Sherlock's cup and carrying it into the bathroom after him. He set it down on the sink and waited for Sherlock to undress, standing by as the Omega started climbing into the tub. He could see it now, like on the stairs – Sherlock's legs were shaking with the exertion. He stood a bit closer to ensure he'd catch his mate if he couldn't make it. Fortunately, his help wasn't needed that time and he turned and handed Sherlock his mug. “Hang on, I'll get the tray, maybe it's wide enough.”
him?!”
“I suppose.”
“Sorry, but they honestly shouldn't be fussy, I've taken care of everything. It's just in case they start complaining about something, if you don't mind.”
“Yeah, I do.” John breathed back. Sherlock concentrated fully on his own heartbeat now, feeling the intensity of it in his neck, hearing it in his ears.
John manages to locate Sherlock, but does that mean everything is rosy again?
His insides were screaming with concern for their pup and John himself didn't seem too calm either, but, as the Alpha in their relationship, he tried to calm his mate, kissing him and leading him to sit on the sofa where he cradled and cuddled him until both their minds had pushed the subject aside for now – it couldn't be declared dangerous until they got a better look.
Sherlock was sitting on the sofa in the living room, bored. But also equally craving more than just some steak. Curse his hormones, but with his libido having come to life only five months ago and being immediately accustomed to near constant intercourse, these past weeks with John not touching him had him going slightly mad. He was growing more restless each day and his desire rarely ever died out. Now, he was internally horny even when they were having fights.
“I am your housekeeper, not your receptionist!” she called after him, unconvincingly.
Turning into the alley, John saw the problem. Sherlock was certainly a strong Omega, but a skinny and light frame like his was still very easily overcome by an Alpha especially in rut. His eyes were wide in a silent plea as he looked over at John, all colour drained from his face.
“Quick, John, where is it?” Sherlock asked, moving over to where he was standing as well and leaning over John's back as the Omega spoke.
“Don't you go to you mind palace now!” John called from the kitchen.
“Good because I'm not changing it!” John chuckled back into his chest. For a while they just stood there, inhaling each other's scent, their hands covering the small protruding bump on Sherlock's front. “I'm so glad you're back.” John whispered after a moment, his voice carefully calm, but Sherlock knew. They always knew.
Sherlock turned to him and looked at him intently. “Do you want to find the boy or not?” John stammered the affirmative, but with further objections ready on his tongue. Sherlock gave him no chance to speak them. “Well, then we need to get going! We need to get as far as we can while we have the time!”
Hey, again! So, I, uh, this is kind of betraying my plan, but would you like me to take up on this in the next chapter, read the whole "John's first time" thing after a nice fluffy dinner? I have something in mind, but I wouldn't be able to live up to it at the moment.. Before, I have always made it one chapter per week (of pregnancy) and the chapters were more or less independent (one time the end of a week was between chapter a and chapter b), soo... I don't know, really... Command me! :D
He sent his request through their bond, trying to lure John to him to make up, cuddle, comfort. Right now, all he got from his mate was a deep, suppressed anxiety. John worried for their pup as much as he did himself, of course he did, he was it's father. But an Omega was, as much as he hated to include himself in that, a delicate and sensitive nature. Now, it wasn't much of a problem for him to keep his cool, he was certain, but that would have required some time to concentrate on adapting to the new situation, but he hadn't had that and instead bonded right away, having to deal with two new circumstances at once – handling Omega nature and the 'perks' of being vulnerable and emotional
“... You what?”
Sherlock pouted and let himself fall into his chair, stretching his legs out on John's chair to signalise that he was not welcome to come sit opposite him. John, however, didn't seem very impressed. He was serious, then. Not giving in, standing tall to prove a point – John only ever did that when he was being really serious about something. It didn't work, then. Ah, he hated it when something didn't work as planned – miscalculations weren't really his favourites. John was supposed to feel bad for having refused his wish and making him upset, not stubbornly sit there and ignore him!
“I'm not gonna finish this while it's still warm, am I?” he asked dreadfully.
He shifted a little, getting more into a horizontal position to ease some of the strain off his back. His small belly wasn't heavy yet, but an upright position was still exhausting when he wasn't conscious to hold it straight. The slumped over position from before had him in pain now.
“Good, that's very good! A strong emotional bond between the parents is almost even more important for an unborn pup than a born one. But especially the intercourse is essential to keep the Omega's hormones balanced, give the pups a healthy growth and, of course, prepare labour. Being penetrated enough helps the Omega's ability to stretch and make birth easier – if it is a natural one. But I assume you know that, don't you?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, bobbing his as he talked. “Believe me, it hit me as just as much a surprise.”
“I'm with child.” he said again, looking at the Beta intently, willing him to understand this simple fact.
Sherlock turned around, now facing John, head still cradled in the other's lap. “Do you think I'll ever return to normal again?”
John kissed his sweaty forehead and stabbed his upper arm with a needle.
“Well, I'm glad you didn't. It's a rather satisfying feeling to know I'm your first.” Sherlock said, a blissful grin pulling at the corner of his mouth.
“John, no. They are going to release me next week and I need to be able to walk!” Sherlock protested, trying to push against John as the man lead him back to his bed, but having to accept his muscles weren't ready yet.
It worked well. Better, than anyone had ever expected. To Sherlock's great surprise and fondness even better than he could have imagined asked believe him, he had a lot of imagination in that field. About three hundred ways for things to go wrong and for him to be left alone immediately would come up to his mind, if you asked him right this second. But, miraculously so, it didn't.
“Honestly, Sherlock? I don't know. It would be expensive, time-consuming, exhausting.”
It was a challenge Sherlock was too pregnant to accept. He wanted to settle this pointless spinning in circles. “Can we at least try it?”
“Your boss, I see. And who is your boss, might I ask?”
“Financially, yes. Anything might happen any day, but my savings will have you off comfortably, no matter what happens- listen, John. I estimate there is no reason in telling you that I do regard you as a capable Alpha and an appropriate mate for my brother. You are, in fact, one of the few I would trust with my life, which is to be taken as a great compliment and not one to be expected a single more time. I trust your competence in any field, including your profession, but you know yourself how little you can afford on your wages as it is.”
“I said 'certain things', you twat.” John said with narrowed eyes, leaning down to kiss his mate.
He felt like he was falling into a bottomless pit, carried on the wings of something grand, something new.
“Mycroft, I must ask you to leave. You're not exactly helping at the moment.” John voice was saying vaguely and he left the room with Mycroft. His Alpha was leaving. He was leaving because Sherlock couldn't protect their pup. He was leaving because Sherlock wasn't able to give him a healthy pup.
“Well, he won't have forgotten it. It has my number already in it.” the Alpha said dismissively, putting down his instrument and digging out a pack of cigarettes from his dressing gown.
“Everyone else okay with that?” he asked, selecting the book. Emmy agreed, the other two nodded, unaware Sherlock couldn't see that, but he knew either way and started reading a page prior to where John had apparently left it off.
Keep cool
.” he whispered, causing the Omega's body to shiver in arousal as he started to roll his hips and push up and down on Sherlock's beta cock.
“You like this!” Sherlock exclaimed as he sensed a current of anticipation run through John and reaching through their bond.
think any less of you, okay? You are still my best friend and the most amazing person I have ever had the great fortune to meet. If there is anything I can do to help you, please let me know.”
At this, Sherlock chuckled and John be damned if the blush on the other's cheeks wasn't a sight to marvel at. He looked so young and innocent like he only ever did when he'd just solved a case. Alive and unlike the machine he tried to make people believe he was. “We're more discreet.”
“Fifth, actually. Why, does it bother you?” He stood, hands on his hips, ready to head out and not understanding of Sherlock's jealousy. John didn't have many friends and neither did Sherlock, so he guessed the Alpha just didn't like sharing. To be fair, John wasn't too different in that regard.
“Don't bother.”
“He sleeps around me; he will eat.” Sherlock slurred back at him, stretching his body, placing his hands on his distended middle and rubbing it lovingly through his gown. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Get lost now. You'll only unsettle him with your
He writhed on the unkind bed, shaking in his curled up form until he actually feel from to the floor, metal cuff colliding with his ankle painfully as cold sweat pooled with hot tears on the tip of his nose, getting heavier and heavier until gravity claimed its own and Sherlock faced the ground directly.
“Yeah, not happening.” said John just as he finished his last stretches.
So, I am basically amazed and flattered by the amount of comments the last chapter got. I know first hand that sometimes it's just reading and moving on to the next story, but it really helps an author's confidence AND writing to get some feedback for their work because it really is /work/ and receiving no literal feedback can be really depressing because it feel as if no one can value the effort, which leads to thinking that the content or technique is too bad.
Sherlock considered this explanation. Finally, he nodded, apparently accepting it. “Does it happen a lot that Purists kill their twin? There was never even once a mention of one, so I would assume neither child was ever aware of one.”
“That Beta is part of the trafficking network, I'm certain of it.”
“Yeah, I was meant to be picking up my kids about now... A friend's going to look after them for me, but, you know.”
Ugh, it feels wrong to post this, but then again: I don't really care all that much, which is awful. Somehow.
“That doesn't mean I want to be pregnant as well.” said John with a slightly disgusted expression.
Sherlock, moments later, sat down in that same spot. He raised his mug to his lips, looked at John and sighed, lowering his coffee again. “Do not tell me you are feeling bad about this now.”
“Well, I said 'dangerous', and here you are.”
“She has all the equipment.” Mycroft replied, evading Sherlock's vulgarity.
Coming back home, he shuffled over to and dropped into the sticky leather of Sherlock's chair. The material was ugly against his sensitive skin, nerves lighting up with the clutching of the touch, but Sherlock's scent still lingered here, just a little bit. His eyebrows drew together as his feet lifted onto the seat and his head dropped to where his mate's curls had often been resting, giving his perspiration over into the furniture where it was now preserved, the young smell of his omega nature not yet ingrained enough to be a permanent feature and by now almost gone and replaced with John's own scent, but as long as the illusion was there, Sherlock was there. As long as Sherlock was there, John could never let go.
in you?! I don't know why Dr. Brown doesn't comment on that, since, frankly, he comments everything, but now I will. If you don't start eating normally again, John, I'll have Mycroft have you bound to a bed like me until your vitals go up again!”
John came back and thanked him, sitting down across from him with an apple, caressing his daughter's cheek. Sherlock saw his gaze lingering on her milk. John wasn't stupid, he'd notice there was less of it there than when he'd left. He smiled so softly it was almost unnoticeable and hid behind biting into his apple.
Sherlock turned in front of the mirror the next morning, eyeing his reflection with excitement. Oh, John would love this. They had been tight three days ago, hard to do up yesterday, but today was the day he didn't fit in his trousers any more. “John!” he called. He wasn't yet quite used to seeing himself larger than rips just barely not showing, but seeing his belly finally curve outwards instead of inwards had something.. fascinating about it – at least keeping in mind it was because of John's pups.
“No, I
John couldn't remember having ever been so doubtless, so determined, so reckless. Rationally, he knew this was a dangerous approach, that it might as well get him killed. But Sherlock was still at risk, had been for way too long and John would get him and their pups to safety, and if it killed him, so be it. He wouldn't live through one more god damn day without Sherlock safe and sound at home, lounging about, boring himself to death or blowing up the kitchen. No more nights having him bury his nose into anything Sherlock has ever just touched to have his scent and not go completely nuts. He had been so tense these weeks, people should consider themselves lucky he was more tired than anything because he could have easily killed out of frustration. Only now, that he had a lead on where his mate was, he was pumped high with hormones and energy, determined to do whatever it would cost to get them back. Screw Greg, he was going in
“Mh. Why do you ask?” John enquired, taking another bite of his apple as he let Rosie inspect the fingers of his free hand.
The man, an Alpha, and by the smell of his shower gel, deodorant
“Sherlock is on his way here, John. Let's just wait till he gets here, so you can see he's okay, hm?”
Mycroft looked at him for a moment before turning and leaving them alone again. It wasn't long after that Sherlock's body was shaken by spasms and he curled in on himself, facing John as his soar throat released tight moans of pain. They were getting easier, calmer, less severe, but John suffered through every second with Sherlock.
They moved against each other for while, kissing slowly, changing the angle multiple times. There was that feeling again, like his insides were spinning and he about to throw up and he wanted more. He bit on John's lower lip lightly and pulled at it a little. John, in response, dragged his tongue along Sherlock's plush lower lip as soon as he was free. Sherlock opened up, let John in with a sigh and pushed firmer against his partner as they let their tongues dance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That's great. Sounds like it was a successful evening for you. And did you treat Sherlock nicely, too?”
“Good, very good. Now, I assume you are aware of complications of raising quadruplets, the pregnancy, as can be expected, will also be more difficult. Especially because, as I just saw on the monitors, here is a picture by the way,” she handed them the copy, their looks immediately falling towards the black and white, “the pups appear to be rather big for their stage. I can't say for sure, of course, but as it looks now, I would expect them to make it full-size, which means that you can only hope they'll leave their cosy nest early. Anyway, you will experience immense pain in you back, legs and especially your feet, the further you progress. Either way, I would strongly advise you to consider a caesarean section because if they make it full-term, full-size natural birth is as good as impossible, even for an Omega, to endure. I won't command anything, Mr. Holmes, I am only trying to give advise and be of help.”
Both men waited for a minute, either willing the other to say something, until John gave in and took over. “Yes, well, yes. There was an incident last night. Sherlock was, er, he was.. bleeding and we had some paramedics take a look and they said that, at that time, it didn't seem the pup was in direct danger, but we should go see you as soon as possible anyway.” the Alpha explained.
“It doesn't matter.” John said shaking his head. “With everything that's been happening, I can't blame you for thinking every secret must be hiding something bad. I should have told you, really..”
As he was laying there and the gel was spread on his abdomen, he couldn't hold back any longer. “I know it doesn't appear on my files, but I have a serious history with drug abuse, how high are the chances that I miscarry because of it?” he blurted out, earning a look from John he couldn't name, located somewhere between concern and surprised disappointment. But John knew about this, he shouldn't be surprised.
“I'm in
John frowned. He thought to himself, wondering why Sherlock's brother would be bringing
She kissed him back readily, speaking when they broke apart. “I never thought I'd be outrun by an Omega! Your libido is more active than any of my alpha mates!”
“You... you're an Omega?! Since when- I mean- HOW?!”
Mycroft squinted a little, a smile spreading across his lips. John wasn't sure whether it was fondness or something more malicious. “You don't seem very afraid.”
“John, are you deliberately trying to set me off?!”
“Hog.”
is my day off and I've got to go back to work tomorrow. Thousands of things you memorise, but god forbid my timetable at work..” he huffed, looking down at Sherlock with a weird look on his face.
“I'm not even paid by Scotland Yard!” he bellowed back, being fed up with the mothering Mycroft was always practising on him. Probably his way of dealing with the fact he could never live an omega life, his body's compensation of decades of suppressed hormones.
“Bloody hell, why did you never tell me you were an Omega?!” John asked breathlessly. Sherlock could only imagine the severe impact the smell of an Omega in heat would have on the Alpha right now.
John tried to follow Sherlock's advice and take things a bit lighter. It helped, very slowly, to take the edge off and make him a little more relaxed in general. It was still obvious he wasn't exactly mastering life at the moment. It was approaching winter and the clinic was constantly brimming with patients. His pups hadn't caught a cold yet, but seeing as they were around other children half the day and playing outside, too, there, it was only a matter of time.
He led him upstairs and into the nursery, where Sherlock came to a sudden stop. “This? You... started furnishing the nursery?”
It was a small comment. Small and complimenting, but to John, there was a sour sting to it. He tried to ignore it, the conflict very visible on his face, but he couldn't see beyond the fact that he was barely halfway there. “Do you need help dressing?” he asked as he buttoned his cardigan, diverting the conversation to something else.
Mycroft, however, seemed pleased. “We know better. She got it wrong. You're not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson. You
John nodded speechlessly. He leaned over him and kissed him lightly. Then he kissed him again; firmly. “Thank you.”
He opened his mouth, stuck out his tongue and drew it up the wide, hard shaft to meet with the wet spot on the smooth cotton where John's leaked his pre-come. It was good, apparently. John finally thought him worthy.
“No, Sherlock's been.. a really good friend. He's helped me a lot. I couldn't be a father today if he hadn't gotten me out of there.” John was still not looking at either of them and was now debating whether or not to wipe his eyes. He didn't want to show tears like he'd suffered the world's worst fate, but bringing his hand up would only draw attention to it. He decided to dab at his eyes the same moment a tear managed to escape. “Please don't tell anyone. If people knew-”
“I preferred the version of you that tried desperately to get me off the idea something could be wrong, John.” he complained very seriously. He already felt his heart beat becoming more rapid and not in the good way, like when it concerned John.
I told "it" was /coming/ (ugh, stop with the innuendo immediately!)
The doctor nodded, although he clearly didn't fully understand. “John Watson.” he introduced himself. He looked Sherlock up and down. “How old are you? I'd say sixteen? seventeen?”
“How much did you hear?” Sherlock asked, dread painting his cheeks pink.
He picked her up dutifully. “Yes, you help, too, “ he agreed. Kat liked having an overview from a higher position when helping look for the others. While Jacob toddled around between rooms, looking everywhere twice until he found Emmy behind the curtain of the other window in the living room, Kat pointed him to where he should look. He opened a cupboard, another cupboard, then the first cupboard again, before they discovered Alex hiding in the third one. All four were engaged in searching for Rosie, who turned out to have been on the couch all along, the thin throw blanket draped over her as disguise. As soon as everyone was found, they turned around to Sherlock, who put Kat back down on level with the rest. “Well, off to the bathroom then everyone!” Emilia made a disapproving noise. “No, we had an agreement. Come on,” he said gently, leading the way with Alex clinging to his hand. He handed four of them wash cloths and brushed their teeth one pup at a time while the others cleaned their faces and washed their hands in a little tub filled with soapy water. Diapers were changed and then they were off to Sherlock's bedroom. This was their favourite part, he had a feeling: getting to sleep in another bedroom than their father's. All their beds had been set up in here and Sherlock helped them inside. They kissed his cheeks goodnight and he draped their blankets over their little bodies. At last he sat down on the edge of his bed and reached for one of the books John had given him. “Which one would you like to hear?”
The guy, Anderson, however, didn't seem as keen to use his brain or at least appear as if. “My deodorant?” he asked in a confused but also very incredulous tone.
The soup was quickly forgotten when Sherlock climbed into John's lap after having set both their bowls on the coffee table. John sighed happily as Sherlock grazed his tongue along the line of his lips, entering with slow licks against John's own waiting muscle.
“You mean
“Fine, apparently. Luckily..”
“What?! How could an Omega chop up another person?! And how do you know?” Lestrade asked disbelievingly.
How could this have happened to him? All his life he had managed to stay far, far away from this Alpha-Omega trivia. He had
As Dr. Field noticed there would be no more words on the topic, she continued, changing the subject. “Have you made plans on birth and birthing practices?”
“So, the real threat is still out there, walking free? How come he isn't long locked up yet?!”
Apart from relieving his barely-full bladder, he also emptied some contents of his almost-full stomach. Grateful John hadn't rushed in, but let him handle it himself, Sherlock brushed his teeth again and entered the bedroom, laying down next to John, who draped a hand over the growing belly on Sherlock's front. It felt like it would all turn out fine again.
John pushed past Mrs. Hudson's fawning and dove for the flat straight away, closing and locking both doors leading inside. It was a horrible move against the elder lady, he knew, but he couldn't bear a soul around him right now. He went to lay down in their bed, flopping down on Sherlock's side to inhale his scent, calm his mind. He spent hours trying to get connected to his mate again, but it wasn't until the early evening, with many missed calls, text messages and unanswered knocks at the door, that he finally felt something again. It was blurry, weak and unstable, but he could feel him again. He was alive. God, damn it, he was alive!
“I will.”
“Since I knew you wouldn't..” of course, Mycroft wouldn't miss out on the opportunity, but neither would Sherlock; letting his brother have the last word would be like complimenting Anderson on his intelligence – unacceptable.
He did not care.
Sherlock's eyes widened immediately. “You.. you'd let me take you again?”
John snorted in amusement. “You're terrible with moods!” he whispered against Sherlock's lips, their foreheads together.
He listened to the medics list the things he already knew, stone-y expression fixed to Sherlock's face, crying with pain and despair.
Sherlock hummed, “hmm, you're getting used to the amount of sex we're having, aren't you?” he grinned back, drawing small suggestive circles with his hips.
“What?”
“Nice try, John, but not even Mycroft can manipulate me. What makes you think you could?”
The Omega wasn't sure if Sherlock was asking him or himself, but he was curious if the Alpha knew the answer already. “Dunno, who?”
thrust a silicone-based, penis-shaped... thing up my arse!”
“Please, the boy's about a day from his first heat! His hormones had been building up for
was the only insurance they had for themselves. But it had always worked out for them, hadn't it?
“So, if any of them do take after me, there will be no limits.” Oh, snappy sarcasm.
By the time Sherlock was put down on a leather sofa, he was feeling dizzy from all the movement. Presently, the Alpha brought a bowl with him when he joined them there. He applied a sphygmomanometer, taking Sherlock's blood pressure and dug out a thermometer, sticking it beneath Sherlock's tongue and pushing his mouth shut with one hand. He ran a number of other tests to confirm his suspicion. “What's your name?”
He focused deeply and hoped his suspicion to be confirmed when he tried to send out emotions that, in a perfect measure of each, let John feel his inaudible question //shall I stop?//
John, very pointedly, didn't like the way the sergeant that 'greeted' them called Sherlock a freak. Quite obviously, the Alpha himself wasn't happy about it either, visibly doing his best to keep calm and ignore her remarks as he invited John in. Sally didn't object, so he figured it would be alright. Maybe Sherlock had some sort of agreement with NSY. Besides, if this was the way Sherlock was treated in his company, John didn't want to know what it was like when he came there on his own and, in conclusion, really didn't fancy leaving the Alpha alone.
The other reason is, that my body has noted there is an Omega in heat, which it has already tended to once. If I go, my body would seek you out again because I'm trimmed to taking care of you right now and I might either go out and rape any Omega that smells even the least bit of heat or I'll, too, develop psychological deficiencies because my Alpha nature thinks me incapable of fulfilling my duties, acting on instinct and tending to Omegas.
The Omega, ridden with boredom of months, years of inactivity, felt his heart leap suddenly, practically tasting the adrenalin as it was let loose on him. “Oh, God, yes!” he breathed and dashed after the Alpha.
“How did you get it?” he asked instead, going with the Alpha's excitement instead of against it.
“Yvonne, actually.” He looked at her in confusion for a moment before getting the joke.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can do that at home..”
The Alpha grinned, leaned in and bit Sherlock's lower lip, pulling at it in a dental death grip. Not letting up on the intensity, he let Sherlock's lip slip out and slap back against his teeth, coaxing a gasp out of the Omega's throat. “Good boy.”
John stepped back from the bed and Sherlock swung his arm behind himself and waved his hand up and down. John understood, stopped and took his hand. “What is it?” he asked and followed as he was weakly pulled back into the room.
“Sherlock. Showing off.”
Just on the landing between the two floors, John was huffing and puffing. He would have deemed it ridiculous, if there wasn't the constant reminder of his belly somewhere in his field of vision. He didn't even dare setting the bag down and taking a break. Once he
“No. I'm fine.” he repeated, taking in the sight of John, fully dressed and yet with almost magnetic sexual power on him.
Mycroft gave him a look that clearly repeated 'trust issues'. Somehow, that made John offer his hand up again. Mycroft took it between both of his, studying it. “Remarkable.” he finally concluded.
“I cannot let you have him.”
John had gotten to know the landlady, Mrs Hudson. She was a nice lady, an Alpha way past her menopause and as loving and caring as it ever got. Beside Sherlock and Mycroft, John had never met an Alpha even remotely treating an Omega anything akin to an equal, even the military had him masquerading as a Beta, and yet, the woman, who was an even older generation than himself, was talking to him in such a respectful way, he wanted to cry with joy. Then again, that might have been his hormones.
– but it was rather that he saw Sherlock cared. Cared for their pups. Cared for what John had given him. Cared for the little lives that were growing inside the Omega. And, yes, maybe he did like the idea and soon-to-be reality of Sherlock massively swollen, tight and monstrously large with their four children, why wouldn't he? Well fed, well off – him as their Alpha taking care and able to provide them, even if Mycroft's financial support was essential, with love and food and care and damn him, he would stay up night after night, go without food for days and pamper Sherlock only for the sake of him and their pups and he was more than thankful to not having to do so. And, yes, he admitted, the mere thought of what would become of Sherlock in the following months, especially with the pups growing as eagerly as they currently did, had him deeply aroused and ready to rut within seconds – just imagining his belly growing, feeling the tiniest changes in his own hands, watching his giant belly swinging as it brushed against their bedsheets ever so slightly while he mentally shagged Sherlock's brilliant brain out and against the headboard in a wild rut-...
Mycroft seemed both surprised and unsurprised at the firm reply. “I haven't mentioned a figure.”
“John, if they have your heart and my mind, they will be the first heroes I'm willing to admit exist.”
“Hm, I think I am. You pay, though.” The doctor shrugged, wide grin pulling at his mouth.
been so much as interested in sex and far less any emotional bond, hadn't been able to understand others, who were. It was John. John had changed him. Was it bad? In a way it was, he supposed. When he'd first seen John, he was immediately tied up by the story he told and yet never told a word about. John was different from everyone else. He wasn't
John twisted his upper body and pulled his sock up the rest of the way. She looked as sleepy as she sounded. “Well, you know, I trust Sherlock and all, but I do have to get back to my children. I also miss them.”
“You don't need to work any more, John, I thought that was established by now.”
Apart from the appointment, it had been a really lazy day and Sherlock couldn't deny he had enjoyed it.
was initially planned to be voice as well, but John found himself cut off. “Uh.. thank you.”
At some point, Sherlock tilted his head upwards, pulling John's head down with one hand as he cuddled into the smaller body and pressed soft kisses to his mate. John returned them happily. He'd always been very fond of kissing his partners and Sherlock was no exception.
“Surely you know-”
“Just because I like it, doesn't mean you have to go through it. I like you either way.”
He'd just have to keep trying, nudging John to eat a little more now and then, coaxing him to finally regain his weight. It would take a while, Sherlock knew how difficult it could be to gain weight, though his greatest problem was his metabolism, not his hunger, but the only important thing here was to get John to a safe weight.
“Look, Sherlock, I honestly don't know what it is you are feeling at the moment, but let me tell you, I can very well imagine.. Whatever comes out of this appointment,
“What are you doing out here?”
“Ugh, don't forget I used to be faster than you!”
Going very ASiP here, so I hope my recap on the case in this universe isn't too boring for you ^^
“Medicine.”
John had readied the kitchen table when Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, clouds of steam accompanying him. The mere thought of breakfast was sickening him as he usually did not eat so soon after leaving the bed, but he figured, that after a week of constant calorie burning and only eating when John had been granted the chance to prepare food, he should really consume something edible. Plus, he was pregnant with 99% probability and John would force him to eat anyway. He sat down in his usual chair, as did John. Facing each other from the opposite seats, they looked at each other for a moment, which felt awkward.
“Do you want to keep it?” John asked, still neutrally, and a pause set in.
30 minutes later, he was sitting back at 221B's kitchen table, mug of tea in front of him. Sherlock wasn't in and the pups were all sleeping fast. He was brooding silently.
“Oh, I'm not stopping you. You are right in your position, I'd just like you two to play fair with one another, yes, that goes for you as well as for him, Sherlock. But I tell you one thing Mycroft: If you make him feel uncomfortable in
When there was no protest, however, one slender digit sank in between his cheeks, down until it brushed over John's whole, caressing it while he gasped at the alien touch.
They knew each other not even 3 hours and already, John felt like all they were doing was argue about conditions.
“John, you're in no condition to face your mate in whatever condition he's in! You're staying here until we figure this out. There might be danger there and you can barely stand, let alone face it.”
“Exactly. I'm being released tomorrow, so why take another stroll out here? To say goodbye to the birds?”
I'm mainly just here for the kinky sex..
“Good.” Sherlock replied softly, lifting the spoon to feed John the ice cream, who opened his mouth despite his cramped stomach protesting.
Complications can upset an Omega. Some Omegas are dysfunctional, however, and deal with it their own way.
“Oh, him? Yeah, he can join, too. I bet he'd love to sit around my apartment with you all day, fat with my pups, keeping you company-” his arrogant speech was interrupted by a groan of pain as John crowded him face first against the wall of a house, holding his arm behind his back as he leaned in close, hissing his anger out at him.
His mate was blinking in and out of his mind throughout the entire night and John started to go mad with the instability of their connection. The most comfortable scenario he could think of was that his mate was somewhere in some kind of drug den, taking some shit every few hours that knocked him out quite thoroughly.
He had to try.
John huffed an embarrassed laugh. “There's no saving me.” He opened his eyes and his gaze instantly fell down Sherlock's front, taking in the bump and, beyond, where he was still holding his cock. “Sorry.” he mumbled, resuming his actions, kissing that sweet spot on Sherlock's neck, right next to the bite, to build up the mood again, which wasn't too necessary yet. The Omega appreciated it largely nonetheless. Two minutes later John had his mate slumping back into him a little, coming with a soft moan.
So, yeah. Here it is. You asked for it and since I find myself in the rare situation that combines having time AND being creative - here you already go again.
Sitting back down, slurping away at their treats, Emilia tried persistently to get into his lap, pushing at his elbow where it rested on his thigh. “Alright, hold on Emmy. Take that out while moving around, you don't want to choke on it.” She popped the popsicle out of her mouth and then climbed onto his leg as soon as he moved his arm away. She leaned back to rest against him and he stabilised her with a hand around her waist. Then the chain reaction set into motion and the four other pups suddenly all wanted to cuddle, too. They made a race of it. Jacob was first to his other side and John chuckled as he quickly climbed onto his leg, his treat in his hand as was expected of him. Rosie, Alex and Kat gently pushed at John from either side, jealous and demanding of the same amount of love. He tried to tell them how to sit so everyone could cuddle up, but doing so with an ice lolly in hand and while being cautious not to knock anyone over only caused him to lose balance. He just managed to break his backward fall by flexing his muscles hard and spontaneously when the three un-cuddled pups saw their chance and quickly wriggled up on his belly, effectively pushing him to the floor after all. They were shifting around, trying to find good positions and John suddenly realised this wasn't as easy as it had been a year ago, when they had all been really tiny and light. Now, someone was pressing a knee into his bladder and a hand came mercilessly down on his chest. He moaned in mild pain and chuckled through it, shifting the toddlers' weights around so he could lay in relative comfort as well, rubbing at the sore flesh of his breast. He needed to take the binder off soon. It had started becoming worse as the pups slowly shifted from his milk to soft, mostly gooey and liquid food. He was still producing like their five lives depended on it, but could only feed once, maybe twice a day with it. The rest he tried to squeeze out in the shower to relieve the pressure, but that was still an unpleasant method. He thought maybe, since this was his first litter after many that he could actually breastfeed, his body was trying to make sure they were codependent of each other. Which was silly, as the pups would be depending of his care for a good number of years now either way, but who knew what biology really did just to keep a family together. He, at least, knew he wouldn't let them go no matter what and could well do without the aching chest. Then again, he didn't want to complain. He'd rather produce milk for the rest of his life than part with this litter prematurely. As the toddlers suckled on their treats, John slowly drifted into sleep.
“Being in love?” John asked with a frown, a light current of worry washing through their bond.
“Ah, yes. The bravery of a soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think? Especially for an Omega such as yourself
Sherlock sighed exaggeratedly. “What else am I supposed to do?!”
Oh, hi again!
Sherlock knew, it was just John's instinct making him say it out loud, but when the Alpha had fallen asleep and he himself still walked on the edge to unconsciousness, he would look at John laying on his back, he would stroke his chest and shoulders and belly, he would circle the scar in his left shoulder and think.
“Could you just,
“Someone has to. And besides, I'm feeling soppy, I'm pregnant, let me be that way.”
“Quite right. I suppose you could take John as a role model whilst learning how to be responsible.” the older brother kept picking with the usual arrogance adorning his face.
Sherlock looked at him with an expression so open, it was a little foreign even to John. “Don't you?”
John Watson.” he corrected.
your legal right to have a say in its destiny.”
“Well, then... you can always.. overwrite the scent.”
“What?” Sherlock nearly shouted back over the loud sounds. The neighbours surely wouldn't like it.
He knew Mycroft and him had a complicated relationship, but that was just their version of ordinary sibling rivalry and if either of them was cold and detached, it was definitely Sherlock, not Mycroft. He was sure his older brother had been a dick to him now and then, but overall very caring and gentle with his 'fragile' baby brother – he knew what a sensitive soul he was after all. Maybe it had been the oldest one of them then, Sherrinford. After all, the family rarely even mentioned him, who knew just what he did to deserve such a treatment from the most fluffy couple of parents John had ever met.
