Words would have been better. Even a rambling string of nonsense, dreamlike and irrelevant, might’ve given some indication that Cas had something going on in his head. Thoughts, brain function, conscious or not. But small, sad whimpers were too primal to mean anything other than Cas was in distress—nothing Dean didn’t already know.
Dean was moderately confused. And hurt. There’d been pie? And no one thought to mention it to him? After the spectacular wedding planning he’d done, he deserved some goddamn pie.
From his smirk, Junior hadn’t missed it either. Dean didn’t really give a shit what Junior thought—except for the part where he needed Junior to believe certain things to keep them alive. So on that front, it was good that he saw Dean’s reaction and made the assumptions he would about what it meant. But Dean had a hard time feeling good about it when it wasn’t a conscious part of his cover; his sudden and consuming lust for Novak wasn’t in his control at all. That was more likely to get them into trouble than keep them out of it.
Despite having no idea what that meant or how he was supposed to help with it, Cas quickly agreed, “Sure.” He assumed it was something Jimmy would know about and likely had to do regularly, so he was going to have to either try to figure it out on the fly or find a moment to sneak away and text Jimmy for an explanation before they started. Either way, he had to take care not to be suspicious about it.
Of course, part of that might’ve been the panic wiping clean all other thoughts when Jody said, “Headed up to bed?” and he realized he had no idea where Jimmy’s room was or how to explain that sudden and specific amnesia in front of Jimmy’s entire family. Fortunately, Dean offered to help him carry his bags, so Cas just made sure to stay behind him on the stairs.
Silence was a rarity in the sea of desks that housed the Chicago Police Department’s Violent Crimes Division. An impossibility, almost, with how many people were always working, even in the off hours. There were always phones ringing, people shouting across the room at each other, radios turned up in case something juicy came through and they didn’t want to wait for Patrol to call them out for it. Guys bullshitting each other about feuding sports teams or open cases or what they did with whom on their nights off.
“Dude, no!” Dean’s hand twitched toward Cas, like he wanted to reach out but then thought better of it, and dropped awkwardly to his side instead. “They’ll be okay. And even if they weren’t, it’s so not your fault. Jody and your dad, they made a seriously stupid decision and even if they thought that had good reasons, that’s on them. So is letting it go on for this long without trying to fix it or telling anyone. That’s what Mom’s really upset about, and she doesn’t blame you at all. None of us do. This thing you and Jimmy did was—crazy, yeah, but also a pretty awesome idea. I’m sure I would’ve done something a whole lot dumber in your place.”
fault?” Sam gaped. He looked at Dean with an expression that clearly asked, ‘you hearing this?’ Dean was.
That’s what Dean had decided those were (because he was just a human with a very human brain that couldn’t deal with much without possibly shattering beyond repair). The
idea what she was talking about. There was a click, like the sound their tethers made when snapped into place. “Unfortunately, destroying the portal will release a very massive force, obliterating everything in its proximity.”
Dean’s relief at Cas’s reappearance was short-lived; it shriveled and died inside him as soon as he really took in the sight. Cas had looked perfectly healthy when Naomi called him in for the supposed emergency maintenance and had been doing just fine when Dean last saw him. Even with the headaches that had concerned Dean, there hadn’t been anything that had him expecting anything drastic.
The other man sank down onto the floor beside him, and he couldn't stop his body from listing sideways. He ended up leaning heavily into Cas’s warmth. Which, well, you didn’t have to tell him how alluring it was. Cas was not young, in the traditional sense of the word. He had two teenage kids, one of which he
Not trusting that it wouldn’t find a way to malfunction and gruesomely murder him just to make his day better, Dean exited the elevator in more of a hurry than he otherwise would’ve been in to show up to his new assignment. He was barely off it when the doors started closing, screaming as they did; it was even louder than the first time, coming not from the elevator itself but from the set of doors on the outside. No wonder he’d never heard it before—but that meant he was going to have to hear it every day now. Maybe he’d put in the extra five minutes it took to cross over to the stairs, assuming they could even get him to the right place. The building had so many weirdly designed hallways and inexplicably bolted doors that he was pretty sure a whole section of the fourth floor had been lost to the maze.
Cas’s tense posture melted, at the words or the touch or both. Dean remembered how he’d responded to the simple contact before, like he was starved for it, and leaned in even closer to offer what comfort he could.
“Nah. It’s not like she’s here all the time—she’s got a job, lives halfway around the world, you know.”
He levelled another look at his surrogate dad as he shooed the old man telepathically. It took a hot minute and then Bobby was departing with a grumble. Dean rolled his eyes exaggeratedly. Cas snickered into his shoulder.
“I do not understand that reference,” she shot back. He levelled a look of disbelief at his companions. Cas looked mildly amused. Sam, highly so. “Time to jump is ten minutes.”
He has clothes like Meg’s, leather jacket and flannel shirt and jeans that can stand up to hard use. He has freckles over his tanned face and a charming smile. He has bright eyes that look Cas over with more than just passing concern for his welfare. “Y’alright there?” he asks. There’s no derision or anger in his voice, despite the entire situation being Cas’s fault, despite Cas being an obvious outsider here. It’s warm and genuine, and carries an inexplicable sense of intimacy despite the dozens of people flowing around them.
He didn’t know who moved first, but he suspected it was himself. (The real culprit here was Rowena, if you thought about it.) His lips found Cas’s soft ones, slowly caressing them in greeting. They were welcomed heartily.
“He’s definitely zoned,” Dean said as he stared at the rise and fall of his hand, the flow of fluid through the tubes all around his fingers. “He’s not in the aesthecosm, he’s in the cyberscape. He…”
Since he was presumably on a standard conduit connection rather than the strange and unusual methods Dean and Cas were linked in on, his hands flailed with data from his wrist bands and his head turned as his glasses moved, but his facial features remained static in the way characters in the cyberscape usually did. It was the norm for cyberscape avatars, but even the brief time Dean had spent with Cas after his zone had somehow accustomed him to expecting more expression.
“Bitch,” Dean snapped back. It was good to see the kid. It’d been a while since Jody’s Easter thing. “You need a haircut, Chewbacca.” Then, struck with a stroke of genius, he turned to Cas, “Wait, can that be his code-name? Chewbacca?”
"You are … pushing me away so it will hurt less." Dean eyes flicked back up. He could hear the hurt in Cas’s voice and it tore him apart inside. He reached out.
“I must be getting to my brother.” Anna said as she nodded to Dean and went through the doors. Dean stayed planted in his place, peering into the mess hall again. He watched as Anna reached the stainless steel table and was greeted by Cas. Dean’s heart sped up just a bit. The siblings sat and glanced at each other every few seconds barely emoting. A word escaped Anna’s lips. No, not a word; a name, ‘Dean’.
“Give me your shotgun. We need to get on a highway.” Castiel says as he holds his hand out. Dean scoffs and looks at Castiel. His brow furrows.
"You're sure this is gonna work?" Dean says. He stands behind Castiel at an ATM on the side of a bank in Wells Nevada. They had run through the last of their cash at a Gas station that morning after they left the hotel.
“Now that was funny. The look on Ambassador Spock's face when they detained you - that was priceless. ”
"This again, Sammy? We're about to take down the biggest threat to Federation space, and you want to talk about 'feelings'." Dean said, with a furrowed brow.
"I can't talk about this." Dean said, checking the weapons supply, looking further away from Castiel. Dean felt a tug on his chair and found himself spinning around to face Cas. Blue eyes stared him down and caught his gaze.
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Dean says grinning as he swings his arm around Cas’ shoulders. The pair walk into the roadhouse and the place erupts into booze, laughing, and singing.
“Don’t even think about screaming. I’m going to take my hand away, and your going to answer a few questions, got it?” Dean said in a low voice. The man stared at Dean, eyes pierced with fear.
“Captain.” She said shifting her gaze between the two men, as if measuring the distance between them. Cas huffed as more unspoken words were traded between them. Dean waited in the silence trying to pick up nuances. Moments passed and Anna spoke.
“Cas, please. You aren’t a weapon to me. I need you on this mission because like you said, you’re my closest friend. I mean, I’m doing this for you and Samandriel. For what he did to you.”
Castiel can hear the click of the door lock and Dean's heart rate rises. Castiel turns back to the car and grabs for the handle. Dean rolls the window down only an inch.
"I must be returning to sick bay to prepare for the battle. Please, Dean, get some rest before we arrive at our destination." Cas said. He took a step closer and placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. He spoke again.
Castiel made it to the sick bay door and it slid open. Cas closed his eyes and took a breath. He opened them and looked up.
"What the hell are you waiting for boy, let's go get the bastards." The crew laughed and Dean nodded as he stood to address each member of the bridge crew.
Another flash and Castiel is sitting on that same cold metal table that he first woke up on. His pain receptors are off the chart, and he can tell, even with his sensors slightly malfunctioning that he looks even worse than he feels. His reflection in the glass wall is mostly metallic and grey. A jagged gash runs from his right ear down across his face to his jaw. It would have been worse had Uriel not finally called Gadreel off. Dean swooped in and started in on repairs, slowly synthesizing new skin and muscle fibers.
Dean had always felt like this, like his life was a gift given to the wrong person. Admitting that to anyone would be ludicrous. He could feel the pair of blue eyes on him. He turned his head and saw Castiel staring at him.
“Commander Castiel to medics team, meet me in sick bay immediately. Ash you have the bridge.” Castiel ran to the turbo lift and ran once he got off. His head was pounding and he was concentrating as hard as he could on Dean, if he was still alive.
“It’s not important, Cas, just friggin drop it.” Dean seethed, turning to exit. Cas grabbed his shoulder and pulled Dean back around.
The Impala floated in the light-year long expanse between the Argenteus and the Borg cube. It would still take a good twenty minutes, before they could carry out their plan. Dean and Sam sat in silence, punching buttons. Dean monitored the distance between the shuttle and the Argenteus. The shuttle would be passing the point of no return soon. Dean spoke in a low voice, eyes still trained on the Borg Cube.
“Well, these ones aren’t. They’re a rebel group. This is their ship.” John handed the pad to Dean. On it was the layout of a large Romulan Warbird, with the name Auroto below it.
"You shouldn't do that either," Castiel says, voice lowering as he flicks Dean's hand away. "I mean it. Any sign of ... camaraderie could get you killed."
Nonetheless, they were inseparable. Dean would get into trouble, and as much as Cas groaned when Dean asked him to tag along on his escapades, Cas obliged. Some of Dean’s best memories come from the Academy. Everything from watching Cas explain away how a couple thousand tribbles made their way into the Campus cafeteria, to staying up late cramming for exams they didn’t study for that week because they were too busy sneaking out and going to any vintage movie theater Dean could find.
"Cas, wait," Dean says, leaning forward, wincing at the pressure on his leg. "You ... shit. You uh, you never answered me." He says, leaning back. Castiel stops moving, half leaning out the door. "Are you ok? You've been, I dunno ... off since the hotel. You won't uh, you won't even look me in the eyes, I just ... I don't know ... "
Dean found himself at the mouth of a small cave. The entrance was barely big enough for a shuttle to fit through. Dean scanned the area around him. Then he walked for what seemed like hours down it. He turned corners and heard voices. He saw pieces of old bulkheads scattered on the ground and stepped carefully around them as best as he could. After a few more moments of silence, Dean came across a large opening. He crouched near the edge and peered around the corner.
"No, we don't," Dean says, turning his back to Castiel and moving to the small dresser. "I know a place. Bobby was like a second father to me, but his old war buddy, Rufus, was like the weird cracked out uncle. He's on the way to Sam in good ol' Reno. Man likes to gamble almost as much as he likes his guns." Dean says pulling out a cheap gun cleaning kit they'd bought on the way.
“Remember that when I’m under his control and murdering half the ship, because you wouldn’t let me leave. This isn’t about me, Dean, this is about the safety of the crew. I don’t care if I go insane, but if I hurt someone I care about again.” Cas shook his head and took a deep breath. He averted Dean’s gaze as he turned back to the door and stopped just a foot shy of it and looked back to Dean. Cas spoke, again, but it was cool and even - the voice Cas reserved for Starfleet Admirals. “I will be in my quarters meditating if anyone requires my assistance.”
He fires two shots. The first hits Gadreel square on the side of his head. It sends his synthetic skin flying and reveals his gunmetal skeleton underneath. The other nicks the front tire. It’s a small bite but it's enough to grip the pavement. Gadreel tries to break but the rubber burns beneath him and the bike flips back over front, sending him headfirst into the trunk of the car in front of him. The crunch of metal and glass is loud enough to hear for miles. Cars behind the wreck burn rubber trying to brake before hitting the stopped car.
“That’s great. I mean.” He pauses forgetting that this is heaven. It means Sam is dying right now. “How old is he anyway?”
"Don't ... " Dean points the shotgun at Castiel, "make me regret this." Dean finishes as he opens the door, leans over, and unlocks the passenger side door. The engine roars to life as they hear glass shatter inside the shop. Castiel slides into the passenger side and shuts the door. Dean floors it and backs up just as they see Gadreel leap out of the window.
Dean made his way to the transporter room after stopping at his quarters to change and shave. Dean soon found himself being transported back to Starfleet Headquarters. He greeted old professors and made his way to Admiral Winchester's office. He stood in front of the sliding door and pulled at his uniform, and ran a hand through his hair.
“He … they want to … assimilate you and your brother. There’s not a Borg in the universe that doesn’t know of you, the Winchesters. He thinks having two Starfleet officers who happen to be brothers, would strengthen his army. He will stop at nothing to get to you, and I believe now he is using me to do it.”
"When will you stop Unit 13," Uriel yells from behind Gadreel. Azazel moves to block the glass door but Castiel is quick to flick the gun out of Gadreel's hand and aim it at the three.
Dean felt something begin to materialize duct-taped to his back. Dean wanted to smile remembering Die Hard had been showing at the vintage movie theater the same week Superman was back in the academy. Cas always said that John McClane was foolish for pulling that move, but Dean guessed, some things change.
“I don’t think I have to remind you what happens when a soul stays on earth for too long,” Cas says as he closes the distance between them and places a hand on Dean's shoulder. He looks past Dean and Dean follows his gaze.
Castiel blinks and he sees Rufus again, behind Dean. He's far on the other side of the room now, still holding the rifle up. Castiel stares down the barrel. Dean leans to catch his blank gaze.
"No." He lets out an angry scoff. "No, you know what, you don't know. Sammy is pretty much all the family I have left. You keep saying things like you know me. You expect me to give him up?" Dean says turning around. "You're friggin nuts, you know that?"
"Captian, we have to go after the Borg. We can't just let them go free!" Chief Tactical Officer Henricksen said.
"Yes, Sir." The comm fell silent. Dean sighed and took another sip of coffee. He looked up to Sam and then to Cas - his last saving grace, and made a decision.
"This has to do with proximity. If we stay here and back down, Cas drops out of whatever mind control he's under and the ship is safe. If we follow him, Cas stays under his control and could really lose it, but there's a 50/50 chance to destroy the Borg for good. He's making us chose. Cas's sanity and the ship, or Earth." Dean growled. "I'm not losing another officer to him, not Cas. But we can't let him assimilate Earth either." Dean gripped the guardrail as he mulled over the choices before him. Someone else, though, had an answer. Charlie.
“If,” Cas paused looking down and shuffling in his place. “If that was too forward, or I was wrong to assume reciprocation, I apologize. You are still my Captain. I should have known, it’s a breech of protoc-” Cas started rambling, but Dean cut in.
be easier to give up. They couldn’t fight. They could barely defend themselves. Dean tried to pull options out of the air until he glanced to Sam. It dawned on him that they could give Lucifer exactly what he wanted. The Winchesters. He could pull a move he made back in the Academy, something that made his father cringe.
“No. You’re scared. You’re scared of letting go because bad things happen. Of course death is a constant, but you don’t shut down and act like people don’t care. You missed the point of the Kobayashi Maru when you sacrificed yourself, Dean. You abandoned your crew and you thought they’d be okay without you. I know you’re a noble person, that’s why you’re a good captain; but for some screwed up reason, you think no one will miss you. You really don’t know how important you are, especially to Cas? Everyone sees what you mean to eachother. Even Dad knew. That’s why treats Cas the way he does. He doesn’t want you to go through what he did so he pushes Cas away. He does exactly what you’re doing right now. Classic Winchester behavior apparently.” Dean’s eyes flicked up to Sam.
“I would like a tour of the ship. A little distraction before the funeral rites would be pleasant. Would either of you mind showing me around?”
"I wanna call bullshit, but I guess I gotta believe you." His eyes flick up to Castiel and back to the blankets. For a while, Castiel doesn't move, just merely leans back a touch so he can still see out of the window if he needs to. Dean looks up at Castiel again and doesn't look away this time. "You know what ... I really can't sleep," Dean says moving to get out of the bed. "Gimme that. I'll clean it." He says holding his hand out toward Castiel. He obliges, lifting the shotgun towards Dean, handle first.
“Yeah I’ll be there in a sec, Ash.” Dean stayed for a moment longer as a small smile spread slowly on Cas’ face. It was a simple smile, not spread ear to ear, but it was one that Cas could manage. Sweet and unassuming. Dean stared a moment longer wondering how his name could bring that out of Cas. But there he sat, looking sheepish, like Dean had looked only minutes before. Dean felt his breath pick up and his mouth run dry. He let out a breath and pulled on his uniform before returning to his duties.
When Dean drives it's all on instinct. He drives with his heart. He knows this car like the back of his hand. Has disassembled and put her back together so many times he knows how many nuts and bolts are in her. So yeah. He's a little grumpy watching Castiel grip the steering wheel at 10 and 2.
“The only foreseeable option would be for me to mind meld with someone. It would keep me grounded enough to fight him off.”
"Cas!" Dean said, glad to see Cas, but his glee faltered as Cas tried to unfold himself and stand. His uniform was tattered, and his medic’s coat was nowhere to be found. Dean felt his heart sink as he watched Cas struggle to stand. There was a gash across the left side of his face and blood ran down from it. His knuckles were bruised and bloody and he grabbed at his ribs. Dean rushed to him to steady him.
Dean went straight for the replicator and made a simple black overcoat to disquise himself on the moon. As it materialized he looked Cas dead in the eyes and spoke.
A warm breeze washed over Dean. He sat in the valley of the Grand Canyon, back on Earth. He wasn't hiking or camping, just sitting next to a stream. He blinked a few times, taking in the scenery when he heard a voice next to him. He turned his head and saw Castiel beaming down at him. Cas opened his mouth to speak, but his voice was garbled and Dean couldn't quite hear him. The ground around him started to shake and almost rattle, like an earthquake. When Dean looked down and touched the ground he felt nothing. He looked back up to Cas, but he was fading away, like a cloud of smoke, and the canyon was leaking away with him. Dean closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, he saw the cool grey ceiling of sick bay. Pain rushed through his limbs and he let out a groan. He heard shuffling and tried to turn to see but a pain shot through his back.
Castiel stands to his full height and almost makes himself wider but pushing his arms against the sides of his body. Dean looks to Castiel now standing like an immovable force in front of him as bullets rake across his back. Dean can feel his mouth fall open, can feel his hearing go someplace else, to his own heartbeat. Castiel is like a statue in front of him, one that won't budge, even if the bullets tear him in half, even with his face wrenching up. Castiel will not give up, he won't let Dean die.
"You're right ... about not being him I mean," Dean says turning his head to stare at the ground. Castiel turns his head. "But ... that's not your fault. It's mine."
"Yeah ... yeah, I'm ... I'm here," Dean says slow and pained. He blinks a few times and lets out a groan as he presses down harder on his thigh. "Don't worry, you still got a job, Cas."
“I’m not mad at Cas, You don't even know what happened on the Durus.” Dean huffed and ran a hand over his face trying to head off the inevitable migraine that was coming his way.
"Did you see a woman. Blonde, yellow uniform." Ejhil looked to Dean and took a few tentative steps away.
Castiel blinks and for a moment he's back there, back in the 'jump room' as they called it. Dean stands at a console, bloodied and beaten, typing furiously. Lights flash against his face from red to green. He glances behind him as the archway fills with gunfire. Castiel tries to get to him, but the glass door in front of him has locked itself into the jump chamber. A countdown begins.
"How do you know that, huh? My father's known me my whole life. He knows what I am. I am responsible for the death of his wife. I started out a failure, Cas. I have to fix this mistake. I have to. " Dean said. A silence filled the large room for at least a minute before Castiel spoke again.
Dean couldn't take it. Cas looked completely helpless. It still astonished Dean that Cas could so easily knock Dean out and force him to stay, but he didn't. Instead, he stood staring at the floor waiting and maybe hoping that Dean would stay anyway. But, Dean knew he couldn't do that. He had to go. Dean stood and faced Cas, who watched Dean with melancholy eyes.
Gadreel aims the gun at Dean and clicks the safety off. Azazel goes for Castiel and pins his arms behind his back.
"Please … I don't …" Dean sputtered, feeling blood stain his mouth. He closed his eyes expecting another fatal heat wave, but felt nothing. When he opened his eyes, the group of Romulans were back at the opening. Dean strained to see what they were looking at, and his eyes widened when he saw a figure running towards the Romulans. The figure knocked two of the men down in one swift shove and made it past the opening. Dean squinted and wiped his face with his free hand, trying to see who it was. A lab coat flashed and he knew.
“Well then. Spit it out, Cas. And sit down, you’re giving me the creeps just standing there like that.” Cas rolled his eyes and took a seat across from Dean. Cas looked at his hands as he fiddled with his sleeves. He sighed and spoke.
He leans out the window searching for Gadreel. He finally spots him a few cars behind them. Sure enough, he sees a woman on the ground with a bloody nose.
"Sorry, you're sorry? For what?" Dean almost laughs but it comes out as an angry hollow sound. Castiel watches him. He looks down at his own feet.
The last time Dean had seen his father, their meeting had started as a conversation about duty and responsibility and ended when John had landed a blow that broke Dean's nose. That was 11 years ago when Dean graduated from Starfleet Academy.
“I'm not the only one who sucks at timing though, you gotta admit Cas” Dean chuckles as he sees Cas’ brow furrowed.
"I'll be fine," Castiel says, a dry tone in his voice, taking the flap of skin and folding it back over. Blood oozes out the sides of the cut, but it doesn't seem to bother him. "Let's go." He says as he moves past Dean.
"What idiot ordered that?" Bobby asked crossing his arms. Sam spoke up, noticing his brother's apprehension.
“Cas, shut up,” Dean says. He looks down and feels his face growing redder. Cas’ brow furrows. Dean raises his head to meet Cas’ gaze. “Seriously. Look I know I haven’t always been an open book. I know I haven’t always been good to you. But you, Cas? You’ve always been there through the good shit and the bad. And there was a whole lotta bad. The point is, I … I don’t know where I’d be without you. You changed me, Cas.” Dean's voice was shaking. He lets his arms hang at his sides, putting all energy into his words, putting everything into his words. “I … I love you, too, Cas, of course, I do. I’m sorry it took me this long to say it.”
The Romulan turned in amazement to see Dean grinning through his pain. In one swift motion, Cas was behind him and brought up his hand. He pinched the nerve near the Romulans neck, and he collapsed to the ground. Cas took quick steps and knelt next to Dean. He took out his tricorder and scanned Dean, focusing on his shoulder where he was shot.
They pull up to a long stretch of brick buildings. Must've been a factory at some point but now it's small apartments and homes. The corner building catches Castiel's eye, the coke sign, though dull and old signals Rufus' home.
"What!?" A voice yells out from a speaker above the doorbell. The voice cracks with feedback and scratches out.
“Cas, I can’t let you do that. I need you on this Borg mission. I need your link to Lucifer, to locate him. I can't do this without you.”
"Open a channel." Dean paused and took a breath. "This is Captain Dean Winchester of the U.S.S. Argenteus. Identify yourself." The view screen switched to a view that made Dean's heart sink. Lucifer. Somehow he had thought that maybe it was just a straggling Borg cube, something they could just avoid. But, there he stood in the center of a black room that was laced with green lights and silver tubing.
The village of Castielfabib is a real place in Spain, and is called 'Castiel' for short by its inhabitants, who are in turn called 'castieleros/as'.
The door opened, and in walked Dean, devastatingly handsome and put-together in a sharp suit that outlined his broad shoulders.
Then Dean licked his lips, staring at Castiel all the while, his green eyes bright in the soft light of the dawn through the window.
He would go through abuse and privation and starvation and as many lives as he had to live, just to find Castiel again.
So Dean sat and thought about it, because he wanted to help his brother, and because the alternative didn’t bear thinking about.
He glanced briefly at Castiel and wondered if that’s what went through his head at all times too – protect Dean.
And yes, he wanted Dean in ways that he was given to understand would frighten him, would disgust him.
“Dean, that is absolutely not true,” said Castiel. “What you went through – the things you experienced, your
“Thank you,” Claire gasped, grabbing Kaia into a desperate kiss. Dean turned away again, clearing his throat.
“Tell Bela’s window I said she’s better off without you!” Cas replied. To Jimmy he offered an awkward-feeling wave and said, “Hello.”
?” Sensing the kid building up to a question, he reached over and tweaked the dial, turning up the volume.
He felt teeth scrape against his bottom lip. Tongues united, taking advantage of collapsing bodies. One hand fisted into the front of his shirt, pulling him closer to the heat and scent that was so innately Cas that it made his eyes roll up. He cupped Cas’s face and stroked the rough stubble as he’d always wanted to.
Cas is, of course, flattered by it. “Of course. I mean, I wouldn’t mind. I’d like that. But you should know I might not be very good company. I don’t really know about any of this.” He circles his hand to suggest, he hopes, the entirety of their surroundings. “It’s the first time I’ve been to one of these. Meg invited me along—you know her?” He has to assume the answer is yes, given that Meg threatened to call Dean’s mom on him and Dean didn’t object, but sometimes it can be hard to tell with her.
Three months later, Dean stood outside the hospital as they brought Sammy out, looking much better than he had since landing. The color was back in his cheeks and he looked like he had at least three meals a day. His hair had been neatly cleaned up so he didn’t just look like a beefier version of Harry Potter in Goblet of Fire.
“Yeah. I think this might be my favorite place in the entire world, you know? I just feel so at home. Which is dumb, I know, this whole place is my home, but—”
Dean liked Junior ignoring him a hell of a lot more than Junior leering at him, but he forced on an extra special smile. And kept his mouth shut, at least so long as it seemed like Novak had things under control.
That was possibly more information than he knew how to handle. On top of his other concerns, he was starting to worry that Jimmy hadn’t provided a full enough picture of his family to prepare Cas to meet them.
“We should head inside and cool off. Get a drink. I’ll come back out later this evening when it cools down, we’re almost done. You helping out made this go so much quicker, so thanks! I would’ve had to finish up tomorrow otherwise. And it would be such a shame to ruin our morning plans.”
Leaning back against the long stone counter, Dean waited with his arms crossed for Novak to answer. Novak stood just inside the bathroom door, hands at his sides in a pose that should have looked awkward. It really should’ve, and on anyone else it probably would’ve, but Novak wasn’t fidgety about it like most people would’ve been. He was a man at ease with his own presence, so in charge of himself that it seemed only natural for him to be in charge of everything around him.
“No.” Dean rolled onto his side to fix Castiel with a look that stopped his smile short. The part of Dean that kept having stupid thoughts stupidly thought it was a shame; Castiel hard and scowling may have been the living embodiment of Dean’s sexual ideal, but Castiel soft and smiling gave Dean a whole different set of feelings that were no less of a bad idea. Whether or not his regret was a sign of weakness, it wasn’t more important than the point he had to make, and that was definitely going to kill any good mood Castiel might have had.
“. . . but they will,” Dean looked down at the picture. Cas was out, leaning up against the wall. One kid on each arm. Jack was frowning in discomfort, Claire’s locks poking his nose. They looked like they’d fallen asleep right in the middle of a heart-to-heart. Or whatever it is normal families did.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re accusing me of,” she responded demurely. After a moment, she shrugged, “Although, you both could use some calm right now, won’t you agree?”
“I don’t know. It’s a lot to think about, but thank you for being willing to. All I know right now is that I don’t want to lose you or Jimmy or anyone here.”
Kevin still sounded hesitant, but he walked to one of the blank, computer-generated walls and with a few waves of his arm that probably translated to a lot of typing in reality, he made a door appear where there had been nothing before. Then he stepped back and turned to Cas. “This is what I found.”
“Shit!” Dean gasped as they halted, almost as abruptly as they’d started. He bent over, trying to catch his breath. “No fair . . . I don’t have the stamina,” he slapped his chest to soothe it, “to keep up with you!”
The shot seemed almost muffled as the muzzle forced its way into Ketch’s mouth. Maybe that was just Dean’s failing senses. Maybe it was the dull thud of his heartbeat echoing in his head as he watched Cas sink his nails into skin.
Moncrieff slapped the button for the basement and pulled back out of the elevator without waiting for Dean to acknowledge his last jab. Either he wanted to make sure he got the last word in or he was scared that Dean was going to give him the ass-kicking he deserved. Whichever it was, it just proved what Dean already knew: he was a certified moron who’d lucked or bought his way into the job. If Dean had restrained himself from beating the shit out of Adler, Moncrieff was nothing. A spineless piece of shit nothing, but not one Dean was willing to throw away what was left of his career on.
Yet Cas had a large section of freshly shaved hair near his left temple and a patch of synthskin covering the area. He acted like it was perfectly normal, asking, “Are you ready to go?”
“Bartholomew, what is this?” Cas asked a man near the center of the crowd, who had a phone rather than a gun.
He cleared his throat and dragged his eyes up from the paddle to meet Novak’s gaze, only that wasn’t any better. Despite the depressing lighting, Novak’s eyes just about sparked with intensity and Dean felt a shiver that had nothing to do with how exposed he was. He had to swallow again before he could force out any words at all, and when he did, even he recognized them as a pathetic attempt.
“I took a risk, okay?” she exclaimed, throwing out the hand she wasn’t using to tether herself. “We have a deadline to return by! And this was the only route that got us home by then.”
Novak’s expression shuttered into something too complicated for Dean to read. “I wasn’t at my best last night,” he said.
“Come on,” Gabriel stopped his imminent trip down a very dark, potentially delusional road. Cas turned to him, questioning. “You’ve earned a slice of pie. Kali has one in the oven.” Cas bit his lip, because if this was Gabriel’s idea of a clever reveal . . . “Oh,
Sam, the nerd, didn’t even have the decency to walk around. He’d unbuckled and curled right back up in his seat, eyes glued to the love of his life: his eReader. “ASTERIA, set an alarm for, say, eight hours from now?”
, in fact, turn eggs to coal. He’d only read about that in books, before that fateful morning. It was quite an experience watching it unfold.
was vibrating in joy. Turning to Kaia, he added, “I hope you know what you’ve gotten yourself into.”
“Just a headache,” he said pointedly. “It has nothing to do with my link or my senses, regardless of what I’m sure you’re thinking. If anything, you’re the cause.”
When the bus passed under the large gate marking the entrance to Camp Chitaqua, Balthazar finally turned off his music and grinned at Cas. “Are you ready for the most amazing summer of your boring nerd life?”
Looking at Cas’s cheek still pressed into his hand, he thought maybe he could. He moved slowly, tentatively at first to make sure it was okay; leaned in an inch at a time, eyes on Cas’s, until he was close enough to kiss.
“No,” she answers, which also should have been predictable. “It’s more fun to let you figure it out.”
Before she and Cesar could disconnect to go make those arrangements, Cas came to get Dean from the conference room.
“Come on!” Ketch cried, diving out of the way like a coward. As though trying to keep up the façade that he had any control over the hounds.
The card dealer snorted a laugh before Dean had a chance to respond to that. “Think he’s already a detective,” he drawled, lazy and Louisianian, without breaking from his game again. “Question is, what’s he doing here?”
It wasn’t until he’d grabbed Sam, a little worse for wear, into a teary hug that he’d managed to stop.
The responses implied he’d succeeded in his quest to be America’s Next Top Alarm Clock. They’d made it to breakfast a little late.
“It’s not about the money.” Novak studied them, studied Dean like he was deciding if he could say what he was thinking. Whether or not it was what he originally planned, what he said was, “I don’t sell as much as you seem to think I do. Not like I could eat from it. I make them because I enjoy the work, and I sell them when I run out of people I like to give them to. But I don’t like repeating myself and I have absolutely no patience for cleaning up after someone else’s tantrums.”
Cas cocked an eyebrow at him, “I was trying to figure out what it was. Didn’t see the point in bothering everyone else when I could just do it on my own.”
Talking to Cas like the kid he appeared to be was weirding Dean out, though he didn’t know if talking to him like an adult would’ve been any less awkward. Especially since Cas’s only response to his childproofed explanation was to frown and keep looking up at him with that lost little boy expression.
realize what was going on (and precisely why that was worried the shit out of him), buried Claire’s face against herself, turning her away.
“Then you’d best get him to his pod, don’t you think?” she suggested sweetly, idly walking up to the kitchen cabinets and pulling out a mug.
“Fair enough,” she’d shrugged. “So . . . are any of your friends going to visit anytime soon? Before we leave?”
Dean almost turned to give that exactly the kind of response it deserved, but that would’ve meant looking away from Novak and he wasn’t willing to do that yet. Turned out Turner had it covered.
“Why did you do that?” she demanded as the locks disengaged with a hiss and Gabe zipped inside, followed closely by Balthazar.
Ignoring Cesar’s continued protests, Dean turned his attention back to Cas. Though Dean’s touch hadn’t been enough to ground him, it would help Dean find him inside the aesthecosm and drag him back to reality. Muttering an apology, because he felt creepy as shit about it, he unbuttoned Cas’s shirt and wrestled it off his unresisting arms. Creepy or not, he had to stop and stare at his first—probably only—chance to really look at Cas’s wings. Unused, they just looked like metal tubes, bent in half and planted beneath the skin. If he looked closely enough, he could find the slits where the energy blades would erupt out, but they were as dormant as Cas. The scars around them—
“And that's why I told Cas not to put the codependent kin together on this mission,” Anna had slipped her chaperones. In front of him, Cas suddenly looked very alarmed.
He stuffed half of a slice into his mouth and grinned at Sam. The asshole bitch-faced, then turned to the other two, “We’ll get them back, Cas.”
His own voice definitely sounded crystal clear to his ears when he said, “Blow me, Cas.” Then he took a moment to hope that the server didn’t autolog; or that if it did, no one important would ever have a reason to pull up the recording.
Sitting up, Dean stared from her to Charlie to Cas and back. He said, “That’s not possible. He’s not wired in—he wasn’t anywhere near a conduit.”
Pursuing that train of thought would lead him to rethink his faith in Charlie and the Oziomei. That was something he couldn’t do. Besides, if they’d been planning a hostile takeover, they’d have shot the humans into space ages ago.
“That was Slowmo,” Sam told him. “Already got the jump on us, I guess – hunt’s over in Florida. So no reason to go.”
In his frustration, he had laid a hand on Castiel’s arm. Many people did that, but within the stone, Castiel
“A comrade-in-arms told me as much,” said Castiel. “And that you were unaware that this is no second war. It’s the same war.”
slam through him like a lightning strike, that place he'd put his hand on Dean when they had first been together, and Dean shouted, then came
“Well? What is it to be?” asked Johnny Appleseed. “The question must be put to the man with the golden soul.”
“Is a drag club, yes, honey,” said Tina. “I don’t know if you’re new in town, but this is the gay neighborhood. Better get used to it.”
that the person they are addressing is someone who had these real life experiences. In my life, I have noticed that people with little contact when it comes to this other world always seem to think these are things that happen to
They raised the wall for a new building with the townspeople who had come to assist, preparing for a great house to be raised there on the prairie.
"Yeah," said Dean. "But we're going to have a talk someday, if I don't know this stuff after all these years."
“I’m comin’ for you, buddy,” said Dean into the darkness, his lips now pressed by the same strange black inky void, trusting that he would find his way someday, trusting that this walk would reward him with Castiel, utterly prepared, now, to walk for years or centuries in this neverending black gloom, if it would bring his angel back –
“I doubt it was – it would be, I don’t mean to offend, but I’ve never heard of anything like what I went through. Not in my life.”
I find this does not always exist in the non-drifter/hobo world. Sometimes, the answer to that question (or others) upsets the asker so much they become very uncomfortable and stop interacting. The thing is, it’s not the asking that’s the problem, it’s the abandonment afterwards, as if the knowledge is the horror and not the experience itself – or dredging up the experience and then leaving the person to sort through it on their own because simply
He took a stroll in the fresh air of the evening, surprised a little at how good it felt getting out of the cigar fug and breathing the night air beneath a past-sunset sky littered with stars.
"And greed, let's be real here," said Dean. "After all that, I ain't lettin' you outta my sight. Got it?"
"You might say that," he said. "Here is a list of kinks, hard limits, things we'd like to try. I've filled in my part and you can fill in yours."
if Castiel wished to remain employed, this was his only opportunity, unless he wanted to spend time looking for work, and there was no telling what kind of employer he might find himself.
," and the curse word, the earthiness of it, from a being such as he, was like a lightning rod to Dean, who wept pathetic at the word,
“That part of the Deep South has always been haunted,” Dean went on. “Just near there, a young man was driving home one night in the forest, and he saw a lady walking alone along the road. It was raining, and dark because of the time of year, so he pulled over to offer her a ride. She accepted, and climbed into the backseat. The guy drove her to the address she’d given him. When he arrived, the back seat was empty.”
Sam sat down beside Dean. He was silent, but Dean could feel his brother watching him. He knew that the second the garden door closed again – if Dean survived another night – Sam would want answers, and want them
“The Shadow told Castiel that it knew who he loved, that there was nothing back there for him,” he said. “After he got back, and saw…well, everything he went through, I think he decided that the Shadow hadn’t been lying. A page from my big brother Lucifer’s book: why lie when the truth hurts more?”
He had seen art, and heard music, and read books considered the most beautiful and influential throughout time
as she descended further and further into madness. She even had a sleeping area and they found remnants of food here and there, along with holes in the walls for viewing and access to the main house via closets along with other spaces in the walls which had been cleverly built to hide the doors into the plumbing areas.
Castiel's eyes shot open wide as he watched Dean from every available angle, debauched and perfect, hedonistic and wild.
"Yeah," Dean whispered harshly to the empty room as he jacked himself soft and slow. "Yeah. Just like that."
"Dean Winchester," said Castiel, holding his gaze. "My answers to you will forever be these three: Yes. Always. And anywhere."
The sensation of the silk rasping against the fine hair on his legs made him gasp a little, and the feeling of them pulled up, hugging his ass, barely confining his now fully-hard dick, made him whine a little.
wasn’t something Dean got to enjoy often, if at all, due to the nature of his job and his lifestyle. Cas
I am a former feral child. It took me many years to begin to understand social mores, understanding, etc. I have gone through everything and anything you can imagine a locked-up child has experienced. Yes, even that, whatever it is you're thinking. In fact, it is highly unlikely that you can imagine all of it, because the sick twistedness of it is beyond the imagination of most sane people, such as extreme torture. I once called an anonymous counseling line to talk about my experiences, and it made the counselor on the other end so sick I had to call him back after a couple of hours so he could pull himself together - and I hadn't even finished the story. I, and the others who were there (I was not the only one, boys & girls were both there) suffered things I've never heard or seen outside a courtroom setting.
“Yes, Castiel, always,” Dean replied, as Castiel pressed his hand harder against the shape of his cock inside him. “I belong to you.”
Castiel changed their position so they were lying down in the bed and drew the covers up over their bodies.
Disgruntled, Dean sighed and glared at his dick, which was still standing at attention because it hadn’t got the message that nothing was going to happen.
“His soul,” said Castiel. “I would recognize it anywhere. The most beautiful soul I had ever seen. Perfect, incorruptible. Golden.”
“Framed by a beautiful sunset giving way to the stars of the night,” he continued. “They remind me of your freckles, you know. Always have. In fact, I put constellations there.”
Drifter poetry is how we frequently tell stories to each other, when we do meet together, and this type of spoken word poetry has more in common with music, song, or even enthusiastic preaching, than it holds in common with other poetic forms. Do not look for patterns in the poetry, but the patterns and beats that you can form with it using the spoken word.
maybe the wing-oil, maybe something else, because if Dean had been relaxed before, he became desperate, begging, needy, now, demanding and spreading his knees wide, touching his own cock and asking that Castiel mount him.
"See?" Samuel demanded, fierce and true. "You said I wasn't a hunter anymore, that I'd gone soft. But I've been keeping an eye on the situation. Lore isn't entirely useless."
Dean had found he could compartmentalize in his mind, away from Castiel, like closing the door to a room in a shared apartment.
, unable to move, impossibly, unbearably full, the sensations of pleasure too much for him as he went completely boneless in Castiel’s powerful grip and let himself be used in the best way.
The Lone Ranger, George Washington Carver, and the more famous American heroes of course, like Abraham Lincoln or Martin Luther King Jr.
"Califia is a part of California history, and she also reinforces the fact that when Cortes named this place California, he had 300 black people with him." Templeton pointed out that Columbus had a black navigator and that Africans were seen by Europeans as being culturally advanced in the fifteenth century. William E. Hoskins, director of the museum, said that very few people know the story of Queen Califia. He said, "One of the things we're trying to do is let people have the additional insight and appreciation for the contributions of African Americans to this wonderful country and more specifically to the state of California", adding that "the Queen Califia exhibit is particularly poignant."
Castiel saw this, and with a shout, fucked him against the table so hard it rattled and echoed throughout the bunker.
“Oh, like maybe that’s why? Yeah, okay, makes sense,” said Dean in a rush, and Castiel sensed that he was also not saying what he really felt:
“So I think I’m gonna check it out,” said Sam airily. “I’ll call you when I get there, let you know the number.”
Once they made their way around the corner of the motel outbuilding on a side without windows, Cas turned to Dean.
He hurried away from the study, deep into the servants' quarters, where he took a seat in the warmth of their own little library.
"I think," Dean said, struggling with one of the most difficult requests of his life, "we should talk."
“So, I guess, was my brother Sam,” he continued. “We were raised in cages. Literally. They – there were other children there too. I used to tell them stories.”
The knowledge that the waterfall was there, pouring endless into the pool in the forest, lingered; the image was tattooed on his mind.
those billions of lives, born-lived-died, all in the blink of an angelic eye, all much the same to any angel, until the one remarkable creature that brought this one to rebellion –
“Hell yeah they will. But how do we stop ‘em? Organization’s never been a hunter skill. We ain’t got no army and no way to marshal one.”
he had never known such glory, and the fires stoked higher and higher, as he could feel Dean’s sheer
He had time enough now to consider whether they had really been saving the world, or damning the world to save each other.
and in this great whirl in which he saw them as the universe themselves in which he saw them as lovers in which he saw himself consumed by a star, relentless, undeniable;
because it was his most cherished of secret dreams, and he knew what happened to dreams if he were stupid enough to voice them.
“Uh. No,” she said. “But I see why you'd make that mistake. You should listen to your angel here, sweetheart.”
Please feel free to ask questions, and to participate, as much of our storytelling incorporates the audience into it. I would say that this was the type of storytelling we as humans have been doing longer than the written word, since time out of mind.
Castiel's behavior in this story is based entirely on his creaturehood, which is the primary reason I write any of these stories. Cas's monstrous nature is the most interesting thing about him to me, in relation to Dean, and therefore most of the stories I write will not follow regular human cultural mores (because Cas is inhuman). I am fascinated by questions like: what does it mean for a monster to love a human monster-hunter, is an angel a monster, what is a soul, monsters and class prejudice, etc.
“That’s my line, Sam, it’s a bad look on you. It’s just,” Dean really didn’t want to be having this conversation at all, but desperate times. “We’ve been, uh. Texting. A lot. And.”
The most notable thing about this particular palace was how different it appeared from the rest of the Shining City. It was immense, but it was somehow very –
Castiel stood in the diner parking lot with Balthasar, as Gabriel jogged over, and had more questions than answers.
"Well if I am sleeping in the bed and you are sleeping in the bed, then we are both sleeping in the bed, Dean."
that people with this type of power tend to abuse it, and with zero oversight, abuse it to a ridiculous degree.
didn’t make a lick of sense when he considered that Bobby had his own house and home base. Not every hunter was a drifter too.
Dean leapt out of bed, hurriedly pulling on jeans that had been discarded next to the bed, staring horrified at their smoking corpses.
"No. I'm not moving," Dean says, almost planting his feet further in the ground. The safety clicks off on the gun Uriel holds.
"Yeah, I'm sure it is." Dean says, jaw set, as he turns the key in the ignition. "Look. You won’t let me call. Whatever, but I'm driving to California to get to Sam first. If you want to try to stop me, that's fine. You know, I got no problem dying over this. I won't leave Sam to that. I won't."
A smile spreads on Dean's face, reaching from ear to ear, tears welling up in his eyes. He says something, but Castiel can't hear it.
Castiel takes a gulp of air as he opens his eyes again. He can feel something trigger in him as he looks into Dean's eyes. A new feeling, something that makes his skin crawl and the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. He feels his core heat up and his synthetic blood pressure rise. This reaction, it's so ... human. Castiel is desperate to leave the backseat of the Impala, to not be this close to Dean. When he opens his mouth something foreign and unplanned leaves it.
"Captain, they're altering course to Vulcan, but we've lost our forward and port shields. Everything else is down to thirty percent, we're venting plasma, and we're almost out of ammo. We just aren't causing enough damage and now we're stuck on impulse."
He blinks a few more times as he hears more sirens. He pushes past the thoughts ... the programming that tells him to tear that car door open. He keeps moving.
Before Dean finishes his sentence, Rufus pulls him into a hug. Rufus claps his back a few times and makes eye contact with Castiel. Castiel can see him searching as his eyes dart all over his face. Dean pulls back and cocks his head to the side.
“Dean, I can’t rebuild Sam … or you. If Ash fails to bring you back in time … " Dean reached for the Impala hatch. The hatch slowly flipped open as Dean sighed and looked to Cas.
"So you do have feelings for him." Sam leaned back in his chair. Dean looked down and gritted his teeth. He looked to Sam, who raised his eyebrows at him. Dean couldn’t hide from this one, not from Sam. Not this time, so, he gave in. He took a breath and mumbled.
Castiel peeks around the corner and sees Gadreel taking aim. Castiel hears sirens and for a split second, sees Gadreel look back down the street towards the sound.
He steps forward, next to Dean as Rufus presses the down button. The elevator is quiet as the lights flicker for a moment. Castiel looks back over his shoulder to Rufus, who isn't taking his eyes off of Castiel. Dean seems to be none the wiser, focused solely on his leg. Castiel slowly looks back forward as the doors scroll open. As they do, the florescent lights flicker to life. The cement hallway in front of them is so similar to the bunkers in the future. Theres a metal archway leading to a large room at the end of the hallway and heavy metal doors on either side of the hallway. Rufus pulls Dean towards one of the side doors and pushes it open. Castiel follows behind but stops short of the door. Looking into the side room he sees a fully stocked home made operation room. Theres shelves full of bandages and first aid kits and a few cots. Anything you could think of. Castiel watches Rufus help Dean up onto a bed. Castiel hears a click to his left, the dark room at the end of the hallway being the source of the sound. Castiel turns slowly and peers down. He moves towards the metal archway and starts to see the gleam of metal on the walls and the smell of gunpowder. He tries to run a scan but gets a garbled reading back.
"I remember and it is still illogical." Cas said, finally meeting Dean's gaze. For a moment they both froze locked in this light moment.
"Captain, we had this replicated just now." That's when Dean realized he was leaning on the edge of the bio-bed, almost falling off. Dean leaned back as Castiel let out a breath and went back to the hypospray shelf.
Cas got to his feet first and helped Dean up. They shared a long look as they moved to leave Castiel's quarters. Dean reached up to his badge.
"Captain. My brother - Castiel. Although I can speak with him telepathically, I can't truly sense what he's feeling because he's hidden that away. I ask you because you’re his closest friend and you were there. How is he?"
“Why do you always call him that? He’s a respected Starfleet officer and he has a name.” Dean said, trying to remain calm. Losing his cool again could result in more than just a broken nose.
"Listen, you go near my planet, or my crew again and you're a dead man. I may be Starfleet but that doesn't mean I won't beat you like you stole something you spineless -"
"Rufus. Stop." Dean's voice echoes into the room. He's leaning against the door frame, eyes focused on Rufus.
"Computer, remove the holo-shields outside Officer Castiel's living quarters - Authorization Code Winchester 0-5-Alpha-2-5-3." The computer beeped and the shield dissipated. Dean took tentative steps toward the quarters. The door had been forced open. Dean peered through the door. The stars outside the far window provided the only light.
“No, Dean, this is his endgame. He believes you both posses something special,” Dean winced at the word, “and he wants it. He will never stop, Dean. Not until he has been … terminated.”
"You're one of them aren't you." Rufus says. Castiel hears the click of a safety latch on the shotgun. "A Terminator."
“Hey, it's called growth, man. I’m learning.” Dean said leaning in for another kiss. Before their lips can meet they are interrupted by a cheer from the roadhouse. Everyone inside is glued to the windows as they cheer and yell towards the two men.
“I still don’t … Why are you here?” Dean says, taking a tentative step closer. Seeing Cas’ face again, after what happened the last time he saw it. It’s like seeing the sunrise for the first time after a long winter.
come back. You may not have survived during the Kobayashi Maru, but we have this crew behind us now. You’re acting like we’re already dead. We’re going to survive.” Sam finished, looking to Dean.
"Stop moving," Castiel says, pulling the tweezers back. Dean whips his head forward and pulls the towel out of his mouth.
"Ship’s files. The name of the ship was well hidden, but it is the duty of the Chief Medical officer to know family history. This is yours." Castiel said simply. Another moment of silence and stares passed. Dean spoke again, never looking away from Castiel.
"Oh, I can't do that. I'm not done playing with him yet. See you soon, Captain." The screen changed back to the Borg cube. Dean tried to remember the last time Cas spoke to him telepathically, and how long Cas might have been under Lucifers control. It had been hours. Sam broke the silence.
Dean reaches in his pocket and tosses over the box of bullets. Castiel looks in his lap and blinks. The red shells are like blood, like a pool of it gathering in front of him. He blinks again and loads the shotgun. He's done it a thousand times, but this time the familiar sound of plastic against metal and wood is gone, warbled. Instead, he just hears Dean's voice.
"I can take bullets, you can't." Castiel turns to peek around the corner. "He's only going to get closer, we have to make a break for it.”
"Arm the Photon Torpedoes. Aim for their weapons!" Dean yelled. The cube stopped just in front of the Argenteus. Kevin spoke.
Castiel slams back into the cage wall as he remembers the feeling of Dean's neck in his hands, how it feels to kill a human, how it feels to take care of one. Castiel blinks and for a moment and thinks he's back in the future because he's standing now, in a large open concrete room. Most of the room has turned to rubble. A voice rings out behind him, garbled and laced with static.
“So you convinced the crew, even though you thought you wouldn’t be coming back.” Sam stared at Dean. Dean looked away. Sam let out a breath and shook his head.
“You are avoiding a simple question. The human memory is sketchy at best, but I know you remember this.”
Castiel tightens a belt just above the bullet wound pulsating in Dean's thigh. Blood leaks out of the wound still, making everything slick and musty. Castiel rips the hole in Dean's pants wider, wide enough that the pant leg hangs loose below Dean's leg. Castiel digs in the Walgreen's bag to find a small black set of towels. He pulls them apart and rolls one up handing it to Dean.
“Jack let this one slide. Who takes you to heaven doesn’t matter, just that you get there. I’ll be taking Sam and Claire too when their time comes. Which thankfully won’t be for some time.”
"Dean, Dean, Dean. You talk so big for someone who has already lost. As we speak the very thing you are trying to avenge is already losing control."
Castiel flashes back to the present, still propped up against the metal cage, now feeling like lava is being poured down his neck. The heat is unbearable and is starting to heat the metal cage behind him.
"Now, We have some diagnostics to run before we get you on the shooting range," Uriel says, turning his back. Unit 13 turns to follow the orders easily and makes it almost past the glass doorway when he stops. He turns his head barely, just enough to see Dean still on the ground, one knee now pulled to his chest. He won't take his eyes off of Unit 13.
Dean looked from Cas to his uniform and ran a hand over the dark fabric. Something else occurred to him.
"Just, shut up" Dean grunts, bringing the vodka up to his mouth. Most of it spills over his chin and onto the ground but he still drinks, still leans the bottle up and back. "You don't even know what you're saying. You're not even supposed to ...  You're not supposed to be like this. It's cause I ... I messed you up Cas, just like I mess everything up."
"Good to hear." Sam said. He looked to Cas who now had his eyes trained on Dean. “Cas, you’ve gotta be the best doctor this side of the quadrant.”
"Dean." Castiel starts, trying to keep his voice low and quiet. "I wish I could tell you that it's all worth it. But I can't. What happens in the future is bleak and cold and a lot of people are going to die. A lot more will though if you don't buck up and grapple with your destiny."
The last time Castiel was in an elevator, he was holding Dean up, beaten and bloody after a chase. He was barely able to hold himself up, his blood dripping onto the floor.
Castiel looks at him, now with moonlight shining over half of Dean's face, the light illuminating the green in his eyes, and the light freckles on his face. A flash of an older Dean, in the same position, in a similar moonlight blinks into Castiel's memory.
“See you soon, Cas.” Dean closed his eyes and waited for the meld to end. He felt a hot breeze on him, something like a blanket snug around his shoulders and a sound like birds. He swore he was at a beach but when he opened his eyes, the sound cleared up and the birds were the beeps of the nearby computer and the hot breeze came from the man breathing into his neck. Cas’ arms were wrapped tightly around Dean.
“I’m not going to answer that question even if you ordered me. The Human language is limited in explaining the answer. You would not understand it.”
“Dean … It's bad.” Sam breathed closing his eyes. Dean looked over to see his brother half-slumped over the console, blood sputtering out of his leg.
He’d rather be here, draining the dregs with his lips on the same stretch of the mug’s rim that Cas’s touched moments ago. Then he sets it down, starts making the slow and agonizing decision of what to make for breakfast and narrating his thoughts aloud while Cas crosses to the coffee pot to refill their cup.
He recalled how she’d brought life back into Cas, twice and wholly unprompted. He recalled what Sam had said, about being rescued by someone like her. He recalled what Charlie had said about her being the last of her kind.
He dug his fingers into the line of Cas’s shoulders, shying away from direct skin contact. The other man loosened up under his ministrations, head lurching forward and hand dropping onto the desk with a dull thump. Dean’s eyes flicked downwards, following the movement.
Dean made his way to the magnetic cabinet and pried it open, pulling out a pouch of water. Cracking away the safety lock, he took a deep sip, swilling the water around in his mouth before swallowing.
Then Charlie had offered to go out into the pitch black. Rowena had nodded in support. The brothers had refused. They didn’t have a tie-breaker.
It wasn’t the hitman they’d heard on the wire. It also wasn’t Junior’s unknown lover, which Dean only knew for sure because it was Junior Styne himself.
His eyes—just his eyes, something about the digital-bright irises made it seem like they were doing it independent of the rest of him—gave Dean a quick but doubtless thorough once-over. “This way, please, Agent Winchester.”
Swallowing against the unidentifiable, emotional mass in his chest, he patted Cas’s arm, “Let’s go inside. I forced Sam to get pizza.”
Weirded out that she kept tabs on him like that and increasingly concerned about what exactly she was able to log and review, Dean asked, “Does it feel like there’s anything wrong?”
It sounded like the world was dying. His skin burned, his bones ached. The ship screamed impossibly loud.
It was still too dark for his human eyes, so he pressed his head back against the helmet, swallowing back his nausea. Behind him, he could hear the non-humans puttering around, powering down the barrier and giving the humans space. Sam was bent in half, his CommsBud dangling from on hand, helmet from the other. Almost reminiscent of hungover Sammy after his graduation party at Harvelle’s.
“It’s quite overwhelming to your kind, yes,” another voice interjected. “Welcome to Oziome, friends.”
. It wasn’t one of Cas’s favorites, but he was still excited for Jimmy, especially since Jimmy was getting to read the newest book at that very moment.
“Cas,” Dean whispered. The man said nothing. He cleared his throat, gently tracing the edge of the neckline, and continued, “I like the brunette look too.”
“Dude, you were out!” Sam was chortling, space suit half undone and hitched at his waist. Dean had a strong impulse to tell him to zip up before he snagged himself on some hook or wire. His head poked back out of Dean’s pod for a moment and he called down the hallway, “He’s up, Cas.”
Dean himself had never been fucked over a dozen times in a row, but fuck if he and his dick weren’t having a hell of a time imagining it as the man on the table in front of them took eleven men in the time they stood there watching. The stamina alone—just being a spectator had Dean stiff enough for long enough that things were starting to chafe. They’d stopped using the guy’s mouth early on in things, just kept lining up to take his ass, and he took advantage of that freedom to moan and swear and challenge them to fuck him harder. No one involved had been slouching in the first place, but that didn’t stop him from yelling it or the tops from doubling down in response.
She went over to the bed and hugged him around the shoulders, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “You got it. Brace yourself for the invasion.”
She’s dressed for the occasion. Not dressed up. It’s not a costume, it’s work clothes—she grew up on a ranch, still goes out to help her parents during calving season. She looks like she belongs, which brings Cas to the very belated realization that when he was expressing concerns about the sorts of people who would be at the event, he wasn’t just insulting anonymous strangers who never needed to know or care about his opinion. These are her people. He forgets sometimes, because when he met her she already lived in the city and seemed so at home there, but they are. He was insulting them; he was insulting and demeaning her, by extension.
Castiel considered that as Dean took the turns out of their neighborhood at double the posted limit. “We’ll probably need to leave Chicago,” he said at last. “This might be enough to bring down the Stynes, maybe Adler will turn and give them other connections, but none of it’s going to happen before every mobster in Chicago finds out who we are and nothing’s going to get all of them out of the game. Someone’s going to make an example of us, they’ll have to.”
In a couple of days, Claire and Kaia would be heading off to Palo Alto. Dean, Cas and even Jack had been emphatically banned from accompanying them.
No matter how gently he rolled Baby into her designated spot, he couldn’t avoid waking Cas. The dozing man started as the engine cut out. Dean watched him watch the house, wondering what was going on in his head. Beyond the obvious, which Dean guessed was a litany of increasingly dire scenarios involving his children.
Dean grinned at the bubbly lady skipping towards them. He jumped off the airlock, feet landing on soft, Oziomei soil. A cloud of bright yellow dust wafted up from under his feet.
His tenure at NEI was probably over, seeing as he’d assaulted his partner less than twenty-four hours into the new job. The reasons behind it wouldn’t matter, not when no one on the team knew him, no one would understand or back him. At least Kansas would probably take him back, as long as he didn’t get himself killed or arrested. They were always hurting for guides. He’d hate going back and would get all kinds of shit from everyone in the barracks for not being able to hack his dream job, but at least it would be good work.
“That’s because you two eloped,” Kaia pointed out dryly. Claire’s in love with this girl, did you know?
Still, the decent thing to do was to crack open some liquor and bitch about the dumber half of the crew with her. Dean went off to do just that.
He sighed. Placed a loud, chaste kiss on Cas’s temple and said, “Ain’t no thang, angel.” Then pointed at Bobby, cutting off any smartass comments, “Idjit.”
“Damn, brother. You’ve got balls of steel and they’re gonna be down to your knees before you ever get outta here. You’ll probably even break Ol’ Man Turner’s record, and I’m pretty sure they stuck him down here before phones were even invented.” He stood and wandered to the far side of the desk to offer Dean his hand. “Benny Lafitte. Formerly of Homicide, for my sins.”
“And this is the mission commander, our buddy Castiel,” Sam was saying, looking like he was the only thing keeping the shorter man from sprinting back to the ship till the crew found their way to it. It was kind of adorable, in a hilarious sort of way. “Cas . . . Charlie. Queen of the People.”
When he lands on his feet, everyone in the crowd jumps to theirs. Cas is among them before he even realizes, caught up in the fervor and also not wanting to lose his view of Dean. Dean waves his acknowledgement and appreciation to the stands as a trio in heavy padding corrals Larry to a different gate; now that he’s more or less standing still, Cas can finally see the details of his hat. The brim is blue, the crown pink, and a purple ribbon wraps around the base where the two meet. It could be coincidence, but he doubts it: the particular shades and placements are very specific.
They spent a while longer getting settled, hearing about the camp’s safety rules, and meeting the other occupants of the cabin. Then their counselor, Garth, led them to the dining hall.
“Thought I’d get to know the dear Commander a little better. Since you didn’t seem up for the job,” she continued airily.
He swallowed against the thick silence, broken only by Dean’s harsh breaths and Cas’s infinitesimally softer ones. "Cas . . ." his voice hitched and he broke off.
“No way!” Jimmy clapped a hand over his mouth, chagrined at his overly loud excitement, but as soon as he’d gotten under control he leaned closer and said, “Seriously, though? Carver Edlund is my absolute favorite author. I have all his books! Well, not the new one,
Lafitte and Turner looked pointedly at Ghost, who shrugged and resumed collecting his fancy toothpicks. “I want to bring down the Outfit and I think this is how we’ll get them. It’s exactly where I want to be.”
He hadn’t thought Novak did, either, until the night before. Until Novak had not just seemed like the kind of guy who could fuck Dean rough the way he liked it; he’d actually done it. It was almost impossible for Dean to think of anything else with Novak standing right next to him, much less focus on the intricacies of his act.
Cas paced the length of the cell they’d all been thrown into. Dean was getting vertigo, but he was also kind of scared of him in that moment and his ribs were more of a problem anyway. Like, a much bigger problem. Being tackled by giant invisible dogs had been the straw that had broken the camel’s back, so to speak. Or the human’s ribs, if they had to be technical about it.
While Cas didn’t share in the denial, since it was clearly happening, he agreed with the sentiment behind it. Looking across the table felt like looking into a cursed mirror from his dad’s third novel. Not Chuck’s finest in terms of plot, but very successful in its descriptions of the visceral horror victims felt as their reflections started to move independently. The reflections eventually broke free from the mirrors and brutally murdered their creators in order to take over their lives, then spent years building the same curse into new mirrors by staring into them every day.
“Are you insane? I’m not leaving you alone when they wake up or someone comes looking for them. We’re both leaving.”
“We never wanted to hurt anyone,” Cas said, then shook his head and looked down at the floor, at his bare feet halfway between the carpet of Jimmy’s room and the pale wood of the hallway floor. The time had come for honesty, and that meant with himself, too.
!” and squeezed the life out of her. Well, almost. Then he turned to Kaia and proceeded to hug the shit out of her too.
While the two of them together struggle to keep the supernaturally heavy machine from crushing their insides, Cas steps up with an iron fire poker—standard issue from the false bottom of the Impala’s trunk—and drives it through the game’s glass-topped cabinet. Everything shatters at once: the glass, the plastic and metal, the weight bearing down on him and Sam, every single light in the place.
Just like that, it’s over. The twister of ghosts is gone and the arcade is silent. Sam realizes before he does, and gets the cracked remnants of the machine shoved off them before he's recovered. Then Cas is there, helping him to his feet, patting him down for more-than-acceptable injuries.
That line of thinking did pretty effectively kill his inconvenient boner, though. It also pushed his irritation far enough over the top that he decided to risk Novak’s wrath for the sake of arguing better operational efficiency. Novak had already put Dean close enough to talk without being obvious what it was about, but he took advantage and turned, just barely, but it was enough to put his mouth right at Novak’s cheek. Intimate distance, maybe even enough to pass for a kiss at a glance.
Dean watched him from the corner of his eye as he let his head rest back against the helmet again. On his other side, fiddling to get a clearer signal, Sam quirked an eyebrow at Dean before following the Commander’s lead.
Since there seemed to be absolutely no chance that Cas would get over himself and tell Dean anything helpful, he’d just have to make opportunities for himself to find out. He drank a second cup still standing by the kettle, hoping it would trouble Cas just like it had troubled Miranda. The roof of his mouth on fire but his nerves starting to wake up properly, he refilled his coffee for the road and grabbed some kind of mostly stale roll from the nearby basket. He didn’t bother to check what kind of spreadable flavored oil they had, since they all tasted like the same nothingness, and he hated the greasy feeling they left on his tongue. At least the lingering fat from meat had a good flavor to it—real meat, not the various substitutes that were all his family could afford growing up and that Sam hated. The residue from oil spreads tasted like the smell that still clung to the long-drained oil fields of central Kansas.
Dean’s eyes strayed back to his face. Underneath the easy mien, he could see the clouds of uncertainty and nervousness. The discomfort about doing this so publicly. Just because it was important to Dean. “Yeah. Yeah, I will.”
“And get yourself killed, then me too when they see me through a window? Not happening. Okay. Here’s what we’re gonna do. You’re gonna go play host. I’m gonna stay in here and play busy housewife. Don’t eat the soup.”
“I’ve heard they have a nice show set up at a joint called the Eagle, so try selling one of the paintings there.”
“Or the strength,” she responded simply. And coming from her, it wasn’t even a jibe. Dean scowled anyway. Then his eyes adjusted to the weird lighting and he gasped.
Junior leaned in, trying to loom without much success but coming across plenty unhinged anyway. “I’m a very important man from a very important family. And I got buddies who are very prone to violence and like keeping me happy. So I suggest you put your fucking twink over your knee and spank him before I decide I wanna do it myself. You get me, pal?”
The man stopped and looked back at Dean, his cybernetic eyes bright as they flashed over Dean again. Were they scanning him, checking his vitals, analyzing him for minute reactions? The rest of the man’s face gave nothing away. “Yes,” he said, then resumed walking.
But to be fair, the man hadn’t left a forwarding address. How the fuck was Dean supposed to tell him about quitting?
Trouble was, it wasn’t always possible to bring a sentinel back from the aesthecosm. Sometimes they were too far gone, already suffering brain damage or just unwilling to return to a world that could hurt them just by existing—by making them exist in it. The perfect neutrality of the aesthecosm had too strong an appeal. Dean had barely been able to pull his brother out of it once when they were kids; hadn’t been able to talk him out of turning to drugs and the cyberscape for the same kind of escape. Although Sam had technically been killed by the brain damage, by his black market neurolink burning his synapses to ash, Dean blamed his death on sentinel overload—and on the neurolink that had allowed him to override his senses when he was connected in, finally giving him the escape he always wanted.
He’d never had a sentinel straight-up pretend he didn’t exist; it was as childish as it was baffling.
Halfway down the dairy aisle he spotted Junior. Just his fucking luck. And even more his luck, Junior spotted him back before he could pull his wobbly-wheeled cart into a u-turn. “Dean! Not that I mind running into you, because damn you do look good today, but Jimmy said you’d be working.”
She complied. Cas snapped the door shut and darted to the bed in one breath, pinning Dean down with strong limbs. Dean arched up, trying to get a taste of skin.
She’s already walking away by the time Cas turns around and sees Dean standing right there, in the narrow aisle between their seats and the railing of the pen where a new bull is moodily waiting for a new rider. His hat is tipped up on one finger, like an informal salute acknowledging Meg’s warning, but he keeps the pose as his eyes meet Cas’s again.
Predictably, she continued on without his input. “Six months. Any thoughts about that timeline, Castiel?”
“Shut the fuck up, Gabriel,” he growled. He needed some fucking coffee. And the safe wasn’t fucking cooperating. Gabriel had realized just how much of a bad idea badgering him would be, so he’d shut up. Mercifully.
“Make sure to heed any changes in direction, boys. There may be suspended particles you do not want to collide with,” Rowena called over the CommsBud.
!” Cas shouted. Before Dean could blink, the man was out of his arms and crossing the distance to the bars. Dean waved Sam over. He could see Cas’s fingers shaking as they tried to hack into the digital lock.
Dean could hear raised voices before they reached the turn that brought the team into view. The man must’ve heard it before then, but he didn’t look surprised or concerned—for whatever that was worth. Once Dean could see the people involved and make out some of the words, it made sense; the redheaded woman was yelling something about variable power sources and a man whose shaggy mullet and half-shaved scruff couldn’t possibly fit under NEI’s dress code was brandishing some sort of three-branched cable at her and extolling its virtues. They were messing around, light-hearted and friendly, and Dean relaxed at it. Between that easy camaraderie and the momentary flash of humor from his cyborg companion, he was starting to feel hopeful that he’d fit on his new team.
Stalking wordlessly past Dean, Cas slammed himself into the passenger seat more like a petulant child than a half-robot NEI agent and didn’t answer.
“Keep your mouth shut even if you do see something,” Novak said after a pause long enough that Dean was getting ready to give it up as a lost cause. “Unless someone’s going to be shot within ten seconds, I don’t want you doing anything someone could notice. And don’t think I won’t be looking out, too. You let them slip out or try to pull anything and I will make your entire life hell. Do you understand?”
If he was going to have to go in blindly, he figured he could at least start with the easiest option and hope that didn’t mean walking into an unmarked women’s restroom or something; not that it was likely to see any use down there. Easily juggling his box in one arm, he tried the handle of the closest door and found it locked. So was the door to the left.
Going through Castiel’s house, on the other hand, was an adventure in surrealism and self-discipline. If he’d had the time and distance from the situation, poking around Castiel’s stuff would’ve been a dream come true. Hell, two days ago when he was planning how to take the man down and fight his way into good standing with the wire unit, Dean might’ve paid actual money for the opportunity. As it was, he was too sure that anything out of the ordinary he found would make him more interested in Castiel, not less, and he didn’t need to risk that.
He’d been such an idiot to agree to this plan in the first place, and even more of an idiot with each hour he hadn’t called a halt to it. By the end of the day, he would claim his title as the biggest dumbass alive and Jimmy would owe him so many favors. Maybe he could use some of them to find a way to convince Dean to ever talk to him again.
Covertly, he signalled the DJ. Cas screwed his face up thoughtfully, as though actively analyzing the song. Then he pouted, “This is a heartbreak song.”
He'd missed thisꟷ this casually tactile aspect of their . . . friendship. The more he reminisced about the good ol' days, the higher the pile of unresolved issues got.
Though he hadn’t meant to start saying it, he found it impossible to stop once he had. There were too many feelings hitting him all at once and the easiest one to cling to was anger. “Did you think it was fun, having this little secret as part of the present? That you know who really signed this book but never planned to tell? Have you and Dad been talking to each other this whole time?”
Charlie excused herself, and then there were three. It took him a couple of fingers to try again, “Cas.” He barreled on before the man could interrupt, “It’s okay.” Cas’s mouth snapped closed. “Done worse shit for
Since he’d already introduced himself and not answering questions seemed to be a thing with the guy, when Dean shook his hand, he didn’t bother to repeat it.
He made no move to leave. Just stood there, watching Castiel’s eyes go wide in alarm. His lips parted but nothing came out. Dean nodded to himself in an almost resigned manner, “Yeah, I thought so.” He sighed tiredly, backing towards the door. “What were you thinking?”
Wedging her way through the door, Jody handed off the package she was carrying to Mary, then used both hands to lightly cuff Dean and Sam on the backs of their heads at the same time. To Cas, she said, “I hope you wanted endless bickering for your birthday, because like it or not that’s what you’re getting.”
“That, and these Oziomei can’t wait to rid their planet of me. The ways of my kind intimidate them to no end,” Rowena interjected, following it up with a low, tutting sound. “Which is fine by me, of course. These beings are so . . . benign.”
He kept telling himself that he wasn’t going die. He also kept not believing himself. That was normal for Dean on a plane, the very few times he’d had reason to be in one. The absolutely worst part was that the whole time he could hear Cas’s voice in his head, cold and hard, accusing him of being a glorified babysitter who wasn’t up for the real job.
Dean hummed. That was a good idea. He pried them open. Wow, that took way more effort than it usually did. But he was glad he did because there was a
Cas at least waited until Linda left before questioning Dean. “This isn’t a secure location to connect from, not to mention that we still don’t know the circumstances of Kevin’s disappearance. We should make the attempt from the barracks, where we can be sure of the firewall.”
Castiel Vestal Virgin Shurley, if you’re jerking off to that lasagna right now I’m going to permanently replace you with your better twin.
It was the deepest, most abrupt total zone Dean had ever seen. Cas wasn’t reacting to his surroundings at all, didn’t so much as twitch when Dean pressed the palm of his hand to the bare skin of Cas’s throat. If even his strongest sense wasn’t reaching him, he was in trouble. Trying to limit his senses again didn’t do any good, either, because he wasn’t processing sensory input from reality anymore: he was lost in the aesthecosm. Dean couldn’t just pull him out like he had the kid in Michigan. He had to go in after him.
Early mornings, shuffling across the floor in worn slippers and a dead man’s threadbare robe to claim the cup of coffee that’s already waiting for him, he drops a kiss on the back of Cas’s neck as he passes. “Thanks, darling,” he says, or, “Morning, darling,” or, “Sleep well, darling?”
His happy hum was accompanied by a noise of complaint against a cold nose being shoved against a spine. Dean kissed him in apology, hand cascading down Cas’s flank to lull him back to sleep.
And all of that so that Dean and the rest of Investigations, but more importantly the privileged and sequestered politicos running the country, could walk around freely. He didn’t even have to wear anti-scanning bands to keep his chips from being cloned.
The man was huge. Which, yeah, he knew how to deal with that. Size really did not matter (except when it did).
Before he really knew he was doing it, Dean’s legs had gone the way of his eyes and he trailed the man over to the desk to look at the tiny furniture more closely.
“I love you, Dean,” he leaned forward and captured Dean’s lips in a bruising kiss. “I should’ve said it before. I had so many chances,
“Don’t go to sleep,” Dean warned, reaching into a wall cabinet to get the Kleenex. By the time he’d liberated one, he could hear soft snores. Asshole.
, Sam. Who fucking knows how long that is where they are? And you want me to, what, jump around in zero gravity until I get my space legs back?”
Still a little shaky from the electrocution, he was a little slow to bring up the blade. It didn’t slice clean through a neck as he’d calculated. Instead, it wedged into a solid form, drawing a a mournful whine. Grunting, Dean yanked it away, jumping to the side at the low growl at his back.
“Yeah, yeah.” Chuck ducked his head with a wry smile. “If I need anything, I’ll call Mrs. Mosely. You go have fun and be a kid or whatever.”
having a rough one. Week, month, day, take your pick. Dean reached into the mini-fridge Bobby had put into the shop for them and grabbed a beer and a water, tossing the latter to Benny in lieu of an olive branch.
Okay, so their knockoff comms weren’t top of the line this time around. Not like a rescue was entirely feasible anyway, in the event things went sideways. Cas had a hunch about where the space-traffickers (Dean had lost two-to-one in the vote to call them ‘spirates’) had the kids. But as with all hunches, it was just that. a hunch, and no evidence trail.
It was a tight fit, but at least he still had Cas pressed to his chest—for all the good that did. The sentinel thrashed in his arms, but when Dean let go and rolled him on his back to check for responsiveness, he was still spaced out. It didn’t seem like he’d been trying to get away from Dean at all; his movements didn’t stop even when Dean wasn’t clinging to him anymore.
Even before his forcible attachment to it, he’d learned better. The wiretap unit existed solely as a punitive measure. It was where they collected the fuck-ups they couldn’t or for some reason didn’t want to fire. The big question was, were the guys there now fuck-ups because they were shitty cops? Or were they Dean’s kind of fuck-up?
“What, you sensing a disturbance in the Force?” he demanded, playfully shuffling closer till he could straddle Cas’s lap, forcing him to lean back against the wall.
“I’ll be honest,” the other boy said, looking at Balthazar, “when you got really excited about how I looked just like your friend, I kinda just assumed you were a melodramatic nutcase.”
He aimed the gun in the general direction of the voice. “Hey man,” he started. “Yeah, we got a little turned around. Heading back now.”
For all that Cas pointedly ignored Dean on their four-hour flight, he didn’t need to be a guide to read the condescending judgment rolling off the man. Or a sentinel to see his exasperated scowl curve deeper and deeper every time Dean’s fingers clenched tighter around the armrests, as though Dean’s discomfort was making Cas suffer, too. That was just fine with Dean. In fact, he would’ve amped up his stress responses just to irritate the sentinel’s senses if he weren’t already riding the edge of panic—but he was, and holding that in was already all he could do.
No sooner had he regained his equilibrium than he lost it again, because he looked to see what started the fuss and there was Cas. He stood in front of the fleeing man, expression exactly as grave as it had been when Dean had last seen him. Unlike the last time Dean had seen him, or any of the times before that, giant wings flared out to either side of his body. Their construction reminded Dean—as he stared, dumbfounded—of Cas’s eyes: light metal formed the structure, which in the wings’ case comprised a chevron-shaped arch forming the top of each, but what really stood out were the parts made of bright, eerie blue light. Cas’s pupils. The vertical bars of energy propulsion blades that extended from the metal and filled out a shape like a bird’s wing.
, he wanted to promise. Pavlovian. “Cas, I don’t even know where you live,” he said instead. Rolling his eyes heavenward, he mutters, “You don’t call, you don’t write . . .”
If Cas had ever felt more like an asshole in his life, he didn’t remember it. Dean had barely had a second to breathe after opening up to what he thought was his stepbrother about feeling comfortable in a special place, then Cas went and ruined it.
Chuck tugged him into one last hug. “I’m so proud of you,” he whispered fiercely into Cas’s hair. “I know I’m the world’s worst dad—no, it’s okay, I am,” he insisted when Cas tried to protest. “I’ve put you through so much and I’m never going to stop trying to be better. So go, have a great time, don’t worry about me. I can be a responsible adult for a little while.”
“Yeah. I’m in this kinetic suspension stuff, a whole vat of it back in Oregon. Ash’s buddy has been working on it, I wasn’t sure if it would work.”
He shamelessly groped Cas as the other man spilled inside him, screaming into his lips. Then his breath punched out of him as Cas collapsed, boneless, on top of him. Complaining, he turned, dropping the other man onto the bed beside himself. Head resting on Cas’s heaving chest, he traced his fingers up and down the dip over his sternum.
At the time, Dean had been humbled and touched. Now, he was stuck in command of his first ship in a new and unusual, definitely hostile galaxy. He was terrified.
“Castiel, I know we never quite trusted each other fully, but I do wish to let you know you’ve been a source of strength and inspiration to me.” Cas took his hands away, shooting Dean an emotional look. Dean reached out and squeezed his hand. “And numerous sexual fantasies, though you share that honor with your dashing lover.”
“The ship models, of course,” Rowena supplied, talking slowly. “You don’t know . . .” she looked around at their blank faces. “Oh. Oh, dearies. How do you humans even
As the boys scattered, Cas looked to Balthazar, expecting him to take charge in determining a table for both of them. But Balthazar said, “I have to piss. Grab us a couple spots and I’ll find you. Oh, don’t wobble those panicked baby blues at me, you’ll be fine. If anyone tries to take my seat, just give them that other look you do. The one that makes you look murderous instead of pathetic. There you go, that’s it!”
"Dean, you must refrain from speaking. Please." Cas urged as they made it back to the shuttle. Cas struggled a bit, but managed to open the door and pull Dean inside. He laid Dean down on a cot and reached into the nearby med kit. He pulled out a hypospray that would help Dean with the pain and knock him out until Cas could get the shuttle back to the Argeneus. Cas leaned over Dean and reached for his neck. Dean felt the whoosh of the hypospray and in his last moments of conciousness he reached up to Cas’s lab coat and pulled until Cas’s ear was near his lip’s.
"Enough!" Uriel yells. He looks back towards the glass wall and motions for the other Terminators.  "Take Unit 13 out of here and finish the job. Now." It takes only a few seconds for them to obey, Gadreel and Azazel moving without question. Gadreel goes for the gun and easily yanks it out of Castiel's hand.
never forget the way he felt watching Cas’s shuttle leave, and how drunk he got that night. That’s when Dean called Sam and long story short, convinced him to join Starfleet. Dean still apologizes to Sam about that almost every day, saying it was selfish and stupid, but Sam knew Dean would have
Lights blinked while rapid fingers swiped over silver consoles. The engines hummed while the warp core ebbed and flowed, keeping the ship steady above a small planet called Zetar. The decks were quiet and the mess hall was empty, save for pots stewing with replicated soup. The officers of the USS Argenteus were worried. The Chief Medical Officer, Castiel, had been sent on an away mission with an ensign. It was a simple mission to collect pollen samples that would have taken an hour, except they had been gone for three hours. Dean paced in his ready room as his second in Command and brother, Sam, leaned back on Dean’s desk and tried to calm him down.
“Keep shooting!” Castiel yells. Dean's eyes focus too much on the metallic craters but he lets off another shot into Gadreel's chest. Castiel can hear the metallic clang and smell the gunpowder but he knows Gadreel is not budging. It’s going to take more to bring him down.
- If he could say those words without attaching a job to them, maybe Cas would listen. Cas finally looked up and leaned forward, pleading.
"Isn't the Borg mission basically the same thing?" Dean said, sounding too much like his father. Sam stepped in and spoke.
Dean's right. He shouldn't feel. Anything. Period. But, after all, he does have the fastest learning computer in history. Could he learn to care, to show devotion, to love ...
"Dad wanted me and Sammy to go, take up the mantle I guess. I barely got through basic. Didn't like the sergeants but I liked the ... the loyalty. You know your team ... FUCK!"
Castiel is frozen before the last words Dean says even reaches his ears. The singing voice coming from the radio is just a vibration, translating itself at a snail's pace as Castiel rolls over Dean's voice again and again.
"Hey, Rufus. It's Dean. Dean Winchester. I uh ... We need help." Dean says, leaning towards the speaker.
“Cas.” Dean spit out, making Sam turn around in his chair. Dean looked up and huffed a breath of air out. “It worked, Sam it worked.” Sam smiled and turned back to the console.
The silence while Castiel makes a can of beans lasts until they're done. Dean sets the vodka bottle down and lifts his hands to his temples. After a few circles made with his fingers, he lifts his head and looks to Castiel. He watches him pour the beans in a small bowl.
"Well, you heard her. We go after Lucifer. Sam you have the bridge. Damage his cube as much as possible, but don't destroy it until Cas is safe. Use everything we've got. Keep working on the engines. We need top speed in case Lucifer decides to tuck tail and run. I'll get Cas." Dean said. He jogged to the turbo lift and stepped inside. He knew he probably was the only one who could get through to Cas but how. What the hell would stop a Vulcan on a mindless rampage? Dean could try knocking him out, but if half the security team couldn’t do it, he probably couldn’t either. He stepped out of the turbo lift and sprinted to Castiel's quarters. Just before the turn, he spotted Ellen, and several wounded security Officers.
He hears the rubble move again and looks to the window he jumped through. He stays silent as he makes his way to it and pulls himself over the window sill. He turns back to Dean and waits. Dean’s gaze moves to the pile of rubble. When Dean doesn't make a move to leave, Castiel yells.
He aims and lets off two shots at Gadreel. One nicks his ankle while the other hit his arm. Gadreel slows to a jog now, not able or not willing to keep up with the vehicle. Castiel knows the civilians, like that woman, leaving their homes for work, seeing a 6' tall naked man running down the street is going to draw too much attention for a Terminator. Castiel leans back in.
Gadreel lifts Castiel up so his feet no longer touch the ground. Gadreel lifts his head to look at Castiel's.
“Reroute everything except the engine to shields. Everything, even life support, we won’t need it much longer either way.”
Dean took a breath as he sprinted for the turbolift. By the time he got to the bridge, he figured about three more torpedoes had hit. Dean dashed out of the turbolift to a dim bridge. Smoke was seeping out of a console, and the red alert lights flashed and cast an eerie light on the frazzled crew. Sam was shouting orders as another torpedo blasted against the port nacelle.
Almost on cue, a nurse walked up to Dean, captain's uniform in hand. She glanced from Cas to Dean and moved to lay the uniform next to Dean.
"Dean help me. I can’t-”. Cas said finally stepping into the starlight. His blue eyes shined with fear and fury as he sat on the purple couch in front of the window.
"Rufus! I need tools." Dean shouts over his shoulder. Castiel can't even sense Rufus in the room. "Hey!" Dean yells turning his head fully to face the other direction. Castiel hears metal shuffle against skin. Rufus must've put his gun down. "I may have a dead leg right now but don't think I won't kick your ass if you don't help me, old man. I don't care if you're retired, I'll do it." Dean yells now pulling Castiel forward into the infirmary.
Time stops. It feels like seconds last centuries as Castiel sees Gadreels trigger finger move. Dean tries to budge, tries to run but he can barely lift himself up off the ground. He's standing now but he can't move more than that before Gadreel grabs his collar to pin him there. Azazel pulls back on Castiel but he pulls harder, twisting his arms to break free. He hears a crack in his own arm but ignores the shooting pain from it. He lunges for the gun, and just as he's able to grab it, Gadreel fires.
Dean snaps back to Castiel, gulps down a breath of air, and moves to pick up his keys and another case of shotgun shells. Dean takes a last look at his shop and groans as he hoists himself out of the window.
"Nice shot!" Dean laughs as he slaps the steering wheel. "You nailed the son of a bitch." Castiel leans back into the Impala.
"Dean, I wish I could tell you, but truth be told ... I can't remember a lot of it. Something happened." He stops. Castiel blinks and the countdown rings in his head. "A malfunction. My memory chip was damaged and it's trying to repair itself. Memories come back in pieces here and there."
Dean dropped his mug and sprinted to the door, but before he could get through, the object, a photon torpedo, blasted against the side of the ship. The ship shook as Dean's door slid open. His crew was frantic as he ran to the Captain's chair.
"You know, Cas, I've never seen you take someone down like that before. I've known you for years and I've never seen you do anything like that." Dean said, trying hard to not think about the way Cas moved on the moon and the way it made his heart race. Cas tilted his head as he pressed a few buttons on the tricorder.
"Dean, we're getting reports that Cas has lost it. He's going berserk, half of the security team is unconscious. Ellen's activated the holo shields near his quarters, but he's still trying to get out."
“This is the Lieutenant Fitz of the U.S.S Argenteus to the shuttle craft Impala do you read me, Captain?”
Instinctively, Sam reaches for his knife as he whips his head around, still supporting Dean with his other half. Standing there, he sees Castiel. Sams eyes and mouth open wide.
“He’s slowed down, for now. He'll find another way to get to you, he'll find a way to blend in. We have some time, at least.” Castiel says.
“I have this, you son of a bitch.” He growled, and fired the phaser sending Lucifer back a few feet before disintegrating him from Castiel's mind. The library fell silent save for slow footsteps. Dean turned his head to see Cas, still weak from the phaser trick, but standing. The meld started to break and the library around them began to cloud up. Dean smiled a crooked smile and closed the distance between them. He reached out and pulled Cas into a hug.
"I don't know what you expect me to do, Dean," Castiel replies, shaking his head. "I don't sleep. It's safer for me to keep watch." Castiel's voice prickles just a bit.
“We’ll have to use your vehicle for now and then find another one. Gadreel will have scanned this one already. He’ll know it’s yours.” Castiel says while walking to the Impala.
“Not if everyone works together, and even if I go out we take the Borg bastards with us!” Dean said running a hand over his neck.
Dean pushed and tugged on the door, but it wouldn't budge. He took a few steps back and tried to kick the door a few times. He heard another scream just as he landed the kick that blew the door open. The hall in front of Dean was pitch black, save for a white light coming from behind an open door at the end of the hall. Dean could hear whispers coming from the dark, and he could swear he felt hands on him tugging at him from every angle. Still he stepped forward, towards the light. As he got closer he could hear a voice, a desperate voice that was in pain.
"Like I said Dean, I'm just trying to protect you. I don't want to hurt you." Castiel lifts his head and turns it slowly "I will never ... hurt you." Castiel's voice sounds like a warm hum, in the end, vibrating over to Dean who looks back at him, mouth open. He closes his mouth, almost as if to form a word but nothing leaves his lips. Dean and Castiel stare into each other for what feels like an eternity. The sound of an engine knocking in the gas pump behind them jolts Dean and forces him to glance away, looking to the rearview mirror.
"Dean. You have to understand something ... " Castiel steps forward, lifting his hands in front of himself. "Terminators ... " Castiel pauses, "Our main directive in any situation like this is to find the target's weakness and exploit it. Lure them in by any means necessary. Your brother will be compromised and used as bait."
The two men land against a car parked in front of the Impala. Castiel stands and turns his back to Gadreel.
He turns back to a window looking into the garage and sees Dean walking into the shop. That walk is so familiar to Castiel like he’s seen it every day of his life. He focuses on the way Dean sways with ease until his ocular sensors sweep past a window on the opposite side of the garage. That’s when he sees it.
Castiel blinks again as the memory fades. He looks at Dean sitting in the motel room bed. His eyes scan over Dean’s face over the way his eyes squint against the moonlight, and the way his nose wrinkles. He’s so different and so much the same.
“Come on now, Lucifer, I wouldn’t kick you when we’re down. Besides, I know what’s at stake here. Two lives for billions. Our transporters are down, so Sam and I will take a shuttle and deliver ourselves to you. Then you leave the alpha quadrant and never come back.” Dean said. Lucifer tilted his head as a grin spread across his face.
Dean looked to Cas who looked back at Dean with sad eyes. He knew that all Cas wanted was the truth. Cas voice sounded in Dean's head.
“Sam, this is why I didn’t want you to come with me. I knew I wouldn’t make it, but you? There’s still time for you to go back without Lucifer notifcing. Get into an escape-“ Dean said gesturing to the back of the shuttle.
"I have my mission," Gadreel says, his voice low and controlled. "Do not speak a name that does not exist. That was always your mistake Unit 13. Your fatal human error."
“Captain, there's an incoming message for you from Admiral Winchester. He wants you to see him at Starfleet Command when you have a moment.”
“Does she have your awesome sense of humor?” Dean said, grinning as he fell into stride with Cas. Cas side eyed him for a moment and scoffed.
"You're not gonna stop me?" Dean says squinting his eyes. Castiel shakes his head back and forth. He watches the way Dean gulps down air, the way his muscles in his neck tighten, how they tightened against his hands when he was first booted up. He looks back to his hands, now curling into tight fists. His programming works overtime to correct, reroute, to dig deep into his base.
"She died because of me." Dean said, as he looked up to stare at the large screen. Cas shook his head and touched a few buttons on the console, shutting down the screen, leaving it blank. No distractions. Cas turned back to Dean and crossed his arms. Dean hung his head and rubbed a hand across his neck. He turned around and leaned back on the console.
"Can't ever be too careful, kid." Rufus says with a drawl as he makes his way across the room to Dean. He claps a hand on his shoulder. "Sorry I ain't been able to make it out since the funeral, son."
"It means that..." Castiel looks to Dean. The pained look on Dean's face holds steady. "It means that I'm sorry."
As Castiel crosses into the large room he sees walls lined ceiling to floor with weapons. Military grade rifles, machine guns, hand guns. It's all there locked behind steel cage walls.
The whispers in Dean's head came back. Now that it was clear as day, and Dean knew what it meant, it was harder to push away.
“Not so fast Dean. See I want to make sure my offer has been turned down. I could make you forget … I could make you forget about your mother. I know you think you got over that, but that anger is still there. It always will be. I could make you forget the anger and all the bad you’ve seen. As a Borg? You wouldn’t feel anything. Wouldn’t that be nice? Forget that everyone you love will die. How do think you'd feel once Sam or Cas died. You'd probably want to throw yourself out an airlock. Who can blame you, losing someone like that, feeling helpless to save the one thing you care about in this universe? Oh, but you already know what that feels like, don't you?" Dean stared him down.
"I’m very sorry … I never meant to harm anyone, I didn't even want to go. Our captain was a tyrant, he ordered us to slaughter everyone on the ship. It … I didn't mean for it to happen."
“No, Dean. You’re my brother and my captain, and I will follow you into battle, but those people back there? They’re waiting for us to come back, and we
Castiel throws himself into the front seat and turns the key in the ignition. Bullets fly towards the Impala. A few land with thuds on the front hood before Castiel reverses and turns down the road. He slams on the gas and starts looking for pharmacies, grocery stores, anything that'll have first aid. He scans for long enough that he doesn't hear movement in the backseat.
"Yes." Dean said. "Warp 7." Dean felt every eye on him as Garth hesitated just a moment before responding. They didn't understand.
It felt like a dream, or a nightmare. Dean had dreamt of this moment for 30 years. The moment when he'd come face to face with this Romulan who took his mothers life away. All the times he imagined it, he never thought he would be this terrified. Something he never felt before was seeping in through the cracks. Dean had spent his whole life leading up to this moment. Whether he wanted it or not, he knew this moment would come.
Just as Dean merges over Castiel spots Gadreel, only now he's maneuvered between cars and is gaining on them, riding the centerline. Gadreel pays no mind to the side mirrors he's knocking off of the cars he passes. Castiel leans out once more as Dean merges to the new highway.
On a mission to find life on other planets, Dean had found it here - in tired blue eyes, pointed ears, and a wrinkled lab coat. Cas had brought him back from the brink of death, and yet … something still pulled Dean back.
"Garth and Charlie are charting a course. At warp 8, It will take us five days to prepare for and reach the Auruto's last known location." Cas said, never looking away from the screen. Dean walked slowly forward and joined Cas at the console.
Castiel stops dead in his tracks. He turns his head just enough to see Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean keeps walking until he's at Castiel's side.
The sharp metal arm of a Terminator slams into Dean's back from behind. Castiel watches Dean crumple to the ground, his blood pooling in front of the console; those green eyes fluttering.
"Cas." Dean shouted. The name echoed against the window and the walls and returned to him with nothing. Dean scanned the walls of the library for anything and then he spotted it. Not a door or anything that would help him figure out where the hell Cas was, but his own name scrawled onto the spine of a large leather bound book sitting on a black marble table. He looked at the other books around him and saw names, some familiar some foreign, but none the size of the book that held his name.
“Didn’t seem relevant yet,” Novak said blandly; Dean bristled at the insult, but didn’t have a chance to respond. “And if you really gave a shit, you would move your desk down here instead of just threatening to shove it up my ass every time I wake you up from a nap upstairs.”
Dean whimpered as his stomach rolled again. “I won’t be mad if you hide some scopolamine in my applesauce. You can lock me in my room, I won’t even care.”
"Captain. We can choose both. We go after Lucifer, and make sure he doesn't get back to Earth. And you go down and get to Cas. If anyone can get through to him, it's you. Severing his connection to Lucifer, could weaken Lucifer, giving us the chance we need to destroy him. If Cas stays connected to him for much longer, even if Lucifer dies, who knows what damage that could do. We can still choose, Captain. We can still have our cake and eat it, too." Dean nodded and let out a heavy breath. It was risky, keeping Cas under like that, but something told Dean that he couldn’t let Cas face this alone.
"Shields, now! Jo, evasive maneuvers. Red Alert, I repeat Red Alert." He yelled as another flash sent a torpedo hurtling towards them.
"The Romulans are puppies now compared to the Borg. We have no business going after them.” Chief Engineer Singer blustered. “Besides, I've been slaving over the colt for ages now, I even modified it with a rotating firing frequency, specifically to take the Borg down."
“You know Sammy, a little less sarcasm next time. That’s an order.” Dean left before Sam could respond and was in the turbolift before anyone questioned him.
"Run!" Castiel yells, pushing Dean with so much force, Dean has to scramble to keep from falling. Gadreel lets off more shots, maybe ten as they round the corner of the bank and slam their backs against the wall of the bank. Screams and shouts ring out in the air as more bullets fly.
Dean lets out a grunt and a heavy laugh. He wipes a hand over his face as he gets to the Impala first and turns back to face Castiel.
"I ... your ch... " Dean starts close enough to Unit 13 that they can feel their breath on their synthetic skin.
“The cubes are failing as we speak. We got the sons of bitches; but Bobby is having a problem with the transporter. There’s a malfunction in the pattern buffer.”
"We seem to be in the clear. You'll need to eat." Castiel gestures to the gas station mart. "Will this suffice?"
“You two are excused.” Dean spoke. The medics left, leaving silence in their wake. Dean took tentative steps toward the bio bed and looked at Samandriel's body. His usually blue accented medics uniform was drenched in a soggy red mix of dirt and blood. Dean could see at least 7 broken bones and guessed at internal bleeding. He was gone.
"Bite down on that." Castiel goes back in the bag to pull out a bottle of iodine solution, large tweezers, dental floss, and a travel sewing kit. "This might sting." He takes one of the black towels and soaks it in Iodine. He presses it into the wound.
“Hello Dean.” His normally stoic but sweet greeting for Dean, was now barely a stifled whimper. Tears teased the corners of his eyes.
"It should be safe to stop for a moment. Your tank is almost empty." Castiel says. Dean nods as he merges over a lane. He takes the exit and slows to a stop near a gas pump. The two get out of the car. Dean walks over to the pump and pauses looking at Castiel. Castiel stands next to the car, brow furrowed, scanning the highway for any sign of Gadreel. Dean looks around for a moment.
"It's ok, Cas," Dean says. Castiel closes his eyes for a moment, letting Dean's voice fill his head.
Castiel pulls the wire out of the card and hands it to Dean. The card is slick with synthetic blood "That ... not so neat. Gross, actually. You good?" Dean finishes taking the card.
"Dean." Cas whispered as his eyes widened. "Dean!" He stepped back, releasing Dean who took deep breaths. Cas took another step back and reached up to his head. He let out a groan.
"Winchester. You're close to getting sent to the crucible as it is." Uriel's voice echoes behind Unit 13. He takes a few steps towards Unit 13. "Let him go. He remains useful to Legion ... for now."
Dean felt something wash over him, everything and nothing all at once. He stood slowly and clenched his fists.
"I ... yeah. I ... that was a long time ago, and I never got shot. Sure as hell didn't think my first time it'd be like this." He says wiping his brow. "Guy didn't even buy me dinner first."
“I am here to protect you. I was sent here to ensure your safety and make sure you become the leader you were meant to be." He thinks. He's not sure. His memory is still faulty. All Castiel knows is that when he looks at Dean, he feels the desire, no, the need to protect him. It's ingrained in his programming. "There is a line ... for the things I can tell you. Too much information can jeopardize my mission and change the future for the worse.” Castiel says scanning again. He can see the highway now.
“I made a promise to myself years ago, that I would never read the minds of those around me. You and I have our disagreements as recent events have shown, but I share my thoughts with you, nonetheless. I’ve never read a thought from anyone on this ship.” He finished. Silence floated between bulkheads as Castiel made his way to the door. He stopped as his shoulder brushed against Dean’s.
"Cas? Well he's you know. He was on the edge there for a minute, when they first beamed back. But I uh … we got him back. He's been, well, himself since then."
"It's your damn name, Cas," Dean says, his voice grating, low and uneven. He shakes his head and drops it into his hands.
"You know when I first met you, you were just this machine, but you were always ... you cared. Somehow. I never understood why ... not until ... " Dean stops as his eyes flick to Castiel as he licks his lips. "Uh. I was stubborn. It's gonna take a lot ... you know. I'm not the best listener back then."
The sun is almost fully risen now, the sky taking on a light blue hue. Castiel's sensors tell him it's warm now. He notes that if his external sensors are working then whatever problem he has, it's isolated to just memory. Good news.
"He was pretty nuts there for a while. He took out half my team like it was nothing. I'm not going to shoot at him, Dean, I won't do that. But now, he's back in his quarters. I heard some crashes. I think he's trashing the place. It was a frenzy when you called before, that’s why we couldn’t answer." Ellen whispered.
Luckily, the guy adapted somewhat and a month into freshman year, Cas was already able to talk at Dean telepathically. Dean couldn’t respond so for sixteen years he was privy to whatever thoughts Cas shared with him. Cas explained the one-way connection as a Betazoid mind trick – one that Dean couldn’t reverse. Dean thought maybe that was bullshit too, but every time he tried to talk back, he failed.
It was a picture, partially obscured by long fingers. He could make out the kids, grinning at the camera. The adults . . . not so much. Cas’s own head, whatever he could see of it, was turned to the side. A dark-haired woman, who had to be Meg, was in turn curled forward in pained laughter.
He wasn’t feeling particularly verbose so he placed a desperate kiss upon his lips. He loved the little gasp that came from him nipping at a plush bottom lip.
Sam made a noise like an aggressive chew-toy and bounded to a seat. Dean followed at a more dignified pace, reaching out to place a hand on the chef’s (no thinking about kissing the cook, no thinking about kissing the cook) as he moved to the seat beside him, “Thanks, man.”
“Sometimes, dearie, what appears to be the worst might be the best you can offer,” she said, reaching out to firmly tug Sam away from Cas. With her words, a soft sense of calm washed over Dean, relaxing his coiled muscles, loosening his spine.
Watching her in the faint blue glow, he stepped away into open space, and then twirled it over and over. It was perfect. He grinned at her in delight and she grinned back, “Now squeeze it four times before you hurt someone.”
All those years he’d been alone, even when his dad was there, wishing he had a real family, and Jimmy had been out there with brothers.
“We were so young, sweetheart. So unbelievably young and stupid and selfish. We thought it would be easier on all of us to just make a clean break, down the middle. Chuck and I wouldn’t have to handle our breakup like adults, you and Jimmy wouldn’t have to deal with bouncing back and forth between us. We thought it wouldn’t hurt you since you’d never know, and it would save us from heartache. But it didn’t. There’s no way in hell that facing my failures with your dad could ever have hurt me the way giving you up did.”
He itched to reach over the narrow aisle between them. He settled for chancing a quick glance sideways. Cas was shamelessly staring at him. He returned the gaze with a wry twist of his lips.
“Cas is in a zone,” Dean said without preamble, raising his voice to carry as he crossed to the door and set it to let in anyone from the team. “Bad one. I’m gonna try to bring him back, I need someone to come keep an eye on us in case it goes bad.”
“Whatever Rowena gave fixed you up,” he told the door. “But if you fuck up again, there’s no magic cure. One-time deal only.”
There were only two other guys in the cage-like basement room, and neither of them so much as looked up at him when he walked in. The closest, a bear of a man whose shirt was unbuttoned halfway down his chest and rolled up past his elbows but still stained yellow-gray around the collar and underarms, kept on dealing out some kind of solitaire at the desk next to Dean. On the other side of the former evidence pen, a man in a proper suit jacket had a pair of headphones half on as he scribbled on a notepad.
The light turned green and distant sirens broke through the silence if the evening. Dean and Castiel drove on; toward their unit, their work, their future.
They were both tucked in nicely in the aftermath, trading lazy kisses, when someone started beating down on the door like the house was on fire. Cas groaned.
Cas refused to look at him as he stalked over to the kitchen and helped himself to the Oziomei liquor. “Want a drink?”
In the silence after Cas’s awkward statement, it took Dean longer than it should have to process what exactly had just been said. It was so far from what he’d been expecting that he was initially sure he couldn’t have heard right. It was only after playing it back in his head and coming up with the same words, then giving in and turning to make the eye contact he’d been avoiding that he could confirm he’d heard correctly after all. Cas, who Dean had just dismissed as unreadable, was staring at Dean in a way he never had before—which was saying something, given how often and long he’d stared already in their two days working together. His brows were drawn together and his lips were pursed, but the lines of both were softer, curious rather than challenging.
So when they finally touched down and Dean could let out his breath, when Cas finally acknowledged his existence long enough to sneer, “We are the highest level agency with national jurisdiction. Travel is a regular part of our work and you—” Dean didn’t bother to hold in his bad mood.
It was the best landing of his life. Hands down. The ship didn’t even lurch sideways, settling onto the ground gently. That, and he was high as a kite. And Cas was holding his hand. To make sure that Dean wouldn’t tumble off or something but it still counted.
“Her birthday’s coming up,” Novak said. It was almost like he was talking to himself, except for how it was so obviously a response to their conversation. “I haven’t forgotten.”
There was a glib comment on the edge of her tongue. She swallowed it down, whispering, “Thanks, Dad,” instead. Then she raised her hands, “If you hug me and crinkle the dress, your husband will kill us both.”
I’m always worried I’m going to say or do something, and I don’t know if you’ve noticed but your family pays a lot more attention to everything than my dad
