"Did your brother just ditch you for candy?-I-thanks." He says softly as Cas tosses the second burger towards him.
The End.
They stay that way until Castiel gets the reminder that he actually has to go home. Getting out, he kisses Dean’s lips gently and feels something cold press into his hand. His camcorder. Looking at Dean and watching his eyes crinkle a bit as he gives a wide but tired grin, kissing his head gently as he moves away, he sighs. “I love you, Dean, see you tomorrow.” He muses and Dean nods in agreement, waving gently as Castiel makes his way out the door.
Dean smiles again, relaxed. "So, you gotta show me the ropes around here, I haven't been in a hospital since I was born." He muses and Cas flashes him a perfect white smile that has Dean melting.
"Just a second, sweetheart, I want to try something." He says and uses some angel mojo to put a mirror against a wall, watching Dean's expression mix into curiosity and cautiousness; he didn't understand, so Castiel was happy to fill him in.
There was silence for a moment, but Castiel answered. “
, Dean." He murmurs, hearing a soft groan leave Dean's mouth again, he switches to take him in his mouth again.
When that calmed down, Dean and Cas turned. Dean gave Sam a smile as Sam looked at him, not with disbelief, but with a calmness that would have made hell shiver.
Dean gives a wide smile, holding Cas’ hand. Needing to touch him somehow. He nods with a giggle. “I watched them all, you’re so cute.” He says.
It was later that night, Dean was trying to drift off but with the medication running through his system and his body hyper aware of its surroundings, it wasn’t coming so easy. He wondered if Castiel was awake and if he could bother him until he felt tired enough to close his eyes.
The video ends.
But he watched as Castiel hums Can’t Help Falling In Love by Elvis. He watches as Castiel’s movements seemed to light and weightless as he packed up his things in a supplied cardboard box. And he watched as Castiel met his eye and gave a smile so bright that Dean didn’t need the sun to supply light anymore.
Before Dean can stop himself, he’s pulling Castiel close, arms around his neck so tight, one might think he was choking him and presses his lips to Castiel with haste. It wasn’t a rough kiss by any means, but desperate.
Cas’ smile reappears and he kisses his cheek. “I have one more surprise for you, would you like to dry our feet off and I’ll tell you I’m the way back to the car?” He asks curiously, seeming very sly and mischievous.
"Gabriel!" Castiel scowls and Dean watches as Castiel's cheeks turn a few shades of red.
"Yes,
Dean smiles slightly, taking in a quick breath to keep his emotions in check; Castiel assumed it was because of the conversation about his brother. "
He loved Castiel so fucking much. And it would never be less.
Whether you believe it or not, no one is as selfless, strong, brave, grounded as you are." When Dean parts his lips to argue, Castiel kisses him softly, but firm.
Castiel squeezes his hand again as reassurance as Dean's breath finally evens out, face flushed as he shakily looks up at him, body suddenly heavy from the event that resulted from the time they had climbed off each other.
The next morning, Castiel had panicked when he saw Dean was no longer in the bed beside him. The panic drained away when he smelt something sweet in the air.
It's silent over the phone before Dean hears a sniffle from Sam's end. "Hey! You better not be googling that crap. I'm gonna be fine, the hospital bill is gonna be more deadly than this disease, Sammy."
Eileen have Sam a bright smile and sighed happily to him. “You know what name we’ve chosen, go on, Sam.” She urges gently, laying against the pillows, playing with her iron ring engraved with love.
His hand was shaking, phone screen still bright. His breathing was cut short with every attempt of a gasp he could get.
Dean huffs. “I take care of /you/.” He corrects and it has Sam groaning as he pulls up a chair, sitting in it.
"Hey-o Dean-o! Cassie's told me lots about you while you were scrubbin' up! He says he likes how your eyes render an 'Everest forest on a perfect summer day'." Gabriel says with a sly smirk and amusement playing in his whiskey coloured eyes.
"Sammy, hey- Listen I need to tell you something and you need to not freak out, okay?" He says quickly before Sam gets into one of his Stanford rants, which Dean usually loved, but today he needed to talk.
"I know, Sammy, but I'm going to kick this disease in the ass, I'm not going out so easily. I want you to focus on your school, you hear? Because if you fly your ass out here to see me in the middle of your semester, I will take you off my visitors list." He says sternly and hears Sam sigh into the phone.
Castiel hangs up and throws his phone to the side, pressing his palms into his eyes and pulling at his hair.
“Dean!” He hears another voice and perking up, he glances towards the doors to see Castiel. His smile splits wide and he goes over to him, kissing him deeply. It takes him a moment to realize he wasn’t in the privacy of his room, but surrounded by people. And Castiel. Castiel was here and holding a blue tie. A tie Dean had seen in a few of the clips on the camera.
He didn't actually have that many things, but Fawn respected his request and left the room. Dean moves to the next video, noticing that there was an obvious change between this Castiel and the one in the last video. He plays it.
Castiel just stares, in a state of shock, or as far into shock as possible for an angel. Billie, had joined him on the side and was respecting the silence for a few moments, then she spoke up.
(See the end of the chapter for
”Dean kick ass Winchester.” Castiel muses and Dean’s smile widens.
Dean watched as Castiel packed his bag and the side of his room now looked more like an actual hospital room. Dean had been more quiet than usual, his brain building up a storm of emotions and stress. He was so in his thoughts he didn't notice Cas had crossed the room to him, until he felt a gentle hand pressing against his cheek. He blinked and suddenly focused in on Cas' eyes.
"I'm so proud of you, angel! Now you can make dinner!" He laughs, but it sounded like it was falling apart a bit, though he clears his throat, like it was just a bit dry, his throat did feel dry and tight.
Dean laughs softly at his excitement, running a hand through his hair slightly, imagining it was Cas playing with his hair while they cuddled in their memory foam mattress, a queen, Dean had replaced it when they started dating because they did so many fun things. Sex, cuddles, kisses, Netflix, emotional chick flick moments, but it was, it was all perfect. Dean couldn't ask for anything better except that maybe his brother was still there.
of waiting.
Or maybe Dean was just distracted by the rest of him to notice a towel.
He starts to walk over, curiosity taking ahold of his movements before he could stop them. He felt his hand brush the seemingly newly painted wood, but not feeling any of it wipe across his palm as he pushes the gate open and walks up the clean stone walkway. He saw blue, pink, and purple flowers out of the side of his vision as he walked up the few steps and stood in front of a screen door.
”Dean, I seriously need you to send me a text or call me back to let me know that you’re okay, I’m starting to get- I feel like something’s wrong, please, just...” Cas trails off, his gaze on the being in front of him.
As much as it made Dean happy that Sam had found someone, it also made him hurt. What if he never got to meet her? What if he left Sam alone? He doesn’t want to think about it, so he tunes back in, Sam still rambling about her.
Sam gave her an excited look before looking down at the baby. “Welcome to the world Dean Rowen Winchester.” He says softly, eyes watering a bit as the baby coos gently and gives a little yawn.
The door closed with an almost silent click and Dean stared at the chipping paint on the frame. Sighing, he glances away from the way to freedom and looks at the camcorder in his hands. He opens it and chooses the oldest video.
Dean didn’t panic though, he released what was left of the breathe he had caught.
That thought didn't exit his brain as he's shown a room with two beds and a curtain between the two, but it was opened. There was a male in one of the beds and he looked like he had been there for awhile since there were pictures and what looked like personal items around him. He's told to get into bed, then they give him an IV and one of those oxygen tubes that rest just below his nose. He was spaced out, dead silent as he goes from a lot of attention to none. Then it's quiet besides the monitors and machines around him and the other male.
Dean smiles softly "Bitch." Then he hangs up.
Castiel is discharged from the hospital; before he leaves, he gives Dean a gift. Dean has to deal with his emotions and the loss of Castiel.
Castiel was staring at the cellular device in his hand; he had been staring at it for the past few hours. His worry was vibrating off him like a radiator. Dean wasn’t here. He called him a few times, even sent a few texts, but Dean hadn’t answered.
What Dean couldn't respect though, was privacy. "So... why are you in here?" He asks curiously, sitting cross legged on his bed which was okay because he wasn't wearing a hospital gown, luckily.
”Then I can come back and cuddle with my adorable boyfriend.” He winks at Dean who gives a childish and cheeky side grin.
Dean stood, leaning against the wooden ledge with Castiel beside him. He felt Castiel’s gentle hand in his hair, brushing through it with gentle strokes that caused a purring sound in the back of Dean’s throat.
”As if you did, jerk,” Sam laughs.
If Dean could light on fire from his arousal and embarrassment mixed together, he would be burning the house down. He flinched a bit at his comparison, it hit a little too close to home. Ouch. That one hurt too.
"P-please, Cas, do it, do it, I need you-" He's cut off by Castiel pushing into him, holding his hip tightly and gripping his hair just enough.
Castiel hums and plays with his hair, causing purring sounds to emerge from Dean’s lips. “I missed you too, you have no idea.” He says.
Dean was currently trying to get Cas' attention by throwing his pillow at him. "Cas! Let's play a game, come over here. We can play go fish!" He complains a with pout and a smile, taking in as deep of a breath as he can; the oxygen tube still resting below his nose.
He smiles brighter when Dean gives the answer he wants to hear, the answer that will allow him to praise the male.
"You, Dean Winchester, are
So Dean searches the rest of the house, there's still no baby. There's no contact numbers, Dean doesn't even have a phone. Hold up.
”We’ve barely been a thing and you’re already too good for me.” Dean chimes and blushes darker as he watches Castiel lift an eyebrow.
Then he was beside the reaper-sorry, Death. It was Billie. She was looking down at his body with him, turning to face him— his soul. “Dean Winchester, I’ve been waiting a long time for you,” she says and Dean glances over, nodding.
Currently, he was telling Castiel a story about how one time his brother had glued his hand to a beer bottle and so Dean got revenge by putting itching powder in his underwear. Castiel was laughing so hard, the machine was beeping rapidly and Castiel was in a coughing fit.
Dean was out a bit faster than he thought and dressed in few sweatpants and a white semi-tight long sleeve. When he left the bathroom, he saw a very short male with weirdly golden glazed waves of hair beside Cas’ bed.
It doesn't take Dean long to finish against Cas' hand and murmur a soft apology about the mess.
He grabbed a bottle of cheap whiskey from the cupboard and didn't bother grabbing a glass as he pops off the lid and takes the burning liquid down his throat quickly. He didn't notice that with a few gulps half the bottle was gone. He didn't consciously notice when he started to scratch the space between his pinkie and his ring finger harshly; a space where dark red marks were already there from the recent past. He kept itching the place on his skin as he walked into the main area, looking around, but not focusing. He didn't hear the door open, he didn't hear the footsteps; he most certainly didn't hear his name being whispered by a blue-eyed angel who just wanted to hold the eldest Winchester close forever.
Dean was resting against Castiel’s side, their hands linked together. There was no TV or radio in the background, but both of them stayed together in the moment, watching out the window at the moon that was slowly making an appearance. Dean feels Castiel's rumbled voice before he hears it in his ear. "This may be forward of me, Dean, but would you like to engage in intercourse?" He says lightly against him while pressing his chapped lips to Dean's temple.
Something wasn’t right.
Dean doesn’t waste another moment to reach up and grip at Cas’ shoulders, pulling him down to crash his mouth gently to his. “Don’t care ‘bout no pie, you’re here-“ he mumbles against Cas’ lips.
"Dean? I want you to have something of mine," He says and Dean nods, intrigued now.
Castiel pulled away slightly, a knee between Dean's thighs, practically pressing up against his crotch. "Let's start with your torso." He murmurs, hands sliding under Dean's shirt, feeling across his lower stomach, over his pecs, to his shoulders; pushing the fabric up with his movements and tossing the fabric over Dean's head quickly after that. Castiel's hands rub slowly along his sides and along his lower stomach. "You're
Dean giggles as Castiel makes a ‘blegh!’ Sound, grinning as he watches him recompose himself. “Okay I guess not, good thing I’m wearing my swim suit! Ha! Suck it ocean!” He yells at the wind before turning back to the camera.
Dean doesn’t mind the running sentences, smiling widely. He got to be with Castiel for a day longer. And that was good in his books.
He sits up quickly and looks around. He was on the floor, full dressed in his normal style, the glass case and the ball a bit away from him and he looks around again. He was alone. He glanced at the casing and finally saw the words of warning. He carefully manages to get the sphere back into the case without touching it again because he didn't think his body (real or not) could handle that again. He put it back in the chest and went to the bathroom, glancing into the mirror and tilting his head to the side to see the dark marks in the form of lips.
Sam was holding a baby in his arms, rocking the gentle bundle as he looks at Eileen who laid in the hospital bed, tired, but happy.
Castiel vaguely recognizes the voice from somewhere, but it clicks immediately when the person introduces themselves. “It’s Sam. D-Dean’s ... brother.” He whispers.
"What the hell does that mean?!" Dean says, his nerves getting the better of him.
Dean was currently laying with Castiel in the back seat of Baby. Cas’ not so missing trench coat tossed over the both of them. Dean was laying against Castiel’s side, feeling Cas’ hand rubbing along his lower back. Letting out a content sigh, he shifts his head from Cas’ shoulder to look up at him.
”Sam- slow down. Yes, it’s him- Castiel. And I’m bisexual. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before-“ He’s cut off.
”Well... I was wondering if you maybe wanted to spend the night with me at my place? If not,-“ Dean doesn’t let him get to the end of the sentence before he’s kissing him hard, feeling tears spring up.
“You know... he called me. I heard my phone ringing, but- I was studying.” Sam breaks into a choked sound again.
”I know this might be a bit more fast paced than you’ve been used to for the past few months, but I need you to let me put this over your eyes and you got to trust me.” Castiel says and Dean raises an eyebrow.
"Anyway, my religious experience. I just came out of church! And I had this feeling while the pastor was talking about the sowing of seeds. How the seeds can't grow in curtain circumstances because of the devil. I know I haven't been planted in rock by Satan, but I don't think I've had the growing I believe is coming to me. 'Grow in adversity' quoted by... whoever said that. Anyway, I'm going on a jog, maybe meet the man of my dreams." He says and smiles at the camera before the video ends.
Castiel wants to scream. The past tense meaning of Sam’s words hitting him like a bullet. “...I know.”
He didn't know why he was just standing there, he had the ability to open the door, but he didn't. He held his breath. He didn't know what to expect.
Dean looks at the screen. “Damn! It is! Wow, my day is perfect so far! Breakfast in bed, my roommate at my side and doctor sexy.” He grins and Castiel chuckles.
Dean and Castiel make some sort of sound that was supposed to be a goodbye before their sinking into each other’s touches and also sinking onto the kitchen floor.
Dean's gaze stares into his reflective gaze and he looks at Cas instead, watching as the angel leaned his head down to kiss along his neck and create more love bites, tugging his hair to move his head back for more space. Dean moaned his name and shifts his hips into Castiel's, grinding down until he feels his orgasm right around the corner. He tries to make a sound of warning, but all that comes out is another whimpered pant of need, watching as Castiel smiled against his skin and the hand that's not currently trapped between Dean's grip and his chest, went and rested right over the hand-print Cas left all that time ago. Dean's back arched away from Castiel's chest as he finished so hard that he saw stars for a moment. A galaxy. He could feel Castiel finishing inside of him, but he didn't mind.
”I’ll give it to you before you go,” Dean assures, grinning as Castiel looked slightly worried by the ending cough but of course slides his expression into a soy thing and loving one.
”it’s dumb of me to do that in a hospital where you can get help-“ Castiel jokes back before kissing his head and sliding the tie over his eyes. He holds Dean’s hand and Dean realizes he’s also picked up the portable machine. “Get ready for your surprise.” He murmurs.
Cas: I’m very glad that you are not breathing like dying Walrus for much longer.
Dean whines softly when Castiel lifts him to straddle his lap and blushes, but winces when his sore ass comes in contact with Castiel's legs. Castiel smiles and kisses his lips softly and sweetly. "You were so perfect for me, Dean, but you need to rest now. Need to come back to yourself," Castiel rumbles and Dean blinks, not very good at focusing after such a wild time.
”I have Eileen here, but I- wanted to make sure you know- you were just as important to him as his family was.” Sam murmurs, voice soft.
It isn’t long before Dean is standing in front of Baby, squeezing Cas’ hand in excitement.
Castiel didn’t take long, Dean assumed it was because he knew his way around the bathroom with his IV. Dean on the other hand, struggled when it was his turn. He was also less sore than yesterday, but more clumsy because of the drugs they put in his IV. He struggled to stand straight and ended up sitting in the shower chair, which wasn’t awful, but he couldn’t help but feel slightly weak and vulnerable.
I’m sorry I’m so bad at regular updates. I want to try and finish this as fast as I can so I don’t leave it unfinished for y’all.
Dr. Tacer nods and goes through the file and then looks at Dean. "How long have you been noticing this?" He asks, waiting for the answer.
There were touches against his arm, his chest. Panic.
Just a lot of wind.
Sam sniffles softly, he always thought his brother would be here to share this moment. A moment that may not have ever happened if it wasn’t for Dean in the first place.
The drive to Castiel’s house isn’t long and it isn’t awkward. They make all these plans for the rest of the day and the night. Eating, binging, singing, cuddling, kissing. And it doesn’t sound bad at all.
Desperate, passionate, and full of want and need.
”I’m sure it’ll be great.” He murmurs to Castiel after a few moments before he realizes he went to sleep.
"No, I am Castiel Novak." He says and Dean laughs.
He glances out the window, not really interested in leaving the room much. He enjoyed his time alone and no one out there was anyone he truly wanted to socialize with. “Fuckin’ Cas.” He mumbles softly to himself.
Warning: Kind Of Rough To Read.
"Say it. Say you can do it, Sam. I need you to say you'll be okay without me." He says, voice wavering on the words he was speaking.
Dean had been in the hospital room for less than six hours and he was already stir crazy and stressed, which caused his heart rate to pick up a lot and his breathing to get worse because he felt so panicked.
Dean was in the same house as a child? He was a
Dean's eyes open slowly, wincing under the fluorescent lighting of the bunker.
"Hello, Dean. I know it must be tough losing a roommate, but I'm here to ask if you would like to transfer to a single patient room?" She asks with a small smile.
A soft cry makes him pull away. “Is it too early to say not it?” Sam asks with a cheeky smile as Eileen gives him a raised eyebrow.
Dean takes one last look at his body, swallows thickly and takes her hand.
Blushing darkly, he heads to his bedroom awkwardly and sits down before hissing. He was sore. Which was strange for something that... wasn't real? He wasn't sure, maybe he was still dreaming, he wouldn't put it past. He chews his lip for a moment, trying to figure himself out and make some decisions. Sucking in a breath, he takes out his phone before hitting the call button on one of his contacts.
Dean pouts from the confusion, he was unsure he had called him that or not-his mind was too occupied to even remember what happened “Hmm, maybe I did. I guess” Dean recollected as he watches Castiel shuffle around in his bag “You didn’t like it?”
“Alright- I guess I’ll go along with this for a while longer- I can’t really keep up with all the drama that ensues between you and the Olsen twins-”
Dean stood upright and still looked at Castiel, still expecting a response. His breathing was so steady and his chest moves up and down so gracefully, the strange pentagram tattoo near his collar bone a befitting addition to his glistening skin. Castiel felt so invigorated by the sight. His abs were dim but quite prominent under the light they stood in. He shakes his legs about to get the excess water off of his skin and Castiel finds himself staring blatantly.
, I need to know if what he said was really true" Castiel gripped onto the strap of his tote bag more harshly than before, he took a few steps forward and continued to walk slowly.
"Dean, I'll never leave, okay?."
All three shells drop to the exhausted ground, his ears bellow by their fading screams and Castiel covers his ears from the sound as well-his hapless body just trying to hold itself together. Even on a whim Dean managed to blow the bastards away but something tells him that it wasn't over. He shoves the gun in it's holster as he runs towards Castiel, he strokes his face and ends up spreading the blood over his cheeks. Cas removed his hands from his ears at the familiar touch and opens his eyes slowly, the same blue resides in those poisoned eyes and Dean takes a sigh of relief
He takes a step back and starts to walk back to camp. He felt a strange glow erupt and he rubs his face from the strange sensation- he didn't notice how swollen his face felt and it disgusted him the longer he touched it.
“We have to start some place, this can’t be it right? Maybe the old slice and dice will do the trick?”
And buries you in it’s obscurity.
“And I, to you”
“Stop it, Dean”
Sam pushes on Crowley’s back, a little rougher than he needed to be. Crowley smiles his usual smile, trying his best to keep his snickers intact.
“Don’t go. Just…don’t go”
“To hell with this” Castiel gives up and extends his hand, his eyes glowing and color specked wings emerging in the pouring light. The woman sees the commotion and starts screaming as she watches Castiel burn a massive chunk of the fence away, still clinging onto her bag for protection. He begins to breathe normally and slowly blinks away his grace; he turns his head towards her and says in his serious tone.
“Cas why are you doing this!? We can help!” Sam winces as he struggles to let himself go from his grasp, as do you.
“If you want, you’re welcome here any time… It’s nice having company” Crowley smiles as his eyes tone down and relax, Sam felt uneasy by his words but out of the goodness of his heart he smiled back and nodded.
All of you take a step outside
“I’m here. I’m right here, Sam” I grasp onto his arms and hold him steady, my thumb caresses his dusty cut up wrists and my tears don’t do them any favors, it just messes up his skin more and I just feel angry at the thought, I feel angry at everything “Are…are you okay? Your ankle looks…healed”
“Please. I need you man. Don’t shut me out like that. Please…”
“Wouldn’t you do the same if you were in my spot?”
But they only laughed
..." Sam rubs his hands together gently as he kept himself composed, his tired voice added a strange haunting feel to the room itself.
Cas' eyes widened at my answer, his blue irises were glued onto my trembling lips; he was fumbling with his own words.
He reaches the end of the hall and peeks from the corner, two seater sofas faced a worn out fireplace, it didn't seem like it had been used for eons. Everything was made of wood but a few shades lighter than his room. On his left was a dining area, a worn out table with a few chairs lined up with it, a single plastic vase sat in the centre with some incense sticks, almost everything had strange symbols carved into them- none of them unscathed.
The love in his eyes had broken me completely, he was repeating the promises I had once made to him, and my heart ached just seeing him struggle so much.
“There isn’t much time left- they’ll know where I am- I need to figure this all out. I’m so sorry, to all of you” Cas began to breathe heavily, his shirt hung loosely as his chest heaved, his ribs poking out the harder he inhaled- he removed their hands and created a gust of wind around him- Sam and Dean watch ruefully as they slip from the pressure- Bobby managed to grab Sam as he started falling towards him, his hair impairing his sight completely. Shockingly Dean was the only one who managed to grab ahold of Cas, he clutched onto his clothes first and then managed to grab him by his waist- he knew he had to do something before he ended up hurting himself again. He kept ahold of him- wind and all- it was hard to even see what was going on in front of him- all he knew was that he didn’t want to let him go.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cut the crap- not everything has to be some weird game to you- this is serious and for once we just need you to be quiet- we’re almost there”
The grass is vast as you step throug them, as though buried in the Moors of places unknown. You balance the angel blade against your palm, it slides to and fro inside your sleeve, you realize this act was reckless but you do it anyways.
“What is the plan, Cas?” Dean steps in closer, his head low as he tries pulling Cas’ eyes back into his own.
Sam knows it wasn’t going to be easy, he’s known that for a while now but even this interaction alone was a win-they’ll figure things out slowly…they just have to.
It was quite refreshing to say the least.
“…Dean?” He questions him as he raises his eyebrow.
“Wait- What the?” Sam pouts as he kept squinting, removing and applying the binoculars to his wrinkled face- Dean watches his rhythmic movement until he steals the thing back- his lips professing irritation and annoyance towards his actions.
“Son of a bitch knew.” Dean breathes a downhearted laugh
“The ground shook viciously and the sky seemed like it was being torn apart by massive claws. Sam was telling me to run but I fell down every time I tried, I was so stunned by the encounter that I didn’t have any strength left inside of me once I saw it. The birds were flying in messed up circles in the blood filled sky and all of them kept flying into each other, they were
“Dean, what is…?”
“Your kind being? Are you some sort of vengeful spirit? A creature from another world?” Now it was you who spoke, the shadow’s skull twisted and turned towards you, attuned to your body and it’s inner machinations as it imitated your vessel's breathing.
“It is. A little bit”
“Cas? Can we? Should we?” he scratches the back of his head, completely bruising his ego the harder he tried to form a sentence “We need to talk”
“Ooh, goodie” he rolls his eyes and crosses his arms as he looks out the window- all but darkness and fog lingers outside the glass “Either way we’ll be dead soon enough because of your stupid plan- or lack of it really”
“Let’s change that”
The ceiling becomes cloudy with the blackness oozing from the cracks, Dean tries to shake Castiel but is pushed back with a powerful force, Sam catches him in time and the both of them stare helplessly, eyes battered by the darkness within the room.
Who seems completely unaffected, just by the way
“Tread lightly, Crowley. This is not the time to address something like this” he warns you as he takes a few steps closer with his calm tone.
Castiel shuffles by the sound as he wakes up from an unplanned nap, his neck aching the moment his eyes flickered open with the air around his legs numbingly cold. He hears an old woman chew on her gum a few seats away; she awaited the bus in the dead of the night too, just like him. He rubs his eyes and yawns, his back a bit stiff as he rubs his thighs to bring the circulation in his hands back. The woman looks at him from the corner of her eye and in a suppressed panic holds onto her bag more firmly, Castiel wasn’t sure why she would react that way until he remembered one minor detail
The cold air sends a shudder down their throats- their confusion arising with it.
“They were what, Dean?” Sam pursues further
From the other side of the doorway we see Dean, his back placed on the wall separating him from the room Sam and Bobby are in, he wistfully grasps the strap of his bag and swallows the metaphorical stone lodged in his throat- successfully suppressing his cries from flowing out. He strangles any ounce of dismay in his head- he tries to at least- as he watches the walls and the books fixated upon the dusty shelves, this wasn’t home but leaving it was tearing him apart, clearly the others felt the same way. He looks down at his bag, all of the necessary things needed for their journey- Sam was carrying the other half- the one with books and almanacs of some sort, everything they believed they could need really. He still hears the stifled cries from the inside; he turns his head sideways, his jaws clenched and pristine by the daylight that hits his skin.
The lights fade out.
Just in being, it was all you ever wanted.
The walls were dull and the shelves upon them mostly empty, only a few books lay upon it-books he didn’t know were a part of Dean’s personal collection. He never asked him what he liked to read-what was the last thing he did for fun? What was fun for Dean? Would he also find it fun? The prospects wandered in his mind and the familiar swelling started to emerge again-why was it so difficult to contain himself these days?
Dean managed to bandage his wound again, making completely sure that he wasn’t turned but thankfully Castiel confirmed that the vamps were clearly using him as a blood bag, that was how he explained it at least. Castiel winced and complained at every antiseptic medicine Dean had applied several hours before- he remembered those teary blur eyes and finds himself smiling at the thought.
“No more goodbyes” Dean moans softly between their kisses and gets lost in the moment all over again-time was different with Cas, either it moved too quickly or it kept them frozen within it. Needless to say his control over him was an exhilarating feeling to drown in, willingly and happily “No more of that”
Silence ensues between them, their stares are constant- resonating the same energy and grief into each other but, still so separate.
He opens his stinging eyes that stung and mustered up the courage to look. He eases his breathing again and starts to move away.
He knew it was morning; it had been for a few hours or so. The bunker was shut off from it all but the silence within these walls held a fascinating sound, as if one could understand it from the faint sighs that hovered in the air. He muses a little more as his eyes wander over the only corner of the room he could see; he looks at Dean’s slightly messy desk with his weapons laid about and a dusty lamp atop it, the chair a haphazard mess a few feet away from it. Had it always been like that?
Castiel looked nervous after Dean asked his question; Dean raised his eyebrow questioningly as he glanced at him until he finally answered.
Dean rushed towards the direction where his cage was and he fiddled with the pockets of the bloody corpse inside, he felt the keys jingle as he laced his finger around the chain and he chuckled almost maniacally. Castiel moaned again as he heard Dean and he got scared by his silhouette, he tried to shuffle away at the sight of him and he winced in pain. Dean patted him lightly and smiled at him “Hey, hey it’s me… I’m getting you out of here so you need to be extremely quiet okay, Cas?” He calmed him down by rubbing his chest and Castiel just hummed and fainted again. Dean rolled his eyes and pulled him towards him; he lifted his limp body effortlessly and dashed towards the trees in order to sneak past the crowd. The sound of a screech made Dean stumble in his wake and he continued to run towards his destination. Dean blinked in a dumbfounded fashion as he sees Luther’s nest scramble about from their meeting point, several others were running in the opposite direction as tears streamed down from their face; he couldn’t understand what was happening across the field until his eyes grasped onto a strange figure appearing above the fire pit.
“I hope I don’t intrude on our- oh so splendid journey together but I’ve been meaning to ask you some questions regarding our destination” Dean interrupts at just the right time. Castiel tilted his head slightly and tells him to ‘shoot’.
Cas’ eyes begin to glow in the wreckage and his form starts to unfurl, his wings breathe into existence as he closes his eyes and allows them to stretch upwards, his feathers faded, tired and brittle like the roots of a worn out tree.
Was it trying to trap us in?
“I can’t believe this…” Castiel lets him go and rubs his clammy hands on his face- he’s boiling from the inside out and he can’t even say anything that’ll change that “I can’t go back there- I just can’t, Balthazar. I can never set foot there again”
“So, what? He’s spying on us? How is he doing all of that?”
I sat there motionless on a wooden chair,and beside it was a small round table with certain newspaper clippings on it. Killings? murders?  I knew where I was.
more than that because…I mean, man we’ve been reckless together and we’ve been through shit no one else had to go through because that is what families do, right? Or did I miss the memo?”
“Seriously, how have you managed to get this far?” She chuckles as she throws her cigarette away and stomps it on the ground “Tell ya what, there’s this community center not far from here-me and the gang have been staying there for a while now and I bet there’s room for one more-well, technically two” she winks at the little head poking out from his trench coat “Seems to me you haven’t really been stopping to rest, looking weak and all-no offense”
“I mean…we’ve been waiting to do something like this for years now so for once I just want you to not think about anything. We have food and beer and…” Sam touches the dashboard softly as he beams “…even if we don’t have everything and everyone, at least we have parts of it, you know? That’s why I don’t want any senile talk happening today”
Castiel looked at Dean, a horrified expression on his face. Dean was annoyed by his reaction and he smacked his head lightly “Stop being a baby and just sleep on this side of the mattress, you won’t even know I’m here” Dean shuffled towards the other end of the mattress and gave an ample amount of space for Castiel to lie down in. Weak willed as Castiel was, he scampered from the floor and invaded the free spot with ease and sighed at the connection with the soft surface. Dean and Castiel’s backs were inches away from each other and they sensed the awkward atmosphere that existed between that gap.
“No-no! just hear me out alright!” Sam ran his fingers through his hair, unaware of how much he was shaking “My brother and I, before all of this, we helped people, we saved them from these things and- and it was our life...you know? So the world we live in now, we can save it from those demons that are feeding on us, just like what happened to you and…”
Staying alive
“Tsk, tsk-such a talker” he laughs as he slaps his knee slowly “I guess I can give them the good news-I’ll give Sam a call and we can be on our way-you can still fly, right?”
He keeps huffing and blazing  about in the room while Crowley remains; in a strange way regardless of how little he understood of Sam's situation and his current state Crowley felt that maybe, just maybe he could somehow be a part of this misery.
Your eyes widen at the sound and you get up from the leather seat- a few slow steps later you almost cross Castiel before he grasps onto your coat. Confused, you look towards him and see him trying to withhold a strange heaviness in his eyes- something eerie lurked in the air around, how was he not jumping for joy at this point?
"I was trying to- ju- just trying - to bring you back" I whispered in my softest voice.
Castiel swallows hard as he runs his hand over Dean’s face; his fingers scrape his scalp and then linger down towards his cheek bone, the heavy bags under his eyes and the curves of his lips, all of it was sharp in his eyes-all defined and perfect to the touch. Dean’s eyes plead as he nuzzles Castiel’s hand weakly- he was patient with him even if they were losing themselves in their accustomed practices. But Castiel still holds himself back.
He starts going through one of his bags and finds the black journal there, he skipped through his ancient entries and found a blank page and tore a piece out. He fumbles with his pencil and scribbled his message, hoping in his heart that Dean would forgive him for not listening to him once more.
“I swear to you I’m going to be better…I want to prove it to you that we’re…” Dean’s voice still lingers in Castiel’s mind but it soon fades, like a single drop of water getting lost inside a vast pool-he’d exist but then he wouldn’t. He hears him and watches his lips move but his voice feels drowned out, he only hears the drops of water fade inside his mind-memories and words slipping through the cracks.
Wait, what the hell?
He remembered
I can't believe it.
But then it stopped.
“We need to move! We’ll be of no use to them if we’re dead!” You crawl at first but steady yourself enough to pull Castiel back, his body so stiff even with all the shaking “We need to move, NOW!” you pull on him harder and the both of you start running towards the double doors at the end of the crumbling hall. Castiel is still hesitant with his movements but he manages to keep up with you, his dusty trench coat flaying in the wind. You push the door in unison and continue running forward until the floor beneath you felt stable again, but where that place lays was the question. You enter a wide room with a white staircase in the middle of the room and multiple doors to go through, but all of them were covered with a strange black texture- like little roots twisting around. The both of you stand back to back trying to find a way to get out- but even the windows were clouded by the same substance.
“Is…is the door closed?” Dean pants as he kisses Castiel from his forehead to his jaw
“So, it’s a date?” Crowley snickers as he points the edge of his blade towards your face.
“Does it hurt?” Dean asked as he looked into Castiel’s awkward gaze, the concern melting from his moist lips
Forgive me for being so late with this! Stupid reality bit me in the ass and I had to finish my duties, I promise I'll finish the first part of this series soon!
“Well?!” Dean pushed his voice further as Castiel remained silent.
I feel a faint smile emerge from the voice message, he never even bothered changing the damn thing after all…after all these years…
“You know, kinda scared or something. They kept talking about going far away from someone or something”
“I never…I never meant to take that moment away from you…I was just so…stupid, Dean. I can never forgive myself for what I did to ruin your life…
“You knew what I had to do”
"And well if your exam sucked then don't worry, I'll pass you. That's the least I can do."
“Have you forgotten already? The person who knows about it is gone- so who else could know about what happened if it was just the three of us” Dean questions, strangely distracted and the concern in his eyes faltering.
You wanted nothing but to tell him how sorry you were; but this wasn’t the time or place to say it. You wanted it to mean something when you get the chance, a chance at rewriting your wrongs all over again.
Why the hell did they keep doing this?
His smile faded instantly, his interest in his surroundings triumphed over his actual mission, his insides was smeared guilt and anguish- how could he be so naïve and be so occupied by these delusions. He sees Dean again, his bracelets hanging loose on his wrists, once upon a decade ago when he used to wear them- Cas always found them appealing on him- I guess it was his old age that made Dean take them off later on in life. He remembers how much it would tangle up or make him miss a shot whenever he pulled his weapons out during a fight, Sam would taunt him about it in an amusing way- Dean always showed that it didn’t bother him, but you knew that he wasn’t as strong as he made himself out to be.
Dean finds himself standing in a massive poppy field, the red and tangerine hues bleeding into one as a gentle breeze blows over them, the grass stands tall but even so the flower’s domineering beauty overpowers him to the core, every breath was intoxicating. It feels as though he’s walking through clouds, his hands tickled by every touch of petal and the longer he inhaled it all the more drunk he felt. He looks at himself even with the over stimulating locale, he’s wearing red flannel and jeans of the most vivid of blues- something he knows he has never owned in his life. He pouts a bit at his attire, but a satisfied one; he’s just never realized how his wardrobe lacked so much color.
It echoes in this space
“You rebelled” Dean closes the small gap between them and sighs as his eyes wander over his beautiful face “And I’m nothing but thankful for that, you were kind of a dick”
"Cas, I don't think we should be here, something is wrong with this place... All the other grave stones? They have nothing on them, no name, no date, no 'a loving douchebag'; NOTHING!" he spat, trying to convince his delusional companion through his watery eyes, he wasn't crying; but he just felt some sort of irritation inside and out. He wasn't dead, he doesn't remember anything like that
Sam remained silent, waiting for Dean’s reply.
, with a hint of
“Come on, we need to move” Castiel spoke quietly as he rotated his head in different directions, making sure they weren’t being watched. Dean was breathing slowly and he started to get up but he loses his balance and falls down again with a strained groan.
Moments later he was exposed to the same dull light of the earth once more as he fell to the ground and pushed himself back up almost instantly; he positioned himself again and pointed his blade around chaotically. He noticed Dean’s relaxed stance and jogged towards him casually “What was it?” he asked.
The air dies around them, the field stands still and the sky is enveloped by an eternal darkness, a starry spotlight hovered over their heads, the planets and skies completely in bloom.
And therefore, I present to you my fourth mistake.
Sam smiles, a little unlike him in moments such as this
He opens his eyes slowly and marveled at the grey scenery that surrounded him, before he could fully appreciate the setting he felt a sudden painful stretch on his neck. He held in a huge grunt as he placed his hand on the wound, to his surprise he felt a neat bandage wrapped around it. Even with his constant fondling it took him a while to realize there was actually a bandage there.
"I know that its hard to believe that we were given a second chance, me being here in your arms, touching you, all of this still feels like a dream. But I've learned to accept things just the way they are."
He ran his fingers through his hair, pulling on each strand to make him sense something.
T.V shows? Watching with Sammy and...I guess...
“What do you mean by that?”
What?
The windows begin to shake the heavier the air becomes, everything floats and twists inside of you, completely out of your control
He clenches his fists and his palms begin to sting by the pain
Castiel looks around the woods and senses the dry air around his ankles- they felt so brittle and cracked on the tiny pebbles and sticks on the ground- the fact that he was barefoot didn’t help them either. He laughs at his idiocy, even something as small as this could make him laugh- make him human. He never realized how much of his angelic grace was dependent on him being apathetic- he feels the swelling again inside of him, whatever invaded his system wasn’t just his grace- but the only concern was whether the essence of the Ijiraq posed a threat to him, and whether using this power again can correct his misjudgment.
“I know that idjit, and I know you too. It’s just… what’s an old man gotta do to make himself useful around here?”
“You fainted because of the fever you kept hidden from me, dumbass” Castiel remarked sarcastically “The least you could’ve done was warn me about it Dean”. He shuffled in his spot on the floor and he glared at Castiel with a small pout on his face
Dean heard a strange whistling in his ear; he paid it no heed and focused on making it through the night with the ample amount of gas in the truck.
“Then why are you even sleeping at the back if you’ll have the same amount of room at the front?”
“Hmm, well at least he’s back. You won’t have to worry about calling him 24/7 now”
“John”
He bites his lips and shuffles through the small opening between the sand bags, his hands shaking even in his pockets. He walks into the carpeted tent and sees the back of the captain, the sigil of a golden wolf neatly stitched on his back, just as he had remembered seeing it the first time.
“Not…very much. No”
Dean shuffles away and starts straightening up his bed. He pulls the box away and walks toward his desired spot to place it, Castiel’s eyes follow him until he lay his head down on his pillow and watches the cat roll up into a ball in front of him. He smiles and turns to pick his music player from the side, the headphones still dangling lazily around it. He sees the tape beside it and takes it too. Castiel fumbles a bit with it but he finally managed to find the button that opened the slot, he’s watched Dean play tapes in his car all the time but to actually figure it out yourself was a feat on its own-he slid it in gently and clicked play.
Sam finally comes to a stop and he straightens his back lazily, his swollen eyes and brittle lips make him look as if he was being possessed, as if someone tortured it and then just left it out to dry. Crowley nods and has an annoyed grin on his face, Sam remained corpse like for a few minutes more until he sniffles slightly; he tears up as he pulls the amulet out of his pocket and lets it graze the palm of his hand.
A dusty and moldy scent hits the both of you as you let go of the door, a dull wind brushes against your hair and sends an itch in your nose. This was definitely it.
“I know I’m not your father, Dean- and you may never see me that way but you can’t blame yourself for everything- not for Sam, not for Castiel- not for any of those people you lost along the way. I know you have this condition where you want to save everyone every damn waking second of your life but sometimes you have to realize that you can’t, you just
The sudden sound had jolted Dean out of his molding state, his abrupt turn brings a twist in his neck and his hands flail miserably as he tries to keep his balance, either way his drenched contortioned face was answerable enough.
“Nah, you’re only doing this so you could feel like the boss for once” you chew on a piece of turkey sandwich and chuckle “I know you whine about my drinking to somebody so you’re just making sure I don’t do anything reckless”
"Me forgetting everything, me forgetting you. I had caused so much chaos before, maybe this is my punishment. Being mortal.."
Dean stops a few steps away from the truck, his arms swaying in the cold wind as he looks up.
“…My point is…if we never met, we wouldn’t have
“Err, um. I don’t know what came over me. I apologize” Castiel mumbles as he calls the cat and picks him up gently, their fluffy stomach soft in his hand. “Dude! Don’t be like that…I thought that was really…” Dean scratches the back of his head as his eyes flutter -was Dean…shy? Castiel laughs at his gestures and walks towards him slowly and kisses him gently, Dean pulls him in instantly and holds him from his neck and his back-it wasn’t until the cat mewled out of discomfort between them that they managed to stop.
Dean Winchester.
He breathes in and starts murmuring in latin; he closes his eyes in order to solely focus on the incantation, his fists clenched to prevent the constant shaking- Dean watches the pendulum come to a sudden stop and suddenly start circling the map counterclockwise, his eyes wander over its movements- truly fascinated by its synchronicity with Sam’s pacing. He finally stops and opens his eyes to see the result, the pendulum still circles, a lot longer than the both of them had expected.
“Dean…”
Sam chuckled. Dean noticed how much softer and happier his tone seemed as he continued to pry his eyes open, but to no such avail. He kept on calling his brother’s name even in this strange entrapment
Dean hesitated, his eyes perplexed and cynical as always but after Sam’s plea he softens his gaze and sighs. He opens up his hand and Sam beams internally, he places the necklace within his grasp and he takes a few steps back. Dean plays with the trinket in his hand and stares at it cautiously, as if he knew something would happen if he wasn’t careful enough. He closes his eyes and laces his thumb around the black leather chain and slides his head through it, the small trinket chinked as it brushed against Dean’s neck. Once he wore it Sam crossed his arms and waited in one corner of the cabin.
"Cas... What the actual fuck... Is this?"
Dean stands silently, his lower lip slightly separated from his upper.
“O…Okay” Dean rubs his hands together and settles down onto the grass slowly, his legs almost tangled up in his own but only their knees touch-something as simple as that was enough to calm the air around them. They look up at each other simultaneously and just stare for a while, Dean with his pout and deep glares while Castiel watches back, his eyes an open book with distorted shapes and colors but still something he could understand-if only he allowed it.
"Moments later a loud noise crept into my ears, a loud Fwoom. I stopped and fell to the cold ground and blinked through the blood, my worn out eyes could only make out the light blue glow coming towards me, everything after that was completely erased, as if it were a dream”
“And what did that bring us? Do you know the fucking colossal damage that you have caused? Not only to us but to every other person on this planet?”  Dean bellows, it wasn’t his intention but he didn’t know how else to respond. Castiel looked so ashamed, his eyes were distant as he tried meeting Dean’s- he didn’t know what to do, he’s never had trouble talking to him before- even when he didn’t reveal himself when he raised him from hell.
“Grugh, what the actual hell” Dean coughs, shaking his head, his spiky hair falling sloppily on his forehead, he rubs his eyes and flicks away pieces of concrete from the back to the front, Sam takes a lot longer to get up because his large stature was buried under a myriad of shards and bricks, he was unharmed thankfully, but his blown up chestnut hair could be considered a casualty. “Cas? What is happening? Why is everything destroyed?” Sam juxtaposes as his head twists and turns, making sure he didn’t place his hands on any sharp objects on the shattered floor.
Much love.
“You never know. Humans are known to be social animals and they can’t survive in isolation-they always want to be understood” Castiel breathes calmly and sits down on the ground only a few feet away from Dean. He crosses his legs and pats the grassy spot in front of him and gestures him to sit “And you’re a very social man-so why don’t we just sit and talk through it all?”
Crowley grew curious.
He grabs Dean’s face gently and places him to the other side of the car, Dean moaned a bit while he did that but he didn’t wake- he never slept so deeply and even Cas knew, how is he not reacting? Sam watched Castiel slide out and instantly shields himself from the grey sun.
Until
Dean walks back to the truck, his footing firm and more steadfast than usual- Sam marks the location with a pencil and starts to pull the contraption apart. With his belongings he makes his way back to the truck as well, his steps burying into the dirt the more he tried to walk faster.
He lets out a tormented scream and he throws the trinket towards Sam’s direction  but it ended up splashing in the puddle near him, Sam closed his eyes and held in his breath until he heard his dragging feet fade away.
“Remind me of old Cas? Yes, something is definitely up” Dean points out. They turn to look at each other and then look at Cas, who is being heckled by Crowley.
“Sammy I…
Sam held onto the heavy bag that swung from his massive shoulders, the sweat on his brow breaking his concentration as he watches the desolate building staring back at him.
the urge to not give up even if I don’t want to-because the people around me refuse to give up on a lost cause like me” Dean scratches his chin and rubs the remnants off his face. His one leg stretches out while one is upright and bent from the knee, his arms rock him a bit as he diverts his gaze upwards and then looks back at Castiel, the impact his beauty had on him was something unknown until this point “But you…heh…you just thought better and bailed on me when you got the chance. Not giving a damn about how it would affect Sam…how it would affect…
"W-What did you just-?"
Just then the doors came flying open, and there came Dean Winchester.
“Unh…” Castiel moaned quietly as he tried turn his body in another direction, Dean instantly responded to his movement and he brought his face closer to his “Hey, Hey Cas? It’s me. We’re gonna get out of this place okay?” Dean hushed, relieved by the fact that he wasn’t alone. Castiel still didn’t respond and he just continued breathing with his eyes closed “You have to take me to Sammy okay? I won’t let you die on me” Dean gently caressed his face and felt his pulse on his non scarred neck. It felt slower than normal and Dean hoped that he would make it through a few more hours. While the guard moved towards the other direction for his usual round Dean tried to support Castiel by placing his hand on his back. While he was doing that he got distracted by a solid object underneath his jacket, after looking around making sure no one was watching him Dean traced his hand on Castiel’s back until he found the object inside. It was the blade he used when they were in the city.
"Well goodbye then"
He bends and looks at the inscriptions, at first he felt his eyes had given up on him but after placing his hand over it he knew he wasn't dreaming this
“How precious”
"Did you not...did you not get attacked?" Castiel blurts out before he could take it back
“Come on! You don’t really mean that, you had fun doing those jobs with us too- we did what we had to”
Castiel hears these murmurs as he sees flashes, images of places unknown and known- of battlefields and fields of gold and plum- skies of red and oceans of black- he couldn’t fathom any of it, he sees the empty- so black, so black, so black, so
“I said GET-“ he grits his teeth until his wide eyes freeze. His eyes look towards the wrist he grabbed and senses a strange hard string tangle up around his index finger. He looks closely at it and starts breathing heavily.
He didn’t dwell over it, he placed his hand over Bobby’s and gave it a tight squeeze, even a small gesture such as that lightened the strained colors in his eyes, Dean couldn’t believe the glee that seeped into him from his hefty palm. Sam also smiles and stands closer this time, but before he could give Dean some physical contact he slipped between them and walked out of the room, they watch Dean marching out through the doorway, they hear a gun cocking in the distance- Sam knew those steps and sounds oh too well, he took it as his cue to march onward- the smile still plastered over his long gentle face.
Dean pursed his lips and rose with a groan, he runs his hand through his tangled hair as he turned towards his brother, clearly he was tired and frustrated from the anger growing in his throat "How many fucking times should I tell you Sam? Do you like being scolded and monitored like a damn baby?"
And just like that
“Well…something inside of me changed. I saw it as a way out, I mean there I was watching us go insane over each other, meeting and losing each other in innumerable ways and…I took it as a sign-as something I could fix, something that could save us both. And I never realized how
But one person did. Their eyes boring into you when you weren’t looking- were they smiling too?
Sam crosses his arms and took a few steps back until he hits the wall unexpectedly, he starts shaking his head as he keeps blinking. Crowley scratches his trimmed beard agitatedly, he builds up the courage to ask the mad man why, until Sam spoke up himself.
“Up south” Sam breathes, the concern in his voice fading slowly.
"Why aren't you saying anything Sam?" Dean spoke as he stared at his brother firmly, Sam shuffled in his spot and suddenly gasped out a smile, his nervous ragged chuckles couldn't overcome the tears that began to well up in his tired eyes. Dean watches him, completely taken aback by the attitude he displayed over his scolding.
But I know I will some day.
He pulls himself away after he had enough and marches towards the door awkwardly. There were subtle creaks from the wooden floor as he places his hand on the door knob, there were strange symbols carved into the door's designs as he made his way out into a hallway, it seems he was inside a cabin. Small bookcases surrounded the narrow corridor and a hefty amount of novels, guides, myths, historical- almost everything filled thee dusty spaces. The walls were almost barren, except for a few unrecognizable photos in soggy looking frames and gun displays. A shotgun was the closest towards Castiel as he moves forward, he made a mental note if things went sour, being unarmed and all.
“Because he knew what he was doing- he knew that the only way to kill the monster was to decapitate it”
“He gave us…he ended everything even after…even after I…
“Come home, Dean”
He cautiously slides his hand into the narrow space between the door and the compartment and keeps shoving it until he feels something, his fingers grab onto something smooth and...leathery?
Sam was greeted by his growling stomach early in the morning and he started to crave for the food he knew he couldn't have anymore. Not allowing himself to succumb to his salivating desires he grabbed onto his abdomen and presses it hard, the buzzing stops and he resumes packing his bag.
“Maybe I do…there was something else”
Oh yeah, my class assignments. Damn I hated this job, but since my ass couldn't find work else where so I ended up here. I didn't even know jack shit about media, but at least I get to talk about great movies, now that's a piece of pie.
The shadow pattern on the ground was different from before. Was that always there? Even with the noise and the quaking floor beneath him he couldn't help but look at the figure, it wasn't like the others. This was excessively different, and so...
“You know what I bet I’ll still be hungry after the gig so I’ll take you out to eat then, I bet Sam would be too because of the crap he willingly chooses to put in his body” he swallows and looks at Sam, who’s giving him the side eye while he takes a massive bite out of his muffin, the smoldering grimace not leaving his face.
“Sam; and it is my business because this trinket is mine” Sam announced with a bit of dominance in his voice, he glares at Crowley vehemently, he stares back at him confused. Crowley opens his mouth and reluctantly closes it again, he watches Sam carefully and casually swirled the contents in his glass. He takes a few steps towards him, asserting his position once more and he mouthed his words scornfully.
“Why do you think that?”
“Come on I promise I won’t tell Dean about this” Sam grins as he pulls you up from the dusty floor, swatting away bits and pieces of dust bunnies from your trench coat “I saw you through the kitchen door but you didn’t respond, I got a little worried there” he takes two steps away and you walk behind him slowly
"Yes?"
“Do you really mean that?”
“Well, what do you know?” you smile and scoff at the view
I hid my face at the crook of his neck and felt his pulse calming down a bit, I clenched my fists into his jacket and held him close, showing him that I wasn't going to take no for an answer.
Castiel finally gave out a smile that he was holding in for quite a while, the softness in Dean’s words began to pulse through his ears and it created a soothing hum in them.
“You son of a- I told you how important it was for me to find that monster! You knew how much my life was at risk and you still lied about it!” the boy bit his quivering lips as he hid his eyes in his shaky hands, Sam could hear his tiny sobs as he fell to the ground and Crowley stood in front of him completely unfazed, annoyed by his reaction.
Castiel manages to walk into a more open field, the grass tall with a massive metal fence separating it from the forest trees. He’s taken aback by the tranquility of the moment; he manages to draw his eyes away and watches the familiar white fur rolling around playfully in the center of it all.
There are ruffled white bedsheets with a  heavy, embroidered brown cloak on top with Sam underneath it. He lies on the bed completely immobilized, the cloak and sheets absorbing into his large stature. His hair is clean but disheveled over his slightly bruised face, nothing excessively deep.
“But none of that matters anymore; you wouldn’t understand- even after everything I know you wouldn’t understand. I guess it is better this way, even if we found each other again it gives me a chance to do what’s right, especially for you two. I was never meant to be a part of your lives, not now- nor any time after this.”
The grey fog dispels, excessive dust and crushed cement invades your lungs and your eyes find it difficult to adjust to the clouds. Pieces of it are swimming in your eye, blinking ferociously manages to get them out but you still feel stifled by the dust cloud; your grasp is the only thing allowing you to stay calm.
“No, no it was the other guy that was with him that hurt the boss”
“I don’t expect anything Castiel- I’m just giving you a heads up that’s all. There are hungry wolves out here that may eat you to the bone- human and monster alike. So maybe it’s alright if you count on someone else for a change”
“I guess a certain blonde haired idiot rubbed off on me a little too much”
“Maybe he did, maybe he didn’t. I’m not really sure, his head was bent most of the time and I didn’t really get a good look at him if it’s the same guy” the teenager claimed “He asked about a bus station though and he went there. Is there a reason why you’re looking for the guy?”
“I have to get us out of here! I don’t know if I can but I have to try!” you whisper as you gaze upon their faces, so pale and worn out from the Ijiraq’s handiwork.
“Yeah, clearly” Sam laughs and meets Dean’s eyes “I’m glad that you…that you’re back, Dean. I know it’s hard to break through that persona but you need to be reminded time after time-you’re only human and making it hard on yourself won’t really…it’ll just hurt more, keeping all of that pain inside of you. Whatever it is we’re gonna get through this, together. I’m not leaving this time, no more leaving, okay?”
“Tsk. After all the time I invested in finding you…” he groans from the irritation collecting in his throat “Can’t you deal with your angst at a later time? With them in particular?”
“Come on, we need to get s head start on the day- and we have to deal with this thing too”
It doesn’t matter, he’ll tease them in the morning-they all need a well-deserved rest.
It was blank.
He’s fiddling with something inside his duffel bag, his eyes a bit heavy from the uncomfortable night from before. He stands underneath a covered bridge with rain pouring at every end in a town completely cut off from the world-an ideal place for him to be really. Wet grass, old withered benches and metal cans surround this part of town, all cleansed from the rain and erased with every drop drumming away the uncertainty that lingered. He finally finds a pair of gloves and starts to slide them on and looks towards the opening, considering whether it would be wise for him to walk in this downpour.
, he saw a side of him that he wasn’t fortunate enough to see under normal circumstances. There was just something about him that...
My hands were on the door and Cas was trapped between my arms, his horror stricken face just staring at me. He looked vulnerable and confused as his back was against the wooden door, even I was shocked as to what I was doing.
“I’ve been better… this song made me feel much, much better-most definitely- so uhhh… thanks, for that”
. His mind lingers over memories he didn’t have the energy to relive but would always willingly go back to even if it was tiring. He’s tired-he’s just so fucking tired of everything that surrounds him-the fissures in his scrambled mind widening continuously. I
"Are you nuts? We just agreed no more splitting up, now more than ever!” he grinds his teeth and unintentionally points his flashlight in your eyes.
, one more word to describe this man.
with the thing and even then he refused to say anything about
for five minutes?” Cas pulls away and heaves a sigh. He licks his lips and diverts his annoyed glance towards Dean, who’s chuckling at his demeanor and tries pulling him in for a kiss again, a kiss Castiel straight up refused-it hurt Dean a little more than he wanted to admit and the defeat on his face brings a smile to Cas’ flushed face “You had to ruin this by nitpicking about the most unreasonable things”
He raises his eyebrow
“Tell me again why you aren’t driving?”
“Mmm” Dean groans as he shuffles a bit, his grip never loosening “Shut that crap off” he nuzzles Cas’ nape and sighs heavily on his skin. Castiel smiles and scratches Dean’s head slowly “I’ll wear headphones” he whispers and pulls away to reach out for the wire dangling on the bedside table.
He feels lost
“Dean hates me, no doubt”
Dean bites his tongue from his scream- a noise that hurts you more as you see the blood flow rise from his gaping wound; you wince at the circular puncture and start to fiddle with the items in your jacket. You procure a full bandage and a flask and start applying pressure to the wound, something that would stop the bleeding.
Sam hated every bit of it, the constant drabble between unknown places and people, the lack of resources in general and a temperamental brother who just...it just didn't feel the same that's all. He knew how necessary it was for the both of them, it just got a little...you know.
“Cas what are you-?”
Castiel watches you with a bruised glare- his eyes squinting and his lips bitten from the remorseful silence- you feel guilt- so much
Dean stands up abruptly and turns towards Sam with his eyes blazing viciously; Sam held his ground and straightened his back, after all his height was his advantage
Both of their limp bodies breathe slowly and Bobby haphazardly slaps their faces for a response, he goes towards Castiel and checks for a pulse, something falls from his grasp but he’s least bothered about it.
-years to try and be remotely anything my parents…my
“No” Dean responds with an indignant finger pointing “He does not get involved in this whatsoever, we don’t even know if he can do that sort of crap. He-” Dean turns at the sudden touch on his shoulder; he twists with ferocity but becomes still the moment he looks at him.
"I don't want to be an outcast anymore.."
Why was he always out of the loop for these things?
“Shut up and take the dang thing” he smiles and shoves it into Castiel’s shaky hands “You’ve done so much around here…this is the least I can do. I’m due for an upgrade anyways. It just needs batteries and good frequency so nothing too complex”
“I’m not here for long; I only came because you needed me-” he lingers with his tongue, Dean’s back is facing him and he turns him around to complete his sentence “-or something of the sort?”
“Technically, I was the one who suggested not splitting up; and Dean we’ll just be wasting time going around in circles, we’ll meet up soon, I can handle it by myself from here” we hear his footsteps fade away from the barrier. Dean opens his mouth and realized that it was too late to retaliate.You see the panic in his eyes and he starts walking off in the other direction, acting defeated in his steps.
"Any luck?" He asks Sam as he clasps his hands together.
“….Never mind, I think I just hit my head a little when I woke up” Dean scratches the back of his head uncomfortably- something he’s been doing a lot these days.
"Well you're stupid enough to actually
“So what now, Crowley? Is there anything else that can be done? We know that Cas is more than capable enough to deal with those monsters but the thing is how do we stop him from doing something we know nothing about? We have very limited intel about them and the more we try to find out the farther away Cas gets from us.” Sam diverts his attention to Crowley, who’s cleaning under his finger nails with his back placed on a grey tree.
The room was very much similar to Castiel's, stucco and wooden panels all around with the exception of a large window, it was covered by thick maroon curtains and only a trickle of grey light entered the room. Dean sat beside it on uncomfortable wooden seat, his bandaged arms were crossed over his toned chest. His face looks worn out and his eyelashes bobbed with every stale twitch.
“Black things? You don’t mean?”
Crowley was no help, Sam scoffs as he scrolls through the internet for something new again- if spells and incantations weren’t able to trace him then this was the only way left-he was slowly losing it as he watches the same roads, cars, restaurant feeds play by. Out of frustration he shuts the screen and lies back in his chair as he waits for the throbbing in his head to die out. His phone buzzes on the table and he darts towards it-it was a voice message from Dean.
Until he slowly opened his eyes
“Hands where I can see them”
I hope everyone is enjoying it thus far! I intend on focusing the character development in my work and mostly the relationships they have with one another. I hope you're enjoying it so far and I'll be updating the chapters quite frequently too! There's gonna be a lot of twists in my story and I hope you'll suffer along with it. MWAHAHAHAHAH
Castiel had almost been able to accept his fate too, to live without Dean. But when he saw him, when he touched him, he felt that same magnetic pull he’d always been drawn towards. And he’d still do anything for Dean.
who am I kidding, it's just shameless smut
“I…ran into some trouble. Can’t move. You need to... come and pick me up.” Every word is more difficult than the last one, but Dean knows giving up now isn’t an option.
“I know you don’t, Cas. It’s my bad I didn’t realise, but I really am fine with it, just so you know.” Shit, what is he supposed to say in these situations? Cas is keeping his face impassive, but gradually he relaxes, and the thought passes through Dean’s mind that how many of these conversations Cas has had to go through, without ever knowing how the other person reacts.
"-an? Dean?" A frantic voice disturbed his drowning. Dean's eyelids felt heavy and he didn't want to come back.
, he thought.
“Uh, money laundering and apparently hiring paperless sex workers beyond the border. I’m not sure about the details either.” Cas looks somewhat uneasy, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
“Do you like those kind of stories? The ones with a happy ending?” He asks quietly, and Dean can only look at him. They’re standing close, side by side, and for a split second he thinks how beautiful the man looks in the half-lit room. And that’s the first time Dean realises he wants to kiss Castiel, if only for a fraction of a second, before he dismisses that idea as stupid and buries it deep inside of him, because it means nothing.
“You-you actually were serious about what you said earlier?” Cas asks disbelievingly, still looking like he’s expecting a trap to spring down on him any minute. Dean keeps holding Cas' gaze tightly, even though his own nerves want to betray him.
Getting up is a feat but he does it, feet almost tripping in the empty bottles discarded on the floor. Sam’s gonna give him shit for that one again. The thought makes the ever-present guilt flare up in his chest, tightening it uncomfortably. It isn’t fair to Sam. He just barely got his brother back and now Dean’s letting him down again. They’ve done some meager hunts to get back on track again, a vampire nest in Tulsa, a rogue Indian god and couple of rabid werewolves in the general vicinity of Colorado, and rest of the time just gathering intel on the Darkness. Their results are scarce, despite Sam’s researching skills. Staying cooped up too long in the bunker is making frustration slowly slither under Dean’s skin, and he can’t get comfortable anywhere. Getting back on the hunts feels good at least, although it felt like he and Sam sort of stumbled their way around each other first. Dean is trying his best not to shut down on his brother again, and he still sees some hesitation in his brother’s eyes when Sam looks at him. To Dean it feels like there’s an invisible wall separating them. They’ve had their fair share of piled up shit in the past, but this guilt, this living, devouring thing, has lodged deep inside of Dean and he doesn’t know how to cut it out. It all comes down to one specific thing, that he never,
“So if I stop, will it take you off my case?” Dean pinches his nose in an attempt to ease the headache, regretting he answered his brother at all. He has a way of attacking problems straight on, which Dean has always admired, but to be on the receiving end of his “we’ll fix it together”-attitude sometimes feels like he’s being bulldozed by all the hard truths he doesn’t want to hear. Sure, he’s been drinking more than usual, but it’s a lot cheaper to drown himself in alcohol than to afford a shrink.
“You are...unclean.” And he kneels unsteadily, places a trembling hand on Dean’s chest and he tries to bat it away, tries to push himself away from the man weakly, when an electric shock rips through his body, leaves his muscles twitching uncontrollably. He gasps, blindly feeling around for something he can use as a weapon,
“Fuck. My weapons. They’re...they’re still there.” Cold dread washes over Dean, and he looks at Sam pleadingly, who gives him a reassuring smile.
“You okay?” Sam asks her, eyes flicking expertly over her for any visible damage, and the nurse slowly directs her gaze on him.
“Like what?”
“Hey. That took a while. They had to slaughter the pigs for this bacon or what?” Sam opens the conversation with a sarcastic jab, investigating the contents of the bag dubiously. So, this is how he wants to play this. With Sam, it’s usually one of three options, sulk like a teenage boy, dewy-eyed heart-to-heart, or good old ignore the problem right in front of you, or in this case ignore how Dean managed to fuck this edition of Bachelor in Paradise.
“Shut up.”
“Dean! Where are you?” Sam repeats urgently, when Dean doesn’t answer right away.
"Dean, you know it's the mark, not you." A wrong choice of words. Dean had glared at him like the words of comfort were poison.
“He left me! He said he was done saving me, whatever that means. He couldn’t wait to pack his bags and say adios.” Dean raises his voice and regrets it at once, when the wound on his side sharply reminds him of its presence. Ah. He was wondering when it would start hurting.
It’s…green. Faded pictures of fat, Chinese dragons are mounted on the wall, coupled with creepy looking Chinese dolls on the counter. The room smells like mold and cheap air freshener. They both take in the decorations in stunned silence, before looking at each other.
, entails most of the features common with relationships, except there weren’t any love you’s and hand holding while walking in the beach. It had always been kinda rough,
, he thought sourly, buying Dean's favor back by doing good deeds, however angels measured them. Dean's mouth tasted like ash and piss, and he made barely noticeable, disapproving sound in his parched throat. Castiel noticed the slight movement and turned his concerned gaze to Dean.
“It’s not, uh, much, but it’s decent. This here is the living room, behind that door is the bedroom and that’s the kitchen.” Dean walks Castiel through the small apartment, leading them to the kitchen. Castiel spots the wooden kitchen table, running his fingers over the smooth surface and admiring the woodwork.
"Hi", Castiel had said quietly, not reacting to his manner of welcome in any way. A surprised smile had brightened Dean's features, chasing away the sleepiness, and he had set the gun down, relaxing on the bed.
Dean had heard the flutter of wings moments ago, but he laid motionlessly on the hospital bed, trying to forget the unwanted presence in the room. It was nighttime already, the room was quiet, with the occasional car driving past the hospital somewhere down below in the street. He had gotten out of the respirator the day before, but iv-tubes and morphine were still steadily dripping into his healthy arm. Dean was particularly glad of the latter, as the painkillers numbed his numerous aches to a level where he could actually sleep. A restless, dark sleep, but sleep nonetheless. His other hand rested useless on a raised pillow, a white cast enveloping his broken wrist. Sam had threatened to mess around and draw something fittingly dirty on the cast but despite Dean being asleep most of the time, he never made good on his threat. His kid brother was just trying to lighten him up and Dean loved him for that. Sometimes the silence in the hospital room seemed so heavy it could crush the life out of Dean when he got trapped in his thoughts and Sam was always there, like the loyal brother he was, to pick him up. Dean tried to brush it off, smile a stiff smile that must've look terrible with a half of his face in different shades of purple. Sam would smile back, completely aware that the carefully constructed facade was fake and he would try harder. And Dean loved him for that, but sometimes it was tiring and he needed to be.
Sam continues his pep talk for awhile, and Dean listens, breathing easing up little by little. Okay. He can do this. They keep talking until Sam is apparently satisfied that Dean is starting to sound like a decent human being again.
That makes Dean pause. His chest constricts painfully, what if it’s too late? He has to take a steadying breath, then another.
Piles of books had been gathered in the middle of the room, ancient tomes and modern works alike, tossed around with no regard to their value. Two dead bodies, the remaining Stynes, were lying sprawled on the floor, coloring it with symmetrical, dark red pools of blood. This was Dean. This was all Dean. Staining his own home with violence.
Dean had slowed down, but still had been trailing a line of kisses on the side of his jaw, scraping his stubble against Castiel's. He had fumbled a few buttons open, sliding his fingers under his collar and exposing the angel's neck, planting a path there with his lips, making Castiel shiver.
“Dean, I really don’t need your approval for my sexual identity.” He says it calmly, still looking deceptively neutral and Dean’s pretty sure he fucked this up royally. But how could’ve he known?
Cas looks at him, then Dean, with reluctance written across his face.
Dean blanks again. He dries himself, washes his teeth hard enough to bruise his gums. A sense of wrongness pervades through his senses, he
Castiel knows he crossed a line there, to specific things that rip apart Dean every night. Things that Castiel has tried to mend with careful, soothing fingers.
"Dean, I understand that you're angry, but I had no other choice but to take the angel tablet with me. After I broke free of their grasp, the other angels -Naomi... They were after me. They would've gone after you too if I had stayed around. The tablet is safe now, if it's any comfort to you." Castiel stood there like a man grasping at last straws, looking for any kind of forgiveness in Dean's eyes. And not finding any. Dean had to find his voice to speak, few shallow breaths coming out empty.
Talking with Castiel turns out to be both interesting and easy. He listens to every word Dean says with meticulous attention, asking him questions and sharing his own experiences humbly. They talk about nothing and everything, conversation flowing easily between them. Dean learns that Castiel’s one of the hired workers in the shelter, managing the everyday-life there. He’s also a skilled carpenter and a poet. He rarely watches tv, so he hasn’t seen any of the western classics Dean’s enthusiastic about, but he has passionate opinions about classic books. Dean lets him speak and pretends to know what he talks about. In return, Dean tells him about his job as a mechanic and how he’s practically restored his beloved car almost single-handedly. He leaves the part out about how his dad left it to him, and the part how dad had crashed it once, drunk as hell. He tells about Sam and his studies to become a lawyer, and how they used to take road trips throughout the country together.
wrong. He’d rather drown himself in the shower than face Cas right now. Taking a deep breath, he opens the door, and Cas squints at him from the bed, his hair sticking up. Panic flares deep in his gut again,
“Um, so this was apparently yesterday, and more or less the same thing has happened five days ago in Sandersville, Georgia. A teenage girl stabs two and disappears. They find her remains 20 miles out of town. And another, three weeks ago in Oregon. This time no body was found. And this is just what I’ve found so far.”
Dean’s vision momentarily swims out of focus, but he refuses to slow down, feeling his wounds more painfully with every passing second as the pain meds start to fade from his bloodstream. There’s a warm, damp patch of fresh blood on his hospital gown that makes the fabric stick to his skin, and every thump of the cast against the cold floor jars his broken ankle, but he has no time to think about that. His rapid heartbeat and sharp exhalations roar in his ears, drowning out the terrifying silence.
He almost makes it. But not quite. Dean blindly walks to the kitchen, breaks every unpacked plate and glass he can find, smashes them against the walls, shards flying everywhere. And when he runs out of breakable kitchen supplies to destroy, he breaks apart the chairs. The kitchen looks a like warzone by the time he’s done. And still, he doesn’t feel any better. Dean sinks down on the floor, amidst the splinters and the broken shards, absentmindedly wiping the wetness on his cheeks. He just feels empty.
“You KNOW? What the fuck is up with you? You’ve been teasing me about this shit like a schoolgirl ever since I mentioned his name to you. I’m
“I abandoned you. You think I abandoned you.” He speaks softly. The words cut deep, and Dean feels suddenly too exposed, ashamed how easily Cas can read him. Dean closes his eyes momentarily, lips pursed tightly together, and he needs to pull himself together
“Dean.” Cas stops him and turns him around slightly. Dean allows it, completely dumbfounded, letting Cas guide him so they’re facing each other. Cas picks the bottle from Dean’s grip gently, placing it on the floor, turning his blue, soft eyes to him, binding him on the spot. He’s helpless to do anything, when Cas cups his jaw and leans in close to press a kiss on his lips. Stunned, he lets it happen. The chaste, close-mouthed kisses crack last of Dean’s defenses, and he slowly relaxes, as Cas deepens the kiss, fingers winding up in his hair, tugging him closer. Somehow he ends up on Cas’ lap, hands on his shoulders, bracketing him in with his thighs before he can think about this too much. He breaks the kiss reluctantly, skin tingling from the scratching of Cas’ beard, smiling nervously at Cas, who looks back with nothing short of reverence.
“Oh shit, what are the charges?” Dean asks quietly, when the waiter retreats back behind the bar.
“Yeah, peachy.” Dean’s answer is clipped and weary. He’s getting tired of hearing that question. He slumps further down against the door, curling up on himself to stave the persistent cold away. His head is starting to feel a little bit clearer, and he’s able to think without the muddled cloud of exhaustion and concussion slowing him down.
"Charlie's death is on your hands!" Dean yelled, looking like it took everything he had to keep his body in control. It probably took. The corruption of the mark wasn’t subtle.
“Well, we’ll cover more ground that way,” he offers with less conviction as before. Cas purses his lips into a thin line, hiding his emotions from his face carefully. But the frustration in his stiff posture is clear to Dean. Cas has a way of expressing his feelings with miniscule shifts of his eyes and mouth, how he holds himself. It’s clear as day to Dean, but other people might mistake it for indifference.
He turns off the shower, wrapping himself in a large towel, hands trembling. He can’t forget what Cas felt like in the dream, but he can bury the whole thing, deep, somewhere where it will never float to the surface again, he
“Can I- can I come inside of you, Dean?” He asks after a few seconds, breathless.
“Well, it’s not a vacation, per se. My brother, Gabe, I’ve told you about his dealings, right?” Dean nods, glad that he was able to distract Cas that easily. “He’s facing a lawsuit and possible jail time, his business is closing down, so I need to go help him a bit. He’s not dealing with this very...maturely.” They pause for a second, when Cas’ drink gets delivered to the table.
"I hurt her real bad, Cass." Dean had said with a waver in his voice, and run his hand over his mouth, looking everywhere but Castiel. They had stood outside the bunker, Dean leaning against the Impala, as if seeking comfort from the familiar car. Castiel had shifted nervously in front of him, trying to find the other man's gaze in vain.
to, because now he wonders what it would be like-
“So how was your day?” Cas asks, raising his voice a little over the noise. Dean’s focus snaps back to Cas.
“Hey whoa, wh-what are you doing?”
Dean opens and closes his mouth, but he can’t summon the right words to keep Sam in the blind.
“Jesus Christ, you’re bleeding to death and you worry about your chastity?” Sam sounds like he’s about to lose his temper in two seconds.
“Raguel,” he starts, almost pleading. All three fix their gazes on Castiel, faces impassive. The young man’s nose keeps bleeding steadily. He doesn’t have a lot of time. “You don’t have to do this.” He hears movement behind him as Sam and Dean rise up and take their defensive positions. Immediately, all three turn to look at Dean, and the sharp tendrils of shredded grace snap and crackle in the confined space. The old man, carrying the angel blade, opens his mouth to speak.
“Are you trying to break up with me?” Dean tries to dress up his quietly simmering fear as a bad joke, because he doesn’t know what else to do.
“No! I’m working my way to apologizing to you, but I-I don’t know how to do this correctly,” Cas says hurriedly. Dean rolls his eyes and groans. This is just getting better and better.
“Fine, I’ll get the first round, so you can catch up.” Sam gets up and disappears behind a swarm of partying college boys.
“Dean.” He simply says, one word laden with all the feelings he can’t quite convey. Dean avoids his eyes, aiming for the door. The room feels like a trap again. He pauses, hand resting on the doorknob, suddenly ashamed to realize how easy it is to run away. He struggles for something to say, mouth opening and closing few times.
“I think I know, who we’re dealing with.” Both the brothers look a little sharper at that revelation, opening their mouths to speak at the same time, with questions like
"A fair fight? Against me? Is this just a game to you?!" He spat out his rage, faces inches apart, ignoring Dean's struggle against his hold when he immediately shot his hands up, snaking around his wrists, snarling, until Dean tore the angel's hands off his shirt like the touch was intolerable.
He manages to focus on Cas’ erection, even if his mouth is very distracting, flicking his hand over the head of his cock and smearing the precum over the shaft to ease the chafing. Cas gasps in his mouth, and Dean speeds up his movement fractionally, catching every quiet moan the man spills with his lips, breathing very shallowly so he’ll not miss any of them. Cas’ hips start moving on their own, rutting against Dean’s hand, but he lets Dean keep exploring on his own pace. He finds out that Cas likes when he runs his fingers over his balls, and the spot underneath the head earns him a throaty moan. Their kisses become messier, until Cas is only able to shakily breathe against his lips, mouth open and pliant, and Dean steals light kisses while he jerks him off harder. He feels the tickle of the other man’s lashes on his cheek, when Cas’ eyes flutter open and closed, and he can’t do anything but lean their foreheads together and imagine what Cas looks like when he’s about to come. Suddenly Cas shudders, his whole body locking up and thrusting in Dean’s hand when he comes with a silent whimper, a sound that goes straight to Dean’s cock. Dean jerks him off slower, hand sticky and wet, until his cock softens and he pulls his hand out, careful not to smear the cum anywhere. Cas lets out a long exhale, relaxing back on the bed, still holding Dean’s face. He caresses his cheek with his thumb absentmindedly, trying to regain his breathing. Dean can do nothing but watch and listen to him, and the whole situation is slowly starting to sink in. He’s hard as a rock, but the doubts are crawling back into his thoughts, making it harder to stay in the moment. What the fuck did he just do? He had sex with Cas, he had sex with another man-
“Is your brother like that too?” Cas has told of his brother, and he sounds like a handful. The way Cas tells it, he’s fixed up his big brother’s messes more than once, as his dealings are more on the shady side. The man sobers a little, eyes sweeping over the crowd and weighing his next words carefully.
”Dean,” Cas starts, frustrated.
Dean steps closer, circling the body. It looks like a skinny, young man, but it’s hard to tell, as there are large burns everywhere on his body, deep gashes where the bright, blue light of angel grace is seeping through. His hands and arms are almost burnt to the bone, and beside him lays an abandoned angel blade.
he adds quickly, mentally berating himself for almost forgetting to introduce himself. He doesn’t have to wait for long. The phone rings almost immediately, and Dean picks it up, suddenly nervous. What if it’s awkward, what if Castiel doesn’t want to talk to him-
“Who else? Someone’s gotta take care of you.”
Their brutal kiss ended abruptly when Dean shoved him back, licking the blood from his lips. But the look in his eyes had changed, shifted so slightly that only Castiel could read it. Lust. The shove wasn't born of need to hurt, it was an invitation for him. This dance he knew better, they had danced to it many a time, only this time they were hardly a step away from killing each other. Even though their love had never been easy, they never had actually tried to hurt each other. It was all born of trust and the bond they had that allowed them be without pretense. There was a lot of softness in there too, the little touches and looks in the midst of all that barbed wire that was their lives. It reminded the men that they belonged to each other. But violence, sex, they seemed to be all means to an end for the mark, an intense rush of pleasure and relief, and it had inevitably changed their relationship. Dean seemed like he wanted to kill him now, but more so, he
“Um, okay?” He says very slowly, clearly trying to get back on track. “Have you started seeing someone?”
After the second movie ends, Castiel stretches and gets up from the couch, swaying a little.
“Why don’t I go book us a room?” Cas suggests, sounding like he’s not ready to argue about this, already opening the door and sliding out of the car.
“Wow, okay. I was kinda expecting our usual talks, like ‘yeah it’s all cool’ and ‘we’ve had worse than this’ and all that jazz, but seems like you’ve taken quite an issue with…all of this,” he tries to tiptoe around the subject, but Sam doesn’t take his bait to joke their way out of this.
“Uh no thanks. You definitely lost some suave points like literally five minutes ago.”
“Here you go, room 5. I’ll be in room 10, if you need me for anything.” They say their goodnights, and make their way to their room, Dean guiding Castiel forward with a steady grip on his elbow. So maybe his legs are shakier than he thought, and maybe the world around him sways and blurs around the edges, but Dean seems to have caught up on that already.
“Stay”, he says, and Dean relaxes against the pillows, obeying without a fight. Suddenly the coldness of the room isn’t a problem any longer; he feels hot, blood pulsing in his veins, heart beating in his chest faster. He loves how Cas has that effect on him, after all this time they’ve been together, even after years of circling each other like cats in heat, avoiding this thing between them. Each time feels like something new, but at the same time it’s comfortable, like coming home.
“You got it, Dean.” He leaves, leaving Dean and Cas alone. Cas immediately tenses, eyes darting to the side, mapping out the room in a half-assed attempt to buy himself some time to bail.
“Yes but- I wanted to come home”, Cas says softly. Dean hears the clink of the belt buckle, and he opens his eyes groggily, blinking against the darkness and trying to see the angel’s silhouette, but in vain. The room is encaptured in total darkness.
“Thank you for your offer, but please understand.”
“Son, I don’t care, just get out there. Looks like he’s waiting for you.”
"Come on Dean, it's not like it's a secret anymore. Ain't nobody gonna get hurt by seeing you boys show some love", Charlie had chirped, looking little confused, flashing a disarming smile. Sam just had looked at Dean pointedly, probably giving some kind of signal only the brothers understood. Castiel had smiled politely in response to Charlie's comment, sitting down, but Dean had snapped his head to throw him a look of
“Yes, mostly people call me Castiel or Cassie, but actually Dean has been the first one to call me Cas.” Cas glances at him with warmth in his eyes, and Dean flushes a little.
“Yeah, and he almost crashed his car when he turned back on the highway. I convinced him to scout the place out, why waste the trip, you know? But he was freaking out about you. I promised to call once you woke up.” Dean wants to shake his head in exasperation, but that seems like too much effort at the moment. A fond feeling blooms in his chest and it softens the knotted anxiety a little. He’s settling for the latter option; it’s definitely a menace that Sam wants to meddle with their affairs. Then he sobers up quickly.
“I could.” Dean raised his hands, traced his thumb along his bloodied lower lip, smearing it with red. The other hand hovered above his throat, just out of reach.  He would not be threatened. Castiel shot his hands up so very quickly, gripping the other man’s hands, pushing him back again. Dean didn’t resist. He could’ve easily. The only reason he stood there so still was that he chose to. Castiel could feel the stain of the mark beneath his fingers, a dark and violent pulse that wanted him. How could’ve Dean ever resisted something like that, something so primal, devouring. Castiel held him in place, placed a soft kiss on lips.
Dean’s been hearing low voices for few minutes now in the next room, and he struggles to break the surface of sleep, eyelids heavy like lead. He feels oddly weightless, mouth cottony, and uncomfortably hot and feverish. He comes back to himself slowly, remembering the angel in the hospital, the pain-laden car ride and flashes of how Sam tried to lift him out of the car and carry him, but Dean’s knees kept buckling underneath him. He must’ve blacked out then. Dean’s too tired to even move a muscle, but the blaring pain in his body has dulled somewhat from before, and he can breathe deeper, without the wound constantly twinging in his side.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh”, he says, blinking owlishly.
“You wanna go steady, handsome?”
The third thing he had learned about Dean, was that he would give all of himself to the things and people he held closest to him. He had showed it countless of times with his actions, the selfless sacrifices, the caretaking. The loyal big brother, the dedicated friend, now the lover that would bleed his heart out for him. The hunter had always been rough around the edges and lacking the softness of his brother, but there were moments when his facade slipped and he let his affection shine through.
“Nope. Change the tune, Sammy.” Dean glares at his brother, and Sam sighs in defeat.
He’s baffled and overjoyed that Dean was the one who had had a change of heart and was willing to let Castiel back into his life. There’s still a small part that wonders if this is okay. If they’re able to go back to the way things were before. It’s been a long time since they had any type of normalcy in their relationship, and he wonders, if they are even able to find that precarious balance again. These doubts come and go, but he finds solace in observing the fidgety hunter, taking stock of how his fingers drum nervously against his thigh, playing with the angel blade absentmindedly. Dean’s eyes find his, and they crinkle up in a little smile. And Castiel realizes that it really doesn’t matter, because he would still do everything and anything for him, either way.
Dean faintly sees the man straighten up, body shaking like he’s given his all, and then suddenly there’s a squelching sound and blood and gore showered on his clothes and face,
“Something on your mind?”
The second thing Castiel had learned about Dean was that he could get uncomfortable with their closeness sometimes. When they had been alone, Dean was usually the one who initiated touch. Castiel had allowed him that from the beginning, letting Dean set the pace, never wanting to overstep his bounds, as Dean could back away fast when their intimacy became too much. It had been an intricate dance, following the other man's little nuances and hidden meanings under his often gruff speech, and reacting accordingly. Castiel still felt like he failed a lot in that account, which always reminded him of the fragility of their relationship, when Dean shut himself from him or wanted to be left alone.
“No Cas, give me your best shot. It’s better I let you leave and it never worked out between us, right?” Dean works up some anger into his tone, glaring at the angel.
Sam and Dean may be good at a lot of things, but they’ve never been efficient in their clumsy attempts to tear down the iron curtains hiding their painful memories. “Hey, let’s just talk this through”, is not an option for them, and they have to be under extreme duress to even breach the subject. Instead they skirt and dance around each other, trusting that one meaningful look exchanged, flicker of smile or brotherly slap on shoulder is enough to bury the skeletons. And somehow, they’ve dragged Castiel down in the mud with them, leaving all three equally hopeless to solve their own problems. Which has been all fine and dandy up until the moment they’ve all sat down together in the kitchen for the first time in God knows how long, and every second feels like that there’s a pack of dynamite ready to blow up at any second.
"Is that bad?"
“I think he’s…um, cutting out parts of himself, and of his grace. I’ve never heard of anything like it, but that’s what I felt, and it explains the noise- I mean the dissonant feeling I’ve been having before every attack. It’s…extremely painful, and a very slow way to die, because that way one keeps shattering their essence, piece by piece.”
“I’d rath…rather not be conscious for that,” Dean huffs, trying for nonchalant humor and failing, hard.
“Hello, I’m Castiel. It’s good to finally meet you, Sam.”
“I was born re-“ they start lifting him slowly and rest of the sentence cuts off abruptly. Snappy comebacks become irrelevant, when he can’t do nothing but try to hold on to his fading consciousness, as they move and lower him down to the chair. Everything becomes gray, static, terrible pain. Dean feels his body slump forward and he’s helpless to stop it, but steady hands grab him and keep him from falling off. Sam and the nurse speak, but it’s too muffled and garbled to understand, and there’s a loud ringing in his ears. His breathing is heavy. He inhales. Exhales. Inhales. Exhales. Rinse and repeat. He’s faintly aware that they’re moving through the dark corridors.
“Thanks Dean. I just don’t consider it to be such a grandiose thing, so forgive me you didn’t get the the rainbow flags and queer pride intro. I date who I want, but since I rarely date, I don’t think it’s a big deal or anyone’s business.” His words are sharp, but he softens them with a smile, but something in his expression tells that he’s quite ready to ditch this subject for now. Dean nods in understanding and struggles to find anything intelligent to say.
“Dean,” Castiel starts hesitantly. Dean hums in response, coming back with a small, wet hand towel. He kneels again and starts wiping the blood off Castiel’s face. He seems more like himself now, like maybe he had needed this, to be needed.
“Dean?” Sam asks with a small voice, frozen in place, pale as a sheet. He’s gripping his gun like a lifeline. Dean realizes how this must look for Sam, the blood-spattered walls and floor, his brother lying on the floor, soaked in blood.
“I don’t think that’s current news, Sam. Comes with the package.” Dean tries to dodge Sam’s question, because trust him to be so transparent that his brother can read him like an open book. Sam sighs heavily. Dean’s constant self-blame is a subject that Sam has tried to approach many times, and it always makes him clam up faster than shell. Sam means good, but no amount of talking can fix the things he has fucked up. The only way Dean knows to handle this, is just to barrel forward, trying to evade the voices that keep saying that he didn’t do enough, he should’ve been better, how he failed. It’s like navigating in a minefield. You never know what step might trigger the onslaught.
Everything around him fades into the distance, and it takes a moment to register that Sam asked him a question. He’s mostly just stuck on the fact that Dean’s okay, relatively, and they aren’t in immediate danger. Helpless rage begins to simmer in his gut. Dean got hurt again and he wasn’t there to help them.
. Cas texted him, saying that he found a perfect restaurant for them. Not a diner, not a burger joint, but an actual restaurant. It must’ve been years, since Dean visited a finer establishment and that was because he wanted to impress Lisa on their first date. A lot of good that did, when she broke up with him three years later. He’s not particularly trusting, when it comes to Cas’ ideas, given what he’s sometimes trying to feed Dean, but at this point he thinks he’d be willing to eat raw pasta to survive.
“Horndog?” Cas breaks the moment with his innocently placed question, voice only slightly betraying his need. Dean huffs out a breath of laughter. Clearly he’s not doing enough, if Cas has enough functioning braincells to ask stupid questions. He amps it up, fingers ghosting over the slick head, enjoying the way Cas inhales sharply, his whole body twitching.
“You want something? You can just ask for my fingers, Dean.” He doesn’t reply, just inhales sharply when the tip of Cas’ index finger briefly slips inside of him, before slipping back out. There are still things that are hard to ask, and he’s weighing whether it’s easier to comply with Cas’ request to beg or voice his own slight uncomfort, but Cas clocks his lack of response almost immediately, pulling back to watch him, a slight frown on his face.
”I’ll be there in five minutes. Hold on.” Sam tries to sound like he’s not freaking out, but Dean knows better. He closes his eyes, a knowing smile tugging at his lips.
he types, hesitates a moment before sending out the text.
They had always feared this. About going too far. It shouldn't have come as a such shock and surprise, but all the talk and anticipation can't always prepare you, when you're actually faced with the reality of it. Dean had talked about it. He had told them to be ready, ready to do what must be done. They had seen glimpses of what the mark could make Dean become, but always blindly hoped for the best. They just didn't want see the monster inside him.
“Not by a long shot. That’s why I said I think about it”, he replies, offering Dean an actual, terribly unsubtle wink that scrunches up half of his face, and somehow it manages to look very dorky and adorable at the same time and Dean can’t help but laugh warmly at his friend.
“You’re right, Dean. I lied to you and I’m sorry. I should’ve told you about Cas, but I was afraid how you’d react. But it wasn’t my place to make decisions for you.” Sam hesitantly lifts his gaze, searching eyes for forgiveness. Dean feels the hard edges of his fury start to soften and melt away.
“It felt like a…husk. Like it took all of angel’s power to just keep his body running. They’re jumping from body to body because they can’t access their true vessels. And they…they keep burning through them…but why?”
“Yeah, thanks for the coffee and you know, the talking. It’s really nice to do that, once in a while.” He stands up, shuffles awkwardly, wondering how to make his exit. Castiel looks at him, smile fading and Dean can see he’s thinking, face all serious.
And he misses both the hard and the easy parts. Dean’s angry outbursts every time he got frustrated with Castiel or simply because he got insecure. Learning the subtle cues that comes from knowing the other person intimately. There’s only a fraction Castiel has managed to understand, he feels, like how Dean’s whole body seems to hum with restless energy, when he’s in a good mood, or how the lines around his mouth tighten, when he’s barely to refrain himself from snapping at somebody. How his pupils dilate and breathing deepens, when he wants Castiel. Figuring out sex. Castiel only started to understand what’s the fuss about, when he made Dean come the first time, and he thought,
“Got mauled by a mutant freak. He stabbed me, broke my ankle.” Dean forces his voice to steady. Sam needs to see him holding on. He already feels so powerless just lying down on the floor, with barely enough strength to move his arms. Standing up is going to be a bitch.
Waiting seems like the hardest part for all of them. Castiel sits on a worn-down chair, his attention tuned into the energies around the place. He’s the only safety measure they have against Raguel, and he’ll know exactly the second when someone will set foot within perimeter he’s made. They’re pretty much going to this fight blindly, as every sigil and item they have in their possession will just hinder Castiel as much it’ll hinder Raguel, also ruling out traps.
“Dean, you can’t blame yourself for his death.” Cas speaks over his frantic confession, never raising his voice, just easing his way towards Dean, like he’s about to shatter any moment.
"I can't keep that promise, Cass." Dean had finally said, and his anger had been replaced with defeat, tarnishing his voice and leaving his posture that of a broken man.
"Dean, come on. Wake up, man." Sam. Sam's voice drifted in and out of Dean's focus, but he started reluctantly climbing back to conscience, feeling his brother's warm hands on his shoulders, grounding him to this existence. He let out a small sound that was meant to be reassuring to his brother,
Waking up next to someone is weird, when you’re not actually sleeping with them, especially since it’s been a while since he shared a bed with someone. Dean would never admit it out loud, but lazy morning snuggles are one of his favorite things, so it feels so out of place to feel someone shuffling in bed and getting up without saying any good mornings to him. Luckily he didn’t do anything weird in his sleep, like try to spoon Cas.
He jerks back, not violently, but just enough to dislodge Cas’ hand.
Castiel states over the line, sounding surprised and pleased.
“You should keep applying that,” Sam waves at the bottle vaguely, returning to his phone.
“Um, maybe-”, Dean starts, not really sure where he was going with this, but Cas plows on, not giving him a chance to defend himself.
Dean thinks or mouths the words aloud, he’s not sure. He covers his ears, the shrill sound drowning out his own gasps. A bright blue light illuminates the whole corridor and blinds him momentarily. The scream dies down. Instinctively shielding himself, Dean twists around, and when the darks spots fade from his vision, he sees probably the most welcome sight in his entire life – Sam and the tip of the angel blade sticking out the angel’s chest, and the last, flickering remains of the divine light in her eyes, until it dies down. Sam pulls the blade back with a squelch and the frail body of a woman crashes on the floor.
“All leads might be crucial, Mrs. Mannings. Was your husband acting strange in the past days or weeks?” Dean asks the routine questions without any gusto behind the words. This sounds like a routine hunt. A rogue angel or angels, lure and bag them. Big deal. He doesn’t get why Sam and Cas got their knickers in a bunch over this.
Prepare thyselves for bamf!Cas. And some sappy things.
“They don’t have wings, so it’s impossible to travel those distances so quickly. Some of the murders have been happening in a very short span of time,” Castiel shrugs. Sam nods in agreement. Castiel feels grateful for his silent support. In everything, especially in the way he has supported Dean’s and Castiel’s rocky relationship right from the beginning. He’s probably the reason they managed to wade through some difficult times and still stay together.
Dean yanks his hands off Cas' jacket like it’s on fire, diving straight for his belt, almost ripping the buckle off in his haste. Cas' hands end up gripping his neck, winding in his hair, pulling him closer for an open-mouthed, sloppy kiss. Fuck, Cas tastes like bitter coffee and it’s so intoxicating Dean wants to lick the taste off his lips, his mouth. He tries to fumble the zipper open between the hungry kisses, grinding himself against Cas, feeling them both start to harden against each other. The drawer wobbles beneath them, uneven legs knocking on the floor, and Cas sighs in his mouth when finally, Dean manages to free his cock from the uncooperative clothes. He runs his thumb along the hardened flesh, relishing the small sounds Cas makes, before he starts jerking Cas in quick, hurried movements, without any further plan than to see the angel come apart in his hands, trying to get some friction on his neglected erection at the same time. His body pulses with need, a rapid heartbeat thundering in his ears, drowning out the shaky panting, lips moving on flushed skin.
“You took your time.” His voice is nothing but a dry rasp, and he clears his throat. Cas' eyes flicker on the bruises on Dean’s face, and his hand twitches nervously. His eyes are sorrowful, the bright blue of them veiled, barely showing through.
"I would never leave you. And I will never leave you again." Castiel spoke so surely Dean envied his conviction. Angels had no reasons to cover their truths with masked lies, with them uncertainty played no part. They had never really talked about this, how far where they willing to go for each other, not even in mention, so Dean was quite shook by his words. He could've imagined Sam saying those words to him, but not anyone else.
“Everything good?”
He stops to reel his last encounters with Cas, replaying every angry remark and the open hurt Cas expressed in response and it all just…falls into place. And he feels like the biggest asshole of the universe.
For a few seconds there’s nothing but oppressive silence. Castiel grips his blade tighter, eyes trained to the door, and he waits, unmoving. His nerves almost betray him, and he wants to glance back and find reassurance in Dean’s presence. But then there’s a massive shockwave blastíng through the door, sharp splinters raining down on them, and Cas flinches, shielding himself from the explosion. In its’ wake, three figures enter the room. One’s a middle-aged woman who looks like she got lost during a shopping trip, carrying a pair of large scissors, the second a young, dark-haired man carrying a crowbar, slow rivulets of blood running freely from his nose, and the third one is an older man, who enters last, the silver glint of an angel blade catching Castiel’s eye.
“So, jack squat on Rowena as well?” Dean directs their attention elsewhere, fixing his eyes on his brother sharply. Sam just blinks in surprise, like Dean caught him doing something inappropriate.
“You look so good like this, Dean. You feel good.” Cas’ voice is wrecked, and judging by the throbbing of his cock and the damp spot in his boxers against Dean’s thigh, he’s pretty far gone too, allowing himself to slowly rub against him. He grinds his hips against Cas’ fingers, encouraging him to go faster and at last the angel complies without a fuss, speeding his movements, finding that sweet spot inside of him that lights up every nerve in his body. Dean’s neglected cock pulses, leaking against his stomach, and he grabs it, starts jacking himself off roughly, breath stuttering.
“We need to hide ourselves from the angels for the time being. Don’t worry, it comes off. And then I’m gonna stitch you up.”
“Sam,” he chokes, voice lacking any strength.
“Dean? Where are you?” Sam sounds hesitant, like he knows something isn’t right but isn’t able to pinpoint the problem yet.
“You have to understand, his original purpose was to keep law and order, to punish those who are wicked. He was well respected, feared even. And now he’s broken and mutilated, cast down into this…place he has no knowledge and understanding of. I think he’s just trying to give himself a purpose again, responding to imperfect, faulty souls by trying to judge them, albeit he’s lost his reason, and these are just horrible crimes.”
“Jesus Sam, I know I haven’t dated in a while, but I haven’t like, switched teams, you know.” Sam holds up his hands as a placating gesture, trying to ease Dean’s defensiveness.
“Dean, we’ve acted on less. If Cas says it’s angels, I believe him.”
“Nothing to apologise for'', Cas says, letting go of Dean’s hand and rising from the bed to lift the covers, sliding underneath them, right next to him on his side. He splays his hand over Dean’s chest, the covers pooling around his waist, revealing his bare, unblemished skin.  “I’m sorry I missed your birthday.” Dean turns his head, catches the rueful look on Cas’ face.
“Dean-“
“-an? Dean?” He fights to open his eyes groggily, when Sam’s insistent asking pierces through his muddy conscience.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on, you can flirt later, we still have some actual work to do.”
he recalls glumly. But Sam is god knows where and hopefully okay, so Dean’s alone in this. Phantom itch throbs in his right arm suddenly, and for a heartbeat, he wishes he still had the Mark.
“He asked for my help, Dean. Our help.” He looks at Dean helplessly.
“This is pointless. You can’t stop me.” Castiel speaks in a low voice, and hardly able to look at the other man, he starts making his way through the library, legs heavier than lead. Dean rounds up on him from the other side of the table, face pale with anger underneath the freckles, stopping in front of the angel.
“Dean, please. It doesn’t have anything to do with dad, does it? You’ve been so closed-off about his death this whole time, and you’ve barely accepted help from me in anything, but you didn’t have to deal with everything by yourself. And last night, you looked like my comment about dad had personally stabbed you in the gut before you took off.” Sam, as usual, has proven to be too perceptive, cornering Dean effectively. Dean sighs again, searching futilely for answers from the bottom of his coffee mug. He’s too tired to fight this. He pauses for a long while, the last of his resolution cracking easily as eggshells.
“You’re clearly not okay-”
Sam sheds a few tears when they lower the coffin into the ground. He does almost it imperceptibly out of habit, convulsively swallowing and blinking furiously next to Dean. Dean shuffles closer and squeezes his shoulder quietly, and Sam nods as thanks, shakily exhaling his grief. He stares at the coffin, unblinking and unseeing, and Sam steps forward first to sprinkle the first handful of damp soil onto the black, wooden surface. Dean’s suffocating, unable to breathe under this intense pain that throbs in time with his heartbeat. Jaw clenching, he bids his farewell wordlessly.
"I missed you when I was gone", Castiel had offered, testing the atmosphere, entwining his fingers with Dean.
“You gotta know what I’m talking about”, he mutters, blood rushing to his cheeks.
“You think I liked to watch him slowly killing himself? You think it was sunshine and rainbows picking him up from bars, half-passed out? I’m the one, who always had to clean up after him, deal with his drunken rage, watch him make promises he could never keep.” Dean’s not sure where the sudden outburst is coming from, but it’s bubbling beneath his skin, making his voice thinner. It’s making him sound more desperate.
“Yeah, thanks”, Dean mumbles, stretching his neck, sort of feeling like he maybe overreacted about the situation. They’ve never really bickered about things, and it feels weird to have that negative tension between them. He wonders if Cas already regrets the decision to go traveling with him. He really hopes not. Dean watches Cas retreat inside, walking somewhat stiffly, before he gets out of the car himself and hauls their bags out of the trunk. The long drive has left him exhausted and he’s ready to crawl into bed the second they’ll get inside their room. Soon Cas emerges, dangling a set of keys from his fingers and flashing a brief, smile at him.
