"I pick-pocketed your Oyster card when I hugged you."
"Well that's different, it's not relevant to the work." Sherlock flaps his hand in dismissal. "Besides, how am I expected— " Sherlock stops mid-sentence. John's stomach sinks. Sherlock never stops in the middle of a sentence. Ever.
Lestrade gives a nervous huff of laughter, running his palms along the top of his trousers. "You owe me another one then."
From then on, he found himself drifting further and further away until he stopped contacting them altogether. He could have been dead, for all they knew. He very nearly was.
After what feels like an hour, but in reality was only half the time, he steps out of the shower. His hands reach to the left on instinct- to where the towel rack normally is in 221B. He panics for a second, thinking he’s forgotten a towel- but Mrs Hudson has left one in the bottom of the bag for him. He should really let that woman know how much he appreciates her.
Lestrade gives a perfunctory nod and leads John over to the body.
John's smile doesn't quite reach his eyes. He very much doubts they would.
"Hello?!" He tries again, taking a step forward, only to find that the desert is gone. Instead, he is standing in the ruins of a building; the ground scorched black around him. He drops his hand to his thigh, noting the charred, peeling wallpaper, and the husks of burnt furniture surrounding him.
"Have you been following me?" John asks, trying to keep the relief out of his voice. He really doesn't know the man, he has no reason to feel that way.
"I'll be seeing you around, Dr Watson." He says enigmatically, before disappearing into the crowd.
"Well, let's be glad you did otherwise this would be a completely different situation. I think we'll leave that part off the report though, given the circumstances."
"Turns out you actually need to pay rent, which is, uh, inconvenient." John gives a nervous laugh; a half-hearted attempt to lighten the situation.
(See the end of the chapter for
John nods, once, turning to look out of the window at the passing cars.
"Glad we've settled that." A waiter heads in their direction, greeting Sherlock in what John thinks is Italian; he's never been particularly good at languages. To his surprise, Sherlock answers effortlessly, smiling up at the man with a warmth that only comes from old acquaintances.
"Bless you, you've lasted longer than most of them." She places her other hand on his cheek, brushing away a tear. "Here, I'll make it easier for you," She cuts faster, pushing further and further into the skin, her eyes widening with each new cry that escapes John's mouth.
“You want it to?” Harry interrupts, a wicked smile hanging from her lips.
Tentatively, he takes a step towards the bedroom, but the moment his foot touches the ground he's back in the scorching desert, blind heat beating relentlessly down. He squints against it, bringing his hand back up to shield his face, and something moves in the distance. A black shape, peering above one of the hills.
There are four different articles on chemicals and their forensic uses: two about poisons, one on perfume, and one on household cleaning fluid. A special interest in chemistry, perhaps. There are articles about the human body and corpse decay — but these are far fewer. Sherlock clearly has no qualms about maintaining human dignity and judging by the language he's used, John would say Sherlock has conducted experiments on the bodies himself. Clearly not squeamish then, or with any particularly strong moral code. Where would he get the body parts? John gets stuck on that question for ages. Nowhere in the articles does it say what lab Sherlock uses, or whether he is affiliated with a particular hospital. John is about to call it a day when he discovers the comments section. He scrolls through — they are mostly people commenting on his scientific process or commending him on his findings — but there, a few pages down:
They pull apart, and John tries to smile like he's just greeted an old friend. He's not sure it doesn't look like a grimace, but the man smiles back all the same.
"He’s not — I don't think that's all of it." he says to the floor. He bites his tongue before he can say anything more. Sherlock had confided in him, gentle murmurings across the pillow, that he only experiences attraction to people he knows — people he shares a strong connection with. And since many don’t bother looking beyond the carefully crafted wall, his so-called ‘sociopathic’ defence, very, very few ever get as far as John has. John wants to correct Lestrade, remind him that sex isn’t something that everyone freely gives and takes, but he refrains, not knowing whether the DI is privy to those details about Sherlock’s life.
"So, what do you think?" He asks, taking a sip.
Lestrade gives a single nod, shoving his hands into his pockets as Sherlock hails for a cab.
“Thank you, Sherlock.” They stay in silence for a few moments, both watching the steady rise and fall of John’s chest. If it weren’t for all the tubes and wires, he’d look quite peaceful, lying there.
"You don't even know what I was going to say."
“Baker Street. Now.”
They stay in silence on the cab ride over, pointedly not looking at each other, and Sherlock jumps out of the vehicle the minute it stops, leaving John to pay. Sherlock stays three strides ahead as they walk to the crime scene, deliberately not lifting the tape for John. His shoulder twinges as he lifts it over his head, but he hides the flinch from his face, not wanting to admit to Sherlock that it had been hard. It's only once they're fully on the scene John realises that it's only been days since the last one.
"Being unhelpful. I feel like I've been more of a distraction these past few days."
He has an interview in the afternoon — a general practitioner position at a clinic in Camden. He's wholly overqualified, but there seems to be nowhere else that will take him. Veteran surgeons aren't in high demand.
"He's with me."
He hangs up dramatically, throwing the phone back onto his chair and whisking the laptop back from under John's nose.
"No, sorry. That's all I saw."
He sits and talks to John for an hour, barely pausing for breath, narrating every thought that comes into his head. Plans of how to best Moriarty; a detailed description of what’s happening in John’s body; everything that passes through his head gets spoken aloud. He stops only when his throat becomes sore and scratched. They sit in silence then, Sherlock holding onto John’s hand as if he can push his own life force into him.
"Did he work out your life story just by looking at you?" Lestrade asks, leaning an elbow on the table and scratching his temple.
Soon, only Sherlock and John remain. Sherlock reluctantly places his glass of wine on the counter and steps towards the table. He glances up, only to double-take at the expression on John’s face. He can’t quite place it, this deep melancholy settling under his eyes. John notices Sherlock watching, and the look disappears as quickly as it had arrived.
“I was so alone, John. I owe you so much. Please- one more miracle for me. Please, don’t die.”
Sherlock stands and walks over to John's chair. He crouches in front of the doctor, taking John's hands in his own, running a thumb over his palms to relax the muscles. John hadn't realised how hard he was clenching them until his fists are released, sending waves of relief along his wrists.
Sherlock enters the room as quietly as he can. Mrs Hudson turns to look as he walks through the door, her eyes red with tears.
For the first time that evening, Sherlock feels his eyelids become heavy; his mind settled. There are still a thousand questions rushing through his brain, but they are slower- easier to identify and file away in his mind palace. He reaches across the bed and wraps his fingers around John’s, bringing their hands up to his lips and brushing the ghost of a kiss across John’s knuckles. The doctor’s eyes flutter closed; smile still perched on the edge of his lips; the echo of a gentle squeeze on Sherlock’s palm. There is the mutual understanding that whatever this is, whatever place they are both falling to, they are doing it together. There is no rush— no grand declarations of love or frenzied kisses in the stairwell, only the gentle agreement to follow each other wherever this leads. Sherlock knows, as he drifts slowly into the arms of sleep, that as long as he has a say, a hero’s death will not await them both.
She sets the pint in front of him, foam dripping down the side of the glass, and he walks away from the bar before she gets any other ideas. The beer is cold against his lips, and he feels his shoulders relax at the first sip.
"You're a doctor. You've seen plenty of death — your insight on the case would be invaluable to me."
"We need to see where she lives. There's a photo of her girlfriend as her phone background, we might as well speak to her. I doubt she knows anything, but it's worth being sure. We might be able to pinpoint why she was in the area." He pulls his phone out and starts typing in the address, not pausing to stop as he walks past the observing pair. Lestrade sighs as he follows, stopping on one side of the tape whilst Sherlock holds it up for John to pass to the other.
"Right, well. We'll head over to the girlfriend's this afternoon, once Scarlett's been processed. I'll let you know when we're heading over and you can interview her." The shadow of disgust is still painted across Lestrade’s face as he turns and walks away.
"Dinner?" Sherlock finally asks, plastering a look of innocence on his face that isn't fooling anyone.
"But I'm here, isn't that enough?"
They chat aimlessly for an hour, mostly Lestrade gushing about his daughters, but at some point, they discover their mutual appreciation for rugby and Neil Gaiman novels. They disagree which is the best book, but come to the conclusion that the recent television adaptation is a favourite of theirs.
He turns to the source of his name; a grey-bathed woman on the far side of the room. The blue of her lanyard stands out brightly against the dull colour of her dress.
It's not an admission of defeat, not quite, but John doesn't miss the weary tone in his voice.
I must have fallen asleep at some point because before I know it I’m opening my eyes to the bright light of morning, my phone discarded in the sheets next to me. The call is still running. Five hours — shit. That’s going to cost me a fortune. I rub the sleep from my eyes and say his name into the microphone, wondering if he’s been listening this whole time. No-one replies, but I can make out the sounds of shallow breaths. He must be asleep.
“Do you need a lift to the station?”
John glances around him before walking further into the ally, scanning the tarmac for any sign that someone could have died here. Sure enough, the middle of the road is a little brighter than the edges — dust lifted from excess scrubbing. John squats down to take a closer look, running his finger along the tarmac in the hope that it will reveal its secrets. He feels it then — the heavy presence of death in the air. He's not sure if it's a natural phenomenon, or merely a trick his brain does to fill in space, but the air becomes thick and hot around him. It pushes on his skin; clogs up his lungs.
"You never asked me if I killed him."
A warm smile spreads across John’s face, and Sherlock’s heart stutters. Shit. Forget being interested in the possibility of a relationship, he’s already fallen far harder than expected. The question is merely what to do about it. He’s not sure if he’s quite ready to make the leap just yet— to close the gap between them and jump headfirst into the space beyond friendship. There’s trepidation in John’s face, and Sherlock is almost sure that he’s seeing a reflection of his own thoughts.
Should probably clarify that this is just a new skull, Sherlock is FINE!! Only fluff allowed here!
"I'll let them know you're here. If you make your way into the waiting room to your right, someone will come down to collect you soon."
"What do you think?" Sherlock asks. There's a bite in his voice, and it makes something inside John wither. He gives the body a brief once over, checking for correlations to the others, before stepping back again.
He lies there for a while, waiting for the pain to ebb, each breath shattering his lungs. He could lie here forever, if he wanted. Forget the room, forget Sherlock — he could lie here in the ashen remains of 221B forever, safe in his isolation. If he never moves, no-one can hurt him. He'd be safe here.
"Why would they use the same profile? Surely you'd want to use different accounts, so it couldn't be traced back to you."
"Can you tell us anything else about the victim?" Lestrade asks, pushing the photo back into the folder and closing it up.
“I’ll do my best.”
Lestrade sits back heavily in his chair, rubbing at his face with his hand.
“I’ll be home tomorrow.”
Sherlock's eyes soften a little in understanding. Not another genius, just well researched.
"It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me."
"What did he look like?"
"So, Greg, What do you do when you're not running after the world's only consulting detective?"
The woman frowns.
"Murphy was at Rupert Street the night he died, is there a connection there?"
Nervousness eats at my stomach all the way in the cab from London Bridge and as I walk up Baker Street, still unsure as to how to move forward. The doubt starts creeping up at me again, but I push it away. At this rate, Sherlock will read this on me before I even have a chance to open my mouth.
The stranger stops in his tracks, his coat fluttering with the motion. His eyes dart back and forth over John's body, seemingly taking in every detail. John pulls his shoulders in, suddenly feeling very exposed.
When he wakes again, Sherlock is not alone. Before he opens his eyes, he is aware of the soft sound of voices surrounding him, but they stop before he can make out what they are saying.
Lestrade smiles into his beer.
“Maybe it was both.”
"What's brilliant?"
"No, you weren't."
“Speaking of family,” Mrs Hudson breaks the spell, “Has Harry been yet?”
"We've been looking for a connection in the wrong place. They all had Blaze downloaded, but none of their dates were the same. What if it wasn't the dates?" Sherlock tears his hands from John's hair and leaps from the coffee table. "What if they just matched with someone, but never spoke to them? It happens plenty of times, people too scared to make the first move. There would be no trace, nothing to tie them to the victims."
The killer is starting to get cocky.
He can't stay. He's never settled. He might be safe, alone and broken on the floor, but he doesn't have
"I'm going to check it out, if you want—" Sherlock sighs, running a hand through his hair. "Please come."
“John, we have to help her.” Right. The fucking plan.
"Finally, I've been up for hours."
“Why you?”
The bed beside him is cold when John wakes up. He smiles into the pillow, breathing in the lingering scent of Sherlock's ridiculously expensive shampoo, before peeling himself out of bed. Once he's showered and dressed, he pads down the corridor into the living room, greeted by 6 ft of naked consulting detective sat cross-legged on the coffee table. The wood bows under his weight, and John wonders how soon it will be before the table gives out from Sherlock's mistreatments.
"I'm not overreacting."
John pulls a notebook from his pocket, scribbling strings of words together, trying to find the title for the case. Now it's almost solved, he's ready to pull together his fragments of notes into a coherent blog post. Hopefully, after this one they'll have a break, giving him time to write the whole thing down.
“Every. Single. Thing”
“You could come home.” He says this very matter of factly, as if he couldn’t care less, but I hear the slight drop in his voice that says otherwise. I’m scared that I imagined it, that my desperation for some sort of a sign is making me hear things.
For almost the entire two hours, he runs Sherlock's words over in his head, trying to work where they went wrong. He spins himself into circles, working through the same problems over and over again, and by the time it hits quarter-past six, he's not made any headway.
"You had a profile?" Sherlock asks, redundantly.
Sherlock stays awake for days, rifling through the paperwork and trying to find a connection. 221B becomes a bomb site of files; the floor an assault course to navigate. Everything seems to belong in a very specific place, and John quickly learns to leave it alone, preferring to make tea and act as a soundboard for Sherlock's deductions. So far, he seems to have established the victim's normal patterns, the day jobs they had and any regular standing appointments. To John, they seem like completely independent people; other than the initial gym lead there is nothing substantial that connects them.
You look at me like I'm all you want
“You underestimate yourself. Anyway, you help people. I solve people’s murders, you save their lives.”
“More or less. They still want to question us about Moriarty, and technically John’s still under arrest for punching the chief superintendent, but I’m sure Mycroft will have that cleared up soon.”
The flat is dark when he lets himself in. The stairs sound loud in the darkness, and he winces at each one, knowing for certain that Sherlock will be able to hear him coming back. The living room is empty, and John hovers by the kitchen, trying to decide what to do. He's not ready to talk yet. He's still fuming, and he's not entirely sure that he won't say things he'll regret if they try and finish the argument now.
"Impressive."
“What are you thinking?”
"Hey," John calls out, his voice sounding loud in the semi-darkness. Sherlock gives a soft grunt in reply. "Look, can we talk?"
They arrested a James Walker on the morning of the 20th. As it turns out, he had been selecting victims during the train journey on his evening commute, and following them home. The strange key found on the first victim was a souvenir from the last; each body had an item on them from the last person he’d killed. John needed to remind Sherlock frequently that whilst he might find that idea ‘neat’, it was not appropriate to announce that to the yard.
Lestrade meets him in the foyer, looking exactly as Sherlock feels. When it becomes clear that Sherlock isn’t going to stop for him, he starts moving with him, half jogging to keep up with Sherlock’s long legs.
“What was that about?” Sherlock asks as Lestrade pushes the button for the fourth floor.
It's a Sunday morning before they see each other in person again. John wakes to a flurry of messages, one after the other.
As ever, thank you so much to my wonderful beta and prompt supplier, ChaserJinx8065.
"Sherlock, I don't know what to tell you. I haven't used it since we met. I'll delete it later."
Lestrade leads him down the road to the back of the yard. The pub is tucked into the side of a building; its gold lettering dull against the black paintwork. Lestrade holds the door open for John, and he makes his way over to join the queue at the bar.
The idea for this advent calendar was something my parents did for eachother a few years ago. I thought it was adorable, and definitely something John would do
Sherlock grins, apparently having found what he was looking for. He spins the laptop around so John can read it, reaching into the pocket of his blue robe for his phone. The laptop is open at the government statistics website; an article on census information that John isn't sure of its relevance.
"Which bar were you at?"
"I didn't kill him." Sherlock's voice is a gentle rumble in the darkness, and John can't help but feel reassured by it, even knowing he shouldn't.
I clench and unclench my jaw, the headache already forming at my temples. Is it not enough that I’ve been lied to? That I’ve been lost for months, trying to understand the emotional conflict in my head, only to find that I’ve been used the whole time? Do they have to keep kicking me, flaunting their intelligence?
“Who knows. She’s gone, for good.”
“I’m sorry we’re not allowing visitors to Mr. Watson at this time-“
“Yes. Glad we’ve settled that-“
“He’s at St Mary’s hospital, I assume?”
John goes to speak but is interrupted by a doctor coming to check John's vitals. Sherlock tries to move his hand, but John squeezes his wrist again, so he stops. John closes his eyes for most of it, overwhelmed with a sudden wave of fatigue, although all he has done is sleep for god knows how long. John knows he should let himself; his body is still healing, but there is a nagging fear in the back of his mind that if he lets himself go, this will all be a dream. He'll wake up back in the desert/Baker Street hybrid, and Sherlock will be gone again.
“Jesus,” Lestrade curses. Sherlock agrees. In all of their time together, he’s never seen John this bad. It makes his heart sink. He had secretly been hoping, against all the evidence, that John would have magically awoken by the time they arrived. They could laugh about what had happened, and start planning a way to free themselves of Moriarty for good.
He settles himself on the floor in the clear island of space between the chaos. He can't understand Sherlock's organisational system, but he reads through the papers nearest to him. He can't kid himself that he'll see something Sherlock hasn't already, but he's curious as to how far the detective has got. Something snags in the back of his mind, but he can't place his finger on what it is. It's on the tip of his tongue, threatening to break free from his lips, but his mind can't quite focus on the words.
"Why did you really invite me?"
"You'd better not." Sherlock chides, but a smile is beginning to play at his lips.
"No, you're not." Sherlock's lips curl into a half-smile, and John feels his own mirror in response.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. This might be worse than he thought.
Scarlett Underwood was found at six o’clock that morning by an elderly man walking his dog. He had been startled, to say the least, when the corgi had sprinted out of the bushes barking to high heaven; paws streaked with blood. Both the man and his dog are long gone by the time Sherlock and John arrive at the scene, but the bloody paw prints are still evident across the damp ground.
"John Watson!" He bellows as he enters the pub, pulling John into a tight hug. "How long has it been? Eight years?"
Sherlock doesn't reply, refusing to look up from his laptop.
He questions himself again, unsettled by this apprehension that keeps overwhelming him. He's never been the shy one in a relationship, he's not afraid to ask for what he wants, but something about this is different. Is he afraid to take the leap because he knows that once he does, he will become utterly consumed by the whirlwind that is Sherlock Holmes? Once he gives himself over to the detective, there's no going back. Every day he feels himself falling a little harder, his heart beating a little faster. He has memorised the different expressions Sherlock uses when studying a crime scene — he can tell what direction Sherlock's brain is moving in based on the slight twitch of each muscle in his face. The masseter contracts and tenses his jaw whenever a theory is ruled out, and the lateral oculi muscles tense when he dips into his mind palace for a fragment of information.
"What's he like? You said he was odd, what did you mean by that?"
Sherlock pulls a face that implies he's unhappy about the assumption but doesn't say anything, instead extracting a collapsible magnifying glass from his pocket and beginning to examine the body.
Sherlock yawned as he entered the kitchen, shuffling over to where John stood, waiting for the toaster.
She could be anywhere now. When John was first discharged, he'd thought about contacting her, seeing if she was still deployed, but the thought was too painful. He wasn't the same person as when they met, and chances were, neither was she. In different circumstances, it could have been perfect. She could have been the one he settled with, the one he followed society's heteronormative script with. Somehow, he knows that's not true, even if they hadn't both been deployed. Neither of them would have been satisfied with what that life could have given them.
"I know, Sherlock, but I can't let you access that kind of information. I don't even have the right clearance, only the guys down in tech do." He grabs the elastic bands from Sherlock's grip, shoving them back in his drawer. "They'll trace the account back to its owner, and we'll be able to pick them up tomorrow."
"Thank you," John whispers. About what specifically, he's not sure. For saving his life? Most definitely. Not just this time, but for finding him in a bar all those months ago; for stealing his Oyster card and leaving him a mystery to solve. For saying it could be dangerous; dragging him to crime scenes and showing him that life outside Afghanistan is not a monotony. For allowing him to reconnect with people on the outside. For never asking him to relay each gory detail of his service, but holding him tightly when he did. For giving John the space to understand himself; this version of him that overwhelmed him for so long.
If he was alone, or if it were anyone else stood at that poolside, Sherlock wouldn’t have thought twice. He would have shot the Semtex and sent them all up in flames. But there was John, and Sherlock was suddenly afraid of dying.
John stays as long as he can, only venturing home when his body reaches exhaustion. On the days he has to work, he comes straight to 221B from the surgery, and it's only because of his love of sleep that he doesn't drop by in the mornings.
"And because I said dangerous, and here you are."
How had they got here? Just yesterday morning they'd been laughing over breakfast, skin damp from their shared shower. It had seemed perfect. John was happy, the happiest he's been for a long time, and he had finally started to let himself believe that this was real. That this wasn’t all going to disappear in the blink of an eye. The rest of his days would be filled with endless cases and stolen kisses. And now — it didn't bear thinking about.
"There. It's gone."
"For what?"
John is lying on a bed in the centre of the room, covered in tubes and wires; barely a clear patch of skin showing. An ECG beeps consistently in the corner.
“You were a doctor who went to war. You’re a man who couldn’t stay in the suburbs for more than a month without storming a crack den and beating up a junkie. Your best friend is a sociopath who solves crimes as an alternative to getting high.” His voice keeps breaking, and though he tries to be subtle I can see him leaning heavily into the doorframe, sweat collecting along his hairline. “John, you are addicted to a certain lifestyle. You’re abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people, so is it such a surprise that the woman you’ve fallen in love with conforms to that pattern?”
"How did you know my name?" He asks, running his tongue over his bottom lip.
"That would be — nice. Yeah, I'd like that."
“No change.” Sherlock rubs his face with his free hand. He’s starting to grow restless.
"For what?"
"So, do I call you DI Lestrade all the time, or— "
“It’s in the fridge.”
He remembers how time seemed to slow around him; bullets leaving trail marks in the air like aeroplanes; bodies lying broken and bloodied at his feet. The cry of the injured echoed in his ears, a sound that still haunts his dreams.
"It clearly is." It takes John a few tries to get his password right. He swipes to the account settings, scrolling to the bottom to find the delete button. He stops halfway down the page, one word catching his eye.
"That...that was amazing."
"Have you, uh...have you ever met someone called Sherlock Holmes?" He asks, trying to sound as casual as possible — betrayed only by the slight waver in his voice. Mike doesn't seem to notice.
He blinks, his vision focusing as a curly-haired figure comes into view. Sherlock. A sob builds in his throat, but he swallows it down, instead wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's wrist and squeezing tightly. He closes his eyes, focusing on the noise surrounding him. Machines beeping behind him, Sherlock's gentle breathing beside him, the squeak of shoes on the tiled floor. The tether he's been pulling against is an IV, hence the biting sensation when he pulls against it. There's a pulse oximeter on his finger, pinching his skin in an almost unpleasant way. A siren sounds somewhere outside, drifting through an open window.
"And what are the zodiac symbols for?"
"Sergeant Donovan will be taking notes if that's alright by you. We're just going to ask you a few questions, then I'll let you speak freely about any information you have."
“Mm. And Curly Hair.” John can’t help but let out a giggle. In echoes in his glass where it rests against his lips. “Why didn’t you tell me your name?”
"He likes to pretend that, but that's not the reality. I mean, have you heard his sociopath bullshit? The man's no more of a sociopath than we are, he just refuses to let people get close to him."
"So, who was she? The killer?" John asks, wincing as he catches his IV on the side of the bed.
“Sorry,” John whispers, not tearing his eyes away.
Thank you to ChaserJinx8065 for this prompt! (Second best thing I ever did was drag you into Doctor Who. The best thing was dragging you into Sherlock. You're welcome.)
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock I tried to get you out as soon as I could-“
Mary was a year above, so she completed her officer training before John. The night before she left, they held each other tight and promised to never forget. And that was it for them. Neither wanted to ruin their experience with the empty promise of maintaining a relationship across borders and war zones.
As Sherlock opens the door, the doctor is curled in the fetal position, each muscle in his back tight and strained against his pyjama top. Sherlock can tell he’s not asleep; John tends to sleep on his back, very straight, as if he’s used to sleeping on narrower mattresses. He pads over to the bed and sinks into it, immediately feeling the itching sensation ease. Interesting.
Sherlock is struggling as he tries to explain the details of the case. His voice keeps catching and his sentences become interrupted as he gasps for breath. Mary watches with reserved attentiveness, and I’m struck once again with the absurdity of the situation.
“Oh, shut up. I can be nice sometimes.”
"I wouldn't be so sure."
, he reasons with himself. Once Sherlock has returned from the single-minded obsession with this zodiac killer, he'll make a move.
“Enough.” I stand, helping Sherlock ease onto the floor.
These last three months, whilst different than the years of sand and heat, have given him more fulfilment than sewing broken bodies back together. He loved his time in the army; is adamant that it was the right choice for him, but there is a difference between patching up soldiers that walked in the way of bullets and helping people to whom bad luck had fallen. Jeff Hope destroyed the lives of at least four people, and John could directly see the lives they’d saved by stopping him. So many families received justice because of the cases they’d solved; the people they’d caught. Their effect was visceral, whereas, in the barren desert of Afghanistan, he had often felt that they were creating more unrest than they were preventing. He stopped people from dying, but he wasn’t saving their lives.
“I miss you too.”
It’s true that sometimes the detective is unsure how to cope with his emotions, but they definitely exist. There are days when Sherlock hardly ventures from his room; sleeping for hours on end between cases. John is sure he suffers from depression those days, but they never talk about it. Instead, he leaves food by Sherlock’s door and stays in the flat in case he’s needed. Eventually it passes. After the black lotus case, when Soo Lin had died, Sherlock hadn’t emerged from his room for three days. John had spent the time steeped in worry, on the verge of asking the eldest Holmes for help, but the detective had eventually surfaced and acted as if no time had passed.
"What would you like? It's on me. Or rather, on him. He owes me a favour." Sherlock switches seamlessly back into Italian to place his order, and John takes a second to reply, too busy marvelling at the interaction.
The man's mouth curls at the edges and he lifts his coat collar up so it lies flush with his ridiculously long neck.
“What makes you think so?”
"Labs should be back tomorrow, but I think it's safe to assume so."
"Nothing. Rookwood and Underwood both use the same gym, but Murphy doesn't have any subscriptions."
"It's not bothering me."
"That's good, right?" John's voice is tentative, "We can trace where they work?"
He desperately wants to lean forward again; take John by the mouth and never let him go, but he’s painfully aware of the party of onlookers. Later. Once the guests have returned home and Mrs Hudson has descended back to 221a, they will have all the time in the world.
"We almost had her, if you'd let me have access to the database— "
John is left with an empty feeling inside as he descends the steps to the station. He pats his pocket for his oyster card, before giving up and using his credit card as the queue builds behind him. The curly-haired stranger lingers in his mind all the way home, and it's not until he disembarks at Edgware that he realises, far too late, that he'd never told the man his name.
"Dating apps?"
“How is he?” Sherlock asks when they are both seated. Lestrade grimaces.
John nods and makes his way back to the road. He has an hour or two to kill, so he takes the tube down to Embankment and finds a bench overlooking the Thames.
"That's what I'm trying to find out."
"Okay, now you're scaring me. You're getting too sentimental." The grin pulls at John's lips, and Sherlock can't help but mirror it. "Here, get in."
"Ecliptic is another word for the line the zodiac constellations form in the sky. The position of the sun in relation to this line is how people used to be to tell what season it was. It's where the concept of astrology comes from."
It's the last straw. Something in John's gut bursts, and he's filled with the overwhelming need to get out. If he doesn't leave now, he's going to cry or punch something. He's not sure which is worse.
John's brow furrows, and he rubs a finger along his forehead in confusion.
"It's fingerprint protected. It wasn't hard." Sherlock barely looks up from his phone.
“Excuse me?” The words are involuntary and the moment they are out of my mouth I wish I’d said something better. What if he changes his mind? What if he takes them as a sign I’m not interested, backing off before I have the chance to act on them?
"Sherlock Holmes."
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.” That woman is a saint.
“Thank you.” Sherlock walks out of the door, glancing one last time at John lying in the bed.
"Thank you." Sherlock's voice is delicate, bracketed by dusk.
"Because I wanted you here. You're intelligent, you found out about me with just a name. You have a healthy fascination with the macabre — you found the Murphy scene without me and weren't put off when I invited you to dinner."
Did he want to live?
She says his name as an instruction rather than a question — a request to follow her. He stands, holding his hand out and taking her own in a tight handshake.
Sherlock busied himself with opening the gift, trying to ignore the fluttering butterflies in his stomach. Inside the box was a scalpel handle, engraved with his name, and a brand new blade.
The television is muted, but electric blue subtitles appear on the bottom of the screen.
Eventually, the Work had replaced the drugs, giving him an outlet for the mess of his brain. He could let himself focus on all the stimuli without fear of being overwhelmed, and as much as he craved them, the drugs became irrelevant. He had a purpose, a discipline to keep his mind in check. Still, he never thought twice about throwing himself headfirst into danger, never particularly caring about whether he made it out. Death was inevitable, what was the point of fearing it?
"No."
This chapter officially marks over 100,000 words posted to AO3! Woo! Here's to the next 100,000
(See the end of the chapter for
TW: Brief mention of rape/sexual assault. Not in relation to the main characters.
"Ha. They'll do that anyway."
"Is anyone there?" He shouts again, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the light. The shape moves, ducking under the brow of a hill and reappearing again further to his left. He follows it with his gaze, trying to discern its identity, the hair on the back of his neck prickling with a warning. Without thinking, he takes a step towards it, only to find himself back in the remains of 221B. This time, the kitchen window has shattered, glass sprayed outwards onto the floor in front of him. The door to the bedroom is closed, barely touched by the fire, and John is overcome by the need to open it. He needs to know what lies beyond; whether his life is truly crumbling around him. He tries another step, and the walls dissolve into sand and sun. He doesn't pause long enough to see the shadowed figure slinking closer towards him. Another step brings him closer to his sanctuary; the room where, despite everything the world outside is throwing at him, everything makes sense.
“The doctor's wife must be a little bored by now”
"What was he doing when you saw him?"
"Mrs Hudson said there's another bedroom upstairs." John's eyes flicker to the staircase as he says it. He's never seen the other room, always staying within the confines of the second floor when he'd visited previously.
The song John and Sherlock are listening to is called
John leans against a tree opposite New Scotland Yard, doing his best to look casual. At half-past six on the dot, Lestrade emerges from the building with his coat draped over his arms.
He catches his breath, relaxing his shoulders and rubbing small circles into Sherlock's back. There are prickles of moisture in the corner of his eyes, but he blinks them away. He's not upset, nor angry at the world around him, but rather relieved that after months, maybe years, he's been able to release his burden.
"Did they all die the same way?" John asks, leaning closer to the photos to get a better look at the symbol.
"You and me both, John." Lestrade copies him, placing their glasses side by side. "You and me both."
“I’m measuring the oral absorption of poisons through the tongue muscles.”
"Daniel was his name, right? I didn't know him. I just saw him last night. At a bar."
He walked down the stairs as gently as he could, avoiding the creaky steps.
- Taylor Swift, Peace
"Here," Sherlock opens the e-mail attachment from Lestrade, containing the software required to see the contents of their phones. He scrolls through the apps, grinning to himself when he finds the expected results.
“It’s okay.” Sherlock’s eyes open and catch John’s, both unashamedly staring at the other. There’s an openness there that John hasn’t noticed before. Usually, Sherlock guards his face carefully, making sure to hide the complex cascade of emotions beneath. Now his guard is completely dropped, allowing John to see the curiosity beneath the surface.
"Well, John Watson. Consider me impressed. You've done your research."
"He died from asphyxiation. Choked on his own vomit."
A week passes, and Sherlock still hasn't found any leads. He's as absorbed as ever, sitting still for hours on end, pouring himself over the piles of papers on the floor. The first sign of defeat is when he actually sleeps — John nearly does a double-take when he walks in one evening to find the detective sprawled out on the sofa, sunk into a deep sleep. John tiptoes into the kitchen, making himself a cup of tea as quietly as possible, determined not to wake the sleeping Sherlock. He needn't have worried, even when John drops his mug on the floor he doesn't stir. Whether this is normal, or Sherlock is just so sleep deprived from the last few weeks, John can't tell.
"Oh yeah, he comes in a lot. Strange fellow. Some sort of detective from what I can gather. Liaises with the police from time to time.” He passes his glass from one hand to the other. “I seem to be one of the only members of staff that he entertains. Well, me and Molly. Poor girl."
“I spent years in the middle of a war zone. I chase adrenaline as if I need it to breathe, but in all my life, I have only ever met one person I was ready to hand my life to without question. Why was it you?”
- Tim Minchin, Seeing You
“Good morning,” John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, wrapping an arm around his waist. He pushed an A5 notebook into Sherlock’s hand, ‘Sherlock’s experiments’ embossed onto the front in bold.
I’m sat at the far end of the corridor, blanketed in darkness. I’ve turned my collar up and ruffled my hair, trying to add to the illusion that it’s Sherlock sat here and not me. I can hear their phone call through an earpiece; the way they show off to each other as if this is a perfectly normal thing to be doing. Perhaps it is, for her.
"Oh, don't strain yourself. You'll only make this harder." She croons, increasing the pressure of the blade with the last word. John winces as it cuts through his clothes and scrapes at his skin. She runs an outline over his chest, tracing the shape with the edge of her blade, before pushing harder.
“Yes.”
"You paid attention. They don't always recognise me."
Sherlock hovers by the window, hands fidgeting in his pockets. His eyes follow John’s around the room, as if this sudden shift is visible to him.
He complies, and as he turns, he recognises the figure standing before him.
They stay entwined together for what feels like hours, drinking each other in. John begins to forget where he ends and the detective begins, the outlines of their bodies becoming blurred in the morning light. When finally they surface, neither pulls away, instead leaning their foreheads together to maintain the contact. John lets his mouth part, panting a little, and his eyes flutter open. Sherlock's usually pristine curls are in disarray; evidence of John clutching at them in their fervour. Something pulls at John’s stomach, a carnal hunger awakened by the evidence of their desire.
There's a heavy pause as they both watch the detective work. Lestrade must have seen Sherlock do this a thousand times, yet his eyes still hold the same amazement as John's.
Commending his self-restraint, he lifts a hand and brushes a stray hair hair off John’s forehead, staring down into those beautiful blue eyes.
"Thank you for coming, Doctor. I'm Sergeant Donovan, I'm working on the Daniel Murphy case."
"Hey, so um — I might have to move out of London soon."
“Here, let me get you another blanket.” There’s a pile of them in the cupboard next to John’s bed. He takes one out and lays it over him, being sure to tuck the edges in, like John always does at home.
This story is for all the people that realised they were queer later in life. You are valid, no matter how long it took you to realise. Welcome to the family.
"Well, I thought people normally do other things before they start sharing a bed."
For years he danced with the line between carelessness and neglect, until he found himself a blogger. Over time, his lack of self-respect lessened. There were still days when he’d make impulse decisions, some of which led to being beaten unconscious by a suspect, or being on the verge of dehydration after focusing on an experiment too long, but the occasions became fewer and far between. Sherlock couldn’t pretend he hadn’t noticed. Still, he concluded that it was not a conscious decision but the introduction of people that realised when he didn’t eat for days, or pointed out when he was about to apprehend someone without proper backup. John always insisted on preparing for things, rather than taking the haphazard approach that Sherlock had adopted most of his life.
John nods, and they spend the rest of the afternoon in easy conversation; years worth of catching up to do. He tries to keep the conversation away from himself and his deployment, not wanting to relive the moments with someone who can't quite grasp the gravity of them. John keeps his answers about Afghanistan short, quickly segueing into safer areas of conversation. He's become so good at it that Mike barely notices he doesn't quite answer his questions. They talk about Harry, the state of her marriage and the return of her alcoholism. Out of everything, this is one area he doesn't feel awkward talking to Mike about. He was there at its worst — there isn't much he can say that Mike doesn't already know.
Sherlock missed Rosie as soon as he’d settled her into bed. Part of him resented having slept all day, but he’d learnt the hard way that his body needed the rest. He could push it to the limit during the investigations, but sooner or later it needed to catch up.
"Err — yeah, how did you —"
Two days later, John is still thinking about the encounter. In the quiet moments, his mind replays the phantom feeling of the hug; the skipping of his heart as the dark-haired stranger saw his life painted across his body. He tries, as much as possible, to remember the small details about him — to deploy the same trick. He distinctly remembers the crisp lines of his suit, lying flush on his skin; purple collar framing that long, pale neck. He sees the cheekbones and black hair, perfectly curled. The coat; draping over his body and falling free around his knees. John remembers the man vividly, but when he tries to discern the hidden details, his mind draws a blank.
"And what about you? What could I read from you?" John asks, more flirtatiously than he'd intended.
It isn't that he doesn't want to be here, on the contrary, he'd looked forward to the experience — he just felt out of place; massively outside his comfort zone. He doesn’t make a habit of visiting bars in general, let alone gay ones. He wants to be here, to try something new, but he doesn't feel like he entirely belongs yet. He's only recently started to understand his sexuality — to come to terms with the fact that perhaps he’s not quite as straight as he'd thought. He feels silly; a man his age should surely have worked that out sooner. After everything he's been through, all the things he's discovered about himself, his bisexuality should have been one of the easier things to decipher. It's not as if he's never had sex with a man, but each time he caught himself reassuring himself that it was strictly platonic — a purely transactional event. Until it wasn't. At thirty-five years old, he suddenly finds himself re-evaluating his life through the new lens of his queerness. And it is... surprisingly, okay.
The kitchen was still a mess from yesterday’s snowball fight. They’d spent all afternoon hurling misshapen snowballs at each other, missing more often than not. A snowman sat casually on the counter — a scrap of ribbon around its neck; two olives for eyes.
“Well, you can thank Sherlock for that.”
"Really?"
Exhaustion starts to prickle around John’s eyes. He tries to let them drift closed, but the second darkness descends he hears the sing-song taunts of Moriarty echo through the room. The scent of chlorine sticks in his nose, and he whimpers as his eyes snap open.
"You're not supposed to be here, let alone someone you've dragged off the street—"
Sherlock sighs and closes the laptop with a snap, plunging the room into darkness. John switches on the floor lamp as he walks over to sit at the other end of the sofa.
"I was going to say you could sleep on the sofa." Sherlock tries to keep his face a facade of annoyance, but John notices the slip of a smirk at the edge of his lips. John bites his lip to stop himself grinning.
The jealousy; he could handle. Yes, Sherlock overacted, but it was something they could work through together. It was a tangible problem, one that John is sure will ebb with time. But the assumption that John is just here for the laughs? To tick a box on his bucket list before returning to his happy heterosexual life? That is different. He doesn’t know how he can heal that, or whether he even should. John has given himself over so completely to the detective, but there is only so far he can go for someone. He will not stoop to proving his identity, just to calm another person's insecurities.
"Piss off."
"Exactly. The killer connects with them on a dating app, makes a connection, meets them for a date, and then kills them."
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's fine."
He knows they should talk about it. Should set some boundaries and understand the gravitas of what they both agreed to, but John couldn’t get his mouth to form the words. In the end, they both retired to their separate bedrooms without uttering a word.
“I hope so.”
"Not at all."
"You're a cock sometimes, you know that, right?"
"Thank you for your time, Dr Watson. We'll be in touch if we need to speak to you again." John nods, pushing his chair back and lifting himself to his feet. The muscles in his back are still tight, but his skin is less twitchy from the adrenaline.
My lungs relax a little at the fresh air outside. We walk in silence towards the main road, Mary continually trying to catch up with me- grasping at my hand each time she gets close as if that will magically fix everything. I snatch it away each time, walking fast to keep out of pace with her. Sherlock keeps two strides ahead, and I have to keep reminding myself that he’s been shot. He hides his pain well, but I see him wince as he hails a cab.
“Everyone got a drink? It’s almost time!” Mrs Hudson leads the way into the living room, where the television is on, streaming the live view from Southbank.
“I’m glad you did.”
John woke up, he’d take him to see them. They’d adore him. Not all of his family were like Mycroft.
John is pulled from his musings by the flutter of white police tape on the corner of a building. He changes course to walk towards it, intrigued at its stark contrast to the deep purples and reds of the surrounding bars. As he gets closer, he sees it's snapped — the section fixed to the wall is only half a meter long — remnants of a crime past. The building forms the border of an alley,  a narrow passage between an office building and a Chinese restaurant. Green commercial waste bins border each side, with a scattering of litter at the base of each. There's nothing unusual about the scene — just an empty alley in a dark corner of London — but John can't seem to walk away. Daniel Murphy was murdered in Soho. Could this have been where? It's been long enough that the police would have cleared the scene, and it would have been impossible to spot if not for the calling card of the cordoning tape.
"Okay, so what happened," John asks, wincing as he tries to sit himself up. Sherlock places a hand on his chest to stop him, but John waves him off, slowly inching himself up into a sitting position.
"I got shot and all I could think was; is it my turn now? Do I finally get to rest?" He tightens his grip around the detective's chest. "I was exhausted, Sherlock. I'd lost everyone who mattered to me and seen more soldiers die beneath my hands than I could remember. I didn't know until that bullet hit me that I was so fucking tired. I thought maybe that was it. My life; surrounded by death and blood and deserts. 33 years, and I was ready for it to be over."
The surgery that he interviewed for calls him back, offering him a locum position. It's not much, but they pay well enough to keep him in London for a few more weeks. Between the commutes and the long hours writing prescriptions and taking notes, John lives for the moments when a text lights up his screen, proclaiming
"Can you trace the drug?"
“Can I-“ Sherlock swallows, trying to keep his voice steady. “Can we have some time alone?”
"Please, call me John."
Lestrade sighs, rubbing the back of his neck.
“No. She was never part of the plan.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock is jumpy when they get out of the cab at Caledonian Road. It's a jarring transformation compared to the tranquillity of the past few days — the consulting detective is practically bouncing off the pavement, his eyes focusing unflinchingly on the beacon of blue tape in the distance. It takes a while for John to realise what's wrong.
Sherlock shuffles closer, taking John's hand back into his own.
"Uh, I got there at about ten past eight, so it mustn't have been long after that."
“Room eleven, sir.” Their feet echo in the hallway, and Sherlock’s stomach twists. He’s scared of what he’ll see when they enter the room.
The violin. Sherlock's violin lies blackened in front of the fireplace; charcoal from the flames. Something catches in John's throat, and his brain stalls, the violin the only image stuck in his brain.
"So. You and Sherlock. What's going on?"
He snaps the laptop shut, earning a dirty look from the student next to him, and makes his way out of the door. He pulls his phone from his pocket, hoping that the number he's looking for is still in his contacts list. Sure enough, there near the bottom, is the name he's looking for.
John drops his bag by the door and takes a deep breath of courage.
John nods, once, and leaves the room.
"None of the victim's bank statements showed that they'd paid for any services."
"Nothing. There's no connection."
(See the end of the chapter for
John doesn’t reply.
"Okay, could it have been random? They just happened to walk past the killer? You know, wrong place wrong time?"
The train home is quiet, so I manage to get a table seat. I pull out my laptop, editing the latest case write up, ready to post on the blog. The feeling of completeness from Harry’s is still there. Acknowledging that I want this, I want him, seems to have given me a self-assuredness that hadn’t been there before. Perhaps it’s time to do something — to bridge that gap and ask for more.
"A donor. They matched the DNA to an Elizabeth Patterson. She has an alibi."
“You know he sees you like family too. We both do.”
“Four!” Sherlock observes John’s outstretched hand, the warm smile perched on his lips and the affection in his eyes, and the pieces fall into place. He is an idiot. Not something; someone. And that someone is standing in the kitchen of 221b, trying to deduce what is wrong with his flatmate.
"Trying to chat up a bloke at the bar. He was quite forward, I think, but I couldn't hear him. The other guy came over and sat with me to get away. We left, then I didn't see him after that."
The showers turn out to be down a floor, and whilst they’re not the usual pressure and temperature he has become accustomed to, it’s a welcome relief from the layer of grease that had settled on his skin. He leans on the glass wall, letting the spray fall down his back. The water is slightly too hot- it burns his skin as it slithers down his shoulder blades.
"Really? I thought he was overreacting."
I’ve started staring unashamedly at those perfect lips, craving the moment when they are under mine.
"Look, I've known Sherlock for a long time, and you're the first person I've ever seen him actively want to be around. He tends to push everyone else away. I mean, you know what he's like. It takes time to get used to his—" Lestrade pauses to find the right word, "—quirks. Sally Donovan is not unusual; plenty of people think they can treat Sherlock however they want, just because he's different. Hell, he sure doesn't make it easier for himself, but that's not entirely his fault. You're the first person he's let in; I completely understand that he's terrified of losing you."
“Oh shut up, Mycroft.” Lestrade teases, pushing a fresh glass of champagne into the elder brother’s hand. “We wanted to have the celebrations here this year. Be nice.” He ushers Mycroft out of the kitchen, and one by one, the guests claim their champagne glasses from the table and take their place in the living room.
“I was.” I mimic his tone, trying not to wake Harry in the next room.
Donovan bids him farewell once they reach the foyer, and he leaves through the rotating doors, returning his lanyard back to the desk on the way out.
"Really? How so?" Sherlock raises his eyebrow and leans back into his chair, raising a glass of wine to his lips.
Which brings him back to the question; why had he been so prepared to die?
"Fuck, sorry." He apologises, placing the mug on the table behind him and stripping his jumper off, dabbing at the spilt tea on the floor, relieved that none landed on the papers.
"You don't even have my number!" John calls after him.
"Yeah. You know, when you're on leave you don't have much time to date properly. This made it easier."
“Maybe he was just trying to give you something to do. Mrs Hudson told me you’ve been driving her up the wall.” I try not to think about what that means, the fact that every time I spend any significant time away from the flat Sherlock becomes antsier.
"I do."
John nudges him with his foot under the table, heat beginning to spark in his stomach.
“Six!” Another small smile spreads across the doctor's face, and he holds his hand out, beckoning Sherlock to join him in the living room. Sherlock ignores the instruction, but he focuses on how John’s facial muscles adapt for the smile; how it reaches his eyes, yet takes on a slightly different meaning than before. There is warm affection there, a juxtaposition from his earlier slip. Either he is an outstanding actor, or John is experiencing multiple emotions at once.
"Is this where you give me the 'you hurt him and there'll be consequences' talk?"
“Here, I brought you some things.” She hands over a bag of clothes, mostly Sherlock’s, with his laptop shoved in on top. “There are some toiletries at the bottom, I don’t suppose you’ve managed to shower in a few days.”
Lestrade leans back into his chair with a sigh, running a hand through his already dishevelled hair.
"You and your mysterious cheekbones and the promise of danger. You read my life story with one glance, and everything just made sense." He lifts his head to look into the detective's eyes. "Sherlock, you are by far the most puzzling thing, but around you, my mind is quiet. I am sure of myself when you're here."
"So, it's a mystery."
"You're a chemist with a special interest in biology. You regularly conduct experiments on human body parts which you procure from a woman called Molly at St Barts hospital. She fancies you, but you've either not noticed, or you don't care enough to do anything about it. And you live at 221B Baker Street."
"Hello?"
"Talk me through it," Sherlock demands softly, taking another sip of his tea.
Eventually, their conversation comes to a natural lull.
"Stay?" He whispers, hands curling into Sherlock's shirt, nestling his head further into his chest.
Finding Sherlock, John's mind had finally settled into a state of calm — a settled sureness of his own emotions, and to have someone else question them was painful. He has his own self-doubt to worry about.
"Sherlock Holmes." The name still fits nicely in John's mouth. It travels from the edge of his lips to the base of his tongue, then back again. Sherlock Holmes. He could get used to saying it.
"Greg. Sorry, never got that beer."
"Good morning, how can I help you?"
Sherlock is lying with his back to the door when John enters the bedroom. He can tell he's not asleep — he's far too contained — but he doesn't acknowledge when John comes into the room. John walks around the bed, grabbing his pillows and pyjamas from where he left them underneath, and exits the room again without saying a word.
"Well, I was thinking — if you wanted — "
"Well done. Lestrade?"
"Then I'm disappointed. You saw me talk to the victim, then I show up seventy-two hours later at the scene of the crime. Most people would assume."
John jumps at the noise, instinctively reaching for a gun that's not there. He lifts himself to his feet and whirls around to face the opening of the ally, one hand still hovering at his waistline. Sherlock Holmes stands in the entryway, silhouetted against the violet backlight of the bar behind. John's shoulders relax, but he stays standing straight, adrenaline starting to bubble in his veins.
“And why would I do that?” I prolong the moment, letting the tension build and dropping my voice in a way I hope sounds seductive rather than desperate.
Disclaimer: I have never made fake snow before. I might try it this season, just to see how it works! This recipe is real though. You essentially just mix shaving cream and baking soda together, with a few drops of essential oil to make it smell nice.
And that's the last thing he remembers.
I give you my heart knowing things fall apart
“Well, it’s a step up from Sheel. It’s hardly my fault your name is hard to say.” John ran a hand through his hair: “She could always call you something else.”
“Is everyone I’ve ever met a psychopath?” I say as we reach the living room. I know it’s wrong, and hurtful, to call him that after years of showing me otherwise, but I can’t help myself. I need both of them to feel even a fragment of the hurt that’s rushing through me.
“Sorry?”
"Small world, huh."
"Oh. I thought I'd deleted that." John's stomach becomes lighter, relief flooding through him. Nothing was wrong at all; Sherlock had just been startled to find John amongst the thousands of users.
John doesn't ask what that means.
"I don't think I need to, do you?"
“Nah, it's alright, I’ll walk. It’s not far.”
John stops at his bedsit only long enough to grab a sandwich and his laptop. He finishes the sandwich, cheese and pickle, in a couple of bites and walks the short route down to the public library. Since he feels well enough to venture outside of the bedsit today, he'd rather not spend any more time in it that he has to. Besides, he doesn't have WiFi. Another expense he can't afford.
"Aren't we doing this the wrong way round?" he asks, purposefully relaxing his shoulders and opening up his body. His voice drops, low and sultry, making no effort to hide the flirtation.
"Yes. Scotland Yard cleared the scene this morning."
“Oh, John. What have we gotten into?”
It's not a distraction, nor a manipulation to keep John quiet; it's a promise.
"Did she know I was helping with the case? Was I targeted specifically?" John asks. Sherlock scowls, and a grin plasters Lestrade's face.
"I'm sorry I missed the wedding, Mike. The pictures looked wonderful." John takes a sip of his beer, then wipes away the froth that clings to his mouth.
“Well, Sherlock Holmes, I’ve certainly seen plenty of mystery these past few months.”
“No. Not anymore. Just us.”
"See you there."
She fails. She sits.
"Back against the wall."
Rupert Street is a real bar in Soho, London. Now, because of this fic, they follow me on Twitter, which may be one of my greatest achievements yet. Whether they realise I write fanfic or not is up for debate, but let's focus on the good things.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t know this would happen.” Sherlock walks slowly across the room, dragging a chair next to the bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Business partners. That is far from what John actually wants to be, but the idea is not unwelcome.
"Don't ask."
"Maybe you were wrong. Lots of people have Blaze; it's hardly a solid connection." John barely glances up from his book.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock." His arms hang limply at his side, and his voice drops to a half-whisper. "Do you even know me at all?"
"What are you so happy about?" John asks as they exit the building. Sherlock steers them towards the main road, waving down a cab as they walk.
"Kobi McKenna. Cis male, 24, cancer symbol on his chest. Everything is the same as the others as far as I can tell." He crosses his arms over his chest. "Sherlock, we need something soon, this is attracting far too much attention."
', and all of a sudden, I wanted to live again. The resignation was gone. I was still bloody exhausted, but I now could see the other end. I was out the other side. Trouble was, I didn't have anything left for me here. My friends were gone, either dead in the war or because I'd pushed them away years before. My parents were both dead; my sister drinking her marriage away, and I couldn't afford to live in the city I loved; the one home I had left."
Sherlock doesn’t answer, already knowing that I understand the reality. Mary thinks she fell in love and is manipulating me to keep me in her life. Somehow, that seems more evil than the alternative.
I still find myself slipping into old habits and I kick myself for it every time. Correcting Sebastian Wilkes had been a knee jerk reaction; I put up walls because I became scared he could see what was happening between us before I had gotten my head around where Sherlock and I were headed.
John sighs and Lestrade's smile spreads into a grin. He had hoped it wasn't quite so obvious, at least not to anyone but Sherlock, but there's no point denying it now. He can feel fists forming at his hips, but he forces himself to relax. This is just office chit-chat. There's nothing wrong here.
"Can you tell me his name? The... colleague?"
Emily shakes her head, dabbing at a wet spot beneath her nose.
To hell with the plan.
“Sorry?”
"No, the rest I worked out myself."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock snorts into his drink. “Really?”
In the centre is a cluster of images, each showing a body carved with a different symbol. John recognises the middle one as Daniel Murphy, two zig-zagged lines carved deep into his chest. The three photos surrounding Murphy are of different people, a man and two women, both decorated with a unique symbol. The man and one of the women are lying on a steel mortuary benches like Murphy. Both have symbols carved deep into the flesh, spread from one pectoral muscle to their stomachs. The man bears a double-pointed arrow, the woman a semicircle with two circles at either end. The final victim, a red-haired woman, is lying on grass, her wound covered in blood. It spills into the crevices of her symbol and paints her stomach red. This time, the sign is of a large, curly 'M'.
"Oh, she's got a bit of a thing for him is all. Not sure he's noticed, bless her. Seems a bit oblivious to it all."
“Don’t you have a case on? That one with the cats?”
"I must have come in not long after you left. I found your jacket on the chair but assumed you'd just gone to the loo. It was Sherlock who told me you could be in danger." His voice softens, changing from his work persona to something more heartfelt. "It's a miracle we got to you in time, if Sherlock hadn't warned me you'd have been dead by the time I realised anything was wrong."
When the lift door opens, a police officer greets them.
If this is what kissing John Watson is like, he should have done it years earlier.
"You're probably lying, but it doesn't matter. You'll be dead soon."
“Good morning! What time’s your train again?” She stuffs a piece of dry toast in her mouth — a habit I can never understand — and dumps another unceremoniously on the plate in front of me.
Scarlett Underwood's house is unremarkable. The top floor of a run-down council estate, the place screams of student accommodation. Her partner, Emily, is sat next to a uniformed officer in the joint living room/bedroom, her eyes red and a crumpled tissue in hand. She answers the questions with a forlorn detachment, pausing every now and then to swallow down tears.
“I’m sorry-“
"Please tell me about your relationship with him."
“Think about it, you don’t actively seek activities that would give you an adrenaline rush. You don’t do extreme sports, most of your life is very ordinary, except for when someone else needs you. Then you step up, you put yourself in situations that you wouldn’t normally dream of. It’s why you joined the army, and it’s why you stayed with me.”
Sherlock hails a cab once they're outside; John slightly in awe at how fast he manages to find one. The detective holds the cab door open for him before sliding into the seat beside him.
"You know, you're truly terrifying sometimes."
"Ah, you must have trained together."
"And this one?" John gestures to the photo of the woman outdoors.
- Tim Minchin, Apart Together
“Say please” I murmur into his ear, my hand running over his neck and through the nape of his hair. He turns, only slightly, to catch my gaze. His eyes seem to melt in front of me, and it takes all my self-restraint not to take everything all at once. To consume him, and let him devour me in return.
John's breath catches against his teeth as he feels Sherlock shifting in his hands. He's worried he said too much; opened his heart too wide, but the fear ebbs as warm lips find his.
"So how do you know he was murdered?"
John lets out a huff of laughter that hurts his ribs. Of course Sherlock would be annoyed that the yard arrested her by accident, rather than because he had deduced her identity.
"That's not what people normally say."
John stops mid-stride. The name means nothing to him, but the face is familiar. At first, he can't quite place it — the memory of the man dancing outside his subconscious. Then it hits him; the white-shirted man from the bar.
. He pushes the thought away.
(See the end of the chapter for
They come together, slow and shuddering against the blue dark. Neither pulls away from the other, instead sinking further into the sheets — long limbs wrapped around shorter ones. They lie for hours in silence, ignoring the echoes of passing sirens, content to breathe in the smell of their desire. A fragment of time freezes in that room — a slice of winter evening, holding only a consulting detective and his blogger, the only ones in the world.
“Happy New Year, John.”
It’s disconcerting seeing her, like finding a teacher outside of school. She doesn’t fit this narrative; this is not the person I believed her to be. Yet here she is, completely at ease with the prospect of killing a man.
"The police don't consult amateurs." John scoffs, shoving his hands in his pockets.
"Deal. The Red Lion again? Six-thirty?"
John's heart flutters in his chest, and he's filled with a stillness he's not felt for a long time.
The cold air outside clears his head a little, but the relief is short-lived before another wave of nausea rolls over him. It takes all his concentration to put one foot in front of the other. He's herded down the street, away from the heaving pub, and down into a narrow alley off the main road. The path is lined with industrial bins, and the stranger pushes him behind one, hiding him from view of the main road.
"Any new leads?" John asks. Sherlock gives a minuscule shake of his head as John hovers at his elbow, reading the papers over his shoulder. He's not sure what the boundaries are — whether he's allowed to adorn physical affection in the middle of a case. The past few days had seemed to be an exception, Sherlock putting the case aside to focus on the newfound developments of their relationship, but now the rules seem to have changed. Sherlock has absorbed himself back into the work in full force, and John is unsure as to where he stands.
John nods, as Lestrade opens the file in front of him and pulls out an A4 photo, sliding it over the table to John.
“It’s okay.” He opens his eyes and catches a question in John’s face. The muscles are relaxed, his eyes searching. For the first time, Sherlock can’t automatically figure out what is going on in John’s head. Whether that is due to the exhaustion that is slowly creeping into Sherlock’s veins, he isn’t sure. But he’s surprised at how much he doesn’t mind not being able to just read everything he wants to know. With anyone else, it would infuriate him; this need to ask questions rather than tell what they are thinking with a cursory glance. But John has always been different. He has always been a mystery that Sherlock is desperate to solve.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We're friends, yes."
"Well, I went to the pub, ordered a beer. The barmaid seemed to check me out, but I ignored her and walked back to my table." He pauses to catch his breath. "Next thing I know, I start feeling dizzy and sick, and the same barmaid appears behind me with a knife. She walks me out to the alley, starts cutting some funky symbol onto my chest and that's when I passed out. I had a bizarre dream, and then I woke up here." John alternates between Sherlock and Lestrade's faces as he speaks, waiting for them to jump in with the details.
Sherlock smirks and keeps trawling through the phones. John resists the urge to lean over and kiss him.
“Hmm.” He grunts, and I can tell he’s not listening.
“How much do you know already?” She asks.
Silence falls again for the first time in minutes, their gaze unbreaking. Every wall John has built, each layer of protection he's guarded himself with for the last thirty years, all of it melts away. It was not the question Sherlock had asked, but it was the question John needed to answer.
“How do you know she’s not working for someone?“ I am deflating. I know in my heart that if she were, we’d both be dead by now, but it’s harder to accept that she’s toying with me to her own advantage than because she’s been paid to.
"I know you're an ex-army medic who's only recently returned home. You were medically discharged — there's a bullet wound in your left shoulder. You've never been to an LGBT bar before, and you're nervous about it. You're struggling financially — you can't go to your family for help; you're socially isolated, but you also can't afford to be in London, yet you wouldn't want to be anywhere else."
"I wasn't planning on stopping."
Was he so tired of life that a fiery death seemed welcoming? Was that why, sat on the cold tile, breathing chlorine scented air, he had placed his life in the hands of his detective? He had trusted Sherlock so completely that had the building fallen in fire and gunpowder; he would have welcomed it. He would have been ready. Was it because he wanted it?
"Got any further?" John walks over to the coffee table, considers whether it will take both their weights, before sitting on the floor by Sherlock's feet. Immediately the detective's hands wind into his hair, tracing small circles over his skull.
John catches Sherlock glancing at him from the corner of his eye. He'd obviously been braced for the possibility that John's PTSD could rear its ugly head. Unlike John, however, Sherlock seems unsurprised when it doesn't.
"No." He's aware he spoke to quickly, eager to keep hold of the man in front of him. Sherlock smirks, noticing.
He lets his gaze roam around the room again, and the familiarity of it surprises him. He still has a long way to go; nothing has been magically fixed by the detective sauntering into his life, but for the first time in years, everything feels calmer. Yes, he wonders how much there is left to learn about himself, what secrets his mind is hiding, but for now the thought doesn’t scare him. He’s alive. He’s happy; that’s all that matters.
Sherlock gives a soft grunt that John translates as ‘obviously’.
A glance at the clock told him it was three am. Sherlock couldn’t sleep. It was becoming easier these days, a mixture of age and routine, but there were still nights when he couldn’t switch his brain off long enough to let darkness claim him.
"Oh, come on in dear. Sherlock said you'd be coming. He's just upstairs." She hurries him inside, waving him up the stairs and shutting the door with a heavy thud behind him. "Go straight on up, Dr Watson."
John swallows as he looks the body up and down, preparing for the possibility of an adverse reaction. It doesn't come. He had expected to feel a wave of nausea or the flash of memories past, but instead, he feels incredibly normal. The sight of the dead woman doesn't bother him — it's just another corpse in the endless parade.
I'd give you my sunshine, give you my best, but the rain is always gonna come, if you're standing with me.
He dresses quickly, only stopping long enough to wolf down some cereal and grab an apple off the counter. He finishes it on the way to the station, boarding at East Finchley, changing at Kings Cross onto the circle line. His hands begin to clench again, nerves starting to get the better of him. He shakes them out as he walks down Baker Street, scanning the building doors for numbers. There, at the far end, it's door standing proud against the beige building, is 221.
"I was meeting a detective from Scotland Yard. I'm not alone." His words are starting to slur, blurring together as he tries to keep his eyes open. The lids are heavy with whatever she drugged him with; it's taking everything in his power to stay on the edge of consciousness.
“Of course, I need you. You— you keep me right.”
"Dr Watson?"
"Did you?"
After the brief conversation at the pool, they had travelled back to 221B in silence. John had tried, multiple times, to speak up— to break the veil that had fallen between them. Each time the words had melted from his throat. Nothing seemed appropriate. When you’ve agreed to die together in a darkened pool, everything else seems trivial.
The pub is busy, and it takes him a couple of trips around the room to find an empty table. He lays his jacket on the chair to claim it, before wandering back over to the bar to return the previous patrons empty glasses. He debates ordering two beers, but reasons that Lestrade's wouldn't still be cold by the time he arrived.
Sherlock doesn't wait for him to finish his sentence before he stalks off to examine the body.
“Sorry,” John whispers, but Sherlock doesn’t hear him move, and the prickling sensation that comes from being watched persists. Is this how John feels, each time Sherlock deduces where he’s been or what his plans for the evening are?
"You should really close your tabs once you've finished with them." Sherlock concedes, raising an eyebrow suggestively. John lets out a bark of laughter.
"Who knew Sherlock Holmes just needed a good shag." A giggle escapes Lestrade's lips, and John glances down at his feet. He's not embarrassed about sex, never has been, but this feels different. Perhaps it's the realisation that this is more than just lust.
His eyes flutter closed, and he doesn't try to open them again, letting himself relax as the thick fingers of sleep grip him.
“No. He’s been intubated though.”
When Mary enters Leinster Gardens, she’s a different person. Her stride is longer; her shoulders more relaxed. She stands calm with a gun in her hand. It’s lowered to the ground, but her fingers are hovering over the trigger; ready to finish the job.
After the fifth time John wrenches his eyes open, the doctor leaves, promising to check back on him later. Sherlock moves his hand so their fingers are entwined, his thumb running small circles over John's palm.
He opens his eyes again to find Sherlock watching him. The detective's face is weary, dark circles under his eyes and his hair dishevelled. His eyes, however, are bright, studying John as he slowly absorbs all of the information around him. Sherlock doesn't rush him; he just watches as John slowly comes back into himself. Finally, when John feels himself become grounded, more confident that this is real, he clears his throat and tries to speak.
The paramedics arrive and lift Sherlock down to the ambulance. As we leave the flat I turn to Mary, still sat in the chair.
John feels the vibrations of baritone through his bony pillow.
"Thank you for coming, Dr Watson. I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade, lead investigator on the Daniel Murphy case."
John laughs, a bellowing chortle that attracts the attention of a few nearby tables. Sherlock joins in, his a little more reserved, but a laugh all the same.
"It was a routine mission, an investigation of a makeshift shelter near the base. I went with the squad, just as a precaution. We weren't expecting to find anything useful. We were ambushed; people were hiding in the trees and the brush, waiting for us to arrive. I've seen plenty of people shot before, operated on more than I can remember, but this time — this felt different."
"Here," Sherlock reaches his hand out, and John passes the jumper to him. Sherlock drapes it over the nearby radiator, taking exceptional care to make sure it is spread out completely. There's a tranquil silence, both regarding each other in the space. Their roles feel reversed — Sherlock observing from the sofa, and John searching through the evidence. It's strange, a peaceful upheaval that leaves a contentedness in his stomach. It's time to face the thing he's been avoiding. He clears his throat.
“Shut up!” My life is falling to pieces in front of me, and all Sherlock cares about is the sodding case.
“I know what you’re planning.” I’m sat beside Sherlock’s bed in the hospital room, my chin resting on my knuckles. I can tell he’s awake. His breathing has become deeper, and his toes have started twitching beneath the blanket. This isn’t the first time he’s woken since they stabilised him, but now he should be conscious enough to remember.
"Uh, sure. So there are five victims; Dorothy Patterson, Joseph Rookwood, Daniel Murphy, Scarlett Underwood, and Kobi McKenna. All of them were found outside, with large zodiac symbols carved through their clothes and into their chests. None of the symbols match. None of the victims worked at the same place or are the same age, McKenna and Underwood are both at uni, but the rest have full-time jobs." He reads the facts like a shopping list, unsure of where to start. Sherlock always seems to know which parts are relevant, but John can't figure out which pieces of information are actually useful. "None of them have ever connected via social media; have mutual friends or the same hobbies. Some are cis, some trans, some queer and some straight. There seems to be no pattern as to their personal identities. Most of them are single, and they were all found in different parts of London — "
"I'm not most people."
John is glad for the lack of small-talk. Most days, it's a skill he's perfected, but over the last few months, the superficiality of it has irritated him. No one really cares about what's beyond the layers of 'How are you?' and 'I'm doing fine'. He has to plaster a smile on his face and act cheery to be here, when in reality he's anything but. Faced with the mundanity of civilian life and the prospect of leaving his beloved home, John has found himself slipping further and further into the grips of depression. Combined with the PTSD fuelled nightmares, there are days when he cannot sleep, yet finds it impossible to function long enough to get out of bed. When they ask how he is, no-one wants to hear about those days, but they are the most frequent.
“Yeah. They admitted him hours ago. I tried to-“
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ten.” I reach for the jam, making a point of spreading it on the bread. Harry wrinkles her nose at me. The only reason she owns jam is because I brought it with me.
Sherlock smirks and reaches into his coat, pulling out a sleek black phone. He unlocks it and scrolls for a second before turning the screen to show John. John blinks a few times at the brightness, and when his vision comes back into focus, he sees the photo of a body, pale and blue, laid out on a steel mortuary bench. As bodies go, it looks perfectly normal, except for the large symbol carved into his chest.
“Well, technically, John is still under arrest. We cleared you from the kidnapping but John did actually commit the crime he was arrested for. It’s a bit harder to lift the charges.” In the rush of the past few days, Sherlock had forgotten that detail. He smiles despite himself.
“God, yes.”
"God, no. But he's Sherlock, I'm sure he knew before I did."
"I'm glad you're home," Sherlock murmurs into his neck, breathing in the musk of John's cologne, mixed with the faint odour of beer.
"Jesus, that's messed up."
John’s smile spreads slowly across his face, warming his cheeks.
Sherlock drains the rest of his glass and stands, extending an outstretched hand. “Very true, Dr Watson. Want to see some more?”
Sherlock doesn't reply, instead fishing around in his pocket and pulling out a turquoise and navy card with John's face on it.
John's reply is interrupted by the man in question striding back over to meet them. He doesn’t wait until he’s stood completely in front of them before he starts speaking, his voice laced with a hint of annoyance.
John can’t help the giggle that escapes his mouth. After a few seconds, Sherlock is echoing him, the unapologetic joy ringing out in the darkness. As it ebbs, Sherlock reaches out to take John’s hand in his, brushing his lips softly across the knuckles.
Someone who loved me, someone who cared, would not be reduced to the role of a client. They would fight, as equals, to fix this. Instead, she fits herself in the narrative she thinks I need.
“Perhaps there’ll be a good case tomorrow? Or you could ask Molly for some more path samples. Just for the love of God, don’t put them in the microwave again.”
The clicking of the keys suddenly stops, and the two police officers exchange a glance. Unspoken words pass between them, and John clears his throat to regain their attention.
“Because you want to.” It comes out as a purr, and I swear my knees almost buckle. I walk slowly towards his chair, praying that they won’t give out before I get there.
“She was here this morning, or so I’m told.”
John knows he needs to tell Sherlock, but with the case absorbing most of his attention, he's not sure how. Besides, John isn't sure exactly what to say; how to break the news that their days together are numbered.
“Because this is where you sit and talk, and this is where we sit and listen, and we decide whether we want you or not.” This is the final test. The last desperate cling to my marriage.
“Right, I knew it was something weird. Just, don’t accidentally poison yourself again, please?”
John is pulled from his cycle of anxiousness by the door creaking on its hinges. Bare feet stick to the floorboards, and the bed beside him sinks under the weight of a consulting detective. John turns to face the intruder as Sherlock pulls the covers back over him and sinks his head into the pillow.
“Sheeelog!” She squealed from the sofa, holding her arms out as he scooped her into a hug.
"Gladly."
"Right. I'd better be off, but I'll be back tomorrow to collect a formal statement from both of you." Lestrade stands. "And rest, the pair of you." He gives them a conspiratorial glance as he leaves the room, the door shutting softly behind him.
"Yeah, sure."
"Okay." John makes no attempt to move from his chair.
He should have seen this. He should have worked to think of a plan sooner- get the upper hand rather than play along with Moriarty’s games until the last minute. But he didn’t. And now they’re here.
Special mentions to LaKoda0518 and CarmillaCarmine for being wonderful cheerleaders!
"Hello." He echoes, squeezing John's arms in reassurance. "You're in St Thomas's hospital. You were drugged."
"No, consulting detective," The man smirks. "Only one in the world, I invented the job."
“I miss you.” It comes out as a whisper, and I wish I’d been more confident; sounded more deliberate. At first there’s no reply and my stomach does a backflip, regretting the obviousness of my words.
“It’s Doctor, and I need to see him, he’s my partner-“
She has the audacity to smile.
“John, are you okay?” Sherlock asks, selecting a glass of champagne and passing it to his blogger. John accepts it with a murmur of thanks, placing his now empty beer bottle on the counter.
Sherlock says nothing for a moment, he simply sits and looks John up and down. After a long pause, where John starts to twitch with anticipation, he scratches his cheek and rests his chin on his knuckles.
Donovan is silent all the way back to the reception. John has questions, most of them about the mysterious Sherlock Holmes, but he holds his tongue. She probably wouldn't be allowed to answer them anyway.
All my walls stood tall, painted blue,
"He looks exactly the same as the rest. Asphyxiation by choking on his vomit, the symbol was cut through the clothes whilst he was still alive. No signs of a struggle."
"What is that?"
"Rupert Street." John's stomach clenches, expecting the DI to react in some way to the name, but he doesn't so much as raise an eyebrow. Either he's never heard of the place, or he simply doesn't care. John knows there's nothing to be ashamed of — but he still can't shake the worry that shrouds him whenever he shares information about his new-found sexuality. Harry says it will get easier, but from where he's sat, it doesn't feel like it ever will.
"Yeah, at King's."
"Why does Sergeant Donovan call him 'freak'?" John is surprised at himself when he blurts out the question. It hadn't been consciously on his lips — he never intended to ask. He swallows his surprise, however, trying to seem casual in his curiosity.
"God, yeah. I don't know what you're doing, but keep at it. He's calmer than I've ever seen him." A hint of suggestion sparkles behind Lestrade's eye, and John unsuccessfully tries not to blush.
St Bartholomew’s then — it's the only place he can think of that Molly could be referring to. John smiles to himself, not caring what the people around him think. Sherlock was not the only one who got to know everything.
"Please." The words escape him before he processes them. A plea, followed by another tear dripping from his jaw. "Please, let me live."
"Ha. Sherlock is hardly ever not on a case, so there's no chance there." He scratches at his face, contemplating something. "We're friends, even if he won't admit it, but we don't socialise in the traditional sense. Before you, I didn't think he ever socialised with anyone. I miss just grabbing a pint with someone. Speaking of—" Lestrade takes the beers from the barmaid, handing one to John and spilling a bit of his own over the floor.
"Are you still at Barts? Last I heard you were taking a teaching position."
How can I resist, when it feels like this?
"Oh, it's no worries, John. I understand. Queen and country and all. You need to meet Liz though, you'd both get on like a house on fire."
"You," It comes out as a whispered breath, as he struggles to pull in enough air to fill his lungs. The woman smiles, smugness distorting her features — the barmaid. And then he realises why he recognised her. Rupert Street, that first night. She had served him his beer; hovered on the periphery of Sherlock and Daniel’s exchange. It would have been easy to slip him something, then escort him out under the proviso of intoxication.
"Me too."
They spend the rest of the cab ride in silence, Sherlock tapping his fingers nervously against his leg. When the taxi stops outside St Mary’s, Sherlock rushes out- leaving Lestrade to pay.
"Finding me."
They fall into silence, Sherlock resuming scrolling through the contents of the victim's phones. For a minute, John thinks that's the end of the conversation. He reaches back for his book, but Sherlock speaks again before he can open it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"And, according to the office for national statistics, 39% of the adult population is married or in cohabiting relationships. We only have one person in this group that fits that category."
"Walk outside with me. Don't make a sound, or I'll puncture your kidney."
“Is that all sorted then? Have they cleared you both?”
He grabs John’s outstretched hand and whirls him around to face him before leaning forward to kiss him. John freezes, his glass of champagne dropping out of his hand, spilling all over the carpet. If it breaks, Sherlock doesn’t hear. He goes to pull away, mortified that he’s misread the situation and this isn’t what John wants after all, until two strong hands wind their way around his waist and pull him forward. John deepens the kiss, letting his eyes flutter closed.
“You know, before I knew your name, I called you Mr Cheekbones.”
It’s too much with them both here. The anger I’ve been suppressing for months is boiling up, and I don’t know who I should be directing it towards. Sherlock wants me to be rational, to deal with this calmly and then take on Magnussen. But I can’t. That’s far too much to expect of me. I’ve been manipulated for months by the woman who’s supposed to love me, and he- he won’t stop dying in front of me.
"The Science of deduction. Nice title."
“But she wasn’t supposed to be like that. Not after-“ He knows what I mean. He’s probably always known. I didn’t want to replace him with Mary- I wanted to forget.
"Yes, we sent some officers over this morning. No partner, just a couple of flatmates and extended family. We're getting statements from them this afternoon."
Sherlock rolls his eyes, turning back to the myriad of papers stuck to the wall. It's grown since John last looked at it. Now the edges are sprawling almost to the ceiling.
“Like what?”
Sherlock finally turns to face him.
His eyes almost flutter closed, relieved at the decision, until a whisper sounds in his ear.
"Yeah."
His brain had been overflowing during the journey home, unable to process what had transpired in that pool. Both himself and John remained silent for the journey, only bidding a brief goodnight before they hurried to their separate beds. Now, he paces beneath the open window, filled with static energy he can’t seem to shake. He doesn’t understand what’s different; it’s just transport; he never cared about what happened to it before- never thought to think past tomorrow. But now he is filled with a desire for self-preservation. No, that isn’t quite right; he has a desire to protect. His life is no longer his own.
It isn’t that I haven’t noticed what’s happening between us — on the contrary, I am constantly aware of the energy in the room; static electricity builds with each staring match, each brush of skin or invasion of space. It laces adrenaline-filled moments after a case, the unspoken question hanging between us —
"Anything different?" Sherlock asks, pulling on a pair of nitrile gloves.
"Sorry?"
"Let's go home, and you can distract me again." Sherlock murmurs into his ear, his lips brushing against John's earlobe. It sends a shiver down John's spine, settling deep between his legs.
Now, lying in bed, his mind still buzzing with static adrenaline, John turns the events over and over in his mind. Sherlock’s panic when he’d thought John was Moriarty; the sharp stab of the needle in John’s neck when he was abducted from the street; the wordless agreement to burn together in the name of justice. The last part keeps sticking in John’s mind. How ready he had been to give his life over to Sherlock. Of all the things they’d been through that evening, this was the part which scared John the most.
Lestrade meets them at the perimeter of the scene, a scowl etched into his face.
"Poor girl?"
His eyes snap open, vision blurred, breath heaving in his chest. He's lying down, covered in scratchy sheets, the room around him white and cold. A machine beeps by his ear, and something pulls at his arm as he tries to move it — a tether that sends stinging pains through his veins as he pulls against it. Something grabs his arm, and he panics, thinking the dark creature is back. It will hold him down forever and stop him from walking through that door. Stop him getting to the one person that—
The self-control required not to take his mouth with mine, to push him against the wall and show him who’s really in control, is almost too much to bear. But I maintain my distance because this is more important than that. For the first time, I don’t want a quick fix — a relationship for the sake of it, someone to keep the bed warm and the nights less lonely. I’ve no interest in rushing headfirst, without thought or fears of the consequence. I want all of him, the breathless nights and still mornings, his quick-fire deductions and soft undertone. I want to be woken at three in the morning by violins and experiments, I want to be frustrated by bullet holes in the wall and severed heads in the fridge. He gave me back myself and I want to embrace all the parts of him.
“I almost got off at the wrong station, but I got there in the end.” They share a knowing smile, before Sherlock holds his glass out.
“Did he go into cardiac arrest?”
Thank you to CarmillaCarmine for introducing me to their album, it is now one of my favourites!!
"Why would someone carve a zodiac sign into a dead man's chest?" It's dark, so he can't be sure, but John swears he sees Sherlock's eyes sparkle with excitement.
"Hello," John says, letting out a breath. His hands are starting to curl at his waist, and he wiggles his fingers to let out the tension.
"Yeah, they will be. Let me give you a ride."
“Tedious.” He sighs.
"Anything different?" Lestrade asks.
After a month of no results, it's a relief to be within reaching distance of the truth. Sherlock's baseline restlessness was starting to become stifling when mixed with his building frustration. John reasons that any state of calm won't last long, but it will make a change from the constant thrum of energy in the flat. He's enjoyed it, the anticipation of the next development. Still, the increased frequency of Sherlock's chagrin is starting to drain both of them.
"Yeah. And it was from before I realised I was bi, which I think hit a nerve. Sherlock seems convinced that I'm going to leave him for someone else."
“I wanted you to hear the whole story. I deduced most of it after she shot me, but I wanted you to hear it first hand. So you know who she really is.”
"If you'd let me do it, we'd have them behind bars by tonight," Sherlock complains to Lestrade, fiddling with an elastic band ball on the DI's desk.
"John, come back to me."
"Old friend."
"I'd beg to differ." Sherlock raises an eyebrow and pulls the laptop back towards him. "Until last week you thought that the sun rotated around the earth."
It's a squeeze, but Sherlock climbs in beside him as John shuffles over to make room. He rests his head on the detective's chest, listening to the steady beat of his heart. The thick fingers of sleep start to claim him again, and John fights to keep his eyes open.
"Because you know that's changed—"
“I don’t need to.”
"More like a pain in the arse," Donovan says under her breath, resuming her typing, more aggressively than before.
“Yoohoo.” Mrs Hudson knocks on the hospital room door.
John's stomach leaps. Before he has time to think, before he can stop himself with flimsy excuses of waiting after a case which could take months to solve — he types out his reply and hits send. His heart leaps in his chest, regretting the words the moment they've left his fingertips, yet there's also a feeling of satisfaction — a sense of reclaiming himself after months of unsureness.
His muscles screaming, blood dripping from every surface, he throws all his weight at the creature weighing him down. His feet find purchase before it has time to pounce again, and he pushes the last amount of strength he has into falling forwards into the door. It swings open, hinges creaking in protestation, and then darkness swallows him.
“It’s on the website; you can never be too careful. I was trying to stay undercover, and anyone could have recognised it. Besides—“ Sherlock’s face softens into a sultry smirk, “—that would ruin the mystery.”
"John, I finish my shift at half six. Come have a pint with me." Lestrade finally says, sinking his free hand into his front trouser pocket.
We spend the rest of the morning just chatting, catching up on lost time, and when I finally leave something feels like it’s slotted into place.
"I was terrified I was going to lose you." He almost misses it, suspended on the edge of slumber, but he drags himself back long enough to reply.
“Nine!” Dress shoes, nice shirt, new trousers; making an effort for tonight, in his own way. Hair styled back, new, but stylish—trying to impress someone? Who is here to impress? Mycroft, Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Molly; the only person he hadn’t met already was Molly’s new boyfriend, and Sherlock is sure John isn’t making an effort for him.
John scrolls down various articles listing the numerous types of tobacco ash, and how to identify someone's profession by their left thumb. He stares a little at his own, unable to see the distinctive marks of a surgeon carved over the skin. Still, Sherlock had seemed to be able to find them. Most of the articles are interesting ideas, if not tedious to read. John is reminded of his university days, scrolling through endless scientific articles for his research projects.
"It's stupid. He thought the victims were all connected via a dating app, and in the process of researching, he found my old profile."
"So they're targeting single people?"
“John, have you ever considered that above everything else, you just like to help people? Yes, you love the adrenaline and the danger, but you also like being the hero.”
“Sherlock, I need to be honest with you.” His eyelids flicker open. “I thought I’d forgiven you for leaving. I thought that everything was behind us and we could go back to normal. But there is no normal for us, is there?” The corners of his mouth tug into a tired smile.
The words echo around John's head. What is he not noticing? If he were Sherlock, what would he be able to see? He closes his eyes for a minute, and when he opens them, he starts again.
Sherlock leads him down various twisting back alleys and hidden pathways until they reach a small restaurant, tucked just off of Oxford street. The light from inside bathes the pavement golden yellow, looking for all intents and purposes as if it's been plucked from the front of a Christmas card — minus the snow. A bell jingles as they enter and a wall of warmth envelopes them as they cross the threshold. Without bothering to wait for a staff member, Sherlock leads John to a table by the window.
As he leaves the consulting room and the interview behind, he passes through the waiting room. It's empty now — only the echoes of coughs and colds left. Flickers of movement on the wall catch his eye, and his gaze is drawn to the television mounted there. BBC News is playing, running a story about a murder in Soho. He wouldn't have stopped; wouldn't have given it a second glance, but they show a photo of the victim: Daniel Murphy, aged 29.
But something changed that night at the pool. They had turned to each other, and in a single nod, John handed his life over to Sherlock. John had trusted him so completely, and it made the detective uneasy. Where before he would not have thought twice about pulling that trigger and bringing the building to its knees, now Sherlock hesitated. He waited for Moriarty to show his hand. He let him get away.
"You saw it on my phone, didn't you."
"Not that I can see. Each victim is in a different age bracket. ID on the body says that the recent victim is Scarlett Underwood, aged 19. Murphy was 29, the other man, Joseph Rookwood, was 41. Dorothy Patterson was 23. Murphy and Underwood are both White-British, Patterson Black-British, and Rookwood is British-Jamaican. None of them work at the same place; have the same sexuality or live anywhere near each other. As far as I can see, nothing connects them."
“Good morning, I suppose,” Sherlock muttered and closed his eyes, losing himself in the scent of John’s shampoo. He was still trying to convince John to buy better hair care products, albeit unsuccessfully.
When he spoke to Harry about it, despite their ongoing disagreements, she had suggested putting himself out there — trying new situations in case he found something he liked. He'd looked up LGBTQ+ support groups in London, social meetups and even writing get-togethers. It was overwhelming at first, the seemingly wide range of choice in something he had no experience with. Doubt ate at him regularly — did he even belong in those spaces? He'd spent thirty-five years believing himself to be straight, what queer experiences did he have to share? Whilst he knew this was wrong, that there were plenty of people like him who didn't come out until later in life, there was still a nagging sensation of not belonging. Hence, he found himself in a bar, in Soho, on a Thursday night. One step at a time.
“But I want you now.” It’s said so quickly I wonder if he has misspoken; some late-night Freudian slip. My smile doesn’t stop at my lips, it covers my face and I am so grateful that Sherlock can’t see me right now.
“Where is it?” Sherlock had murmured over John’s shoulder, his chin resting in the unruly nest of the doctor’s bed-head.
It wasn’t until John meandered out of bed, a yawn splitting his face, that Sherlock realised he’d cleaned the entire kitchen.
“Maybe it was both.”
"What mark?" John asks, clasping his hands together behind his back.
John wanders aimlessly, taking narrow side streets and winding alleyways, unconsciously tracing the routes Sherlock had shown him.
"No, it's not very big. Scarlett used the twenty-four-hour one down on Camden Mews. Ecliptic Sun, I think it was called."
Sherlock is released from police custody at 12.43 pm. He takes particular note of the time, counting fifteen hours and twenty minutes since John had first collapsed. He hasn’t slept- how could he, when John was in danger.
message flashes on the screen before his profile is gone forever.
Sherlock never replies, which isn't entirely unusual, but John spins the words over and over in his head, dissecting them and panicking that he said the wrong thing. He feels like a bloody teenager again. In the morning, after only a few hours of restless sleep, dreaming of consulting detectives and Baker Street, he dresses quickly and grabs his bags. The taxi ride seems to take hours, John's stomach twisting over and over as they get nearer to central London. What if Sherlock changed his mind? What if he misread the situation completely, and he gets there to find the locks have been changed and he's no longer welcome?
Sherlock's hands are still now, resting once again in the small of John's back. It's not a hesitant touch, overwhelmed at the depth of John's response, but rather an anchoring one, reminding John that he's still listening. Briefly, John considers stopping, aware that he's already answered Sherlock's question, but now they've started flowing, the words won't stop. They rush from his mouth, desperate streams of consciousness and all John can do is hang on for the ride.
"How did you get into her phone? It would have been locked, wouldn’t it?" Lestrade asks, confusion creasing into his face.
"That's amazing."
"Ah well, I'm glad you did! Another round?"
"Well, I hope you're right."
Donovan snaps the laptop lid shut and crosses the room to open the door. John follows, pausing just before he exits the room.
John reluctantly heads home that night and immediately packs up his few belongings, then moves to sit in the hallway to steal his neighbour's WiFi and e-mail notice of leave to his landlord. He makes his blog public after a glass of brandy and simultaneously hopes no-one and everyone will read it. If he had internet inside the bedsit, he's sure he would be checking the hit counter every few minutes, but it's cold in the hallway, so he stays tucked safely in his bed. Sherlock texts him around midnight.
. Your comments are priceless, and I'm sorry for endangering your laptop. I promise I can use apostrophes correctly.
Praying you will decay with me
“Greg let me through. How’s he getting on?”
I have finally got to a place where I don’t care what people around me think — most of the time. I know who I am and I know that part of me will never change, regardless of what people think. Sometimes, however,
Sherlock emerges from his room close to nine, ignoring John as he flicks the kettle on and pointedly only pulls one mug from the cupboard. They stay in icy silence all morning, existing in their own bubbles until Sherlock finally gets dressed. He stops in the living room doorway, seemingly contemplating his words.
John stands and pulls the detective up into a tight embrace. Sherlock wraps his arms around John's waist, and he feels every muscle in his torso relax at the touch.
“I solved it this morning. Boring, 3/10 if best. I think Lestrade’s getting stupider.” I stifle a laugh, aware of how loud I sound in the darkness.
"You know that's not what I mean."
"Oh, yes." John slides his driver's licence out of his pocket, and the receptionist merely glances at it before handing him a scarlet shaded lanyard. John loops it around his neck, the plastic card declaring ‘visitor’ sitting snugly against his chest.
He keeps scrolling until he hits the bottom of the page. There, sat inconspicuously in the corner, is an address.
"Not that I can tell, but I'm sure you'll be able to—"
“I thought you’d be asleep.” His voice is soft, almost a whisper.
"Couldn't he have used it on an ad hoc basis?"
"I'm just saying, don't assume. You never know."
Sherlock blindly drops his glass in the direction of the table, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders. This is beyond anything Sherlock has ever experienced. He has never shared people’s fascination with kissing, the odd obsession with pushing mouths together—but now, he understands. With John, fireworks explode behind his eyes and a deep warmth settles in his stomach. He could do this forever, devouring John, and letting himself be consumed in return.
- Maisie Peters, Feels like this
"Whoah, where did that come from? Is that what you think — that this is just for show? One day I'll wake up and go, 'Nah, I think I'm done with blokes, I'll go find a nice woman to shag instead.' "
“Ten!” The countdown starts from the living room, and John turns to glance over his shoulder, seeking out the missing detective. Sherlock makes no effort to move, instead identifying and cataloguing all of the data pouring off the doctor.
"Don't be stupid. You are a welcome distraction. As a conductor of light, you are unbeatable."
or asking John for obscure facts about the human body. There's an undertone of flirtation in each text — Sherlock has a bluntness that John rather enjoys. There's nothing obscene, nothing John couldn't read aloud at work, but it's enough for him to hide a smirk behind his hand whilst reading them on the tube. The flirtation comes naturally, as if they've been doing it for years.
Donovan's fingers flutter over the laptop keys, her eyes darting back and forth across the screen. The glow from it lights up her face, casting dark shadows under her chin and jawline.
Sherlock huffs with annoyance, opening his mouth to protest again, but swallows his words at the glare John gives him.
John's brow furrows as he looks the man up and down, his stomach uneasy at how much the stranger knows about him.
"Oh, get over yourself Lestrade, you've seen plenty of corpses."
"I did solve it; you were just too late."
"I'm sure Sherlock knows what he's doing."
Sherlock pockets the phone, and for a minute the pair stand regarding each other, daring the other to make the next move.
"Spending time with my kids, mostly. The job has me working at all hours, so I try to spend as much time with them as possible." He wipes away the froth that had clung to his upper lip. "You know, so they don't hate me when they're older."
Sherlock stands at the window, facing out onto the street; violin raised to his chin. He rushes the last few notes, letting the instrument fall to his thigh as he taps the bow on his shoulder.
"I'll just oversee the rest of the evidence collection. I'll meet you outside the yard in a bit, alright?"
"You said it yourself, none of the bodies looked like they'd struggled. Combined with the asphyxiation, it looks as if they've been drugged. That suggests pre-meditation."
John raises an eyebrow and Lestrade shrugs.
"Yeah, yeah. The jumper is quite thick, it didn't burn." John blushes slightly, thankful he was wearing a t-shirt underneath.
"Uh, sure." That hadn't been the response he was expecting. He had been bracing himself for a barrage of questions — accountability for Sherlock's mood. Not beer.
Sherlock's brow crumples with concern as he sits up, tucking his feet beneath him. "Are you okay?"
His heart melts a little.
Sherlock doesn't say anything, he just scans John's face and sweeps off. Between him and Lestrade, John feels like he's been analysed to an inch of his life.
“Army pensions don't pay very much, and, given what you're wearing, you must not have an alternative source of cash. You've tried to make an effort — styling your hair and wearing nice clothing — but each item is over two years old. Bought in charity shops, or leftover from your last period of leave. You can't afford to buy new clothing, and no-one has gifted you any. So the likelihood is you live alone, without a close family to support you."
Something flickers behind Sherlock's eyes, but it's gone before John has a chance to identify it.
He has looked death in the face before, far too many times, but the sureness he’d had in the second before he nodded to Sherlock was new. There was no hesitation, no desire to run; he had merely looked up at his friend and known how far he was willing to go. Even in Afghanistan, he had never felt so calm at the prospect of dying. Each time they were out on the field, his stomach would leap, and his heart would threaten to burst against his sternum, loudly protesting his apparent death wish. Yet with snipers trained on himself and Sherlock, his heart had been utterly steady. If death were to come to him at the hands of a madman, with Sherlock by his side, he was ready. John can’t decide why it was different.
"Her course keeps her quite busy — sorry, kept — " she stifles another sob, "and she worked for the student union, so she never had time to join a regular club. She went to the gym sometimes, though."
The hours fly past, and before they know it, Mike is slurring his words and giggling with alcohol saturation. John deposits him in a taxi with promises to ‘Meet soon!’ and to ‘Stay in touch!’, which they both know won't happen. It's the perpetual lie of British conversation.
John wakes to find the bed empty. A probing hand shows it's been vacant for a while — the sheets are cold beneath his fingertips. He shouldn't be shocked, they are still in the middle of a case, after all. John lies with his eyes closed for a while, waiting for his brain to wake up. Once he can form a coherent thought, he throws on some pyjamas and creeps into the kitchen, unsurprised to find Sherlock sat on the back of his chair, lost in the depths of his mind palace.
Never fails to surprise. I run a hand through my hair as I process the information.
"Like what?" Sherlock challenges, but there is no curiosity in his tone. The words are playful, a gentle nudge of encouragement from one man to another. It sends a shiver down John's spine, settling in the base of his groin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock feels his lips mirror John’s grin, the serious mood broken. Their giggles sound loud in the silence, and for a moment, the events of the pool are forgotten. There is no Moriarty, no pool and no snipers, only Sherlock Holmes and John Watson; consulting detective and his blogger.
John makes a note of the helpline and steps out the door onto the quickly darkening street. His call is answered on the tenth ring, and he's instructed that he has an appointment to see a Detective Inspector Lestrade from Scotland Yard at 8.00 am tomorrow. He chuckles to himself when the voice queries if eight is too early; he's lucky if he sleeps past four these days.
He walks towards the door, cursing himself for leaving his phone in his jacket pocket, still draped over the chair. Through the dizziness that is beginning to consume him, he scans the crowd, faintly hoping that Lestrade is waiting somewhere for him.
"You mean — "John chokes back a laugh as he sees the cogs turn in Lestrade's head. The DI's nose wrinkles as he folds his arms closer to himself in disgust.
He rolls over for the hundredth time, trying to get comfortable. The pillow feels too stiff under his head, and the sheets are making his skin itch. He throws them off in frustration, curling into a ball with his arms wrapped around his knees. Each time he closes his eyes, all he can see is Moriarty’s face smiling joylessly behind his eyelids. He can feel the weight of the Semtex on his chest; his lungs tighten, and his breaths become shallower. In the end, he settles for staring at the wall, hoping exhaustion will claim him soon.
"Well, like I said he hardly talks to anyone. If he does, it's only to deduce them to an inch of their life. Some kind of defence mechanism, I suppose.” He gives a sharp chuckle. “Spends hours locked away in one of the labs upstairs — it's the one I use, which is why I know him — conducting all kinds of experiments. I'm sure I've seen him using human body parts occasionally." Mike seems to shudder at the thought of it, despite being a medical professor. Which leaves John to wonder — what kind of experiments has Sherlock been doing?
Anywhere, I would have followed you
"Very true, but a man can only try."
"You're just bitter because we caught her before you had a chance to solve it." Lestrade interrupts. "Admit it."
He smiles into the darkness, placing the phone back on his bedside table. Maybe it's not as hopeless as he thought. Perhaps, if he pushes himself, he can take the risk.
"Thank you for that. I was trying to stay undercover but he was making it rather difficult." They walk in step beside each other, only moving to swerve around pedestrians walking the other way.
Brick by Brick is very loosely based on the Pink Floyd album, 'The Wall'. It is one of my absolute favourites, and I listened to it on repeat when writing this fic. I hope you enjoy, as always I love reading all your comments.
“Was it me? Or was it to stop him?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What have I ever done...hmm? My whole life... to deserve you?” I’m not sure who I’m directing it to.
John lets out a cackle of laughter that takes him by surprise. It's been a while since he's genuinely laughed, he realises. It feels good — like clearing out a dusty corner of his mind.
They both take another sip of beer — John’s glass has warmed slightly under his hand.
Mrs Hudson reaches up to place a hand on his. John had told him once, not that he needed to, that Harry was the only family he had left. He’d never known his Dad- gone before he turned two- but his Mother had passed away whilst John was still at university. Sherlock had deduced as much that first day in the lab- most people go to their parents first when in need of help- but never knew whether to bring up the subject. With two perfectly healthy parents himself, he was unsure if John would want to discuss the topic with him.
Sherlock raises his head in alarm, straightening his spine and blinking excessively, as if trying to process the information.
"It's ketamine combined with diazepam. Anyone with a medical background could get hold of it, but Lestrade's trying to trace which hospitals have increasingly depleted stocks."
"Good afternoon, gentlemen," Lestrade calls out with a superficial cheeriness. John can see the dark circles under his eyes, the coffee in Lestrade's hand doing nothing to hide the exhaustion in his face.
"I knew something was bothering me about the victims. Look at them. Most of them, except Scarlett, are single. I know there are only five of them, so the statistics aren’t perfect, but it’s still a lead."
“Happy New Year!” The bells of Big Ben begin to chime, and Sherlock makes a split-second decision.
"Sorry?" John sits a little straighter; his stomach squeezing tighter. His hands start to clench into fists again beneath the desk; Captain Watson threatening to take over.
“Was it me? Or was it to stop Moriarty?”
“Kiss. Me.”
So, it isn’t the adrenaline John craves. Sherlock had thought about it for a long time, trying to understand what it was that made John Watson tick, but the answer hadn’t hit him until the Bruce-Partington case. Nothing was exciting there, no reason for John to want to be involved, yet he took it upon himself to investigate behind Sherlock’s back. John genuinely wanted to help people. It shouldn’t have been a surprise, he was a doctor after all, but Sherlock found himself analysing John in a whole new light.
“Is that so?” I sink into his lap. Months. For months I have dreamt of this, and it’s every bit as perfect as I imagined. I draw out the moment, knowing that every second I wait makes him crazy. Even so, I’m not sure I can last much longer.
“You need me?”
“Of course, Sherlock.” Lestrade gestures to the officer, and they make their way out of the room- closing the door softly behind them.
"Donovan." Lestrade scolds.
"No, but you have mine." His coat swirls around him as he turns, not missing a beat to turn his collar up against the wind.
Sherlock can feel her brow crinkle in confusion.
"Sorry about him. I think he's just frustrated it's taken this long."
Scarlet Underwood lies half-hidden in the bushes, blonde hair fanning around her head; matted with vomit. Blood has begun to stain the grass brown as it drips off her stomach and congeals on the soil.
"You never asked me if I did it," John says once they're both seated. A cursory glance at the menu confirms his suspicions that he can't afford anything here. Especially not after the pints from earlier.
Maybe I rushed into the marriage because I was hurting. In the beginning, I needed stability; someone to fill the void in my heart. When he came back I needed him to see that I wasn’t going to wait for him. Although I said I forgave him, a part of me can not let go of the betrayal. So I rushed, to prove that he could not expect me to come when he called. In reality, I needed time to understand how I could love two people at the same time, in different ways.
John ponders the thought for a moment.
Silence falls between them, only interrupted by Sherlock tapping his fingers on the desk.
John considers it, and pieces of the puzzle start to fit into place. He’d felt helpless for so long— watching his friends die around him as he spread himself thinner and thinner, trying to save everyone. John hadn’t been a hero; no-one needed saving. His job consisted of holding stupid people together. He’d lost faith in the war he was fighting a long time before that bullet found his shoulder, but he kept on mending the casualties anyway. Now, for the first time, he feels as if he is making a difference.
"Why did you invite me?"
“You underestimate yourself. Anyway, you help people. I solve people’s murders; you save their lives.”
The corner of Sherlock's mouth curls upwards.
“To putting serial killers behind bars.”
Mary hands over a USB stick, and I know I will never read it. I don’t need more reasons, she has played with me enough. There’s no going back from here.
the only thing that mattered was his mind. Keeping it quiet. Keeping it numb.
"Yes, it makes sense. We could share the rent. You help me with cases, and if you made your blog public that would attract private clients and we could share the profits. Like...business partners."
When Sherlock flicks the lights back on, it’s all I can do not to walk straight out. I can’t breathe here. Everyone is far too casual about this, ignoring that we don’t know why she’s really here, who she works for. I can’t lose him again.
Sherlock takes a tentative step forwards, hovering in the kitchen doorway, his eyes wandering over the retreating form of John Watson. He takes a deep breath and lets his mind focus—paying close attention to all of the subtle clues laid out across John’s body; trying to understand what could be darkening his mood. It has been a long time since he’s let himself run free over his blogger. Early on in their friendship, John had insisted Sherlock ask whenever he wanted to know something, rather than deducing John to an inch of his life. Since then, Sherlock has actively stopped himself reading the majority of John’s body language, in an inane attempt to protect his ‘privacy’. Sherlock doesn’t understand John’s fascination with the concept, considering they share most of their lives together anyway. Still, he obeys John’s wishes because, well, because he’s John. Why wouldn’t he?
Did he want to die?
John jumps out of his skin, spilling tea down his jumper and onto the floor.
"Something like that. I don't want to talk about it."
Sherlock’s deductions are hard to hear. They seem to justify her actions rather than condemn her as the liar she is. I don’t want to be in this room anymore. I want out of this case.
There's another pause as Sherlock avoids catching John's eye.
And that is why, when faced with a man who had reigned more malicious destruction than any other individual he’s met, he had been perfectly content to give his life to stop him. But it was Sherlock who’d allowed him to be the person he’d wished he could be, so it was Sherlock he trusted more than anyone to carry out the deed. Sherlock, who apparently needed him.
"Something like that." John can't help the grin that starts to spread across his face. He and Mike had been close at uni; they played rugby together in the evenings and downed pints at the weekends. Over the years they'd fallen out of touch, which was mostly John's fault. After his first tour, when he'd come back to London, Mike and the uni lot organised a big get-together in celebration. It had been nice to see them again — a breath of normalcy after the constant adrenaline high of deserts and bullets. Yet, the whole time he was there, necking back pint after pint, he felt as if he'd crossed a line they hadn't. John Watson had seen death. More than that, he'd seen the underbelly of humanity, the damp filled closet hidden from the rest of society. John didn't have words for the things he had seen; the things he had done. Most of the time, it didn't bother him — God knows he thrived on the adventure of it all — but he knew it was something the people surrounding him would never understand. It was as if a glass barrier had been erected between them, and they could only wave at each other from the other side. Friends would ask him how his tour had been; beg for gruesome stories and tales of near misses. He would indulge them, at least for a while, but they listened with a sense of detachment that John could not master. He had lived it, this was his life, and they... had not.
