“Calling a cab for us,” he answered simply, and John tried not to focus on the fact that he refused to look him in the eyes.
It was slow, and his mind was working at a fraction of the speed it normally did, but the memories of the night before came crawling back like army soldiers in a trench. He remembered snippets at first; John’s face when he opened the door, the way he tensed up when Sherlock touched him, the way he couldn’t look him in the eye.
“There it is!” John wrinkled his nose fondly, watching his boyfriend slide it on quickly, wrapping and tying it around his waist.
Sherlock glared angrily at him, still leaning forward so that the gun was pressing painfully into his skin. He watched silently as Moriarty reached his arm out, holding out the tiny glass vial to John.
John shut the door and immediately buried his face in his hands, inhaling sharply. It absolutely pained him to think that Sherlock was suffering from the same types of nightmares he was having, and his stomach sank when he realized they were probably worse. His back hit the wooden door with a soft thud, sinking down to sit on the soft carpeting before burying his face in his knees. He focused on steadying his breathing, which had sped up dramatically, much to his dismay. After a few minutes, he heard the all too familiar footsteps of his best friend’s feet make their way down the hall, opening the door across from his and shutting it behind him.
More silence. Sherlock fought desperately to swallow down the lump in his throat, silently praying his voice wouldn’t crack or shake.
“You forgot the part where I complain about the telly being complete shit all day long.” John grinned, shaking his head as Sherlock pressed a kiss to his forehead and strode around him, making his way up the stairs and already conversing with Rosie at his side about something.
Sherlock looked up and met his eyes, waving a bit awkwardly before calling out. “You can come over now!” he said, and John smiled happily, immediately walking over before throwing his arms around his waist.
Sherlock hadn’t come out of his room once in the week since they’d been back; well, at least not when John was home. John had wasted no time in throwing himself back into his work, anything to distract him from the blinking red lights he saw every time he shut his eyes, and Moriarty’s loud voice screaming in his ear when he laid in bed at night. Sherlock seemed to have done the opposite.
“I love you so much, John Watson.” The alarms got louder. “I love you and I’ve loved you since I first saw you and I never said anything. I don’t shut my fucking mouth for anything or anyone and for some reason, when it came to you, I just forgot how to speak.” More tears. John could barely hear him over the white noise in his ears.
Fast forward a few months, and then there was the writing on the wall, along with the body. A bold move on his part, a move that showed he was tired of waiting and wanted attention again. Another loud crack of thunder. Sherlock had the strong urge to yell at the sky to shut up.
“I’ll sleep after I see Rosie…” he mumbled into his skin, and John smiled at that, dropping his hand from his curls.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, tilting his head slightly as he slid his tongue in between John’s lips and into his mouth and really, John should’ve been surprised but he wasn’t.
“These dreams...they just happen sometimes. Yeah, a lot of them are triggered, but some aren’t. I don’t understand how it works, but it doesn’t matter. Did you notice I haven’t had a single death dream about you since we started dating?” For a split second, John thought he saw Sherlock’s face soften at his words, but then it was back to its rigid, stoic state as he pursed his lips slightly.
John felt nauseous; his head was spinning and he read the note 10 more times, his eyes scanning the words over and over again. Rosie was fidgeting against his arm now, obviously unhappy that she’d been awoken and whimpering slightly. John looked up suddenly, shoving the receipt into his pocket before jumping up and making a beeline for the doors, mumbling out sporadic apologies as he took no notice of the people around him.
John slipped his fingers in between Sherlock’s when they sat down, and Sherlock never broke the grip, the two of their hands resting comfortably on the seat between them the entire ride home.
With Rosie on his hip, he unlocked the door and walked inside, immediately being met with the loud sound of Sherlock’s violin down the hall. He sighed softly, shutting the locking the door behind him as Rosie stared longingly towards the source of the noise, intrigued.
“I’m coming, I’m coming, Jesus Christ…” He opened the door and pulled it back, meeting Mycroft’s slightly angry face on the other side of the doorway.
“Anything else you’d like to talk about last minute? Anything on your mind?” John thought for a moment, feeling Rosie begin to pull herself up to stand, hanging onto his pant leg.
He inhaled deeply, leaning back against the chair carefully before staring fixedly at nothing in particular to his side, his index finger tapping rather manically against his leg.
When clients came by, Rosie was usually out with Molly or Mrs. Hudson or sometimes asleep, but there were a few occasions where she’d sit out in the living room with them.There was one time in particular that John still remembers vividly.
John watched his boyfriend swallow and clear his throat several times. If it wasn’t for the still slightly confused look upon his face, he would’ve believed the man to be coming up with a reply to him. Instead, John figured it was just his brain on overload, struggling to catch up with itself through the haze of drugs.
The case ended up taking way longer than he and John both expected; the kidnapper was smart, dodging their every move and Sherlock grew more and more frustrated as each day passed, not wanting to push him to flee the country altogether. John figured he was just messing with their heads for enjoyment, predicting a majority of their moves and staying in London for the thrill of it.
John and Sherlock had both agreed early on that they’d never take Rosie out on a case. It wasn’t right for her to see the things they saw on a daily basis, wasn’t right to expose her to their uncanny way of life at such a young age. One day she’d learn, but now wasn’t the time. Being nearly 2 years old, Rosie was now very observant and talkative, pointing and asking about things she really shouldn’t be. John swears she got that from Sherlock.
“Everything turn out well?” she asked cheerfully as the two of them nodded, gathering their plates up. Rosie reached her arms out towards John, eyes already droopy with sleep and Sherlock handed her over across the table, looking up as she stacked the plates.
If Sherlock had noticed John watching (which he was sure he had) he simply elected to ignore him and walk into the kitchen, Rosie still clinging to his shirt as if her life depended on it. John rested his back against the front door for a moment, listening to his flatmate shuffle around their kitchen, still murmuring to Rosie as he did. His voice was muffled and John couldn’t quite make out the words, but it still had that soothing, soft tone to it. The pleasant warm feeling that had overtaken him earlier was still there, his stomach doing a flip every time he saw their two silhouettes pass against the clear kitchen door.
It took a few minutes, but John finally managed to convince him he wasn’t offended, which he wasn’t. He never spoke about his family at all, how would anyone know they were dead?
So, really, he shouldn’t have been surprised when he felt the cool touch of a gun muzzle press against his temple. It took him a moment to register what it was; he heard the faint noise of the gun cock in his ear and let out a shaky sigh, his eyes still shut.
“Robert, isn’t it?” Robert blinked for a moment, staring at Rosie in slight confusion before turning his gaze to Sherlock and nodding quickly.
“It’s not my fault he’s a dickhead!” John narrowed his eyes dangerously and covered Rosie’s ears, but Sherlock waved his hand at him in annoyance, walking around the room completely naked and kicking clothes around. “Where are my pajamas I was wearing last night?!”
“Yes, of course…” he responded slowly, sliding his legs down and off the couch, his feet hitting the floor quietly. “I want to meet them.”
“I really don’t do that, but believe what you will.” He waved a hand towards John’s face in slight annoyance and John grinned, tilting his head to the side.
“How can you expect me to sit here and watch him hurt you? Why do you think I can just...let that happen?” John jumped suddenly at Sherlock’s loud groan in response, watching him shake his head quickly and turn around, pacing the room now.
John smiled happily and reached his arms out as Molly lifted her up from her hip gently. Rosie turned to face her father for a moment before crying out in protest, kicking her little legs and shying away from him.
“Sherlock…” His voice faltered as he watched the detective’s hands go up to his face, rubbing against his eyes for some sort of salvation or relief. He fell silent, shifting Rosie to his other hip as Sherlock inhaled deeply, staying still for a moment before dropping his hands back down suddenly, meeting John’s gaze with a pained face.
“Yes, Robert…” he replied, still glancing Rosie from the corner of his eye. John was slightly amused, leaning back against his chair with his notebook as Sherlock closed his eyes and positioned his clasped hands at his chin, nodding his head impatiently towards him.
“I would assume not. London isn’t quite keen on helping homophobic bigots with their “missing” wives. I’m sure she just left you because you’re got the mindset of a childish schoolboy and frankly, I don’t blame her.”
Sherlock watched in silent despair as John cleared his throat, nodding in response. Moriarty took Sherlock’s gun, slipping it into his own pocket before pressing the cold metal of his handgun back into Sherlock’s temple, watching John carefully.
For a moment, John let that sink in. He was right, of course; he was always fucking right. He sucked in a breath, keeping his grip on the detective’s hand, struggling for words.
“These seem to get faster every week.” Rachel smiled and shut her journal, setting it and her pen down on the coffee table in front of her.
“Sherlock?!” John blinked in the darkness, struggling to make out where exactly he was as his eyes adjusted to the room. He reached behind him and tapped on the wall until he found the light switch, flicking it on quickly before his stomach sank like an iron weight to his feet.
John shook his head quickly, taking a step forward. “Sherlock, shut up. Stop talking, stop thinking for a moment, okay?” Sherlock stared miserably at him, his arms hanging limply at his sides as John struggled to find words.
Sherlock blinked slowly, a couple stray tears falling down his cheeks and John felt the grips on his waist tighten slightly, as if afraid John was going to get up and leave him. And really, that’s what he wanted to do.
Sherlock turned on his heel and immediately leapt into the street, stopping the first taxi he could see. He threw himself inside, shaking out his hair as he barked out,
“That and your stubborn boyfriend would never come to Scotland Yard for help.” John made a face in response, the two of them exchanging a look of agreement before he nodded.
“Right, well...I’ll just, leave you be, then…” What the fuck was he even saying? John’s entire body was screaming at him to stay, yet he found himself walking towards the door. Why on Earth would he leave someone alone after an episode like that, let alone Sherlock, of all people?
“I actually have something I’d like to talk to you about,” John started. “See, I’ve just been on the phone with Mycroft, because Oliver asked me for something rather important.”
That case had been left cold, after the police couldn’t find the people who set up the actual explosives. That’s what they were working on connecting.
He continued pacing the flat, not even hearing John as he waved his hands around, just talking to himself. “
Do you guys like when I occasionally switch into Oliver's POV? Share your thoughts in the comments, I love reading them!
“Does it sting?” John asked. The water ran clear after a moment and he turned off the tap, watching to see if it bled more.
Mrs Hudson handed them each something to eat and shuffled back down to her flat. John stood in the kitchen, his back to the sitting room while he pulled apart the sandwich, too lost in thought to really be hungry. When he walked back into the sitting room, he thought Sherlock must be the same, as the untouched food sat on the coffee table and Sherlock at the desk, his fingers soundlessly tapping against the table. They stayed in the somewhat comfortable silence for a while when John sat down in his arm chair.
Oliver nodded, his heart fluttering, He’d have to face John when he got home. His eyes flicked to the man, who was standing next to the bed, his arms crossed and face unreadable. Oliver swallowed, trying to calm himself down. He knew he was in deep shit. Suddenly, going home didn’t seem too exciting.
Oliver woke up in the afternoon, not remembering falling asleep. He tensed when he heard someone shift next to him and whipped his head to look. Sherlock was sitting in the chair, a little ways away from the bed. Oliver didn't care enough to be angry at Sherlock anymore. He didn't have energy at all.
Sherlock’s eyebrows had raised, and his mouth was open, before his face dropped into confusion. He looked away, his eyes flicking across the floor tiles of the kitchen. He looked back up, “Mycroft could have that done easily.”
John felt like he was going through the motions as Sherlock dragged him outside and hailed a cab to follow.
- this was real. All of it was real and it made his chest hurt and flutter and everything broken felt like it was being taped back together.
“They weren’t even there when I woke up,” Oliver said, feeling angry. John made a big deal about it last night, but how bad could it actually be if he didn’t stay home? “They were probably on a case. It doesn’t matter.”
Should he start his blog again? Ella mentioned writing again. No, Oliver’s existence didn’t need to be broadcasted - he’d be hounded on his way to and from school by reporters.
Oliver tucked his legs beneath him on the couch and sipped at his third cup of hot chocolate. John sat contently in his armchair.
“Ollie, why don’t you show John around the house?” suggested Violet. “Show him to one of the guest rooms.”
“Er… yeah, I guess,” Oliver played with the string on his hoodie. “But I acted sort of awful too, and he freaked out. Sherlock could tell I was high, and told John.”
Oliver woke up really late, after eleven in the morning, which was unusual for him, and he didn’t even want to get out of bed. It’s because of all the stupid emotional stuff that happened yesterday. He buried his face in his pillow and groaned. His body felt heavy and anxiety rolled in his stomach. He curled up and wished he could stay that way forever.
Once he’d wheeled Oliver out of the hospital, he caught a cab, helped Oliver into it, and took it back towards Baker Street. The whole ride Oliver leaned his head against the window and seemed to be fighting sleep. The grey sky out the window reflected both of their moods and the dark smudges under Oliver’s eyes made him look skeletal.
Caden scoffed, and his voice changed a little. “They couldn’t even see that all the answers were staring them in the face.”
John knew, logically, he needed to lay Oliver flat on the ground, but he couldn’t find the strength to let go, as if he would lose the boy when he let go. His fingers curled into Oliver’s hair, and the the back of his eyes pricked with tears. He couldn’t go through this again. John turned his head and rested his cheek on Oliver’s hair, closing his eyes.
John dragged his lower lip between his teeth and glanced towards Oliver’s room. “You know it can’t.”
Sherlock waved his hand between them. “This… awkwardness - between us. I want everything to go back to the way it was. Two years ago.”
Yikes, please point out any errors, I did a quick proof read of this but I may have missed a lot. God I've been so out of it. I haven't even written this week, it's bad.
“Wrong. Very wrong,” I finished. “A violation of the worst degree.” I took a long swig of my drink. “But the sentiment, Holmes…”
This was Grodman’s first visit to 221B so he could not have known that there was anything out of ordinary about the arrangement of sitting room furniture. He did not know, for example, that the settee had been moved to the choicest position in the room vis-à-vis the fire, and the two armchairs had been adjusted accordingly.
“No, the card does not mean what you think it means. No, you should not interpret it as a sign that you should take your own life tonight, or any other night.”
“No doubt, but he was the one who brought the case, before it was a case, to our attention. According to Adele Fortescue’s diary, Alaric had deliberately and maliciously thwarted Adele’s career as a sculptor out of jealousy. This assertion was later confirmed, with your assistance.”
, which was the last of his poetry to be published before his death in battle in May 1895. Anachronistically (i.e., the song wouldn’t be written for fifty more years), Watson is humming
“Not now, Watson, and you may want to have your handkerchief at the ready as well as your revolver. The aroma will be strong.”
Seb was sitting with his back in a straight chair against a wall directly beside a window. When he wasn’t glancing at Jim, his head was turned sharply to the right, almost flush with the wall. He was watching very carefully at a very slanted angle through a very thin sliver of pane.
My eyes were closed, but I felt a sudden doubling of cool air. I pried one eye open and saw Sherlock’s fan alongside mine.
“I see a familiar glint of pawkish humour. I see a strong jaw that speaks of courage and an easily furrowed brow that hints at compassion, both of which circumstance has not altered in the least.”
I was fussed over by Holmes for the better part of the day, that is, during the periods when I wasn’t dozing before the fire, but if I had known what was on the horizon, barreling down with the cottage front door as target, I would’ve relished the attention, and quiet, more.
Watson’s bags were by the front door of the cottage. They were both standing, waiting for the dog cart to arrive. Holmes would not accompany Watson to the station.
It was a half-wall John decided, but he was sort of leaning on the top of it, but he didn’t have time to think much because there was a soft snick, a sort of perfumed smell in the air, a moment of silence and then…
Seb laughed. “No.” He gripped Jim by the hair and pulled hard, holding Jim’s gaze and attention as tightly as he held Jim’s head. “But you could suck my sweaty cock. Then join me in the shower while I suck yours.”
A light snow had started to fall in mid November. John invited Greg over for tea on a Saturday afternoon, just for a chat since the coffee shop they usually met at had been closed for renovations. Greg said hello to Oliver and ruffled his hair. They laughed and talked, shouting at the telly and talking about ridiculous people at their respective works. John told him that he’s working on adopting Oliver, and Greg’s mouth dropped open, then he grinned and squeezed John’s shoulder.
This was new. How many more things would Sherlock neglect to tell him before the night ended? “A target? You didn’t say anything about that.”
Greg invited them to a New Years party at some fancy venue. Most of NSY would be attending, and Greg told him to invite whoever he wanted. Mrs Hudson had went out of town to visit someone, so John invited Harry and her girlfriend, hoping to finally meet her.
“My parents informed me that when they get back into the country, they’d like Oliver and you to visit,” Mycroft said.
John shifted in his seat. Harry was bound to know Sherlock was alive, it had hit the news a while ago after enough people spotted and recognized him. But John didn’t really want to talk about that. He didn’t want to bring it up and watch concern wash over his sister’s face, or answer any of the questions he himself barely had answers to.
“We’re trying for before winter, but a winter wedding might actually be nice, who knows,” Harry said. She sighed and looked out the window, stirring her drink with the straw. While she seemed to be lost in thought, the sandwiches they ordered were ready so John went up and grabbed them.
John took a quick breath, then said, “We had an argument and Oliver ran away and left his phone in the park. I haven’t a clue where he went.”
Molly nodded, and gave him a hug. She said goodbye to Mrs Hudson, then turned to Oliver and held out her hand.
They went over a few details, and John wished her well before they said goodbye. He ended the call and walked through the kitchen towards Oliver’s room, then knocked on the door.
along with books and pens, and a matching globe in the corner of the room. A shelf lined one of the walls, cover in jars that looked like they had dead bugs in them, and a few clusters of dried flowers hung from the top of the windowsill.
The doctor continued, “I’d like to keep Oliver here for a day so we can keep an eye on the stitching. You two can go see him for a few minutes, but he’s very tired and won’t be awake for much longer.”
She stepped out of the room and pulled the door shut. John turned to him, and put the bag he had been carrying on the bed.
John turned on the tap and let it run over the plates, his heart fluttering a bit and his lips pulling downwards. Mrs Hudson sighed, and John turned around, leaning against the counter. She said, “I’m a bit upset he never mentioned you.”
“Hm? What?” Oliver’s head jerked up and he looked around, then turned to see John. John turned away quickly while Oliver stood up, put his notebook down and began fidgeting with his sleeves.
“Oh, um…” Oliver stepped around the chair and offered his hand. John glanced at Mrs Hudson, who for the first time he’d ever seen, looked speechless.
Oliver still felt weird. Someone could hear everything he said to anyone in his room for who knows how long. It make his skin prickle and he felt sick.
There were two packs of cigarettes in his room, and he felt a surge of anxiety. He rushed into his room and dug the first one out from between two unused canvases, and rooted around his bed, trying to find the other one. It had been crammed between his mattress and the wall. It must have fallen. He slid to the floor and looked under his bed, but it wasn’t there. Where the hell did he put it? Wait - did they search the flat last night?
“Why not?” Sherlock snapped, standing up. “Why aren’t you angry at me? Like Oliver was! I don’t understand why you’re so forgiving! Yell at me, punch me, something!”
Violet and Sigar were outside waiting to greet them, and after Violet thoroughly embarrassed Mycroft with her doting and held Oliver in a tight hug for a while, she pulled John into a hug, saying she was glad to see him and it’d been too long. Sigar gave him a firm handshake, and told him their visit was all Violet had talked out leading up to it.
Their evening filled with warmth, all of them in good moods. They enjoyed dinner together in the kitchen, and sat in the living room after, content to be in each other’s company in front of the fire with snow gently tapping the windows outside.
“A few,” John said, looking hesitant. “One in Mrs H’s, two in the hall, and a few around this flat. Even one in my room.”
He opened a few cabinets, knowing he had an extra bag of sugar somewhere, and reached into the back of the cabinet by the doorway. He pulled the bag down, glad Oliver hadn’t dug into it yet - he used way too much sugar in his tea - and was about to shut the cabinet when something shiny caught his eye. John did a doubletake, then raised onto his toes and reached into the back of the cabinet. His fingers brushed against something metal, and he pulled down a small black object.
Oliver looked tired during breakfast, but still gave his grandmother a soft smile and answered his grandfather’s questions about London.
“Do you take sugar?” asked John, looked towards the boy. Oliver’s had turned to look out the doorway, distracted again. “Oliver?”
Sherlock’s hand crept into John’s vision, and two pale fingers tugged at the cuff of his sleeve, begging for a reaction. “I missed you terribly.”
Oliver showed him some of the other rooms, then the downstairs library - which indeed was massive, there wasn’t a bit of wall in sight with the floor to ceiling shelves. Then they put on their coats and took a walk around the grounds. On one of the back porches had an old fashioned telescope set up, bronze in color and probably not very accurate. The mostly dead grass was covered in a layer of snow and frost, and the wind blew around them, but the estate was truly beautiful. A massive garden would grow out behind the house in the spring, and John found himself wishing he could see it in full bloom.
Mycroft shook his head. “He’s always like this. At least whenever I see him - he’s a moody teenager. Similar to Sherlock at his age.”
Oliver inhaled deeply, bit of water still rattling around in his lungs, then curled in on himself, shivering and sobbing.
. He didn’t want to talk about it. He wanted them to forget about it and everything to go back to normal. Before he met Caden, before Sherlock came back. When it was just him and John.
That night John dreamed about Sherlock pushing him off the roof of Bart’s. He slept less than an hour.
Oliver sighed through his nose and tilted his head with his eyes closed. Then he stood abruptly and paced away, his arms crossed over his chest. He paused, facing the back wall of the flat and John waited while Oliver ran his fingers through his curly hair, then hung his head and covered his face with his hands. He heaved a half-gasp, half sob and John shuffled over to him. Oliver’s breath came out in short gasps and his arm shot out to the side, searching for something to grab onto as he fell.
“Do you have any family nearby, John?” She asked, and it took him a moment to even realize. She leaned forward, unnecessarily presenting her cleavage to the whole restaurant. John wanted to go home.
John led both of them up to the flat, and set out the tea he had made, then sat in the chair next to the coffee table. Mycroft sat down on the couch, crossing his foot over his knee. Oliver looked around the flat, his blue eyes flicking to this and that, his headphones back over his ears, before he sat down next to Mycroft.
John felt odd talking about Oliver around Sherlock. There were probably a million reasons why but he couldn’t come up with any right off. He avoided looking at Sherlock when he said, “Oliver’s fine, Mrs H, he’s with his grandparents for now.”
John shook his head and took a deep breath, wiping a hand across his eyes. He didn’t know if they were tears of mirth or hurt, but at this point it was all the same. He didn’t know what to do. Sherlock was here, and that changed
Well, that didn’t mean John couldn’t write. In the end, writing really helped him sort through his thoughts and extraordinary life. And writing took up just enough time that he could do it when he had nothing else to do. John picked up his laptop and sat down in the armchair, propping his cane against the side table. He wouldn’t post his writing anywhere, but he would start writing about his life again to sort through all his emotions.
John ended up sitting at the kitchen table with his laptop, idly clicking random news sites and not really reading anything other than the headlines. Sherlock had moved to the desk a little while after John offered him breakfast and he declined. John hated this. He hated how broken they felt and how like strangers their relationship had become.
Oliver felt his face go hot, Caden leaning above him with a cheeky smile and tousled brown hair. Oliver shot up off the bed and pressed his cold fingers to his cheeks, while Emily started bickering with Caden about something. What the hell was wrong with him?
Sherlock shook his head, looking down at the floor. “I was counting on Moriarty missing her. He hadn’t considered her… important enough.”
John woke up to a text from Mycroft. Not how he usually liked to start his day, but so be it. Mycroft asked if John felt opposed him coming to see Oliver on Sunday, to give the boy his birthday present early (he would be out of the country on the actual day). Confused, John leaned from his bed to look at the calendar on his wall.
“I found an alternative school for Oliver,” Mycroft said. “It’s a little farther away, but the teachers are top of the line professionals, and the students come from respectable families. I can guarantee he won’t have problems with the students there.”
Sherlock took John’s hand from the side of his head and folded their fingers together on the pillow between them. It started to rain outside, the drops tapping on the glass of the window.
Oliver rose onto his toes with excitement and rushed into his room. He came back out with his shoes on, coat over his arm and his phone. “Thank you, John, I promise I’ll be back around eight.”
Oliver pulled the milk out of the fridge and drank straight from it because John wasn’t here to scold him for it, then stood at the counter and made a sandwich. He couldn’t remember the last time he ate. Maybe yesterday morning? Did he eat breakfast yesterday?
“Shh, don’t talk,” John put his hand on Oliver’s back. The position was awkward, with Oliver crouched on the floor and John knelt next to him, one hand on Oliver’s back and the other letting Oliver dig his nails into.
“I don’t - want to be the new kid again,” he started. “The beginning of this year was hard enough, being new, and I already stand out. My accent’s posh, and I’m younger than everyone in my year. I finally
Oliver did, crossing his legs on the seat and rubbing his eyes with another yawn. John sat across from him in his own chair, then reached under it and pulled something out. He held out the plain, unmarked folder and Oliver took it in confusion, looking from it and up to John.
Mycroft visit on the second day, to make sure the doctors were up to his standards, also to tell Oliver that his grandparents knew there had been “an accident”. Oliver’s glad he kept it vague from them.
Later in the night, after dinner, Sherock hadn’t texted or given any indication that he’d be back anytime that night. John tried not to care. Oliver had stretched out on the couch, his notebook on his stomach and a pencil tapping on it while he stared at nothing. John sat in his armchair, reading. He liked the peacefulness, and for just a moment allowed himself to forget their life is changing almost completely now.
John paused, not expecting that. Wouldn’t Oliver rather be with family? “Do you - Would you rather stay here? I figured you’d want to be with family.”
Emily sighed and walked over to him. Oliver frowned. She stuck her hand out, looking him up and down, “Emily.”
He stepped outside and slammed the door behind himself, letting out a huge breath. Sherlock didn’t know. What was he even talking about? It was so vague, Sherlock could have meant anything else. He didn’t know, there’s no way - Oliver’s fine. He shook himself, then left to meet Caden at the park.
Eventually, John had to head back to work. He left promising Harry he’d call more often, and telling her she needed to come visit more and bring her fiancée too. He left the shop feeling lighthearted and happy for her.
John put his hands on the counter, leaning on them. It wasn’t fair that everything was fucked up now. It wasn’t fair that someone got in and destroyed everything right under their noses. Now
“I haven’t had a drink in months,” Harry told him. “Somedays are harder than others, but days like today when I feel energized and happy are what make it worth it.”
Oliver nodded and John left. As soon as the door closed Oliver took a deep breath. He didn’t want to have the conversation with John about the smoking, the drugs,
Sherlock looked up, but didn’t say anything, holding John’s eye contact. John watched as Sherlock’s eyes surveyed every inch of his face, not quite sure what Sherlock was looking for.
“Generally, it can take years to adopt a child, but Oliver’s already been with you over a year. You have direct correlation with his legal guardians, and I work in the government,” Mycroft explained. “If you’re truly serious about it, I can go about switching his guardianship to you without much of a hassle. It may take a month or two to get all the paperwork.”
Later on when the fire roared and everyone found easier conversation, John pulled Molly away from one of Mrs Hudson’s tales to try and talk to her. He wanted to know if she was as okay as she said.
Tell me what you think! Obviously, this is a reference to S3E1 and this is how I think it should have gone. I also changed the guys name because in the show it was Lord Moran and I thought that was too weird considering in ACD canon Sebastian Moran has a story.
Mrs Hudson invited them down for dinner, and they sat and talked with her for almost two hours. She asked how Oliver’s guitar lessons were going, and Oliver said well. John said he learned fast - he could hear Oliver trying to play quietly in his room, and John knew he already made amazing progress.
“Really? Right now?” Oliver asked, watching with excitement as John stood up and stretched his arms above his head. John nodded.
Something flashed across Oliver’s face, but he looked neutral before John could figure out what. “Do you not want me here?”
Oliver had stopped chasing his food across the plate and listened in silence before looking up with his brow drawn together. “Why?”
“Can he do the deductive thing Sherlock could do?” Harry asked. She’d never met Sherlock face to face, and it made John sad to think about. That his sister would never know the man that had such an impact on his life. She knew enough about him from the blogs, newspapers, and reports, though.
Oliver abruptly stood up, “I have to - um,” he waved his hand towards the bathroom and disappeared down the hall.
Also, my update days are switching to Wednesdays, so the next chapter will be out on October 4th (next Wednesday).
Mycroft sighed, “He’s rather good at avoiding CCTV and populated areas. We had eyes on him about half an hour ago, but lost him again.”
Mycroft probably already knew what happened, he was practically omniscient. John leaned back against the counter and shut his eyes. He’d have to call Violet and Sigar, who would lose their minds. John would probably leave out some details that they really didn’t need to know. He opened his eyes and looked at Sherlock, who had strode over to the mantel in the sitting room and was looking at the pictures pinned above it near the mirror.
Oliver slammed the door shut behind him on purpose, his phone already to his ear. Caden answered on the second ring, and Oliver asked, “Can I come over?”
Lestrade invited him out for coffee again after work on Friday. He left Oliver to his own after the boy promised to work on some of his missing assignments. John trusted Oliver to keep his word, and said to call him if he ran into any problems.
Make sure you didn't miss the chapter I posted last Thursday (there were two last week)! That was chapter 10!
Especially the other night, when he came home still a little buzzed off of whatever Caden had given him. Sherlock nor John were in the sitting room or kitchen so Oliver beelined to his room and stayed in there the rest of the night.
Mrs Hudson knew, of course, that Oliver had gotten hurt. John threw the rag he had been using into the sink. “He’s asleep right now. Healing. I’m not sure how - how
Sherlock’s room was the opposite of Mycroft’s. Some of the walls had random paint splatters on it near the floor, probably done when he was a child. The floorboards were scratched up, like the furniture had been regularly moved. There was a huge scorch mark that hit the ceiling on the wall above the desk, heavily cluttered in beakers and chemistry equipment. Papers were
It’s a common three by three, the first one Oliver got, but there’s an octagonal one somewhere and one with numbers instead of colors that Oliver had been working on for a while.
John closed his book, set it down on the coffee table and picked up his beer. “I hope you don’t mind. It would have been a hassle to switch the furniture around since the other bedroom is upstairs.”
Not much later, when it was nearing noon, Emily walked through the sitting room towards the door. John thought it odd that Oliver wasn’t with her.
The next few weeks passed quickly, and Oliver passed all his exams, not to the surprise of John. He received Oliver’s final marks the day before his last day of school, and once again he was one of the top students in his class. Oliver would be home before John on his last day, as he wouldn’t have his astronomy club, but John figured they would go out to eat somewhere nice to celebrate.
“‘S all right,” John said, trying to show Oliver they were on the same side. “I can understand if he’s upset with having to move in with a perfect stranger.”
John sat across from him and Mrs Hudson at the head of the table. Oliver didn’t speak much, pushing his food around on his plate and chewing silently. Mrs Hudson spoke about the café downstairs and the rude trash collector. John nodded and commented when expected. He drank his tea and took a bite of toast but it made him feel sick.
Oliver pushed the door to their flat open and beelined towards his room, so John let him. He didn’t want to push right now - he had a million questions and needed to sit Oliver down to talk to him, but now wasn’t the time. Oliver would probably spend the next day or two mostly sleeping anyways, now that he’s off the consistent painkillers.
I won't keep you up here any longer, I'm sure you want to read. So, here's the final chapter and I hope to see you all in the next one.
John glanced from the desk into the kitchen, where Oliver sat at the table, listening to music and drawing, lost in his own little world. John let a small smile lift his lips. “You’re not going to believe me when I tell you this, but Sherlock’s child is what changed.”
Their ‘date’ ended quickly after that. Apparently, Anna didn’t like the idea of John having a kid. John didn’t know why, but he also really didn’t care. He regretted even accepting the invitation to go out, and had no idea why he decided to. He’s glad it’s over, regardless. Everything about going out with her felt wrong, like he shouldn’t be doing it. Something in his stomach told him not to, and he just left confused and with a headache.
Mycroft nodded and retreated, pulling the door shut behind himself. After another second, Oliver pulled away and looked up at John, face serious. “Is he upstairs?”
“About what?” He managed to keep his voice even. Did Sherlock talk to John? What did Sherlock even know? Oh God, Oliver was dead. John was going to murder him and send his corpse to his grandparents. This is the end.
Sherlock waved towards the door “Oliver's not going anywhere now, and he’s not alone. If anything this is the safest place for him. We have to talk to Mycroft, and there's no better time to track these people than when Oliver’s out of danger. Waiting around isn't going to catch whoever did this to him.”
In the next chapter there's a scene with a lot of spoken French in it (yes, I shamelessly use Google Translate for it).
Yet as soon as he said it, he wished he could take it back. Keep it hidden in the dark recesses of his mind, pretend it never happened and go on still, both pretending to be oblivious to the unnamed tension constantly between them that they tried to ignore day after day.
“Hopefully not,” John responded, pulling out a chair and gesturing for Oliver to sit. The boy shuffled forward and sunk into the chair. Mrs Hudson put a plate of breakfast in front of him and slid the mug of tea over.
Oliver, who looked confused up to this point, shot his head up and looked from Mycroft to John with wide eyes. “Are those-” he didn’t finish his sentence, too busy lunging across the table to grab the folder and throw it open. The folder contained all the information to kick the adoption into gear.
“I’d prefer if you did,” John said, giving a somewhat ‘you’ll do it anyways’ smile. “I think it’d be good for you. Could help your own work as well. And you’ll make some money you can spend on art supplies.”
John set the drawing on the coffee table so it wouldn’t get damaged and reached under the couch to pull out his gift for Oliver. He hefted up the long package and held it out to Oliver, who took it with wide eyes.
“All right, I’ll grab your shoes and you can help me find all the pieces,” John said. He found Oliver’s shoes by the doorway and passed them to him, then got the dustpan from next to the fridge and they both began sweeping up the pieces of glass.
John tried to roll over what he’d learned. There were obvious pieces to the puzzle missing, and he didn’t know if Sherlock left them out intentionally or accidentally. He knew it was Sherlock’s call towards danger that kept him out there. Sherlock could have come home at anytime, but the man’s stubbornness to finish the job kept him away.
“Yes. I don’t really like school,” he swallowed thickly, his eyes on the notebook. “Um. It’s also a new school and new people. It’s… I -” he inhaled deeply, and breathed out, “I don’t know.”
PLEASE leave a review and tell me what you thought about everything that happened in this chapter. There's quiet a bit of development for John and Oliver here.
Oliver walked from the room and led John down the hall to a door that had shapes crudely carved into the bottom of it, like from a child with a dull knife. Oliver pushed the door open and John saw the room was just as large at the guest room, but this one had light blue walls and dark paneling. Many of Oliver’s things were still in the room, and John smiled a bit at what felt like the leftovers of a bright childhood. Oliver walked into the room and started shuffling around, looking for something, and John followed him in.
Oliver slouched in his chair a bit and shrugged. His headphones were around his neck and John worried he would put them on again.
John smiled at him, just as his phone chimed. He picked it up and a message from Mycroft lit up the screen with a simple message:
He took the hand Oliver was holding and pressed Oliver’s hand to own chest. He took a slow, deep breath in, then let it out. John did that a few times until Oliver began to mimic him and the shaking slowed.
Oliver smiled. “It was still drying yesterday. Took me almost five times to do it right, I have a couple of messed-up canvases hidden under my bed.”
“I’m sorry about, you know, the way I left - or, well - how you had to fire me. I didn’t really mean to abandon my job like that,” John said, rather embarrassed.
Mycroft showed up not long after, and moments after introducing him to Harry, John realized they weren’t going to get along. Lestrade came after, and he greeted John unexpectedly with a hug and awkwardly shook Mycroft’s hand. When John introduced him to Oliver he stared at him long enough for Oliver to start squirming.
wow the weeks are FLYING by like where is February going??? January lasted like a decade but it's been two days and February is almost over?
It worked out perfectly, and John wouldn’t have to be alone for long in the flat anymore. Of course, Thursdays and Fridays Oliver would be by himself for a while after school, but John didn’t think it would bother the boy and John could ask Mrs Hudson to check on him if he felt too worried.
“That’s wonderful,” commented John, but Oliver’s talking went on. He kicked off his shoes, talking about one of the girls who looked through just a shooting star passed over, but Oliver saw it anyways. John loved seeing him be passionate about something. He never really seemed
“John!” Ella greeted him with a big smile that made him cringe a bit. She shook his hand and he took his spot in the chair across from her. Maybe he should have chosen a different therapist. Nothing against Ella, just… the room, and all the things he used to talk about in it.
“I’ve been wanting to check on you,” Mrs Hudson says, “But I know you must be tired and I didn’t want to bother you three too much. I’m glad you’re okay, Ollie.”
John put his mug back on the table. He could do this. He could make it work. “There must be a subject you enjoy. Maths?”
John woke early, finally, because today he had to go into work. He currently had four hours of sleep (maybe) and somewhat dreaded having the morning shift. He stumbled downstairs to take a shower and fumble with the coffee maker for a few minutes. He’d need it today. The bag of sugar they had been scooping out of was empty, and he sighed. Oliver had a habit of not throwing things out when they were gone. It led to empty juice cartons in the refrigerator and John never knowing what they actually needed to buy at the grocery.
Really, Harry was glowing. Her smile upon seeing him was big and genuine; gone were the dark rings around her eyes that plagued her for years, and the glinting silver ring on her finger reminded John of why. Her fiancée, Genevieve, was so good for her.
“Just tired.” John picked up his book from the coffee table and sat down in his arm chair. Oliver stayed in the doorway, like he wanted to say something. “What is it?” John asked.
Sherlock stood by the bookshelf, looking over the titles and John wasn’t there, probably up in his room. Oliver, ignoring Sherlock, walked towards the kitchen then realized Emily and Caden hadn’t followed him and instead were gawking at Sherlock. He rolled his eyes. Of course Sherlock’s return had only barely started to be reported on in the news, and he forgot that the better part of the United Kingdom knew the name Sherlock Holmes. So naturally, both his friends looked a little shocked to
John shuffled up to his room and changed into dry clothes, then picked up a towel and rubbed it through his hair. He went back down into the living room and passed through the kitchen to gather up Oliver’s clothes. There were bloodstains on his white button up and John sighed and closed his eyes.
Hey guys! Sorry I missed posting yesterday, I was having a bad day and seriously wasn't in the mood to edit and post this.
Sherlock was looking now too, his brow drawn and head tilted, fingers paused over the laptop keys. John moved out of his chair. Another attack? They hadn’t happened his often for over a year now. God, Oliver’s been set so far back. Maybe he should go back on his medication.
Oliver’s stomach twisted and he dug his nails into the doorframe, looking away from Sherlock. “You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
John added water, sugar and a teabag to a second mug, set it on the table, then leaned back against the counter. Oliver pulled his headphones out of his bag and hung them around his neck. John sipped his coffee and asked, “Isn’t there supposed to be a tie with that?”
Oliver started school on a warm August day, a refreshing change from the rain and wind they had the past few days. He looked eager, straightening his shirt and running his fingers through his hair. Hopefully this year would be better than last year. Oliver looked optimistic, and he said the astronomy club would start up in a week.
The door opened and Oliver’s doctor walked in with her clipboard. Oliver wondered if doctors just carried those around to look important sometimes.
John nodded. The hospital visiting hours opened at seven thirty, so John just had to find ways to keep busy until then. He’d rather get rid of anything dangerous out of Oliver’s room now than later.
-In this AU(ish), the only people who know Sherlock faked his death are Molly, and about 30 people in the homeless network.
They arrived at the hospital and had to wait two long hours, and it was dark when Oliver came out of surgery. His doctor materialized in front of them, and John jolted, not realizing he had been entirely zoned out.
She didn't say a single thing, just sat there, and eventually Oliver opened his eyes, wondering why. She looked so tired and her brown eyes were red around the edges. Brown like Caden's. Oliver turned his head away.
“A focus is good, but don’t forget to take care of yourself,” Ella said. “Don’t make Oliver feel like a replacement. He’s his own person.”
The sun had already sunk below the horizon, and Mrs Hudson yawned, then said goodnight. She’d be off somewhere else for all of tomorrow, so she wished them a happy Christmas and John gave her a gift early (tickets for a cruise in a few weeks), then said goodnight.
Oliver was done with the room, holding a couple books under his arm, so John followed him out and door the hall. Oliver pointed out the master bedroom, one of the sitting rooms and the second library - “the first is downstairs and massive” - then opened the door to another bedroom.
John pulled Oliver to his chest in a hug. He held the back of Oliver’s head and felt Oliver’s fingers grip his coat. John shut his eyes when he felt the boy shudder a sob into his shoulder, thin fingers digging into his back. He held Oliver and let him cry, gently threading his fingers through the boy’s wet hair and rocking forward slightly moving his leg under him so he was sitting with Oliver between his legs.
also i was listening to Saturn by Sleeping At Last which is the song i was listening to a year ago when i had the idea for this story and my muse was like"tiME TO FINISH THIS STORY"
John sighed and moved towards the desk in the sitting room, but saw Oliver pause in the kitchen. Oliver turned to look at John, his eyes wide and his knuckles shaking where he gripped the back of the dining chair.
Oliver dazed in an out of the conversation, listening contently but occasionally seeming to drift away into his mind. John recognized the pull of his lips and quirk of his eyebrows. John closed his eyes for a moment, tilting his head down and trying to push the expression from his mind. Mrs Hudson kept trying to pull the boy back into the conversation.
“He changed so much the past few years and was so quiet and reserved. I don’t know what happened and we were so worried. That’s why we thought he needed a change of scenery,” she sighed and tilted her head, looking out the window. “It’s nice he’s opening up. He finally looks happy again.”
. He just didn't want to deal with it. He was sick of it. Sick of feeling everything so intensely, or even at all. So he didn't, he didn't think about it, and he stared out at the grey sky - empty minded.
“Finally.” Oliver sighed. He curled his fingers in the sheets of his bed, looking down at his dry hands. With the relief of going home came anxiety - the dread at going back to the flat, where he could no longer avoid talking, no longer have his own space.
planned to punch Sherlock, but instead the boy snatched his notebook off the desk, looked Sherlock dead in the eye and said. “I hate you.”
Oliver drew his eyebrows together and stood up. He didn’t have any height on her, but he sneered in the way he had seen Mycroft do when he wanted someone to feel small. “What? Forty-two?”
leave, he was so guilty for leaving yesterday. He knew Oliver was safe here, and he knew Mycroft himself could probably watch Oliver, or even have one of his men make sure Oliver was safe at all times. They really did need to find out who did this, especially if it was related to who was spying on them. It’d be better now than when Oliver comes home.
John snapped his book shut, startling Sherlock, and stood. He grabbed an extra blanket and dropped it on the couch for Sherlock, then walked up to his room without saying anything else. Things were awkward enough, and John was prepared for the little sleep he’d get that night.
John frowned, Oliver hadn’t come out yet. He lifted his cane off the back of his chair and limped to the door, then knocked softly, “Are you all right?”
Just another thing he added to his list of differences between Oliver and Sherlock. Oliver listened to a rustic kind of acoustic rather than classical.
The month went on, and June came. Oliver did well enough on his exams, so he’ll continue to stay in the year ahead, and John told him about the vacation he planned. They decided on going east to Botany Bay, a rural area with a beautiful white rock cliffside beach and a small town. Oliver didn’t want to go overseas, and John was okay with staying closeby. Oliver told John in excitement the sky would be a lot more clear over the ocean, and he wanted to bring his telescope.
. There’s a massive crack between them that John’s worried will never be healed, and they both know it.
“As I expected,” Mycroft said, and John could practically hear the aristocratic nod he gave when he was right about something. “I told him to ask you, I’m a bit surprised it took this long for him to work up the courage. You mightn’t be surprised to hear my parents have suggested it in the past as well.”
“Because of everything that’s been going on at your school, we think it’d be safer if you moved to a different one,” explained John.
Oliver raised an eyebrow, but leaned forward and gave her hand a firm shake, “Oliver.” He looked her over in the same way she did him. Lighter hair than Molly’s, held back off her face in a ponytail, unfortunately the same height as himself and her skin a few shades tanner (probably from her father, as Molly looked relatively fair skinned, so her sister should be too). She reminded Oliver of all the girls in his year who had high pitched laughs, chewed too much gum and texted under the table during class.
When John felt like they aren’t going to find anything else, they left Oliver’s room. It’s almost open visiting hours for the hospital, and something occurred to John.
Violet continued on, pulling the until now quite Mycroft into the conversation with Sigar. John glanced at Oliver, whose face was still tinged red, but his mouth was quirked a bit where he stared down at his plate.
okay so another transitional, heavy chapter. but this one is sorta the turning point for the last "arc" as the story comes to a close. As most of you have probably seen, i've marked this story to be 20 chapters long, and it will probably be around that (maybe 21-22). my biggest problem right now is theres a specific plot line i'm having trouble wrapping up, but i'll figure it out.
Sherlock stepped back and put his hands on John’s shoulders. “Not everything is awful. We’re all together, right?”
John paid for those guitar lessons and the next day, Oliver’s birthday, gave him the rental guitar he purchased. His grandparents had a few gifts for him, as did Mycroft. Before they left for home, though, John put a folder on the table in front of everyone. Of course Mycroft already knew of it’s contents, as he gave it to John a few days prior. Sigar must have figured it out, and Violet looked from the folder of papers to John, her face lighting up.
The nurse finally left Oliver's room after going through the painstaking task of changing the bandages around his torso. The entire time, Oliver purposely didn't look because he didn't want to see any of the bruises or gnarly stitching below his ribs. It made him sick enough just thinking about it. After she finished, he looked out the window again, trying to readjust himself to the dull throbbing pain.
“Oh, it starts Monday I think,” He looked down at his plate and chased an egg across it with his fork.
Mycroft’s driver brought them home after lunch, and the car ride was quiet. Oliver had his headphones over his ears and he fidget with his rubik’s cube but John could see the slight tilt of a smile at the edge of his mouth.
If you guys haven't noticed, this is marked as the first fic in a series. I know people who write fan fictions into series run the risk of losing readers, but I really hope you guys stay with me.
“Well, I’m leaving in a few days to visit my sister for a bit, he’s welcome to use my room while I’m gone,” She said, handing him a pot to dry. “Least until you three sort yourselves out.”
John started counting and he raced to the right, towards the access stairs that down led to a concrete slab and the tiny bank of dirt next to the river. He lept over the chain gate and rushed down the stairs, darting his eyes around, trying to find where he last saw Oliver in the darkness. It was too dark, he’d never find him, and his heart thudding in his ears made it hard to hear any movement. He strained to look past the surface, but still couldn’t see a thing.
He looked down, confused, and Caden yanked his arm away. Oliver gasped, doubling over at the sharp feeling of something being
It question took John by surprise, but after a moment, he realized it shouldn’t have. John’s shoulder’s sagged a bit. “No, he didn’t. Mycroft told me about you only a few days ago.”
Again, he ran. Oliver had stopped moving right by the river, only a block away now. John swung around the corner and slid on the ice again but caught himself and kept running. The street lights that lined the embankment wall lit up the devoid area, and John knew Oliver should be
I don't know if anyone noticed yet, but the chapter titles are the names of constellations. Each one relates to the chapter on a very low scale. In this one, John had Oliver get his telescope and they went to the park (even though that isn't a scene), hence the name Telescopium “The Telescope” constellation. The last one had the clock (timer) on the bomb and it was the constellation Horologium “The Clock”.
Oliver spun his phone in his hand. There’s no way he’d bring Emily even if he did go. She already rat him out to John. He did want to go see Caden, because he wanted them to be okay, but he was still worried. He put a hand to his hair, tugging at a curl. Then he saved Emily’s contact in his phone to speed dial, because if Caden was going to be awful again, he’d rather call her than anyone else right now. If he was going to leave, John didn’t need to know. John was with Sherlock on a case, so what were the actual chances that he’d look at the tracker on Oliver’s phone? He could just go to the warehouse quick and be home quick.
After a nudge from Mrs Hudson and that mention from Lestrade, John finally got around to calling his sister. Harry had tried calling him over and over right after Sherlock’s death, but after the millionth time of him ignoring her calls and she gave up. She sounded a lot more awake and sober in the call than he had ever heard before, which made him happy. They both seemed to be dealing with their demons.
John pulled himself away from Sherlock, careful not to wake him. He left the room, feeling empty, like he was just going through the motions. He took a shower and changed into clean clothes, then started a pot of coffee just as Sherlock walked into the kitchen, looking rumpled. It was just barely after six in the morning, and neither of them had slept very much. John slid a mug of coffee across the table for Sherlock. Sherlock rubbed a hand down his face and picked it up.
Oliver finally got to go home after his fifth day in the hospital. The entire stay had been the most boring five days of his life, and he spent most of it sleeping. John visited him everyday, sometimes with Sherlock, but Oliver still felt too embarrassed to talk to him, so they never stayed long. It made Oliver feel
The phone clicked and John shut his eyes, lowering the phone from his face. He looked around the park once more, then numbly made his way back to Baker Street, walking through what felt like a thick fog. He went through the motions of taking off his coat and didn’t even think as he opened the cabinet under the sink where he had put all the alcohol he hadn’t opened. This was his fault,
that. “I brought some clothes for you to change into. I’ll wait in the hall, just shout when you’re done.”
“Sorry to interrupt,” she said, “Do you two mind stepping into the hall for a moment while I change Oliver’s bandages?”
“Don’t worry,” Oliver said, then immediately slid off the back and landed on his rear on the sofa. Mrs Hudson snorted a laugh and John shook his head. Oliver looked up with a grin, and honest to God laughed for the first time John had ever heard. He sounded so much younger when he laughed, and John wished he would do it all the time. It rang out like a child’s, the expression of joy spreading to Mrs Hudson and John until all of them were laughing along.
Caden picked up a can and chucked it across the room, letting it clang off a metal door. “So, was your dad mad when you got home? You must have reeked of smoke.”
That night when they lay next to each other in bed, neither were ashamed to wrap around each other. They both lay on their sides, facing each other in the dark. John ran his fingers slowly through Sherlock's hair, the curls wrapping around his fingers as he pulled away. He wondered how Sherlock kept his hair so soft. John rested his hand in Sherlock’s hair, rubbing his thumb across Sherlock’s temple.
Oliver looked over his shoulder, his teeth grit. He had a tight grip on his hand, dark blood oozing out from between his fingers and dripping into the sink. “I - uh, I hit it against the counter on accident and it shattered.”
“Don’t worry about me, John,” Molly said. “I spent a few weeks over in Harlow with my sister’s family.”
John hadn’t expected it to be so cold, and he shivered when he stepped outside. The crisp air had that winter smell to it, and John secretly hoped they wouldn’t get snow this year. He met Lestrade at the same warm little café and when Lestrade showed up, he definitely looked better than the first time. The tired eyes were gone, and he had gotten some color back, but he smelt of cigarettes. John knew better than to say anything about that.
Oliver had a minor panic attack a few days into February, and he let John sit on the couch with him during it, but other than that, things were going well at Baker Street.
Mycroft left soon after. He mussed Oliver’s hair and gave him a one-armed hug. Oliver left the sitting room for a quick shower to warm up and get the grime out of his hair. John sat down in his arm chair, trying to read, but his leg was bouncing and he still felt anxious from the past days events. Nervous about if he could be enough for Oliver - he already almost ruined it. Did Oliver see it that way?
John stepped forward and snapped his fingers to get Oliver’s attention. “Oliver,” he said patiently. “I can’t understand you. English, please.”
Oliver seemed a bit embarrassed by the conversation, judging my his increasing fascination with the skin around his nails.
“Start by finishing that, and I’ll give your school a call in the morning,” John said. Oliver’s lips quirked up and he spun around, going to his room.
“I encouraged the idea,” he said. “Oliver’s happy in London, and he wants to stay with you. I doubt he’ll return to the estate permanently, unless you have him leave - with I also doubt will happen.”
It took Sherlock a long, draining fortnight to get to where he needed to be in East Russia. He knew where the main bases of operation for the people working under Moriarty were, and he had a plan to take them out. In the time it took him to get started under a masked identity, he caught wind of people working for his brother already dismantling the web. He used them as cover.
John grabbed his wrist, making him turn, and gave him a look. “Can we attempt to be civilized? When was the last time you saw him?”
The driver huffed and drove anyways, John could hear Oliver’s teeth chattering. He couldn’t imagine how cold Oliver felt, John himself was shivering and he had more layers on. John looked out the window to see a dusting of snow start falling from the sky.
Caden tilted his head, trying to catch Oliver’s eyes. “You can even punch me in the face if you want, right now. I deserve it.”
Oliver woke up half past eleven in the morning, and checked his phone. A voicemail from John lit it up, and he listened to it immediately. It said John and Sherlock got a hit and had to leave, but it Oliver needs anything at all, just text and John will come home as fast as he can. John also said he doesn’t want Oliver leaving the flat, and Emily is there to look out for him.
Oliver’s eyes shot down to the duvet he sat on, and flicked across it while he thought. “Um, if- if it’s all right I could stay here,” he looked back up. “I’m pretty sure Uncle is busy during Christmas.”
Mrs Hudson came up to their flat with cupcakes before they left for the Holmes estate the day before Oliver’s birthday. She wished him a happy birthday and gave him a tight hug, leaving him flustered and looking embarrassed, but John knew he loved how doting she acted towards him.
John just stood there, watching his child’s face for a moment. He didn’t want to leave Oliver here, he didn’t want to go, but Oliver was clearly not going to talk to him. He looked like he didn’t even want to be near them and it broke John’s heart. It’d be better to give Oliver some space, though, just until he’s more willing to talk. But he doesn't want to leave again, he can’t bring himself to.
He looked down to his lap so John wouldn’t see his face pale, and pretended to check a message on his phone.
“So, Oliver,” John started, and cerulean eyes flicked to his. John quickly looked away and took a deep breath. He focused his eyes on the table where Oliver had rested his hand. “What do you like to do? Hobbies? Interests?”
They started walking around, like they usually did at the warehouse. Even though they came here a few times a week, there was always something new or weird for them to find. New graffiti, another broken window, a door that hadn’t been opened before. A dead cat lay rotting by one of the windows, half eaten by some other animal, flies buzzing around it. Oliver scrunched his nose and looked away, while Caden picked up a rock and threw it at the corpse.
A small smile tugged at the edges of Oliver’s mouth and he looked back down at the paper to hide it.
“I don’t think he can,” John said. “At least not at the intensity that either the Holmes brothers can, but he’s very smart. I think he pretends to be less smart than he really is, actually.”
Oliver hugged his arms to himself, shaking violently, his blue eyes wide and pale skin a sick blue. John couldn’t even describe the relief that washed over him. He put his wrist against Oliver’s forehead, then the back of his palm to the boy’s cheek. He was ice cold, but alive. That’s what mattered.
“Oliver, your room is just through there if you want to unpack,” John said, looking past Oliver and towards the hall. “The door at the end of the hall.”
door hung open and John could see his shadow moving about the room, the soft slide of drawers being closed. While deciding whether or not he wanted to start a conversation, Oliver’s arm appeared and pressed the door shut with a soft click. Guess not. Made it easier on John, then.
“Good morning,” John said, walking a past him to the kitchen. Oliver didn’t say anything. John took a deep breath, and put a kettle on the stove.
Ella gave him a sympathetic smile and nodded. “It can be hard, especially if he resembles his father. But like I said, he is his own person. Don’t make him think you can’t stand him.”
He pulled his coat on and rushed from the flat in a flurry. John tapped his good leg up and down for a full minute, worrying his lip between his teeth before he caved. Oliver’s new phone had a GPS tracker on it, after he lost his last one in the dumpster he had been forced into. John specifically asked for one with the tracker, just in case. John pulled up Oliver’s phone location on his laptop and watched as the little blinking dot made it’s way through the streets to the little park, then stopped.
John pulled his arm away and covered his face with his hands, elbows on the table. There weren’t enough words to express what he felt. The emotions didn’t have names, too fleeting to identify and too raw to grab onto. Of course he missed Sherlock too,
John set the mugs on the table and Mrs Hudson turned around with a plate of eggs and bacon, “Sit down, dear, you’re too thin. You’ll make sure he eats, won’t you John? If his eating habits are anything like Sherlock’s we’ll have to force the food down his throat.”
“So when you go out, I need you to check in a lot more,” John said, tilting his head to catch Oliver’s eyes. “I need to know where you are at all times.”
I almost forgot to post this today... here's another shitty chapter I guess?? Sorry if there's any typos, I didn't have the chance to proof read it.
“Oh god,” John whispered, cradling Oliver to him. He pressed his free hand down on the wound, trying to stop the blood flow and making Oliver wince. “Fuck, Ollie, you have to stay awake.”
“Good afternoon John,” Mycroft said, putting his hand on the boy’s shoulder, and the boy slid one of the headphones off his ear. “This is Oliver. Oliver, say hello to Doctor John Watson.”
John sat back in his chair, mentally adding that to a list of things to do. If it helped Oliver enjoy school and do better, John would get him there.
“Come on, Molly, it’s just going to be a few of us. Like Christmas last year,” he swallowed thickly, trying not to dwell on
Everything about the next morning felt awkward. John tried to go about his normal routine of coffee (he really needed it today), showering and brushing his teeth. The whole time Sherlock sat on the couch, his elbows on his knees and steepled fingers balancing his chin. He had been awake when John came downstairs, yawning and rubbing at his face. Sherlock looked like he might not have even tried to sleep with the darkening rings around his eyes.
John set his mug on the coffee table. “Can you tell me why you got so upset last night? It was about Mycroft and I wanting to transfer you to a different school, yeah?”
John glanced up and caught odd expression cross Oliver’s face, but he kept his head tilted towards the table. “He never told you…?”
John chuckled and led her up the stairs to 221B. Mrs Hudson greeted Harry with a big smile, saying she’d wanted to meet the other Watson for months now. Harry laughed, and said she would’ve been around sooner if John had just invited her. John rolled his eyes as that.
Oliver sighed. “Can I go up there now and get this over with or are we gonna keep looking disappointedly at each other?”
During a day in early February Oliver left his drawing notebook out on the kitchen table while he went the bathroom. John tilted his laptop screen down to look at it, and saw, with a bit of pride, a finished drawing of John himself sat at the desk in the other room with a cup of tea in front of him, his head turned to look outside at the falling snow. Smiling, John returned to writing and didn’t mention it when Oliver returned to pick up the book and go into his room.
“No! It’s not-!” Oliver cut off and sat heavily on the couch, picking up a pillow and shoving his face into it. John moved to sit down next to him, feeling bad about almost laughing. He put his hand on Oliver’s back, which seemed to help, and Oliver sighed, then pulled his face away from the pillow.
That weekend when Sherlock was out for some reason and John and Oliver were home, they sat in the kitchen while waiting for dinner to cook. Oliver was trying to read, but his leg was bouncing and he had to keep re-reading the same paragraph.
“He has an anxiety disorder, and a monthly prescription for it,” Mycroft said. John’s mind went to what he knew about anxiety. It could be genetic sometimes, but he doubted Oliver got it from Sherlock. It also had to be relatively inhibiting if he needed medication for it.
. It's in bold and italics because it wasn't obvious enough when I proof-read it when it was only italics.
“All right, Oliver,” She said, way too excited. “You’re set to go home as long as you take it easy for the next week. No long walks, running, lifting. After you start to feel your energy return, you can do a bit more but wait on any strenuous activity until you see your stitches dissolve.  Doctor Watson played a big part in getting you out early, so he’ll be overseeing your care, but I’m sure you expected that.”
John quickly snapped out of his shock, and tried to offer a convincing smile, holding out his hand. “You can call me John.”
“If everything all right, dear? I heard quite a lot of shouting,” she said. “Was that Ollie that just left? Is he all right?”
-These first two chapters being the exception, I will be updating weekly. I have almost all 18 chapters written right now, so don't worry about late updates. I try to keep the chapters between 3k and 5k words long.
Oliver turned and stood up, brushing the rumples out of his shirt. “I -um, I stopped taking my pills.”
Mycroft picked them up around nine in the morning on Saturday. The ride to the estate was long and quite but not really awkward. Oliver spent the time staring out the window and absently twisting his rubik’s cube. John leaned his elbow on the door and read one of his books until they got there. John had met Violet and Sigar Holmes a small handful of times, and had been to the estate once, and though it was barely a ten minute visit he already knew the house was massive and filled with expensive furniture. Sherlock had once said something about their being two libraries. He wondered if during that ten minute visit, had Oliver been in the mansion somewhere?
He woke up late because it took him ages to fall asleep. He stretched his arms out then hauled himself out of bed and checked his phone. Oliver left him a message about twenty minutes ago saying he was leaving to go meet Emily and Caden, and Sherlock was downstairs. John didn’t mind that Oliver went with his friends, but it left John feeling a little lonely knowing the shy thirteen year old he once knew was growing up.
Sorry about this being short, I'm going through some stuff in my real life and it's affecting my motivation with this story. Don't worry though, I refuse to give up on this one, and for sure will finish.
Oliver chewed his bottom lip and brushed his curls out of his face, looking towards the window. “Uncle Mycroft said Sherlock doesn’t have friends.”
Oliver snapped his head to look at John and his face turned red in less than a second. He hesitated, then blurted out, “It’s - it’s just that everything is changing and I - I hate it because Emily’s still annoying but I don’t really mind her, she’s just stubborn but she’s my friend now and, and, I’ve never really made friends before. But now it’s happening kinda fast and Caden doesn’t mind how strange I can be and he - he likes astronomy too, and he’s good at maths, and he likes my art and he has these stupid perfect white teeth and his hair is like -
“This doesn’t concern you,” he growled lowly, and John couldn’t help the loud, frustrated groan that escaped his lips then.
“Goodnight, Sherlock…” he breathed out quietly, his eyes falling shut. A few beats passed, and John was almost positive he’d fallen asleep on him before he spoke up softly.
Sherlock finished and looked up at John, furrowing his brow in surprise to see him still standing there like an idiot. John sighed heavily, scanning his face for a moment before shrugging.
The small lens on the front was completely painted black, probably spray painted in a rush. Sherlock turned his head slightly, gazing down the street and spotting the next closest one, the same dark splatter on it.
The people began to scatter like ants around him, making beelines to stand beneath canopies and bricked doorways, yet Sherlock found his feet permanently glued to the ground, unable to move. He could feel the stares on his face, burning his skin like sunburns. Squeezing his eyes shut, he dug his fingernails into the palms of his hands and inhaled sharply, willing himself to just stop and THINK.
John managed to drag Sherlock around the town for a few more hours, even visiting the beach, but he could tell he was getting bored and slightly agitated, as he usually did when he was in unfamiliar settings while not on a case. John agreed to catch a train back to London, and they got lucky when they snagged a compartment all to their own.
He finally found all of his clothes, slipping on his underwear, then his pajama pants and a long sleeved shirt, yanking up the sleeves to his elbows. John smiled a bit, watching him shake his hair out, his curls bouncing around briefly before turning to face them.
When Oliver went into his room to finished packing up his overnight bag, John pulled Mrs Hudson into the sitting room and told her he had papers to adopt Oliver that he planned on getting all the signatures for tomorrow. She actually
John took another moment to compose himself, then took out his phone and opened the GPS tracker and watched as Oliver made his way towards the park. The little dot on his screen stayed at the park, and when John felt sure Oliver didn’t intend on leaving, he pulled on his jacket, grabbed Oliver’s - which the foolish boy had left behind - and left the flat.
John pushed the door open. Oliver sat at his desk, his headphones around his neck and a pencil in his hand. A work in progress drawing laid across his desk, on a large sheet of paper he had brought home in a roll the day before. John couldn’t tell what Oliver planned out yet, most of it looked sketchy and rough, but he had no doubt it’d be a masterpiece.
“Because, it made sense that something like this would happen. I knew he wanted me to kill myself, that why he was destroying my image, and I was going to make it look like just that,” Sherlock explained. “I couldn’t tell you beforehand, because the sniper watching you had to believe your reaction. It had to be entirely authentic.”
John and Sherlock’s fight ran out of steam after almost an hour of stomping around and shouting about anything and everything. Now they sat up in 221B, at opposite ends of the couch, not talking. It was awful.
The next day, they had a little post-Christmas with the fire roaring and some leftovers from lunch at the estate. Oliver ran into his room, saying he had something for John that wasn’t ready the day before. He walked back out a moment later, looking a little embarrassed, but then held out a small canvas with a painting on it. John took it and stared in awe.
Mrs Hudson stood in the kitchen doorway and asked, “Are you two all right?” Which caused them to laugh even more.
“No, it’s just…” Oliver fidgeted with the hems of his sleeves and looked away. John knew the sign that he had something on his mind.
Oliver looked up from his bookshelf, and John turned the photo to him. “Er, that was… six years ago? I think it was my eighth birthday,” Oliver took the photo to look at it. “It was the first time actually realized who Sherlock was.”
Oliver nodded, head tilted down, and walked to his room. John really hoped he didn’t end up vomiting, the strain on his stomach might be too much for his stitches.
He pulled his hands away from his face and dropped them to the table, looking back at Sherlock, the thick silence dancing around them once more. Neither of them knew what to do, where to go from here.
Sarah gave him a half smile of sympathy that just made him feel worse. “You were a great physician, John, and we’d love to have you back.”
“Yes, actually,” started John. “I’ve had a talk with him about it, and I hoped we’d be able to work something out…”
John shot awake hours later with a pulsing headache. He checked his phone, saw the time nearing ten in the morning. He felt awful, like he had swallowed a swamp tried to sweat it out. Before he got in the shower he called Mycroft, antsy for information. Oliver obviously hadn’t been brought home last night, but maybe Mycroft had him anyways.
The next morning when John walked downstairs, Oliver was already awake and sitting on the couch, staring at nothing while he absently rubbed his thumb over the burns John knew were on the inside of his left elbow. John sat down next to him, and Oliver pulled his sleeve down, looking at his lap.
Oliver nodded, his watery eyes flicking back and forth between John’s. Oliver inhaled sharply, then let it out. John breathed too, feeling his shoulders untense with each breath, until Oliver looked calmer.
Oliver nodded, inspecting the cube and letting out a deep, shuddering breath. He turned it over in his hands while saying, “I hate having attacks like this. I don’t even know where I get it from.”
Emily rolled her eyes. “Yeah, and it’s not weird that you were just ‘in the area’ since you live nowhere near here.”
Lestrade suggests that he and Mycroft mess with a good thing. Fuckbuddies to more. Romantic. No smut, just innuendo.
Violeta Lomax was not a villain from a novel, she was simply a concerned sister. She’d heard about Lomax’s injuries from his landlord, who was distantly related to the family, and when she’d understood that he had to remain under direct doctor’s care, naturally, she thought the worst.
John’s hands went to the buttons of his shirt but even before he parted the fabric, Sherlock noticed the wet spots
Content Notes/Warnings: Holmes/Watson; foot fetish; a bit of kink negotiation, non-con foot touching.
Molly smiled at Jim, then at Seb, then reached a hand between her legs and wriggled. She produced something which she unfolded, revealing two curling rows of spiked teeth.
Holmes Minor February prompt: cupboards, cabinets, and chests; Flash Fiction DAY 3: the language of flowers, pajamas, and a secret passageway; I also selected at random a card from my Edward Gorey card pack The Helpless Doorknob: A disguised person came to one of the side doors.
“I’m still trying to convince Sherlock to go. Maybe if you promise him a free pumpkin, he will. I’ve seen the look in his eyes when we pass certain shop windows. He’s quite keen to carve one, though he’d never admit it.”
“It was a family emergency, sir. The daughter of his cousin has taken grievously ill. She’s always been a weak thing, poor Daisy, has, and her mother sent word for Sir Adrian to come and see if there’s anything he could do.”
For Kinktober Day 13 - Distant/Distracted Sex and for my B-3 Ladies Bingo card 'the early hours before dawn.'
“It was a discussion involving stark differences of opinion,” said Sherlock wryly, “whose heat lent itself nicely to other exchanges.” He looked at John. “It was nice,” he added softly. “We should do it again sometime.”
“All right. Put Mayfair on ice. New priority: find out what product that flea-bitten hearth rug uses in his hair.”
He closes his eyes and strokes his prick, letting tiny sighs escape when he thinks of Mycroft’s hand on him. He tries to match the rhythm of his fantasy. He’d love to slick a finger and tease his rim with the other hand, but his position on the bed, on his side, won’t allow for that, not without possibly disturbing John.
Sometimes, an escape is required, and I find it there, in tiles and cushions and shining brass and polished woodwork.
I see it when I close my eyes: his mad kicks, his mad clawing at air, his mad fall, his mad body striking the rock.
“What? What” Grodman sputtered as he tried to stand but was, somehow, held down by the swathes of blue-and-yellow.
But I had to sleep sometime. And just before sleep came, my traitorous mind always scampered off into patches of thorny brambles. Slipping into Watson’s mind like a nightmare. Or, perhaps, dare I think it, a welcome dream?
Irene’s hand, of course, was between Kate’s legs. Fondling Kate’s pussy had been a near obsession and death had not, apparently, diminished her appetite for it.
The darkness lifted to reveal a hovering figure with a long neck, a pair of glowing oval eyes, and, atop a grey bulbous head…
“January 14. The Feast of Asses. Not intended to the observed this way, but…” Mycroft turned his head.
The tentacle slithered down Lestrade’s body. It moved lazily along the waist of Lestrade’s pyjama bottoms before dipping inside and brushing bare skin.
She let him fold her in his arms. She let him hide his face in her neck. She told herself the dampness was sweat. Criminal masterminds didn’t cry.
“—and you sprang into the street. You passed by me on your way out. I was, of course, breakfasting in the style of one who is not a savage invalid, that is to say, at a table, and followed with your coat and slippers. Per your instance, we went straight to Scotland Yard.”
And when Watson finally surrendered hope and allowed himself to be led away, I, too, surrendered my soul to the path that I had chosen.
“I’m surprised you’re still sleeping. I thought you’d be at the lab, what with your discovery yesterday.”
“Is this?” Sherlock reaches into the pocket of John’s shorts and pulls out a small bottle of lubricant.
“Indeed. I never envy Doctor Watson’s lot, but I am relieved as it halves mine. Might I offer you a ride, Detective Inspector?”
Holmes slept peacefully and woke in much lighter spirits despite the bruised ribs and contusions. And whenever the memory of Openshaw surfaced, as it did, on occasion, he would think of his battle with the ruffians near Waterloo Bridge and imagine he was defending that fresh-faced lad of two-and-twenty. And, no longer plagued by the memory of the client he had lost, he threw myself into life without reservation, or ghostly burden.
Toby’s meowed reply expressed his hope that the company was bringing appropriate gifts for the true proprietor of the residence.
I had envisioned the whole scenario. I would place Holmes in the earth as one might tuck a sleepy child into bed. And then? And then I would join him. I would lie curled beside him, pull the dirt atop us like bedclothes, and rest.
“There is nothing ‘natural’ about this,” said Sherlock through clenched teeth. He sniffed the glass, then raised an eyebrow. “Grapefruit juice.”
They were padding together as one down the hallway, with Sherlock’s cock lodged deep inside John. The spurts and orgasms had passed as had the thickest of the lust fog, but the knot had not deflated yet.
The kiss was hot and sweet and as delicious as Mycroft’s dreams. He curled his arms up and around as lips moved against his. A head tilted, a mouth opened, a gentle swipe of tongue as eager hands roamed all over the dark brown cashmere.
Content Notes: Holmes & Watson; crack; humour; Bessie the Housemaid & Mrs. Hudson; a bit of Woosterism.
“Oh, it’s ‘Tiger’ now, eh? All right. I’ll keep your secret. I’m going to hit the gym, then head home.”
“I am dreadfully sorry, Detective Inspector. I am not certain what came over me. I am not myself at the moment. It’s probably jet lag. I just returned from Beijing. But may I ask what brings you here so handsomely, uh, that is to say, so suddenly ‘cross my humble threshold?”
Holmes shivered as I coated my palm, and when I wrapped my hand ‘round of the base of him and gave his shaft a maiden stroke, he groaned and leaned forward.
Well, I supposed it was part of the rules that once you found Smee, you were supposed to wait in silence until, one by one, the rest of the party found you.
“Really. Is that not why you killed Arthur Constant? And then Marie Turner when she realised what you had done?”
“All right, you’ve pressed our hands. Seb, in fact, has the most beautiful cock ever created. It would be pure joy to watch it disappear between those beautiful lips of yours. I’d rim you silly while you did, of course.”
And now in this Tibetan cave, which resembles nothing so much as a tomb of a king, of a prophet, of a heretic, of a god, I am learning, through the patience and grace of my teacher, to still my mind and unify my desires, that my life force my flow like a single mighty river, instead of being diverted in a multitude of trickling streams. Yes, I am learning, to bend my body and mind in curious and surprising ways.
It was the first day of spring for me though the calendar and the lovely view of Sussex beyond the windowpane begged to differ. The natural world had long been roused from its winter’s nap. I was late to fete.
“Good to know. By the way, I was enjoying your recitation. That’s why I didn’t make my presence known sooner.”
“A good companion, hm?” I said, taking the stick from his hands and rising to my feet and giving the driftwood a sharp stab.
She came just as she said she would, then she crawled towards the head of the bed and propped herself up.
“—ours being temporary eviction. Mrs. Hudson has banned us from the premises for the summer, effectively immediately. I’ve packed your things. You’ve saved me a trip to your club.”
“Christ, what you get to wake up next to, Sherlock,” murmured Lestrade as she nuzzled John’s cleavage.
“That should have been your first clue that something was amiss, Mister Holmes,” said Mrs. Hudson who had mastered the fine art of the delegation of domestic tasks in the cradle.
He had scanned the contents of the fridge for a couple seconds before Sherlock’s music suddenly stopped. He looked over his shoulder, frowning slightly, and heard the slow creak of the guest bedroom door open. Sherlock’s heavy footsteps padded down the hall, and then suddenly he was in the kitchen doorway, staring at John rather blankly.
“Not really. I don’t deliberately ruin the season for anyone, I just can’t stand it.” John raised an eyebrow at him, scanning his face for any sign of joking but of course he wasn’t. He smirked a bit, shaking his head before turning around and lifting up the crime scene tape, ducking beneath it and walking towards the edge of the street, away from the house where they’d caught the stupid teenager.
In time, it ended up being a good 3 months since the note incident. John watched Sherlock slowly begin to lose his sense of paranoia, taking on cases again and distracting himself. It was easy to forget even the scariest of things when you kept yourself busy enough, and John was thankful. The two of them were beginning to forget the note gathering dust in their desk drawer in the living room completely, and John almost forgot about the entire thing.
“What are we going to do about this case?” he mused. Sherlock didn’t seem to register at first; he was all eyes for Rosie for a few seconds before blinking, turning back to face him and sighing.
“Ah well, it was her present anyway…” He picked up the bottle and set it by the front door, making a mental note to take it down to her tomorrow sometime before he turned around, staring at the cabinet on the opposing wall.
“You never told me that.” He sounded surprised, as if he couldn’t believe anyone would ever hallucinate about him. John nodded, still smiling.
“Just stop blaming yourself for this, because I know you are. This isn’t anyone’s fault, it just happened. You and I are more than capable of handling it, and I promise it’s going to be okay.” John wondered idly to himself if that entire speech made more sense in his head than it did out loud but remained quiet, focusing on the way his head slowly rose and fell with Sherlock’s breathing.
John smiled and pressed a kiss to her cheek, walking back towards the door and listening downstairs for a moment. He heard the muffled sound of conversation going on, keeping quiet as he walked Rosie towards the window in the hall.
That evening, John picked up Rosie from Molly’s flat and ventured back into the city, towards his and Mary’s house. He hated it now; it gave him a vile feeling in the pit of his stomach that never went away unless he was leaving it once more.
Nothing compared to clutching his best friend’s lifeless body to his chest, desperately trying not to inhale the scent of his hair. He didn’t want to remember him like this, didn’t want the memory of his smell and face and overall being to be replaced with this moment. Sherlock focused on breathing instead, his chest feeling like it was being ripped open from within. He squeezed his eyes shut, unable to look at John’s peaceful face any longer, clutching him so tightly that his knuckles were probably white.
He walked over after she’d eaten a few bites, Sherlock paying him no mind as he crawled into bed beside him, their shoulders brushing up against each other.
Those are the worst, he thinks; his heart pounds heavily against his ribcage and threatens to crack it in half, and his head feels like it’s going to explode all over the pillow below him. Vaguely, through the massive amount of nostalgia and confusion he feels every time he has a nightmare, he thinks about how Sherlock would probably appreciate a grotesque, bloody look all over the walls in his bedroom.
“I love you too, bug,” he replied quietly, rubbing her back. “I’ll be home soon, I promise…” Reluctantly, he held the toddler out and gave her back to Mrs. Hudson, the gun in his pocket feeling much heavier than before. Before anyone could say anything else to him that might emotionally distract him, he turned on his heel and stalked out, jogging down the stairs before reaching outside, shutting the door behind him. It was still overcast, the humidity of the water in the air suffocating him slightly. He swallowed thickly and looked around, shoving his hands into his pockets as people walked around him, ignoring his presence.
John frowned a bit, furrowing his brow as Molly looked down confusedly at her, tilting her head to the side. “Rosie, it’s Daddy! What’s the matter?” Rosie merely ignored her, instead turning and craning her neck behind her, looking pointedly at Sherlock.
“However...I care about John. He never really spoke to me about the two of you before, which is okay for me but not for him. He’s the normal one, you know.” John’s chest constricted a bit at that, but he remained silent nonetheless.
But when the pale faced, gentle giant of a man he adored so much was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at him like this, like a lost child amongst a sea of people...he just couldn’t be mad. Not right now.
He heard the landlady’s footsteps rapidly approaching along the steps, turning around to face her worried face as she came through the doorway.
“He could’ve written it before. Set this all up, you know how he is…” John was shocked at how desperate his voice sounded, fighting to make sense of everything that had just happened. The paper felt heavy in his pocket; he wanted nothing more than to rip it to shreds but knew it wouldn’t do any good for the pair.
“If you get sick, come get me. I’ll be down the hall tonight,” he murmured quietly before flipping the switch. He turned to leave, wanting nothing more than to escape the room but found himself being pulled back almost immediately, nearly stumbling on his own feet as a large hand grabbed ahold of his wrist.
“Sherlock, just breathe…” he murmured, sliding his hands onto his shoulders and urging him to sit up. He let out another choked sob, refusing to budge and John sighed softly, running his hands down his arms gently before they got to his hands.
Moriarty hummed to himself, turning on his heel slightly. Sherlock kept silent, watching him reach over towards a hidden part of the wall and pull out an umbrella, still smiling towards the detective before opening it.
John shifted slightly in his uncomfortable chair, feeling the edge of the wooden armrest dig sharply into his side, blinking stoically at the ground.
“That was his handwriting, I know it.” His voice was short and John’s stomach sank horribly, the nauseous feeling taking over once more. He stared intensely at the detective for a moment, as if trying to read what he was thinking but God knows that was impossible. Sherlock kept his guard up, his lips pressed together in a grim sort of way as John struggled for words.
They were forced to take her out, however, when Molly ended up working last minute and Mrs. Hudson was out of town. Despite their attitudes towards the letter situation, neither of them really trusted Rosie with anyone else, and John found himself dressing his daughter on their kitchen counter on a Sunday morning, while his boyfriend held out a bowl of cut up fruit towards her, looking sour.
Sherlock was fidgeting now, clenching and unclenching one of his large hands in front of him, his other arm wrapped around his waist like some sort of shield. He avoided John’s eyes completely, opting for a particular spot on the concrete below them instead.
“Rosie, do you mind sharing your bed with your father? He obviously doesn’t want to sleep with me with the way he’s talking tonight.” Rosie giggled, despite his sudden deep and straight toned voice, reaching out a wet hand towards Sherlock and his serious facade broke, a smile breaking across his face once more.
John was absolutely silent in his spot onstage; Sherlock’s eyes flickered up briefly to see him standing there, looking absolutely miserable, watching the two of them with empty eyes. Moriarty followed Sherlock’s gaze, smiling brightly in John’s direction. “Are you ready for your stage debut, Dr. Watson?”
John broke from his reverie to glance at Sherlock again, who had suddenly frozen up in his spot, the looseness of his body from the alcohol disappearing. His mouth was turned down in a slight frown, his light blue eyes no longer staring into his, but rather staring at a fixed spot on the table. The temperature in the room seemed to have dropped 10 degrees.
“Yeah, Scotland Yard gave him one. Something along the lines of being a “distinguished member” of the department. I’m sure it was all Detective Inspector Lestrade’s idea; he’s thankful for him, but he knows how much Sherlock hates attention like that.” John smiled fondly, shifting Rosie in his lap once more. “But he deserves it. He does all of these good things all the time and he needs more appreciation.”
Rosie didn’t say anything in response, merely nodding instead before resting her head back against his collarbone. John looked up, careful not to make eye contact with anyone before picking a random spot in the distance, eager to get a cab and escape the scene. After a few moments he heard Lestrade bark out orders before his footsteps began approaching him rapidly from behind.
Spelled out in strangely archaic handwriting, taking up the entirety of the building’s side, was a note, still shiny with the indiscernible consistency of fresh blood;
“Who knows? I thought they only existed in Mary Poppins,” he responded, and Sherlock immediately starting giggling, reaching over with his free hand to cover his mouth to try and stifle them. John snorted loudly, leaning forward and nearly colliding with the table before he started laughing, and he barely saw Sherlock roll off the table on the opposing side, only realizing he’d hit the floor face down when he heard a loud thud.
“And so am I, John!” He moved his head back down and made eye contact with him. “I knew what I was getting into when I asked you to move in. It’s really not as big of a deal as you’re making it out to be.” John opened his mouth to speak and Sherlock merely raised a hand up to quiet him. “Molly will be up in 3,2…”
“All 3 of you are going to catch colds and get sick! Then how are you supposed to go out and solve cases?!” Sherlock rolled his eyes playfully and turned around, face immediately lighting up when he saw Rosie.
Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to reach out and strangle him or grab his face and kiss him, but he didn’t get the chance to decide. He heard the loud noise of doors being pushed open, as well as the unmistakable noise of a helicopter overhead. He glanced up quickly, squinting his eyes as a spotlight fell on the three of them, pushing his hair from his eyes as the wind started up.
He heard Sherlock shift slightly in his bed behind him as he tapped his fingers against the side of his leg nervously. He was suddenly aware of his heart pounding against his chest like a fucking drum, his ribcage beginning to ache from it all. He swallowed once more, his palms slick with sweat as he clenched and unclenched his hands at his sides.
“First Mary, now this?” He shook his head, letting out a heavy, dramatic sigh. “Why is it that you’re always letting John down?”
John swears up and down to this day that he’d never slept as well as he did that night, wrapped in soft white sheets and with Sherlock’s arms around his waist, his head resting in the middle of his chest. His breaths were slow and even against his bare skin, and his dark curls tickled the bottom of his chin. John found himself stroking them gently, struggling to keep his eyes open as he waited until Sherlock fell asleep, making sure he was okay.
“Sherlock?!” John jumped as Sherlock suddenly stood up, shoving the table forward slightly and nearly ran out of the diner doors, bumping into various people on the way out. Rosie awoke with a start against John’s chest, lifting her head up in sleepy confusion as John lurched forward and grabbed the paper, opening it with his free hand.
“I’m sure she’ll love that.” She scribbled something else down and then glanced at her watch, raising an eyebrow. “Goodness, it’s nearly 6 already?” John finally let Rosie slide down from his lap and onto the floor, watching as she immediately began running her tiny hands along the carpet, ecstatic at the new feel of it. He looked up and gave her a warm smile.
“First night of living together again and you can’t seem to leave me alone for more than 5 minutes,” John teased, and Sherlock hummed in response, resting his hands in his lap.
He set off in the direction towards Baker Street; despite being across the city, Sherlock always took the path closest to his home whether he was conscious of it or not. Rosie rested her head on her father’s shoulder, letting this charade play out and kept quiet, gazing out into the streets as John paced about.
“Mrs. Hudson! So lovely to see you.” John bit back a laugh as Sherlock crossed over and kissed her cheek, earning a swat on the shoulder from the landlady.
His eyes are still closed, but he slowly lifts up his hand and reaches across the bed until he feels skin, sliding his fingers down Sherlock’s arm before closing them around his wrist. His index finger presses against the inside of his palm, and he can faintly feel his pulse, rhythmic and strong. It takes him a few moments, but he successfully matches his own heartbeat with his, and then finally opens his eyes.
It was strange, watching everything play out the way it did. Everything seemed to slow down suddenly, like his senses had suddenly become heightened. He watched John’s steady hand reach out and take the vial from him, glancing up as he pulled it close to him. He watched John study it for a moment, his face still void of emotion before he met Sherlock’s eyes once again, giving him a slightly pained look before he tilted his head back, pouring the contents into his mouth in one swift move.
“You say sappy things and you don’t even realize it sometimes! What am I supposed to do?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, resting his elbow on the side of the tub.
John sighed internally a few minutes later when he heard Mycroft exclaim, once more, for Sherlock to “put on some bloody clothes so they could talk business”, and figured it was time to go back down.
Sherlock had never been one for panicking; he didn’t do it often. Panic was something he didn’t have time for, something that wasn’t meant to be endured as far as he was concerned. But as more and more people began to pass him on the sidewalk, as more cars sped past and as the clouds finally opened up above him and a cold drizzle began to soak him, Sherlock could taste the panic on his tongue like bile.
And really, Sherlock should’ve lunged for his throat then. Or maybe started pummeling his face in again. He should have done literally anything else than close his eyes, hang his head down and start sobbing.
Molly left a few minutes later, after checking the time and remembering her plans for an early night in. John thanked her and showed her out, walking her downstairs and outside to her cab before coming back up. Sherlock was up from his chair now, Rosie back on his hip as he took her black shoes and socks off carefully, setting them down on the table.
“How much do you love me, Sherlock Holmes?” His voice had taken such a dark turn it even scared himself. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was doing, exactly; it was just a stupid game. But he could feel his heart begin to pound against his chest, sweat accumulating on the palms of his hands as he stared his boyfriend down, his bottle of whiskey lying forgotten on the carpet near his feet.
“Well obviously it’s my fault somehow. You haven’t had a dream about me dying in months and I have to have done something to trigger it in your mind. Whether it was something I said or did or didn’t say or didn’t do, it messed with something in your subconscious and now you’re having these dreams again...” John watched him ramble, his voice growing deeper and louder and his eyes were suddenly squeezed shut, his hands reaching up to grip his dark curls tightly and yeah, Sherlock was a drama queen at times but this was entirely different.
“So...I came here. I’ve been dating your son for months now and I just thought it best to meet his parents, no matter the circumstances.” John swallowed thickly, dropping his arms slowly as Sherlock continued.
“Hi Mum, hi Dad…” he began slowly, taking a steady breath before relaxing. “I know it’s been awhile, I’m sorry…” Sherlock remained motionless a few feet away from him, staring down at the ground by his feet as John talked for a couple minutes.
“You just love to torture your brother, don’t you?” He failed to keep the amusement out of his voice and Sherlock grinned, taking it as an agreement and opening the door.
Robert’s mouth fell open, sputtering as he fought to find words. John was smiling softly from his chair, relaxing a bit and watching the scene play out.
The snow finally let up in the morning, and when John woke up, squinting against the sunlight from the window, he reached an arm out and felt the spot beside him in bed was still cold and empty. He yawned and rolled over, rubbing at his eyes a bit before opening them, blinking at the open closet door beside him.
“Unbelievable. Using our daughter to piss off a homophobe.” Sherlock smiled a bit, sitting back down in his chair.
Rachel seemed to be biting her tongue, a pained look on her face as if she were withholding the words she wanted to say. John suddenly felt very uncomfortable being there, the air becoming stifling and the walls seeming to inch their way closer and closer towards him. He slid his now sweaty palm down the top of his thigh before sitting up quickly, clearing his throat.
“You know what? I’m feeling nice tonight,” he announced loudly, his voice echoing through the empty arena, over the sound of the still falling rain. “Before our...festivities start, I’m going to let you see John.” Sherlock stiffened up immediately, his heart thumping rapidly inside his chest. Moriarty smirked at his reaction, turning on his heel to step around him, making his way towards the stage. “Johnny boy!” Sherlock turned slowly in his spot, eyes following him with hawk-like precision as he watched Moriarty walk up the stairs, snapping his fingers once. “Don’t be shy; your big, brave boyfriend is here to see you.”
“I’m delighted you're enjoying London,” she changed the subject, letting go of his hand and picking up her drink. She looked at Sigar, “I haven’t heard him talk this much since he was little.”
A few minutes later Oliver’s other friend who John didn’t know nearly as well, Caden, walked into the sitting room and gave John a charming smile, saying, “Thanks for having us over, sir.” Then following after Emily.
Oliver felt the world stop spinning, and there was nothing in the universe but him, Caden, and tiny little things flashing through his mind from the past few months. “The cameras…”
,” the boy swallowed thickly, looking up. His eyes huge eyes looked glazed and he lifted a hand to grip tightly at his hair. “
As always, please please leave a review telling me what you think of this chapter! Two words or a paragraph, I reply to every single comment!
Violet sobbed and Sigar wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eye while he swallowed his pride and sat across from them at a table, apologizing and explaining everything, and answering their questions. When his mother eventually did stop crying, she held him for a very long time. His father did the same.
“All right?” He asked. It’s strange that he’d come to know Molly’s niece just as well as Molly herself. She’d spent enough time at the flat with Oliver over the past year or so.
“Fuck,” John breathed, then stood up and paced away, running his hands through his hair a few times. “How did we not notice this?
“Careful,” John warned, bringing out the three mugs of hot chocolate he made, then setting them on the coffee table.
John chuckled, listening to her. The phone beeped and Violet said she put him on the speaker so both of the could talk.
“Thank you, John,” Oliver said, before yawning again. John chuckled and told him to go back to bed. John called out of work, not wanting to leave Oliver home alone all day due to his own paranoia.
Oliver glanced away and lifted a hand to twist a finger into his curls. “I want to stop taking them. Even if it makes the anxiety bad for a while.”
After dinner, the sun disappeared beyond the horizon and John helped Violet with washing the dishes in the kitchen. Oliver dragged Sigar outside to use the old telescope John saw earlier. He didn’t think it worked, but he watched through the window while Sigar peeked through it and Oliver pointed up into the sky, rocking on his heels and talking animatedly. John felt a bit of pride in his chest, seeing the boy open up like that.
Only a moment later, Oliver came out and dragged John into the room because he wanted to tell him about what all the different parts on the telescope did and what the phase of the moon meant in relation to the stars. John felt content to just listen to him be passionate about something.
“Oliver, this is my sister Harriet,”John introduced. Oliver stood up from the desk and shook her hand.
“Can I see him?” She asked. She looked shaken and tired, and John figured she might be able to talk to Oliver before he’d talk to anyone else.
He helped Oliver up onto the walkway and sat the boy down on a bench while John called a cab. While they waited, John shifted from foot to foot, glancing to Oliver then back at the street. Oliver’s eyes were blinking sluggishly and he still shook violently. John couldn’t help the mantra in his head,
Mycroft nodded and John put his hand on Oliver’s shoulder so the boy would look at him. “Oliver, we just want you to be happy and safe. If you want to stay at your school, that’s fine.”
When the bathroom door opened again, John didn’t look up, but told Oliver he left a plate in the oven for him. Oliver slid by and pulled the plate out, still warm, and walked into the living room. John finished with the dishes and put him in the dish rack, then picked up a towel off the counter to dry his hands. He looked up and saw Oliver set his plate down on the desk, pause and then spin to look at John.
Oliver looked back at him, but didn’t really meet his eyes, looked down at the floor and disappeared into his room, leaving his door fully open. John felt bad but he didn’t… trust Oliver. It felt awful, but it was best for now, and Oliver must know that.
Oliver went back to messing with the fidget cube, his eyes still trained on the floor, his face red. “I guess I want, um.” He audibly swallowed. “I want to be able to say I ha-have a dad. And… you - you’re only person I’ve ever thought of as one. If - if you don’t want to, that’s okay! But… I want you to know.”
“In the park a few blocks from Baker Street. Last time he had his phone on him was probably ten minutes ago,” John said, his heart still pounding. He can’t believe this kind of thing happened again. What must Mycroft think of him? He was so unfit to be raising Oliver.
It was two hours after she arrived that she said goodbye and left the flat. Oliver had taken to laying on the couch, while Sherlock and John laid out their case notes across the table and desk in the sitting room. There’s newspaper clippings and scripts from the unsuccessful interrogations, photographs, and files from the base they raided.
The women on the end of the line made a noise of understanding - John couldn’t be quite sure what that suggested. Then she said, “I assume you know why I’m calling - about Oliver’s marks.”
“When he comes back in a few minutes, try not to argue, even if you’re angry he’s here. I’m angry at him too, and he knows it,” John said. “But we’re going to try and make it work.”
They stepped into Oliver’s room and a lump found its way into John’s throat. This is how it started, anyways - searching Oliver’s room. After a twenty minute search they hadn’t found any cigarette packs or drugs to John’s utter relief, but he did find two lighters. To be safe he took those and Oliver’s pen knives. That still left the problem of where Oliver had been getting the drugs and what they were, though. He had been high the other night and it seemed like it wasn’t the first time.
Oliver paused and took a shaky breath, putting his hand to his forehead. Then whispered, “Can we please just go home?”
Worry chewed away at him. It’s okay for him to worry, right? What if Oliver got lost? No, stupid - Oliver had his phone. Oliver’s thirteen, he’s fine, right? Thirteen is young… but plenty of kids walk to school everyday in London. He’ll be fine. Mycroft’s probably keeping an eye on him with all those cameras. Yeah, that’s good.
The doorbell rang and John looked up from his laptop and to Sherlock, who still seemed oblivious to the world. John hurried downstairs in time to see Oliver shove the door open. John stepped off the stairs and Oliver bolted forward, pushing John back with the force of his hug. John let out a breath of relief and wrapped his arms around the child, looking up at Mycroft.
He hailed a cab and took it to the street near the warehouse, paid the driver, and stepped out to walk the rest of the way. He put his hands in his pockets and stepped in the entrance in the back of the building they always used to avoid being seen.
. Gone went the shy, angry boy that was dumped into John’s life, and a whole new person emerged that John watched grow with captivation. Oliver kept his grades up, told John about his club, went to his guitar lessons on Wednesdays after astronomy and tutored Emily on Fridays.
“No no no,” John took a breath - he couldn’t panic. CPR - he’s done it plenty before, he could save Oliver, he could do it if he didn’t panic. John laced his fingers and pressed the heel of his palm against Oliver’s sternum. He forced his racing thoughts to the back of his mind and went through the motions. One, two, three four… to thirty. Check for a pulse. Nothing.
Sherlock is gone when John woke up. He didn’t leave a text or note or anything, which is fine, because John didn’t expect him to. Sherlock could have left five minutes before John woke up, or three hours ago - John didn’t know.
“Ah,” Mycroft said. “My parents are back in the country and are extending an invitation to Oliver and you to come and visit. The sooner the better, they said.”
“Oh God,” Oliver mumbled. If they searched the flat last night, John probably found the other pack. At least that was the unopened one. Oliver took the one that he still had stashed and shoved it deep into the rubbish bin, then covered it up.
-Please please please leave a review! Even if it's just to say "good stuff" or is a constructive critique. I love hearing what you all think, and it influences the story.
Brushing out his uniform with one hand, Oliver lifted his other to show John he had the route pulled up on his phone. “I’m fine.”
Oliver pulled something out of his pocket and put it on the table. Orange and yellow stripes decorated the tie. “I’m not wearing it.”
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s all right,” John rushed toward him, then put his hands on either side of Oliver’s face. “Just breathe, okay?”
The conversation shifted just before Oliver came trotting back into the room. The boy’s grandparents smiled at him, but didn’t bring up the bullying and they all talked for a while, before Violet decided to let John find the room he’d be staying in.
Surprised by the question, John looked up, to the left of Oliver’s face, and drew his eyebrows together. “Er - through a mutual colleague, I guess. We were both looking for a flatmate.”
So Sherlock nodded and sat down at the kitchen table, pretending to do something on his phone. John thought it funny that Oliver did that sometimes too, when he felt awkward. Pretending to be busy.
“Ah…” John leaned back. “My sister lives over in Luton, but that’s about it. Though I live with my… I take care of a kid; Oliver.”
Oliver looked down at John’s hand, reaching out hesitantly. “Hello.” His hand was thin, and fingers long. John had fleeting thought wondering if he played violin as well, with hands like that. He finally tore his eyes away from the boy’s face and swallowed hard, trying to remember how to breathe.
“Listen, um, I’ve talked with Mycroft and he’s found a school he’ll transfer you too,” John started. “It’s a bit of a longer walk, but we can arrange a car or something. Mycroft has all the papers together and you can start soon.”
He nodded, his ears going red. “Year ten.” He pushed his mostly cleared plate to the side. “I’m finished.”
“Just in the park a few blocks from here. And only for an hour or so, because we might get snow tonight so the clouds will ruin it,” Oliver said.
They stood in silence for another moment, the clinking of tea cups and Mrs Hudson’s humming coming from the kitchen. Cars passed by outside on the street below, the occasional honk in the distance.
Oliver didn’t have time for John to just stand there, he’d already been under way too long. John dove into the icy water, gasping at the shock, and swam towards where he thought Oliver might be. He ducked under, the water too dark for him to open his eyes and search, so he reached around blindly, hoping to find
Oliver made himself tea in the kitchen, yawning and wishing he had gone to bed earlier. John was still sleeping, which meant he hadn’t slept well. Usually John woke up first, but Oliver didn’t mind the stillness of the flat. Just as the water finished heating for his tea, the front door to the flat opened and shut and he heard someone walk up the stairs.
“Drop your clothes outside that door and I’ll ask Mrs Hudson if we can use her wash,” John called after him. Oliver nodded, then shut the bathroom door behind him.
Of course he did. Without a doubt, he wanted to - John felt his heart pound and he swallowed thickly. “Yes - Oliver of course I want to,” he leaned forward in his chair. “Are you - are you sure?”
“Here,” he said. Oliver couldn’t read him. He looked fine. He looked like everything was fine but it
John left out a huff of breath and nodded, his lips in a thin line. He started clearing up their half finished dinner. “We’re okay Mrs H, just had a bit of a row.”
“Well - no. I’m his guardian, since no one else can take care of him,” John realized how strange his situation sounded and didn’t really want to explain it.
John shrugged and shifted so he was cross legged. “I don’t know. It’s not always inherited. Something else could have caused it when you were young, or it could just be a part of your genetics.”
Oliver threw his covers off and carefully slid until his feet were dangling off the edge of the bed. He winced, steeling himself against the sharp pain in his abdomen. He pulled off the hospital gown and rooted around in the bag, relieved to find his favorite warm jumper and a pair of jeans. Standing up was not an easy task after only laying down for five days, but he didn’t want help so he just took it slow. He felt a little wobbly and dizzy so after he had his jeans on, he sat back down and shut his eyes for a moment.
it’s bad, but something about the illicit call and seeing Caden do it made it enticing. And he liked the idea of doing something John and Sherlock didn’t know about, they’re too absorbed in each other to even suspect. He’d been lucky to avoid Sherlock most of the times he came home after smoking.
“It could be fun!” Caden said, swinging Oliver in front of him and taking both his hands. “We can go anywhere we want - or take over the world together!”
Oliver stepped out of the pantry carrying a bundle of carrots and some peppers with Violet and their conversation faded.
After pulling apart from the hug, John and Sherlock sat across from each other at the kitchen table. Sherlock spoke, John listened. He still felt angry, and he would for a while but he patiently listened to Sherlock explain where he’d been and why it had taken so long. At the end of his somewhat broken and scattered explanation, they both sat silently for a moment.
Until a Thursday when Oliver didn’t come home. John tried not to panic, only half an hour had gone by since he should have been home. Maybe he was held up by a teacher? John tried calling him twice, but it went to voicemail both times. Now he panicked.
Oliver nodded, and looked away again. He mumbled, “I’ve been thinking about it for a while,” he looked up, this tips of his ears red. “I’ve lived here for a year, and - and it’s not like I’m going back to the estate. So, I just - I guess, I like it here. A lot, and you. You’re the only… p-person who really… understands me.”
Moonlight glinted off Oliver’s black hair, framing his bluish, slack face - and he looked like he was dead, almost exactly like - No. John could save him. He tilted Oliver’s head back to open his airway and breathed for him, watching as his chest rose and fell twice.
