"They sound perfect," Sherlock said, kissing the Omega softly. "Symbolic, but functional. They will suit us well, and perhaps we can have them engraved, too, if the idea is amenable to you. Unless you had a different custom design in mind, of course. But what were you doing looking at wedding rings, hmm?" he asked jokingly, but his tone not completely covering the look of anxious curiosity in his eyes.
; it had been so long since he'd stayed out of his Omega during sex, he couldn't get enough. "You're so fucking sexy... I want you in me all the time, want you to fill me with blue-eyed dark-haired babies again and again, can't stop thinking about it... Could you scent it whenever you had to be in the flat and I was in heat, could you scent it when I dropped an egg for you? I dreamed... I dreamed one night you came to me, and it was so vivid I could almost smell you, you stood over me as I was in heat, watched me writhe and moan, too exhausted from fucking myself on a toy all day to move, and then you rolled on a condom and
"Triplets," John breathed, burrowing into Sherlock's chest, rubbing his face against him, desperate for his scent and warmth. Before he could say anything else, the babies began to wake, mewing for attention. John beamed, scooping two of them into one arm and carefully picking up a third. "Hello darlings," he murmured. "Sorry Mama yelled earlier. Turns out you're going to get more siblings sooner than anticipated, but you won't mind, will you?" Adam gazed back at him, blinking slowly as his dark blue eyes tried to focus on John. The Omega nuzzled his forehead, beaming and fighting back tears. "Looks like they're ready," he whispered to his mate. "Time for the pack scenting, do we think?"
He wriggled a little, feeling shameful that he was the one to break the bubble of hazy intimacy, but hoping that bringing their pups into the bathroom with them and lazing around in the warm water again would redeem him, and kissed apologetically along Sherlock's jaw with a soft whine, as if to say
Mycroft purred his assent to his mate’s choice of names for their daughters. He paused to look down at their sons, cradled safely in his arms. “Aurelius,” he murmured, nuzzling their firstborn.
His orgasm built slowly until he was vibrating and trembling, wound tight, clinging to Sherlock like he was afraid he'd drift away if he let go... and then he was tightening his grip, whining into the kiss and bucking his hips as his pleasure washed over him, through him; he'd never had an orgasm like it, one that he felt through his whole body and right to his very core, making him feel sensual and voluptuous and drawing lovely pleasured noises from him, his passage fluttering and squeezing around his mate's cock, juices spurting from him in a wet gush as he keened and moaned, seeking more desperate kisses from his mate.
!" Hugo soon joined in the chorus, and the quints woke at the commotion, all five babies babbling and cooing at the sight of their father.
Persephone panted, holding her enormous - now visibly lower - middle as the contraction eased off just a little. The weight of the pups inside her had completely shifted; she could now feel a large head pressing impatiently against her cervix, urging her to open her legs wider. Standing would be impossible even if she had wanted to. While she'd known the risk she was taking when she ventured outside, she'd never expected her children to want to come so swiftly into the world. But there was no time for regrets. "No midwife. I only need you," she replied, shaking her head and breathing deep. "Just you and I, darling. It's no nest of fine cloth, but at least we won’t ruin those precious silks." She took a long inhale as the contraction picked up again, the tightness having never fully left. Her middle clenched tight like a vice, making her grab for Mycroft's hand as she let out a strained groan. The pleasure would come eventually, but she had to bear with the pain first.
"Go see your Mummy," the Alpha smiled, giving his son a kiss on the nose before setting him down. Flinging his arms around his father's knee, Alistair did not go. "Come on baby," Sherlock encouraged, gently removing him and setting him towards John with a gentle pat on the bum, "Mummy misses you too. Won't you go see him?"
- She beamed up at her eldest son, shuffling forward gently and offering him the object. Proudly, she bore her neck for her pack leader to fasten on the collar.
"Do it," Sherlock breathed, "Please, I need it- Want to be yours completely-" He desperately pushed back against Mycroft's erection, moaning softly at the delicious friction. Siger had never done anything like this for either of them - without absolute loyalty and consent, the marks would not take. This was nearly the closest he could become to his pack leader, his brother. Mewling softly, he changed his scent to reflect his utter submission as their bare skin rubbed together. The next moment he let out a low, primal groan as strong teeth sank into his shoulder, opening the smooth skin and penetrating deep. It was pain, heat, and pleasure all at once. Sherlock trembled as the sensations sang through him, drawing more animal sounds from his throat, making him feel ineffably
The change was obvious in John's eyes; some intelligence left them, but some softness and eagerness to please came in its place. The Omega gazed up at his mate with a rapt expression, as if the Alpha was the best thing he'd ever seen, purring gently and submissively as he relaxed subtly, allowing his mate to take whatever he wanted, surrendering his mouth and his milk and his body. He whined quietly, the Alpha's dominance surrounding him, making him feel completely secure. The urge to present began to grip him, making him want to get on his knees and flex his back, resting his forehead on his arms in the breeding position as the Alpha took his reward.
Sherlock frowned at the Omega's resistance. John should be completely succumbing to his scent, practically throwing himself at the Alpha - but here he was, dragging himself along the floor, resisting as much as it was possible for an Omega in heat to resist. Something in Sherlock softened as he gazed down at the pitiful man, "Where on earth did you get that idea?" he asked, easing out of his dominant standing position and back down into the chair. Perhaps this was a bad idea, a small part of his brain supplied. "John," he began slowly. It was so difficult to think, for once. "John, I want you so much- but if this is just the heat talking- I- I can go... you can... use the toy... anything you want..." His hands gripped the leather cushions hard, his fingernails penetrating the taut covering. "I ...retract my commands... I apologize..."
John purred quietly, unaware of the change, as Sherlock's tongue teased at his nipple while his Alpha mewled for more milk.
John closed his eyes, inhaling delicately to catch the scent of their babies, and that helped him push out the maternal, loving, soothing markers he knew would help his mate.
John mewled breathily as Sherlock's cock impaled him again and again, sliding one hand up and down his mate's spine, exploring the delicate curve of his strong back and still cupping his mate's cheek with the other, finding himself unable and unwilling to break the kiss; it was like cocaine, the more of Sherlock's attention he got the more he wanted. He gasped quietly as the triplets began to move in him again and he knew Sherlock would feel their movement against his stomach.
he rumbled, feeling his pleasure build as he touched the Omega's belly, felt the curve and weight of it - the knowledge that
Something in Sherlock's eyes darkened even further. He breathed heavily through his nostrils, his purring like a low, sustained growl. "You like that?" he rumbled, tearing his eyes away from the scene to look at John.
Brendan merely squealed in bliss and jerked his hips minutely. "N-need it... give me pups, please," he begged, "need my Alphas. Need all of you!" The promise of further breeding crept into his scent; he had dropped two more eggs, and the scent tipped Leo over the edge. He shoved his knot deep inside the breeder and began to come, pumping wave after wave of his seed into Brendan's fertile womb with a loud groan of relief.
Sherlock's lips parted slightly as he considered the question, his icy blue gaze fixed seriously on his Omega. "Sometimes, I suppose," he began slowly, "However... I have faith in our capabilities as a pair. It will certainly be a challenge, yes, to raise thirteen - and then more - and give them all equal time, attention, and care, but I am confident we can manage it somehow. I would not have given you so many had I not had the instinct we would also be able to care adequately for them all." He reached up to gently stroke John's cheek, giving the Omega a soft smile.
Half an hour later they had ordered the cots and chests of drawers, plus a super-sized changing table with storage underneath, and were heading to the first viewing. John was excited and nervous; it could be their perfect house, or it could be a nightmare with only very cleverly lit photos online. He didn't know.
"Sebastian," Sherlock said coolly, managing a smile in return. "I see you've been doing well - closed a good deal with a Swiss bank just this evening, in fact." Sebastian smirked, "Still doing your little trick, I see. Putting it to some good use, I hope?" He inhaled deeply and suddenly paused, sniffing the air around him, "Oh,
Sherlock looked skeptical as John sat him down on the sofa, and shifted uncomfortably on the cushions.
The club Omega returned with the second drink, and stepped back, waiting demurely until Sherlock dismissed him with a wave of his hand. "I asked our servant to choose a toy just for you," the Alpha breathed, taking the dildo from the rim of the tub. He studied it in interest for a moment, his fingers delicately rubbing the smooth silicone. "You see, I'm not going to fuck you just yet, John. For the first round of the evening, I want a show, just you and I, as we are now - but you're going to take your pleasure rather unusually. You're going to come to your first climax while fucking this as I watch."
John moaned appreciatively at the hand on his cock, his hole beginning to clench lightly and rhythmically around his mate, still grunting occasionally in displeasure at the artificial barrier between them. The closer he got to his pleasure, the deeper and sweeter his scent became; the moment of orgasm helped draw the Alpha's seed further into the womb, ensuring impregnation, and his scent encouraged the Alpha to flood the Omega with his seed before he reached his peak. Still sound asleep, John found enough energy to rock back against Sherlock's thrusts, utterly vulnerable and submissive, his Alpha's cock rapidly pushing him closer and closer to the brink of orgasm, even covered by the condom. He whined uncertainly, seeking assurances from his Alpha; although nothing came through the bond, the sound was clear enough.
him, did you? You just snapped. But that's okay. We've got another chance now... Yes, you can smell it, can't you?" He licked his lips, smiling, and began to undress. "I'm in heat."
"It sounds unnecessarily complicated and illogical, all of us having separate last names. I don't want our babies to have only my name attached - it's not right, and defeats half the purpose of sharing our names. Nor do I want my own name to be any different from yours," he said with a frown. "If you like 'Watson-Holmes,' then we should all be 'Watson-Holmes,' regardless of our children's place in school or my own business. I can always continue to be 'Sherlock Holmes' in my practice. Otherwise, perhaps we should all be Holmes-Watsons out of convenience, but I would rather not take 'Watson-Holmes' away from you."
Hearing Sherlock's moans and growls of pleasure coupled with the feel of his Alpha's hard cock filling his mouth made John very hard very quickly, his small Omega cock pulsing as he sucked his mate. He wanted this to just be about Sherlock but soon it was too much and he needed friction; by the time Sherlock warned him he'd been rubbing against his leg for two full minutes. At his Alpha's warning he stopped, pulled off, rose off his knees and climbed into his lap, straddling him, pushing his gravid belly forward, rubbing it against Sherlock as his own hands went to his breasts, kneading and squeezing, coaxing beads of milk to form and begin to slip down his pert breasts, a small trickle at first and then more, until he was gushing a steady stream, shiny and wet with it, massaging it into his belly as he ground his hips against his mate's throbbing erection. "Look what you've done to me," he crooned. "So pregnant, needing to be milked..." he leaned back a little, giving the Alpha a full view down his torso, "so full of milk and your pups. So full..." he rubbed his bump proudly, humming softly, displaying himself completely, waiting for Sherlock to come back from the edge a little before taking his cock. He wanted this apology to last.
John hummed in vague agreement, the first sign that he was starting to emerge from his deeply submissive state. The hand on his belly told him that his Alpha was satisfied with him, and he was still delirious with bliss, but if his mate was fully satisfied then his submission was no longer needed.
Sherlock looked curiously at his mate, John's apprehensiveness clearly visible as the Alpha picked up the gift. He smiled reassuringly, taking the present which obviously contained clothing of some type, by its size and give, and sat down on the sofa next to his mate. Carefully this time, he worked his fingers under the tape at each end, unfolding the paper neatly, moving to unseal the tape which held the center of the bundle together. The wrapping fell open and he pushed it back, blinking in interest as he caught sight of what lay within. A warm smile settled on his features as he lifted the scarf and gloves from their paper, feeling the softness of the yarn, inspecting the intricate detail of the patterning, the neat stitches. Expertly done, but obviously not store-bought. Then-
Sherlock growled low and deep, the sustained sound reverberating chillingly around the hall. "I have nearly killed a man for making an advance on my Omega. Do not think I won't protect John with my life." He hesitated yet from the true challenge; he knew the power of his father, he'd felt it nearly every day of his miserable childhood, felt it in bruises and broken bones and bleeding wounds, in the brute force of a heavy hand across the face and in words honed sharp enough to cut both heart and mind.
, filtered through the bond. The pups were restless in his belly, wriggling and kicking hard, bumping against Sherlock's leg as if to demand their share of attention from their sire; instinctively John knew that he was within days of birthing the triplets.
John's cock started to throb as soon as his Alpha ordered him to come, his breathy cries rising to a near-constant wail as his mate spoke. As Sherlock finished speaking John arched his back and came with a little scream, his cock spurting a small amount of thin semen onto Sherlock's chest. "Ohhhhh, fuck, my Alpha! Yes, want you to fill me over and over, as soon as I've birthed the last one I want your cock in me, knotting me, fucking another litter into me... Ahhhh, oh god...Sherlock," he panted, still bouncing desperately. "Want you to keep me full, always round and heavy with your babies," he gasped, cupping his bump lovingly, stroking all over it, his milk soaking them both.
John cupped Sherlock's cheek and deepened the kiss. "I will love it," he breathed softly. "I'll love picturing us tending to our pups in our family home. Picturing us on our bed, you milking me and fucking me all day. Picturing our bedroom, me just lying there, belly filling the bed, needing help to even roll over. Our nest, for you to guard and protect and keep secure," he purred, kissing his mate's cheek. "You'll do so well. You're such a wonderful Alpha. So strong, so possessive, so protective. Such a huge knot... Love you," he finished shyly, kissing Sherlock's cheek tenderly then rubbing his bump. "Babies will start moving soon. Can't wait for you to be able to feel them."
They stored the fabric in John's old bedroom and the doctor woke early the next morning. He knew he'd need to be milked, but thought it was best if they did it after the appointment - he still didn't know if the doctor would be an idiot and heed the warning, and anything that might heighten Sherlock's possessive and protective instincts was best kept until after the scan. He dressed carefully and made breakfast, batting away his Alpha's attempts to help (to dampen the instinct to provide). He did permit Sherlock to fuss over his clothing, if only because he knew they wouldn't leave the house until the Alpha had satisfied himself that John and the pups wouldn't be cold, and an hour later he was sat on an examination couch, Sherlock standing imperiously beside him, when the doctor walked into the room. A doctor who looked oddly familiar, but he couldn't place why.
John leaned back into Sherlock, loving how protective and possessive he was being. He made a small hum of agreement at Sherlock's declaration, his gaze daring them to say another word against his Alpha. He was immensely pleased when they both left. He turned his head slightly to nuzzle Sherlock's cheek. "Didn't you have some answers for Lestrade?" he reminded gently, still clenching his fists, the urge to rub his belly strong after his Alpha's display.
," he rumbled in John's ear, "How many fantasies did you have about me, John? How many ways did you imagine coming around my enormous cock?"
," Sherlock hissed. "John is safe. Look after him and let me take care of this, please," the Detective Inspector soothed, looking urgently at the still-struggling Alpha, whose movements were becoming weaker and weaker as the seconds passed, "Don't make me have to tranq you." He pulled a small syringe from his pocket and held the needle against Sherlock's shoulder, his thumb ready to depress the plunger. "
The rest of the meal passed in a haze of chatting, smiling and laden dishes being passed back and forth. Mrs Hudson insisted on helping to clear the table and when Sherlock brought out the Christmas pudding, flames from the brandy flickering happily, there was a small round of applause and John beamed at his mate. The dessert went down well, dishes scraped clean, and soon the little party were back in the living room, all seated in the squashy armchairs and sofas while Sherlock retrieved the presents from under the tree and made a small pile next to each recipient. "Guests first," John reminded Sherlock softly. "Go on Mycroft, you go first," he called, grinning, eager to see what the others had got him, hoping he'd approve of the bottle of vintage Calvados that he and Sherlock and bought him.
"Your anniversary present," John smiled indulgently, running his hand through the Alpha's dark curls and massaging his scalp slightly, with a little extra pressure behind the ear, right where he knew it made Sherlock pliant and desperate for more affection. "Because it's been one whole year since you pinned me to the floor in Baker Street, and told me I was
"The bite is actually the origin of rank stripes in the armed forces," he murmured, cradling Miles and Alistair. "It's a sign that the marked Alpha has a close, loving bond with the pack leader, that they
Moriarty had moved out of reach of John's kicks and watched with narrowed eyes as John spoke, thoughtfully caressing John's massive belly with an outstretched arm, tutting when he finished his little speech. "No, no, no," he chided softly, "I'm not threatening them. I'm simply making sure they have the
John blushed furiously, his mouth opening a little in his confusion and embarrassment. "I need it," he repeated stupidly, whining a little, not wanting to admit that he didn't care who knew. "Please, Sherlock, I - I need it, I'm so full..." He half-shook his head, clearing it a little. He smiled playfully - two could play at that game, he thought. "Or maybe I should go and take care of it myself? I could go up to our room right now and use the pump, sit on the bed you'll take me to later tonight and take my breasts out, hold the pumps to my plump nipples and flip the switch, watch as all that lovely milk is sucked out of me... Maybe I should do that, if you're too
Sherlock moaned approvingly as John clenched around him for the first time, continuing to draw milk from his mate's breast until it was dry. John's natural instinct to help him suckle was pleasing, and he mewled quietly as he latched on to the other full breast, making pleasured noises as he drew small streams of thick, creamy milk from the nipple. One of his hands reached around to cup John's arse, keeping the Omega tight against him, thrusting more eagerly even as John rocked his hips, feeling his own orgasm build more and more. John's round belly pressed heavily against his stomach, the sensation incredibly erotic as it rubbed against him, and suddenly he was moaning around the breast, spilling deeply into his lover as he continued to thrust into the sleeping Omega's body.
Before the Alpha could reply, Lestrade returned with the requested book and Mycroft arrived. The DI held back, allowing the pack Alpha to enter the nest first as a mark of respect, following him inside and laying the book on Sherlock's bedside table. He retreated to the doorway again, standing guard, waiting patiently to see if he could be of further use.
"No," the Alpha articulated as firmly as he could manage, standing his ground and meeting Moriarty's eyes.
"Are you sure you can take it?" Sherlock growled, thrusting hard into him. He reached a hand under his mate's enormous belly, John's small cock hard to find under the low, hanging curve of his womb. Finally he closed his slender fingers around it, feeling it slick with sweat and precome. "You'll hardly be able to stretch your lips around the head but you'll take it anyway.. ohh, fuck, John, you'll look so good like that, my cock stuffed down your throat..  you're such a whore you'll still be.. nnh.. moaning for more of it as I fuck you, as I hold your hair and make you take it." He began to pump John's member frantically, in no mood for languid, teasing strokes as he fucked his mate as forcefully as John's massive weight would allow. He loved how vocal John was during sex, wanted to pull as many noises and as much dirty talk as he could out of his mate. Having a thought, he quickly swiped his phone from the bedside table, turning on the microphone recording function before tossing it back. "I'll wank over you first, then straddle you and make you push your breasts together, sit on top of the big belly I've given you and fuck them as I rut against you.."
When Sherlock next awoke, it was to find himself on top of the plump body of his wife, a warm, creamy wetness spreading underneath his chest.
The Alpha began to apologize immediately, "I-I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound like a bloody teenager- It's just-," he huffed a quiet sigh, "I was just wondering, if maybe... maybe you'd like to go out for coffee sometime. With me."
Sherlock purred happily, planting gentle, possessive kisses along his mate's jaw, a gentle nip and hint of teeth with each press of his lips. "I'll miss you mewling and moaning under me, so eager and submissive, begging desperately for my knot and my babies." John's obvious pleasure at the remembrance pleased him to no end. "Soon enough. When you're ready to go off the heat suppressants, we'll get you on birth control if you want it, and I'll knot you so well your first heat that you'll lose your voice from screaming my name in ecstasy."
There was a discreet tap at the door before the Beta entered, carrying the drink Sherlock had ordered. "May I bring you anything else for the show, sir?" the man asked, his eyes deferentially lowered.
... don't want it," he whined desperately, distressed. He whimpered in relief as his Alpha growled and tore the shirt off him, buttons scattering everywhere, and the vest soon followed. John tugged at Sherlock's arm again, dragging him towards the bedroom, wanting to climb into bed with his mate. He threw up the duvet and wriggled under it, making a kind of tent for them, a warm cocoon of bedding that just smelled of
"I'm scared, Greg," John whispered brokenly, crying out as a stronger contraction gripped him. Lestrade bit back a growl of anger at Moriarty, that he'd dared to do this to someone who was as good as family, and squeezed John's hand. "I know, John, I know, but it's alright, it's going to be alright now. I've called Mycroft, he's sending an ambulance with the antidote, and Sherlock and I will look after you, we'll protect you. The ambulance is nearly here, can you hear the sirens? Just another couple of minutes John, then it'll all be over, and we'll get the paramedics to check the pups' heartbeats and make sure everything is fine, and it will be. Your pack Alpha won't have left anything to chance." John gazed at him with big, trusting eyes, utterly vulnerable, but believing him, the DI's calm authority soothing him. Lestrade was careful to push out only soothing, reassuring scent markers, nothing that Sherlock could deem a challenge. It would have been better if they could have dispensed with the scarf, skin-to-skin contact would have been much more reassuring, but both of them knew that Sherlock would not tolerate another Alpha's scent on his Omega after the threat they had just experienced.
"Oh fuck... Sherlock... Hold us," he moaned wantonly, "hold your babies with me," he gasped, moving Sherlock's hands to cup his belly, placing his hands over his Alpha's and bouncing harder, almost frantically, on his cock. "Thirteen pups you put in me... Can't wait to feel them moving, kicking and rolling... Going to get so
He frowned minutely, sending a pulse of reassuring love to Sherlock through their bond, just in case.
Sherlock crawled over to his waiting Omega. He nuzzled John's belly and pressed close, stroking where the triplets were kicking and gazing appreciatively at the Omega's milk-heavy teats.
John stayed with Sherlock, holding him and soothing him, letting him suckle when he needed it, until an exhausted-looking Mycroft strolled into the room. The Alpha's shirt was rumpled, unbuttoned at the neck, and his tie was missing. There was a stain on his trousers that John suspected very strongly was baby vomit. "Hello Sherlock," he murmured softly. "How are you feeling?" He nodded a greeting to John, his expression soft and kind. He knew that John must have settled Sherlock immensely, as the doctors hadn't complained too much about the stubborn detective.
, the Alpha hummed quietly, disappointed at the sudden loss if the more glorious reveal he'd anticipated, when the fabric of the gown finally gave way from the sheer size and motion of the Omega's teats, and pinged back to frame them pornographically. But John on top of him now could only have looked more like an Omega porn star if he'd been heavily collared. The Alpha wanted nothing more than to take him, to watch him moan and writhe, his breasts pressing heavily against Sherlock's flat chest - he couldn't help but hesitate, his heart sinking with guilt.
face-up and gleaming proudly in the sunlight. The Omega appeared so innocent, wide-eyed and ready to please, but his gigantic, heavy breasts, large, swollen nipples, the obvious curve of his belly, his small cock at attention, and christ, the
Mycroft nodded solemnly, waiting for the other Alpha to hold out his wrist to follow his words with submissive action. To his surprise, the DI began to quickly remove his own shirt, the garment soon a heap on the floor behind him. It was not an act of posturing - Lestrade had kept his eyes firmly closed or downcast so as not to challenge the pack Alpha - but one of submission. The grey-haired Alpha had exposed his torso to make himself vulnerable before Mycroft, and to allow his new pack to scent him without barriers. Keeping his head bowed, Lestrade offered his wrist to his new pack Alpha.
Sherlock paused a little at the question. It wasn't something he'd thought about, much. In his fantasies, John could produce an infinite amount of children for him, but in reality, the Omega's time and eggs were very limited indeed; John was fast approaching menopause, and while Sherlock was certain his mate's body would not quit until all his eggs had been fertilized, there weren't too many of those left, either. "Ten, perhaps...," he said at length, nosing his Omega's scent gland, "your first litter was so enormous that you could have got several more small broods out of it, had our bonding not been so urgent. But you have an ample number left yet... Such a fertile Omega..."
John yawned and stretched, wriggled slightly. Something was off. A draught, that was it. Cold air ghosted over his chest, his pyjamas were wriggling... wait, no. That wasn't right. Ah, there. A mouth on him, warm and wet and insistent. He smiled. "You know love, if you're hungry, you could always make yourself some toast." He carded a hand through his Alpha's dark curls as he suckled, glad of the relief; he'd grown considerably since Christmas and now needed to be milked between two and three times a day, his belly reaching out to the limit of his thighs when he sat, rubbing lightly against the floor when he was on all fours. Walking had become harder, he always needed help to stand now, and he looked roughly overdue with triplets. He was glad, now, that he'd chosen a dress for the wedding; the style he'd chosen was still masculine, and a suit would definitely have felt too restrictive. He tilted his head to one side, gazing down at his mate fondly. Only two more weeks, and they'd be getting married.
Sherlock nodded slightly. "I ... did not expect for that to happen," he murmured honestly. He had wanted to say he'd wished John had never found out about that part of his childhood in that manner, but realized immediately that that was not entirely true - that, surprisingly, he could not say he regretted what had passed between them. He'd trusted his Omega enough to regress into a child's mind, and John had cared for him as if he were his own precious pup. And Sherlock had felt loved, felt forgiven. The Alpha sighed and lay his head on his mate's shoulder, watching their baby nurse. "I hope you will not judge my own mother too harshly for whatever insights you may have had into my younger days."
"You've been producing more slick than usual," the detective continued, clearing his throat as he suppressed his Alpha, "Going through so many pairs of pants and trousers, when you're allowed to wear them. Definitely close to birthing - you were like a faucet with the last ones in the weeks before they arrived, and absolutely insatiable. You were practically a wild animal in heat, needing me all day and all night..." His Alpha was winning out again, and he growled deeply. "Tell me, how does it feel this time around?"
doctor." The course wouldn't start until September, so the young Omega would have time to build his confidence before he left; even the fact that he felt he'd be ready to leave home and go to university by then made John's heart swell with pride until he thought it might burst.
Sherlock looked up as John spoke, and set Iris down gently. He crawled across the mattress and tentatively wrapped his arms around his mate, letting John choose how much of the contact he wanted. The Alpha allowed more of his apologies to flow through the bond, along with his joy and pleasure. "Thank you. I'm so sorry, John. I
John panted lightly as he trembled, Sherlock's kisses and licks to his swollen belly only adding to the heat coiling in him. He wriggled desperately, gripping the sheets and keening, unable to speak but mouthing
As they had expected, John remained in his Omega a full day, the sleeping aids and Mycroft's scented handkerchief combining to give him a deep and dreamless sleep snuggled as close as he could get to his mate. He came back to himself a little before the 24 hour danger window had elapsed and blinked owlishly as he processed the previous day's events. He inhaled deeply, his mate's scent grounding him. "Sherlock," he said uncertainly, "tell me he's dead."
. The tender praises flowed easily through their bond, each accompanied by loving touch. Sherlock let his entire being show his devotion to John, and as he did so, he unfastened the beautiful collar and set it aside on the table.
Mary offered to drive them to the next location, a Victorian Gothic estate of Sherlock's choosing; the Alpha accepted gratefully, and the two exchanged nearly-relaxed smiles for the first time since their meeting. The red brick edifice was noble but approachable - though not in the physical sense; it was a small walk across a lush, tree-strewn lawn from the street to the arching front door, although the real-estate agent assured the couple that the actual garage and drive were closer, just not usable until the current owners moved out. The interior proved to be elegant, well-lit, and spacious. Most of the walls were painted a general, stately cream, but a few rooms revealed pastel shades of pink and blue that made the Alpha wrinkle his nose. The first story was composed of a small variety of parlours, sitting rooms, and a single study, while the two upper floors were relegated to bedrooms; there was no definite space for a nursery, however. "We can always convert one of the large sitting rooms into a nursery," the Alpha suggested, "The master bedroom is on the second floor, but we could choose the sitting room directly next to the stairs, so it wouldn't be far to travel." The space in question was quite big indeed, lit healthily by a large picture window; it already had doors, as well - it was just a matter of moving the cribs inside.
Sherlock gave a grunt of recognition, rubbing his mate's side to relax him and sending soothing emotions through their bond. The baby's head was just beginning to part John's hole, just on the cusp of crowning, the Omega's entrance bulging obscenely around the skull. The Alpha frowned; the flesh looked painfully red, the child obviously not having enough lubrication to exit. He tried to open John's hole gently with his fingers, pushing back the sore tissue - only to be met with a painful groan from his mate. Sherlock's eyes flickered up to his laboring mate, worried. John couldn't help but push, but pushing would only hurt the Omega more. His brow furrowed in consideration - and suddenly his eyes lit with an idea.
Sherlock felt his ire rising with every word. Once, Moriarty's speech might have been seductive - but he was so wrong. There had been no other Alpha. It had not been about being alone. It had been about how much he wanted John. About how beautiful and brilliant his Omega was that it overcame every barrier of self-control he had put between them. As accidental as the bonding had been, there was more behind it than the emptiness his rival was suggesting.
Sherlock was looking proudly over the pups cuddled around his own legs as a few squirmed, instinctively trying to rub more of the father's scent on themselves. The room was filled with the sounds of soft cooing and gurgling, and the light breathing of newborn pups. The lights outside the tent of blankets suffused the nest with a gentle, warm glow; soon enough it would be dark and filled with silvery moonlight once more as the family stole a few precious hours of rest before the entire cycle began again. "A year ago, if someone had told you you would have this, would you have believed them?" the Alpha murmured thoughtfully.
, fine, I surrender," he chuckled, catching John's hand mid-strike. He brought it to his lips and kissed it sweetly. "Good morning," he smiled, his other hand already rubbing John's middle. His eyes travelled downward and confirmed what the Omega's scent was telling him. "Christ, look at you," he breathed, feeling how low and firm his mate's belly was. He took a moment to collect himself, his instincts and his rational mind both suddenly fighting for his attention. Just then, one of the pups began raising their voice. Sherlock blinked and shook his head, as if trying to clear water out of his ears. "Right," he muttered, "Pups first, and then you're eating as much food as we can make for you before it's time. You're going to need your strength." He kissed John and got out of bed reluctantly, double checking the room was secure before heading to the nursery.
, knowing more of his Alpha's pups were growing inside him, and teasing at his hole only made him wetter. Slowly, sensually, he trailed his own slick up to his little cock and began to rub himself, his other hand never leaving his bump, his breathing coming a little quicker. Unable to stop caressing his belly, each time his hand pushed over the outermost swell he keened loudly; he felt wonderfully voluptuous, increasing in volume as he locked eyes with his mate and began working his cock faster, his purrs turning into loud, wanton, open-mouthed moans. The amount of sensual pleasure that rubbing his bump was giving him couldn't have been more obvious; he worshipped it as he wanked himself, each brush over the rounded swell drawing a fresh keening groan from him. His pupils blew wide as his hole relaxed and slicked further, ready to accept his Alpha's cock, and he forced himself to draw out the pleasure until his thighs were shaking and he was biting his lip so hard it hurt, panting and moaning without inhibition, and finally he cupped the underside of his belly just as he came with a relieved scream.
A small beta woman approached them, a demure Omega in tow, the man naked and almost as heavily pregnant as John. "Welcome," she purred, and Sherlock recognized her voice as the one that had invited them in. She eyed John, a smile curling softly on her lips as his low belly moved with the kicking of the triplets. "Your Omega appears ripe and nearly ready to whelp. Will you be requiring a birthing suite this evening? Or perhaps a stage?"
Sherlock finished John's second breast and moved up John's body to give him a long, languid kiss. "No, you have me, John. Some days I wonder the same things about us as well, but it's not a dream - you are my mate, my only chosen One, and I love you more than words can ever say. I've filled you with
"Well, that's just rude," the Omega tutted, as if Sherlock had called him ugly or made a minor slur against his mother. "Of course, I never come unprepared to our little meetings... The snipers don't have bullets, today. Oh no. They've got tranq darts. I could have them subdue you and tie you up and then just ride that
!" he gasped, mouth open in surprise, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. "About bloody time!"
John let out a filthy moan and melted into the touch. "Yours, all yours, only yours," he agreed happily. "Mmm... I really can't wait to show everyone my bump and see the looks on their faces." He nuzzled into his Alpha, sighing. "Can't you make time go faster?" he whined, forgetting momentarily that his powerful Alpha wasn't actually omnipotent.
Slowly John's whines relaxed into contented purrs, vibrating through his chest as he began to smile and rub his cheek against his Alpha's scent gland. Sherlock's hand on his belly felt marvellous and he wriggled in his mate's lap, trying to get him to cup and rub over the whole swell, tilting his head to invite his mate to scent the new pups; at three months pregnant, the Alpha should have been able to scent their primary genders, and they had not yet gone for an initial scan. They'd simply been too busy with their existing litter, and trusted the strength of their bond and John's obvious health - nothing would go wrong.
John grabbed his breasts and squeezed them hard, causing twin jets of creamy milk to spray all over them both, splashing onto Sherlock's chest. He grinned cheekily and dipped a hand into the cushions, bringing out the camera he'd hidden there, pressing it into his Alpha's hands. He could feel his mate's erection pressing wetly between his cheeks and lifted his hips, impaling himself on it as he dropped back down and moaning slightly as he began to bounce on it. "Ohhhh. Sherlock... So big... So full..." he teased his own nipples, leaking more milk, smearing it over his perky breasts until they glistened, kneading them until they were leaking steadily, soaking his belly too. "Ah... Feel so
John paled at his outburst and carefully lay the babies he was feeding on the bed next to Sherlock, quickly taking Adam to lay him with his siblings and returning to scoop Remington into his arms, holding him tight against his chest. "Now you listen to me," he said sternly, "Siger Holmes is an arrogant idiot. He does not control the world, and being a male Omega is NOT a drawback unless you make it one. There are NO restrictions on male Omegas getting places at university, or jobs, or positions of power. There are twenty-eight Omega male Members of Parliament! I won't pretend life is easy, because it's not, but it's not because you're a male Omega. You are NOT any less worthy than anyone else because of your gender, and Siger was WRONG to make you think any different. And why wouldn't someone want you? You're obviously very clever, you're caring and gentle and kind, and you've got the same good looks as your brothers. You've got a natural maternal instinct,
John's cries rose in volume as he struggled to fight off his climax; obeying orders while wearing his collar and being on display like this helped push him towards subspace, but he would need his Alpha's cock to submerge completely. A playful smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he dropped his free hand to squeeze his own breast, spraying milk all over his belly - and the servant's. He began to rub it in, all the while begging and whimpering for release, gazing straight at his Alpha with laser focus.
Miles blinked up at his father thoughtfully, sensing his unease; John felt it too and huffed a small laugh. "You think you weren't good enough?" he slurred happily, his voice lazy with satiation, "Sherlock, love... That was
me, pinning me down and ramming that fat Alpha cock into me, fucking me into submission, biting me as you knot to make me yours? You've not once thought about
Purring more loudly at the order, John let his mouth fall open, licking his lips as he began to moan softly from the sensations; stroking his belly felt
Sherlock had also glanced back at the throw, a soft gleam in his eye as he made a mental note to return and retrieve it - but it couldn't be any other one than the one John had touched, he mused. No other would do. As John snuggled into his side in the cab, the Alpha surreptitiously flicked open his phone and fired off a text to Mycroft.
John pressed his nose to the crook of Sherlock's neck and breathed deeply, lazily enjoying the love pulsing through the bond, loving the feel of his Alpha's hand on his pregnant belly. He snuggled closer, sighing blissfully; surely this was what he was meant for, to carry Sherlock's pups. "It doesn’t upset me, you know," he said softly. "Not being a traditional couple. I love how mental our life is and I wouldn't have it any other way... I just wish I'd thought to get you something like this," he murmured, feeling a little ashamed, cheeks burning when he realised Sherlock might choose not to wear a ring at all; many Alphas didn't, after all, whether for work or personal reasons or simply because
he purred sensually, wriggling and moaning quietly as Sherlock teased his belly button. He rocked his hips, rubbing himself against Sherlock's leg a little faster, eyelids fluttering at his mate's possessive hand on his bump.
John grinned, his rational mind taking over once more now that the second pup had been safely birthed. "
By the time they got back to the flat John's breasts were full and he could feel his milk threatening to leak. He let Sherlock put the bags away while he went straight to the nest, stripping and kneeling on all fours, his protruding navel ghosting over the sheets. He was perfectly capable of attaching the pumps himself, but knew Sherlock liked to do it, so he waited, trying not to be impatient. When Sherlock appeared he began to mewl for it, begging. "Please, Sherlock... I need it... Need to be milked... please, I'm so full, my breasts are so heavy... Put the pumps on me, milk me, please... My nipples are so ready to be nursed, so plump, I need to be milked," he whimpered, flexing his back to push his breasts forward, giving his mate better access.
"Ohh, fuck," Sherlock moaned, trying desperately not to come; he wanted to extend every possible second of the incredible scene in front of him. John's round breasts glistened wetly as they jiggled in his palms; the Alpha greedily squeezed them again and again, milk splashing against the shower walls, each pair of creamy jets quickly washed away by the shower spray. "Fuck, my Omega... so perfect... so gorgeous-," he gasped and groaned when John squeezed around him, thrusting faster in time with John's bouncing. "I'll milk you until you're dry and then you'll only fill up with more for me, your breasts swelling larger to meet my demand and prepare to feed our young. Soon it will be hard to get my hands around your chest... so prepared for nurturing my pups..." He growled deeply in John's ear, squeezing the twin mounds again, "God, you're so tight, make me fill you so well, your greedy little hole so eager around my big Alpha cock..."
John gave a soft, satisfied whine and began licking his Alpha's jaw like a kitten lapping at cream, encircling him with tired arms and clinging to him with a contented smile.
John grunted and huffed, moaning plaintively as the pup began to emerge. Even with the lubrication it was slower now; his muscles were growing fatigued, and for the first time he found himself really having to work hard to push the baby out. He let out a keening sigh as a concentrated effort finally delivered the head, groaning and lowing through the next few minutes, the sounds entirely animalistic as he focussed on his contractions, crying out quietly as he felt the shoulders slip free. With another two hard pushes, the baby finally slid into Sherlock's hands and John moaned in relief, his eyes fluttering closed as he tried to catch his breath. He turned and sat against the headboard, too tired to move much, only opening his eyes blearily when he felt his mate push the pup to his breast. He cradled it and blinked down at it, purring so quietly it was almost inaudible as the little boy opened his tiny mouth and suckled needily. He smiled when he saw sandy curls peeking out from under the navy hat his mate had placed on him and ran his fingers across the tag -
I want all of our pups. All our precious babies. I thought I needed a break after my first pregnancy, but with this one - I'm far less Omega. We're already settled here, we've already got a nest, so my instincts aren't as strong and they're leaving me alone. I'm far more lucid, I drop into my Omega less, and for the first time in my life my body is doing what it was built for. It feels - it feels pretty good, actually. My diet is appalling at the moment, all those cakes your mother keeps making and my favourite little pies you keep bringing me, but still - I'm
"Oh, girls," Catherine tutted softly. At a pleading look from Sherlock, she opened her shirt with practiced ease, revealing two plump and leaking breasts for the unhappy pups to suckle on. She picked up the squalling babies and held them to her chest, and soon all was quiet except for the sounds of cooing and contented feeding.
John quirked an eyebrow as Sherlock and Lestrade came back to the lounge, a fading blush present on his Alpha's cheeks and an oddly proud expression on the inspector's face. He smiled proudly at his mate as he announced that the meal was ready and began extracting himself from the blanket, very conscious of Mrs Hudson watching him keenly, eager to see how his belly had grown and feeling awful for Molly -
"I look forward to it," John purred suggestively, tilting his head to allow Sherlock better access to his bondbite, shivering in pleasure and submission as his mate rubbed his claim into his skin. He'd smell of his mate for
In short order the two women had been invited onto the bed as well, everyone tangled in each other's arms, nuzzling and purring, rubbing noses affectionately against shoulders and cheeks and arms. Remington and Catherine held back a little, having only met John once before, during the initial pack scenting, but soon relaxed and approached him under Sherlock's watchful eye. John purred loudly, glad of the company of other Omegas, of the assurance of affection and protection for his pups from their half-uncle and step-grandmother as well as Beatrice. It felt comfortable, without awkwardness, despite the fact that Sherlock was half-naked and John was completely nude; there was no need for Alpha posturing between the two brothers. This was family, unquestioning loyalty and the knowledge of automatic protection soothed the group; Mycroft had proved himself to be a generous pack leader, allowing his pack members as much freedom as they wished, never attempting to interfere unless it was necessary. John sat happily leaning back against his mate as Mycroft nosed across his forehead and into his hair, stroking a thumb across Remington's cheekbones as Sherlock and his mother held hands, Catherine rubbing her cheek submissively against the pack Alpha's chest.
John flinched as if burned at his Alpha's brusque tone, biting back a pitiful whine of apology that wanted to escape, before shaking his head to clear it and emerging fully from his Omega to find his heartache replaced by mild anger. He reached up and unbuckled the collar, leaving it on his pillow as he marched out of the bedroom and into the nursery. Sherlock's disappointment cut through him like a knife, left him feeling inadequate and stupid; he'd thought after the brutal claiming that his mate had wanted something more tender, certainly he'd been much gentler and more loving. The Alpha hadn't sent his desires through the bond, so John couldn't have known he was expected to be utterly Omega during that round, and his mate's coldness towards him was another slap in the face. It was their first time together in months; he'd hoped for tenderness and approval in the afterglow, not to be made to feel as if he was defective. "I'll feed them in here," he called to his mate, his voice even and just as cold as the Alpha's had been moments before. Slowly, he sank into the rocking chair by the window, a little sore from the rough claiming, and fixed his eyes on his mate when he returned with Eleanor and Felix. "I'll take Ellie first," he instructed, his voice icy.
Sherlock carefully finished his work, then placed the first gentle kiss on top of the bond mark. The thought of John swelling bigger than he was going to already, carrying even more of Sherlock's children, made his cock grow hard inside the Omega again; he rocked his hips a little, making them both shudder and moan in pleasure. He kissed up John's neck, around the soft shell of his ear, on his forehead, both his eyelids, his cheeks, his nose - and finally his soft mouth again, suckling at his mate's lower lip before deepening the kiss, all the while cupping and stroking John's belly. "Fuck, you'll be gigantic," he breathed, "No one could mistake you as not being mine, my mark on your neck and your growing belly on your front, filled so full with my babies. They'll look at us and everyone will know how you must have begged to be like this. I'll have to help you even walk down the street after a while, then just across the flat when you become housebound, and then I'll have to do everything for you, when you can't move from the bed." He continued to kiss John in between sentences, wondering how many his Omega could hold.
"Shhh," the Alpha hushed gently, pressing one long finger to his mate's lips as he looked at John as if the Omega were something deliciously edible. He began to sensually kiss and lick his way down his mate's full body, pressing sultry, open-mouthed kisses against the skin, his teeth just lightly grazing across the pink flesh.
The list of virgin Omegas did not get more than a glance at the heading before Sherlock turned the page. His fingers lingered slightly longer on the glossy photographs of currently unbred playmates. Those who were looking to be impregnated earned the greater share of his time; he traced the soft curves of their middles thoughtfully, calculating their average litter size, how they would grow, how heavy and shapely their form would become. But their pleasures were not to be his; he was not looking to breed. He licked his lips as he turned to the third section of the menu, greeted by the sight of an enormous Omega with voluptuous teats, pinned helplessly to their bed by a belly nearly full to bursting with an enormous litter. He glanced down at John for a moment. "Could be you," he echoed with a grin. "What do you think - another companion after this? You played so well with your first..." His grin widened at the soft, primal noise that emerged from John in response.
"Mr Holmes, we would like to request that your brother's bondmate stays with him tonight. His presence seems to make your brother infinitely more manageable and frankly, we're short staffed. It would be... Immensely helpful to us if we could have a pliant Alpha as a patient rather than an antsy one who seems determined to be as difficult as possible. Would you ask them? I have to make my rounds..."
But John's words were loving and true, and so he raised his head to meekly pillow it on John's chest when he had finished nursing from one breast, lightly lapping at the nipple of the other while he stroked the vast girth of his mate's belly.
"Don't apologise," John replied huskily. "I loved it. Your come was... intoxicating. I loved having it all over my face, something only you will ever be allowed to do to me... Marking me as yours, just like the thirteen pups you put in my belly," he continued, licking lightly at Sherlock's scent gland on his neck. "I wouldn't be opposed to sucking you again... Your cock is so fucking
"I haven't decided yet, Mama. I want to be like Daddy and solve puzzles, but I want to be like you too and help sick people."
"Yeah, you did this to me, you made me so ripe and round... your pups Sherlock, I'm having your pups... You gave me thirteen babies, made me grow, all yours..." He kept his slicked breasts pushed together, loving the friction as he felt his mate's thick, heavy cock press along his sternum, lapping at Sherlock's balls as best he could manage. He whimpered at the attention to his sensitive exposed navel, trying not to move or release any of the pressure. "Soon I'll have to lie on my side all the time, huge and pregnant and helpless, relying on you for everything, unable to do anything but eat and sleep and beg to be fucked... too big to move... God, Sherlock, when you come, you'll come all over this big swollen belly you gave me... will you rub your seed into my skin, claim me with it?" he whispered shakily, feeling Sherlock pant and groan above him, squeezing his mate's cock with his breasts.
The whole pack gasped softly as they witnessed the pup's first word and John felt his eyes fill with happy tears as he watched his mate care so lovingly for their daughter. Snuggled against Sherlock's neck Imogen cooed happily, clinging to his shirt as tightly as she could and revelling in the attention. "Dada," she sighed happily, rubbing her cheek across his scent gland, sounding for all the world as if there was nothing better than Sherlock in existence.
, that will help keep the pups healthy too. They're growing well, sharing resources, and they're all moving well. I know I'm old to be having a first pregnancy but I still had thirteen eggs left at least, so my age shouldn't be an issue either. Calm yourself, my Alpha. This book is meant for Beta pregnancies anyway," he soothed, rocking him like an overgrown toddler. "If you need proof this pregnancy is strong and thriving, suckle at my breasts, drink the milk that shouldn't even have come in at all for another two months at least. My body made it early to please you," he crooned, opening his shirt to give his mate access. He wasn't full yet but he thought if he was milked now he wouldn't need to be milked again until after dinner.
John fidgeted, restless, and poked his Alpha in the ribs. "Full," he pointed out petulantly, pushing his breasts towards his Alpha's mouth, milk dripping invitingly from his dusky nipples.
It had not surprised Mycroft that Sherlock sought him out like this; the rest of the pack all had some sign they belonged, either a collar or a bond bite, but Sherlock only had scent as a mark of belonging. The pack Alpha gripped his brother's hips and ground his erection against his arse, growling his dominance as he deepened the kiss. "Yes... mine now. Mine always," he murmured against Sherlock's lips, wanting his little brother to finally feel completely secure - and suddenly, he knew what he needed to do. He brought his hands up to Sherlock's chest and made quick work of his shirt buttons, tugging the garment off him and flinging it aside before nudging him to the floor and flipping him onto his hands and knees. Draping himself along Sherlock's back, Mycroft gripped his hips and began rubbing his hard cock against Sherlock's arse again, pushing just enough to part the younger Alpha's cheeks a little. "Going to bite you," Mycroft growled, nuzzling a spot on Sherlock's shoulder, right where epaulettes would go on a military uniform. "Going to show everyone you belong to my pack, belong to me."
Sherlock gradually began to suckle more strongly as John spoke, taking big, relieving pulls as his fingers explored the marred tissue. Embarrassment began to sink in as he calmed, that John should have seen such a strong outburst. It wasn't his mate's fault, of course - while most loving Alphas would have felt sadness at the knowledge they'd unintentionally hurt their Omega, John couldn't have known Sherlock would be so undone by it. But years of pining and meticulous caution, and a lifetime of subjection to derision and scorn, of murmurs (and often bold accusations) that he was a freak, a monster, selfish, a disordered Alpha with no sense of instinct - all had taken their toll. It'd shown itself from the first, while they had been searching for their new home and Sherlock had taken his teasing too far, letting John's breasts swell overfull with milk until they ached; he'd been paralyzed with horror and guilt at the Omega's stern reproach afterwards. He did not handle John's disappointment well.
Sliding slowly off John, the Pendleton's Omega encouraged him to flip back over and elevated his partner's hips. He lifted John's legs over his shoulder until his mouth was pressed against John's inviting entrance. Slowly, he dipped his tongue inside, and shivered in pleasure as the taste and heat enveloped him. It was heady, intoxicating, and he immediately craved more.
Sherlock clung desperately to his mother, as if afraid any looser a hold would allow her to fade away into thin air. He didn't care that the whole pack was watching as his tears stained the front of his mother's blouse - he had not felt these arms holding him so close for twenty years, or heard his parent's words of reassurance and love. "N-need you... Don't go, Mummy..," he begged, his breath coming in wet, hitching little gasps, "Love you... Please... Love you so much…"
Sherlock thought for a moment, looking suspiciously at his brother, but finally nodded. It took no concentration at all to bring forth a deep growl that vibrated his in chest and filled the air in the large room. Immediately, all the pups - even Arthur - squeaked in unison, and withdrew from the pack leader, crawling as fast as they could to their father's side. A rainbow of colourful babies plopped down all around the dark-haired Alpha's knees, cooing and giggling and watching their father expectantly. “I don't know, brother mine," Sherlock said, unable to suppress a chuckle as Arthur wriggled himself free from his uncle's arms and made a beeline toward Sherlock, the chubby baby's crawling more like strategic flopping. He scooped up his son and sat him in his lap, looking somewhat more serene than before. "It is nice, but it feels rather manipulative, don't you think? I prefer them to come to me on their own."
. The soft sounds of sex were delicious to him, but John's natural sounds of pleasure even more so. His cock ached almost to the point of pain, still untouched as he watched a ghost of pleasure flicker over the club Omega's face, barely noticeable. The servant had been trained rigorously to have near complete control of his body and facial expressions around the Alphas that attended the club; nothing was done without the client's command.
When they arrived home, he would feed John so much that he could barely leave the bed, forcing his Omega to take as much nourishment as possible in preparation for his labour.
Siger looked like he'd been slapped before narrowing his eyes. "I always knew you had scant respect for your name and bloodline, but never did I think you could be so wilfully shameful. Clearly you do not know your own interest - you would be much better served by my protection. Your Omega looks fit to whelp any day now and I would have the pups know my scent, perhaps they will grow to show proper respect for the Holmes name and I will succeed with them where I failed with you. Now forget this ridiculous, weak defence and stand aside."
Sherlock had waited patiently while John finished his tea, a fond smile settling on his features at John's obvious enjoyment. "The last present, then," he nodded in response to the Omega's careful look, feeling John's eagerness pulse subtly through their bond. He stood and walked to the tree, retrieving the present which seemed appropriately heavy for its size - however, most of its heft came from the padding within. The true gift lay inside the smaller box in the center. The Alpha knew it was horribly cliche, to hide boxes within boxes like matryoshka dolls - but not to do so would have given the surprise away immediately. Nested within was a small, hinged velvet box, containing one small, silver band. The outside of the ring was simple, but the inside contained a thinner band of diamonds, embedded flush with the metal so as not to pinch or irritate the skin of the wearer, and a delicate engraving: '
Sherlock's eyes lit up brilliantly- so he had fertilized all of them, and John's confirmations made something in his chest swell warmly until he thought he would burst with love for his Omega. He shifted gently on top of John, pulling his partner closer, their bodies slotting together perfectly. He crashed his lips into John's less carefully, the kiss filled with passion and a primal Alpha possessiveness. "Mine," he couldn't help but purr.
insane detective husband is Sherlock Alexander Holmes-Watson. Our pack leader is your brother Mycroft who is the British Government and an annoying git sometimes. We lived at 221B Baker Street until we bonded and you bred me on the living room floor and you put thirteen of your children in me. We moved here so I could nest. We got married last week, I wore a kilt suit dress and you looked dashing in your tux. I have a Beta sister called Harry who showed up pissed. Alright, love? It's me. All me," he said softly, sensing the need in his mate to have him fully present.
He pulled the faux fur throw along with him and spread it out over the bed, stripping out of his pyjamas and wriggling with some difficulty into the lingerie he'd chosen for this occasion; a powder blue babydoll embroidered with white snowflakes and a matching thong. It was more daring than the last set, certainly; it pushed his breasts together and up, making them look almost twice their normal D-cup size and the fabric parted high on his belly, the curve of it pushing out obscenely, too big to be contained. The thong cupped his small cock prettily and only barely contained his balls, the sides sitting high on his curvy hips, accentuating them. With a sigh he rolled back onto the soft blanket, luxuriating in the feel of it for a few moments, before shifting to kneel, sitting back on his heels, legs spread to accommodate the lower curve of his heavy middle. He smiled and stroked the bump, looking for all the world as if his sole purpose in life was to be pregnant, and called to his mate with permission to enter the nest.
A pained, delirious moan escaped from John as he began to stroke himself, sweating with the effort of not coming, his cock pulsing and ready for release as his hole grew slicker and began to ripple around Sherlock's cock.
"Hmmmm," John sighed agreeably, nuzzling into the touch, purring continuously with a happy little smile on his face. The exertion had made him a little dozy, and until his mate demanded to be serviced again he was perfectly happy to lie in his mate's arms, firmly knotted and glad of the break; for the first eight weeks, he'd had two pups on his breasts constantly whenever they were awake, even nursing them in his sleep, and now they were three months old they could snatch a few hours away from them here and there. He stroked over his small belly reverently, protectively, satisfied at how plump he was; breastfeeding thirteen pups and the constant effort of looking after them had meant he lost nearly all of his baby weight very quickly, retaining a little to cushion the new litter; now, though, he was starting to fill out again, his face growing a little rounder, his hips a little wider, his waist losing definition as his belly expanded. Before, he'd felt self-conscious about his weight gain, but after seeing how much Sherlock loved seeing him plump and heavy with babies he'd begun to enjoy it.
Seated, the Alpha paused. Something was very off. John's knuckles were nearly white in their grip on the chair, his large plate of food - ordered especially to help him feed their growing pups - was growing cold, his silverware untouched, still wrapped neatly in a white linen napkin. And John would not look at him. He clenched his jaw briefly in another wave of hurt - only to feel the full force of John's emotion roll over him. The Alpha inhaled, trying to process, to cope. "John?" he murmured, tentatively placing a hand on his mate's back. "John," he tried again, slowly closing his eyes and brushing his nose along the Omega's scent gland, nuzzling him softly, "John, please look at me."
the Omega agreed mindlessly, keening and pressing back against his mate's touch. His scent changed in response to the Alpha's dominance, the way Sherlock was grunting like an animal as he fucked him; notes of pleasure, security, submission, adoration, and more than that,
"So you're going to decide this for me as well?" John said hotly, his face thunderous. "We both know there comes a point when you're slipping into instinct that you can choose to back away, when you know you'll lose yourself if you drop any further! So no, you weren't yourself when you did it, but you knew I didn't want it and you let yourself get completely Alpha anyway. How the fuck do you expect me to breastfeed more than thirteen pups at once? Do you even know how many you filled me with this time?" he hissed angrily, his hands balled into fists at his sides. "I'll say it one more time.
dripping down the insides of your legs." He kissed breathlessly along the line of John's neck with a low growl, "Before you know it, I'll be pressing you back into a chair, perhaps laying you on the kitchen table, tearing off your trousers, your legs spread like a common whore as I shove my enormous cock into your arse and take you right there," He nipped the skin possessively, dark bruises blossoming underneath his lips, "I'll fill you so full of my seed you look full term with another pup by the time the hormones wear off." The Alpha could feel the pups kicking wildly in response to their parents excitement, John's belly visibly warping with dozens of small, strong movements. "Tell me," the Alpha grunted, his knot already beginning to swell, "tell me how much of my length your greedy little hole is taking, how far I'm ploughing into you with each thrust. Do you feel how huge I am, John? How swollen and enormous my cock is as I claim you? You're mine. I'll knot you just like you said, so big that you'll swear you're ready to push out the first of my babies from your tight little hole."
my name to be different, because now my life is different and I've got you and the babies and I'm not the same John Watson anymore and that's... that's brilliant," he smiled softly, stroking Sherlock's hair. "Were you leaning heavily towards one choice or the other?" he checked, nuzzling his mate.
Sherlock lifted one of the tiny ear hats from the rest, and found himself only half-able to look at it with malice. His gaze dropped back down to the rest of the gift, and warmth stirred in his heart. "I... we appreciate it very much," he said, unsure of how to fully express his gratitude. "It is... truly helpful."
The Alpha instinctively tilted the pliant Omega's hips upward, cupping John's arse and pulling him closer, rocking into his mate as John's wall clenched around him. He purred in satisfaction as he inhaled and was met with the scent of
Sherlock watched John go with a mix of lust and pure love, pleased and amazed at his Omega's willingness to go through with it all. With the swell of his belly and breasts incredibly obvious in his nakedness, and the Alpha's come dripping down his thighs, his mate looked absolutely incredible as he so casually prepared their meal. At John's request, his eyes widened in curiosity and then narrowed in a deep want, a low, approving purr sounding in his throat. He moved his chair closer to John's, and took his mate's utensil in his hand, twirling it on the plate to gather a healthy forkful of noodles. "Shall we begin?" he murmured, observing his mate with an almost predatory gaze. He fed John the first bite, smirking as the Omega eagerly chewed and swallowed and opened his mouth for the next one.
, he ordered softly, stroking John's hair as the Omega sipped the liquid, the Alpha's gaze tender and loving.
"I'm sure the others are wondering where we are," Sherlock murmured idly, "Or perhaps not, with the pups keeping them so busy. They're so pleased with themselves, our children - they know exactly what to do to get the most attention from their pack members..."
Sherlock had dropped further, as well, completely and comfortably submerged in instinct. His consciousness was just below the surface, a failsafe to keep him from going too deeply, taking things too far; no matter what, he was not completely off his guard. He could sense his mate's need, and immediately broke from his attentions to grip John at the hips and encourage him to turn over. What had frightened him before, he wanted now. They were Alpha and Omega, and with his mate's permission he would take what was rightfully his, show the other man how good of an Alpha he was, how worthy, how far above the others they'd seen that day. His cock was bigger, he could bring his mate the most pleasure, protect him and their pups better than any of the rest. He would remind him of his power, he willed, as he sank his teeth deep into John's bondbite.
John gasped and cried out, the pleasure searing hot, his tight passage stretched more than it ever had been by the enormous knot, Sherlock's seed filling him in thick spurts, almost forcing his belly out further with sheer volume. The Omega came hard, clenching desperately around his Alpha, twitching violently and clutching his mate's hands to ground himself. For several minutes, neither of them could speak, panting hard, pressing the occasional soft kiss to the other's lips. They lay there together, knotted and blissful, the pups calmed and sleeping in John's belly, a faint trace of their new pack Alpha's scent still present, powerful but oddly soothing. "I know you'll always protect me," John managed eventually. "I know you'd do anything for me, and our pups. I can't wait for you to meet them." He smiled fondly as his mate responded with a purr and began rubbing his gravid stomach possessively. He let his eyes slide closed, lolling his head back onto Sherlock's shoulder, sliding gently into sleep for his afternoon nap.
Sherlock purred and kissed back, ignoring his own throbbing erection in favour of John's mouth. He moaned at the soft slide of their lips against one another's. "I'm glad I can please you so well..," he hummed, rolling to the side and pulling John slightly on top of him, so that his mate's full belly was resting atop the Alpha's flat stomach. "I always feel complete when I am with you, my gorgeous Omega... and with you, too, little one," he chuckled as one of the triplets bumped against his hand.
