He nods, putting Tony down gently onto the bed. Tony stirs slightly, and he pauses, but to no avail. Tony wakes, eyes blinking against the harsh artificial light coming from overhead.
The woman smiled at Steve and bent down to give him a kiss on the cheek before sitting down next to him.
But he's not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, and he's soon standing next to where Tony had huddled himself into a corner of the bathroom, trying to hide away from whatever person was 'coming after him'.
Tony laughed.  “You know damn well it is, since you got Fury to drop the morality clause.  How’d you do it?”
“Oh, I can probably beat you at potatoes,” Steve said, tapping his stomach. “Irish Catholic, you know.”
“There’s another gala,” Tony said. “I’m there, looking fabulous, surrounded by people I hate so I decide to duck out for a bit, but then there’s this guy harassing me . . . really nasty.” Tony could see it: him in his tux, a big brute of a Dom, a darkened alleyway. “It’s about to get bad and I’m starting to panic, when I hear this voice at the end of the alley saying, ya know, with a Brooklyn accent: ‘You leave him alone!’”
“Amen,” Rhodey, Steve, and Natasha answered. (Okay, Rhodey and Steve made sense, but Tony was kinda surprised by Natasha.)
“True,” he answered, turning to her with a smile, but it dimmed quickly.  “I wonder how many Thursdays until he decides he’s had enough–built up his nest egg and can move on.”
“Thank you!” Tony cried, at the same time Clint said, looking worried: “I’m really not living this down any time soon, am I?”
“Oh fuck, Steve,” Tony murmured against his hair.  “You’re like a force of nature.**  Jesus!  Are you trying to kill me with sexual pleasure?  Are you an incubus?  God, you’re amazing . . .”
“You bet!” Tony checked his watch. “Give it another twenty minutes for politeness, then we can beat it.”
“I don’t really understand,” Steve admitted.  “But it’s still interesting.”  (Keep talking!)  Tony shrugged and looked at his watch again.  (I’m obviously wasting his time.)  Tony didn’t take up where he’d left off.
Tony stood surrounded by dozens of glowing schematics. Usually when he discarded an idea he'd pluck the glowing schematic from the air, ball it up and throw it into the holographic trashcan to keep his visual thought-scape from getting cluttered. (JARVIS backs it all up anyway.) This time, he couldn't seem to make himself throw out a single possibility, even when it looked like they'd fail.
“I meant it, you know,” Steve murmured, gazing down into his eyes.  “I’ve been holding the words in for so long.  Wasn’t how I meant to say it, but I do mean it.”  He licked his lips and smiled.
“I just . . . after, uh, you restrained me . . . it felt more and more like floating or maybe being under water, but in a good way like
Tony’s chest felt tight and his eyes stung—they were more alike than he’d known. She looked at him with the same haunted eyes he’d seen in the glass reflection of his workshop’s walls, that pleading look—
Two couples--one of them Harry and Sasha!--nearly collided with Steve and Tony’s unexpectedly stationary bodies.
Steve paced back and forth faster and faster, his thoughts a chaotic, miserable jumble, circling  around and around, back and forth; he poked and picked at the painful idea like a scab-- until finally it bled.
Whatever.  Eggs are eggs.  Tony clutched his coffee, holding it close to his chest.  He stole glances at Rogers as he cooked, deftly chopping asparagus and grating cheese with dizzying speed.  His trousers were a little too short and a little too tight and Tony wasn’t above enjoying the view, at least until he realized Clint or Natasha might notice.  Tony focused his attention on his coffee once more, still too fuzzy to join in Bruce’s breakdown of the asinine science in “Day After Tomorrow.”
The short version: things are really rough right now and I can't write. But I'm hoping things get better and I can post the next chapter on April 1st!
The creature was getting taller and narrower, gathering itself up. Tony braced for an attack and readied his repulsors on stun; his heart started slamming into his chest, even faster than before. As the creature grew, it was changing color too, from that slick, repellent greyish-green to a muted red, grey, and blue.
Rogers nudged the tray closer with a bit of a smile as he confessed a little wistfully, “Not that we could have a whole chicken except maybe on Christmas.”
And it was on the tip of Tony’s tongue—“Yeah, cool. Tradition!  Let’s bring back the chariot!  Or better yet,
Tony laughed, then frowned. “Not a bad idea. Maybe the 5.6 version. You could wear it to conferences, when security isn’t up to par.”
“I can take a hint,” Tony said with a little laugh. “Time for a food break. I’m a little stir crazy anyway. How about we go for a hotdog?”
“Alec—loved your interview. And don’t feel too bad. Lots of people don’t know which continent Chechnya is on . . .”
Tony’s mouth went dry as Steve lifted his arms into the air above his head—not high enough to strain, but high enough to feel it.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
a test?)  She nodded and gave him something almost like a smile.  “It’s good having you.  The junior agents and trainees like your style.  We thought celebrity might get in the way of the job, but they seem to find your presence
(And fuck, oh fuck, why the fuck don’t I shut up?)   It was like he was puking up words, couldn’t hold them in, and next thing he knew he’d blurted:  “Even
“Welcome back! Sadly, we have to let the Captain be going soon. But before we do, we’ve got some questions collected from the audience.”
Pepper sighed and Tony couldn’t tell if she was more resigned or exasperated (and surely the ability to be both at once is a real marvel).
"Steve," Tony says sounding all confused again, "Stevie, my head still hurts. Why is it hurtin'? Can you call Pepper? She's always gotta headache pill for me. She's the - the best. You'll love her." Tony states matter-of-factly.
A number of emotions flash across Steve's face. Steve looks confused, then hurt and finally determined.
Doctor Mikhailov allows Steve to visit their daughter on the condition that he uses a wheelchair. She performed the routine checkup - Tony had left the room to give them privacy - and had stated that the serum wasn't healing at its usual rate. Which wasn't something she was too worried about, seeing as Steve's body had gone through the process of housing a baby he wasn't aware of and had had to work twice as hard seeing as Steve hadn't exactly done everything he would need to if he had known he was pregnant. And then there was the actual birth. On top of tearing slightly, Steve had also lost a lot of blood, which explains his pallor and how he still seemed so exhausted.
Tony turned to look at him, brown eyes glowing golden in the light of the bedside lamp. He didn't say anything for a while, eyes scrutinising every inch of him.
He could feel the last bits of his dark thoughts fade away to the back of his mind the longer he spent down in the lab. The sounds were familiar, the work second nature to him.
"I said, because I knew you were going to act like this, " Steve muttered, not looking him in the eye.
Tony cocks his head to one side, watching him for a couple of beats, and then he straightens up and walks over to Steve.
"We're sorry, Tony," she looks at Rhodey and Rhodey nods before looking at Tony, "We just worry. We don't want to see you hurt again."
He knows how exhausted Steve must be, especially after the grueling labor, then having to deal with the fact that their daughter wasn't breathing properly. It was enough to put stress on anyone else, and coupled with the fact that Tony
He clears his throat and Bruce jumps, and then relaxes when he realises that it's him. He puts his textbook down on the table beside him and stands, walking towards them.
He looks at Steve again. "Did you perhaps get his bottle of water that he drank from? If you have it I can take a sample from it and check what he might've been drugged with." he says, and Steve can just about kick himself for not thinking of that.
"Do you want to hold her? I just realized you never - She's your daughter, too. You should hold her," Steve stumbled over the words.
Past experiences hadn't prepared him for something like this to happen. And yet, he was fully prepared to be there one hundred percent for his baby. And he was more than ready to help Steve with whatever he needs or might need.
“I was doing maintenance on Dum-E and Butterfingers must’ve moved the ball harder than necessary because Dum-E chased after it and his wires got tangled up around me. It might not have been as bad if I hadn’t already hurt my ankle in the fight with Doom and his less than intelligent robots.”
"No, Tony. I'm not joking. I've loved you for a long time, but I never said anything because you won't know how it feels when the person that you love keeps on telling you that whatever they were doing was never going to be real and was just something temporary. If that was all that I could get from you then I was willing to take it. And I thought I could do it but even I have my limits, and I'm sorry if I hurt you but Sharon and I were never a thing, and you hurt me too, Tony. So much," he says.
And yes, having someone like Steve who was willing to overlook his own discomfort at this situation in order to comfort him felt nice. It was nice knowing that someone cared about him.
A part of him was enraged that someone had tried to hurt Tony, had gone to extremes to do whatever unthinkable act they'd thought of to him.
"I know this isn't exactly what we had planned, but I think that as far as ruining plans for the future, this one seems to be okay! In five months' time we'll be welcoming a little baby into the world. Well, you'll be doing that part and I'll be cheering you on, but still. We'll have a child with both of our good genes. What could possibly make you so worried?"
The next time he sees Steve, he's been dragged to the bank by Rhodey who claims that it's an absolute necessity to know how to bank. Apparently, online banking doesn't count. When Tony had told Rhodey that he absolutely knew how to bank and that he could do it in three easy steps from the comfort of his home, all Rhodey had done was sigh and pinch the bridge of his nose. And then he'd said something along the lines of "You've never set foot in a bank, have you?" and Tony didn't exactly know how he was going to deny it, so he settled for "Anyone who doesn't do online banking is a heathen".
"Good morning. I wasn't sure if you would be up yet. How did you sleep?" he asked, gauging Steve's expression.
Oh, wait. He couldn't do that face to face. He'll just have to get him a gift that says 'hey, I'm sorry for making a complete fool of myself and making you babysit me, but here, take this as a token of my apology'. So he'll send a fruit basket then, actually, he thinks he'd rather buy him something artsy. Steve liked that.
Steve was very glad that he decided to go down to his studio because as soon as he sat down, it was like he was struck with inspiration, something that rarely happened with an artist.
He supposed that the second clue was when he finally managed to get out of the shower and Tony was nowhere to be seen in the penthouse. When he'd asked JARVIS, all that the AI could tell him was that Tony was busy in the lab and would be out in time for supper.
All of his friends abandoned him. No wait, their excuses were that it's the holiday season, and "I'm sorry, Tony, but I haven't seen my family in ages. I promised them that I'll spend Christmas with them this year."
Tony laughs. "Yeah, but you're stuck with me. I promised the good doctor that I'll be here if you need me, remember?"
When Tony made no move towards Steve, Steve decided to take matters in his own hands and sighed, nearly climbing over the table in an attempt to get to Tony.
"Oh, Tony. Doll, I still love you. I haven't stopped. And I'm sorry for everything. I know it doesn't justify anything but I want to make it up to you. I think that we both need to work on our communication skills. Maybe I'll join you in your sessions," Steve said. Tony laughed softly.
He's more than halfway there. Something that he's happy about. Now, whenever he looks at Tony it doesn't hurt as much and he's not fighting back what feels like a permanent lump in his throat. Instead, it's a dull ache that forms in his chest.
Tony takes the elevator and rides up to the penthouse, planning on taking a quick shower to refresh himself and then grabbing some coffee. Maybe a breakfast muffin if he felt like it.
After, when the doors opened up to the floor where the boardroom was, it had hurt seeing Steve practically flee the elevator and he had to swallow against the lump in his throat.
Their conversation was interrupted when the waiter placed a silver dish before Tony. "Your dessert, Sir," the waiter said with a polite nod.
He feels his throat close up and his eyes prickle. Was this - Is this how Tony actually felt? So he wasn't the only one then; he wasn't the only one who was convinced that they were the reason that the other didn't reciprocate each other's feelings,Tony felt the same way too.
"Oh. I - I think I was at the bar. I was getting a bottle of water and there was someone sitting there. I can't remember. Steve, I can't remember. Why can't I remember?" Tony started breathing heavily, eyes looking wild and panicked.
He's surprised to see that the person down in the gym with him is none other that Tony. He looks much better now, all rested and wearing something that isn't a rumpled suit. His hair's still disheveled but that just makes him look more real.
" - and that's why I'm out here. I was about to look for you to ask if Steve would be allowed to see the baby. He's, well, he's doing a lot better than last night, but then again, he kinda did push out a fully formed human without even knowing of its existence in the first place, so there's that. So? What do you say, Doc? Is it okay for Steve to visit the baby?" he asked. He was rambling, but this was…
And yeah, sure, they ended things between him, but those things still stood; Tony would still do anything for Steve.
It took him an embarrassingly long time to figure out that many of Tony's past relationships (if you can even call them relationships) weren't very kind to him. His past lovers liked Tony, but not enough to listen to him go off on a tangent on whatever interested him at the time. They preferred when he was quiet and only spoke when spoken to, not when he spoke at speeds too fast to grasp.
The conversation that he had with JARVIS replayed in his mind, sparking his anger at Tiberius Stone once more.
however, is if Sam just accepted his offer at staying in the tower. That way he wouldn't have to travel back and forth between his house and the tower every week. Also, he would get the satisfaction of being able to say that he finally managed to get Sam to stay at the tower. But, seeing as this was almost a year-long argument with no signs of Sam's resolve weakening in sight, it just served as making everyone vaguely irritated that they couldn't get Sam to accept the invitation to stay in the apartment that was made for him.
And then he thinks of Tony who is warm and all-too trusting and vulnerable right now, Tony who is currently dosing on his feet, head leaning on his shoulder and using him as a crutch and he feels the familiar burn of anger flow through him once more.
"I want a divorce. Lies and slander right here, under my own roof.  JARVIS, did you hear that? Steve says that I'm not a delight," Tony complained loudly, holding a hand to his heart.
Then Tony tilted his head so that he could lay a kiss on his lips, humming happily when he reciprocated without hesitating.
Steve glares at him. "Wow, Tony. That's such a great thing to say," he says sarcastically and Tony grins, capturing his mouth in a kiss.
He'd bumped into Steve on the sidewalk a couple of months ago when he had told Pepper he was going to get a coffee from the coffee shop downstairs when in reality he was planning on skipping the board meeting and going for a walk until it was over instead.
“Tony, what happened?” he asks. He winces when he listens to the sound of his own voice, hating how it comes out sounding more than a little exasperated and disappointed.
"You actually like this person. Steve, is it?" she asks, a teasing lilt to her voice and he rolls his eyes.
After the whole civil war and accords, Tony was broken. Beyond broken in fact. His husband had left him for his best friend. The same best friend who had tried to kill Steve and the same best friend that had killed Tony's parents. Basically leaving him to Obadiah Stane, who had, in fact, hated him and hired the Ten Rings to kidnap and kill him. Tony's life was so messed up he didn't even know what to do. He had trust issues and suffered from PTSD. He had constant nightmares and was always trying to fix his mistakes, but the team still blamed him for everything.
He had a job to do, and until Tony was safely back at the tower and away from whoever had drugged his drink, he'd treat this as a mission.
"Sure, Tasha," he says and she grins, dragging him from the boardroom and to the elevator, which he's ninety percent sure is going to take them to the communal floor's kitchen.
If he had anything to say about the situation, and boy did he have a lot to say about it - and people would very well listen to what he had to say - then one certain CEO of Viastone would not get to see daylight again.
It's only when Tony clears his throat - for the second time - does Steve startle and look up to find the brunet watching him curiously.
"Good morning Tony," his therapist greeted warmly before pulling him into a hug. He was still getting used to the whole hugging thing but if he was honest with himself, he liked it. He missed having Steve hug him. And any hug, even if it was from his therapist, was welcome because it made him feel loved again, and not as if he was only there for the sole purpose of paying for things.
He nods, finding that he is okay, for now at least. So long as he didn't have to smell - or see - what Natasha was eating then he'd be fine.
"Of course she knows your voice. You might not have spoken directly to her, but she heard your voice. You carried her for nine - sorry,
"You! I'm talking about you! You're all quiet and just - do you even want to be here? I'm trying to see this from a logical point of view, but I can't. Why do you waste your time spending it with me of all things?" Tony asked, managing to sound exasperated and frustrated and insecure all at once.
"Right. Well, I've got a movie date with Clint. He's probably bored out of his mind right now. I'm not looking forward to seeing arrows buried in my wall because of boredom. Tell me what Doctor Banner says, and come up to my floor when you're ready. I've got info on Stone," she says.
He can practically see Natasha's raised eyebrows as he says those words, and yet, he doesn't feel the particular need to explain himself just yet.
In his hands is a book with a hard cover, with the words 'Baby's firsts' written on it and underneath a blank space where he assumes a picture of Morgan is meant to be placed.
"I thought so. You have no right to tell me what to do when you were the one who planned to do the same thing to me."
He never realized how good it was to laugh and let himself go after dealing with everything that happened last night. It felt like he'd been walking on eggshells the entire time, too afraid to say or do the wrong thing. Laughing was freeing, and he felt like a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
Steve knows that there are still boxes that need to be unpacked with clothes that needed to be folded and put into the correct drawers. It isn't a lot to do, but it would suffice in keeping his mind busy so that he couldn't torture himself into thinking up various scenarios of when the time came to pick Morgan up and bring her back home.
It's not a new feeling, rather an old one that he'd experienced once or twice after receiving the serum, but it was still one that didn't make him feel too great.
"Are you deliberately trying to injure yourself, Rogers?" Tony bites out, grabbing both of his hands in his and turning it this way and that, examining them closely.
“I didn’t want to bother you and it’s not exactly the first time I've sprained my ankle," Tony says.
And then he felt infinitely guilty for thinking about marrying Peggy, because he loved Tony. Tony who loved so fully, who held him whenever he had a bad day, who waited by his bedside whenever he injured himself on a mission, Tony who worked himself to the bone to ensure that the team had updated weapons and gear that would protect them on a mission.
"Steve! Where are you going? You have to stay with me!" he calls. Tony's hand is outstretched towards him and he has a determined look on his face.
He knows that the issue with his parents' death needs to be approached. He also knows that it can be put on hold until tomorrow, or the day after, until the Christmas celebration was over.
"Sweetheart," And wow, he never thought it was so easy to slip into what they were before, easier still to use the nicknames that he teasingly called Tony whenever Tony called him by his nicknames. "Hey, it's okay. I promise. Don't stress, we'll figure it all out one step at a time. Just take it slowly, alright?"
"Yes! Come Steve, I want to see Brucie-bear now." Tony rights himself, whatever tiredness that was marring his features suddenly gone and excitement lighting up his face. He tugs insistently on Steve's hand and is instantly frustrated when Steve doesn't budge when he tries to pull him.
The moment is over too soon and he's left watching as Steve walks away from him. He's partly disappointed that the blond - Steve is walking away, but that quickly vanishes when he catches sight of Steve's perfect ass. He doesn't feel too guilty and pays no mind to the little voice in his head that sounds like Pepper telling him to stop objectifying people.
And okay, maybe all of the things he's done in his life aren't miserable, but it sure feels that way when Steve can't even look him in the eye.
Other days he's sitting alone, drawing or reading and he'll suddenly be hit with the fact that he and Tony aren't together and he can't do anything but let the memories wash over his mind once more like a heavy blanket. Those days are far and few between, but when he does have them it's like there's a dark cloud above his head and nothing that usually makes him happy can help him shake the loneliness and sadness that he feels.
"How - What? You're Tony Stark and your idea of someone stalking you is funny? What if I really was stalking you? Huh?
sorry that I left you to freeze. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?" Steve apologized with a grin. He grabbed a bottle of water and hid a smile at how his comment made Tony's pout grow even further.
It's not much, just a towel and two bottles of water, but it's enough time for Tony to step into his space again.
"Shut up, those pick-up lines were literal gold. And they worked, didn't they? I have the hottest man on my arm. What more could I possibly want?" Tony said with a smirk.
That didn't mean, however, that he didn't see the look that Tony gave him when he thought he couldn't see.
“Tony,” he sighs, “Why didn’t you just say something? How long have you been hurt? And why didn’t you tell me?”
Bruce seems to see his inner turmoil and sends him a small smile. "Don't worry, Steve. I can still check. All I need is a sample of Tony's blood. Hopefully JARVIS will be able to help me pick up on whatever is lingering in his bloodstream. Thank God you called me when you did, because if Tony came home and we only picked it up tomorrow morning, it would be too late. We'd hardly be able to pick up on whatever's on his bloodstream," Bruce said.
Now that Rhodey's gone, he takes the chance to look Steve up and down appreciatively. Which, judging by the scowl Steve gives him, it's not being accepted.
He's so goddamn embarrassed by his actions from the night before that should he ever decide to leave the lab - which, thank you very much, was not going to happen in the next ten years, he'll send out the iron man suit and pilot it from the tower if there was a need for iron man out in the field - he's not sure how he's going to show his face.
"Do you think you'll be able to see what Tony's been drugged with?" he asks. He's oddly nervous, but it's Tony, so all rational thought seems to fly out the window when he's involved in anything.
When they do finally get to the room, it's like a wave of exhaustion settles over Steve, and he struggles to fight back a yawn, but to no avail, one slips out.
"Steve, Bruce and I were busy talking. Why did you cut the call? That's not nice, Stevie," Tony whined and he had to hold back a chuckle before he did anything stupid like laugh at how adorable Tony was behaving in this moment.
Bucky looked heavenward, closing his eyes and breathing in and out slowly, looking for all his worth as though he were a parent that was tired of dealing with their child.
But he remembers those blue eyes. How, at first, they shone with love, looked so innocent and hopeful, and at the end how they shone with tears and hurt.
So when she came to the tower and took the elevator right down to the gym where he had been wrapping his hands ready to start on a session of boxing, he was a little less than surprised.
Yes, their daughter was being held back because she couldn't breathe properly. Was it Steve's fault? No. This was out of his hands.
Steve's turned away from him, probably so that Tony couldn't see the inner turmoil that's shown so clearly on his face, but he's still too close to Tony for Tony
The sight of the wires that are connected to his daughter makes Steve even more scared to hold her closer than before, but holding her in his arms, against his skin is soothing. It feels natural, familiar.
And I that moment, all they could focus on was each other. When their lips met, Steve felt as though everything was finally coming together again, and all we forgiven.
His hair was all messed up from where he had pulled at it earlier and his face, which usually held a smile just for Tony, was closed off, sending a message that screamed 'unapproachable'.
At least she wasn't scolding him. Which was a massive step up from last night, if he remembered correctly.
"Breakfast? I'm starving and I know that you must at least be hungry considering how long you've been up. Besides, Doctor Mikhailov said that you needed to eat enough calories so that you can keep up your strength," Tony says.
So, ignoring Tony's complaints about not being carried, he hoists Tony up in his arms and leaves the lab.
"Are you going to stand there all night or are you going to watch with me?" Tony called out. Steve shook his head with a light, stepping out of the kitchen area and heading to the sofa where Tony cuddled up to him as soon as he sat down.
"Uh, yeah. Just, look, let's not pretend anymore. You have your job, the graphic design gig thing and I have the company to run. We don't have time to do this anymore. And to be honest, I don't think this -" he waves a hand in the air, gesturing to the coffee shop and to the two of them, "- this whole thing is going to work out.”
They finally reach the ballroom and make quick work of leaving, keeping their heads down and both of their hands at their sides. If anyone does happen to see them together at the gala, at least there won't be more rumours being spread about them, or their apparent romantic involvement with one another. After tonight, he doesn't think that Tony's ego would last if someone spread something like that. It was enough that he had called Steve.
If you counted the hour that they had been sitting in the common room, then it meant that the arguing had now reached its third hour, with no signs of stopping anytime soon.
By the time he's done sorting out Tony's ankle, their Chinese food is long cold and the movie with the rest of the team is more than halfway, but at least they got to spend the rest of the night in bed together as they ate supper and watched a movie on the big screen in their room.
"That's a great idea, Cap. Did you mean it when you said you were going to come back?" Tony asked hopefully. "Yes, sweetheart, I did. I mean it. I'm coming back. I promise," Steve said.
Bruce turns around and gathers all the equipment he'll be needing. Tony is now awake once more and is glaring daggers at Bruce, probably for waking him up.
It wasn't even that he cheated on Tony, because what he and Sharon had going on was nothing romantic and completely platonic, except Tony didn't know that. He just played it off as if he and Sharon were together. Not very well, though, since Tony standing in the lab shouting at him was all it took to get him to feel guilty. But Tony had to at least acknowledge the fact that what he was doing to him was wrong too. He was getting sick of them just sleeping together and then Tony telling him after that he and Pepper were just in a break. He was beginning to feel used. And, if you don't count his pride, it was really beginning to hurt him too, especially since he had started to develop feeling for the tower's resident genius.
"What. Did. You. Do. To. Tony" he grits out. He wasn't going to stand around and pretend to be interested in what this piece of scum had to say about Tony. He wasn't interested in his fabricated lies either.
That day she told him that he was the only person that Tony had ever properly introduced her to, disregarding the fact that he was an Avenger and she'd met him before, and had seen every piece of information museums and textbooks had on him. It was concerning that she had thought of their meeting like that, because while they had been introduced to one another, with Tony doing all the introducing, it had been nothing more than a simple meet and greet. Tony was just being polite - well, as polite as Tony Stark ever got - and she was honoured that Tony had done that.
rich. And you also know which spoons go with which dishes." Steve raised an eyebrow at the irony of Tony's words.
"Tony, the rest of the team are upstairs waiting for you. Clint wants to start the movie already and is threatening to eat your Chinese if you aren't upstairs in the next five minutes," he says, walking down the stairs leading into the lab.
Apparently, Tony had no qualms with his idea, seeing as he let himself be pulled along for the ride.
For what he didn't know, but he didn't have time to ask because she was already gone, heels clacking on the way out of the gym.
When Steve nods, he takes it as a sign to continue. "I should've told you that I loved you sooner. Admittedly, it wasn't as horrible to admit to myself as I once thought it was -"
He likes to think that she won't be too mad at him for calling her, and since they're closer since living together - she lets him call her Tasha, if anyone else does it she glared at them until they either fall over themselves trying to apologize to her or they back off - he likes to think that she knows him well enough by now to know that he'll tell her things when he's ready to tell her.
When Tony nods slowly, he struggles to contain the grin that threatens to break out across his face. It can't have been that easy, could it?
He thinks of Sharon who is sweet and kind. She's not his type, and he thinks that he put her in the 'friends' category. That's as far as he even got to admitting that he was head over heels in love with Tony, but he's too proud to admit it.
"Hi, Doctor Banner. I - yes. No, he's extremely out of it. His pupils are blown and he's clearly been drugged with something, suffering from gaps in his memory. It's - it looks bad, but maybe I'm just being paranoid. I was hoping you could take a look at him when we get back to the tower?"
"If you don't answer, she's going to end up pulling a Bucky. Either way, you're still going to end up facing Pepper," Steve said and Tony groaned, shoving his face into Steve's neck.
And then when it was time for supper and the takeaway boxes were all strewn about the coffee tables in the communal living room in front of the big screen and Tony still wasn't there, he went down to the lab to retrieve Tony.
Not that said blond was willing to accept his apologies. The blond scowled up at him, hitting his hands away when he tried to help pick up the items lying along the sidewalk.
He didn't want Steve to think that he was counting down the hours until he could leave. He promised he would stay, and he was a man of his word, despite what a couple of people who didn't know him all that well would say. Namely, the media.
It's when Tony's gotten into the car and he's shut the door behind the genius that he hears the sound of gravel being crushed underfoot that he realises that someone was standing nearby, watching them, probably having seen everything that had just happened.
He turns his head slightly, working his mouth in some semblance of what he hopes is a reassuring smile and directs it at Steve.
"You know, for someone who's spent this long in the modern world, you're still terrible at lying," Tony tells him. It comes out incredibly blunt, but his words are softened by the hand that Tony places on Steve's arm.
He hated it whenever he woke up and everything just seemed off. Wrong. Not wrong, that wasn't the proper word for it, just that something wasn't right in the world. It was concerning, and worrying because when he woke up, everything was fine, the room was just as they'd left it the night before. It was dark out still, not yet time for him to be up for his run with Sam, and Tony was still sound asleep next to him, seemingly unaware of his inner self-conflict.
Steve could only look at Tony, blue eyes scrutinising his every move. For once in his life, Tony was silent, mouth not working against the barrage of words that caused humiliation to burn through him, travelling through his entire body until he felt like he couldn't breathe. Guilt seemed to be like it was along for the ride as well because he could feel it tugging at his heart, begging for him to say anything, to apologize and tell Steve the honest truth.
He couldn't help the thrill of pleasure that went through him every time he saw Steve and the small changes his body went through as his pregnancy progressed. There was some carnal surge of possession and lust that flowed through him whenever he saw the tiny bump. Logically, he knew that it was something that he should stop thinking about and get over, but the caveman in him couldn't stop the thrill that he got whenever he touched Steve. Steve was his, and if the baby bump that he sported wasn't enough to show that he had staked a claim on the mouthy blond, then maybe the diamond ring he had in the back of his sock drawer would show the world exactly who Steve belonged to.
Steve gives a jerky nod of his head. "Yeah, I - It's just -," Steve gives up, voice thick with emotion, and Tony doesn't comment on it, instead giving him a small smile and squeezes his shoulder comfortingly.
He needs to leave the gala, and soon. Tony needs to be checked over and the right people need to be notified on Tony's status (he knows that Pepper won't be too happy with him if he doesn't alert her, and Rhodes would be extremely worried and concerned about what his best friend had to ordeal at an event that supposedly had the best security), and he just wants to get home to the Tower as soon as possible and leave behind the terrible events of tonight.
He practically ran for the door and didn't look back once, walking until he was at least a block away and leaned against a wall, sinking down to the floor.
The thought was sobering and he stopped laughing. Doctor Mikhailov must've sensed the shift in his mood because she looked at him in concern.
It's almost amusing to see when Tony startles, causing his hand to wave the holograms away before whirling around to face him. Almost.
He loved the way that Tony looked when his hair was like this; no product and silky-soft. He knew that Tony didn't like the way he looked without styling his hair, or even when wearing clothing that wasn't fancy, such as the lab clothes that he so often fell asleep in, but personally, privately, he loved this Tony.
Apparently, it's right on time because their daughter lets out a loud whimper, clenching and unclenching her tiny fingers. Her face screws up and Tony can pinpoint the exact moment that Steve begins to panic.
Everyone else who ever comforted him was only pretending. They never wanted to comfort him, they only ever wanted something from him.
"Uh, hi. Question. Were you here all night? Because if you were, that would be a serious problem," Tony says in lieu of greeting.
He crouches down next to Tony, who looks slightly stunned at seeing him still down in the lab and not upstairs defending his chinese food before going back to glaring Dum-E into submission. He takes a second to look at Tony’s oldest ‘bot and sees how its arm is slumped in regret.
Tony got up from their bed and moved to his walk-in closet, rummaging inside for a shirt that would match the suit pants that he wore. It was only as he was pulling the shirt on and buttoning up the buttons that he noticed Steve watching him.
To be fair, it was kind of confusing for the team to wake up and hear the sounds of their two leaders arguing. Not that the arguing was unusual. It wasn't, actually. Steve and Tony fought constantly.
But it doesn't mean that Steve regrets it. He's not happy about living in the penthouse again. It's a 'stuck between a rock and a hard place' kind of situation and he's willing to try and soldier through it for Morgan. Morgan was his little miracle baby and he would do anything for her, even if he's uncomfortable with being in Tony's space once more.
He's just stepping out of the elevator when he sees Natasha waiting for him. Apparently, she had been waiting for him for a while; there was a novel lying on the seat next to her, and he could see the flashes coming from the big screen light up the dimly lit room.
"We're more than capable of stealing a couple of weapons, Tony. We've done harder things than that. If you were so worried about us not being able to go on the mission then why don't you send Barnes?" she asks.
Steve is quiet, eyes looking out at the passers-by and not at all listening to whatever Tony is saying.
"We're going to go to Bruce, okay? And he'll help you feel better. And then you can sleep for as much as you like after. But we need to get out of here so that I can get you to Bruce. I'm going to unlock the door, okay?" he said, walking backwards slowly so as not to startle Tony.
"Why didn't you say anything sooner?" he asked and Steve groaned, shoving his head into Tony's chest.
Tony reached down to the end of the bed and fumbled around in his Kinky Sex With Steve bag.  He pulled a wet wipe out of the container and, congratulating himself on his foresight, wiped his come from Steve’s skin before it could dry into an uncomfortable mess.  Then he wiped the lube from Steve’s ass and gently cleaned his rim. Tony wiped his own fingers clean, tossed the towelette aside, and shimmied up the bed.
Fury continued:  "But we also need someone who can . . . observe . . . the Stark Court.  Discreetly.  And keep us informed."
“Are you kidding?” Tony asked, waving his nearly empty wine-glass.  “Do you really think Mrs. Rhodes would let us get away with—“
What he wouldn't do for a goddamn drink right now. But he promised himself and he promised Steve that he wouldn't. It was better for the team if he wasn't drinking.
It wasn't a good feeling, feeling the way he was, but knowing that Tony was willing to be there with him every step along the way, it made him believe that he could take on the world once more.
It's not the best answer, but it's a step up from having Steve cry. At least he's calm and has stopped saying things that weren't true. Things like 'this is my fault'. If Steve said that one more time… Well, Tony was really close to losing it himself, actually. Because how could Steve even blame himself for something like this? He didn't hurt their daughter. Sometimes babies are simply born and they can't breathe properly. It's normal.
Steve didn't really feel like answering the call, but he knew that it was inevitable. He knew that their friends were waiting on the news seeing as he'd told them of his plans to propose. But all he really wanted was to spend the rest of the evening with Tony in silence. And whenever their friends called it was always so loud and everyone was speaking over one another.
She apparently had no thoughts of returning to Tony and was understandably frustrated with Tony, considering the fact that he had done the things he did, but she was also surprisingly kind towards Steve. What she had told him left him reeling. It was food for thought. And think he did.
"You were asleep. And I wanted a bit of silence," Steve settles on saying. There's a lot missing from the sentence, such as
Nurse Hannah leaves them to it, giving Tony a respectful nod and goes back to doing whatever it was that she was doing before.
He looked Steve in the eyes, glad that the fear he saw there earlier had disappeared and in its place was one of lust.
that says she knew exactly what he planned to do and using the bathroom was not on his agenda, so he sighed and gave her his phone) that he noticed Steve.
At least he managed to phone Bruce and get him to prepare the medbay for when he and Tony arrived back at the tower. Over the phone Bruce had sounded calm - he purposely ignores the thought that he might have disturbed the scientist from his daily yoga session and angered him - but he could sense the distinct note of worry in his tone, and was quick to placate the man, lest he turns into his mean green alter ego. After all, Tony wasn't as bad as he had seemed earlier when he first got to the man, and seemed happier and less panicked at the moment, although at the rate Tony's behaviour had changed from one state to the next, he wasn't banking on the fact that Tony would stay in the joyful mood he was in, no matter how much he wanted Tony to.
"Tony? Are you okay? How are you feeling?" Bruce asks. He's cleaning his glasses using the bottom of his lab coat, eyes checking over Tony.
"I have those days, too. I wake up and Clint always likes to tease me that I woke up on the wrong side of the bed, but I know better now that I spoke to a shrink. We all have our bad days. Looks like you had a couple of bad days while I was away. I'm sorry I wasn't there to help you through them, darling, but I'm here now and it's okay. You're allowed to have bad days," Tony said.
He remembers it like it was yesterday, and he hates that what he remembers the most clearly of all from that night is the hurt that shone in Steve's beautiful blue eyes. And yes, those eyes of his were amazing to look at, were even more amazing when he decided to grace you with his attention. They were so expressive.
When he finally gets back to the office, coffee in hand and a self-satisfied smile on his face, the meeting is over and Pepper is waiting for him in his office, standing with her arms crossed and a glare on her face when he walks in. The yelling starts as soon as he puts one step in the office and he winces, having fully expected the chewing out that he was going to get from Pepper. So he settles in his leather office chair and sips on his coffee as Pepper yells, hiding a smile behind the cup. Not even Pepper's yelling can make him annoyed. All he can think about is Steve.
He grins at the boldness of the blond. And then frowns. Just a tiny bit good looking? Excuse you, Steve, Tony was the
I was hoping to save this update for a rainy day, when I feel that it would be a good day to update or I haven't updated in awhile, but I've been a pretty good mood all week and this weekend, so here we are.
When he was done eating he took his plate to the back and cleaned up and then walked back out to where the others were sitting and made some excuse about wanting to get some reading in before he went to bed.
Tony thought about it for a minute before nodding. He grabbed the pen and started writing on the given piece of paper. After a minute he was done and sat back with a satisfied smile. His therapist stared at him in shock. Surely he couldn't be writing down all his thoughts and feelings so quickly? Her other patients usually took half an hour to write down one or two feelings or thoughts, but then again, Tony Stark was a special type of patient. He never ceased to amaze her. Or to amuse her. He was the wild card.
"Do you really believe that? I still hurt our daughter, Tony. And she's here because I was reckless and I didn't even take care of her. A parent is supposed to look after their child, aren't they? And now she's here. Because of me. Because I didn't think and I went on that mission," Steve whispered, breaking away from the intense gaze he'd shared with Tony.
He stays silent, opting instead to glance down at Tony who is now properly asleep on his shoulder. He'd find it funny if the circumstances were different, but as they weren't, and he wasn't in the best of moods, he was feeling extremely annoyed and angry. He shifts his arm slightly, gripping Tony tighter to his side and tries to wake him up.
Eventually, Pepper sees that she hasn't gotten a single word through to him and she rolls her eyes and throws her hands up in exasperation, leaving his office and grumbling something about his frustrating antics and how one day he was going to drive her to quit.
He's definitely not pouting as Rhodey drags him to the bank and he's definitely not groaning at the injustice of it all. He and Rhodey were supposed to spend the day together, maybe go out and get some food and then go back to the tower and binge watch some of their favorite movies. Instead, they were going to the bank. On a Saturday!
He also wasn't aware of the fact that Natasha was a fan of breakfast foods for dinner. Not that he was willing to bring it up, of course, he valued his life.
"Okay, okay, I get it. Now eat up, or else your waffles will get cold," Steve gestured to Tony's plate of food with his fork.
It's because he's looking at the table while deep in thought that he doesn't hear the rest of the conversation and when he finally realizes that the briefing is over, both Sam and Natasha are having their own conversation, talking about the cookies that Sam's mom had baked so that he'd have something to contribute to the team dinner they had the other night.
The only way he could get Tony out of the bathroom was if he carried him out. But that would garner all types of negative attention. Also, he didn't think that Tony would make his job very easy. But then again, it was never easy with Tony Stark.
And when he goes quiet at a lull in conversation, they're quick to say something that grabs his attention.
Tony puts a finger under his chin and forces Steve to look at him. When he kisses Steve, it feels like everything is right again. Steve's lips are soft against his, their mouths slotting together perfectly like they belonged together.
"Cheeky. Just you see, Fri, keep it up and I will take you apart and send you to a community college. Preferably some government college, and not the private ones. See how much you like that," he mock-threatened.
They're into their sixth month of dating (two days until their seventh anniversary) when Steve gets sick.
The word “caro” or “cara” is one of the most common terms of endearment. It means “dear,” and you’ll hear it paired with other words – “caro amico,” for instance, or even “caro mio” for “my dear” – or used all by itself. Incidentally, the word “caro” also means “expensive,” in the same sense that in old-fashioned English we might say something that is too costly is “too dear.”
"I'm not stalking you. I just happen to bump into you all the time. And to be honest, I'm not as upset about the part where you might be stalking me because you are most certainly one of the hottest stalkers I have ever seen."
"You know what, maybe if you weren't such a goddamn ass then you'll find that people really do care about you! But no, you push them away and then question someone when they try to help you despite your shitty attitude. Build a bridge and get over it, Tony. I came to come get you because it was the right thing to do," he spits out.
There was silence on the line. "Steve? You're mad, aren't you?" Tony asked sounding uncertain. "What? No, I'm not mad. I'm really proud of you," Steve said. He sounded happy. "You are?" Tony asked. "I'm really proud of you, sweetheart. Is it helping?" he asked.
Why would Steve comfort him over this? He knows that this topic is also something that isn't exactly easy for Steve to talk to him about.
He blinks, stepping back and holds up his hands and he can feel a bright hot flush spread through his body.
Steve had barely had any chance to be annoyed at the showboating Tony had done for the team before Tony had completely left the tower. And by then it was too late to show his frustration and annoyance because the rest of the team had dispersed, and the only one who usually listened to his ranting about how annoying Tony was was Natasha, and she had left a few minutes after Tony had left the building to go back to her room, claiming to take a soak in her bath.
“Tony?” Steve said, “Sorry. Uh, I think you need to explain this one to me. ‘Cause, gosh! Now I’m really confused. Before--”
The stops and starts were glorious and maddening all at once; Tony wanted him to lose control, to use Tony for his pleasure and let go. (Soon. Next time?)
And less and less with anyone else either.  It was getting harder and harder to walk away from a night of casual fun with a random Dom knowing that while he thought “NSA pleasure for two” the Dom was often thinking, “I sure gave that bitch whore a seeing to.”  He’d been militantly indifferent to what his hook-ups thought of him in the past, but it was getting harder to shrug off.  Harder to feel like they hadn’t
“Yeah. I’ll call him.” The line was silent for a moment, then Rhodey said, “Yeah, actually, I’d better call him now.”
“Of course I did! You don’t actually think I’d let somebody else—some lesser engineer!—work on your bike do you?”
“You’re right,” Steve said with a smile. “I don’t want a fancy watch. Or diamond cufflinks. Uh, JARVIS? Could we get rid of all these?” The screens vanished. “Thanks.” Steve looked relieved, then added with a frown, “Though I
outstanding,” Carmichael piped up, then gave a glittering, practiced smile, “but my work is a little more specialized.” She turned to the room as a whole. “I specialize in military-civilian relations and have done some preliminary impact studies for the Avengers Initiative. With your permission, Director, shall we begin?”
Steve handed over a wooden Starship Enterprise. Tony grinned. “I am definitely hanging this one myself.”
"Yes," Steve whispered brokenly. Tony blinked, looking shocked and uncertain for a split second. (Fuck.)
Tony took a sip of coffee and lathered his loofa.  The hot water felt good pelting against his back and aching shoulders.
Steve flipped a pancake.  He let his thoughts wander.  He’d finally finished with the spreadsheet!  (At least for now.)  It had been a more herculean task than he’d supposed at first glance.  (People did strange—and sometimes *disgusting*-- things with one another apparently.  Being tied up seemed positively pedestrian by comparison!)  Steve knew he hadn’t quite figured things out, but he’d done his best with it.  He’d even given it to Tony.  (Finally!)  And since then he hadn’t heard a thing about it.  (Idiot—he’s busy.  There’s a crisis.  Of course he doesn’t have time to let
Great, so not only was Tony high and feeling sick but he was also experiencing hallucinations where Ty was coming after him and in the room with him.
Back in their apartment, Steve let the sounds of their friends' chatter wash over him as he indulged in the feeling of Tony's body heat seeping into his, happy and grateful to be surrounded by the one he loves.
and experienced feelings like a normal human being. For him, it was easier if he suppressed them and ignored their existence. It was mainly due to past experiences - ones he wasn't prepared to delve into - but something about the way Doctor Mikhailov looked at him, as if he wasn't 'Mr. Anthony Edward Stark: CEO of Fortune 500 company, Stark Industries' but rather plain, old Tony Stark. Just a guy who messed around with cars in his free time and preferred talking to his 'bots than to people. A regular guy with problems like everyone else.
Steve didn't even have a chance to hit the sack after the mission and was in labor for most of the day, it's understandable that he'd be asleep for some time still.
Tony's ankle was extremely swollen, and although he might not be a medical doctor or have the same amount of medical experience as Bruce, he could at least tell that it was a grade three sprain from his time spent in the army.
He's more than ready to continue to ignore the situation, which in his head equalled to not bumping into Tony to avoid the tension. And then, he didn't even get a chance to put his plan (read: lack thereof) into action because Tony blew it all to hell in a single evening without even meaning to.
He suspected she had left because she was secretly tired of listening to him and his long list of complaints about Tony.
He's pretty sure that the super-soldier would wake soon, and he wanted to be there so that Steve wouldn't immediately think the worst; that he wasn't interested in their daughter or that he simply didn't care enough to stay.
Tony made a noise of sympathy. "That's normal, though. You'll be sore for a bit, but hopefully, the serum will kick in soon and you'll be back to normal in no time."
Steve doesn't watch for long, and as he watches Steve, Tony can see the way the blond bites his lip and turns away before walking to the wheelchair and sitting down.
"Dinner? Where are we going? And on such short notice all the restaurants will be booked seeing as everyone seems to have the same idea for Valentine's Day. We won't get a booking anywhere," Tony pointed out.
"Shut up, I'm trying to make a point here. The thing is that I love you. A lot. And it used to scare me before, but now it doesn't."
But Steve doesn't let the doctor's orders slow him down. Usually, he'd protest against something like that, saying that he was fine and that he could walk and that they should save the wheelchair for someone who really needed it. And for Tony, witnessing Steve give in so easily, it's a testimony for how much Steve must still be in pain.
A week goes by until he sees Steve again, but by then whatever friendly relationship they'd built together had been shifted. It wasn't obvious, not at first, but after talking for an hour and receiving nothing but short answers from Steve, he shuts his mouth and watches Steve instead.
"Congratulations, punk! And good luck to you, Stark. Wouldn't wanna be saddled with that idiot for the rest of my life but you do you," Bucky said, grinning madly. Sam rolled his eyes.
"Let me ask you again. How much have you slept since I was gone, Steve? And don't change the subject this time."
So the fact that the blend had been brewed by FRIDAY, and was just sitting innocently on the countertop showed that someone - Tony has a feeling that one of the kitchen staff members had placed it out in the open for ease of access, since they pretty much knew his antics by now - had left it out.
The taste brings back memories of evenings spent in the kitchen, back when they were dating and they would settle anywhere so long as the other was next to them or in the near vicinity.
Which is why he's so hesitant to meet up with the rest of the team. He doesn't want to face questions on whether or not he and Tony are going to parent her together, or even worse, questions on whether or not he was okay with all of this.
"Are you sure you don't want to sleep either? I know you couldn't have slept enough last night," Steve asks, sounding concerned.
Apparently, Steve's not one of those people that fall for his wit and charms that easily and refuses to get with the program because his scowl deepens and he crosses his arms.
The sip of coffee he had taken goes down the wrong pie and he chokes, spilling the rest of the coffee down his front.
The footage plays and throughout the recordings, all he can think about is how stupid he had been last night.
But that was when they were still on good terms and he didn't want to do (or say) anything when Tony couldn't defend himself in the state that he was in.
"I apologize, Sir, but I cannot do that. My main priority is to look out for you and I believe that it is in your best interest if you and the good Captain talk to one another."
He picked up a leather-bound book and handed it to the blond, interest piqued when he noticed a piece of paper with a charcoal drawing sticking out of it. The blond snatched it from him, giving him a snarky
Steve blinks. Hearing Tony talk - and from his rough voice, it was obvious that the genius had just woken up. And really, now was not the time to notice such things - felt strange; he had been working in the silence for quite some time, and adjusting to noise once more was taking him a while.
Steve stepped away from the door and held his hands up in surrender, inching his way slowly towards Tony.
"You can sleep as soon as you tell me what happened, Tony," he said, opting to use his name instead of surname. He didn't want to try and distance himself when Tony was like this.
It's only when Pepper grabs the cheque (and he grabs it from her to take one of the coffee-flavored sweets inside) that one of the waiters touches his forearm, gesturing towards the cheque book and winking at Pepper does he open it. Inside is a hastily scribbled note.
And then Tony turns to look at him, a smile quirking up at the corners of his mouth, and Steve finds himself having to swallow several times because honestly, he could handle any one of Tony's moods; he could stand Tony when he was angry and when he was irritated, or when he was too tired to function like a regular human being, even when he was wearing his public persona and was purposefully being difficult.
Two hours later, and more than three-quarters of his book done, his eyes were beginning to blur and slip shut by themselves.
What feels like an hour later, the sound of someone keying in the code to the lab enters his mind, but he doesn't pay any attention to it, eyes only slightly blurry as he flicks through FRIDAY's corrections of his blueprints. He only startles when he feels someone's hands sliding around his waist.
The arguing started at two in the morning. Granted, no one else on the team had heard anything yet, but when they asked JARVIS what time it
Okay, so she was a little like Pepper. Not amused by his jokes, or his charming attitude. He could work with that. Sort've.
"Here," he handed Steve his phone, "Just give me your number. In case I need to call you or something."
Tony shrugs the questions off again and doesn’t answer him, just turns back to his floating holograms.
For two weeks Tony had been seeing a therapist and he had to say, he was proud of himself for actually being able to sit down and break down the walls he's built over the years and talk about his feelings and problems. And it'd actually helped him. He was slowly starting to feel better about himself. However, the one thing that he was having trouble letting go of was how Steve had just left him.
Thankfully, the sidewalk was basically empty, as it was later in the morning and all, otherwise, he was sure that the blond's belongings would've been kicked all over the place. Now whatever people were milling about the sidewalk just gave them a wide berth, going along their own business. Which is what he preferred, really, not wanting his face to be splashed on page six in the local newspapers for simply knocking someone to the ground. Not that they'd use that reason, of course, they'd claim he was doing something else, picking up someone to spend the night with him, perhaps.
An hour later and well into a painting of the entire team post-mission, Steve had gotten the phone call from Tony. Tony who was hiding in a bathroom and clearly inebriated.
His heart skips a beat and he struggled to keep his face straight, not wanting to  showi Tony how much those words really affect him.
He's still standing awkwardly in the room, and Steve motions towards the chair that Tony's occupied from the beginning of Steve's stay on the medical floor.
The trip back to Steve's room is filled with meaningless talk, but it comforts both of them and takes their mind off of their daughter.
Rhodey wasn't even trying to hide the fact that he had been eavesdropping, grinning knowingly at Tony. He punched him on the arm and Tony struggled to contain the smile that was tugging at his mouth.
!’ just like Anna used to; I tried to knock him out, but it was hard to know how much force was too little to keep a man down, and how much was too much and I didn’t mean to if I could help it, but sometimes I’d hear a neck snap or skull crack and the wet sound of--”
There was work to be done, of course—finishing the security blanket, analyzing the new portal data, refining their combat training—but as he shook off the last jolts of anxious adrenaline from their mission and let its success really sink in, Tony felt a bone-deep contentment to be in the Tower, with his team, and Steve’s arm around his shoulders.
an accident.” He shrugged. “They let me take tests and do paperwork by hand after that. At least for a while.”
cooperating, we need to think ahead about ways to minimize the damage and neutralize him.  Without civilian casualties.”
Also, there is now a flashback story about Steve's Presentation Day, told from Bucky's POV.  You can read it, here:  http://archiveofourown.org/works/4474262
Steve sat down on the couch with his back against a mountain of cushions so he was sitting far forward, leaving lots of room for Tony to lean against his legs.
, I—” His words turned to an incomprehensible gasping, muffled against Tony’s throat, as Steve came slick and hot across Tony’s belly.
“Hey, Cap, sorry!” Tony said. “Rhodey was gushing about his new lady love and it’s rare to hear him like that, you know, so I hated to shut him down and besides I’m sort of his confidante on that sort of thing. Sorry I was slow.”
“We were expecting this,” Tony said with a shrug. The PR team nodded in unison. In the kitchen, the team finished serving themselves.
The red of Katie’s lipstick matched the red of Michael’s tie; Tony wondered if that was deliberate. (The Katie-Michael team sometimes reminded Tony of the Pepper-Tony team; it made him happy every time he needed help with PR which, let’s face it, was pretty much all the time.)
Tony stared at him, waiting.  He wasn’t really going to leave it at that, was he? Rogers just continued looking at him, frowning very slightly in what could have been confusion or irritation.
“I’m sorry for my behavior earlier, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said awkwardly.  “When I asked you to dinner, I thought you were single.  I didn’t know you were Ms. Pott’s sub.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I have such high hopes for the Thanksgiving chapter, but it's proving particularly hard to write.  Add in that the next six weeks are going to be some of the busiest, most important, and most stressful in my career, and I'm feeling a little low, anxious, and very busy.  So, uh, any extra cheer-leading you want to send my way, here or on tumblr, would be extra extra appreciated.  (And please don't worry--this story won't be abandoned.  I have the bulk of it plotted and a good bit drafted already...)
The morning press had contained no mention of Rogers’ Knight in Shining Armor act at the gala, not even a hint. Coverage of the fundraiser had been extremely positive.  The Avengers clearly hadn’t lost their shine and they were still riding their understandably high PR wave after saving New York City—and possibly the country and the world—from aliens.  Apart from a few predictable remarks about “Mr. Stark’s controversial appointment” the coverage had been unambiguously positive, and Tony wasn’t above basking a little in descriptions of his exquisite appearance and a politely censored list of his most famous achievements.  No proper news outlet had even lowered itself to mentioning the 2005 fundraiser, which considering he’d been attending a fundraiser made it frankly low-hanging fruit.  (The blogosphere wasn’t so polite, but that was no surprise and nothing new.)
Steve put his left hand across Tony's forehead to keep any stray drops from Tony's face as he carefully, so carefully, wet Tony's hair. Little by little, Tony relaxed again as, true to his word, Steve didn't let Tony's face get wet. Steve massaged Tony's scalp with his fingertips, working the shampoo to a foamy lather. Tony let out a loud groan. He sighed and went limp. Steve smiled. Steve tipped Tony's head back again, and carefully, carefully rinsed Tony's hair, making sure he'd gotten all the soap out of it, caressing the silky strands.
“The Captain’s a good man, but he’s not perfect,” Natasha said.  Tony blinked and went still.  “And you’re a good man too.”  Tony thought his jaw might have dropped if he hadn’t been frozen stiff with shock.
Steve looked at him quizzically and opened his mouth, then shut it. Tony grabbed a knife and started cutting up the melon.
“If they can’t, then all the calculations on this device are off and it won’t matter anyway,” Tony answered. The suit was climbing fast, everything in Central Park shrinking below him.  “I’ll take it through, make adjustments, and close the portal.”
Steve let out a mirthless laugh. “Oh really? I suppose that’s why you made dozens of portal devices. And upgraded everyone’s armor.” He shook his head. “
When at last Steve opened his eyes, he found Tony turned towards him, studying his face intently. Like he was a puzzle to be solved.
“I trust you’ve all had time to read the media analysis and strategy reports we sent around?” Katie said.
“Yeah, so, Steve and I are together now.  For the past, I dunno, almost two weeks.”  Tony took a sip of wine, trying to savor it.  He breathed out slowly but, nope, couldn’t let it go.   “Why Bruce?”
about it that he pushed and pecked until he ended up yelling, but Pepper (God bless her!) yelled back because he wasn’t fucking fragile.
Maybe he’d wear the thick half-vest he’d designed to cover it after Afghanistan? The one he’d worn when he wanted to hook up with some random Dom for a night, eager for some pleasure, some distraction from the memories of the cave and the-- (No!) Even as the possibility occurred to him, Tony recoiled from it. (No. Not with Steve.)
Pepper leaned forward to give him one of those awkward upper-body hugs.  She drew away quickly and paused.  “Tony?”  she asked softly.  Oh.  That wasn’t her car after all.
Highly rated Michelin restaurants were know for their clientele—the chances of an optimistic paparazzo getting a shot of them on the way in was high. Their fellow diners probably wouldn’t bat an eyelash at their illustrious co-patrons, but ‘probably’ was still leaving things to chance.
Tony poured himself coffee and settled at the counter. Damn, the coffee was strong. Steve must have made it—he heaped coffee into that pot like a man who remembered coffee rationing. Tony took another long gulp.
As they kissed, Steve ran his hands across Tony’s shoulders, then down his arms and up again. Steve stroked Tony’s collarbone with his thumbs. Large warm hands skimmed Tony’s chest, his abs, his hips, then up again to his shoulders. The light touches made Tony shiver; Steve’s kiss grew more ardent in response.
Shit. Yeah, that was pretty embarrassing. It was one thing for Rhodey to do it—he’d been looking after Tony’s drunken ass since he was too young to drink, so it was practically tradition—but Steve . . .
Tony felt too warm, heart beating a little too fast--unsure what to say.  Eventually, after a few long moments, he gathered himself enough to ask: “Did you request that?”
“Um, well, first I was trying to tell you that I’m gay, then that Tony and I are together, but I seem to do everything out of order.”
“Huh? Oh.  Sorry.  I was staring, huh?”  Steve looked just a little embarrassed, but wholly unapologetic.  “I was just thinking, this is nice.  Really nice.”  Then he clarified, “Being on a date with you.”
Steve clenched his fists and his eyes darted around the room, up to the ceiling as if he could catch JARVIS in the act.
“Look, I don’t know what you’ve read about me,” Tony said.  (A lie, of course, but he doesn’t know I hacked his browser history…) “But I don’t have a sterling reputation.  Sure, I’m a billionaire, genius, engineer, philanthropist submissive.  But I’m also a brat and a slut.  The really
“Tony?” Steve whispered, looking up at him with wide blue eyes.  His lips were slick with spit and pre-come.  “Say my name.”
JARVIS put Rogers’ notes on the wall.  The Captain still wasn’t typing—his chart was hand-drawn and handwritten with small, meticulous print.
Steve looked down, expression a little surprised, and nodded. The lingering tension in his shoulders started draining away.
For an author’s note on the inspiration for this chapter (including an adorable Chris Evans story, Sikh Captain America, et al) maybe check out my tumblr, here: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/ms-meredith-milton/  Come on over and say hi!  :-)
Rhodey snorted. “A: every year is a new year with new variables; someday you might change your mind. B: Einstein didn’t actually say that. It’s a famous misattribution.”
.”  Steve’s voice went rough.  “And I love you more than I ever could have imagined.  Love you more than I could have loved the mere idea of you.”
Tony led Steve to his battered leather couch, stretched out across it and pulled Steve down into his arms.  As he stroked Steve’s back, Tony thought he felt a little tremor run through him.
uncool—Steve let out a shuddering breath and seemed to melt down onto the couch. Ever so gently--(as if afraid he might break?)--Steve let his arm come down around him. Tony curled closer, bringing his knees up onto the couch. He leaned his head against Steve’s chest and could hear his heart beating wildly.
JARVIS had called security and the fucker'd been restrained within minutes, looking ridiculous in handcuffs with his dick hanging out of his trousers.  (Yeah, and thank God-- no, thank
“So, uh.  More research, huh?” Steve said with the beginnings of a blush.  Tony stared. (Oh fuck, I love that.  I want to fuck you over and over and cover you in my come then see if you’ll still blush so easily.)
Rogers was still talking—something thanks, breakfast, coffee something something—but Tony wasn’t really listening and it must have showed because Rogers frowned and asked, with a hint of concern, “Mr. Stark?”
“Lord,” Mrs. Rhodes said, head still bowed and hands folded. Tony put his fork back down. “I’d like to give thanks here for family and for friends and for the bounty at this table. Thanks too for the bravery of all the men and women who risk their lives to protect this country. We give thanks for the good things we have as we continue to strive for prosperity, peace, and justice for the world. Bless and keep us all. Amen.”
“I love you too, babe,” Tony said, not looking reassured. “I—” Tony hesitated, “Do you need anything? I could—”
Johnson flushed with anger, but had more class than to make a scene—or more of a scene. He nodded to Steve, bowed to Tony, and left the dance floor with a practiced indifference.
Steve swallowed thickly. “Bucky was working two jobs after school, so I wasn’t seeing him much then. I left a note for him at Magdalene House, just saying that I’d presented and my party was on Sunday at eight. I wanted to see his expression when he found out.” Steve sighed.
“My armor can body con in less than a minute, right over my clothes,” Tony said, not bothering to conceal his smugness.  “You guys actually need time to put on the kevlar and whatnot.  Besides, I’m working on something that will let me summon the suit any time, anywhere.  So we should probably run a few tests for catch-and-carry without the harnesses.”
“Nothing that unexpected.” Pepper snorted. “Did you know I’m not getting any younger? And, I’ll never find a man and have kids unless I accept that men want a sweet subby girl in public even if they’re Switches.”
Steve let out a frustrated grunt and drew back to suck the head again, moving it shallowly in and out of his mouth. Sure he was disappointed, but it was still progress. Tony’d approve.
It appeared to be a pizzeria pub.  Just a little hole-in-the-wall joint in Brooklyn with exposed brick, dim lighting, and very little seating.  A neon speakeasy sign winked at Tony through the window as Steve held the door for him.  Behind the oak-paneled bar, a striking, bearded man covered in tattoos was pulling a pint of ale.  He nodded at Steve and waved to the only empty table in the little place—the one set apart from all the others, wedged into the corner next to the bar.  There was a note written on scrap paper in block letters: “For Steve, 7:45.”  Tony glanced back at the handwritten sign on the bar—yep, ‘no reservations.’  (Ha!  I’m not the only one who gets special treatment at restaurants!)
Tony held out his hands expectantly, looking at the restraints, and Steve placed his wrists in Tony’s open hands.  Tony kissed his palms quickly, one then the other, and pushed Steve’s wrists up to the headboard.
Tony fidgeted, glancing back at his work.  “I’ve got a lot left to do.  It’s going to be a really late night and I’m . . .” He hesitated.  “Steve, I’m kind of . . .” (not in the mood)  “—
“Katie!” She fell silent. “We’ve been over this before. I don’t want some media circus at the Safehouse.”
Tony turned to look at him, eyebrows raised, expression surprised and curious, but nervous too.  (This
Tony startled. “Excuse me? SHIELD strong armed him in recruitment and now you’re implying you want to drop him for PR?”
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so he reached out to pinch off a piece of the piecrust and popped it into his mouth. (Mmm. Buttery.) Mrs. Rhodes scowled.
“That’s good! Stop,” Tony told the elevator suddenly.  “Here’s fine.”  He hit the button just to be sure.
“I seriously doubt it,” Tony repeated, more emphatically, then added unthinking, “And anyway, he’s hardly my type.”
“Oh.” (Huh.) Must have been on the phone with Rhodey longer than it seemed . . . And planning that date took
Tony’d never realized there were so many little ways he could touch someone over breakfast: and hand on Steve’s arm, asking him to pass the salt; his knee against Steve’s under the table; a hand running down Steve’s back as he got up for more coffee. He couldn’t seem to stop smiling.
“I made a frittata,” Steve said, ignoring their bickering. “But first, there’s something I—we—want to tell you.”
Veronica glanced out at the dance floor where high society twirled by in an elegant waltz. She raised one eyebrow and then bowed to him with an ironic little smirk, and asked by formula: “Mr. Stark, may I have the honor of leading you across the dance floor?”
Fucking Howard. Tony took a sip of scotch. Fucking Howard and his fucking obsession. His old man said he knew everything there was to know about Captain America, but Tony was starting to think he hadn’t known Steve Rogers at all.
I truly TRULY could not have written over 200K and stuck with this story for over 4 years without your mad, loving supportive generosity.  YAY! And THANK YOU!
“Well, it’s a pleasure to have an old friend of theirs here,” she said.  “I’m so happy to meet you.”
“You’ve improved,” Clint said, grabbing a towel. “You’ve got the Duke hold under control. A little more strength training would be good though. Might help you throw me after a Gibson.”
“I didn’t realize they’d been sending you down to the labs,” Tony said, hoping it would be enough of a prompt.
Thank you so much for the comments and kindness.  As always, it's great hearing from you.  If you have a favorite bit, do please let me know!  It really helps inspire me and has, in some cases, helped shape the trajectory of the story.
Thank you all so very much for your kind words on chapter 4!  And thanks once more to Rex Luscus for the awesome post-it notes!
Rogers nodded almost eagerly then, and asked Tony what he thought the best approach would be.  Tony flipped the faceplate down, beckoned Rogers closer, and showed him how he needed three limbs to steer properly.  It took a little bit of brainstorming, but they eventually decided the best way to fly from a standstill would be for Cap to sling his arm over Tony’s shoulders and stand on one of Tony’s boots while Tony held his waist.
As the pleasurable memories washed over him, Tony’s cock began to stir. He bit his lip, then turned the water colder.
“Just really wish she were here, you know?” Rhodey said, gazing into his scotch. “You’d like her, Tones. She’s super fucking tough. You know, people think the Humanities are all sub-friendly and shit, but not History. That shit is still fucking Dominated, and twice as bad in military history. She’s up for tenure soon and they still ask Miranda to do the catering!”
Sadly, Pepper went back to California, but they’d gone out clubbing to celebrate first.  About twenty people had propositioned Tony in the club—many who hadn’t recognized him, which was nice—but he’d just danced and drunk with Pepper and she brushed the annoying ones away like flies. Tony flirted, Pepper laughed, and Happy’d smiled as he poured them into the limo singing and giggling.  Fuck Jacob Lang!  Lang Inc. was Stark Industries now, baby!
“Right,” Tony said, feeling judged and for once not able to disagree.  Some ridiculous part of Tony’s mind wanted to make excuses—
“I just--” Steve fumbled again.  “I’d hate to think that you did it because of earlier.” An awkward pause.  “Because of how I reacted to Ms. Potts,” Steve clarified. “If you felt forced to--”
Steve was curled up on his side, blankets piled high around his body, his back to the door.  All Tony could see was a lumpy blanket shape and the top of his head, vague and indistinct in the darkness.
“No need to be coy,” the Dom said, with a certain unctuous approximation of charm. “After all, the blushing virgin routine isn’t really your shtick.”
** What Bruce and Tony were looking at. http://theoatmeal.com/comics/mantis_shrimp and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-LTWFnGmeg. Enjoy!
Infinite thanks to thatwhichyields, my beloved beta!  So glad she's back from the wilderness beyond the internet...  :-)
There was a time when Tony would have pressed her, but he was getting better.  Better at recognizing not everything needs an engineer to question and test and solve it.  Some things can’t be fixed; and not everything is broken that isn’t perfect yet.
Wow.  Just, wow.  Not so many things on Steve’s “love” list (yet!), but (oh god) no shock to see both “anal sex” and “begging” at the top of the list.  (And, okay, alphabetizing, but whatever.)  Also he’d marked a whole ton of “curious” and “unsure,” with very few negative ratings outside his hard limits.  Tony read through it, slowly and steadily, unsurprised by much of what he found.  (No really—Steve Rogers isn’t into scat?)
The stranger was younger than Tony had initially supposed from a distance: his close-cropped hair all turned to silver, his dark skin wrinkled and creased, but he had a robust build, broad shoulders, and impeccable posture. His eyebrows shot up in surprise when he saw Tony approaching. The surprise annoyed Tony.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony awoke in a strange bed. He stayed frozen, feigning sleep, for a few tense moments before realizing he was at the ranch and everything was fine. Steve must have carried him to bed. (Mmm. Speaking of Steve--) Tony reached across the bed. He sighed when he found it empty. (This seriously reduced the chances of morning nookie.)
Tony startled visibly, eyes wide. Cap continued without pause; his speech sounded carefully prepared, recited from rote. “I hope you know that Iron Man’s place on the Avengers had nothing to do with your orientation and I had no—“ for the first time, Rogers looked away, “—
(Huh?) Tony stared at the tablet with a bewildered frown. (Not even a snide subordinate clause!? Had they really--)
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured and spread his legs a little wider.  Steve took his time, lavishing his attention there.  Tony smelled amazing, somehow earthy and rich and overwhelming.  Steve realized with another distant flare of almost-shame that his mouth and chin were sloppy with his own spit and Tony’s cock and balls were wet with it.  Steve moaned.  He shifted his attention up to take Tony’s dick in his mouth, sliding down and back, down and back, slow and teasing, massaging the shaft with his tongue.  (I’ll make it so good . . . You feel so good, so amazing . . .)  Down and back, down and back. . .
Tony hated going to SHIELD.  Hated the low hum of their air filters.  Hated the industrial lighting that made him look old and tired.  Hated the confusing, unmarked hallways.  Hated the whole place with a wild, fiery passion that he wished would make it
Thanks so much for reading!  I did fierce battle with writer's block over the holidays.  Hope you like the results! :-)
Then Tony reached down, closed his hands around Steve’s wrists, and pulled them behind his back.  Steve’s cock leapt and he held his breath.  (Yes, yes, yes. Tony,
“Tony,” Steve said urgently. Tony looked back to him, startled; Steve swallowed thickly, his Dominant’s notch bobbing.
I worried the pacing was a bit off in this chapter, so I cut another little scene at the gala.  If you’re curious—and the sort of person who watches delete movie scenes—you will find it on my tumblr shortly: ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com
The new screens weren’t going well. It was almost like revolutionizing computer screen technology was
“Of course.  I think Katie Winters might wring my neck if I tried to back out.  Or she’d get Michael to do it.”
“Glad to hear it. Are you almost to a stopping place? I thought maybe we could watch an episode of Star Trek before bed.”
“Steve?” Pepper said stepping up to the counter. “Tony does this kind of thing, I’m afraid. He has a tendency to go a little overboard.”
“I own a couple of ranches and shit,” Tony said. “We could go to my home where the buffalo roam and the deer and the antelope play.”
Steve Rogers was in his kitchen wearing a ghastly suit and tie.  (Seriously, was that Brooks Brothers?)  It was so bad it was almost hipster, but Rogers didn’t wear it with irony.  And Rogers was as far from hipster build as could be, ugly brown suit and navy tie or no.
“Oh, yeah, gonna take you while you’re all soft and loose, ‘cause you're mine.”  Steve’s mouth watered as he tongued at Tony’s dick.   He hollowed his cheeks and sucked.
“Yeah,” he said, shrugging it off as he took another sip of cocoa.  “I guess so.  The key will be using nanoconductors as the mechanism of the signal processing, then creating a temporary feedback loop.  Bruce keeps saying that we need to use transceivers—sure, maybe, but the first thing we need to do is figure out how to lock onto the target and eliminate interference.”
“All right,” Rogers said with a little smile, just looking at Tony and still bowing forward slightly.
do.” Tony shook his head. “Besides, I have a totally super selfish interest in your mom-hood! If you’re not a mom, how the hell am I gonna be a cool uncle? Seriously, who else would be crazy enough to trust me with a little kid? And I am gonna be an
Tony glared at the StarkPhone in his hand, resenting the hell out of the incipient shit-storm that had left him alternately running between meetings and locking himself in his workshop.  Apparently it was up to him to fix the next gen Stark phones because the very brilliant people he’d hired were also apparently idiots.
“I have to admit, it reassures me that he’s willing to confront Fury,” Bruce continued. “We’ll be in that position again, I’d expect, and it’s good to know he can stand up to command.”
“CHATTER!” Steve yelled, leaping into the air to catch Hulk’s (much gentler) toss, then sending the ball sailing smoothly to Nat who sent it to Clint then back to Hulk.
Seriously, she was wrong. Truly wrong. He and Tony had even talked about Howard once, early in their friendship. Tony'd been drunk and started ranting about Steve's "old buddy, Howard"; Steve had confessed that he hadn't really know Howard very well and, though he'd seemed like a swell guy back then, Steve had barely spent any time with him. He hadn't known Howard half, a third, a tenth as well as he knew Tony now. Tony'd started laughing hysterically, muttering “that fucking poser” over and over, then he'd fallen asleep and drooled on Steve's shoulder. So, it was fine. Really. But there was one thing . . . she was right about one thing.
“Are you really telling me I can’t leave,” Bruce asked Fury, so calmly it was terrifying—a whole new spin on ‘calm before the storm.’  Tony glanced around at the Agents, some of whom
They stared at each other for a few moments.  The familiar bitching had calmed Tony’s heart-rate a little, but his throat still felt tight.  It had been a long time since Rhodey’d been hurt.  Tony had started taking his safety for granted.  (Stupid.  Stupid.)
Tony continued shucking his armor, eager to follow them.  (Shit.)  Steve was frowning at the doorway.
“Hello to you too,” she said, sounding a little amused despite herself.  “So,” a long pause, “when were you going to tell me that you’re remodeling the top six floors of Stark Tower? And
A light touch to his shoulder and the bed dipped beside him.  Tony raised Steve’s head with gentle fingers at his chin.  Steve’s breath caught in his throat at the sight of Tony’s face, his rich brown eyes, his lopsided private smile—not the bright, public Stark smile.  (I love you . . . I love you so much . . . )
Once they stepped into the elevator, Steve leaned back against the wall, closed his eyes, and let out a shuddering sigh.  Tony reached out uncertainly and wrapped Steve in his arms.  Immediately, Steve pressed his face against Tony’s neck breathing deeply and slowly.  Tony stroked Steve’s back for several long moments.
Tony felt nearly overwhelmed by Steve’s desires.  (And desire for Steve, of course.)  But, looking at the chart, with only one new note it seemed cold and distant, with too little of Steve in it.  He wanted to understand Steve’s thought process more clearly.  He didn’t just want to avoid hurting or upsetting Steve, he wanted to anticipate and
He usually didn’t skim in erotic scenarios; that warm, extra-relaxed state normally came from service-y cuddling with Pepper and (maybe once) with Rhodey. But Steve’s firm affection and tender Dominance had gotten him there effortlessly. It was nice. A good sign. (Maybe someday he’d—) Tony shook his head. (No. Stop.)
Thank you so much--more than I can say--to everyone who has cheered me on and left me kind words of encouragement.  Your generosity helps keep me going.
Tony ran for about an hour while Steve battered his specially reinforced punching bags. Steve alternated between scowling furiously at the sandbag, landing wild, brutal hits, and then casting these soft little glances over at Tony (trying—and failing—to be subtle about it) and landing lighter more methodical blows.
Rogers stared at the proffered glass, looking a little bewildered, a little startled, and still a little worried. Tony waved the glass at him. “Go on. Go on, Rogers—
“Sandbags will still be there tomorrow or after dinner,” Tony said. “Stay for dinner and a movie; unwind post-mission. It’s good for your troops’ morale.”
“I just sat around while you did all the work,” Steve bit out. He was nearly vibrating with nervous energy. “I’m supposed to be the leader. And even if it hadn’t been the force field, I should have been expecting
Steve's eyes narrowed and the pinch at his mouth was back. “You can't scare me off by swearing at me, Tony.”
Before Tony could explain, Steve said mildly, “Don’t you think it’s a little mean to call your pet robot names?”
Tony smiled and got to his feet twisting and stretching. (Fuck.) He knew what Mrs. Rhodes was doing. Knew why she chose
“I’m eager and frantic,” Tony whispered, “but that first time you make it all gentle and deliberate. You press me against the front door and unbutton my shirt little by little, leaning up to kiss me long and hard.”
Clint, Bruce, and Natasha were puttering around the kitchen. Rhodey was frowning at his phone, jabbing at it as he typed out a text. Pepper’s head was tipped back against the couch and she was breathing deeply, sound asleep.
to be the one who defines everything and explains it to me, teaches me.  And . . .”  Steve paused, clearly considering his words.  Tony was desperate to cut in, but knew better; he bit his tongue to keep silent.
“Come off it,” Clint snapped, “You think I don’t know how things were?  That there were the good little subs you’d marry, and the naughty ones you’d just—“
“It sounds like things are really rough for you guys and Stark Industries right now.”  Steve said, resisting the temptation to fidget as the elevator returned him to his floor.  “Is there anything I can do to help?”
Chapter warnings behind rot13 to avoid spoilers: qvfphffvbaf bs CGFQ naq fhvpvqr; wrexf ba gur vagrearg orvat wrexf; fyhg funzvat; n Gehzc gjrrg
“Well, that’s the real selling point!” Sasha said with a laugh.  “So, does he have a sweet nerdy brother for me?”
And he’d carried Tony again, once three months ago. Steve had found Tony face down on the kitchen counter, perched on one of the bar stools, looking like he might fall over at any moment.  Steve had shaken Tony’s shoulder gently and Tony’d mumbled, still asleep, and swatted at his hand like a fly.  Without trying to wake him again, Steve had tipped Tony easily from the bar stool and into his arms, feeling thrilled and flushed and guilty, knowing that he’d done it before, but knowing also that this time was different, that he shouldn’t.  He wasn’t carrying Tony because he was drunk or injured or unconscious—he was carrying Tony because he wanted to hold the man in his arms and, without Tony’s permission, was stealing a moment.
“And trust me,” Tony went on, waving his hands, “super boring.  And, sure, my solution was brilliant.  A thing of beauty.  A thing of genius.  But describing it doesn’t necessarily make great dinner conversation.  ”
“Gal, actually,” Tony corrected with a smile. “Sharon Jefferson. She’s the best! Rhodey got me in touch with her after—“ Tony swallowed. “After Afghanistan. She’d helped him after his first rough tour.”
Steve couldn't move--he was frozen, mesmerized, heart pounding and palms sweating. His cock was achingly hard.
(Are the Avengers subject to snap inspection? Does Avenger’s Tower count as being on base or a private home? Shit.)
Tony wanted to point out that indoor and outdoor hot tubs were very different and, in any case, he wasn’t the one who had installed them. But he didn’t. Everything was feeling kind of awkward. (The change of location?) Maybe Clint and Natasha were still pissed at each other about movie night yesterday—they’d seemed super weird and tense about movie selection. And pizza toppings. (Whatever.)
“Oh yeah,” Tony murmured.  “You want it so bad, don’t you?”  He closed his hand around Steve’s cock and gave it a long, firm stroke.  “Shhhh, baby.  I’ll take care of you.”
Steve’s body was hard and heavy against him, and as they kissed he moved his hips—lazily at first, then faster. Tony urged him on with nips and kisses, too spent to join him a second time so soon, but wanting Steve’s pleasure for himself, wanting the hot spill of Steve’s body smeared against his, filthy and good.
Steve swallowed thickly and looked down at the table for a moment before meeting Tony with a clear, steady gaze: “He said our relationship might draw my role on the Avengers—my ability to serve my country—into doubt and I should consider it carefully.”
like Bruce.  If he were lucky, maybe the Doms of SHEILD wouldn’t want to hang out in the common area very much.
Rogers was learning. After all, Tony was pretty sure “sexual harassment” hadn’t been a phrase floating around in the ‘40s—back when Doms called their secretaries “sweetheart” and “doll,” and it was taken as a sign of affection not incompatible with being a respectful employer. Tony began to pace.
(Maybe Johnson had been onto something with the adaptors?  No—they’d have to adjust the electromagnetic radiation for that.  Hm.  The numbers Tony had given them earlier should really have solved the problems. . . . what if . . .)
God he was a mess sometimes!  He’d practically panicked.  That was far from the first time a woman had approached him.   (“Hit on you!” Tony’d say.)  But Steve’d never reacted like that before.  Sure, it was always awkward.  He couldn’t understand how someone,
Sorry to leave you there!  Also, please be patient with naive, inexperienced Steve.  He still has a lot to learn...  *blush*
“Maybe,” Steve said, “if you wanted, I could draw something else for you. Like on a commission—whatever you want.”
Tony swallows his mouthful of cake and can practically feel it turning to lead as it settles in his stomach.
The rest of the evening passes with them spending time together and for the moment, all thoughts of the mission that awaited them tomorrow - and Tony - is the farthest thing from his mind.
He felt bad when he felt Tony flinch slightly, moving away from him, but Tony was headstrong and stubborn and didn't let him scare him away.
Steve's blue eyes flicker between the doors leading out and his hand, and Tony feels like even more of a prick.
He slowly moved away, unwrapping his arms from where it had been around Tony's waist until he was looking at Tony.
He's packed it onto the rack and is now unwrapping his hands, wincing from how stiff and sore his hands are from boxing so long. His hands are torn and bruised but it's nothing he's not used to.
So he went back to sleep, not straight away, because apparently, it was difficult to tell his brain that everything was alright even when his body had already caught up to that fact.
If it was anyone else, Tony would laugh at them. Probably in their faces, too, if he was being honest. Which is something that Pepper is always trying to get him to practice. The being honest part, that is, not the part where he laughs in people's faces.
The walk to the café was spent in conversation. Or rather, Barnes spoke and Steve laughed, while he tried to make what little conversation he could without seeming like a total idiot.
Really obvious one but something I feel the need to point out, is that Mama Rosa is an original character. I just needed a mother-figure that's kind've close to Tony and that will help provide some insight as to why Tony is the way he is and she kinda just popped into my head.
Steve's features soften, and he smiles at Tony from beneath his lashes, a look of slight embarrassment on his face.
When he mentions Clint trying to steal Tony’s chinese food and it garners absolutely no look of horror from Tony, the metaphorical alarm bells in the back of his mind start ringing. Because Tony always, always, always has something to say when it’s Clint who’s trying to steal his food. Tony’s lack of outrageous response that he always manages to make, paired with the pale complexion that now fills his form is what makes him do a double take.
"I didn't hear you complaining when you said that candy hearts were your favorite," Steve shot back.
He loved the Tony who smiled widely, who gave real smiles and not smiles that were fake and razor sharp like those likened to those of a shark. Tony's fake smiles were made of plastic, so hard and brittle that he was afraid that Tony would crack, but Tony surprised him time and time again whenever he happened to be watching Tony interact with an overexcited journalist who didn't know their boundaries, those smiles were tailored specifically for journalists like that, his smile predatory sarcastic.
Steve's heart broke at how distressed Tony was and he didn't even hesitate before pulling Tony close to him, wrapping his arms around his smaller, shaking frame.
When they're finally standing, well, when he's standing, he decides to forget about helping Tony walk to medical; he's in too much pain.
Two years later and they were still ignoring the elephant in the room and taking rather enormous precautions never to mention anything that might have to do with the incident all that time ago.
"Tony, Bruce is waiting for us at the tower, okay? He's waiting for you. And then you can sleep. But first, we have to leave the bathroom. I'm going to walk with you out of the door, and we're going to head to my car that's parked outside." He hopes that Tony understands what he's saying. He just wants to leave the stupid gala already.
He made the action of crossing his heart and Steve rolled his eyes, the corners of his lips quirking up slightly in a semblance of a smile. Albeit, one that Steve tried hard to resist doing.
Should I have Tony and Pepper talk in the next chapter? Or should I have him and Steve (attempt) to talk about what they should do going forward?
The fight with Doom had been over eight hours ago and Tony had been in the lab ever since the fight was over. Which meant that Tony hadn't even put ice over his ankle. And from what he remembered, if your ankle was sprained, especially if it was as badly sprained as Tony's was, you'd have to use an ice pack or ice bath immediately for 15 to 20 minutes and repeat every two to three hours while you're awake.
It was quiet between them while Steve made them breakfast and Tony scrolled through his phone, occasionally breaking the silence to grab Steve's attention to show him something.
"Why?" he asks and Tony frowns. "Because I can't sleep without you here with me. Steve, what if they come back?" Tony asks.
But as it were, he had to think of what that would do to his reputation (not that he really cared about it all too much at this point, actually) but also to Tony's reputation.
And yes, maybe it was because Steve had this bad habit of playing with his fingers whenever he was nervous or worried or anxious, and it had just been something that Tony had picked up during their relationship - and found rather adorable, really. Steve was usually so confident that seeing him do something like that was like witnessing a rare moment - but this was also
"I'll be there," Steve said, "Just - just hang on tight, okay? I'll be there soon. Okay, sweetheart?" Steve said.
"Well, some of us can't just run away whenever they need to step up and do their job, Steve. Some of us have real jobs to do and sleeping never helped anyone, " he says and takes a small amount of satisfaction at the fleeting look of hurt that crossed Steve's face.
What Steve can't handle is Tony being the way he was right now. Not this morning. And it isn't just the fact that Tony is smiling at him, because Tony had smiled at him numerous times over the course of two days, but because today was different to any other day, and his nerves were already frayed at the edges. Which means that Steve isn't completely sure whether Tony was toying with him or being sincere at the moment, and he was too tired to look deeper into it.
Tony blinked. He only understood part of what she had said but didn't want to make a fool of himself by assuming something.
Tony turned over with a moan, eyes still tightly shut. A hand wrapped around his waist and Tony opened his eyes, smiling when he saw Steve smiling at him, blue eyes sparkling. "You okay?" Steve asked. "Yeah, just a huge headache. Now I know why I never cry," Tony said. His head was pounding, voice rough and eyes feeling bruised. Steve laughed and Tony pouted. "I love you, you know that. I've never stopped loving you," Steve said softly. Tony looked down at their tangled hands. "I love you too," he said. Steve tilted his head so that Tony was looking him in the eye. "I promise you, that I will make it up to you. I love you. And I'm never going to leave you again," Steve whispered.
Tony was now leaning on him, and seemed comfortable enough that he didn't want to move, and he told Steve that.
And with that, he felt his throat close up and it felt as if someone had ripped the rug out from beneath his feet.
Getting her to latch is surprisingly easy, from the way Tony sees the nurse watch on in pride, she seems to think that Steve has the situation handled.
The conversation between them was light, and when it seemed like he couldn't possibly talk anymore, Barnes intervened, telling them about all the stupid things he's walked in on Sam and Clint doing.
He already feels antsy whenever he's in the tower, almost as if walking around the various halls and floors would suddenly make Tony appear in front of him. It's an invalid fear, of course, ever since he and Tony broke up it was like whatever agreed-upon idea made to remain friends was put on the back-burner while they sorted through whatever they needed to go through.
Tony turned to kiss him along his jaw. "Love you. And I missed you too. Never going on another business trip again. Pepper will have to go. And if she forces me and threatens me with her high heels I'm making you come with me," Tony said.
He glared at Tony, feeling all of his pent up anger push against the invisible wall he built to trap it inside and spill over.
And that's why, when the compound was dark and silent, everybody finally asleep, Tony slipped out of bed and made his way across the room. His heart was beating erratically in his chest and his head was pounding in time with his heart, making his quest to the draw where he stored the phone so much harder. Tony inhaled and closed his eyes, leaning his head against the cool surface of the window, allowing him to think things through, hopefully with a positive outcome at the end. He opened his eyes and stared at the cityscape. It was quiet.
So he does what he does best; get's his anger and frustration and embarrassment and longing out of his system by heading to the gym and punching itt out.
was too dependent on Steve, and that although he loved the blond and would do anything for him, the fact that Steve -
Tony stops headbutting his shoulder and his eyebrows furrow in thought. He nods not even a second later and at that moment Steve regrets not mentioning Bruce sooner.
"My sister is in town for the week and we're having dinner together with her family. As much as I love spending time at the tower, it's my sister. She's already messaged me ten times. I'll be back later tonight, probably crash in one of the guest rooms so I'll be here early for the mission. It's simpler than traveling in the early hours of the morning, you know?" Sam explains as he pulls on his jacket and gathers his things.
"No," Tony growled, scowling a little and he felt his heart beat faster. Tony Stark was going to be the death of him. And he couldn't even find it in himself to be mad at the man!
Steve isn't really invested in making friends with him, and Tony feels like a fool for not noticing it sooner; he must've pressurized Steve so much that Steve felt the need to pretend to be friends with him.
Tony tore his eyes away from the blue candy heart, eyes widening when he saw Steve kneeling in front of him on a bent knee.
"Oh, don't pretend you haven't noticed all the looks you get whenever we step out together. Women and teenage girls in the street stop and stare at you whenever you walk past. And I've seen a few men, too! You know you're wanted, right?" she says with a teasing tone of her own, eyes twinkling in the artificial light of the boardroom.
"I'm sorry. It's— Tonight's just stressful." He pulls Steve closer by the hand, not that Steve had put up a fight against it.
Steve feels his fingers twitch and he wished he had a pencil and some paper so that he could draw Tony. Tony's hair was all mussed and his expensive suit rumpled. In that moment he's never wanted Tony to be his more.
They both know he isn't just talking about the work for SI, but rather what happened in Siberia and Steve's little time away in Wakanda with the rest of the team.
Tony was fast asleep, his head leaving against the closed window and his hands wrapped around the seat belt.
he was, analysing the song and tearing it apart, comparing it to the Christmas situation with Steve last year.
Natasha, surprisingly, answers on the first ring. And despite his earlier assumptions of her leaving him due to all of his complaints centering around Tony (who he was currently babysitting in a public bathroom), she sounds perfectly normal.
He sighs, because what else was he supposed to do? This is exactly what he should be used to; Tony always refused to admit when he was hurt and would to try his absolute best to escape medical. Whenever he landed up in hospital, which was a rare occurrence, Tony always signed himself out, much to Rhodey, Pepper and his chagrin.
He felt as if he were being tugged into two; half of him wanted to climb into bed and forget the whole ordeal and the other half wanted to stay until Tony woke up.
He sighed, turning around and shot them a grin. "Nope, thanks. I'm good. Just came to get a fresh pot of coffee, then I'll be out of your hair," he said, resuming his coffee making and purposefully not looking at Steve.
And while he can understand why Sam and Bucky and the rest of the team get so concerned whenever he leaves for a mission - they think that he's going to burn himself out and overdo it - he's
Tony is really angry now. How can his friends say that about Steve? Steve wasn't like anyone else, he would
Really, he loved Steve so much. Steve could ask him to sell the tower and move into a simple brownstone with him and he wouldn't even blink an eye. As Rhodey so eloquently put it, he was whipped. Not that he cared, of course. Steve was what made him want to wake up in the mornings.
He doesn't know what to say. How else could he say that he wanted to be there when Tony woke up? He didn't want to appear transparent, although he knows that the entire team knew about his and Tony's argument the other day.
"No, nope. Listen to me. I'm talking now." If he told Steve that he loved him a long time ago, then maybe Steve might not have felt this way. He feels the familiar feeling of guilt lodging in his chest and vows to never make Steve feel this way again.
Now that he realizes it, Tony's silence was probably because of all the pain that he was in, and not because Tony was mad at him or avoiding him and the rest of the team.
"It's okay, Nat. I've got it from here," he says and she frowns, but doesn't push. Instead, she stands on her tiptoes, leaning toward to place a kiss to his forehead and then one on Tony's.
Steve's pliant in his hold, and seems to accept the comfort he offers; he's slumped in a semblance of an exhausted heap, his head laying low over Tony's chest, listening to the thump-thump of Tony's heartbeat.
"What?" he asks in a defensive tone, borrowing his brows and frowning when it only serves to make Steve laugh harder.
"I can't. I'm not tired," he argues. As far as arguments with Steve go, it's a weak one, and Tony knows it, which is why he raises an eyebrow.
He's so tuned into his own thoughts that he doesn't hear the doors to the gym slide open and someone walk in, nor does he hear that someone clear their throat.
Steve placed the box of donuts they had gotten from the bakery on the way home on the table, then loosened his tie. He could hear Tony already flicking through the movies on Netflix from where the brunet sat on the sofa, providing unnecessary commentary on each one that he flipped past.
yes, it sucks that our daughter needs to stay an extra night when we get to go home, but you didn't know. You didn't know you could even fall pregnant, that this was possible. But soon she'll be able to come home. None of this was planned, and absolutely
Why did he even phone Steve in the first place? God knows that Pepper was the one he called when he found himself in these sort of situations; she was his emergency contact.
Sometimes he replays their shared kiss on the balcony and wonders what it would be like now, exactly a year later, if he had told Steve he felt the same, if he hadn't been the one to hurt Steve. Would they be together, then?
Steve looked at him, noticing the way Tony wasn't completely at the breakfast table but rather some place further. There was no doubt that there was something on his mind. Judging by his tone of voice and the way he brought up the topic of Valentine's day, Tony was probably missing their friends. Not that Steve wasn't, to course. He missed them as well, but their friends were spread out all over the place and wouldn't be able to travel any time soon.
One hand pulled Steve closer and he moved, pulling and flipping them over so that he was at the bottom and Steve was on top of him. Their kisses were less frantic now, going slower as they explored each other's mouths. One hand was tangled in Steve's hair and the other was resting on the small bump.
They panic about it for a while, Steve maybe more than him, although he has his own fears, but they calm down soon enough.
The café itself was rather attractive and charming. It had a warm, cosy feel to it. It was decorated with a few paintings here and there, and in the front of the café, they had a large variety of cakes to choose from.
So far he's feeling pretty lonely because at least four people in his social circle left for their family's homes. And at least two of those messages sounded as if they were copied and pasted into the conversation before they'd left. So he thinks it's safe to say that maybe they've finally cracked and gotten so annoyed with him that they felt the need to leave.
The pile of papers were all letters addressed to Captain America, most of them in various shades of marker. On the computer was a picture of Steve, holding up a crayon drawing of Captain America with a small child’s sprawling signature: T o M M y.
sorry. “You did great with the device, but the auto-adjust program would take too long. Be too unreliable too. I do my best work on the fly, you know, and this way I’ll have JARVIS.”
“At least you’ve got Romanov, but she’s so cold! And it must really cramp your style, especially having the Captain around all the time. Not that he isn’t a good person and a great fighter—just, he seems pretty conservative. Judgmental.”
“Okay.”  Steve answered but his voice was hesitant. “Are you sure?  Because I mean it, we can be together however you—”  Steve fell silent when Tony pressed a finger to his lips.
” again and again until the joke got old, but now all that came out was a soft, “Good night, Steve.”
“I think it’s admirable,” Rogers said earnestly. “You have so many demands on your time, but you’re still willing to work on the readings, even against the odds.”
Katie gave an elegant shrug. “I doubt it. He’d clearly thought about what he wanted to say, but he didn’t talk to me first.” She gave him a rueful look. “Or to SHIELD—and I’ve gotten a real earful about that, thank you very much.”
“I’m going back to work on the environmental readings,” Bruce said. “Can you look at what I’ve got so far, Tony? It’d be good to bounce some ideas around.”
Tony headed for the elevator and, very softly behind him, he heard Bruce say, “JARVIS?  About earlier. I’m sorry.”
Tony shuffled down the bed to search for something in his bag.  Steve was breathing heavily, struggling not to move, to stay calm.  Tony slid back up the bed holding two heavy clips and with a deft motion snapped the rings on Steve’s cuffs to the d-rings in the headboard.  (Those weren’t there before, were they?)
“The prospect of seeing you, beautiful boy, gave wings to my feet,” she said teasingly. Tony chuckled.
On arrival, Romanov and Fury sat on the far side of the conference table, facing the door with their backs to the window.  Bruce hesitated before taking a seat opposite them.  Tony hated sitting with his back to the door, but he also hated sitting any closer to manipulative dickbags than necessary. He’d just decided on the faux leather chair next to Bruce, the one angled slightly away from the door, when Rogers stepped in and
Steve opened and closed his mouth, struggling with words for a few seconds.  Then he gave Tony shy smile, but moved without hesitation.
The first light of dawn was peeking in through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Tony closed his eyes again, nestling down in Steve’s arms. Maybe he’d fall back asleep.
“He all but said I was abusing my power by entering into a relationship with you,” Steve said stiffly.  “Pretty much asked if I’d coerced you.”  Steve stared down at the table. “Or at least if I was certain that I hadn’t coerced you.”
If there are things you especially liked here, you know how much I love hearing about them.  Thank you so much.  I'm so grateful for all the kindness.
Bruce poured them both coffee and listened as Tony ran through the specs, rehashed the bits he’d borrowed from the mantis shrimp research, then showed him the plans for turning the high tech fabric into an actual suit.
Steve let out a pained moan.  (Oh God, oh God, almost, almost, almost.)  Tony was still thrusting, brushing against his prostate.  Steve held his breath—he wanted to come so badly, and Tony had told him to and he wanted to obey, but it wasn’t quite, he needed—
“But,” she said softly, leaning down, “I’m a very discreet person, so if you were ever—“ she ran her hand down his arm in a familiar caress, “—up for a
He hated feeling guilty.  He wanted walk out of there so badly, but he couldn’t; no way he’d miss the fucking meeting and prove that Tony Stark was an unreliable diva.
(“Are you okay, hon? What are you doing? Jesus, Tony! You’re in public!”  “Oh, fuck the fuck off, would you?  Don’t be such a prudish bitch.  Try fucking the stick up your ass for a change!”)
they were waiting for Steve, but it was obvious the way they all kept glancing over at the elevator. After all, they wouldn’t start without him. And pretty much everything was ready. Tony had hauled his badly wrapped presents under the tree a few hours ago. (Well, all except Steve’s of course.)
“All right!” Tony said, settling in the middle of the couch and handing them each a bowl of salad. “Let’s boldly go! JARVIS, roll it!”
harassed him, if Rogers had “tried to pull something,” Rhodey would have believed him. Wouldn’t have made excuses for the guy or thought Tony was asking for it or made it up or was being hysterical or--
carte blanche and you want to relax with TV just like usual? Huh. Okay.) Tony gave an inward shrug, an outward nod, and a murmured, “Whatever you like.”
Still in a lurch between half-asleep and high alert, Tony fumbled his way into his winter boots and grabbed a coat for Steve. He made it half way to the door before remembering with a hint of panic Steve would never fit into one of his coats. Tony dashed back and snatched up his comforter instead.
On a bleak, gray Saturday afternoon, Steve wandered into the communal living room to find Ms. Potts taping a box shut.  There was another box beside it.
Pepper’s face flashed up on a glowing screen. She was wearing her navy blue pajamas, the ones with the white piping that Tony’d given her for Christmas two years ago. She looked baffled.
“Gosh,” Steve said, as he watched Bruce pull off the bow. “I wish I’d realized we were exchanging gifts. I’m so sorry I didn’t—“
“I never seem to get things right with you,” Rogers said softly, staring down at his coffee. Then he looked up to ask, “Are you angry with me?”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. His brow was knit, eyes big with worry, though it looked like he was trying to hide it.  (He wasn’t very good at hiding it.)
“You don’t have to like it,” Nat said.  “But you do have to get over it. It’s done--in the past. And in the present we’re a team, even when we disagree.”
want to ride with Pepper—hold her hand in the limo, let her pet his hair and fuss over him—but it was probably important for him to arrive with The Avengers.
When he got there, Steve was already sitting on the couch, notebook in hand and an extra pencil behind his right ear. When he heard Tony approach, he quickly closed the book and turned to look over the back of the couch.
“Couple of things.  Upgraded failsafes for the helicarrier’s engines.  New exploding arrows for Barton.  Mostly Bruce and I have been working on an electromagnetic pulsator that could take out targeted electronics, but leave all our tech operational.”
The mini-spectrometer was still safely stored in the quinjet, so The Avengers—and bonus War Machine—were ready to go in the time it took to change into their gear.
Tony grinned and turned to the reversion device. He checked it over (everything looked good) and then gathered it into his arms.
Rogers smiled and pulled out a bar stool for him.  Tony snorted and asked, “You know these are my bar stools, right?  They’re not too heavy for me.”
? Nice,” Clint said, wandering into the living room and hovering behind the couch. Steve grabbed the remote and paused it. (Yeah, he
Tony heard the elevator approaching. He glanced at the clock—noon. Maybe it was Steve! Maybe he was bringing lunch! (Maybe he’d be up for a bit of fun?)
“Of course, sir. Running Hypothetical Analysis 1-83,” JARVIS answered. At that moment the energy field began to flicker. “Please stand by,” JARVIS said politely and then a dark shape emerged from the energy field, which was now officially a portal.
The Avengers’ press conference was a consummate success. Almost as good as if the team had written the articles all from start to finish, give or take a few vexing subordinate clauses. The film clips posted online were fantastic and, though carefully constructed, looked informal and personal.
“I mean it!  We could break ties,” Steve went on. “Do our work on our own!  What is it they offer us anyway?”
“Right,” Rogers said briskly. “I’ll reinforce the camp and prepare a full guard rotation. Best to be prepared.”  Tony tried not to roll his eyes.  (Boy Scout. Duh.)
Tony didn’t know who had eventually gathered him up off the floor of the ballroom where he’d been shivering—everything had gotten fuzzy—but the man had folded him into his giant great coat and carried him out of the ballroom.  He’d called for Mr. Stark’s driver, saying that Mr. Stark was “indisposed,” then helped Happy bundle Tony into the car.  The stranger hadn’t left Tony his card or any way to contact him.  (Tony hoped it was because he had no expectation of thanks rather than wanting nothing to do with somebody like Tony.)   Tony still had the man’s coat and sometimes he remembered his hands, large and strong and warm when Tony’d been shivering.
While the coffee brewed, Tony walked over to the common room mirror hanging above the bar. He pulled his tank top up and twisted awkwardly to look. Tony’s cheeks heated at the sight of the delicate and precise rows of whip marks across his shoulders and down his back. Sam Deetz really was a master—they were evenly spaced and straight, 1.5 inches apart. Sam’s stripes were the perfect compliment to Rebecca’s lovely rope marks on his arms and at his neck.
Rhodey’d had to go soon—family stuff again—but he rang off with a soft “good to see you so happy, Tones” that made Tony blush again.
Once they landed, he tossed his mini-orbiters around the field to start collecting more precise data while they got the mini-spectrometer in place. (SHIELD’s crap looked like something from a meteorology center by comparison.)
need his sleep.  Tony nevergot enough sleep.  It would be selfish to wake him up just because Steve was in the mood.
Steve lowered himself forward as gracefully as he could with his hands bound behind him. He lapped at Tony’s dick, then pressed lower to suck and lick Tony’s balls, trying not to tickle.
“Yeah. I figure you’ve got steadier hands than DUM-E and I can’t actually do everything myself. Yet.”
“According to the report so far: ‘Strange weather patterns and a shimmering light in the sky,’” Steve said, stepping aside so Natasha could reach the pilot seat. “Scientists at SHIELD think it’s a nascent portal. Coordinates are on the display—upstate New York.”
“Thank you all so much, ladies and gentlemen! Aren’t they wonderful? Now the band is going to take a last break while we give you the results of the silent auction and take a few moments to thank our generous supporters. Don’t worry, though! We’ll be back to the music before the ball drops.”
“Okay, I’ve just gotta say it: it’s weird that you three have seen every episode and know them by name,” Clint said.
“Seems like all of this—the Avengers—would put a lot of restrictions and complications on your life, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said seriously. “But you still want to do it.”
saying he had no idea where the rumor I was a probationary member could have started and that I was always a full Avenger from the beginning.”
Please note that this chapter contains only this Steve’s own, personal responses to various kinks.  I by no means shall all of his feelings, nor do I wish to kink shame anyone.  Thanks!  Enjoy!
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Sasha said, smiling.  “But, I have to ask--it’s all anyone’s talking about--are you really dating Captain America?”
I wrote Pepper & Tony's conversation ages ago and was really eager to post it!  Also, posting a new chapter so soon in honor of "Permission to Surrender" crossing the 400 kudos mark and "Surrender" being just 2 away from 450.  I'm so excited and honored!
Steve pulled away from their kiss, panting. He pressed his mouth to Tony’s cheek, his temple, his hair and took a deep breath.
So, the Chinese is the phrase Tony Y taught him back in chapter 27 and means "Iron Man rocks."  (Also the chapter where Tony Y said his girlfriend would be SO jealous he met Captain America.... :-)
“No,” Katie said. “You misunderstand me. I meant, I didn’t—That wasn’t me.” Katie took a breath and shook her head, part aggravation and part wonder. “I didn’t prep him for that. It wasn’t a press conference—he just finished a patrol shift, washed his face, walked right over to where all the reporters were camped out and started
JARVIS had informed Steve that Natasha was at SHIELD, but would alert him when she returned. So, instead of continuing his plots with her, Steve read up on City College's programs and browsed the course catalogue. Oh brother! He wanted to take everything.
Tony took a deep steadying breath, then pushed down gingerly on the presser foot; the machine whirred to life.
“True,” Tony conceded. “But I trust you.” Tony reached up to caress Steve’s furrowed brow. “And I don’t scare off that easily once I trust someone.”
The other Avengers were assembled in the common room. The indigo satin of Katie’s stilettos matched Mikie’s tie and cufflinks. As Tony walked in, Mikie raised an eyebrow at her.
“Yes, we do,” he said. “It’s fine. Better to tell them on our own terms, but—“ (--the thought of being called your good little bitch, finally brought to heel is kind of a buzz kill.) “—that’s a problem for Cap and Iron Man so—“
It had taken two pots of coffee and more brain-ache than he’d like to admit, but he’d finally managed to cross something off the list. Date: check! Now on to the next thing . . .
Anyway, there you have it.  Hope you liked it!  As always, comments are cherished and I love to know your favorite bits!  Thanks so much for reading!  (And, yes, I have a massive crush on Veronica Williams...)
The captain glances anxiously at the audience and admits to Colbert, leaning forward, “I still don’t know what those are.”
.’ I just wanted you to feel at home to, I dunno, make changes or whatever in your place.” Tony paused a moment. “You do like it, right?”
“Could be lots of things,” Tony said. “Interplanetary copycats? Intergalactic disturbance? Interplanetary weirding?”
(Uh, you weren’t so into my latest suggestions—to fuck me, to throw me around in the training room . . . Besides, what I really want is—)
; he wasn’t actually going to write “sucking cock and bending over” on any sub’s duty roster.  (Not even a male sub who couldn’t get knocked up.)  Tony’s mouth twisted in a little grimace and he looked away.  (Yep, male subs: the perfect whores.  Dominate ‘em, fuck ‘em, and toss ‘em aside.)
Tony waved his hands in frustration. “You are the best Domina and liberationist I know, so don’t even,” Tony said, a little more harshly than he’d meant to. He added more softly, “But, no, I won’t tell them. Not because there’s anything wrong with it, but because it’s private, you know?”
Tony wasn’t sure if he meant for asking about Bucky or something else, but looking at Steve he felt a wave of regret.
Tony danced with Jamal, a good friend of Veronica’s who had a charming laugh and a strong lead. He danced with Mr. Klein (the old goat!) because he was a good connection for Stark Industries, and trod heavily on the man’s foot whenever his hand strayed too low. He danced with a Dom he’d never met before who clutched at his hand far too tightly and led with stiff limbed brutality—Tony excused himself for the powder room half-way through the song. And he had an enjoyable dance with a Dom he was sure he’d slept with, but whose name he couldn’t remember. (Really, all Tony remembered about him was that he’d failed to impress in bed, but whether it was indifference to a sub’s pleasure or pure incompetence Tony’d never decided.)
“There you are,” Bruce said with a smile. “I was half afraid I’d have to come get you from the workshop.” Bruce cast a glance over to the large table where Natasha and Clint were helping Steve wrap presents, bickering playfully about their relative gift-wrapping skills. Bruce lowered his voice and added, “I think Steve was starting to worry you’d changed your mind. About the Christmas stuff.”
“No problem,” Tony said. He looked around Rogers’ apartment, hoping for a new topic of conversation, but the place was uninspiringly barren. Rogers hadn’t hung any artwork or photos, hadn’t unpacked anything on the living room shelves. His kitchen was spotless and empty; there weren’t even clean dishes on the drying rack, or a washrag hanging from the faucet. The only sign that someone had been in the room recently was a sketchpad and a few wooden pencils on the coffee table between them.
Steve worked the dildo, licking and sucking, then very carefully let it touch the back of his throat and held it there. He didn’t choke.
“Hey Clint,” Natasha said, “You should tell Steve about our mission in the Philippines. He’d like that one.”
And he wanted to tell Rhodey how much Tony meant to him. That Tony was the first person to make the twenty-first century seem bearable. That he wouldn't let Tony's bad spells drive him away, that he'd never abandon Tony, that this was it. And he wanted to thank Rhodey for never giving up on his friend, for bringing him home from Afghanistan.
“Ah, you’re welcome.”  Tony chuckled.  “Confession?  I maybe changed my mind about them a few times after they arrived.  I mean, roses—kinda clichéd, wasn’t sure you’d like them, sorta predictable. That kinda thing.”
“Not much.”  Rhodey gave an awkward, one-shouldered shrug, then grimaced.  “First, she asked if you’d already told me about your new ‘lover,’ which of course you hadn’t so, thanks for that.  Seriously, Pepper keeps score in her head, I just know it, and she’s
“It’s a wallet,” Steve said, deadpan. “Pretty sure you still have wallets in the twenty-first century. They hold money, used to pay for goods and services.”
(Oh god.  Fuck! Fuck!)  Steve reached for his erection.  Tony yanked him back hard.  His mouth left Tony’s cock with a wet ‘pop.’
“Sure,” Rhodey said, “but that’s good.  That he’s not going to keep you in the closet forever.  ‘Cause that’d suck.”  Rhodey toyed with his beer bottle for a moment, then added, “And, well, it would do a lot of people good to have him as a role model, you know?”
Tony waited.  Steve didn’t initiate anything else, but even Tony’s massive grab bag of insecurities couldn’t convince him that Steve was already bored with him, repelled by his appearance, or had changed his mind about banging such an infamous slut.  It was a little surprising for a Dom to be denying himself an orgasm, instead of somebody else, but Steve probably just needed some encouragement.  This was his first scene after all.
“Thank you for being so patient with me,” Steve said softly, still stroking Tony’s hair. Tony wanted to say something to reassure Steve, but words were hard to find. Instead, he took Steve’s hand and brought it to his lips for a lingering kiss, trying to put all his tenderness for Steve into his gesture, his eyes. Steve smiled at him. “Thank you.”
That was the tricky part: the actual mechanism. But unexpectedly, it was kinda fun. And, really, the idea of Big Green wriggling around in a fuzzy pink and blue blanket with duckies on it made of triple reinforced adamantium and elasticized poly-aramid was . . . well. It was a lot less depressing than the way the whole thing had started out, that was for damn sure.
Tony’s response was immediate.  (He clearly wasn’t focusing on his conference call.  Poor Mr. Lawyer, et al.  Tony had better not be making trouble for Pepper—she’d have his hide.)
“Thanks, J,” Tony croaked when he finally found his voice. Deep breath. He rolled out of bed and headed for the shower.
“You are the last person I want to come to right now. With this,” Ms. Potts said, her face drawn tight. “But you’re the only one here and I’m not strong enough to lift him.”
At Cucina Paradiso, the hostess led them back to a table far from other diners (who still ignored them) and Steve immediately drew back Tony’s chair for him, head held high, shoulders back.  Proud. Tony took his seat gracefully and looked up at Steve through his lashes.
“Fine, fine.” Jackie patted the salon chair and Tony settled, ready for a nice long scalp massage and a hot shampoo.
Tony woke up in a strange place. The sheets felt wrong. It smelled wrong. JARVIS didn’t immediately greet him with time, temperature, and location. Tony remained absolutely still and waited for his brain to catch up.
Very carefully, Steve shifted Tony in his arms, little by little, moving Tony’s weight farther against his chest.  Steve slid his right arm down to the small of Tony’s back and used his left arm to pull Tony’s legs across his lap.  Tony murmured a little, but showed no signs of waking.  Steve felt torn between pleasure and concern.  On the one hand, he knew this was a sign of how deeply Tony trusted him and the rest of the team; on the other hand, it showed how exhausted he was and highlighted his constant willingness to work himself to the bone.  After waiting a few moments for Tony to settle, Steve cradled his lover against his chest, stood, and slowly turned his steps towards Tony’s bedroom.
Suddenly this didn't seem like such a good idea anymore, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself. (Those who listen at eaves, may not like what they hear...)
And Steve had that absurd sad puppy look on his face, made all the more horrible by the way he was obviously trying *not* to make that face.
Steve looked half embarrassed, hunched his shoulders a little, then bade them both a little goodbye and made his retreat.
“Had him on the ropes,” Rogers muttered to himself under his breath with a sad smile, then looked up at Tony. “Getting help wasn’t my favorite thing,” Cap admitted, “but it sure beat having my brains bashed in.”
Rhodey looked stricken; his eyes distinctly were misty. (Tony loved that Rhodey would cry at the movies.) Cap was leaning forward, rapt, hanging on every word. Bruce and Clint looked sympathetic, but relaxed—Bruce (probably) assisted by weed, Clint (
“Um, thanks?”  Steve shook himself.  “It won’t change anything in the field.  We’re still a team and it won’t affect our work.”
As Rogers made his way to Gym B and Tom used all his training to follow unobserved, he supposed he should probably feel guilty for tailing Captain America.
,” Tony said, shaking his head. He waved Clint’s tablet away. “Well, now that I’m not on the verge of collapse, I’m overdue for a shower.”
wasn’t what Steve had originally started to say, but Tony was grateful anyway. He could apparently, maybe, on occasion offer comfort to a grieving friend, but talking about feelings and gratitude and friendship and stuff afterwards would probably push him across the line.
That was how it was supposed to work, wasn’t it? Meet the right Dom, a special Dom (the love of your life) and when you made love that would just fix things (you) and you’d find subspace, like Prince Charming’s magic kiss.
“Usually, when I cut in,” the Dom said with an amused smirk, “the other Dom is leading.” He gestured to Tony and asked Steve, “If I may?”
Rogers hovered looking stiff, awkward, and nervous. It was a strange look on him. Tony didn’t like it.
“Steve!” Tony called. “Come on in! I’m showing Pep the new uniforms. Come see.” Tony paused when Steve seemed to hesitate. “You remember Pepper, right?”
After a few moments, Steve slid to his knees beside him. He took each of Tony’s wrists in a large hand. (Steve’s fingers easily circled his wrists with room to spare.)
Tony ran his fingers across the knot of scars, rough and thick. He thought of the photo in his wallet and stepped away from the mirror. (Steve wouldn’t care.)
Oh please--people all offended by the age difference just upset that an older SUB is getting a younger DOM! Hypocrites. I say, go Tony! #fuckthegap
The tension seemed to ease out of Pepper’s body at his quiet reply. She was efficient as usual: she kicked off her heels and laid her blazer neatly over a chair; she moved one of the drip racks out of the way and slid the side rail down; then, very carefully, she eased herself onto the bed next to him. Tony started to shuffle over awkwardly to make room, but Pepper scooped him up and resettled him herself. Soon, he was cuddled up to her, head against her stomach, legs curled around hers. Pep stroked his hair, scratching lightly at his scalp with her fingernails just the way he liked it.
"Of course. Guess I should've thought of that. I do have a meeting after all. And Pep will kill me if I fall asleep during the negotiations," Tony says.
"Okay," Tony whispered. He heard Steve give a relieved sigh and what sounded like keys? "I'll be there soon, doll. I promise. Now, I want you to do something for me. Can you do that for me, sweetheart?" Steve asked.
He should've known that once Pepper figured out what was going on between him and Steve, it wouldn't be too long until the news got to Rhodey.
"Oh, yeah. I forgot about the boxes. But you didn't have to unpack them yourself, I could've had someone else do it." Tony scratches his head, stepping out of the entryway and deeper into the nursery.
And how could he even think of that? What horrible person thought of things like that? Steve was in pain. Steve needed him. And he wanted to comfort Steve. It was wrong to try and take advantage of the blond when he wasn't behaving like his usual self, when he was in this vulnerable state.
"As you wish, Sir, is there anything else you wish to tell them?" JARVIS asked and he chuckled bitterly.
"I don't need to go medical, Steve. It's fine, I can handle a sprained ankle by myself. I'm a big boy."
"No, I - No, Tony, sweetheart, you never said anything bad, okay? We can talk about this later. For now, you need to tell Bruce how you're feeling, and then we can leave this place and you can sleep for as long as you like. How's that sound?" he asks, and he's more than aware that his own voice sounds shaky and hoarse, but Tony's too engrossed in dialling Bruce from Steve's cellphone that he doesn't hear.
"Excuse me, asshole. You're the one who bumped into me first! If you weren't so busy on that stupid phone of yours, you would've seen that the sidewalk was full of people. Maybe you should watch where you're going and do the normal thing and not stand in the middle of the walkway!" Steve snaps, gesturing to where Tony was standing; right in the middle of the walkway.
"I don't know. I'm just worried about what everyone else will think. They'll look at me and think that all I want is your money. I mean, I'm not exactly your type. And now the fact that I'm pregnant and living with you will only serve to solidify their theories, " Steve said, sounding slightly bitter. He turned his head to look back out the window and Tony sighed internally, closing his eyes.
It wasn't even all that difficult to look Tony in the eye and grab the dossier from him. So long as he's got something to keep him busy then he's happy.
It's strange, and yet, he feels as though Steve were made to do this. And the thought strikes a chord deep inside of his consciousness because Steve was told that he could never have this, that he was unable to ever experience something so precious.
It's a foreign feeling for him, and he doesn't like it, but he would be lying if he wasn't excited at the prospect of trying something new. He wasn't the type to back down from a challenge. And he has a feeling Steve will provide him with plenty of challenges.
The doctor had also left strict instructions for Tony to help Steve. When she'd done that Steve had looked unhappy, but didn't protest too much.
As far as the baby's resemblance to her parents, she seems to have inherited the Stark genes; she's got a dark head full of hair - which Tony knows from the research he's done that it will start to fall out and thin before growing back in again - and brown eyes.
He’s met with the sight of Tony slumped on the floor, hunched over his right leg and body all tense.
This chapter is dedicated to all the people who stuck with this while I wrote exams and generally abandoned this fic because of RL. I love you all, and I'm grateful to each and every one of you for your patience and kindness for waiting until I could update again.
And for the first time since Steve left, Tony was sure of himself. He didn't have this feeling of being vulnerable. Not the way he was before. He was sure of himself.
Tony sat down at the desk with a small sigh before unlocking the drawer, eyes skimming the contents inside. Before he knew it, he was sitting with both the letter and burner phone in hand.
“Shit, that hurts like a bitch. Dum-E, what have I told you about chasing after that damn ball? I said that you were going to trip someone and look what you do, tangle me up in your goddamn wires,” Tony huffs in irritation.
Tony kept still, eyes never leaving his, waiting patiently until he was ready to speak without pushing him.
But now, seeing Steve hold their daughter was, well, the sight was breathtaking, for lack of better words.
He can't help but think that that was where things had started to go wrong for them, that they had depended too much on each other. More importantly, it was the point in time where he realized that
Because, Steve and Tony had seemed so buddy-buddy lately. And not in the sense that they were friendly with one another. No, they were almost-dating
"And then there's this one: 'You’re like a Valentine’s candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.' I don't know whether to laugh or to be offended that he's indirectly calling me crazy." Tony sounded half put out and half confused.
It's when he tries to help Steve out of bed and into their kitchen for breakfast at the blond's insistence, that Steve sways on his feet.
Tony didn't have a quick reply for that one, and chose to stay quiet with his mouth hanging open, face appalled at the fact that his A.I had just showed him who's more superior when it comes to sarcastic retorts.
The nickname, as he learns, doesn't even affect her. Usually, Clint is the only one to call her that and no one else deigns to try, lest she decides to strangle them or murder them in their sleep.
Stone straightens up. "Nothing, Cap. And you can't prove that I did anything to Tony either, can you? You have no proof. And if this gets out, it's his word against mine. I'm willing to bet that people will be in my favour, especially since this whole situation we're finding ourselves in -" he motions to Tony who's still sitting in the car, oblivious to what's going on just outside the car, "Is normal for him. Tony's always experimented. You can't say that this is anything out of the ordinary. Who's to say that this was him just having some fun and then having taken too much this time? It's happened often enough. And besides, what motive would I possibly have for wanting to drug Tony?" Stone asks, spreading his hands wide.
"And do you remember Valentine's Day two years ago? Clint was supposed to pick up the cupcakes we ordered and when we opened the box from the bakery, turns out he grabbed the wrong one. We ended up with some poor bachelorette's cupcakes," Tony said, chuckling as he remembered the past events.
"It's a new restaurant. They just opened up a couple of months ago and have got nothing but good reviews and glowing recommendations," Steve explained, leaning back in his seat as he relaxed.
"So… about Steve. Are you two serious? Or is this just another one of your flings? If so, Tony, I gotta warn you, man, it's not going to end well," Rhodey says.
He watches Steve flinch, no doubt remembering two years ago when he did the same; left him to die in the cold of a Siberian bunker, his suit a deadweight.
He hated that this is what they've become; Tony hiding in his workshop and flying halfway around the world to be at meetings in countries that didn't even allow him to adjust to the different time zones before he had to leave for the next country, while he tired himself out going on missions that lasted three days minimum.
