His instincts and his self-preservation side were screaming no.
Dean swallowed and grabbed the cards, but Castiel held down a grin at her enthusiasm.
“Right?” said plump Dean. “I totally see Dean being BFF with Constantine.”
“Um, why don’t you give us a minute,” said Lisa to her friends, after assessing Dean’s confused state. She gently pulled Dean towards the kitchen as her friends remained in the living room, giggling. All of them. Except Amelia, who remained with the group, but kept a close eye on Dean. With no giggles or smile.
With his hands caressing his lower back, Dean busied his mouth on his stomach, as Castiel was running his fingers through Dean’s hair, taking in deep, slow breaths.
“Dean, we all have our issues. You’re not the only one who—he—the Empty—
(Proof of what I was saying about those two idiots in love.)
“Or what? What are you gonna do? You had maybe one good thing going for you and that was your element of surprise. Which you can’t use on me anymore.”
Either way, standing still was not a good idea, so they both continued their route, side by side.
Except for Sunday, when he had had company the night before.
“Yeah, well, this still sucks. And I’m sorry. I’m sorry it turned out this way for you. For all of you.”
And then Castiel retrieved his final item, a large green and black box.
“But it worked. I—I hadn’t realized that’s what you were doing, but the pain stopped the moment you—it worked.”
“Yes. Is it really safe to leave them here like this?” asked Jack, still staring at the box.
“Thanks. What about you? Were you here for a special occasion?”
“Why did you go outside?” asked Bobby
Castiel: My shift ends at the same time as last night. I’ll head straight home afterwards. Can we talk then?
But he had been very curious to find out what Sam had learned from the Boy King. Which was why, when Rowena told him that they had done everything they could until Dean and Castiel’s return and that he was now free to tend to other things, while she made herself a cup of tea, he decided to check on the prisoner.
He tried to slither himself between Dean and the entrance, but Dean didn’t budge.
Assuming he ever had a chance.
“No, but—”
Gabe: Could be better, but it’s a start.
“He’s telling the truth,” he said to them. “His mother, my aunt, is a Milton. Which makes him one, but his last name was never Milton.”
But as he felt Castiel’s fingers moving up his thigh, he knew that his touch was too intoxicating to refuse anymore.
And with him this close to him.
It hadn’t been surprising to Castiel that Sam and Dean had immediately shut down his idea. The boys weren’t known for having a
“I swear I’m telling the truth.”
And from that night on, Castiel and Dean conversed every night about something personal before going to sleep, always prompted by questions. They sometimes shared anecdotes of their past. Teenage years. Early Twenties. Last few years. Of their work and studies. And sometimes, they simply shared random opinions. They mostly stayed away from topics regarding their families or past relationships, however. Until one of them would bring it up, it meant that they weren’t ready to dwell on that subject yet. But they enjoyed learning about one another and catching up on the years they had missed.
“The first thing is that, yes, my complication was about Bela. I liked her and—but
An hour of Castiel talking himself out of this situation. Of resisting the urge to take a quick exit through the window.
“What?”
There was a moment of silence, when Gabriel was sipping on his cup of tea, convinced that Castiel was digesting their conversation.
Eager to put as much distance between him and
Castiel shifted his eyes in Dean’s direction. They held their stare for a brief moment, both smiling shyly, until both returned their gaze to the window.
“Dean, bringing us home would be a massive detour for you. And the faster you arrive for work, the faster you can come back home, right?” said Sam.
Sam was eyeing his brother with a growing smirk on his face. Dean was gazing at Castiel, as anxiety was spreading in his chest. And Castiel, bouncing his eyes back and forth between Sam and Dean, wondered by every second that passed why neither of them had moved.
“No. I am. I—I don’t know.” He put down his fork and knife and let out a deep sigh.
And given the look that Uriel gave him, it seemed like he knew Dean’s struggle to keep quiet.
When Castiel arrived at the entrance with his bag, Dean was waiting for him with only a small backpack as well.
“So, about what we were talking about before…” he whispered.
“Which means that we have to decide on who has the best chance of holding their ground against them.”
He sang, as it often cheered him up. He re-read old letters of Sam he had kept over the years, particularly the ones he remembered being funny.
“Of sorts, yes. And then, Kelly got pregnant. That was about the last thing I was expecting. And even more surprising was Kelly’s decision and how enticed I was at the idea.”
Still holding his hand, as though Dean was worried that he might disappear otherwise, Dean slid the kitchen chair closer, facing him.
He turned on his heels and dashed to his front door. He retrieved the beers, laid them on the counter and stared into space.
“After we deal with the car, we will also make a couple of stops.”
“When did you leave the party?” asked Mary.
Boiling with panic and anger, Dean felt his hands shape into fists. “Gordon, you said—”
And of course, Henriksen’s souvenir still of Castiel and Dean cuddling, with the words “Criminal Lovers Wanted.”
for him?”
Sam was blushing.
With his bunkmate now awake, they stared at each other, holding their breaths, and waiting for the other one to say something.
They knew.
“Um, I don’t know what the deal with
“All right. You know the drill,” he said to his men. “Primary team with me. We just need to report and set up a portal. Secondary team, guard duty.”
And when Sam arrived from school, the only thing Dean mastered to do was nod and mumble monosyllabic words.
Once the car was packed, and the apartment and shop were empty, Dean returned the keys to the owner who happened to live a few blocks from there.
“What?”
After bickering about who should take the bed (Dean insisted that Castiel should have the bed, but Castiel refused), Dean eventually consented to take the bed, only if Castiel would have it the next day.
How he had ever thought he wouldn’t be able to recognize him was beyond Castiel.
“This is Gabriel and Castiel,” said Naomi.
He had also obviously kept a few details to himself, notably the precise reason why he needed to stay in Montana for exactly six months. In other words, he had omitted the part about tying the knot.
“But you came to New York. To get me.”
And now I’m going back to Ketch’s annoying speech.
Were they the worst kind of people I had ever came across? No. Not even close. Like not even.
Or worse, if the faux-pas had been done by him without realizing it.
“You truly are adorable, Sam.
Dean took a deep breath and nodded.
And following Dean’s gaze, Castiel noticed a man wearing a polo shirt and cargo shorts, with a hat on, standing at the entrance.
Now was not the time for sentimentality. He would have plenty of time for that later, once home.
“So, would anyone care to explain to us what has been happening lately?” asked John.
Anna looked at him for a very long time.
“I’m surprised he didn’t do more. But then, as much as I was really fucking panicking, I was also kind of relieved. I don’t have to answer to him anymore.”
“My ship is the Impala67C.”
Thanksgiving had been well celebrated, with a delicious feast in good company at the ranch, where guests and employees alike had all dined in one of the main rooms like a loving family gathering. Everybody had been merry and on their best behaviour, and somehow, no unfortunate drama had occurred.
Except maybe for my own personal entertainment.
“Can I sit here?”
But as he continued walking towards him, Castiel told himself that, surely, he must be mistaken, and up until the very last second, he held on to that thought.
“More or less what you just told me,” whispered Castiel. “Wanting to share your time with them, especially in harsh times, I think that’s usually a big clue.”
Balthazar: And the way you talk, it seems that’s what you want. Serious.
This choice hadn’t been voiced by either of them specifically, but for the same reason why they avoided conversations about their marital status or plans for the summer, knowing how the other one felt, they left it at that for the moment.
is literally in the freaking title!”
“What? Not Friday night, right?” The worry in Dean’s voice made Castiel think that Dean was hoping to repeat their last Friday.
Castiel continued acting for the rest of the class as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
Castiel: I only sent it to Balthazar because he had asked.
Dean bit his bottom lip, still hesitating.
Castiel swallowed. “I’m glad to know this.”
Sam and Dean exchanged an embarrassed look.
Balthazar: I think you liked Hannah, that was obvious, but I’m not sure it was for the right reason.
They didn’t say much. I mean, they couldn’t anyway, as they were gagged, but they didn’t do much to acknowledge one another, I should say.
“I—I heard a few things and—I wanted to call to see if it was true, but I didn’t—I thought I should check with you first. So it won’t be—in case it’s not true or…”
thought Dean.
Nonetheless, aware that he would most likely wake Dean if he stayed in that manner for too long, Castiel, as gently as he could, craftily slid himself away from him and off the bed.
Dean lifted his eyes. Running his thumb over Castiel’s hand, he said, “I don’t mind where we go or what we do, Cas,” he said with a smile. “I just want to be with you.”
“Like, ever. In real life.”
As he crossed the dining room, he heard a commotion coming from another room to his left. Holding on tightly to the crowbar, Dean followed the noise down the hallway, sliding against the wall, until he finally reached the room at the end of the corridor.
“Yeah. Kind enough, yeah.”
“But do you want to find out?”
“How come? What happened?”
After hearing only a few notes of the opening sequence, Gabriel lowered his hands and stared at the screen, amused. “Wait, that’s your favourite Christmas movie?”
Still attempting to separate himself from the small group, he eased himself slightly to his left, eyeing the exit.
“Cas doesn’t work on Wednesdays.”
“Guess I’ll have to hold off to tell you until you’re free.”
And sure enough, after a quick look into the bathroom, where he could sense the humidity in the room, and assessed that the bathmat and shower curtain were damp, Castiel knew exactly where Dean had gone.
Experiencing the worst headache in the world, as well as a sharp pain all over his chest, Dean slowly felt himself go.
And after a quick kiss, Castiel took off his shirt. He then gently helped Dean out of his and let the gel pack fall on the floor. Brushing his fingers on Dean’s cool shoulder, he said, “Better?”
Dean chuckled at the sight of it. “Thanks. Although, it’s not the only thing I noticed your house was missing. In terms of Christmas decorations, I mean.”
Castiel went back to Mary and Sam and nervously gave his phone to Mary.
“So, where were you?” asked Sam, once Dean had dropped his phone on the nightstand and had slid himself under the covers. “It’s later than usual. And a weekday.”
“Do you really think it’s a good idea?” asked Dean.
“How do you know about the
“Who is this?” he repeated with agitation.
“No, it’s okay. I told you to ask anything you want. I, um, about a year ago, when Sam decided to move in with Jess, I was left with the task of finding a new roommate. Sam was gonna help and everything, but before he and Jess had even found a place of their own,” he said, after taking a deep breath, “I got a call from an old buddy of mine. Lee. We met after high school and we used to be pretty tight back then. He had had to leave town for a family thing a couple of years after that, but now he was back. And it was like no time had passed at all. We picked up right where we had left off. And since he needed a place to stay…I swear, it felt like the perfect solution had straight up fallen from the sky like magic.”
“I don’t think it counts,” said Castiel, smiling. “As a vacation, I mean. Although I am enjoying this immensely.”
And that was all Castiel had needed to hear.
She lifted an eyebrow and smiled at the corner of her mouth. She had difficulty buying that one and I can’t blame her.
Castiel listened. “You what?”
“I can be very persuasive,” said Dean smugly. Um, maybe a little too smugly.
‘in the background.’ They all knew it by heart and agreed it was never a bad time for a re-watch.
Dean turned around and pouted with his arms crossed over his chest.
Gabriel sighed. “Can I know who it is, now?” he asked his brother.
“They won’t. And trust me, they’d have bigger fish to fry.”
Dean swallowed. “It wasn’t just investors or—boarders, my own clients started to call too. Most of them simply said they’d leave, but some flat out threatened you.
For a short moment, he felt like his old self again.
Silence.
“Why not?”
“Why?”
“Yeah, to Mom.”
Sam stopped chewing.
They exited the shed and after Dean locked the door, he said, laughing, “
He let out a deep sigh.
“That’s not what I meant. Come on. Stop screwing with people. I’m legit about to have a nervous breakdown.”
“I think that you being at the house around Dean,” continued Sam, treading carefully, “it would be a good thing. Put things in perspective.”
“Well, what
“Mom, it’s okay. It’s not very far. Walking distance. A bit.”
It was. There was grunting involved, but Gabriel obliged.
Dean was right. Even if those missing artefacts were not to be ignored.
Which had rendered Dean completely still, fearing the rest of Sam’s tale.
“Then find someone to steal it with.”
“My business partner. Gabriel. We’ve been friends since college and we make a great team. I’m organized, he’s a people person, and we both like tea. So, somehow, we managed to pulled this off.”
Castiel had tried to climb off Dean’s bed once he had regained consciousness and Dean wanted none of it.
“Not sure.” Dean stepped closer. “I guess I’m doomed.”
After downing his drink, Dean then took notice of Godstiel’s general appearance. The left side of his coat was stained by blood and he was holding something metallic that looked like a drill.
“I just don’t want to hurt you.”
It had only been of him and Dean as children. They were lying on the grass, looking at the clouds and commenting on their shapes. But soon, Dean began to be incredibly specific in his descriptions. Even though the clouds remained of an abstract shape, Dean elaborated that one looked like the Lazarus Hotel. And another like Castiel’s family. And one of his relationship with Hannah.
Sam could not contain his smile.
“A gift. From a friend. Sort of.”
Dean nodded. “So looking forward to
Castiel didn’t lose any more time and walked away from Dean’s door like it had been set on fire. He passed Sam’s room and went back to the kitchen, which was now empty to Castiel’s partial relief.
“Don’t you have customers? It’s bad to ignore clients.”
Castiel drew another quick breath. He looked at Dean straight in the eyes and searched deep within himself for the courage that he felt he was lacking to finally say the words.
Embarrassingly long.
know about Crowley?” asked Chuck, surprised as everyone else at the table.
“Want to play with us, Dean?” said Castiel.
Castiel stood up from the bench, giving a shy bow as a thank you to the crowd. He was wearing a gorgeous, dark blue, three-pieces tuxedo, and Dean was convinced he was about to faint at the sight of him.
“Michael Milton.”
books.
While still holding his hand.
His heart was racing. Dean lowered his hand down his stomach, while he busied himself nibbling on his nipple.
But he was still nervous. Not about making a mistake, per se, but of something else.
“Seems like we are going to have to leave the bed.”
But neither of them spoke. They simply gazed in each other’s eyes, waiting to see if the other one would dare voice it. Would dare act on it, while being fully aware of the consequences.
“Sorry. I’m aware I should have asked before. And about your trip.”
One thing he began to do every night was take a night swim. Just enough to cool his body, making sleep bearable in the heavy heat.
“Would he do that?” asked Mary.
“What?” croaked Dean. “What about him? Hello?”
“Did you do this out of your own free will?”
And it troubled Dean deeply.
“Yes. Tomorrow.”
He had said it in such a soft voice, it was more painful to hear him say it like that than if he had yelled at him.
Sighing deeply, he finished his drink and dropped it on the counter, wondering what to do.
Dean was looking at the ceiling, ready to burst, while Castiel was trying to not look confused or offended. “What?”
“Ca—Mr. Novak,” said Garth. He made the introductions and tried desperately to explain what was the problem, but the guest cut him right off.
Castiel nodded.
Castiel bit hard on his lips, repressing a groan.
Choosing to follow him home had not been a complicated decision.
“That is very correct. But I must ask which one of my co-workers are you referring to?” inquired Castiel, now amused. “Is it Anna?”
“Same,” said Dean, following Castiel’s lead.
“Is that so? Because I know for a fact that you’re not opposed to wearing these, especially the delicate
An old desk with a thick layer of dust that Castiel didn’t remember from before was on the other side of the room. On the wall behind it, old photographs of the family were hanging. Dean next to Mary who was holding baby Sam. Dean siting on John’s shoulders.  John and Mary dancing at their wedding. And an old black and white photograph of a couple sitting on a swing that Castiel could discern were Henry and his wife Millie.
“Anything you need help with?”
It took Dean a long time to realize that he had been helplessly gawking at his new co-worker.
“Um, Dean hasn’t really been present this week.”
“Yes, sir.”
the right amount to hit that blissful mindset so everyone can have a good time.”
Which was very unlikely.
Cas: I forgot to tell him!!
Pursing his lips, Gabriel stared at them for a long time as he pondered on Sam’s suggestion. He then took a good look at the room which was exuding a high energy of excitement.
Cas: Last night.
“A little. I thought this was supposed to be our rain check from last night?”
Given that Dean was also extremely restricted with his free time, it had left him with very few options to trade with his co-workers, namely Monday or Tuesday night.
“Party? What party?”
Castiel made a face.
Castiel laughed. “That’s the million-dollar question, isn’t it? I don’t know. I thought I knew in my teenage years, but it turned out differently.”
“I live with my son and we weren’t expecting many visitors.”
Tasha was a spirited and kind woman, thought Castiel the moment he met her. They did a quick round of the place, where Castiel had the chance of meeting Alicia and Max, though rather briefly, as they were loading the hay in one of the trucks.
One, which lasted very shortly.
“I wasn’t. I mean, I was, but not like that. I meant it. And I mean it now.”
What was wrong with him?
Dean took a seat at the counter. “So, you’re still sure about this?” he asked.
And by laugh, I mean, tears were coming out of my eyes so much it was ridiculous.
“A lot of things happened to explain my condition,” said Catsiel.
Dean took a moment to absorb the enormity of what Castiel had just told him. Glancing at Castiel’s right hand, which he was still holding, he lifted it right up to his chin, ready to kiss it.
But it stopped.
He bit his lips and said, “Can we go to a museum? The American Writers Museum, to be exact?”
Castiel nodded, and as he walked towards the table, Dean pulled up a chair for Castiel to sit and then started adding food to his own plate.
Balthazar: Bye!
Castiel repositioned himself on his seat to look at Dean properly again, and said, “What was I saying before? Or was it you who was speaking?”
“Cas, I—I’m…thank you. I’m so happy Dean is there with you. And thank you for looking out for him. I hope that—I know that yesterday must have been scary for you too. I know it still scares me when I see it happening. Dean should have warned you.
“Still, it needs to be addressed.”
“Right. And, um, we’ll get to that shortly, but I really should check on our prisoner first.”
Gabe: Not important....right now?
“Isn’t that odd though?” asked his grandfather.
“They are already down for the night, Dean,” said Mary, noticing his confusion. “They were on low energy for the rest of the evening after we had dinner.” She turned to John. “We had Chinese food from that place you like,” she said, poking him on his chest.
A faint whine was heard.
with his grave and lustful voice would have been enough for Dean to be pushed off the edge. But once paired with the sight of him…Dean didn’t know what to do with himself. All he could do was to gaze at him as he felt his legs nearly giving out again.
“I still have my evenings Sunday through Tuesday.”
“Yes. Why?”
“I see. And this one,” said Dean, pointing at the largest one, amused.
Castiel barely had time to enter the room when Dean had already wrapped his hands around him, kissing the back of his neck. Castiel smiled and turned around, facing Dean. “Have something in mind, Winchester?”
“The stupid weather. And
“Okay, then,” said Dean. But he stayed put. He remained grounded, still looking at Castiel.
Dean shook his head. “No,” he said, lifting his hand. “We said we wouldn’t do it this year. We always say we’ll take the twenty-fourth off so we don’t rush in to Mom and Dad’s, and we always cave. We’re already working Sundays when we said we wouldn’t.”
Castiel turned his eyes to Dean, pleading for help. “Dean, what’s happening? Did I do something wrong.”
“But Dean, what about my job, I can’t just—just leave.”
Convinced these guys would be fine for the night, and feeling sleepy after their meat pies, they then decided to slowly get ready for bed themselves.
And up until he stepped in the doorway of the dungeon and assessed that the prisoner was still present and restrained, he had firmly believed that he would be satisfied with this confirmation and would leave the Boy King be.
If stopping was ill-advised when an unknown vehicle was following them aggressively, stopping for the police was out of the question.
Castiel stared at him in horror for his insinuation. “God, no. No. He—I was—I—nothing like that.”
“Even if we take one tower each, we still have to go through all of
Dinner consisted of a delicious honey-maple ham, cheesy mash potatoes, a panoply of roasted vegetables—which included garlic green beans, spiced Brussels sprouts and honey glazed carrots—and buttery rolls that Dean could have eaten by the dozen.
“So, the time and location we will send you will lead you to a car,” continued Zachariah. “It will be the only vehicle around, so there won’t be any confusion, and the keys will be hidden in the left fender. It won’t be the same car every time, nor the same location. Once you’ve reached the vehicle, you’ll text us a confirmation—just type in the license plate number—and then you’ll receive a new location, which is where Castiel will be waiting for you. I know,” said Zachariah, as he noticed Dean frowning, “it feels like a lot before you even get to the job itself, but we are just playing it safe. For your benefit.”
Not long after that, the waiter arrived to clear their table. They both thanked him and said their meal was delicious. Gabriel asked for one bill.
And then Castiel was inspired by an idea. “You said you read. We should find you one. And I think I know just the right section.”
“Um, I’m a little worried about you, not gonna lie.”
He looked down as he shifted on his seat.
“Me too.”
Bevell looked up and observed him. Ketch, who was waiting for her assessment, stared at her. She nodded and returned her attention to the monitor.
“Uncomfortable, Dean? About the things your brother might have done during his pleasant sojourn here with me? Do you want me to tell you?”
“I—I asked Grandpa if he could start showing me how to do more at the shop. I’ll be sixteen now. I can do more. And maybe it could give you a break once in a while.”
“Hi, there, Cas!” said Charlie, extending her arm. “I hope you don’t mind me crashing your evening. I needed a break from the office and Dean told me where he was. The pub is barely five minutes away, so...”
As though Castiel had read his mind, he seized the edge of his pants and helped him unbuckle his belt.
“It’s not simply that he declined, Gabe. It’s the way he said it…it was…I—I was sure—the day before it—and—I don’t get it. I’m a little confused.”
The street consisted mostly of little local shops, among a few cafés and restaurants. Dean often avoided Mass Street because he always perceived it to be too touristic for his taste.
The other three took hold of the last foe as fast as they could before he attempted anything else.
Beaming at him, Gabriel said, “Constantine misses nothing about that one, methinks.”
Gabe: Is this a clue!?
“What do you think Patrick is going to ask of me as a favour in the future?”
“All right. Anything else? What about the phones?” asked Dean, glad that Castiel was being helpful.
He smiled shyly and stated that all their personal items were held in a box in the room adjacent theirs.
“—in the Dean Cave,” said Dean, now understanding where the kid disappeared to in the evenings. “Good thing Mrs. B. fixed the TV.”
“Anywhere else he could be?”
And nearly lingering as much as he could, Dean’s eyes inevitably returned to Castiel. A moment of awkwardness passed, until Dean finally said, “So, you guys are enjoying your morning out?”
“Why don’t you call him now?”
Dean stopped mid-sentence and swallowed hard. He stirred on his seat and let out a deep breath, seemingly bracing himself for what was coming next.
Only the pie.
But because Sam, his brother, had insisted that he take part in the celebration, Dean had caved in and agreed to go.
Noticing his face, Castiel asked, “What is it?”
Gabriel followed his glance. “Dean’s room?”
Castiel nodded.
to the point of repressing groans every time the song played, Castiel had been jovial and energetic. He even hummed to the Christmas songs, tapping on the counter with his fingers to the beat. Like he actually seemed happy at the sound of them. Of him being at the booth.
And Sam rolled his eyes at him.
“I knew I shouldn’t have said anything,” groaned Castiel. “Look, real rational conversation here. About dreams—but still. Evidently, I understand what it could mean, especially considering the weird situation, but they are just dreams. You can’t really take this literally, right? So besides
Buried under thick bed covers, they whispered sweet things to each other until they eventually fell asleep soundly.
At the sight of the piece of paper, Dean looked at him curiously.
Dean had remained in his spot in front of the entrance, as if he was guarding it.
“You’re ridiculous, bitch.”
. The rain finally stopped.”
But he didn’t say it. And watching Castiel leave every night became particularly tougher when Dean remembered that there was a strong possibility—even certainty—Castiel would say his last goodbye in the near future.
“Pancakes at the Roadhouse. You know, that awesome diner on Carver? It has awesome strawberry syrup that just—anyways, that’s when I mentioned it to them.”
“We are in trouble. If we do this, we will be given answers and aid to restore our lives,” said Castiel.
The music and voices died down behind him.
He had no idea what he was experiencing in that instant, but whatever it was, he had never felt it before.
Both lying on their backs, they listened to the quietness of the room.
Dean, staring at him, reached out for his hand. “You mean, like Christmas.”
“Really?”
Castiel bit on his lips to hold down a moan.
And good-looking, too.
Dean stared at him, stunned. “Okay. That’s—how? And why?”
“Dean, bring Sam back to the car. I’ll be there in a moment. I just need a chat with Mr. Walker.”
As their panting increased, he brought both his hands to the sides of Castiel’s face, drawing him for a searing kiss. Sucking hard on his tongue, he then eased his hands down to Castiel’s ass and squeezed it.
Castiel, who had, no doubt, seen what had just happened.
Without success, regrettably.
“I—like your dad?”
“Are you close?”
It’s kind of adorable.
“I’m sorry, but do we—have we met before?”
Balthazar: I honestly had to bloody scroll back until I realized it was you.
“Home, Sam. I’m back home.”
He didn’t knock or ring the doorbell.
Then, please, by all means, why is that?”
Dean nodded proudly.
(and thank you to Dancia and Landrala!!)
“Can we wait a few minutes more?” asked Dean.
Shortly after, Jo waved at him, told him everyone was thinking of him, and returned to where she had come from.
Dean tried to say something, which Castiel was sure to be Sam’s name, but no sound came out. He immediately reached for his throat and winced the second his fingertips touched it.
Dean let out a huge sigh of relief. “That would be really something, Cas. I mean, you’re already helping enough as it is.”
“Dean, wait,” pleaded Castiel. He ran his hands in his hair and over his clothes, hoping it would fix his appearance.
“Look who’s asking questions now. Is this genetic?”
Only upon hearing these words did Castiel fully register how close they were standing from each other. It seemed only a moment ago that he had been tucked away in his corner, far away from Dean.
“Um, can we come in?”
They had been loud, and frankly, demanding. Dean wouldn’t go so far as to call them rude, but it had been clear that a few of the guests had been in dire need of some manners.
He deposited the note right next to the other three glasses of water he had left by Dean’s nightstand, making sure to not wake him.
“The frenzy is settling in, all right,” he sighed.
It was probably because, even if everyone remained respectable and kept their hands to themselves, he had a feeling that Dean would somehow enjoy it. Castiel could already see the smug grin on his face, looking at him as though he had won one over on him.
“I’m sure you’ll do just fine, Dean. I was just curious,” said Sam sincerely. “And how do you feel about it so far?”
,” Dean said, pulling on his arm.
And they both chuckled. Sam took care of the coffees, while Gabriel examined more attentively what was on Sam’s coffee table in front of him.
“You have Dean. You have. There isn’t much left to do for tonight. Besides, I think you’ve had enough today. Go, home.”
“You were so sad. So lonely and miserable.” He eased his hand on his shoulder, squeezing it. “You were so down on yourself, Dean. This constant battle within you of thinking that being here was a punishment you deserved. I couldn’t bear it. I like to think I had eased your pain all these years before, but I—I so wanted to do more. Much more. I thought company in the way you’re accustomed to would help. I wanted you to know you weren’t alone.”
Done with their drinks, Castiel took his and Dean’s mug, and put them away on his nightstand. Dean turned off the light, leaving only the crackling fire and the moon as a source of light.
“Are you making fun of me? Am I sad? Am I a sad person?”
“We are so fucked.”
That like Hess, and everyone else, they wanted Castiel away from the ranch and from Dean.
Gabe: With Dean???
“Oh, that I never know, I’m afraid. Typically, I have something else lined up for January, but I don’t this year.”
“That Dad wakes up and it’s past curfew and someone is still missing.”
And though the week had been long and tiresome, they were finally to meet again, this time at a nice restaurant called
“What about the ship? Dean said you crashed the ship.”
Dean shook his head anxiously. “I talked
Gabriel, who was sitting with his usual crew of misfits, looked up at Dean with a big smile. “Dean? To what do I owe this pleasure?”
Castiel showed him the sequence once more, slower this time, with Dean mimicking step by step, as best he could. At first, this method seemed to prove itself beneficial. While Dean certainly wasn’t executing them as quickly, nor as gracefully as Castiel, he was getting the hang of it. Halfway through the sequence, however, when Dean struggled with the position of his arms, he suddenly felt Castiel’s touch.
“Yeah. It probably wouldn’t be for long, as I’m sure everyone is busy, but they could fly in and stay a couple of days. We obviously have lots of room and their trip would be paid, no problem. What do you think?”
Sam: I have a confession to make.
And then, although he hadn’t said anything, Dean could sense that Castiel was standing behind him again.
And couldn’t phantom the idea that, soon, he would have to leave.
The other men exchanged anxious looks between them. Reggie was subtly directing himself towards the back door, while the other two were stepping forward.
Basically, even though he was completely fucked and this complicated his life 17678568877997
“I hadn’t noticed Daphne’s car so…”
“What do you have?”
went for midnight swims, but they usually grew tired of it after the first few nights. It wasn’t very difficult to know as they were rarely
Including Kevin. But after a quick chat with his friend, Sam learned that Kevin was hazy on many details from that night, not just Sam’s choice in companionship.
“How rare?”
Dean swallowed.
“Were they? Arguments?”
“Okay, wow. You—you almost got me there for a sec.” Dean took a big bite of his taco. “Anyway,” he said, returning to his story, “um, I—I don’t remember where I was in the—but when the doc showed up and all that, we finally got to leave and we—SHIT! MY CAR!” In his agitation, Dean tried to jump to his feet, but froze, half-hoisted up, when his brisk movement caused him pain. Clenching his jaw, he gripped the edge of the table to keep himself stable.
But Ellen appeared with an orange juice and a coffee at that precise moment. “Here you go. I hope that’s okay. You guys are pretty standard with those.”
. I—welcome.”
Sam barely had the time to stop the car and Dean was already opening his door, jumping out of the vehicle. He gunned for the entrance, took a deep breath, pulled on the door and stepped inside.
“I’d be lying if I didn’t say that everything you just mentioned wasn’t part of it. It is. But for me, it’s more than just about doing the right thing.” He paused for a second and ran his hand in his hair. “I—I’ve done a lot of bad things, lately. Like, really awful things. I’m pretty sure Dean will never fully forgive me and I can’t really blame him, because I’m not sure I can do that myself. What I did was—” he stopped, swallowing hard.
But they never got to hear the rest of his story because one of their colleagues, Miss Watt, stepped in and announced urgently that everyone needed to head to the main conference room.
To which Dean protested. Loudly.
Castiel frowned at him.
Gabriel opened his mouth, as though he was about to throw in another argument, but then shut his mouth, and with great effort, tried not to laugh.
In one whiff, everything came back to Castiel. After blowing on it, he took one spoonful and smiled. “This is so odd. I had completely forgotten about this chili until two minutes ago, and yet, now that I remember it, it tastes exactly the same. How did you make it? I thought…”
One look at Sam told him that he wasn’t the only one feeling this way. His brother was simply staring at the stage in utter disbelief. Bobby and Ellen seemed more annoyed than anything else, while Rufus was just plainly giggling as quietly as he could, sipping on his flask.
“Yeah, me too. The more I’m thinking about it, the more I’m looking forward to it.”
I thought, however, that a good impression wouldn’t hurt, so I had kindly invited them to my new home, away from the crazy families, and where I definitely had the upper hand if things turned ugly for me.
So, once they inspected the other rooms for good measure and that nothing else appeared to be missing, they decided that it was time for them to return to Sam and Jack.
He swallowed hard and decided to go near the large window across the room to avoid the bigger kids. He kneeled next to the Christmas tree, taking in the overwhelming scent of pine and cinnamon, and observed the room from this new angle, holding on tightly to his kite.
Apparently, Sam had realized too late that the tea and other herb blends he had sent Dean on the previous month could cause serious side effects, and advised him to stop consuming them immediately should he experience one of these symptoms.
“But these are perfect for you. They match your eyes.”
Castiel jumped at his name and realized he was standing next to his siblings and cousins.
Dean felt his smile creep onto his face.
How did he never clued in on this before? After all, Castiel had felt every one of Dean's emotions because of their connection. From his joy, down to his misery. All the ups and downs. It was then unlikely that
The upstairs consisted only of Dean’s bedroom, taking up the whole back half of the house.
Wrath. Holy, righteous wrath.
But then he heard a sound that wiped the smile off his face.
“No, you won’t do whatever you want?” Dean asked sarcastically, straightening and slipping the sheathed knife into the waistband of his jeans. “Alright, do what I want then, and shut the hell up.”
“But you—”
Dean laughed and pulled on Cas’ fist, drawing him closer. There were a scant few inches separating them now, and Cas felt his breath catch in his throat.
“Well,” Cas said. “Technically, you don’t
He stopped that line of thinking before he began compiling a list of all the things he wanted this particular archangel to do to him.
“You drive too?”
“Good,” Cas said. Dean sighed, looking just the tiniest bit more at peace. Cas asked, “Do you—I don’t know—feel better? Maybe that’s a stupid question, sorry.”
He wanted to believe those words were still true. But it had been so long. Dean knew how he still felt, but Cas? He was something new now. He’d been ‘reforged.’ What if the love he’d felt for Dean had been burned right out of him during his long shift into archangel? What if that’s what he’d come to tell him—that a powerful cosmic entity like him couldn’t be expected to waste his time with a washed-up former hunter.
A chill skittered down Cas’ spine. He took a breath. “Is he a monster?”
Cas’ eyes went wide and he swallowed hard. He looked like he was desperate to find something to say. Dean grinned.
Cas watched Sam’s face carefully, alert to any signs of dismay or disgust—he knew how humans could be. But Sam looked almost as happy as Cas felt. Almost.
For all Dean knew, Cas was just another part of the dream—the same deliverer that had come to draw him from Hell the first time. Cas saw no reason to tell him otherwise. He didn’t think Dean would thank him for intruding on his worst traumas, his worst fears about himself. So Cas kept it to himself.
Dean laughed. “Never heard your voice go that high.”
Cas’ chest still ached with sorrow for Dean, but it was accompanied now by abject wonder. How many times? How many times had he imagined this man in his arms, only to shove the thought away, scolding himself for wishing for the impossible? Of course, this wasn’t the loving caress he’d so often longed for, but God, this could be enough. Enough, just once, to be the one that Dean turned to in his darkest, most helpless moment. Enough, to be strong for Dean in the way Dean always managed to be strong for others. Enough, to press his hand against his chest, to lean forward and press his forehead into Dean’s hair, breathing in that
“Get up, you
“But that doesn’t explain why you’re never on the slab anymore, does it? No reason you couldn’t come into the dream to find me cutting you up.”
The man’s eyes lit. “Hell yeah, I stopped in Saginaw maybe once a month for about twenty years.”
“Because, I knew that one day, I wouldn’t be a desperate kid anymore. One day, I would be big, and strong, and scary. I’d turn into the thing that monsters run from. And I swore if I ever found one of them again, I’d kill them. I’d stop them from doing to anyone else what they did to me.”
Cas walked through the door Dean held open for him. “No need. Maybe next time.”
of him.
“Absolutely not,” Dean agreed proudly. “I don’t understand why so many people here just stop doing things for themselves as soon as they get here. I
Cas screwed up his face. “What’s a saltwater fish got to do with any of this?”
Cas went a little pale at that, but he nodded. “Twice now, you’ve looked at me and it’s felt like licking a flag pole in a lightning storm. Are you doing that?”
He nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I think so.”
“So the last two marks left from your life are the tattoo and my handprint?”
Dean moaned in his sleep and there, again, was the wash of desire. Cas shook his head, chuckling silently.
“Sorry. Didn’t mean to, I just—I wanted to come up here, too.”
Cas smiled. “You’ll get there.”
feel better. But the restlessness was still there. It always was. He was happy here—he truly was. He’d gotten his chance to rest and live a quiet life with his family at last, and it was
Cas stared. All Dean’s easiness of the last half hour was gone—replaced by something like wariness. Cas turned narrow eyes to the boss, but couldn’t see any sign that he might be more than he seemed. Dean had better instincts on a hunt than any of the warriors Cas had never known, though.  He knew what to look for better than Cas did, so Cas kept wary eyes on the mechanic too.
“Good. Because I’ve had a lot of monsters give me that same sob story. Vampires, werewolves, djinn, demons.
,” Dean demanded, landing a kick to Bill’s side.
was—”
“Oh, right. Well. Then do wait up. Or don’t. Do whatever you want.”
“That’s right.”
The rest of whatever he was trying to say was lost in a moan of pleasure as Dean arched his back and let Cas go deeper still. Dean felt tremors racing through his body at every noise he elicited from Cas. He’d never in his life gotten so much pleasure from giving pleasure to someone else.
“What I
“Right, but like—in hindsight.”
Again.
“Somehow, those breaks weren’t long enough for you to pop in and let me know you were ok. That you were alive. That you even fucking gave a damn.”
He cut that thought short. Took a breath. He stopped at the top of the stairs, turned and spread his arms wide, smiling down at Cas.
“Look, Cas, that was part of the appeal for these guys, ok? I was a kid, desperate enough to do what they wanted. They were willing to shell out, so I—like I said, I did what I had to.”
“God, no. Hunters I knew in life are great. Sam’s kid, mini Dean, he’s alright too. But everyone who came before and after just wants to talk about all those apocalypses we averted over and over and over again. Looking at the both of us like the sun shines out of our bunker.” Dean smiled. “Nah. No new friends for me.”
“I thought you’d want to run a bar?”
with them. Letting Gadreel possess Sam. Kevin’s death. All the shit I did and said when I was a demon. Everything with Dad. Making you leave when you were human. All the God-awful things I said to you after Mom died. Never—”
Dean tightened his grip on the edge of the counter, where his arms were still braced. His heart pounded in his chest and his breath came short, and all at once he realized that it hadn’t been the thrill of hunting monsters that he’d been missing all this time. That hadn’t been the feeling he’d been chasing at all. He bit his lip, relishing the feeling of anticipation for another moment more.
Cas opened his mouth, then closed it again. He took a breath. “I was scared to come.”
Dean thought a moment. “Every time I’d want a man, I’d think one of two things. Sometimes, I’d worry that those nights, what those men did to me—that it had changed me. Warped me. Like I was meant to be straight, but some part of them had rubbed off on me, and I’d become what they were.” Cas opened his mouth, but Dean put up a hand. “I know, I know, there’s a hell of a gap between wanting to be with a man and being a fucking child molester. They’re not the same thing. I know that, logically. But this wasn’t logical. This was… it was primal. A fear that the first time I climbed into one of their trucks I’d changed in a way I couldn’t take back.
Cas thought.
Cas trailed behind, smiling, as Dean led the way to the back door. He opened it with a flourish, and waved Cas through to the back porch. He followed, feeling his heart go quiet and calm at the sight of what awaited them.
Cas chuckled, working on his own mouthful. “You have a gift,” he managed to say.
“And?”
Cas stopped himself when he started to stroke the bridge of his nose back and forth through Dean’s hair, going cold at the thought of the mocking remarks Dean would make at his
This was another kind—this was the sort of silence that Dean descended into when tragedy struck. When he’d grit his teeth and bear the company of others only as long as he had to, waiting for the earliest opportunity to slip away to rage and throw things and punish himself in peace.
“Nah, not trucks. But I live out on the road. Based out of Saginaw though—you ever make your way through there?”
He smiled, leaned forward, kissed Dean long and soft.
Cas scowled. “Well, they had more practice than me.”
. It’s more like—”
“And because he loved you,” Dean interrupted.
Without hesitation, Dean fell sideways into the V between Cas’ propped-up knees and his chest. On pure instinct, Cas wrapped his arms around him—his right arm gripping tight to Dean’s chest and the crook of his left elbow cradling his head. He could feel the force of Dean’s crying against his own chest now, and he could only hope that Dean couldn’t feel the frantic pounding of Cas’ heart.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean held up a hand to stop him. “Don’t ruin it.”
“Bill,” Dean repeated, like he was tasting the name carefully. “What is it you retired from, Bill?”
He went quiet, bending to the work of putting the burgers on the buns he’d laid out on plates on the railing, already fully dressed. He narrowed his eyes, scrutinizing his work, then took an onion from his burger and put it on Cas’, and moved a single leaf of lettuce from Cas’ to his. He narrowed his eyes again, then nodded.
“I want to see you,” he said.
“Sam and Eileen will be back from the vampire hunt in Dallas soon. It’ll be good to see them.”
Dean shrugged. “Deader than a doornail now. Whip it out.”
. That made all the ways he failed seem so much bigger, so much more—I don’t know—disappointing. Because in my head, he was supposed to be the best man in the world.
Cas shot up. He hadn’t realized Dean was awake. Then the implication of what he’d said set in. He blanched. “Dean—Dean, I—”
“Dean, I’m sorry I—”
Dean shook his head, smiling at his dumb, nerdy angel in wonder. Cas could talk about the practicalities of why he chose to help Garth as much as he wanted, but Dean had a strong suspicion that he’d taken on this whole task just to get Dean his friend back.
Dean smiled, let that little comment soak into him, warming him. “I figure Hell wouldn’t have been so bad the second time around. Rowena would’ve gone easy on me, for sure. Well… maybe not for sure. But I’d have had a shot at sweet-talking her at least. But Purgatory? Wouldn’t’ve been the same without you.”
For the life of him, he didn’t know how to stop touching Dean, who was now sprawled half on top of him, snoring lightly. Every few seconds, Cas would smooth down his hair, run a finger down the groove of his spine, kiss the fingertips that rested on Cas’ collarbones, trace the faint outline of his own handprint on his shoulder. If Dean were still the light, angry sleeper that he’d once been, he’d have growled at Cas repeatedly for disturbing his sleep. Luckily, there was that new peace within Dean. Cas marveled at the beauty of Dean Winchester at peace.
Cas watched him for a minute or two, before starting, realizing he’d never really responded to Dean. But when he turned back to him, he saw that Dean was watching the boss mechanic too. Cas couldn’t see the look on his face, but there was something off about his stillness. He kept his eyes on Dean as the boss came over to them and held out his hand to shake Dean’s. Dean took it.
“Dean,” he whispered. “I’m not going
“I mean, I love you too. Idiot.” He was grinning bigger now, watching his words strike an answering note in Cas.
and uncertainties of Cas’ return, and smiled.
Cas reached out his hand, and Dean took it, let Cas pull him up and out of the chair. They stood for a long moment, linked by the clasped fists between their chests, and Cas thought that Dean might be able to feel that crackling heat that was radiating from him.
“Right.” He looked up at Dean from the corner of his eye. “Oh, shut up.”
Dean nodded, not trusting his voice. Cas kissed his neck, his shoulder, his back. He turned Dean and pushed his chest down to the bed. His fingers ripped at Dean’s jeans, pushing them down around his knees.
Dean didn’t look at him. “For years, I wouldn’t even acknowledge it. Just push it away, pretend it wasn’t there. Then, once, I was drunk, and alone, and met a guy at a bar, and… well, there was no denying it after that. But I
“Dean, what are you—”
Cas nodded.
It was no wonder the other folks in Heaven kept their distance.
Dean was about to take a big bite, but he paused, putting down the burger. “On purpose?”
Cas narrowed his eyes, but grinned. “You’d have liked Joseph. Daniel? You’d have punched him after five minutes.”
“Makes the whole world think I can’t take care of her myself,” he’d grumbled to Cas, as they watched the driver hitch Baby to his truck.
“At which point you’d resume exploding,” Dean said, his lips twitching.
Dean flicked the bullet chamber closed and faced Cas then. Cas almost had to take a step back at the look in Dean’s eyes. There was a bleakness there that Cas hadn’t seen in a long, long time. He’d first seen it when he’d broken into Hell and found a blood-soaked Dean looming over a poor soul stretched out on a slab. He’d seen it since, but not often. Not like this.
But then… it would probably just crop up again tomorrow night. Cas leaned his forehead against a column, smiling wider. His cheeks hurt. He couldn’t remember smiling this much… well, ever.
Cas was waves of celestial power, that swirled and beat against the seams of his vessel. His body. He harnessed one of those waves now, just a tendril, and flung it out of the palm of Jimmy’s hand.
Then, when Dean was nearly done, both Cas’ hands disappeared and gripped Dean’s hips again, hard. Cas grunted, thrusting into the hilt once. Twice. On the third thrust, he cried out, pressing so deep that a fresh wave of release came over Dean just as it had seemed to be subsiding.
As tempted as he was, Cas held himself back, let Dean sleep.
“Baby? Not much longer. He’s finishing up now.”
He felt Dean’s smile against his chest. “That’s not gonna happen.”
“Anyway, you didn’t answer my question. What is it you’ve been doing while you’ve been out there archangeling around.”
Dean clenched his jaw. “How many? How many were there?”
“But tonight… when he called you my boyfriend…” Cas’ stomach clenched and suddenly he wished he were far, far away. Dean shook his head, gave that tiny smile again. “It’s like it broke a spell. Because I realized that what I felt on those nights was desperation, fear, loneliness, helplessness. What those men felt was—God only knows. Desire for control, maybe. Wanting to feel big and strong by making someone else feel small and weak. They felt whatever it is a bully feels, mixed with some fucked-up lust.”
Cas sank down until his chest was flush with Dean’s back, and he began to pump his fist in time to his thrusting.
Dean shrugged again, but he felt tense and nervous all over. “Never told you. I was so happy you were back I didn’t want to look back at how bad it’d been. Just wanted to be happy with you.”
“God, I love a repair shop,” he said, leaning against the wall next to Cas, so close that their arms nearly touched. “I tell you, man, if I wasn’t hunter? This’d be the life for me.”
“I don’t sleep.”
Dean smiled then too, a wider, happier smile than Cas had ever seen him give. He looked out at the sunrise beginning to stretch across the sky. “Ok,” he whispered. “Good.”
“Yeah,” he said. “Well. Ditto.”
“He always left me in charge, so he’d leave the money with me. Sometimes—sometimes I’d lose the money. Or get mugged. Or dad would be gone longer than I’d thought he would be, and we’d run out. Usually, it was fine. I’d steal us food or clothes, when we needed them. When I got older, I’d pick up odd jobs in whatever town we were in. It was fine,” he repeated, as though reassuring himself that he’d always been able to find a way to take care of his brother.
, Cas?”
After a long while, he felt Cas stir on top of him, and move to pull away. Dean gripped his fingers tighter.
“No. It stays. Adds character to the room,” he said, grinning. He slapped Cas on the back. “Come on. You haven’t seen the piece de resistance, yet.”
“I think you don’t see me on the slab anymore because I forgave you for all those things you felt guilty for.”
, as you put it, that made me different from the rest of them. I think it was that crack that let the bits of humanness in. Let me become more, I don’t know, compassionate than other angels were. More independent. More… more stupid and chaotic, sometimes. But it let me feel… everything. Everything an angel wasn’t supposed to feel.”
Cas shrugged. “I’m ready to get back to the bunker.”
Cas blinked out at the yard surrounding the house, smiling sheepishly. No need to wonder what had made him lose control of his power last night. He wondered if he should fix it before Dean woke up—he might not appreciate Cas leaving his mark on his piece of land without asking.
,” he spat out the word, “so hard that he’d keep hurting them just for spite. Or for fun. I wouldn’t risk that.”
Dean asked him once why Cas never joined him in his dreams anymore, the way he’d done once before. Cas said something about the danger of interrupting REM cycles, and how Dean got little enough sleep as it was. But that was only half the truth.
“What are you looking at, Dean?” Cas rumbled in his ear.
All he knew was that he wanted to fucking brand himself on this creature before him. He wanted to make him burn and melt and shatter and become something new all over again. And when Cas came out on the other side, Dean wanted to have left marks on his body, he wanted his smell to be laced through his, he wanted what he’d done to him to play on a constant loop in Cas’ mind, making him blush when other people were watching. He wanted anyone who saw the angel to know that he was Dean’s.
The scene was always the same. A dark stone room, dank walls echoing with screams. Cas always found himself standing in one corner; in the opposite corner lurked Alastair, his pale, sneering face half in the shadow. The demon said nothing, just watched the center of the room.
Silence stretched between them once more, but this was a different silence. A comfortable one. A warm one. Cas breathed steady, trying not to let his focus stray to Dean’s thigh pressed against his and the torrent of heat and energy that spread from that touch through his whole body.
“No, really, I’ve been reassured now, thank you.”
Dean bit Cas’ lip and moaned in pleasure when he felt the finger enter him.
“—to play with a
“The hell does that mean?”
“Wasn’t too long after that last time, that I started chasing girls. I’d sleep with any woman who would have me, for
The fresh air through the wide-open garage doors looked preferable by far—but there was Dean to look after.
“Cas…”
Cas hesitated only a moment, then climbed out of the car. He needed to see him, to have eyes on him if nothing else. He never could bear the thought of Dean being alone.
“No?”
A fond smile lit Cas’ face. “That too. But he knew he wanted to remake Heaven, and he decided he needed an archangel to help him do it. He’s more hands-off, see—he keeps his focus spread everywhere so he can keep everything at balance. But an archangel could focus on one thing at a time. He didn’t trust any of the former ones enough to bring them back, so he resurrected me, and shoved me full of their old power. It… hurt.”
Cas couldn’t even begin to catalogue all the things he felt. He didn’t even try. But for all the chaos that raged through every part of his body, his mind was entirely empty, but for one, crystal clear thought.
His grin widened, remembering those activities that had lasted almost the whole of the night. The fierce passion of their first time had eased into a slow exploration of each other. Hands, lips, tongues touching everywhere that could be touched. Every urge and fantasy Cas had ever entertained fulfilled by those hours and hours of tireless pleasure.
, I—”
He pushed himself upright, raising his eyes up to the leafy canopy above him. He was just below the tree line behind his cabin. The dappled green light played across his face. He closed his eyes and sighed.
“Oh, I plan to test that theory, when I tell Sam and everyone else I’ve ever known.”
Dean looked at Cas, kissed him on the cheek. “Can you at least cut Sammy a path, so he can come have a cup of coffee?”
Bill went on, “I’ll tell you what I don’t remember—this voodoo shit you’re pulling now, holding me in this chair. Might’ve thought twice about buying what you were selling if I’d known you could do this.”
you?”
This was how Cas had first seen him—knife in hand, looming over some poor soul. Back then, his eyes had been dead, despairing. Cruel in their emptiness.
again—not that that would make much of a difference. Do you still value yourself so little that you’d be so careless with yourself? You’d put yourself at risk and make me live with having hurt you? You fucking
“Sam would try to tell me, back on Earth, how much Dad had fucked us up. Fucked
“Oh. Sorry.”
“Everything you could ever want.”
“Well?” Dean asked, almost a whisper.
Dean sighed. He almost smiled. “Speaks well of you, I guess,” he said. “It means I found truckers who would give me money for…it means I let them have sex with me, Cas. And I did things to them, too. Whatever they wanted me to. For money.”
Dean shrugged. “What do I know? Isn’t dream interpretation an angel thing?”
“Martha’s!” Bill exclaimed. “Shit, I haven’t thought about Martha’s in years.”
He didn’t notice. He was singing along and sending his axe thumping into another block of wood, splitting it in two. With the axe head, he swept the wood into a pile just to the side of the stump he was using for his chopping block, then lined up a new piece.
Dean didn’t say anything for a long moment, so Cas looked over to find that disbelieving look on his face that said Cas had gotten something wrong again. Dean rolled his eyes and grinned. “Never mind. Just trust me. It’d be awesome.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Never mind. Come in—unless you want an embossed invitation on parchment? Should I deliver it on bended knee, Your Highness?” Dean prayed Cas couldn’t hear how hard he was trying to sound normal.
Cas shrugged, running his finger in an idle circle on the table. “Remember what Chuck said? And Naomi? That I was the angel who came off the line with—”
Dean laughed. “Seem like sensible guys, those two.”
Bill tried to grin, winced, and spat blood onto his carpet. “I don’t want to fight you, boy. I want you to kill me. I know what I deserve.”
a liver. You’re more of a—”
Cas’ eyes were wide, and he looked more nervous than Dean had yet seen him. He looked about ready to say a thousand more excuses, but finally nodded. Dean smiled, satisfied, and leaned back in his chair. Then, he had an idea.
Not that he would mind, but—it just might make family dinners a bit awkward.
Cas didn’t say anything as they pulled out of the garage into the gathering dark. He didn’t say anything as Dean circled the block and parked in a shaded spot just within sight of the shop. He didn’t say anything as the sun set, and they watched the mechanics begin to stream out of the building. As they watched Bill emerge from the shop, close and lock the sliding door behind him, climb onto a motorcycle and pull out of the parking lot.
. If anyone deserves a spot in this place, it’s Garth.”
Dean nodded, but looked sad. “Usually, we let law enforcement take care of the human variety.”
Cas would have smiled at the nobility of this stupid human he loved if the look on Dean’s face didn’t break his heart.
“Did you carve these?” Cas asked, stroking a thumb along the tattooed face of a djinn.
“Dammit,” Cas muttered. “Sorry about that. Did I hurt you?”
Dean let out a low whistle. “I know the life, man. I was just saying that opening up a place like this would be a hell of a way to end up.”
There was nothing to fight here, no new traumas to heap on top of all the other bullshit that festered inside him. There was just time and space to take each old hurt out, one by one, remember it, deal with it, and let it go. It had taken time, but he had plenty of that, and no other ways to avoid doing the work.
Cas scowled. “I’m going to try as much as I can to dampen the light and energy, but it still may be too much. If it starts to hurt, close your eyes and put your head down right away and I’ll come back into my body. I won’t be able to speak to you without hurting you.”
part of Cas’ body that was usually covered in all those layers. He slid his hands up, then down, running his thumbs along the panes of his chest. He let his eyes stray downward, to where he could see Cas straining against the front of his slacks.
Most of the time, Dean was a riddle to him. He saw the world so differently than Cas did, reacted to everything in ways that Cas couldn’t predict. He was a fascinating puzzle—frustrating and beautiful.
“Stop mooning for a second and look at your yard, dumbass.”
“You don’t have to go on.”
“It’s not all bad,” Cas added. “Look what I can do now.” Cas gestured excitedly at the grass before them, and all at once the grass appeared to move. No, it wasn’t that the grass was moving—Dean squinted for a better look—it was that shoots were sprouting up among the grasses, climbing about knee high before thickening, growing leaves and buds that unfolded in fast-forward into massive sunflowers.
Not of Cas, he knew, despite the power pressing him into the chair. Not even of Bill, he thought, considering Dean’s eagerness to go and confront him.
He looked at Cas and found the angel was watching him. Again, that shock went through him. Again, Cas looked away.
He paused like he expected Cas to say something, but Cas was confused. “I don’t know what that means.”
“Well, didn’t you learn anything from them?”
Other tears had piled on top of them through the years, every time Dean hadn’t allowed himself to feel his own pain. So now all those tears—all those decades of tears—were being dredged up too.
It was full dark by the time Cas unlocked their motel room and stepped aside so Dean could come in with his bag.
Dean gave a terrible smile. “I’ve got angels watching over me.”
Cas was still trying to stammer out a response when Dean emerged onto the porch, shirtless, looking half-asleep. “Course he did,” he said to Sam, running a hand through his tousled hair. “I’m an excellent entertainer.”
“Ah,” Cas said, nodding like he already understood.
A sound came from behind him that nearly stopped his still-pounding heart. It was a sound he hadn’t heard since long before he died.
He’d imagined how it would go a million times, at least. There were days when he was so furious at the angel for staying away so long that he imagined their reunion as an all-out brawl. On some level, that was still a tempting option, but so much of Dean’s anger had abated over the years. A lifetime of seeing so much of the worst of the world had given his temper a hair trigger for all his life, but towards the end of his time on Earth—ever since a dying angel had told him that he wasn’t defined by his anger—he’d begun to try to get it under control. He’d kept that work up in Heaven.
“Whip it
Dean shuddered, pressing himself hard into Cas’ hand. His fingers gripped Cas’ sides so hard his knuckles went white. Cas’ other hand floated up and threaded itself through Dean’s hair. He closed his eyes and bit his lip, fighting for control. He opened them again—he felt just as feral as Cas looked.
Dean ignored how happy it made him to hear that. “Alright, then. Your other form. It isn’t right that I’ve never seen it.”
Well, Cas was tireless. He smiled down at the sleeping human in his arms, resisting the temptation to wake him and start all over again. He’d already done it once. Dean had grumbled for a moment at the interruption, until Cas had taken him in his mouth, trying to emulate and match all the techniques that Dean had used on him earlier—moves that had sent him to his knees. The grumbles had turned into gasps and moans, and then they were off to round three.
Cas shrugged. “I’ve evolved.”
Dean was watching him, almost wary. “Oh God, did I freak you out? Are you gonna run off to buy a pack of cigarettes or something and disappear forever?” There was a forced lightness in his voice, like he was joking, but Cas heard the note of fear beneath.
Without thinking, Dean leaned forward and put his hand on top of Cas’. Cas froze, eyes trained on Dean’s hand. “Thank you, Cas. I think you might be the first archangel I ever met who deserved the title.”
Cas was a riot of feelings that he didn’t have to catalogue or decipher—he’d figured out love a long time ago. Love was a swoop in the stomach, a giddiness in the chest, a lightness in the head. Love was the shifting of gravity, until his center lay in the heart of another. Love was the prickly feeling on the skin when Dean’s eyes were on him. It was the lingering warmth of Dean’s hand on his shoulder, the long-held stares in which he couldn’t help but let all the unsaid things shine out, the trembling sigh of relief when he heard the opening of the bunker door and the tread of Dean’s feet on the stairs after a dangerous hunt. Love was a joke being funnier when he could laugh at it with Dean; it was Dean’s pain becoming his own, Dean’s joy enhancing his own. Love was being willing to sacrifice himself for this man, again and again and again, and never regretting it even for a moment.
Dean pushed himself up from the ground and reached a hand down to Cas. “Of course you love me,” Dean said, pulling Cas to his feet, but not letting go of his hand. “I’m awesome.”
The figured that was Cas glided backward—more elegant than he ever was in Jimmy Novak’s body, but still giving off a frantic kind of energy. He motioned with his hands for Dean to back away, but Dean ignored him, despite the heat warming the front of his body as he approached.
His arms were crossed over his chest, and in spite of the fact that the room wasn’t properly lit, with the lighting of the street piercing through the bedroom window, Castiel could discern Dean’s hurt expression perfectly.
“Don’t worry,” he said, looking at him. “You’ll know. I won’t even need to tell you. It will be apparent.”
“S’okay.” Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder, using this moment to catch his breath.
And he certainly wondered
It had been such a random comment and Jack had said it so nonchalantly, that Castiel nearly started laughing. And judging by Dean’s expression, he hadn’t been the only one surprised by his words.
Until, that was, he learned of Sam and Jack’s presents.
Some people giggled. Dean nodded awkwardly, praying he didn’t look as embarrassed as he felt. After a harsh look, the teacher continued with the lesson and Dean nervously glanced at his friend.
The conversation ended soon after that. Crowley cleverly decided that he would only divulge Lucifer’s location once he was close enough to meet us halfway. As I mentioned earlier, I had a vague idea of where Lucifer was hiding, and if I was right, Crowley was indeed rather far away from there. No teleporters would do the trick, which meant the scenic route. And if he didn’t want to add any suspicion, he would then have to take the scenic
“Morning.”
Now, while everything I've mentioned above still stands, I think it is my absolute duty to mention that they were totally checking each other out.
“If you can find more allies, yes, I’m in. But that’s the only way. So start talking, who could help us?”
Seeing him earlier that day had been unexpected. The best kind of surprise. And even though they hadn’t ended on a bad note, he knew there was more to be said.
“If you buy them out,” he continued, “while being a problem for your wallet, I heard that you’re making new friends over at Kendricks. If they jump in after, that might help you balance the whole thing, no? You will have to delay a few projects, but it will keep this place running without making you dig your grave, I think. And of course, there’s me.”
But taking in his circumstances, he did no such thing. After everything, running away would most likely be a death sentence at this point.
His heart was beating fast. He was breathing heavily. And his cock was hard.
“You’re sure? It’s really not an issue.”
And yet, he couldn’t get rid of that awful feeling—that horrid pit in his stomach—that kissing her should have felt better than it had.
He knew he should say something, but with the feeling of his throat tightening, he knew that if he tried to utter one word in that moment, he would just fall apart.
“Mr. Dean Winchester, meet Mr. Castiel Novak. Your passenger.”
“The state you were in, Castiel!”
“I can’t make you come all the way back home just for that,” said Castiel, laughing. “It’s
“So gallant of you, Dean,” said Castiel, beaming at him. “But as Crowley pointed out, I am already involved in this. And I don’t mind doing my part. Quite frankly, I’m a bit confused as to what he believes I could possibly know. I—nothing I could tell him about the hotel—its employees or guests—is that scandalous. Nothing he could use as leverage, in any case.”
“What?”
But Castiel wasn’t utterly convinced of his response. So keeping his hands exactly where they were, he said, “Nothing needs to happen. Only if that’s what you want.”
“You left?” he said, exasperated.
“Who is he?” asked the other Sam, as he and the other Dean were finding their footing again.
Dean sighed.
He rested the bag on the counter.
“So, what I’m hearing,” Gabriel finally said, “is that Dean has to be the one to go after Cas and we have to make that happen.”
“Then what?”
give him sugar.”
Actually, it was much more an agreement than anything else. They consented they’d help each other out to reach Augure and from there, based on whatever council Missouri would give them, they would decide their own route to take. Respectively.
What had truly convinced him about the property, however, was when she had begun depicting the dreamy town and its occupants,
Dean let his head drop, as he exhaled out of relief.
Castiel stopped chewing. He swallowed quickly and said, “You didn’t. Not really.”
“Interesting,” was all he said and then gave a short nod at Zachariah to pursue.
Which was why everyone had been eager to immediately come to their help. Even the BMoL.
“No. Unless you know how the hell we’re supposed to contain these monsters?”
Castiel held his stare for a long minute, until he returned his focus on the road ahead.
“Because you obviously needed it.”
“Where?”
Cas: What?
That was when Dean had put his foot down.
Sam, Dean and Castiel exchanged a look.
Dean was about to call him a nerd, but then decided to keep it to himself since it was his birthday.
And he felt his heart grow heavy when they reached their original meeting spot, signalling the end of their evening.
And what Castiel wanted the most was Dean wanting him.
“Before we—I—my apologies for the speech of practicality here, but I just need to let you know that I’m clean. Whatever happens here, I—you don’t have to worry about that from me, okay?”
“No, just—”
And then he stopped dead. His jaw dropped and his eyes widened. Dean brushed his fingers on the back of his neck, hoping to be wrong, until he felt it.
“You shouldn’t be working, Dean,” said Castiel. “You’ll be able to get rid of the sling in a few days, but you’re still not supposed to do heavy lifting and all that for a while, remember? That’s what the doctor said.”
“Um, in the will, Granddad, he—he—basically it was said that I would be able to fully inherit the ranch, and everything about it, if I was married to you.”
Samuel had also made no additional comment regarding the conversation he and Dean had shared, which somehow only doubled Dean’s anxiety.
Castiel stared at him. Ishim took a sip of his drink. “I was there when it all fell apart. It was quite something to witness, quite the storm to weather. Many had to deal with bankruptcy. Tarnished reputation. Unemployment for so many people, it is almost embarrassing to say it out loud. And that’s for starters. I have to say, Mr. Novak, the very fact that I was associated with that company, it nearly destroyed every business opportunity I ever had afterwards. Or a chance for employment. And that was me. I was merely a low-level employee. I haven’t seen firsthand what it did to your father, but given the rumors, I can imagine. A fate, I was told, he shared with his children,” he said, looking down at Castiel.
“But you are not part of the council?”
He continued knocking and calling out Dean’s name in a pleading tone for what felt like an eternity to Dean.
Away from Castiel.
A massive dose of relief hit him when the bus began moving.
His voice had not broken, and had remained smooth and clear.
Thank you for reading! I'm glad to see you enjoyed the previous chapter haha and I hope this one was equally enjoyable ;)
“You’re in luck, because I do.”
“You like him.”
Castiel nodded.
“We are. It’s just…like you said.”
Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it!!!
No pull in his heart. No hum or deep breaths that had so often resonated through Dean. No sudden shift of calm that he had experienced since the moment he had resided on the mountain.
“Because she did.”
Just as they stepped into the diner, Dean’s phone buzzed. He pulled it out of his jacket. He bit his lower lip, staring at the notifications.
And retrieving these criminals was now a top priority.
“You’re too kind to say so. I’m afraid I’m a tad rusty.” And he put the blade down on the counter.
What he wanted in that moment was to reach for Castiel’s hand.
And if it hadn’t been for the car lights…
Seemingly unperturbed that Deanmon and Godstiel had disappeared, he was still chanting incantations, as he was pouring a silvery liquid on the stone.
This had been difficult before, but now, just thinking about the upcoming possibility was torturous. Castiel turned himself on his side, sighed deeply, and prayed he wouldn’t hear anything.
“I’ll be fine.”
!” She had said it in such a grave accusatory tone that it made Sam and Dean jump. “You!” she repeated, pointing her finger at Gabriel as she charged at him. “You—you’re the trickster!”
So, wanting to remedy the situation and ensure that their day wouldn’t be spoiled by its last moments, he decided to leave a note on Dean’s doormat early in the morning.
Dean nodded. “I will. And I’m perfectly fine right now.”
I am unable to say when I will be coming back, but I will inform you as soon as possible.
That’s when I understood. The brightness of the sun was too much for him. After being cooped up in that pod, dark room and who knows where else, direct sunlight was painful to him. Changing my angle, shielding him from the sun as much as I could, I immediately set off to one of the ships, where I knew he would not only be more comfortable, but also finally be safe.
Dean’s heart jumped, and even though he wondered if Castiel had truly meant it, or if he was simply trying to lessen the heaviness of the conversation, Dean nonetheless knew where he stood on that part.
At his signal, the two men who were holding Sam instantly let go of him. Sam walked away, not without hesitation, but at a cautious pace, fearing they would only reach out for him once more. He passed by Gordon slowly, and when he was finally within Dean’s grasp, Dean immediately seized his hoodie, and gently pushed Sam behind him, wanting to shield him from any additional harm. And though Sam stayed quiet, Dean felt him clutching on to the side of his jacket as he hid behind him.
, was the word? That was not my intention, so I’ll make sure it never happens again.”
Determined to remain calm and alert, he kept taking deep breaths and made sure to pay close attention to the surroundings.
So, he had waited it out, keeping an eye on the group, hoping that by the time his father came to pick him up they would still be there.
The second he turned the corner, however, he spotted a man staring at the grand mural over the small waterfall in the lobby.
“When I saw you, I—I just,” he stopped talking, took a deep breath, and crossed his arms tightly on his chest. “I couldn’t believe it when you said yes. I don’t know what my face looked like when you told me, but I just—I really thought you wouldn’t accept. Of course, there was this moment of instant relief when I realized the ranch would have a chance. Like a massive weight had been lifted off my shoulders.”
Lisa examined him briefly and gave him a small kiss. “Yes.” She rested her hands on his waist and leaned in closer to kiss him again. Dean returned the kiss despite himself. He tried to sell it, hoping it would make this massive pit in his stomach disappear.
“Daphne? And, um, who’s that?”
“I don’t like lying, so I really try to not do it if I don’t have to. But I—”
They finalized last-minute details, promised to keep each other in the loop until the end of Castiel’s vacation, and Daphne left right after lunch on Saturday.
Obviously, it was impossible for him to not hear anything at all either. But besides the guests’—at times—ostentatious airs, most of their conversations were rather boring, Dean had found.
“Correct. And it’s not the vehicle you want to find yourself in if you need to leave the premises in a hurry and disappear into the night.”
“What? No! I… I lost my ja—my keys. I couldn’t find my keys. I tried to go back, but it just… I just figured I’d leave the car there and go back for the keys today.” He sat back on his bed.
“I know you’re checking up on me. Thank you, but I swear I’m fine,” said Castiel on one late evening, dropping the Chinese food containers on his counter.
“Do you want me to?”
If Castiel had thought this was to be a quick kiss, just long enough for Dean to take the picture, he had been greatly mistaken. It seemed that Chastity wasn’t doing anything half-way, and long story short, with a deep kiss, hands running through his hair, and even a smooth slip of the tongue, she gave it her all.
“What were Sam and Jack talking about? They seemed to imply that you were…different.”
This was not a cheap suit.
“Yes,” Chuck said calmly. “I know so. Just like how I know you aren’t saying this seriously.”
As for Dean, while I had never met him, I had certainly heard of him. Prior to the massive alert spread across the galaxy, of course. And I have to say, considering where he came from, I was expecting someone a little more squarish than him. So, that was a nice surprise.
“Dean? Can I ask a question?”
“I confess it might be a present for Jack as well. Though I did put in something else too.”
Thus, in addition to coming to work one hour earlier than usual (to compensate for his tricky schedule of December), he would now also stay another hour on the days he could manage to catch up.
“Sammy, hey. I—I’m sorry, but it’s really not a good time right now.”
Dean took a deep breath. “I—I don’t work for the airline anymore.”
Truth be told, Sam was struggling. He didn’t feel bad about the night before. Embarrassed about certain parts, perhaps, but he didn’t have a pit in his stomach or a dreadful feeling that something had gone wrong.
His job.
In his Economics class that same morning, Dean was sitting next to Castiel. He had never been more thrilled to be in Economics. Not because of the class itself, obviously, but rather because it was finally just the two of them. No Lisa. No Sam. No Benny. No one.
“We are.”
“Please, call me Castiel. Or Cas,” he said, suddenly feeling doubly exposed at hearing his last name. “But even if you knew of my arrival, how did you know who I was?”
, by the way, which I really enjoyed. Thank you for the tip.”
Once on the first floor, he let out a massive sigh, as he stretched on the bottom step of the stairs. A quick glance from his living room window and Castiel noticed that a massive snowfall had occurred during the night.
Daylight made itself known, and for the next few hours, they had fun watching old western movies, sitting on the couch comfortably next to each other. Just like at Christmas, Castiel found it incredibly tempting to simply let his head fall on Dean’s shoulder and peacefully doze off.
“All you had to do was to take the money—which was far more than what you deserve—let the brothers go, and pray that no one of real importance ever heard a word of this,” continued Castiel. “Personally, I sincerely doubted that it would be likely. But maybe, had you been smart about it, it could have worked out in your favour. But now…”
“I—then, why did you just—Dean,” Castiel said, trying to resist Dean’s pull. “You just told me you fixed—that you talked things out with her!” He hadn’t yelled, knowing they would be in trouble if Mary overheard them, but his words had been expressed with more snappiness than he had intended.
They also had made a point of keeping things professional during business hours. The job was already stressful, as was the act of sneaking around, so they reasoned it would be best to not add unnecessary pressure during the drives.
“Okay. I mean, I—” Sam cleared his throat. “Where are my clothes?”
On the fourth day, however, he dragged his feet to the car and glanced at the house in a moment of weakness.
“All right, listen up, you punks! I have a bad news,” said Rufus, the football coach, on Friday morning in the locker room. “Well, it could be good news. It depends which way you wanna look at it.” The whole football team had been called in for an emergency meeting, which created a lot of anxiety in the air on a day of a big game. “I don’t know the specifics yet, but I’ve just been informed this morning that tonight’s game is cancelled.”
Until it wasn’t.
Thus, at Dean’s suggestion, he and Castiel began preparing themselves a semi-feast of cheeseburgers, hot dogs, homemade steak cut fries, roasted cherry tomatoes with garlic, as well as grilled peppers and asparagus. All of it with cold beers and a delicious pie for dessert.
“I can’t decide if this is kind of gross or not,” said Dean. But then he wrapped his hand over Castiel’s slippery cock, and after hearing Castiel groan, he decided that this was actually fucking perfect.
There was a short pause and then Castiel said, “I—I understand now.” Dean said nothing and simply stared at him, which prompted Castiel to add, “I mean, I understood before, but I—I really get it now. Why you—” and he bit his lips, stopping mid-sentence. He turned himself to look at the room. He remained that way for a long minute as he observed the crowd conversing with enthusiasm. He then turned around, put down his plate as well and said, “Do you want to leave?”
“I’m not lying. I wouldn’t lie. Not about this and not to you.”
“Don’t be,” said Castiel. “I understand where that one came from. Dating had never really been a big concern of mine, even before Jack was born. After his birth and with everything that happened with Kelly, it became even less of a concern.”
Gaping at him, Castiel licked his own lips, and traced Dean’s jawline with his thumb. Dean swallowed hard and opened his eyes. And following Castiel’s lead, he let go of Castiel’s hand and grazed the side of his face with his fingertips.
At first, Castiel thought it was a framed photograph. A large one like people often used for professional portraits.
Mrs. Moseley might not have known where Sam was, but she definitely knew things.
He held his breath when he saw the black SUV pass by, rather urgently, and then the police.
Sam held his breath.
Sam: Cas, no.
Just before he was about to check his pantry, however, Dean, leaning on the counter, said, “Thank you for telling me your story. I—I really liked it. I liked hearing about you. I liked the way you told your story. It still sounded like a fairy tale. A better one than the actual fairy tale.”
“Then, who?”
Dean took hold of him just in time, and with his help, Castiel remained vertical, while leaning on the armchair.
But he wasn’t ready to speak yet, so he stubbornly carried on in this fashion.
He tried to listen carefully, being as alert as he could, but soon, weariness caught up to him as well. His eyelids became heavier and he eventually fell into a deep sleep.
“But that’s what I like about yours. It’s not basic. It’s a
Dean let out a massive amount of swearing that impresses even me. “You’re Amara’s bitch, now?” Dean asked. “I hope you don’t see this as a promotion, because trust me when I say this: it ain’t.”
“Well! Explain?” said John. He wasn’t yelling anymore, but he was using his drill sergeant tone. A tone he only used when he was genuinely upset.
I’m not exactly sure how they succeeded in their escape, but I’m going to be super nice and say they executed that exploit with grace and poise.
Becky, the Winchesters and Castiel were crossing the parking lot towards them.
Well, Samuel was
Clenching his jaw, Dean said, “You suck, you know that?”
After a long pause, Sam said, “I see.” Sam hadn’t laughed, but Dean knew full well his brother was most likely holding down a massive fit of laughter. “I’m—wait, aren’t those usually managed by volunteers? And it’s for donations or—”
“I know. But I’ll help if you want.”
“It’s not the worst one,” mumbled Castiel.
“And they were angry about that, and I tried to explain but—” he gestured helplessly.
“Just a misunderstanding, that’s all. But it’s done, now.”
With the dark SUV keeping up behind them.
Dean just kept staring back and forth between his shirt and Castiel’s face.
Or perhaps it was because their entire interactions—jobs or otherwise—had demanded discretion from them both since day one.
Nevertheless, the point remained that on that morning, Castiel, listening to Dean masturbating, could not master the will to leave the room and give Dean his privacy.
And while not all was, perhaps, lost, given whom he was staring at in that very moment, he also was fully aware that this shouldn’t have happened and that he was responsible for this disaster.
“This is so cool,” said Sam, stunned. “If it wasn’t for the fact that it literally changes every ten seconds, I’d think it was real.”
She also had brought some crayons for Jack, who immediately folded the menu and began drawing on the paper tablecloth.
Not sure what to say, Castiel nodded and said, “If it comes to that, I will.”
As he was cutting Jack’s waffles, he noticed that his son was examining him with attention. Not him cutting his waffles, but rather him, Castiel.
Since attempting any element of surprise seemed rather pointless, given that the team had been purposely lured there, they simply turned onto their street and parked the car right in front of the house.
Holding it backwards, he hit one of them in the head with the blunt end before they could notice his presence. The guy dropped to the floor, and Dean did the same to the other guy.
“—but there is a certain balance in the universe to respect. For example, I couldn’t create years out of thin air. I took some and gave some. They were redistributed. What you put out there will come back to you. That sort of thing.”
Dean had lied to him.
“She didn’t even let me in and she, um, told me a bunch of stuff…”
“Cas, can I—tell me what to do.”
And as they both slurped—loudly—they quickly became extremely self-conscious about the whole ordeal.
“There was a fire.”
Yes, my siblings really fucking need to get over shit. Or at least, they should get with the program and admit that Metatron was the fucker of that story.
“Yeah?”
“Well, maybe that’s the biggest clue. So, Dean, I’d like you to give me the letter and send me those emails.” He nodded, pulling up his phone. “And if anything else like this ever happens, to either of you,” she said, turning to Castiel as well, “I’d like to be informed.”
He informed Dean that he had found a set of backgammon in the living room buffet a few days before.
“Imagine our surprise,” she continued, “when we realized an anomaly in our system indicating that there are two James Novaks listed in our records. This James Novak,” she said, projecting a frame onto the wall of a man in cryo sleep, “is serving his sentence at the facility we hold in our headquarters. You two look alike.”
Castiel approached the studious one, showed him his bound hands and pointed at his face.
Castiel Novak had always done the right thing to the best of his abilities. His life, though perhaps not filled with excitement, was far from being awful.
“Shopping,” Dean added nervously.
“So you three decided to visit?”
They were shortly interrupted by the sound of the bell, which made them break apart. Knowing that they were both heading for the same class, Dean suggested accompanying her to her locker, and then a quick stop at his, before going to English together. Following Lisa to class, Dean walked numbly through the crowd.
And even though everything Dean had just said made perfect sense to Castiel, he couldn’t help but think that there was more to this story than Dean was telling him.
Castiel pursed his lips, looking downwards.
“Hi,” he answered back.
“‘Night, Gabe.”
“Gabe,” said Castiel, putting his phone away, resisting the urge to text Gabriel Sam’s exact words. “Apparently, I suck and I’m on a power trip,” he said as he fluffed one of the pillows on his side to be more comfortable.
She had even wished for him to have a good time, and to give Dean all her sympathies for his grandfather, hoping he was doing okay.
So those bullshitters claimed.
“Somehow I feel like that answer was improvised.”
“And?”
“I knew this would happen.”
With no Castiel.
Castiel opened his mouth to reply, but shut it quickly. After taking a moment to compose himself, he said, “It is Dean who came to me with this information. Not a lawyer or a representative. He came here, himself, accompanied by his remaining family members, even though they must have a million other obligations they should be dealing with at the moment, including Mr. Winchester’s funeral. He spoke to me. Presented me his research.
Sam’s heart dropped, however, when he found out that it was closed for the night. Hopeful that Gabriel might still be present, he knocked loudly on the front door for a long time, and even called and texted him to let him know he was at the door.
“Like I said, I could check for additional footage, but oops,” he said as he typed something. “It’s all gone. This,” he said, pointing at the image of Castiel and Dean, “is the only thing left in the record. Lord Dean Winchester, from goddamn Venandi itself, slumming it away, half-naked, in bed with a prisoner fresh out of cryo—and yeah, we all know these shitheads are serious—on a prisoner cargo ship that happens to be co-owned by three different federations, none of which are Venandi. With crew and prisoners missing. And one dead alien to top it all off.”
Everyone else who had taken the time to reply were, like Balthazar, unfortunately not able to distance themselves from work.
Castiel nodded.
It was at this moment that a dark-haired man, wearing a bright blue apron, finally appeared from the back room. “Happy Thanksgiving and welcome to
“Were you drinking?”
“I know,” said Dean, cutting him off. The thought was enough to make him sick. “I just—I don’t want us to fuck it up. And I really wish we knew what to expect.”
And rare were those who didn’t mind abiding by it. People needed to fill the silence. Needed something to happen.
He cleared his throat, and then quickly showed Castiel where the equipment was, which took less than a minute.
“She’s here.”
The burger joint turned out to be amazing. It had been crowded, thus not utterly awkward, but not too crowded, so they had been able to actually hear each other without having to yell over the noise. The food had been delicious and the casual ambiance of the place had lowered the pressure of the night, much to Dean’s relief. It even had pool tables and Dean had been thrilled to learn that Lisa not only liked pool, but she was also an excellent player.
Dean swallowed and took hold of it. He stared at it a moment and then met Sam’s eyes.
And slowly, they quite inexplicably fell asleep.
’s the important part of the story.”
“I don’t want to sound lazy, but you’re a saint to work. I can’t honestly say I would have done the same.”
So, he grabbed his phone with some apprehension and sure enough, without even checking the caller ID, his hypothesis was confirmed the instant he answered it.
It was difficult. Many times, the lack of results or even indication that Castiel existed was discouraging.
Wondering what on earth he could say to him to make him understand.
He entered his room, dropped the dirty clothes in the empty basket and lay the jackets on his bed. He ran his hands over his face, discouraged, and let out a loud sigh.
“True.”
A few minutes later, Sam and Dean spotted the shop in question down the street.
“What? Too forward?”
Castiel, feeling his eyes prickling, fought back his tears.
“Why aren’t you answering your phone?” he asked his brother. “Hey there, Sammy. Eating your vegetables, I see. Good for you.”
He shot him a murderous look, shook his head and then turned his gaze to Castiel, for support and explanation. But Castiel, after a brief hesitation, nodded at Dean to follow the gatekeeper’s instruction.
“You do realize this was for you, right? Like we’re supposed to be celebrating for you.”
Unable to contain his laughter, Gabriel tittered at him. Feeling exasperated, he took hold of Castiel’s shoulders and looked him straight in the eye. “Cas, trust me when I say this: that quest of yours is even more pointless. If Father wanted to do something about it, or be a part of this, or
Pressing himself against him further, Dean felt Castiel’s hand ease down on his back and reach for the edge of his shirt. He slid his hand underneath it and caressed his skin.
Of the Boy King's proposal to join his team.
Castiel nodded.
“Right. Well, about that,” said Gabriel, letting out a short laugh, “I have good news and bad news. The good news is that I know Crowley and his location.”
“And what happened to Castiel?” asked Mary.
Which Dean would have described as lean and firm. To begin with.
“Better. Not—not great. Mostly emba—but better. Somehow I feel like you had something to do with that?”
Castiel did as he was told, but he was still curious. “That’s not—who is that?” he asked, after they both hit their chairs against the window, which shattered in million pieces.
Letting the hunger and intensity grow again.
The next few days had not been kind to Dean. He barely slept or ate. His mind and emotions had been all over the place.
When Castiel reopened the door, Dean was leaning on the ramp of the porch watching the snow falling.
And it was starting to show.
But she was the only thing there.
“I’m upset about my situation. Not my situation at the ranch, but out there,” he said, gesturing into empty space. He took a deep breath, taking a moment, and then added, “And for what it’s worth, I too wish I would have come here for a different reason.”
It was unfortunate, however, that Dean had solely focused on the noise. Had he let his neighbour introduce himself properly, and politely, he would have learned that Castiel was the only vacationer next door.
Listen, I know a lot people might have told you that this is a tale of epic bravery. How they stood up for justice and all that.
And this realization rendered him incredibly nervous.
Reluctantly. And still bitter, considering Castiel and Dean’s escape. But more on that later.
“Yeah. I think it’s in Styne, the next town over, for the next two weeks though. They decided to change the location every once in a while to maximize access for everyone.”
While he had experienced writing blockage before, something told him that this was different.
Dean then gripped Castiel’s waist, for a better hold, and began thrusting into Castiel’s hand, whispering his name.
“So, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Sam nodded.
Not far behind them, a woman was apprehended by two security guards.
On his way home, with the town and the summer barbeque behind him, Dean soon noticed the tension in his shoulders drastically lessen. His breathing was much calmer, and by the time he turned onto the familiar small dirt road leading to his house, the state of panic, which had plagued his whole body less than half an hour ago, had now dissipated.
And while this was a rather nice compliment, Castiel was a tad confused by it. He vaguely remembered Dean mentioning a complication about the housing arrangement when he had first visited the apartment. But it hadn’t been anything as dire as what Sam was implying here, which had been why, until a moment ago, Castiel hadn’t pondered on the matter that deeply.
And Sam rolled his eyes at him.
Dean gaped at him and, after eyeing the big box some more, he tore the paper off.
Scanning his face like he was trying to discern a lie, Dean whispered, “How? How can you possibly know this?”
Sam suddenly froze. “Dean, no, I don’t—”
“When we are at the…appointments,” he said, with a sour look on his face, “it would be best that you stayed in the car. Not just by the car, but
But he was also polite. He never looked down on Dean. Nor did he ignore him.
Which was an alarming fact to Sam.
“Yeah.”
with the lovely people present.
Even though the air had been cold when they had woken up, it wasn’t as frigid outside as they had feared. They still dressed properly.
He dropped the green pair of boxers on the table and, quite casually, he suggested, “I am suddenly starving. Want to grab something to eat before we continue?”
Nor the last time he had felt so whole.
Henry paused, seemingly amused, and took one last good look at Castiel. “Consider it done. One day, perhaps, you could grant us a visit. You’re always welcome.”
Cas: I’m still not telling you.
Castiel: Because you probably are.
“I’m not saying this out of arrogance, Dean. I just don’t want you to isolate yourself because you’re convinced it’s going to turn bad. I don’t care if it’s just hanging out with friends and co-workers. Just, please, the only thing I ask is that you don’t stay hidden here. Call me or Jess anytime.”
