“How long before?”
Bucky flops down on the bed and lays on his back, staring up at the ceiling and thinking about his day. When he was more Winter Soldier than anyone else, he would have never confronted so many people so directly.
Tony nods solemnly. “I would.”
“Bruce,” he interrupts, and smiles wryly when both men turn to him. “I’m going to call Dr Matty. I don’t think this was just a fight,” he says quietly, and Bruce nods, gesturing back at Steve as he replies, “You do that. I’ll just take care of this.”
The journey took a little over forty minutes, and Bucky’s been drifting in and out of sleep the entire time, staying awake enough to register the hushed whispering that floats between the two in front, but not nearly enough to understand what words are actually being spoken.
The muffled crunching of wood alerts Tony to the man standing in the doorway of their kitchen. There’s a dent in the wood from Steve’s fingers, deep grooves where the wood gave way and splintered apart. His hands are white-knuckled, and Tony knows if he doesn’t stop squeezing he’s going to carve a hole clean through the frame.
Bucky’s temper, which has been simmering since Steve had handed him that stupid fucking tea, suddenly flares up, and he can’t see for the rage clouding his vision.
He walks in quickly, ignoring his aching back and the way he’s breathing like he just ran a goddamn marathon.
Steve takes a deep breath, and locks eyes with Tony, his eyes taking on the resigned look of a man going to war, unsure of whether he’ll come back. “It was too much,” he whispers, and flexes his wrists on the table, twining his fingers together.
“Get ahold of yourself, Stark,” he tells himself sternly.
Stevie,” Bucky chokes out, and he stares at the ground. “But it isn’t
Bucky traces his hands lightly over the delicate petals of the wildflowers Natahsa’s started painting along one wall, admiring the colors silently.
“There were little vials of poison in the arm up near your shoulder, and some of it was released into the arm to mess up the few nerve receptors you have, but most of it was deposited into the bloodstream at your shoulder. Enough poison to kill me in a few minutes,” he adds as an afterthought, as if what he’s just said is not going to fuel Bucky’s nightmares for a week.
His heart is making another valiant effort to jump out of his chest, even just thinking of seeing Tony or Steve again, but he’s also looking forward to his nice warm bed, or a bath... He sighs just thinking about it, the sound mirrored by the elevator a second later when the doors slide open.
(See the end of the chapter for
this,” he says, and Bucky nods in agreement. “Is this one of those little red raccoon things they have at the zoo?”
Steve shakes his head. “Not like she’s yours,” he whispers, and Tony inclines his head a bit, because that’s true, but…
Rhodey want from Steve? And that’s when he realized… he might be pissed at Steve for what he did, he might hate him for all the emotional pain he put Tony through, but it’s over now. Tony seems happy with the other centenarian in the tower, and he seems to have made peace with the fact that he’s going to have a baby, even showing a little excitement. It’s obvious that Steve not being there for him and his growing daughter is tearing him up inside, but that’s because Tony Stark has always gotten attached to people too fast. Rhodey is confident he’ll get over it, especially with Bucky now in the picture.
There’s a brief spell of silence. It’s too much.
“Fine,” he grumbles, and forces the corner of his mouth to not twitch when Tony beams at him. He gets to his knees before his boyfriend and avoids any stray thoughts about the position, instead focusing on gently kneading Tony’s feet through his socks.
“Tony…”
“Are we playing twenty questions now, is that what we’re doing?”
” Bucky says, laughing, “Thor says it’s a flerken. It’s another animal, apparently. Has tentacles, or something.” Bucky wiggles his fingers a little, and Tony cuffs him upside the head.
thor gets creative with some animal nametags and the animals he puts the tags on, steve has a bad day, tony gets surprised with some door painting
“Give me a second to get my suit,” Tony tells him.
He sets a tea bag into the hot water-filled mug and leaves it to steep while he takes his time cutting the apple, only putting the slices on a plate when the tea is ready.
She nods sympathetically and walks over to gather him in her arms, stroking his hair as he shakes against her shoulder. She’s soft and warm, and Tony knows it’s pathetic, but he can’t help but feel safe with her.
It had been so fucking easy to just walk away from a withdrawing Tony, so fucking easy to hide under the guise of needing to find Bucky, so
The alarm goes off in the middle of the night, only a couple of minutes after midnight. Tony’s down in his workshop fixing one of his suits when the piercing shriek of the alert goes off, making him startle and nearly burn his hand off with his soldering iron.
did this? You asked him?”
“Dude,” Clint says, his whole face widening into a smile. “You guys are goin’ to see each other naked!”
Belatedly, Bucky finds himself thinking of Natasha again. How many hours has she spent in this room with just her and the paint fumes, painting delicate petals with strokes of a brush?
The slightly mocking nickname makes Steve’s eyes narrow, but instead of rising to the bait like he usually would, he took a deep breath. “There’s something I need you to do for me,” he says carefully, cautiously.
Steve keeps his face impassive. “I was your boyfriend first,” he finally says, slowly. “And Tony’s pregnant because of me.”
“I’m not in love with him,” Bucky grumbles immediately, but suddenly finds it even harder to look the man in the eyes, and wow, isn’t that something he needs to investigate… never.
A steady hand runs through his hair gently before sliding down to stroke the nape of his neck, two fingers pressing lightly into his skin, giving him points to ground himself on.
He had sat up as quickly as he could, and squinted across the room, willing his eyes to adjust to the poor lighting faster. The sight that greeted him made him freeze.
“Sure.” Bucky feels something inside of him solidify comfortably as Tony hands him a paint roller and a bucket of paint, balancing them both in his one arm. Because this? Receiving orders and following through with them? That’s something he’s used to, something that’s second nature.
There’s a delicious smell coming through the open doors and from the food people are carrying out, and Bucky’s stomach rumbles happily. He’s still hesitant to stop, however, because he
“Oh my…” comes a soft voice behind Tony and the man whirls around, a hand protectively on his stomach. Luckily, it’s just Bruce, carrying his medical bag and taking several deep breaths.
“Don’t you understand?” Steve finally growls. “I
on a bench with some colored pencils or charcoal, content with the knowledge that no one was here to see his drawings or judge him, no one was there to peek over his shoulder and see a little too much.
Tony continues pressing his face into Bucky’s shirt, breathing slowly through his nose, hitching a muffled sob every once in a while. Bucky keeps carefully running his metal fingers through Tony’s tresses, scraping his scalp lightly.
The Soldier clenches his jaw at that. “You shouldn’t trust me,” he grinds out.
Steve, who walks out with his posture as perfect as it always is, despite his messed up hair and the smudge of dirt high on his cheekbone, and the tear in his suit on the shoulder. Steve, who locks eyes with Tony immediately, gaze unreadable.
He picks up the small canvas bag he has tucked in the back of the drawer and fishes out a drawing pencil, sketching out some quick scenes he’ll return to later, but ones that he wants to remember. There are three scenes that he crudely maps out, trying to capture little moments in time of his best friend.
, but he slams his mouth closed. This is something Bucky was excited for, and something that Tony had literally asked for his consultation on.
“What?” Tony snaps, not looking up from his tablet.
Tony couldn’t even imagine the pain. So instead, he lets Steve cry until the small keening whines disappear and he stops shuddering, and his breathing begins to even out.
“Bucky! Snap out of it, damn you! C’mon, I’m here, you’re safe, I didn’t mean to set you off…”
At the moment he can’t even muster any anger for Steve, because it wasn’t his fault. How was he supposed to know he was impregnating Tony? He knows he should be furious that he kept the information that he was pregnant from him, knows that the reason he did was that he didn’t want to have to accept any responsibility with the child. Tony knows that.
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up and he leans over to pick up a blue paisley rhino, eyeing the name tag hanging from his horn. “Tank?”
Steve just stares at him for a moment, his eyes filling with tears.
“Well, sure. There’s two of us.”
To that, Bucky shakes his head frantically. Painkillers might be okay, but he can’t, he
he stayed home from school, bedridden, to reveal a flushed Bucky Barnes, breathing heavily and usually clutching his homework in one hand and bag in the other, in too much of a hurry to stow things properly.
“Shit,” he curses, and lets go of the hand as if burned, backing up so fast he clips his hip on the far edge of the table. “Fuck,” he says, now rubbing his sore hip ruefully.
“You fucking
She smirks at him but doesn’t answer.
he’d add, almost as an afterthought.
It’s nice, Bucky realizes. He could get used to this.
Tony wishes the credits would roll already. He’s done with this shit.
The next day they start painting. The paint had already been delivered in various hues of yellow and green, and Natasha has some sort of tiny can thing going on in different colors that Tony’s not going to question.
Lmao I’m looking forward to y’all tearing steve apart in the comments
, Bucky, and I know you’ve gone on about how at first you thought it was all a dream, that someone would yank you out any minute, and I thought the same thing.”
“You need to get some rest.”
Tony doesn’t say anything for a while, but when he does, his words are just as soft as Bucky’s.
“Uh, it’s more of a workshop, actually. Bruce has the laboratory,” Tony says, nodding over at the man in question, standing next to Clint. Bucky ignores the other scientist.
(Though some other people might, watch out)
Standing there, his hand poised above the door two down from his, he almost loses his nerve. It seems too easy, all of a sudden, to just forget about it. He and Steve were separated for seventy years and they were fine, weren’t they?
; he had no reason to not get better.
She tells him he has c-PTSD and depression, and starts working with Bruce immediately to try and create a sort of antidepressant that will work through the serum.
“What would the Soldier be doing there?” Tony mutters. “You don’t think this has something to do with his weird fixation on you, do you?”
He feels guilty, suddenly, that he’s enjoying the sun while Steve’s probably holed up in his room, working on his art or exercising. Come to think of it… what did that man
The doctor gently, ever so gently, places a hand on his knee. “You are, and it’s going to be alright.”
Bucky’s eyes are the bluest gray Tony thinks he’s ever seen. They are the color of ocean waves in a storm, fog blanketing a bridge, storm clouds darkening the sky. They’re capable of holding so much emotion, Tony knows, but right now all he sees is determination darkening their stormy depths, the cold fury of focus.
“Yes.”
Clint waves a hand. “Who cares about him? Just wait until Steve and Sam hear!”
They jump from the roof, that’s the only explanation. That’s the only explanation for men suddenly raining down on James Buchanan Barnes, catching him off guard and trying to hold him down even as Bucky attempts in vain to struggle to his feet. He does get to them, eventually, but there are simply too many, and fuck, someone’s stabbed something into his metal arm, into his shoulder, and it’s just white blinding pain, and through it all, the single pinprick of needle below his right ear, before the world slowly slides out of existence with tentacle-like tendrils of light escaping as the black closes over.
comments are welcome, please don't tear Steve apart too much, and also I'm doing my best to answer the other ones in other chapters; I'll get around to it I promise :)
Bucky laughs, a little ashamed when it comes out watery. “Probably not,” he agrees.
Tony huffs a little. “The man gets two boyfriends and all of the sudden he thinks he’s their babysitter, huh?”
So instead, Bucky lets out an exasperated sigh and swings his pillow, this time managing to catch Steve off-guard. The resounding thwack of cotton and whatever is inside of pillows is satisfying against Steve’s chest, and the man gives a small grunt of surprise.
“He doesn’t like a lot of things,” Tony mutters, rubbing his stomach almost unconsciously. He clears his throat and looks back at Bucky. “You like cars that go boom, Terminator?” he asks and the corner of his mouth twitches slightly like he’s just said something funny.
This will update every Monday/Tuesday for the foreseeable future, and if you have any questions, suggestions, or corrections, I'd love to hear 'em!
He does want to make everything as seamless as possible, however, and what better way to do that than to pretend he’s still in the van? This part’s a little tricky, but he just manages to balance the boxes and then position his arm on top of them so the edge of the arm is poking into view, enough that one would be able to look back from the driver’s or passenger’s seat and be able to see it.
Tony visibly cheers up. “It tried to kill you,” he tells him brightly which, okay, is a little concerning. Bucky isn’t sure what to say, but Tony seems to have the talking covered.
knows what to do, he knows that with everything going on between Tony and Steve, that’s probably not the first thing he should do.
“Dude, don’t be, seriously. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“So we’d… share?” Tony asks, and Bucky nods a little hesitantly.
Bucky doesn’t have to ask who “them” is. “What brought them back?” he asks, and he knows the answer even before Tony tries to deflect the question.
Tony shrugs. He doesn’t have an answer.
He’d like to stay here, he really would, but the clock hanging on the wall informs him that it’s fast approaching six-thirty, also known as:
Here the hissing is much louder, and he winces as he steps under the spray, feeling it pound his back at an uncomfortable temperature. Still, he grabs a scrubber from the rack on the wall and follows the lead of Steve, who’s already started roughly rubbing it along his skin in rhythmic circular motions, leaving soapy suds in its wake. They’re pressed against opposite walls; the shower is really only made for one person and neither of them is a particularly small man. Well, okay,
–” Steve gasps, and hiccups, wiping his mouth. “Make it stop, please,” he begs, as fresh tears pour down his face, and Bucky wants to, he wants to stop his pain
Bucky laughs in Steve’s face, because fuck, it’s so very obvious he’s not. “You’re handling it
” He reels his arm back and throws his miraculously intact teacup as hard as he can. It clips Steve’s shoulder and shatters, and Steve grunts, a pained expression crossing his face.
“I’ll say,” Rhodey snorts, and brings his hand down, hovering it over the bump in silent question.
“Tony, I’m still not sure of everything that happened between Steve and I. I don’t have all my memories back and I’m trying, I really am, but I just can’t
Bucky nods, and keeps as still as he can manage in his seat, breathing lightly through his nose and forcing the fingers on his flesh hand not to twitch. Tony said not to move, so he’s not going to move.
“He can’t,” Steve rasps, suddenly desperate. “He can’t, Buck, he
He remembers the icy water closing over him, his breath being punched out of him by frigid-fingered fists, clawing and ripping until he passed out, letting the swirling darkness consume him.
Tony presses his mouth into a thin line. “I haven’t. It was only those four times,” he says, lying straight through his teeth. “I ate something funny, old man. It’s not a big deal.”
Whatever it is, it isn’t this.
“Your comms weren’t on!” Steve explodes, the disappointment disappearing so fast from his face it nearly gives Tony whiplash, only to be replaced by the unbridled anger that only comes with people not doing what they’re being told, dammit. “You have a duty, Tony, and you’re not doing it!”
There’s silence, then: “I’m sorry,
Steve doesn’t respond so Bucky leaves, walking to the corner of the living room farthest away from the bedroom. Steve will still be able to hear him, of course, but he’s choosing to ignore that for the time being.
” he says, his voice raised slightly.
Rhodey throws up his hands. “Just asking.”
“Didn’t see you in the fight,” the man offers instead, voice husky. He’s not lying, that’s really how he found out. Ah, so he didn’t get drugged.
The other side, however.... is a mess. Fragments of white metal are clamped all over his clavicle and his spine, which is curving just a bit towards the left from the constant weight of his late metal arm. His clavicle doesn’t look quite right; it looks like it broke, then got stitched up back together again. Skinny white snakes of wire curl and tangle around his spine and in between, a few stretching all the way out to his arm, looking like they’ve been cut in half. They probably were, Bucky thinks, Tony probably just snipped ‘em.
“Shit,” Tony says under his breath.
“I’m fine, but these little guys are moving fast. Better get that ass in gear, Cap.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “Tony.”
Tony pulls some sort of gun thing out of a drawer and switches it on, a red light coming out from one end.
Tony hums and crosses the room to open the doors for himself, giving the contents a quick sweep before forcing them as far closed as he can. “You’re in luck, Barnes,” he says, and Bucky smiles a little. “There are no lemons, and you look like you need some fresh air. What do you say about a walk?”
Lastly, thank you so much for sticking by me, giving kudos or leaving a comment or interacting in any way, and just wanted to let you know I appreciate y'all.
“He’s staring at us,” he says grimly.
Bucky, the bastard, doesn’t even have the audacity to deny anything, or deflect. Instead, he turns and looks Tony straight in the eye, brandishing his spatula sternly. “Don’t be an ass; Steve doesn’t know how to handle that,” he says, ignoring the sputtering from the man himself.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. The ninety-year-old’s more spry than the twenty-year-old,” he mutters. He arches back a little and twists, wincing. “Fucking back,” he mutters.
Eventually, Steve has the good sense to rip Bucky’s shirt directly off his body, as in tearing the fabric and everything, and Bucky moans obscenely because
“You’re making the paste go everywhere, and we don’t know what it is.”
” Steve roars, leaping to his feet. His grip on his mug goes white and the ceramic shatters, warm liquid running in dark rivulets down the side of Steve’s hands.
Steve narrows his eyes but doesn’t deny it. “Exactly what memory are we talking about?” he asks, and Bucky can’t help but notice that there’s no “Buck” tacked onto the end of it.
because the shards are under his closed skin, he healed
Thor is the last one on the jet, strapping himself in and laughing good-naturedly at Clint’s bitching about the stupid decontamination shower.
He looks like a man who’s gotten everything he wanted, but at a price that’s far too high.
“I haven’t been
He waits.
Tony forces any emotion from his face and tries to smile. “He’s not quite in the picture,” he says carefully. He makes the mistake of looking at Natasha and feels a dread curl in his stomach at her expression. Her mouth is slack with understanding, and she looks faintly nauseous.
before stumbling down to his workshop.
“Three
“You’re alone, these walls are sound-proof, you can come down here whenever you want…” Tony shrugs before painting on a wicked smirk, making a crude gesture with his left hand, the one not holding the plastic scrubber.
At Bucky’s incredulous tone, Steve blushes, but stands his ground and nods.
Tony waves a hand. “I’ll be fine,” he says weakly. “Must have eaten something funny.”
“Qua-cakers?” the young woman asks, tucking the linens she’d been carrying under one arm and delicately holding the fabric of her robes as she leans over the god’s shoulder.
it ends teasingly, and Bucky snorts aloud. It’s signed with a capital T, and Bucky spends a moment mourning the typed words. He wishes he could see the actual handwriting, but immediately after he thinks this he feels a bit disgusted at himself.
“Uh…” He feels like this is something glaringly obvious, like he should clearly know what these are. They had hair lotions and soaps during the war, he’s almost positive they did, so why can’t he remember them now? He can feel a lump of frustration clawing at his throat and he has half a mind to fling them at the ground and stomp on them until they break, but just before he does he takes a deep breath and stops himself. That won’t help anything, dammit, and he knows this.
“I can do that. I can pound you into this wall until you’re screaming, Stark, is that what you really want?”
” he asks instead, and Bucky surprises him by grabbing Tony’s chin and tilting it up forcefully until Tony’s eyes are meeting his. “Nothing. We aren’t going to do a damn thing. I lo–
. That’s not how these things work.”
, it’s resting on Tony’s shoulder, rubbing it soothingly, and belatedly Bucky wonders what that’s all about…
“And you’re just going to allow that?” asks Steve in a pained voice, sounding frustrated.
How he’s going to get from Brooklyn to Manhattan is a goddamned mystery, but then again, what isn’t?
When his cries have tapered off and he’s reduced to a hiccuping mess, she softly asks him what’s happened, in English.
“What would you like me to call you?” Tony asks.
Tony sniffs and turns. “I can’t look at you anymore,” he tells the other man disdainfully.
“No one,” he answers. “I found out. Why didn’t you
“Aw, I miss you too, Tony. I’ll visit as soon as I can, okay?”
He wants to tell Tony so bad to not be scared, but how can he when Bucky is feeling the same? Instead he tightens his grip on his hand, moving his thumb slightly until he can pick up the racing pulse in the inside of Tony’s wrist.
There was also the small matter of Tony getting winded just walking up the stairs, so what would likely be a several mile walk? Maybe not the best idea.
Bucky smiles. “Were you going to say anything?” he asks innocently.
Steve looks, if possible, even more alarmed. “What? No, Bucky, he loves
“Why?” he hears Steve say. He vaguely hears Tony answer him, saying something about how he needs to check for anything else before he tries to put pain meds in, because the sheer amount he needs to give Bucky to have it affect him at all is almost enough to kill him, and if there’s anything else he could overdose unwillingly. Bucky thinks that that’s pretty smart, and he means to say it out loud, but he suddenly can’t think over a new sheet of agony that rips through his arm and eventually the rest of his body.
Meeting Steve caused ripples in Tony’s life, causing new and exciting feelings and things to happen, changing the way he looked at the things. But meeting Bucky? The actual man himself, not the Winter Soldier, that had caused tidal waves, swells of water that built and built and
“Oh, I’m sorry, I wasn’t aware you were handing out orders,
Although… he looks at the stiletto in his hand and the window, and realizes that maybe this isn’t the best idea. It’ll likely cause quite a noise, and without his metal arm and with all the physical pain he feels, he’s not sure if he’ll be able to fight anyone at the moment, much less several people with a gun. Still, it’s not like he can just pop his head through the window and politely ask for a bathroom break… yeah, maybe not. Of course, he could just punch the window out, but then there runs the risk of fragments left in the frame, and adding glass slashes to his arms and sides is not his priority right now.
Bucky smiles and heaves himself up to go put his hands gently on Tony’s hips. “What about the bitter and salty?” he teases, and Tony huffs a laugh into his neck.
He doesn’t, but he does lower the firearm slightly. Good enough.
he can handle my ass,” Tony shoots back without thinking, and they all freeze, Steve with a stricken look on his face, all the blood in his cheeks draining away as he goes pale. Bucky just goes very, very still.
Bucky should feel like a failure, his own anxiety clouding over better judgement and what he needs to get done, but all he really feels is relieved. He’ll probably get a good chewing out for this once he’s reunited with his boys, but for now, he just scrunches himself tighter into his little ball on the train seat, staring resolutely out the dirty window next to him, watching the warm cows flit by until they’re replaced by cool cement.
“It’s Bucky’s arm,” Steve tells him urgently. “Something’s wrong with it. Seriously wrong.”
Rhodey grins, and opens his arms. Tony gets to his feet quickly and runs over, throwing himself–gently, because he has a baby–into his arms. “God, I’ve missed you so much,” he tells Rhodey, his words muffled.
“And then,
“Tony,” Steve pants, winded from sprinting the flights of stairs and lengths of hallways to get to the workshop. “JARVIS, tell him to let us in. It’s an emergency.”
Bucky ignores the stares around him as he says, “I have something to apologize for.” Because he does. It’s important for Steve to know this, for some reason. Feels as important now as it did then.
“Who did this?” Are Tony’s first words when he walks into the nursery for the first time in a few days. Similar to what he had done with Steve, Bucky had dragged Tony in there telling him he had something he needed to show him, and Tony, like Steve, had stupidly tagged along.
“Well, excuse you,” Steve says, mock offended.
“Dude, are you–”
Bucky sees red, and he’s swinging his hand before he realizes what he's doing. His slap across Steve’s cheek sounds clear across the room, and Bucky’s shouting something, but Bucky can barely hear himself, and he’s scared, he’s so scared,
He really really hopes they didn’t. A quick glance around him, ignoring his throbbing head, is enough to reignite the part of Winter he never really minded, the part that is all tactical mastermind, the part that has zero fucks to give.
“Be back,” she tells him, and Bucky thinks of Steve’s hugs and blinding smile and Tony’s perfectly coiffed hair and perfect grin as he tries his best to smile back warmly, conveying his thanks.
He leaves Steve for a minute to go to the small kitchen. He pulls out an apple and fills a mug with water to be put in the microwave, intending to make tea. All the metal knives have been removed from Steve's kitchen, just in case, and all that remains are flimsy plastic pieces of cutlery that bend when pressed too hard against anything.
Bucky’s arms tighten briefly, contracting and then relaxing like a snake’s coils. “Tony, look at me,” he says, and Tony struggles in his arms to do so, but eventually gets there. Bucky’s eyes are as captivating as always, and once Tony’s are locked on his, it’s all too easy to stay there. Goddammit.
Bucky nods, slowly. It’s true, he has been smiling a lot more. He’s also laughed once, a startled chuckle that was pulled from him during one of his many visits during the past weeks to Tony’s workshop. The encounter included a forlorn DUM-E, an exasperated Tony Stark, a small red bouncy ball that was no longer with them, unfortunately, a perfect circular hole in the workshop wall, and the aforementioned laugh. If Tony had noticed that that was the first of Bucky’s laughter he’d heard, he didn’t mention it, and Bucky still wasn’t sure whether he appreciated it or not.
“It smarts a little,” Bucky tells him defensively. “Mostly ‘m just aching.”
“I’m not Batman, doll,” Bucky chides gently, and Tony grins.
Bucky sleeps with Tony then gets his arm looked at. That's it. I'm sorry.
Bucky rolls his eyes. “Not all of us are insatiable beasts.”
“Bucky?” Steve asks, a white paper bag wrapped in both arms. “Are you doing alright?”
He’s been trained not to let the pain show, to withstand obscene amounts of it, but this is too much. It’s all-consuming, and as fire takes over his vision he’s convinced for a hysterical second that this is what is going to be that kills him.
“Yes, you are. You promised.” There’s something pleading in his face, and Tony suddenly doesn’t have the heart to tell him promises stopped meaning anything to him a long time ago.
Steve throws up his hands. “Why are you so bent on disobeying orders? Why can’t you do what’s asked of you for once in your life?”
he want from Steve? Nothing, he realizes, except…
The workshop is quiet. Too quiet.
Steve blushes, honest to god blushes, and Bucky rolls his eyes.
. They’re angry and full of a fire Tony’s very familiar with. Hatred.
he had wondered,
Unbidden, a reminder of something Tony’d said came to mind.
“Jarvis?” he rasps, leaning heavily against the wall and licking his lips. “Where’s Tony?”
It’s then he decides the protection he’s providing Tony with is going to extend to the tiny human he’s growing, this perfect little girl that Tony’s going to have. The thought settles him, and he hands the ultrasound back with limited trembling of his hand.
“I crossed a line,” Steve says miserably. “He just kept pushin’ me.”
“Who?” Rhodey asks bluntly.
Tony smiles a little. “I don’t either, truthfully, but maybe this is something to discuss without Cap breathing down our necks.”
It only occurs to him, later, when they’ve stopped kissing and Bucky rests with his chin on top of Tony’s head and Tony’s nose pressed into the side of his neck, that what they’re doing, what they’ve just done, is quite possibly the fragilest thing he’s ever handled. As Bucky leans his weight against the counter and gathers up Tony, listening to the soft sounds of the other man’s breathing even out into sleep and watching the stars slowly creep by, he thinks to himself that he would give his life to protect this, whatever it is.
He follows the straight line of Steve’s back silently, the only noises being the other Avengers talking quietly amongst themselves and the heavy clunking of Tony’s boots. The decontamination shower is on the ground floor for easy access, and Steve leads the way with no hesitation, pushing open the unassuming door to the changing room before the shower.
“So,” he says, somewhat awkwardly.
“Need a sleep partner?” Bucky asks, flicking a hand to get JARVIS to turn down the music so Tony can hear him.
Bucky paints a wall, gets a new arm, has a bad dream, and tickles Steve. Steve tickles Bucky, and spends a lot of time on his bed. Tony finds out the gender of his baby and brings home a picture, cries a little, and falls asleep. Bucky and Tony also have a short conversation about their sex lives which goes exactly nowhere :)
Bucky nods, because Steve’s offering him a way out, and he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth. Never mind that he hasn’t the foggiest what a “cheese cake” is. It sounds disgusting, quite frankly, but he trusts Steve.
goes unspoken, and Steve’s heart clenches. Oh, right. Somehow, he’d nearly forgotten that Bucky and Tony were together, as in dating happily. It’s almost too easy to believe that just then, in his arms, Bucky belonged to him...
A woman comes out with a tray holding two tortillas piled with meat, cilantro, onion, and avocado, and right next to it is a little array of lemon wedges. Bucky’s mouth waters at the sight, and now that he’s found the lemons, he
“Maybe,” he agrees, and tugs himself up into a sitting position against the headboard. His shirt is still rucked up from Bucky blowing a raspberry on it during their tickling battle, and Bucky has to fight not to watch his muscles flex as Steve pushes himself up.
He tugs his knees closer to his body and sucks in deep breaths, shutting his eyes slightly. He feels wave after wave of emotion rack his body, but he doesn’t know which ones they are. Instead, he hides his head in his bent knees and lets out a single sob, muffling it as best he can.
new update on Tuesdays!
Tony Stark.
“Here,” he says, thrusting the picture into Rhodey’s held out hand. Rhodey tilts his head, studying the black and white distorted blobs. His smile grows wider the longer he stares at it. “Everything’s going well in there?” he asks, never removing his eyes from the ultrasound photograph. He pulls his phone out with one hand, and clumsily takes a picture.
“I’m not hungry.” Bucky knows this should be a lie, seeing as it’s eleven in the afternoon and Steve still hasn’t left his bed, but somehow, he gets the feeling he’s telling the truth.
To that, Bucky would always lapse into silence, because it really wasn’t funny, and they both knew it. Sometimes Bucky would think that a single gust of strong wind would blow Steve away with how small and frail he was. On days that Steve was sick (which occurred more often than not), Bucky would sleep on a ratty mattress Sarah Rogers would set up and leave Steve only for school. Even then he’d rush home, fear in his heart, knowing Steve was too stubborn to die but feeling worried anyway.
He scoops Bucky to him, cradling him against his chest and avoiding the metal arm. Bucky’s shoulder rests firmly in Steve’s elbow and the small bit of pressure takes the weight of the metal arm off slightly, and he sighs with relief.
Bucky knocks on Steve’s door, waiting impatiently for the door to open.
If you don’t think you can read this chapter safely but you still want to read the next chapters to finally see our boys get together, etc etc, please go directly to the comments and ask me for a summary. I was going to put it in the endnote, but the endnote is already atrociously long as it is. I will be happy to condense the information as best I can for you :)
Steve answers, almost begging. “Don’t do
“We could try talking to him?” His voice tilts up in a question, and Tony sighs.
“I can’t do this anymore,” Steve chokes out, and he gasps for breath, his eyes pleading and helpless and
He selects a pair of black ones, because who knows? He might even get wild on his way home, and tests them against the edge of the van window across from him. If he’s correct, which he usually is, the gas tank filler should be on his side of the car, either right behind him or somewhere near the door at the very end of the van. That’s where they’ll be looking, and maybe he’ll have enough time to pry open the window and escape while they’re inside the shitty convenience store, getting snacks or taking a piss…
Light is now pouring through the windows, and Bruce gently shakes Tony awake, stepping back when the other man’s head shoots up in alarm.
It was time to return to Midgard, but Thor’s mind was buzzing with thoughts related to something other than his pending visit to see his friends.
Besides, he’s not that person anymore. Bucky refuses to be the Winter Soldier. He can still feel him peeking over his shoulder, providing a sinister voice of reason that insists killing people will solve everything, but he’s come too far to listen to that voice or, God forbid, let it take over.
When he gets back to the Tower, he asks Jarvis what the language was. Jarvis tells him that it’s Spanish, and he mulls the language over in his head, the rapid-fire way people had been speaking, the soft sounds of an S or A, and the hard roll of some of the Rs.
The other is of the two of them again, Tony in the background, slumped over several open textbooks and diagrams, fast asleep, while Rhodey mugs for the camera. It’s a selfie Rhodey teased Tony with for several weeks, and he’s shocked Tony bothered to frame it.
He doesn’t sleep that night, instead staring at the ceiling and watching shadows flit across the white expanse from objects framed in the spotlights outside of the open window. He very carefully doesn’t think of anything, just lays there and tries to count the cracks in the ceiling.
But Bucky? Bucky had known before Tony did, and had accepted it from the very beginning. Tony thinks that there were some instances where the Winter Soldier definitely could have broken through more and used Bucky to attack Tony. After all, what connection did he have to him? They were strangers to each other, and Iron Man was a threat, making Tony one, too. And yet, Winter hadn’t. Probably because of the pregnancy. No matter how much of a monster you were, you had to be a specific kind of evil to attack a pregnant person.
‘Let us challenge ourselves friends!’ Thor grins. ‘Imagine the boasts we shall have if we do this without them.’
‘Yes ma’am,’ he gives her his trademark grin and bows to her. ‘And I hear there’s a tree that needs to be rescued.’ He helps the family take the tree to their car, entertaining the children all the way, and answering some questions the son has on joining the army. He puts a hand on the boy’s shoulder before they leave. ‘What’s your name?’
‘I wasn’t suggesting we bring them back and pretend nothing has happened,’ Tony tries to get his voice back to normal, but there’s still an edge of frustration there. ‘The Avengers had to change. We knew that, that’s why we signed the Accords. We have to show everyone that we’ve learned from our mistakes and we can still protect them. Besides I was one of the guys they were fighting. I need to know I can trust them as much as they need to know they can trust me.
‘What the hell were you two playing at?’ Natasha demands when she reaches them, hands on her hips. ‘You were supposed to get out when Bucky got back.’
‘Tony what are you-’
‘I need you to focus on a memory of the Symbiote if you can,’ Strange tells him, ‘I need something to be able to focus on, otherwise I may be trawling through other memories that you may not want me to see.’
‘Tony, Steve and Nat are getting hold of people and seeing what their plans are,’ she tells him, ‘hopefully they’ll have answers by the time we get back.’
Love always,
‘Do we have a plan?’ Bruce asks as they gather around the obstacle course flag.
‘Oh knock it off,’ she laughs. ‘Alright yes Happy and I are seeing each other and it’s going well.’
Someone lands between us, crouching down as they land, one arm extended behind them. Superhero landing!
‘Can we open them yet?’ Peter’s virtually vibrating with excitement, a huge grin on his face.
‘Oh don’t worry, Tony, you’re still an asshole,’ Rhodes assures him.
Tony just scowls at the archer and throws a packet of blueberries from the fridge next to him at his face. Unfortunately, Clint’s reflexes are still as good as ever.
‘I’m guessing this is over something Tony told you,’ Steve spits, going to lean against the railing looking out over the complex.
Panic, desperation and terror have Peter running faster than he has ever run in his life. He literally rebounds off the walls as he turns corners to reach the place where Tony stores his spare reactors.
and a chunk of webbing fixes itself around his mouth. Sam holds his hands up in surrender as Peter turns his wrist towards him. ‘Anything to add?’ the kid asks.
‘As long as you can give me. If this works I can wipe out our enemies and return Asgard.’
‘I think you already know what I think,’ is the reply.
‘I’m looking forwards to seeing the whole team again,’ Natasha admits, voice quiet. The other two turn to look at her. ‘SHIELD, the Avengers, they were my chance to go straight, wipe away some of the red in my ledger. Make a life away from everything before. It’s the closest I’ve come to having a family. It’ll be nice to have everyone together again.’
‘You think you can defeat me?’ Thanos laughs as Peter plants himself between them. ‘The power of these stones enabled me to convince your magician friend to give up his stone. The rest of your group are barely able to stand where I left them. And you, child, you think you can face me alone?’
‘Whatever, Flash,’ Peter rolls his eyes and pushes past so they can reach MJ.
Tony looks up and studies the god. ‘You are looking a bit pale, maybe you should get some rest?’
‘How far out are we?’ Natasha asks, looking over Tony’s shoulder.
‘Tony, stop!’ Steve’s voice is firm and he snaps his mouth shut. He knows his voice has been getting more hysterical with each word, and there’s a steady stream of tears falling down his face he doesn’t want the other Avenger to see.
‘What? Peter you were at Decathlon practise, the mugging victim said Ben came and helped after someone had tried to…’
Tony frowns and puts his mug down, turning her to face him. ‘What is it, kid?’
(See the end of the chapter for
of us getting any sleep?’
‘Then I will be the first,’ he says, ‘and I should like the three of you to be the first members.’ He turns to Tony. ‘Would you mind if we all returned to the facility and discussed this more?’
He laughs in response. ‘Nope, this is my adopted big sister. Play nicely boys or you’ll find out I’m not the only one who can take you lot on.’
‘You think the Soul stone is the key to getting back the person you lost?’ Clint looks at the Guardians.
‘You know me, Winter Warrior.’
War Machine upgrade. You can thank me later.’
‘No I…’ Thor trails off and looks through the window, the eyepatch making him look more like Odin than he ever has before. ‘Something inside of me believes that what has happened between us, the trouble between us, only started because I did not make it clear how much I care for you, Loki. I did not want to make the same mistake again,’ he turns back to look at him, and Loki is surprised at the wetness in Thor’s eye. ‘Now that we are on the same side, brother, I do not want to give you reason to doubt again.’
‘But…hasn’t that hurt? That’s a lot of work isn’t it?’
‘I have no quarrel with you, Man of Iron,’ his half-brother says as he steps into view, ‘but I will not hesitate to kill you to get what I want.’
‘Thank god for some good news,’ Rhodes says as they relay it over the comms. ‘There don’t seem to be too many soldiers here to deal with. But I can’t see Wanda, Strange or Wade.’
Steve lets out a small sigh of relief. So far things are going smoothly. Natasha appears in the doorway, slipping her gun away she swiftly glides over to the bank of computers and slips a pen drive into one of the slots. ‘You ready Tony?’
‘Oh no Dad would approve,’ Lila grins, ‘but Mom wouldn’t.’
He didn’t think it was possible to see a face light up in what could only be described as glee through a mask. Apparently Deadpool is full of surprises. ‘Wait are you saying you
‘Wait, what did we miss?’ Sam asks.
Strange sighs and nods. ‘Unfortunately yes. It’s one of the prices I pay for the abilities I have.’
he tugs at the link, and feels Bucky’s muscles twitch underneath his hands as he shakes his head. He pulls Bucky into memories from the facility, times spent working together, training together, and memories of the team laughing together.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Boss, Captain Rogers is requesting entry, should I let him in?’
‘Peter Benjamin Parker-’
‘Are you honestly telling us that he can be trusted after being brainwashed by Hydra? We know he was responsible for attacking the Avengers whilst in custody in Germany because of it. He is a former wanted criminal and we are expected to trust him on American soil?’
Tony looks at her carefully, then nods and sets up the next blast in the chamber. ‘When you’re ready.’
She sighs good-naturedly and frowns at him. ‘You are impossible, Tony. I’m now remembering why my life was so peaceful before I came here.’
‘No that was me,’ Peter reappears in front of Steve, making him jump back in fright, he’s dangling upside down from the ceiling from one of his webs. ‘Mr Loki was explaining how he keeps the Tesseract hidden and I asked if it was possible to make someone invisible and then… well, I may have got a little carried away. But you’ve got to hear some of the stuff he can do, it’s amazing! And have you heard the story about when he turned Mr Thor into a toad?’
‘It’s good to know he’s as scared of her as everyone else is,’ Clint teases.
‘And the teacher believed that?’ Tony frowns.
‘Yeah because you and Buck delight in reminding everyone,’ Steve rolls his eyes.
‘Does Tony know?’ Steve asks through the strange bitter taste in his mouth.
‘What you got?’ Bucky asks as they take their seats, eyes sweeping the auditorium.
‘I love you, Nat,’ he replies. She just laughs softly and points to the stool she’s just vacated. He takes the hint and sits down.
‘You promise to only hurt people who are bad, right? I’m letting you go because you gave me your word.’
Out of the corner of his eye he sees Steve and Bucky exchange worried glances and know they’re wondering if Tony’s somehow found out about his issues with some of the other kids.
,’ Tony clarifies.
‘Yes,’ Rumlow replies. ‘But you aren’t exactly a full member of my squad now are you?’
‘The possibilities are endless,’ Bruce enters the discussion. ‘I mean let’s just take Steve for example, there could easily be realities where he never became Captain America and wasn’t accepted for the serum program and it was given to someone else. Or realities where Erskine wasn’t killed and so Steve wasn’t the only one they gave it to. Or even a reality where he didn’t crash the plane in the war and came home at the end. Or one where he even joined HYDRA. Or even-’
Tony feels that everything goes in slow motion as he sees Thanos lift his hand, the concealed knife now in plain view, and he sends it flying towards Peter, whose face is no longer covered by the mask of his suit.
‘Peter,’ he says quietly as he lets Ned pull him to his feet.
‘Well Loki didn’t seem overly upset at the idea, and I’m not entirely sure Thor heard. He’s drunker than he’d let you believe,’ Bruce replies.
‘That’s Uncle Rhodey,’ Morgan giggles.
Natasha just shrugs. ‘Makes a lot of sense to be honest, definitely explains a few things.’
like Tony Stark; and he’s about the right age for when Tony was in the height of his playboy phase. Maybe he’s a long lost love child that he just got back in contact with.’
‘Interesting moment?’ Bucky supplies.
‘We’re here. What’s the plan, Cap?’ he calls over his shoulder.
There’s a bit more of a delay before he gets a reply this time.
Natasha pulls away enough to see the shining portal closing behind the sorcerer. ‘You’re all here?’
‘Steve-’ Bucky cuts himself off with a curse and he follows his friend’s gaze to see three large blue skinned figures enter the cave entrance. ‘What the
‘Rhodey? Where’s Tony?’ Steve asks into his earpiece.
Deadpool pauses before he answers. ‘I took care of it, baby-’
‘Hang on,’ Bucky’s frowning in confusion. ‘Since when is Pete gay?’
‘Oh brother you really are a fool at times,’ Loki sighs.
Steve closes his eyes for a brief moment, and then opens the door, walking in and then closing it softly behind him.
‘Oh yeah, she threw an empty bottle at me, which barely missed my head, and told me to fuck off and leave her alone unless I needed her PI skills. And even then she’d probably just throw me out on my ass anyway.’
‘Yeah, it’s me Cap,’ he says, wondering if he sounds as unsure as Steve does. ‘I thought I’d check up and see how you were getting on with the homework I sent you.’ He tries to bring some of his usual humour into the conversation. Trying to find a safety net.
The barrier lifts and Peter hurries back to his seat, trying to ignore the whispers and looks that his class are giving him. Ned and Harry greet him with matching grins.
are going to lecture
‘What now?’ he asks, sleepiness making him slightly irritable. He isn’t prepared for the short burst of speed the mercenary puts on to wrap an arm around him, pressing his lips against his. Peter’s too shocked to register what’s happening before Wade’s pulling away. The man just points above his head with a sheepish look on his face.
‘Yes,’ Peter replies, letting his mask slip back into place. ‘And you’re wrong.’
‘Wanda,’ Vision’s voice has a note of warning.
‘I say we do it as often as we can, even if we can’t be as open as we’d like,’ the blond replies, bumping him with his shoulder as they walk along.
‘He was already
‘See? Wade knows what he’s talking about,’ Steve says.
‘We would have got him out once the truth came to light,’ Tony spits back, anger clouding his mind.
‘For today, yes,’ the head lawyer nods, ‘and then we proceed to our case from tomorrow.’
‘I didn’t expect him to wait this long!’
‘Aww Anthony that’s no way to speak to an old friend now is it?’ the oily voice that comes over the speakers is definitely not Ross’. Tony’s eyes fly open and he sits up, spinning round to face the smirking face of Justin Hammer.
‘It’s on,’ the doctor nods in agreement.
He bursts out laughing. ‘Calm down, Pepper, I haven’t been hacking into your phone or Happy’s. Why would you even think I’d do that? Happy just isn’t as subtle as he thinks he is.’
to be taking you on dates every single week and spoiling the shit out of you.’
released from the medical bay. He’d managed to keep the tablet a secret so Pepper hadn’t had a reason to scold Steve; how much the soldier had been scared of his CEO had provided a
‘And you?’
Peter raises an eyebrow and gives him a look he’s pretty sure he stole off Natasha. ‘
‘Tony’s attacking the front,’ Steve shakes his head, ‘I heard his repulsors as we made our way around.’
‘You’re welcome, sweetheart,’ he can hear the eye roll in Steve’s eyes.
‘Yeah we’ll be there, Fury,’ Steve reassures him, ‘though I’d be happier if more of us could stay.’
‘You see, Wade,’ Francis says as he comes closer to where I’m still pinning Vanessa to the floor. ‘In
‘I say nothing, Cap,’ comes his reply, ‘you’ll just have to wait and see. But yeah Monty taught me a couple of tricks; between him, Peggy and Jarvis I know my way around pretty much any gun. He was pretty serious from what I remember, looking back now I guess the war had been a bit heavier on him that the others; he only really joked around with Dum Dum, and he and Dad would sit up after the others had finished drinking whiskey and talking in low voices. Never really knew what they were talking about but I could guess from the look on Dad’s face.’
‘And yet you still insist on shouting,’ the god grumbles.
‘To Stark Industries.’
‘For once you’ve been chosen last of the three of you, Thor,’ Clint teases.
many magic users around.’
‘Steve do you think we should go check on Tony?’ Bucky asks, looking over at the clock on the wall.
‘Screw that!’ he snaps, and he sees a couple of team members flinch in surprise. ‘They’ve got Wanda, Sam. They’ve got Bucky. We’ve got
He smiles. ‘You think to get His plans from me? I barely know anything, same as you. Even if we piece all of our knowledge together we won’t even scrape the surface of His plans. All I know is He is looking at relocating another one of our members in an effort to confirm Spider-Man’s identity and get some leverage on Tony Stark.’
‘You know Tony, we could carry the smaller one between us even without the suits and make this quicker right?’ Rhodes points out.
‘My king,’ the female Jotun speaks again, ‘you are the only one of Laufey’s line left; if you do not take the throne our world will be plunged into a civil war whilst rivals fight over the throne. I, for one, would rather the stability of a continued succession.’
‘You’re on the
‘He was probably thinking you’d need as much extra strength as possible seeing as we’re allowed to bring back several trees so we can decorate around the Yule table,’ Steve points out, ‘and I don’t know why you think me coming is as bad as Buck coming along. I didn’t exactly encourage him that time you know.’
The Asgradians had not been happy to learn of Loki’s new found title, and Bruce had had to take over being their diplomat until Thor’s return. Something the scientist was not particularly comfortable with, but had agreed to after some persuasion from Fury. Bucky feels for Bruce, and he can tell the external strains on each of them is starting to fray at the already tentative relationship he and Natasha had been trying to rekindle. He isn’t sure they’ll last long.
‘Barnes?’ Wade’s so surprised by his appearance he turns to look, giving Francis the opportunity to break away and start backing up towards the exit. ‘Shit! Get your ass back here Francis. Your throat has a date with my katana!’
As always here's your sneak peek (and sorry in advance!):
‘What do you talk about?’
Love always,
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry this is later than planned, I've been struggling to find time to write recently. So basically I'm planning to upload chunks at a time. I'm part way through the Yule chapters and as soon as they're finished I'll upload them, same with the Christmas ones and New Years. Sorry! Work and Christmas prep just caught up with me.
‘Yeah,’ Quill laughs, ‘sounds stupid but I couldn’t walk past this one. Something in the back of my mind…’
Peter nods and gets to his feet, gesturing for Wanda to follow as he begins to remove his shirt, revealing the blue and red costume underneath. Tony can’t help but feel proud of him.
‘Oh don’t worry, sweetheart,’ Tony’s grin is devilish, ‘that was just one of my fantasies.’
Loki discovers something about his past.
As his guest starts to leave he stands up to show him to the door. ‘Hail HYDRA.’
Natasha laughs and ruffles his hair. ‘I’m a spy, kid, I’ve been taught to remember stuff like that remember? Besides,’ he arm comes to rest across his shoulders, ‘of course I’m going to remember when you tell me about something you enjoy or want to do.’
‘Thanks, Baby Boy,’ Wade mutters.
. Any objections?’
‘Quill aren’t you from Earth?’ Mantis asks.
‘You couldn’t have anyway,’ Bucky points out, voice quiet.
As always here's your sneak peek:
Tony downs his drink and shakes his head. ‘This is
Tony sees red.
again,’ Loki groans.
‘Thanks Wade!’
‘You didn’t have to,’ he says, opening the small box and finding a handmade woven brand, there’s a flatter part of the rope-like material that has his name engraved on it.
The team look at each other in bewilderment. ‘Do we have to get it finished today?’ Steve asks.
died. But…there’s been those HYDRA shits that were coming to the bar and mentioning Ajax, then when I was on the mission before purple bollocks face turned up there were just so many things that were turning up that had
Tony waves him off. ‘Forget the money, Lang. And who the hell is Ralph?’ Scott holds up a finger where Tony can see an ant crawling. ‘That’s slightly disturbing.’
‘Why do we have to do that dance though?’ she demands. ‘Why not change which one we do?’
‘Wade we just kicked ass. We
‘If you take one step towards them I’m kicking you out of the bed for a week,’ Tony warns him. ‘It took
‘Oh yeah, forgot about them,’ he mutters to Wade.
‘Yeah not really buying it,’ he snorts.
‘The Weapon-X programme?’ Natasha asks from across the table. Peter is conscious that everyone has gone quiet, listening to Wade’s story.
Peter just laughs and then follows Tony downstairs to the car.
‘What?’ both the men ask at the same time and he resists the urge to roll his eyes.
‘Not one more step you giant lump of Jell-o’ Tony says, landing with a thump between Thanos and the two Avengers.
‘Spare me the words, Winter Warrior,’ Loki cuts him off, though his tone is not aggressive, ‘I don’t tend to believe them anymore. Words are like wind: here one minute and then gone the next. You attempted to defend me and Peter against Strange, I will take that as apology enough.’
‘Just wanted to check you weren’t going to work through the night and have an irate Captain to deal with tomorrow morning,’ he chuckles.
A/N: Hi everyone. Hope you've all had a good week and you enjoyed this chapter, including Steve realising exactly who he'd been speaking to. Poor Steve haha.
‘Right, let’s see what they have to say,’ Steve says, leading the way with T’Challa and Loki. Natasha walks a few steps behind with Strange and Tony hovering at her side.
; and not to mention the shouting
‘Do you think the Jotuns enjoyed it?’
‘Taking into account all the ones I’ve been at since: yes,’ she counters.
‘You say this,’ Steve’s grin is wicked and Tony is tested to his limit not to reach in and kiss those lips, ‘yet you’re still trying to get my clothes off.’
The rapid gunfire makes it almost impossible to tell which of them is making the shot before they’ve all shot their first round.
‘So Steve,’ Sam laughs, ‘how does it feel to be outed by a teenager?’
‘Ross is calling for enhanced individuals to be registered,’ Tony picks up again, ‘it’s only a matter of time before we get restricted on our movements as well. With his links to HYDRA, I wouldn’t be surprised if it doesn’t take long for enhanced individuals to be sent to special camps for containment. All of this, because of the Accords.’
‘Well,’ Thor chuckles, ‘it will stop
‘We better get back to the fight, Stark,’ Strange says, landing next to him, ‘Thor will need our help after snapping us back.’
he thinks with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
‘Booooring,’ the mercenary cackles and the two of them start hacking away at the smaller branches.
Peter confides his worries to Deadpool, and then gets called in for a mission later in the week.
‘Can I come in?’ his answer comes in the form of the door opening with tendrils of red light. He walks in, pressing the door closed behind him with his hip.
‘We do,’ Peter forces the words from his throat. Taking a deep breath he looks up from the table at Doctor Strange. ‘Do you think you can help me look at Venom’s memories? Like we did when you checked to see if he was still there?’
about trying to harm the two of them, and if any survived they then had to face his partner. Lady Spider was beautiful but even the bravest monster was scared of her for she could defeat swarms of them effortlessly, without even letting a single hair on her head fall out of place.’
‘Yes,’ Tony frowns at him. ‘Shouldn’t you be nice to the person you’re stuck in the scary cave system with?’
‘Except they didn’t let me put on Die Hard,’ he sulks.
‘No way,’ Bucky mutters.
‘Well, well, nice of you two to finally show your faces,’ Brock grumbles when they enter the room and find the rest of the squad there. ‘Now you’ve been free from hospital for two weeks it’s like we see you even less, Barnes.’
‘Yeah well as I’ve already told you, we don’t know any Wilson and I’m definitely not having underage kids in my bar. Now unless you want to buy a drink I suggest you both leave.’
‘Because HYDRA managed to infiltrate SHIELD? That’s why these safeguards are in place?’ Steve asks.
‘Wow he sounds thrilled to be doing this,’ Bucky laughs.
‘-and Loki’s in Jotunheim,’ Bucky finishes.
‘But you’ve not killed anyone in New York since we started hanging out,’ Peter argues. ‘Well,’ he turns away from the merc as he remembers, ‘except for that one time anyway.’
‘Core control would be good for climbing,’ she tries again.
‘What? But-
‘And there’s two more: Peter’s and…one for Wade? How do they even know Deadpool is part of the team?’
Steve nods, blinking as he tries to bring himself back under control. ‘Meet in the briefing room in fifteen minutes for an update. FRIDAY pass on the message.’
‘I assume the same thing I am,’ another voice, this one sounding decidedly upset, pipes up as another man in a red suit climbs over the fire escape of the building. ‘Didn’t realise Spidey had asked for your help tonight too, Red.’
, Peter thinks, hugging himself tighter. ‘I imagine it’s the same as you,’ she concludes.
he thinks bitterly. So he’s more than a little surprised at the metal fist connecting with his face and sending him sprawling from where he’s been sitting at the breakfast bar.
‘You gave me a nudge so you could find a way to control me,’ Wanda snarls.
Steve, Natasha and Clint check out a lead, and get a nasty surprise
‘Me? Ah nothing much, Baby Boy. Just my usual date with Jack and Daniel.’
‘Yeah, that’d be good,’ Scott groans, moving the ice pack to the other side of his face.
‘It has been a pleasure to meet you, Matthew Murdock,’ Loki shakes the lawyer’s hand. ‘And I imagine you can appreciate how little I say that.’
Don't worry I haven't forgotten the sneak peek:
‘Tony you’ve basically adopted the kid. Everyone knows that. Hell I’m sure even all the vigilantes in New York know that Iron Man has adopted Spider-Man and that’s why he doesn’t get a lot of trouble from them. You’ll spend the majority of Christmas Day wishing he could be here with the team, and Wanda definitely will seeing as they’re brother and sister in all but blood at this point.’
If possible the tension gets even thicker, and Peter finds it difficult to breathe as Deadpool lowers the chimichanga back down to the plate and looks to the side. ‘Suppose you’re right,’ he sighs. ‘But seeing as my face would put anyone off their food, the mask stays on, so we’re not on a date.’
‘Don’t ask,’ Wanda suggests, ‘she
‘Only that he wants to tear the Avengers apart,’ he replies, ‘reclaim the two assets they’ve stolen from us, and take his own revenge.’
‘Tony?’
After three more obstacles, during one of which Flash had apparently found himself brave enough to make a joking comment on Peter’s lack of ability, Steve takes them to the last one which also happens to be Peter’s favourite.
Steve laughs. ‘We’re going in together then I take it?’
‘No worries,’ he shrugs. ‘Now lets catch up to those two before Bucky decides to chop down a tree that isn’t actually for sale.’
Peter feels something inside of him hurt at the older man’s tone. ‘Of course we are.’
Peter laughs. ‘Don’t bother, Harry, he isn’t worth it. Come on I’ll show you guys where you’ll be staying.’
‘Not as much as I should be,’ he admits, ‘all I know is that Jotuns can create weapons of ice as an extension of their limbs, and I have seen them able to create ice in their immediate area.’
‘Yes boss?’
‘You’ve had a lot of choices taken away from you, especially recently,’ Steve says quietly, ‘I don’t want to take away any from you here.’
"There are times when you're almost a worthy adversary," the second-to-the-left Doom said.  "At the moment, however, you are simply in my way."  He raised his right hand, and shot a stream of energy toward Tony's face.
Tony resisted the impulse to tug at the IV in the crook of his left arm — he must have still been dazed when they'd put it in, or he'd have reminded the doctors that he was left handed and it would be his right arm with tubes and needles stuck in it — and ignored the fact that what he most wanted to do at the moment was lie back down on the depressingly familiar infirmary bed and close his eyes.  "Have you tried pin-pointing their locations with their communicators?"
Wanda let her carry-on bag fall to the muddy ground of Strange's minuscule front yard – a tiny patch of green that was a spacious luxury by Manhattan standards – and limped up the front steps, walking straight through the non-existent "Starbucks – Coming Spring of '08" banner.
"I'm going to need to recalibrate my armor again," Tony added. If anything, he looked pleased at the thought. "Do I have your permission to go, doctors?" He offered the room - minus Steve - a small smirk that once again looked at home on his face, though the lack of a moustache to frame it was still jarring.
And Tony wouldn't have been able to say no. He suspected it was beyond mortal power to refuse Steve when he looked you in the eye and asked you to go to bed with him (he said it that way, too, "Go to bed with me," because he was adorably old fashioned and incapable actually saying things like, "Tony, I want you to let me fuck you into the mattress.").
There were two SHIELD agents at the top of the stairs, and another outside the bunker. She didn't even bother to kill them, just put them on the ground as fast as she could and ran. The moment she crossed the bunker's threshold and hit outside air, the stomach-twisting lurch of the teleportation took her.
He'd been upset, visibly so, and then he'd been fine – or had
"I didn't feel anything creepy around it," Sam told her, "but people whose opinions I trust think it's dangerous."
“I can’t talk about the cloning thing right now,” he said roughly.  Or Bill, or –“  his voice cracked, and he paused, swallowing audibly.  “Look, you can come back later and we can talk things over like adults, or you can stay here, and we can scream profanity at each other.  Your choice.  I can’t do this now.”  His face twisted, and he dropped his head into his hands, his breathing harsh.
,’ the soldier pouts, falling onto his back as Tony finally manages to get his top off, ‘don’t I get something for winning?’
‘His wife,’ he replies, fitting the key into the side door and, taking a deep breath, turns the lock. With a quiet
‘And Carol?’
, Peter muses, knowing that Mr Stark wants him to keep up with the reports. He’s not entirely sure why, seeing as he’s technically off the ‘training wheels’ program; but he enjoys the chance to reflect on what he’s managed to achieve.
‘Nat-’
‘You are awake,’ the woman has a frankly creepy voice, but it’s not bad to listen to exactly. Just something about it that makes me nervous. ‘I was wondering if you would wake up any time soon. But then using Infinity Stones does take a phenomenal amount of energy.’
The assassin smiles. ‘Of course. Just as long as he answers his phone this time,’ she laughs.
A/N: Hi everyone! There's a slightly earlier update this week as EndGame is officially out in the UK! I'm sure anyone who has already seen it is going to need some emotional support, and those of us still to see it will need it in the future. There will be another update Friday/Saturday depending on when I get chance to update, so a double update spread out a bit more through the week.
‘Sam, no!’ he hears Nat’s shout as two hands push into his shoulders and he’s falling.
‘I owe you one!’ he shouts over his shoulder as he continues towards the finish line.
‘At least he now believes the Stark Internship story,’ Ned mutters.
They trade blows for a couple of minutes until he finds his opening. There’s silence for a couple of moments after he manages to pin her to the floor.
‘Catching up on information with another friend.’
‘How much longer will you need to be in the States for the trial?’ Steve asks.
back.’
‘Right,’ Steve forces the word past his closing throat and careful picks up the broken genius. It’s terrifying how light he feels, and Steve makes sure his shield is covering as much of Tony’s body as possible as he starts to move.
‘Come on,’ Steve moves his hand down to take hold of Tony’s, ‘we need to get you washed or you could end up worse than you already are.’
Peter groans. ‘I don’t want to think about it. What are you doing this weekend?’
‘For a start,’ Pepper nods, with seemingly unending patience.
‘Wakanda Forever!’ T’Challa shouts, earning himself a chorus of replies from his army as his helmet slips into place.
‘Peter, we didn’t think,’ Tony says, tone calming, ‘we’re sorry, why don’t we just take a couple of breaths and then we can-’
‘I felt it, Stevie, and I’m not sure I could tell you.’
‘Oh. Wait one moment,’ he opens a portal next to them, and Natasha’s surprised face can be seen on the other side. ‘Please come and join us, Widow.’
,’ she butts in again. ‘I don’t think we’d cope if you did
Tony sits up, startled by the intruder into his thoughts, and sees Vision standing in the doorway, the mind stone glowing on his forehead. He shakes his head as the humanoid takes a seat opposite him. ‘I will, Vision, I promise. I’m just-’
‘Way to be encouraging, asshole,’ Bucky grumbles.
‘There’s something weird about the weapon the alien guy used,’ Peter replies, frowning over the screen in front of him, he’s still in his suit but his mask is on the table, ‘it seems to be actively stopping Vision’s body from healing and completely preventing him from phasing.
,’ he replies. ‘Just not alone.’
Everyone arrives at the compound ready to begin the Christmas celebrations
‘Wow you really do have some strong stuff going on there don’t you?’ Agatha laughs. ‘You know, I’m tempted to try and keep you for myself rather than drain you completely. I’m sure I could convince you to come on a few candlelit dinners. What do you say?’
‘Tony,’ Tony blinks and looks up into Steve’s worried blue eyes. When had the soldier moved?
‘Then the bedrooms?’ Natasha suggests. ‘I don’t know about you guys but I felt like I’d made a clone out of dust by the end of last night.’
Steve doesn’t have a reply to that. They reach the glass doors to the workshop and look through, seeing the hunched figure of Tony passed out on his workbench, facing away from the door.
‘You’re the best, Tony.’
‘Tony I know I don’t deserve to have such an incredible man in my life,’ Steve cuts him off before he can properly start his sentence, ‘not after every reason that I’ve given you to run in the opposite direction. You’ve proven again and again how incredibly strong you are, and you show every day just how much you care about those around you; you are the most intelligent, creative, amusing man I know and it is an honour to know you and to have you in my life. I’ll never be alive long enough to do enough to be worthy of your love but I’m willing to do everything I can to come close if you’d let me. Tony Stark, I love you, will you marry me?’
He’d done it alone. And he was
if I let some bastard turn me against my friends again, alright? But if you’re not interested I’ll go find someone else.’ He turns to leave, feeling like a fool for having even entertained this idea.
Anyway hope you enjoy these two chapters, hopefully I will get some more of the Christmas story written this weekend so I can start posting it next week.
There’s a pause on the end of the phone, then Wade sighs. ‘I’ll ask around Sister Margaret’s and see what I can dig up. Not sure what any of those fuckwits will be able to tell us, but it’ll be a start; and I’ll get Weasel on the case. Then I’ll start heading out from there and see what I can find.’
There’s a round of soft laughter at that statement. ‘Idiot,’ Natasha rolls her eyes, her voice is fond though.
‘I don’t care where it goes,’ Bruce’s voice is tired, ‘just as long as it isn’t near me.’
He hears the soldier sigh. ‘Tony when was the last time you took a break?’
‘Responsible and Wade in the same sentence? Now I’ve definitely heard everything,’ Peter says.
So I am going to say I was about halfway through writing the smut scene with Steve and Tony, and then it just didn't feel right having it in this story. I don't know why it just didn't seem to fit. Sorry I know some of you have probably been waiting to get around to it. Maybe there'll be some in future instalments of the series, but not yet. To be fair I feel that smut, like torture, scenes are better when they're left more to your imagination. I'm sure you can fill in the blanks with something much more satisfying than if I just gave it to you!
‘How many hostages, Secretary?’ Rhodes asks, slipping into what Wanda has come to recognise as his ‘military face’.
‘And what exactly is that?’ Wade asks.
‘How’s this?’ Natasha asks, before a loud blast comes through the comms.
To say it had been a hectic few days would be underselling it in Peter’s opinion. When Wade had snapped with the gauntlet made from Tony’s suit and wiped out Thanos’ army the first thing he’d felt had been relief, only to have it replaced by a gut wrenching despair as Wade had fallen to the ground, unmoving, and remained like that for three days.
Christmas Day at the Avengers' Facility
‘Try not to suffocate,’ Harry laughs.
‘Now, now, Sergeant,’ she admonishes him, ‘we don’t like that kind of defeatist talk.’
Bucky shakes his head, the grin still on his face. ‘You going or what?’
Bucky barks out a laugh and Tony hears Peter groan. ‘Did you
‘Pot, kettle much,’ he grumbles and heads over to the soldiers. He gives Bucky a ‘help me’ look at he approaches but Bucky just smiles at him encouragingly.
‘What the hell was that?’ he demands.
deer I might be able to find something for you,’ Tony sighs, ‘but the majority of the things you want to hunt either don’t exist on this planet or are endangered and you’re not
of you, in my lane, and you decided to come across
‘Hulk get flag!’ he roars, jumping over her to land in front and then snatching the flag from her, nearly sending her sprawling from the force of it. ‘Hulk wins!’
‘Well then,’ Steve’s voice is quiet and the kiss he presses to his lips is soft. Then he catches Tony unawares by lifting him up and pinning him against the wall with his body, Tony wrapping his legs around his waist to keep himself in place.
‘What did he say that made you storm off?’
is awesome,’ he says, going to one of the cabinets and peering inside. ‘It’s a good thing Wade isn’t here or he’d have lost his head,’ he chuckles to himself, looking at the mace behind the glass cabinet. ‘This place supposed to be a home or a museum?’
‘He’s got a bit of a headache but he’s conscious,’ Natasha responds, just as the man himself walks in with Rhodey at his side.
A/N: Hello everyone. Firstly I am so sorry to everyone who has left a comment in the past two weeks for not responding yet. I'll be honest I don't have a good excuse, just that I've gotten distracted by writing that I had completely forgotten I needed to respond. The next instalment is proving difficult to write so I've been taking inspiration where I can. I will be responding this weekend I promise.
He’s pulled from his thoughts as Thor stands up and addresses the gathered crowd, Clint makes his way to stand next to him as they listen to the thunder god. ‘Greetings, friends. Today is the day we remember and honour the memory of those that we have lost. As it has been so long since we have gathered in this way we have many more to remember than usual. We have nominated representatives from different places to say the names of the fallen, I shall begin with the noble dead of Asgard.’
May puts an arm over his shoulders. ‘Oh, Peter honey it wasn’t your fault at all. You know as well as I do it was a mugging gone wrong.’
‘Well they’d better believe it if we go through all this trouble to get them translated,’ Tony quips.
‘Pete, what do you want us to do?’ Tony laughs, cutting off the teen’s rambling.
‘How did you know?’ the teen’s eyes are huge.
‘Oh cool, where are those ones? Do you think we could go visit an archaeological dig? I bet that would be so much fun.’
Peter had been having the time of his life talking with the Jotuns about life on a different planet, and Bucky had had to hold in his laughter when Tony, Steve, Natasha
‘Thanks,’ he tries to fight back the blush he can feel rising. Tony’s been organising all this to make sure he felt more comfortable about this whole thing when they’ve barely been talking to each other. He looks over again at the dark haired man, who is expertly guiding his partner through the dance.
‘No way,
‘Onwards, friends!’
‘I’ve no time for your games, Stark. Now move and I’ll overlook this little show of yours.’
‘But brother-’
‘I’ll do my best. But if Steve starts blowing up HYDRA again, I might not be able to avoid it on the news.’
That’s what it all came down to: time. If Tony is honest he has contemplated trying to get Doctor Strange to help, but he’d rather not owe that man a favour. He’s annoying enough as it is.
‘This is JARVIS,’ Peter yawns, eyelids starting to droop.
‘I didn’t want to put the pressure on Mom to cook this year,’ Rhodes says, ‘which you know she’ll insist on doing if I go over there. But it seems weird not going to see her for Christmas.’
Wanda screams, causing Bucky to loosen his grip on Peter’s throat and he collapses to the floor, coughing as he gasps air into his lungs. The super soldier has his ears covered from the noise. The HYDRA soldiers seem to be panicking and then the door bursts open.
. He texts Tony.
‘Kid where are you getting your energy from?’ Sam asks. ‘Oh no, no hot chocolate for you!’ He swipes the mug out of the teenager’s reach.
‘You didn’t tell me it was Father Christmas on his day off.’
‘Sorry are we interrupting?’ Wanda laughs as she walks in ahead of Tony.
‘Show off,’ they tell him in near-perfect unison. He just flashes a grin at them.
‘And another one down and another one down, another one bites the dust!’ Wade rushes past them both, singing and firing as he goes.
Peter frowns in confusion, then goes to pick up the box, his eyes go wide when he opens it. ‘Wow these are for me? How did you get them with the web design?’
‘Very good point,’ he agrees, ‘FRIDAY? Add it to my to-do list.’
‘Speaking of Peter, you sure you don’t want to have a word with
‘That’s an
The girl simply cackles as her character apparently send’s Peter’s off the track, putting her in first place.
Loki laughs and nods, pointing above them. ‘Sorry to disappoint you,’ he says, voice soft.
‘You’re kidding me!’ Andrew takes the letter from Rumlow. ‘These are like gold dust!’
She smiles then and nods, squeezing his hand back. ‘Remind me to get Nat to teach me more self-defence when we get back.’
going to want you to see this.’ Grumbling Dopinder does as he’s told and walks off, then Weasel waves Buck away and turns back to Peter. ‘He’s on a job. Last minute thing, but I had a call from him earlier and he should be back tonight. You going to leave if I tell him to call or are you going to insist on waiting? I take it I don’t have to worry about any of the guys bothering you.’
Love always,
Loki queries.
‘You want to give the King of Wakanda a knitted sweater you be my guest. I reserve the right to film the interaction,’ Tony smirks.
"I didn't know Mr. Hogan very well, but he always seemed like a real nice guy," Steve said awkwardly, "and I know Tony misses him a lot."
Tony shook his head, seizing on the distraction with, not relief exactly, but something close to it. "No. I'll be wearing a tuxedo or suit of some kind, whatever Jan decides to inflict on me. In black, not white, before you ask. She's apparently designing it to compliment Steve's mess dress."
She appeared in a cloud of blood-red smoke that gave off so palpable a sense of
Tony drew in a deep, slightly shaky breath. "And it made me think, that... I was hoping that... does that offer you made me still stand?"
The hallway proved to already be empty of Tony. It did, however, contain Sam, who was standing in the open door of his room, a paperback book in one hand. "First Tony, now you," he said, shaking his head slightly. "What are you doing up? You looked pretty beat before, and you just went to bed a couple hours ago."
"Actually, he's six foot two," MJ told him. "I used to play pool with him. Luke Cage is a lot taller."
Several minutes later, Steve was lying on the shower floor with Tony a heavy weight on top of him, his wet hair sticking to Steve's neck.
Everybody knew. All the promises he'd extracted from Steve and Wanda to say nothing, and he'd blurted the truth of his pregnancy out in front of half the team in a moment of utter, thoughtless stupidity.
Tony dodged another blast of invisible force, and fired at the Doombot still hammering on Steve's shield.  It exploded in a miniature fireball that burned both green and orange-white, and the nearly invisible magical explosion that shadowed it stank of Chthon.  "Only to the Helicarrier," he said, "and only if I divert power from the rest of the armor's systems to boost the signal.  Sorry.  Without Extremis-"
"You were awesome," Peter said.
He surrendered the chair to her, reluctantly stepping back from Tony’s bedside, and watched for several endless minutes as Wanda held her bandaged hands over Tony’s even more heavily bandaged torso.
"I thought you were through with being a hired killer." Steve's voice was even, quiet, and his hands were gentle as he swabbed hydrogen peroxide over the three-inch slice along Barnes's ribs.
"I just wish I knew why she brought me back," Clint went on.
"I didn't do it on purpose!" Wanda's voice was rough, almost shrill. "Clint knows that. Tony and Cap know that. I've tried to tell Simon, but he won't talk to me – your girlfriend hung up on me when I called."
Tony didn’t actually roll his eyes, but something about his expression implied the motion anyway.  “As long as you don’t do that pornographic thing I’ve seen you do with Sharon and slide me through your legs.”
He hadn't slept in nearly two days, and one of Kang's guards had thrown him through a wall this afternoon. The hospital staff had tentatively suggested keeping him overnight along with Simon, but Tony had been adamant that he was fine, and Steve had let it go. Maybe he shouldn't have. "Oh," Steve managed, feeling suddenly guilty for imagining pornographic things about his possibly concussed teammate, and only partially aware of what he was saying. "Well, I guess if we're going by that definition, it counts."
tried to stop him, when he'd discovered what Tony was doing. "And then people would have died. Maybe not right away, but eventually."
Sin pivoted on her good leg and lunged at Steve, the spear's head skidding across the face of Steve's shield with an awful, metallic shriek that he'd never heard anything that had hit the shield make before.
"Take her," she told Byrne, as she knelt by the table, trying to disentangle the girl's arms from around her neck. "Make sure nobody hurts her."
"I do not care what you prefer to be called. And if you wish to continue our association, you will stay away from Barnes. He is unimportant. Only Strange and Murdock matter." And Richards, of course, but Doom would see to him later. Once he possessed the power locked within Baldur's Bane, he would make Richards grovel at his feet. The thought of the man's skinny body writhing in agony on the flagstone before him was a pleasure to indulge in later, however.
Hank froze like a deer caught in headlights.
His back throbbed hotly where he'd hit the lamppost; it was probably going to bruise. The armor made rubbing at the injury a useless gesture, but he did it anyway. Steve would probably tell him that bruises would remind him to pay more attention to the fight next time, and he'd be right. If he hadn't been wearing the armor, he could have broken his back.
Tony shook his head slightly. "We have to. We have to take control of the story now, before it spins out of control."
She hadn’t even been able to remember exactly what he took.  Not Wellbutrin, that wasn’t right – that had been the second one they’d tried, after the SSRIs and the first not-lithium mood stabilizer had just made things worse.
Carol had never been able to stay on a team long enough to earn that – first there was Marcus, then she'd lost her Binary powers and had to leave the Starjammers, and then she'd fucked up her shot at the Avengers again with the drinking, and then she left the Avengers to work for the government once she'd earned her slot back. And she'd enjoyed the work, before the SHRA started, but... On the other hand, if she'd been given that kind of easy forgiveness, she might still be drinking. Or maybe they'd all have put up more of a fight to stop her from going off with Marcus.
Steve nodded, not really sure what he was supposed to say. He had no intention of hiding his relationship with Tony, but the idea that he could just come out and tell people that he was involved with another man was still new to him.
"I'm taking you to the Modern," Tony told him, as if it had already been discussed and decided upon.
Tony's face was grey, and there were lines of pain around his mouth that hadn't been there a minute ago. He looked… bad. Sick.
made the earth beneath his feet vibrate. It was followed, a half a second later, by an explosion.
"I know," Clint agreed. "I mean, I didn't know. I..."  Maybe Cage and Rand were looking for an extra member for their Heroes for Hire group. Or maybe Rhodes would take him on as part of his superhero training program. Working with Rhodey wouldn't be so bad; he'd done it before, and it had worked well before half their teammates had been... possessed. Oh God.
Hank dropped to one knee, braced a hand against the wall, and began to grow, stopping only when his shoulder was in danger of brushing against the energy grid.  Then he took the chain attached to Don's right wrist in both hands, and threw his weight against it, pulling for all he was worth.
Clint shook his head. "I left her there," he said, grimly. "I should have gone back for her after the mind control wore off. Even just from a tactical standpoint, it was stupid, even taking what I thought I'd seen at face value — she had enough power left to mindwhammy me, even without her memories, and I just left her there with possibly uncontrolled powers she maybe didn't even know she had?" He gestured vaguely at himself. "What kind of superhero does that make me? Other than a stupid one, I mean."
"You never know when you might accidentally end up being shrunk and trapped in an ants' nest."
If felt as if he were standing slightly outside himself, watching someone else lock herself in the bathroom stall and pull off her suit jacket and vest, unfasten her trousers, and-
Clint had pushed himself to his feet, his hand moving automatically to his shoulder as if he were reaching for the quiver he wasn't wearing; he'd left the arrows in the quinjet, joking that the last thing he wanted was to be stabbed with one of his own weapons again.
Steve shook his head. "All the priceless historical artifacts in there, and they walk out with a book. Why break into a museum just to steal a book?"
"Oh," Tony said. "Good."
This was all... Clint felt like he was missing parts of the conversation. They'd both been mind controlled, she was sorry she'd slept with him, she wasn't sorry she'd slept with him; she'd wanted to, she hadn't wanted to. He tried asking about one of the parts he was mostly sure of. "So... you don't want me to leave the team, then?"
It would have been so much easier if he'd never told Steve in the first place - he hadn't intended too, until Wanda had forced the issue. He could have just gone ahead and quietly gotten an abortion without anyone being the wiser, and then it would have been as if the whole nightmare had never happened.
Rhodey nodded slowly, and smiled a little. "I know what you mean." He snorted, adding, "Thank god there's only one of him. I don't think I could take it if I had to worry about more high maintenance, self-destructive people."
Hank had nearly gotten the entire team killed before he'd snapped out of it. Tony had nearly gotten himself killed before he'd managed to snap out of the drinking.
house.
What did Chthon want in Hell's Kitchen?
Tony faltered for a moment, completely missing the opening Steve had deliberately left in his defenses in order to lure him into an attack and get him off balance again. "You would never hurt me," he protested.
They were both staring at him now, Hill appraising and Sharon visibly disturbed, when footsteps sounded behind him.
"Fine. I will." Wanda stepped aside, pointedly moving out of the path to the door. "Don't break the door on your way out."
Wiring things to zap would-be thieves had worked with Tony's possessions at boarding school, and it worked with cars now.
didn't hurt you," she added.
he said.
"Yeah. You know, you might want to rethink 'lying to people for their own good' as a leadership strategy."
She lashed out at him with the borrowed magic, feeling a surge of triumph at the pained howl that echoed in her skull, and wrenched her own powers free of the spell that bound them. Reality rippled around her, something that had been warped out of true snapping back into place. The cathedral's massive pipe organ rang like a struck gong, a great chord of sound that echoed discordantly off the stone walls and high, vaulted ceiling.
Clint leaned against the wall, pressing one hand to the puncture wound on his leg. It wasn't really bleeding anymore, but it hurt, and as soon s people started poking at it, it was going to hurt more. Cap and the Falcon had told him to come down here, Clint reasoned. They hadn't actually told him to go over to the nurse's station and fill out paperwork. So he wasn't actually ignoring Cap's orders by just standing here. Plus, once he actually got someone to look at him, he would have to explain to people exactly how he'd been injured -- "You see, doc, first she stabbed me in the arm with a fork, and then she grabbed one of my own arrows and stabbed me in the leg" -- and having to admit to that was just all kinds of lame.
But even after Winter was, for the most part, shoved into a tiny box never to be opened again, Bucky had still stayed. He’d immediately accepted the pregnancy as part of Tony, and had treated him no different than anyone else. He never explicitly said anything, of course, but Tony knows that Bucky was ready to step in the minute the baby was born.
The last thing either of them need is to give explanations right now. Hell, Bucky can’t even explain him and Tony to himself, and he’s in his own head.
“Just get to the point, Stark,” Steve barks, and Tony’s getting confused by the names. Is he Tony or is he Stark? And why does it matter so much? Why is it bothering him like this? He shakes his head and turns to face Steve head-on.
He remembers Bucky slipping his fingers, literally, their grip loosening further and further until Bucky was plummeting, screaming, to what Steve was sure was his inevitable death.
“You knew before I did,” Tony says, laughing. They both ignore the slightly rueful undertone to the tinkling sound, and Bucky shrugs.
The atmosphere they’ve created in the dark kitchen is quiet, warm, safe. Bucky wishes he felt like this all the time. At the end of the room there’s a large window, and Bucky can just barely see a sliver of the moon. That little sliver, however, still manages to send dim silver light through the whole room, flooding it softly. He contemplates the fragility of the moonlight that’s pouring through the window, thinking of how tangible it looks and how easily it could be broken if it was.
Then he keeps laughing hysterically, because of all the people he expected to be leaving him now, Bucky was the last one. Sure, Bucky had left him before, and okay, maybe Tony had been worried he was going to a couple of weeks ago, but now? Never.
Steve laughs, his whole demeanor suddenly changing. “That did seem to happen a lot, didn’t it?”
“So…” Rhodey starts out carefully, and Tony watches him wearily, knowing what’s coming. “Steve…?”
“Always,” he shoots back cheekily, and pulls the smaller man into his arms. “I’m still so sorry,” he says after a while, breathing the words into soft black hair. “Wasn’t my place.”
“Because you fucked me? It’s been a month!” Tony tells him incredulously. He’s all but forgotten about it, himself.
Tony was only three months out from giving birth, entering his third and final trimester, and sometimes Bucky could almost smell the nervousness radiating off of him. The light quickening he’d just barely felt from Tony’s unborn daughter had erupted into whole movements, and it wasn’t uncommon for Tony to wince suddenly in the middle of a conversation, or rub a hand soothingly over his stomach with a crease between his eyebrows when a tiny foot struck his insides a little too hard.
He knows he’s way too tired to sleep, so he swings his feet over the side of the bed and wipes at his eyes furiously, hating the salty tears dripping down his nose. He staggers out of his door, not even bothering to put on a jacket or socks or shoes, only intent on getting to some sort of common area, desperate to find some sort of space that won’t just be him and his thoughts, that won’t have any sort of evidence pointing to
twenty.”
Bucky pauses, stopping the rhythmic motion of tearing his hand through his hair and yanking on it out of frustration instead.
Another light switch reveals an alcove in the corner of the room neither Bucky or Steve have seen before. It’s a small table tucked near the wall, and there’s a light fixture hanging high above it. Next to it is a hot water machine and a cardboard box full of packets.
And of course he did, he knew what pregnancy looked like, even in its earliest stages; his mother was a fucking nurse, for God’s sake. He’d chosen to stay silent, though, and that was his mistake. That was nearly unforgivable.
A small smile curls the end of his mouth. “Tony?” he says, his tone shockingly meek.
“Captain America coming out,” Bucky says and holds Steve’s eyes with his own.
Tony clears his throat and sits a little straighter, setting his jaw for what he’s about to say. “Steve, I think some other things are in order to be said, starting with what I have to say. I understand a lot more now, and I’m so sorry that I contributed, but I can’t just let it go that I’m pregnant with your child. I can’t, Steve. I can’t just completely sweep it under the rug and forgive you, start a friendship, maybe, and just forget about the fact that my daughter is a direct result of both our mistakes. But you know, honestly? I’m looking forward to having a little girl now. I hate how it happened, but also, you’re the one I have to thank for the amazing daughter I’m going to have, so I simply can’t hate you for it. She was, ah, part of the reason I was able to push away from you.
“Right, so, you know the Winter Soldier?” Steve’s eyes narrow.
While they were gone it was easy to not to think about Bucky, more concerned with the human growing in his stomach and being depressed over Steve, but once he came back? Back to fighting a losing battle.
“They’re going to be beautiful, Tony, I already know it,” she murmurs.
“Yes…?”
“What were you missing, Steve,” Tony asks softly, and watches as Steve visibly struggles with himself for a few seconds before Bucky gently takes one of his hands and rubs it once with his thumb before letting it go.
“I don’t understand.
Bucky’s own eyes were wide, his face a mixture of
Bucky nods again. “My brain is healing?”
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Tony murmurs behind him. It’s the next day after Steve rushed him to the workshop and Tony ripped his metal arm out of his socket, a memory that is sure to remain in Bucky’s damaged mind forever.
He couldn’t, though. He couldn’t take it. This was simply too much. This was it. He’d reached his breaking point. He couldn’t keep going like this, just keeping this inside with his traumatic memories.
He grits his teeth and forces himself to answer Tony. “I don’t feel a lot of pain,” he says, feeling the beginnings of a headache forming. That’s false, of course. He’s always had a low pain threshold, and no amount of experimenting could cure him from that.
It’s a question that is still haunting Bucky a whole month after the encounter. He’s had plenty of time to think it over, and for the life of him can’t figure out why he did that, why he lost control so badly. It scares him a little, to be honest, and he finds himself avoiding Steve, not anxious to see the other man after tearing up his work.
funny. Oh God, it’s like he’s in a bad movie. His lover gets kidnapped, and the main man is left with his lover’s (for lack of a better word) mistress, who, by coincidence, happened to knock the man up. The mistress and the man are already on shaky terms, so clearly what they need is one of the two things tying them together to leave.
The music playing in the background finally registered, and inspiration struck. "You're required to dance at least one dance at these things," Tony informed Rhodey. "The hosts insist on it. Let's go get it over with."
"That was stupid," Hank said, not looking up.
"Don't let Aunt May hear you say that," Peter cautioned. "It's rude to speak ill of people who are in hospital beds." The thing was, thinking about it, maybe he wasn't as mad as he thought he'd been. Or at the very least, wasn't as angry as he'd been a month ago. He'd never been very good at holding grudges, and now that Registration was mostly gone, he was having trouble holding on to his righteous indignation. With the source of his righteous indignation over and done with, he was finding it harder to come up with reasons to stay mad, he'd found himself resorting to petty things like, "His cat doesn't like me."
"Looks like we're on our own."  Carol picked up a second energy gun, squinted at its dented barrel for a moment, then shrugged and tossed it aside.  "Let's go find some more robots to smash."
Don wasn’t sure what Thor had been planning to do with her if he’d been able to drag her back to Asgard in chains as he’d hoped to.  He wasn’t sure Thor knew, either.  After the destruction of the Ragnarok, he’d been unwilling to kill another Asgardian, and for all that Loki herself had rejected the label, Thor still thought of her as an Asgardian.
The remnants of the magic Chthon had made her work to erase so many people's mutations would be vaporized if she turned this on them, no matter how much of the spear's energy it took.   Just a small pull on probability here, a twist of causality there, and reality would bend and reshape itself and Vision and Scott and Jack would never have died.   Her children would exist again, as if they had never stopped, and this time she'd have enough power to make them truly real.   They could be a family, herself and Vision and the twins, and Pietro, and-
"Technically, it's two hundred and seventy-six feet from the top of the tower to the water, and it was more of a sudden drop than a throw."
Cap was sitting in a chair next to the hospital bed, head bowed, one hand wrapped around the bed's metal railing. Tony was a motionless ball in the bed, which, yeah. That wasn't good.
"I can't stall anymore, can I?" he asked.
"More nightmares, huh?  Do you want to talk about it?"
"I wasn't planning on sleeping that long anyway," he added, after a moment.  "I hate sitting around twiddling our thumbs when psychopaths like Sin and Doom have two of our teammates.  There has to be something we can do."
"I need you," Tony breathed into Steve's open mouth. He had finally gotten the belt undone, was yanking the front of Steve's pants open. His fingers brushed against Steve, sending a jolt of electricity through him. "You won't lose me. Stay. Don't let me-"
"Glad to see you haven't left without me," she said, and extended one arm out toward Sam. "Grab on, Falcon. I'll give you some altitude."
"Do me a favor," Tony said, holding a hand up. "When you tell Steve that Wanda's still out there, don't bring up the 'sleeping with people while they're mind controlled, and whether or not it's assault' part."
he'd asked, surprised.
He had to have known his armor wouldn’t stand up to a weapon made out of uru, especially after seeing it scratch Steve’s shield.
Sin crouched low as the rotating camera mounted on the corner of the bunker swiveled in her direction, and gestured to the men behind her to do the same. The camera was angled to detect motion at long range; this close to the building, anything less than two feet off the ground was outside its field of view.
"Has anybody seen the cat?" Clint asked the room at large.
That actually almost made sense. It was disconcerting when magic made sense; the fact that it sometimes followed logical patterns and sometimes didn't was even worse than if it were entirely random, because what logic it did follow couldn't be relied upon.
Tony jerked his head around to stare at him, eyes wide. "What-"
Sam and Steve exchanged glances. "Forget the building sweep," Sam said. "The firemen can handle it."
"Actually, I really think he does. If I hadn't lost control of the clone, Bill would still be alive; he probably thinks I dishonored him by turning a version of him into a murderer."
"Tony-" Steve raised one hand, almost touching him, then let it drop. "I-"
Still, refusing would have been silly; turning down an offer of help to stay in cheap hotels out of her own sense of trite melodrama wouldn't help anyone, least of all the other guests in said hotels.
"Good idea," Tony said, pulling his gaze away from Steve's mouth to meet his eyes. "I promised Jarvis that you wouldn't break any more furniture."
Steve shifted his weight in the now-familiar plastic chair, which hadn't gotten any more comfortable. He'd been briefly dragged away by Sam and Clint in order to eat dinner, but otherwise he hadn't left Tony's side. And Tony hadn't woken up once.
Tony was very intently studying Rhodey's boot, as if prying tiny pieces of glass out of the mechanism required every single bit of his attention. His head was bent, wisps of hair hanging down over his eyes, and he'd already managed to acquire a thin smear of soot over one cheekbone.
"Maybe he has a crush on you," Wanda said sweetly. "You know, like Jack Monroe did."
Hyde's fist slammed into Steve's shield, the impact rendering his entire right arm numb. She-Hulk's superhuman strength would be very useful right about now, he reflected. Too bad she had already left for California. Tony and Sam were busy with Atlas, and Jan was occupied flying in circles around Zemo's head to draw the fire from his rifle and Adhesive X gun while Wanda steadily transformed the Mansion's front lawn into a living, vengeful obstacle course around him.
She wanted to refuse, a small, cowardly part of her wanting to put for as long as possible the moment when she would have to see her friends and family face-to-face and apologize for what she had done to them. Warring with that, though, was the need to see the rest of the Avengers for herself, to assure herself that Steve, Clint, Simon, and the others truly were all right. To go
What had caused it? Why had it only cured some of the mutants affected by M-Day? Was it permanent, or would the "cure" go away as abruptly as it had come? Everyone seemed to have some pet theory – Hank's working hypothesis was that it was magic, and he'd responded to Thor's automatic, "Nay, but what form of magic?" with a snarl of frustration, followed by a blank-faced look of surprise when he'd realized that Thor had actually addressed him directly. Unfortunately, that state of affairs had lasted only a few hours, until the surprise of M-Day's partial reversal had worn off, and Thor had swiftly gone back to pretending that Hank and Tony were not in the room.
"The security alarms at the Met just went off. I'm pulling up video from their cameras now." Compared to hacking into SHIELD's systems, hijacking the museum's security cameras was child's play. The datafeeds popped up in his head, dozens of mental screens to sort through, and the spike of pain in his left temple was instantaneous.
"Yes," Steve said. "After you get done staring enviously at the painting you almost bought," he added, "where do you want to go eat?"
Wanda nodded. "And I need to talk to Strange.  I know you don't want me going up against Doom or Chthon, but I have to do something."
"Maybe," Tony said, offering Steve a smile of his own. Yes, coffee would be good. "I should take a shower first, though. I have to leave in an hour." The process of dismantling the SHRA and revamping the Initiative had not gone as smoothly as they might have hoped; the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security had dragged their heels every step of the way, and Henry Gyrich had requested that Tony come to DC to light a fire under those officials who were reluctant to give up the notion of a government-controlled superhuman army.
Tony took a slow step back from Hank, who was holding himself rigid, as if expecting Tony to throw himself at him and tear his clothes off at any second. "It was my idea," Tony said. "I'm sorry, Hank, it was a stupid idea."
It was supposed to have been a fresh start. A new heart, to replace the cybernetic one. A new liver. A new
“Carol started it,” he returned.  She was right, though.  He would end up feeling like an idiot – an embarrassed idiot – if he actually called the other man that to his face.  It was the sort of thing Spiderman would do.
would kill us. He's already threatened to have Clint drag me back here by my heels if I panic and run off to the West Coast."
She twisted her fingers around each other, not looking back up to where Strange sat mercifully silent. The place inside her where Chthon had been felt empty, blessedly quiet. Her powers felt quiet, too. The last thing she could remember clearly before Mount Wundagore was chaos magic surging through her, warping the world around her at her slightest whim, too powerful for her to control, for anyone to control.
"Only if you rest," Don said. "You were unconscious for an hour, Tony," he added, before Tony could protest this. "You can play with your armor tomorrow."
If he touched it, he would twist it to his will the same way he had used and twisted her.
Any further discussion of Tony and sex and Steve was not going to be responsible for his actions, which would probably include something really embarrassing, like propositioning Tony.
Tony was wearing sweatpants and a white undershirt that had a long smear of black motor oil across the front, right over his heart. The dark circles the toxin had left under his eyes were gone, his hair was matted to his head with sweat, and he was grinning at Steve. It was an expression Steve didn't see nearly enough of these days -- one he'd never seen as often as he would have liked.
Tony, thankfully, had found him a discrete, private source for the mood stabilizers and anti-depressants Len had suggested, and some day she was going to have words with Reed Richards about his ridiculous 'you could just make this yourself' suggestion.
Hill showed up eleven minutes and thirty-five second later, Sharon Carter in tow. Tony was waiting for them outside the infirmary doors, leaning his shoulders back against the metal wall; Maya, Dr. Deodato, the rest of the medical staff, and the graying SHIELD operative currently having a row of stitches removed from her shoulder didn't need to be in on this conversation.
Steve had been right about over-using the Extremis; the headaches had been getting worse, and after the first nosebleed in months had hit him when he tried to do an everyday round of checking and answering email while running all the surveillance and data collection processes in the background, he had reluctantly taken Steve's advice and dropped the SHIELD connection, replacing it with a worm that he'd sent crawling through Fury's computers, programmed to send him notifications if anything of interest came up. He'd had to rewrite the code twice over the past week to keep SHIELD's IT specialists from tracking down and deleting his spy programs, more often than he'd expected to, but less often than he would have been satisfied with were he still head of SHIELD. Fury ought to be thanking him for the training exercise he was providing; SHIELD's personnel clearly needed it.
"In the name of the All-Seeing Agamotto, all thy powers I summon." The magic came in a rush, like light flooding into a room when curtains were pulled back, until he could feel it thrumming within and around him, so vast that the sweetness of wielding it came near the edge of pain.
"I know," Tony groaned. "It was inexcusably stupid of me. I was... distracted that time. This time, I have no excuse."
"Actually, I've been meaning to talk to you." Pepper waved at one of the chair by the desk, adding, "Why don't you come in?"
Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum was only a twenty minute walk from Hell's Kitchen. Thirty minutes, in heels. She could be at his door before full dark. Good. Chthon might be more powerful after dark.
Tony frowned, clearly thinking about protesting, then sighed. "I can't just sit around doing nothing."
She didn’t look as tired as she had for the first couple of days after Times Square, but the backs of her hands were still covered with bandaids, the thick, airtight ones you put over blisters and burns.  Did she still have Strange’s tattoos under there, or had they been burned off?
"I didn't expect your face to suddenly be between me and the robot," Hank said defensively, feeling his face heat. "Sorry." Clint's nose was the angry red of something that was going to start swelling soon, but it didn't look like it was bleeding, and Hank hadn't felt it crunch, so at least he hadn't broken it.
"Don't worry," Nick said, with a familiar wolfish grin. "I'll let you know."
There was a moment of silence, during which Tony imagined that he could hear Hill grinding her teeth, and then she said, "I'll be there in ten minutes," and hung up. Presumably, he was meant to note that she hadn't needed to ask where he was and be impressed by SHIELD's ability to track his cellphone signal.
What else could she make him bring her?
"You were older," Clint returned. "You should have been more mature; you should have been above all of that."
Steve broke the kiss, biting at Tony's lower lip just hard enough for him to feel it before he pulled away. "I can't imagine why they would think that." He took a few steps forward, nudging Tony ahead of him until the back of Tony's thighs were pressed against a stack of boxes; the entire stack would probably topple over if both of them rested their weight against it. "Try telling them no for once."
It was nearly nine, dinner had been over an hour ago, and where the hell was Tony? The last thing Steve had heard from him had been via Maria Hill, when she'd called to deliver a curt message that Tony had "discovered information which confirms that Sin is working with Victor von Doom." Then, when Steve had tried to ask questions, she'd hung up.
Tony didn't respond. He was sitting cross-legged on the floor of the lab, fiddling with a partially assembled anti-teleportation device, his head bent forward over a laptop. There were two StarkTablets lying on the floor on either side of him; a single portable computer was apparently an insufficient replacement for having the Extremis running at full capacity. He typed something into the laptop, machine-gun-fire fast, muttering, "If I increase the strength of the energy field until it can penetrate lead or two feet of concrete, the radiation it gives off goes above fifty millirems, and that's unacceptable."
Steve's hand went automatically to his ear, where his communicator should have been.  He'd left it in the room, tucked safely into a drawer.  Even the seconds he'd taken to put on his costume had been time they might not have had to spare, with the mansion under attack, and he'd taken off after Tony without even thinking of it, let alone stopping to dig it out.
When Tony handed it to him a few minutes later, he couldn't help running one hand over its polished metal surface, checking for the scratches he knew perfectly well wouldn't be there. Nothing could scratch or dent vibranium, except maybe for Thor's hammer, but old habits died hard. You looked after your equipment.
Steve only just managed to keep himself from crashing face-first into the floor, his knee slamming painfully into the metal flooring.  Damn it.  His reaction times were off; he'd practically handed Doom that escape.
He stared at Steve's chest, not meeting his eyes, as Steve went on, "You would have gone out and taken care of it on your own, without telling me or anyone else or asking anyone for help, just like you tried to do with your stolen armor."
"Is Jan all right?"
"I was twenty-six, and I was trying to lead the team on my own for the first time." He was staring at Tony again, one hand resting on the back of the chair he'd been sitting in when Clint came in. "And you were this obnoxious little punk," Cap went on, turning back to Clint, a sad little smile on his face. He reached down and, without looking, brushed Tony's hair out of his face.
"You said you and Hank Pym found an antidote?"
"I'd say you were lucky," he said. "There's no permanent damage from your ordeal. As far as Dr. Pym and I can tell, you're fine." He smiled at Wanda, and at Clint, over Wanda's shoulder. "Your brain patterns are normal, your blood work is normal, the genetic scan shows no alterations. You've lost about ten pounds, but that's not surprising considering the circumstances. I doubt Chthon bothered to feed you that often."
It probably said something about how much time they had all spent in one another's company that no one had to ask which of Wanda's various costume designs Clint was talking about.
Carol turned sharply, feeling a flash of guilty embarrassment at being caught snooping through Steve or Tony's reading material.
Thor whirled, hammer at the ready, only to find the room as empty as it had been before.
Hank made a grab for her, suddenly gaining at least six inches of height until his reach was longer than Sam's, and caught her by the arm.
"Stop her!   Blood sacrifice unlocks its power.
"Seven? I don't leave work until seven fifteen."
Right. There was one piece of luck. Sam donned his own gas mask, then dislodged a disgruntled Redwing talon-by-talon from his shoulder. "Sorry, buddy. We don't have any masks in your size." Redwing informed him that if something jumped Sam while he wasn't there to watch his back, it would Sam's fault, and that he was going to go back up to the roofline to watch the humans' pathetic attempts at flight some more.
"It's me, Morgan, you idiot," Tony hissed, through gritted teeth.
Steve glanced upward, his shield at the read to block falling debris.  "What was that?"
"It screws up the equipment," Receptionist Guy said helpfully.
Steve nodded. "I'm going back down."
The man complied, then tried to gut Steve with the serpent-headed dagger he wore strapped to his thigh.
"I think this may be a subtle message that normal people work from nine to five, not eight to seven, and you should consider leaving earlier today." Pepper was examining the PDA again, but Tony could hear a faint hint of satisfaction in her voice, and wondered who's idea the early reservations had actually been.
Tony winced. Self-loathing was a familiar feeling by now, almost soothing. Bringing up Faustus had been thoughtlessly cruel; he couldn't have come up with a response better calculated to hurt her if he'd tried, and the fact that he hadn't even meant to almost made it worse.
Numbers did them little good as long as he had a gun, Don thought, as he tried to get his feet under him.  He could use the wall to push himself upright again, and look at least vaguely like he was still where he was supposed to be.
"You must be thrilled." Byrne smiled again, adding, "Having a resurrected hero to act as your spokesman to Congress, having Captain America back at the head of the Avengers, all charges dropped and everything forgiven. And he never even had to set foot in a courtroom. It couldn't have worked out better for you all if you'd planned it in advance."
“Is Tony-“ she began, after a few minutes.
Tony reached for the Extremis and opened a connection to Hank's cell phone.
As Steve stepped into Tony's room, he could hear the familiar beeping of a heart monitor -- too fast for someone unconscious, just as Dr. Brackett had said. That had to be a good sign; as long as Tony was awake, he wasn't dying.
Tony reminded himself that Strange was here to help him and very carefully didn't snicker. "So, you think you can change me back this time, doctor?" he asked.
Steve shouted something, his voice angry and desperate, and Sin was still moving, how the hell was she still moving?
"How come I've never heard of this?" Tony asked. He was still smiling, not the soft expression he usually wore when talking about Steve, but an openly amused one.
– she'd spent as a prisoner in her own mind making her stomach twist. If she tapped into Chthon's powers to augment her own, he would have her again, seals or no seals. Strange's spells were powerful, but the seals that protected her could be broken if she put them under enough pressure.
"Hank's not actually a doctor," Don reminded him.
The kitchen, in contrast to the hallways and Hank's half-set-up lab, already looked lived in. Steve had stuck a clipping from the Daily Bugle to the fridge, a photo of the Avengers fighting the miniature army of Venom symbiotes that had attacked the city a couple months ago, and bracketed it with a US Army calendar – the tank featured in this month's picture still used old Stark Industry designs for its armor piercing rounds, the technology every bit as effective and deadly as it had been a decade ago – and a deliberately cartoony drawing of the cat sleeping in his shield.
Then he braced himself, put on a smile, and followed Jan back into the room.
"I can't trust anyone with it!" Tony repeated, all but shouting. "I can't. I-" he broke off, covering his face with one hand. "Oh God, I do sound crazy. I sound like
After that... he couldn't go crawling back to Steve, back to New York, the first time he needed help with something. Not after what he'd done. It had made sense at the time, been necessary, but he'd still... he'd knocked Steve unconscious and temporarily paralyzed him to keep him from stopping Tony from recovering his stolen tech. Steve wouldn't - didn't - care what the tech was going to be used for, or how dangerous Tony's designs were in the wrong hands. He just cared that Tony had broken the law to get it back, and hurt him in the process.
"I-" Hank started.
Steve activated his communicator again. "Hank-" he started.
Hank refilled his glass, and held it up. "Since I seem to be the only person in the room who doesn't find Steve's sex life an object of constant fascination, and since Tony, Jan, and Wanda don't seem to be interested in taking their turns: I've never been captured and tied up by a supervillain."
"No." Steve held out a hand, and Tony came to a halt a step away from his chair. "Tell me. You used to talk to me about things like this." Once he said it, he realized that wasn't actually true. Tony had been one of the handful of people whom he could always talk to, but he'd rarely reciprocated. Hell, as far as Steve could tell, Tony never spoke to anyone about his real problems, not the serious ones, anyway.
"I hate you," Tony informed him, smiling again in spite of himself. "Just so you know that." Rhodey had a point, actually, and Tony winced inwardly yet again at the way he'd thrown himself at poor Hank.
He sat up straighter, then slumped forward and leaned his elbows on his knees again when the position failed to be any kinder to his bruised ribs and sore shoulder than his previous one.
"It shouldn't be. Your transformation back to your own gender wouldn't be gradual. The Scarlet Witch and I would be unraveling the spell one layer at a time, slowly weakening it until it could be broken, at which point you would revert back to your natural form."
"That isn't very reassuring," Wanda said. It was true, though; most practitioners of chaos magic were malicious tricksters like Loki or worshippers of Chthon.
"Do you think they got the book?"
“Shut up, she’s hot.”
"Yes," Wanda said. "That's why I asked Strange to do it." Hank either didn't pick up on the slight sarcasm there, or simply didn't mind it.
chaos. Were that power once again under my control, I could make it cease."
"I hate this," he muttered. "These stupid breasts move whenever I move." He nodded at Wanda's chest. "Yours are at least a cup size larger. How do you stand them?"
Whereas in the tower, near empty as it was, it was a simple matter to avoid having to speak with Hank more than once or twice a day. Less than that, now that Jarvis was serving dinner at the Mansion; avoiding breaking bread with Hank or Tony had been out of the question before, when it would have constituted a breach of Jarvis's hospitality, but now, Thor was free to dine when and where he chose.
Tony had worked his way through a laundry list of unhealthy behaviors in the past out of some warped need to punish himself. Had tried, both subconsciously and deliberately, to hurt himself with alcohol, with recklessness, by running the clock on his breastplate or artificial heart down to the last handful of seconds over and over.
"You say the most romantic things," Tony said, and grabbed for Steve with enough force that all attempts to be slow and gentle went out the window.
One of the SHIELD medics – a woman who looked vaguely familiar – was prodding at Clint’s torso and checking his pupils, easily thwarting his attempts to prevent her from removing his mask.  Her partner looked as if he were preparing to strap Clint to a backboard.  Surely that had to be just a precaution.
"You're not backing me or anyone else up in a fight until the doctors say you're not going to be liability."
Nick gestured with his unlit cigar, the motion encompassing all of them. "I want your honest opinion. Do you think there's any chance that she's not just talkin' metaphors? That Red Skull really is still around somehow, and in contact with her?"
Wanda, Carol, Firestar, Jack of Hearts; all of them had struggled with their powers. Jack had had to spend hours locked in a zero chamber just to keep his powers far enough under control to avoid exploding. And then, of course, there was the Hulk.
"Do not worry," Thor assured him. "Loki would not risk losing his chance to have his progeny rule Asgard to something as simple as a malfunctioning spell. The enchantment will endure until it is broken by another."
There were sirens closing in from more than one direction now, and car horns and shouting from the still-blocked streets now that the eerie silence of the green fire was gone.  One of the medics said something she didn’t catch to Sam.  “No,” Sam said firmly, lurching to his feet and taking a step back, just a little defensively, from the man attempting to check on him.  “Redwing stays with me.  We’re fine.”
But that had been before the Extremis had stopped working properly.
"I don't know," Sam said.  "I heard some explosions, but I didn't-" and then Steve wasn't listening anymore, because Tony had moaned faintly and turned his head slightly to the side, his eyes still closed.
No wonder she had been so hungry for human contact when Clint had come looking for her – all her supposed interaction with other people for months before that had been a lie. She had been alone in that house for half a year when he had come. Longer, maybe.
Tony sidestepped another kick, circling slowly around Steve. He was going to try and come at him from the side, Steve judged. "I guess I ought to be flattered that they think my honor's still worth defending." He shrugged one shoulder, and rubbed the back of one hand across his forehead, wiping away beads of sweat. "I shouldn't be surprised. Our first night back here after the hearing, I found a note on my pillow saying, 'I know where you sleep. James. P.S. Say hi to Steve and ask him why he has so many pansy-ass sweaters.'"
Not that Tony didn't look utterly desirable like this - the dress clung just tightly enough to emphasize all the curves he did have, and the low back revealed a long expanse of smooth skin, dipping inward just below his waist. Steve could imagine drawing that naked back - the hollow of his spine, the angular lines of his shoulder blades, the curve of ribs narrowing down to the slim waist and then rounded hips flaring out again... pencil or charcoal, to get the shading right. Maybe water colors. He didn't usually do water color, but the delicate wash of tints would be perfect for-
Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum had been disguised as an under-construction Starbucks, complete with a limp banner that proclaimed an opening date several months away. The familiar metal construction scaffolding and black safety netting that one saw all over the city had almost entirely obscured the building's Victorian façade – until Wanda looked more closely, and the construction debris wavered and faded, glimpses of the untouched house beneath the illusion showing through.
"She cannot be trusted!" Thor's shout set the dishes rattling in the cabinets. "I will not ally myself with yet another who has betrayed me. There is a limit to my forbearance!"
She would be safe now. One way or another, Strange could keep Chthon away.
"Adults don't solve their problems by hitting each other," Steve said, choosing to ignore the times that he and Clint had done exactly that. "They talk to one another." He hesitated, then, added, "You can talk to me when you have problems, you know. When something is wrong."
"Yes," Tony said.
"You think I don't know that?" Why was it so hard to
Not only had Tony not pulled that punch, he hadn't pulled
"No," Strange interrupted, holding up a hand to cut her off. "You cast the spell while possessed by Chthon, with his power amplifying your own. To completely undo it, you would need to channel Chthon's power again."
Foreign governments became difficult to work with when one was required to murder their officials, and while Doom would hopefully soon be beyond the need to worry about such petty details, that happy hour had not yet come.
There were days when Sam hated this job.
Was that a sign of another headache, or was he just thinking? Steve couldn't tell anymore, and that worried him.
No wonder Spiderman was so mouthy all the time; he had to deal with criminals this stupid on a regular basis.
-" He shook his head, hard, hair whipping back and forth around his face. "Titanium Man was almost unstoppable even before he had my technology to augment his suit, and I - It's my fault it was everywhere. I fucked up, I didn't safeguard my lab properly and I lost control of the company and I had to clean up my own messes. No one else was going to."
What was he going to do with all this art? The framed pieces should probably go back on the walls. Unless Tony didn't want them there — he was the one who'd taken them down in the first place. Probably because he'd been sulking, just the way Steve had been when he'd come stomping up here and re-arranged all of Tony's books.
Hank closed his eyes, rubbing at his face with his free hand, the one unencumbered by either pulse monitor or IV line.  “I don’t care,” he said, the words muffled.  “Go away.  My head hurts.”
It hadn't been fair of her, she knew now. Only the second part had been his fault, not the first. At least he realized that his actions had been dangerous now. At the time, he'd seemed totally incapable of grasping that anything he did might have negative consequences.
"You try saying no to a megalomaniacal supervillain."
"What?" Tony looked up, blinking. It wasn't an act - Steve was pretty sure he honestly had no idea what the two of them had just been talking about. "You know, I think I could get you a ten percent increase in thrust from these, if I just recalibrate a few things and add a few minor modifications."
SI's legal department, Tony reflected, were a lot like the company's board of executives in that way. He wasn't, however, going to let the board spoil his good mood over today's victory. The company wasn't going to go bankrupt, and he was about to leave early for dinner with Steve.
"Your arm doesn't need stitches, but I'd recommend a tetanus shot."
"More than one. But what you really want to know if whether I ordered any, isn't it?"
"How touching." The voice was as familiar as it was unwelcome; the change in timbre from male to female had altered only the pitch, not the cadence of the words, or the sly hint of mockery that forever underlay them.
Steve was already standing. "Armor up," he said. "I'll round up the troops. They're all listening at the keyhole anyway."
"Oh, it's not," she assured him cheerfully. "But I answer Tony's phone and open his mail, so I know all of his business anyway."
He stamped her passport and waved her through, and once again, her pleas for help remained silent, audible only inside her own head.
There was an awkward pause, during which Tony did not point out that the Avengers Mansion was, technically speaking,
Its voice cut out abruptly, and Hank never got to hear the rest of the threat.  It was moving jerkily now, as the ants' work began to interfere with its ability to send commands to its limbs. Unfortunately, it wasn't the only Doombot in the room.
The Mansion might not even still be there. Her memories after Chthon had begun to control her were vague, but the image of the Mansion burning was sharp and clear. Chthon had used Jack of Hearts' body to destroy it, killing Scott Lang in the process.
There was a flash of red and green at the corner of her vision, and she followed it to see Loki straddling Thor, struggling to keep his right arm — and Mjolnir - pinned to the ground.  She had one knee on his elbow, and a dagger held against his throat.
