"Sorry for the mess, I try to groom and keep them clean but I can't reach behind me to do the backs." Steve said with a flush on his face.
Once Steve came down from his pampered high, he sat up and had a guilty look on his face, Bucky and Tony shared a look over his shoulder and they knew that it was time to talk.
“STEVE!!” That was Tony's voice coming from beyond the wall of feathers. A hand grazed the outside of his wings and he pulled them closer to himself.
“What you are going to do is go and get your suit on and fly to the base where they are holding Tony, me and the rest of the team will follow as fast as we can on the quinjet.” Steve sent Bucky a sad glance at his injured wing as he left the workshop to get his suit, his own wings were dragging on the floor as he left, Bucky shook his head and called after the dope.
here is something like what im thinking Natasha's braid looked like:
The elevator dinged and he stepped off and walked right into the apartment like he owned the place (technically he did).
Steve sat up and engulfed Tony in a huge hug, wings and all. He tried to put every ounce of ‘I love you, you are perfect’ into that hug so Tony would know how much he meant to him, that he was so much more than he thought he was. Tony was shaking in Steve’s arms, his breathing was hitching so Steve pulled him in even tighter and pulled him onto his lap with his wings still blocking out the world. This was their whole existence right now, just the two of them and all the love Steve could possibly feel for the man in his arms, and then some more.
Steve woke up and crawled out of the bed, she made it to the bathroom in her half-asleep mind and realized that she was a
“That was exhausting.” his voice was muffled by the pillow he had his face buried in, but Tony chuckled so he heard just fine. He stepped carefully around the splayed wings so he could sit next to Steve’s head, which he pulled out of the pillow and into his lap so he could stroke his fingers through the silky blond hair, Steve groaned at the attention and his wings twitched when he ran his fingers over the sensitive place on the back of his neck.
"Certainly Steve, Doctor-patient confidentiality after all. I won't tell anyone anything you don't want me to., and Jarvis won't let Tony access the files or security footage from our appointments"
In the midst of Tony’s exclamation Bucky had snuck around and wrapped her in his wings, then forced his own t-shirt over her, Steve chuckled as he watched Bucky try to wrangle Tony into the clothing.
"Thank you Jarvis." Steve replied while glancing up at the ceiling.
"Um, ok. So, something happened during the battle at the A.I.M lab that I was helping him with, and I may have said something, and he kind of had a panic attack and won't get down from Clint's nest in my lab."
"When will he be back to where I can talk to him?"
“I’m sorry.” both of them said at the same time, Steve’s face lost some of the tension and Tony found himself grinning back. Then it registered what Steve had said.
Loki was startled by Steve suddenly moving and burying himself into the gods chest, he pulled Loki against him and if Loki was human the embrace would have likely broken his back. Once his shock wore off, he curled his own arms around the man.
“You good?” he glanced back at the Iron man suit. Tony nodded and then Steve broke into a run toward the doors that lead to the labs. He turned his body as he got closer and busted the door down. There was a cacophony of noise as the metal doors flew off their hinges and crashed to the cold cement floor. The residents of the room froze and then they ran dropping everything that they were doing, he caught most of them with the help of Iron man but one broke away to a large machine that was in the center of the room.
Tony closed the holo-screens he was working on and checked that the bracelets that call the suit were up and ready if he needed them. The elevator ride to Steve’s floor was torture, they shouldn’t have let Rogers out of that cage.
“Hey Steve, it’s me.”
Steve got ready in record time, he had a lot more weapons on him than normal, but this wasn’t a normal mission and he didn’t feel particularly merciful to the people he was going to fight, he had two handguns and an assortment of knives on his person as well as his shield, he grabbed his comm and had Jarvis give him directions to Tony.
“You want to go the bed or back to the nest?” Tony laughed inwardly at that, but he wouldn't really call it anything else. Bucky had made a nest in the most defensible corner in the apartment and if he wanted to stay there Tony would work with that. Bucky’s forehead wrinkled as he thought about his answer. “Let me rephrase that, would you be ok if we cleaned your wings in the bedroom?” Bucky visibly relaxed and nodded his head. So, he was in a non-verbal mood, good to know. Tony leads Bucky to the bed and settled everything in place.
"Well... I've kind of sort of broken Steve" Bruce winced at the way Tony's head whipped towards him.
“Sor-Sorry, for interrupting... I'll just…” Steven started to run-walk off in the direction of his room when he was pinned against the wall. Rogers leaned into Steven and he could feel his arousal pushed into the dip of his back as Rogers spoke into his ear.
I thought about posting a chapter specifically to celebrate Bucky's birthday (aka birthday sex) but this one was almost done so I decided to finish it up and post it today. as usual tell me what you think in the comments and thanks for reading!
“Yep. and I'm gonna spoil my little girl rotten.” Bucky had that grin on his face that meant trouble.
No, that was just how Steve was raised… raised in the 30’s when people were killed for loving each other. Fuck, and now Steve thinks that he is ‘sick’. Damn those fuckers who made Steve feel this way. Tony pushed forward and pulled Steve into his arms, Steve stiffened for a second and then melted into Tony’s arms. Tony rubbed calming circles into Steve’s back and listened to his hitching breaths and the now wet spot that was growing on his shoulder from his tears.
“It is a shame you took my suit; it had a rather durable belt… oh, well. I guess we can save that for later.” Tony could hear the want in Rogers’ voice as he paced behind Tony, still bent over the bed and contemplated what Tony’s punishment should be.
When they all reached the training room, Steve was not happy. His wings were pulled tight to his sides the scraps from his shirt were still hanging off of him. He had his arms crossed defiantly across his chest.
“Steve!” Tony jumped up from the couch and ran to Steve, throwing himself around the larger man. “Steve’s back!” Tony’s voice was muffled because he had buried his face in Steve’s chest. Steve wrapped his arms around the genius and pulled him closer, dipping his head to place a kiss on the top of the brunette messy hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That was one of the hottest things I've ever seen.” Steve then noticed that Bucky had his flesh hand wrapped around the base of his cock, trying to stave off his orgasm.
"I do not believe there to be sufficient space for that."
“Alright Cap, how about I give you a lift?” Steve smiled and took hold of the suit. It was in a blink of an eye and Tony was on his back on the floor with Steve over him. Steve’s breathing and heart rate had spiked and his temperature was rising.
“Fine then. You look an’ tell me if the boys at the dock ever talk about that, I'm quite interested to hear how much you know about
“I know you want it, you always wanted it, but never let yourself have it, only once. It’s a shame…” Rogers trailed off and watched as Steven flashed back to that night
Once he obtained the coffee he walked over to the couch and promptly sat on Steve’s lap, content to watch the Tv and sip his coffee where he was, like it was the most normal thing in the universe.
"Hey Steve, I heard you had a bad day. are you ok?" Bruce had never heard Tony sound so soft before.
Steve slipped them on and found that they were incredibly soft and felt amazing, she turned and saw the was that the gold lining cupped her ass and she couldn’t wait until she showed Tony, he would probably combust from just one look.
"Has something happened?!"
“also... I need to know if we are going to go public with our relationship. The team needs to know what they can and cannot say....” Tony trailed off and wouldn’t look Steve in the eyes. Steve thought about what to say for a bit.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/9b/5f/30/9b5f30c9b8719ae9440fdefe851b7a04.jpg
“Jarvis, save the files and power down the lab.”
“Come in”
Steve’s hips pick up speed and loose the rhythm that they had before, he bumps his nose against Tony’s jaw but his breathing is heavy and Tony can tell he is close. A couple thrusts later Steve bites down on the junction between Tony’s neck and shoulder, Tony cries out and Steve is coming in his pants. Tony feels Steve’s cock twitch with every spurt of cum.
Once the Captain got into the basement lab where the experiments were held, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. They, whatever they were, weren't human anymore. Most were dead or dying in small cages, their body's deformed and beaten. Across the room a lone scientist was hastily packing vials into a bag about to run.
After a little while Bucky relaxed further against Tony and he dared to speak again, though he still kept his voice low.
(See the end of the chapter for
His wispy blond hair moved slightly in the breeze from the open window, his hands were stained with charcoal and ink and whatever else Steve had used today to draw. Long fingers made elegant swooping lines on the page as he scowled at the drawing in front of him, he turned his head to look at it from a different angle, his tongue poking out the side of his mouth and his hair flopped into his eyes, he grumbled and blew it out of his eyes and in the process caught Bucky standing by the door.
“what do you mean ‘like you’?”
“Steve-”
“No, that wasn’t me, that, that was you, you were with Jack, it wasn’t me.” Steven could feel his whole-body heating and his eyes were damp. The worst part was that it felt good, being trapped, pushed against the wall by Rogers and held there.
Steve felt a weight in his gut drop at the silence and began to turn away. This was a bad idea, why did he think that Tony would want him after what he did to him.
“Bucky,” before he could stop himself, he called to his best friend, a man that he thought had died 70 years ago on that train. The man before him wasn’t the one he remembered, sure he had the same face but he was different, anyone who had gone through whatever Hydra had done to him would never be the same, serum or no. The Winter Soldier tensed and looked ready to bolt at the first chance. He was dressed half in a vest that strapped across his frame and held what looked like about a dozen knives that Steve could make out, he had a pair of steel-toed combat boots placed to the side with a pair of pants folded neatly next to them. Even wounded, with just a pair of socks and a jockstrap to hide his modesty, the Winter Soldier looked deadly as ever.
“You haven’t even seen the main act yet.” Tony purred from his place between Steve’s spread legs, following down as he pulled the panties off and tossed them to Bucky. Steve hummed still half stupid from coming so hard but she reached out to wind her arms around Tony’s neck when he crawled up the bed.
“No!” Tony had burst out but settled back down. “You couldn’t have helped this time, anyway I can’t have you getting hurt, Your Aunt May would kill me. I promise to call you up the next time I need some help, but until then just focus on being a friendly neighborhood Spider-man.” Peter nodded and went over to the work table where he was figuring out a better web fluid. A little while later Tony finished and got up to stretch his back, making his way to Peter and looking over his shoulder as he worked on re-calibrating the web shooters for the new and improved fluid that was lighter and could hold more before he had to replace the cartridges.
“Cap, did you find Tony?” Bucky’s worried voice was in Steve’s ear and he could tell from the tone that it wasn’t the first time he had asked the question.
“Look at that, already so hard for me.” Rogers worked Steven’s cock hard and fast. Rushing him to orgasm and then Steven came into Rogers’ hand with a whimper and let his head fall to the counter with a thud. Breathing heavily Steven thought that Rogers would leave him now but, then he felt a warm, wet finger against his hole and realized that Rogers was using his come as lube. Rogers was rough with opening him and pushed into Steven quickly, bottoming out in one thrust.
“no Shit, Sherlock.” Clint called back while shooting a Hydra agent with one of the new stinger arrows Tony had made him. The agent dropped to the ground and started convulsing. “nice!”
“Come in Cap, just try,” Clint pleaded with the stubborn man. Steve rolled his eyes pulled the remains of his shirt off and opened his wings, gave them two beats and wrapped them around himself again.
“before we see him though, you need a shower and a change of clothes, you stink.” As if realizing that he hadn’t cleaned up from the mission for the first time, he looked down at himself and blushed when he saw the state he was in. “I'll be on your couch when you finish cleaning up.” with that she left him and Jarvis turned on her show as she waited.
“Tony...” Steve breathed out. There was a ripping sound and Steve’s wings fluttered open. Tony was speechless, the huge wings spread from behind Steve the remnants of the harness fell from Steve’s body. Tony felt safe, covered entirely by Steve, Steve would take care of everything. Steve fumbled at his pants and pulled them off, Tony’s cock hit his stomach with a wet slap and then Steve had his pants off too. He started kissing Tony’s jaw and trailing down his neck, stopping to suck a bruise on his collarbone. When he made his way to Tony's nipples, he sucked and pulled at the little pink nubs, making them harden. He placed a single kiss in the middle of the arc reactor. Tony felt all the affection in the world with that single act. He had never felt that that part of him deserved love. Since Afghanistan, he had pretty much stopped dating and the few people who he had been with rather ignored it and never touched him there.
“Steve, I want you to answer honestly to a few questions. I promise that I will not tell anyone and i won't laugh or whatever you think i will do, do you trust me?”
“Well, what are you waiting for, Reindeer games. Hocus pocus him into a her.”
“You see, when my partner designed this, he was looking for a way to enhance the person using animal genes, this however led to side effects in the test subjects, but when the Soldier got his dose, he sprouted wings. We have observed that the Captain had the same reaction, this is because of that pesky Serum they both have, but you… now you get my new and improved version of my partners formula.” with a sneer the scientist gabbed the needle into Tony's leg. The man laughed and then continued his speech. “Since you already act like their little bitch, I have decided to make you one.” after that he and the other Hydra goons left Tony in the room.
“Steve,” Tony kept his voice indifferent and he tried not to let any of his curiosity leak into his voice as he asked the question that had been on his mind since he found out that Steve wasn’t straight. Steve’s head shot up at his name and looked at Tony. “Do you love Bucky?” Even though Steve had expected something along those lines from Tony, his whole body froze. he felt like he was in the ice again, he physically shivered and then tried to answer Tony’s question.
They continue to throw punches at they fall through the open air, about two thirds of the way down Steve realizes that he is falling and opens his wings to pull up, Bucky continues to fall for a second and twists in the air to right himself. Steve hovers in the air not sure where Bucky went, it seemed like he just disappeared. He was wrong.
Steve snaked one hand down and took Bucky in her hand, she jacked him off in time with Tony’s brutal pace. She could tell that both of them were close and she could tell that she was as well, with a well-timed press of her thumb to the sensitive glands on Bucky’s cock he shot off, painting Steve’s hand with his cum. As she Stroked him through his climax Tony moved and made her see stars, Steve came for the second time that night, Tony’s name falling from her mouth. A few thrusts later she felt Tony bury himself in her one last time and paint her insides with his release.
“You're right, I'll go have some tea.” Bruce could feel his shoulders sink as he left the room and boarded the elevator that would take him up to his floor.
What the hell was he to do when the baby does come! He has no idea how to deliver a baby naturally, minds less for him. What if the baby has wings or something?!
Once Tony worked the first finger in he added another and scissored them, his back bowed and his eyes closed in ecstasy when he hit his prostate. He continued to hit his prostate every few thrusts and soon he was breathing heavy, his cock slick and dripping. He opened his eyes and Steve looked like he was about to devour him, his breathing was fast and he was flushed from head to toe, his dick had made a spot of precum on his stomach where it throbbed for attention, the head angry red and the place at the base where his knot would be was already half blown. Tony took Steve into his hand again and used the extra lube to slick him up as he leaned over and gave him a kiss, Steve's hands let go of where they were fisted in the sheets, an effort to not touch, and held onto his waist as Tony continued to kiss him. Tony shuffled up and reached back to line Steve up with him, he traced Steve's lips once more before he sat himself back. The blunt head pushed at his loosened rim and slid inside of the tight white-hot heat of Tony’s body, Steve groaned and just barely stopped himself from thrusting all the way in. Tony continued to take Steve and once his ass was flush with Steve's groin, he moaned at how full he felt. Once his body adjusted to the intrusion he circled his hips and that pulled moans from both of them.
“Well, you look like an Angel.” He wasn’t entirely sure if that was supposed to be an insult or not, but just continues staring at Steve's body. it’s normally amazing enough, but the wings are just a cherry on top of the gorgeous sundae that is Steve Rogers.
"I had a headache, I never have headaches. Not since the serum." Steve's voice was strained "maybe I should have talked to you yesterday."
“Come on, please Stevie, please. I'm ready.” Steve pulled his hand away and gave his hard dick a few strokes, Bucky had to hold back a whimper at the feeling of emptiness left behind after Steve’s fingers left his but soon Steve’s large body was covering him as Steve sunk into him, inch by agonizing inch.
that single word, no, order from Rogers and Tony was lost in his desire again.
"Steve, can you tell me what happened, so I can help you?"
"No! no Steve, I'm not too busy for you, unlike others
"Allowing access to the footage taken while Masters Rogers and Banner were conversing is breaking Doctor-patient confidentiality, and I cannot in good conscience allow you access to those files, sir." Jarvis's cool British tone only further angered the inventor, who was running on coffee fumes after a 3-day inventing bender in the same lab where every night, he tried (and failed) to find out what was wrong with Steve.
After the ‘helping hand’ Tony gave to Bucky he told Steve. Steve was fine with it. They both decided that there should be no more sexual advances placed on Bucky until he was in the right mind and fully able to consent. This caused some confusion, Bucky didn’t understand relationships, at all. especially romantic or sexual ones. He seemed to be in a constant state of confusion so Tony helping him was hardly on his radar.
“U-ncle!” he was out of breath and just laid on the floor for a minute trying to get his breathing regular again before he got up and smacked Tony on the back of the head. Tony yipped and somersaulted over the back of the couch, leaving it and Steve between the two of them.
she sat up and stretched, then wincing at the fabric digging into her she took off her shirt and then her bra, she let out a sigh of relief when the constricting fabric was no longer around her body. She felt a hand on her back and turned to see that Bucky had his eyes peaked open.
“Clothes first, only Bucky.” his reply was sharp and he continued watching Bruce where he stood by the door as Bucky slowly crept closer with the clothes. Steve turned himself and Tony so that he had his back to Bruce and was fully shielding the smaller man's body with his.
Bruce's grooming was gentle and he could barely tell he was subtly examining them as he worked. When he worked his way into the joint between his back and where the wing started Steve outright moaned. The feeling of fingers there was like nothing he had ever felt before. Then he felt wetness and got confused and slightly alarmed.
“Hi Mr. Thor God of Thunder, sir. I am Peter Man- no, I mean Spider Parker-” Peter was stumbling over his own tongue and Tony could feel how painful that was, he pulled Peter over and tucked him under his arm.
“show me.” the scanner was brought up on the H.U.D and it pointed to... to the shield? Why would the shield bring up life signs? Tony looked around to make sure there were no Hydra agents and he stepped out of the armor. It stayed in sentential mode ready for him to return. Tony crouched down in front of the shield and lifted it up to examine it. A small squeak brought his attention away from the shield and to the ground it had been covering. Sitting on the ground was what looked like... was that a fairy? Wait, no, not a fairy, STEVE! It was Steve but he was small enough to fit in Tony’s hand.
He disposed of the torn shirt and got another one from his closet in case Bucky wanted to wear a shirt instead of his wings later, then he grabbed his sketchbook and a pencil before returning to the living room to sitting on the couch to sketch. He was in the middle of his drawing of Bucky when he noticed the condition his wings were in, he had seen them in medical but he had forgotten just how dull and dirty they were. He decided that he should try to talk to Bucky now. Bucky had calmed and watched him from the slit in between his wings for about a half an hour now, and his wings needed cleaning. A somber feeling shot through him as he realized that Buck had probably never had his wings groomed or even touched, or perhaps he had but never without the intent of pain. Steve set his shoulders and decided that that would change today.
“Wha-?” Tony didn’t get to finish that thought before he was engulfed in super soldier. The air around them was filled with the distinctive thudding sound of wing beats and Tony clung to Steve for dear life. It was like being in the suit, but at the same time nothing like it at all. Tony gazed up at Steve, his blond hair flopped onto his forehead. Tony lovingly brushed it away and kissed him breathless. He didn’t realize when they landed on one of the support beams he left exposed for Clint to climb on from nest to nest.
The elevator ride to the penthouse was awkward and it was just as much so when they arrived, Steve still had his kicked puppy look on and he was fidgeting not sure where he was welcome to stand or sit.
“Thor, this is-” Peter jumped forward and stood with his chest out.
“We are going to talk about this further later, but now I want to get into my own bed with the two idiots I love and sleep forever.” Steve’s shoulders lowered slightly. At least Tony wouldn’t try to kill Loki (or Steve for that matter) right now and they could talk about it. “J.A.R.V.I.S, take Loki to the guest floor.”
“Sir, Master Rogers is inquiring about you going and seeing him.” Tony stands petrified, in the middle of his kitchen with his 4th (or 5th? he lost count) mug of coffee in his hand, halfway to his mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Steve walked back into the room Bucky was still with Tony, he got into a defensive position when he saw Loki trailing in behind Steve. Steve simply raised a hand and Bucky settled back on the bed but he remained vigilant.
“It should breathe so I am gonna leave the gauze off of it, just make sure to keep it clean, that means no workshop or any of those old band tee shirts that haven’t seen a washer in 20 years.” Tony visibly deflated but from the grin on his face Bucky could tell he wasn’t that mad. “Your turn Steve.”
His train of thought is interrupted by the ding of the elevator to signal that he had arrived at Steve’s floor. The doors open and he walks out to see Rogers just casually sitting on the sofa, no shirt, and reading a book. When he looks up, he seems mildly shocked by Tony’s presence, but the look soon morphs into pure lust and hunger.
“Tony won't be mad?”
When the vial reached Steve, he had no time to catch it and it ended up breaking. the liquid was warm, but did absolutely nothing to him other than creating a damp spot on his uniform. he sighed and placed a finger on his comm to call the rest of the team.
“So, you are saying that I had big tits before the reactor? Ha! I knew it!” Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose but Steve could see that he was trying to hide a smile.
“Don’t worry about it, a few more shifts at the docks won't kill me, and it is worth it if I get to see you so happy.” Steve kept slowly petting the cover of the sketchbook and staring at it in wonder.
"Think, Steve. Think." Steve is pacing his room, wings slightly unfolded and drawn close to him in an unconscious effort to look smaller.
The next morning the three went down to the lab so Burce could tell them if Steve could take off the bracelet and be his winged self again.
"My mother was an Irish immigrant that came to America for a better life, before the war, and even after as I have learned, there were still and there continue to be divides between people and I am sorry that it is somehow still happening in our beautiful country. I in no way am trying to take away from what is happening to you with my story, but I tell it to you hoping that you will know that there are people who understand and who do not think any less of you for who you are."
“OH~” Steve groaned as Bucky moved his hand a little lower. “Mmm, Fuck! Oh god it's so good!.” his head falls back in ecstasy and Tony chuckles and starts to move faster to get Steve’s attention. “Ughnn, Shit! So good, it's sooooo good to have both of you, unhh.”
“I was planning on having some fun with you, but it looks like you lost that privilege, instead you get a punishment and maybe then if you are good I'll let you suck me off like the good little slut you are.” Tony groaned at the steel in Rogers’ tone his cock gave an interested twitch in the tight confines of his workshop jeans, he tried to get some relief by rubbing against the side of the bed but was caught off guard by a large hand coming down hard across his ass.
“Steve?!” he picked up the little creature and cradled him in his hands. “I was so worried, I thought I had lost you. Don’t EVER do that to me again.” Steve's little wings fluttered against his fingers and he ran his forefinger over the shrunk soldier's head. Steve's little face scrunched into a pout and he grabbed Tony's finger. “ok, we should get you home.” Tony set Steve down in the shield and got back into the armor, then gathered Steve’s belongings and let him ride in the shield on the way back to the tower while the team finished up with The hydra agents.
With a smile Bucky straightened and pulled Steve flush with his body, his wings fluffed and then ‘Thwapped’ out before he leaned back and they tumbled off of the ledge, still in each other's embrace.
“What’s a knot?” Steve sounded small again.
“That is probably best to find out what it is as soon as possible.” Loki nodded.
“Tony?” he roused the exhausted genius. Big brown doe eyes fluttered open and caught his. “Is it okay if Bruce and Bucky come to help us?” Steve didn’t think Tony was in any state of mind to make decisions right now but with what had happened Tony likely hadn't had a choice of his own in a while so he would only let them see him if Tony allowed it. Tony shrugged his shoulders and then nodded his head where it was leaned against Steve's chest, right over his heart, no doubt listening to the steady beat like he liked to do when they were curled up in bed at night.
The final place that the stopped at was JCPenney, it was a short car ride away but with the New York traffic it took a while. Pepper said that Steve would like the selection here better if she hadn’t liked the luxury type clothes at the previous stores.
“Good timing, Loki has just come down to help me with some experiments.” Bruce called over his shoulder as he tapped away at a holo-screen.
“What?” Steve’s eyes were blown and he was watching Tony like he wanted to eat him alive. Tony sat up and threw his right leg over Steve’s lap and ended up straddling his ridiculously small hips. he ground his hips down on Steve and let out a groan, Steve’s hands found his hips and held onto them, perhaps a little too tightly, he would have wonderful finger-shaped bruises there tomorrow. Steve angled their hips together and rubbed his erection into Tony’s, he swallowed the little gasps and moans that left the smaller man with deep filthy kisses. Tony would like it to be known that Steve was a fast learner, he knew exactly how to take Tony apart. Steve trailed kisses all over Tony’s jaw line and sucked on that spot just behind his ear.
Bucky opened and closed his mouth a few times, still red with blood, before he slowly spoke in a weak croaking voice.
“T-Tony...uh- please.” Steve was breathing hard and his hips made little twitches that he couldn’t stop.
I have started to go back and edit the previous chapters in this story, all the chapters that have a name have been updated, all the ones that still say chapter 13, chapter 14, etc haven't been updated. not much has been changed, I mainly just wanted to go back and fix mistakes that I have made.
“I love you too”
“Steve it’s me, Bruce, and Bucky, I’m here to help Tony,” he lifted his medical bag and then glanced over to Bucky so he would show the neatly folded clothes that he had been carrying. “Can we come over and help?” Steve had opened his wings to the point where they fully covered Tony so they couldn't see him but they watched as Steve ducked his head under the protection of his wing and ask Tony something.
“Tony? Honey? It’s me, its Steve. You are safe, I won’t let them hurt you anymore. I sorry it took me so long, darling.” Steve took Tony in his arms and wrapped the naked shaking man in his wings, Tony was still kind of out if it and he pushed away for a second before he felt the familiar feel of soft feathers around him.
He returns to the room when he is finished to find Bucky and Tony curled around each other, Steve has the urge to draw them, Bucky’s feathers spread so beautifully across Tony’s flank while Tony had draped himself over Bucky’s chest where he is drooling on the shirt that Bucky stole from Steve a while back.
“You’d think we were fucking him into next week with the sounds he’s making.” Bucky calls over to Tony who simply smiles and pressed his fingers deeper into Steve’s oil gland. Steve chokes off a cry and stretches out his wings further in a silent command to continue.
“Steve we really need to leave before the news crews get here.” the hand returned to stroking at his wings, his feathers shuddered under the attention. Steve couldn’t take it anymore, he didn’t deserve the affection that Tony was showing him. In less than a second, he was in the sunlight again and face to face with Tony, he looked so... Steve didn’t get to finish the thought because he was already in the air and halfway to the tower before the image of Tony’s shocked face processed in his tortured mind. Steve landed on the landing pad that took him to the penthouse, he didn’t stay long before he took the elevator down to his own floor and collapsed in a ball on his bed, wings pulled tight around him he began to sob.
This entire week was a shit show. Steve sagged against a brick wall of a demolished building that fell in the fight. Clint had broken his arm, Bucky’s flight feathers had gotten singed off by the flames of one of the stupid bombs that Steve hadn’t seen fast enough and to top it all off, Tony was gone. He dropped his head onto his knees where they were pulled up close to his body, he felt every bit that sick little kid from Brooklyn, not even able to carry his own weight. Something soft brushed his cheek and he flinched but when he looked it was just his wing, they had wrapped around him like they always did when he felt small and helpless, he reached out and dusted off some of the grime from the fight. His lip wobbled as he thought about Tony, how he washed both his and Bucky’s wings with such care.
Steve felt a shiver go down his spine, he would likely die and the baby if it didn’t die with him would be without a... mother?... Father? They would be all alone.
“Well, are you gonna tell me what's got your shield in a twist or am I gonna have to pull it out of you?” Steve didn’t seem to be willing to talk, but Bucky knew better, the best weapon against Steve is himself, leave him alone in a room with just his mind and he will tell you anything you want to get out.
(See the end of the chapter for
bases his drawings on someone) he realizes that it is
now that Steve and Bucky are in rut what will happen?
yep, this is the final chapter of this story, i hope you enjoyed and if you really liked it (or didn't) tell me what you think comment and leave kudos.
When Steve finally got back to the tower, he held an unconscious Winter Soldier in his arms.
“Calm down! Calm down! Look what he did!” Bucky waved his hand in the direction of Steve. Steve gave him a questioning look and Bucky deflated.
“because I can.” Steve replied, a warm slightly heated look crept over his features and his feathers ruffled in anticipation.
"Oh my! I am so sorry I have no idea what just came over me." Steve’s face was almost as red as Tony's armor.
before he could say anything, Tony was up and crawling across the bed to sit between Steven’s thighs. Steven was still a little fuzzy from his orgasm, but he registered Tony rubbing his legs through his pants and his cock made a painful twitch at the idea of Tony between his thighs. Rogers walked around the bed to them and had Tony sit back as he pulled off Steven’s clothes and left his completely naked on the bed. Tony crawled back up between his legs and resumed his sensual rubbing of Steven’s body, Steven could feel his cock fulling and his ears burned at the thought of Tony seeing him like this.
“Sorry, I just...” Steve trailed off not knowing how to communicate all the things whirring through his head. Tony nodded, knowingly.
“My scans aren’t picking up heartbeats, be cautious.” Steve nodded and went around looking for more clues while Tony worked on the computers.
“Shh, breathe with me Stevie. Just like we used to, remember?” Steve nodded into Bucky’s chest and put one hand on Bucky’s chest like he had done so long ago. During asthma attacks Bucky became Steve's pacer for breathing it carried over into when they got back from bad missions with the Howlies and even now. Bucky made sure to take deep even Breaths and Steve copied him, feeling the rise and fall of Bucky’s chest under his palm.
“Miss me?” Steve and Bucky both hugged him and while he was leaning over their shoulders, he must have noticed their visitor because he tensed. “The hell is reindeer games doing here?!”
“Another man from the 40's who has wings.” if nothing else that got her attention. “the base had cells with the same things we found in the A.I.M. lab so to add another thing on top of this, Hydra and A.I.M. are working together. At the end of the corridor there was a slightly different cell and- and..” Steve didn’t finish the sentence he was crying. Natasha pulled his head to her chest and let him cry it out, she didn’t know if she was allowed to touch his wings so her arms hovered over them, she finally decided to throw caution to the wind, she stroked down the surprisingly soft feathers as she held on to him. He sucked in air and then he was pulling away from her, halfway to the door when he stopped in his tracks.
“The next issue is your name and pronouns.” Tony took the pause in the conversation to bring up an actual issue and give looks at both Steve and Bucky for getting off topic. “We can obviously call you Steve even in this body but would it be ok to use she/her to reference you so we can distinguish between the two or would you rather continue He/Him. Obviously going out in public will be a different situation but that is another conversation entirely.”
damn!) suit and pulled the shirt over his head, his hands explored the now muscular planes of Steve’s chest, he stopped and pulled at one of Steve’s nipples and then continued down to his belt.
Here we are guys, second to last chapter!
“I’ll think about it. I can’t guarantee that I can do it, but I’ll try.” Tony jumped forward and Steve caught him like he knew he always would. Steve’s wings lowered and they were once again surrounded by falling water.
Tony shushed him and pulled his head to his shoulder with his hand on the back of his head. Steve nuzzled and kissed open-mouthed at Tony’s neck and collarbones, Tony locked eyes with Bucky and nodded, Bucky draped farther over Steve and kissed Tony and he sped up his thrusts and his breathing get harder and faster. Steve whined into Tony’s neck and Tony scratched at the back of his neck with his blunt nails and calloused fingers. Bucky thrust in sharp and deep a few more times before his knot popped and he moaned to this ceiling as he came into Steve’s ass. Steve’s teeth clamped down where they were, right on the junction between Tony’s neck and shoulder as he was pushed into Tony and knotted as well. Tony yelled out in a mix of pain and pleasure as he came all over his and Steve’s stomach.
"Molting."
"OK. Can you not tell the team or Tony? I don't want to worry them."
"The shirts are ordered but master Bruce is still offline."
He circled the building a few times and then came back to the roof, he saw a figure standing by the doors and assumed that it was Bucky or maybe one of the team, he landed and soon saw that it wasn’t.
“Looks like the gas is fine, other than looking freaky it is completely safe to breathe.” there was a collective sigh of relief and the members who had to wear the suits took them off immediately. They all collectively tossed them in a pile in the ground.
The shirt was plain, dark grey with a Stark Industries logo in the front, the real reason it was for Steve was the back, there were two zippers running lengthwise down the back over the shoulder blades, when they were unzipped they would allow Steve’s wings through.
“Hmm, kinky. How scandalous of you Rogers.” the second the words left his mouth Tony could tell he should have kept his mouth shut.
“Right away sir.”
“Show me video feed.” Jarvis pulled up the camera footage from the lobby and front sidewalk of the tower on the large flat-screen, sure enough, there was a large group of people being held back by the security. Most were shouting and chanting and some held up signs with Captain America on them, the pictures were crossed out with large red marks, Steve saw an older woman with one that said ‘LIAR’ on it with an arrow pointing at his face.
"Hey Jarvis? I know Bruce asked me to go to his lab, but can you ask him how I'm supposed to do that without being seen?" A few minutes later, Bruce came out of the elevator with what looked like a bunch of leather straps. Steve eyed the thing in his hand and took a step back while his wings raised defensively.
“What do you care? I highly doubt that you worry for our well-being.” Steve did a double take on what Bucky said. He was right, Loki had no reason to be worried for them. Something was up.
Partially obscured by Bucky’s raised wings he caught their eyes before he reached his hand and massaged Bucky’s oil gland. Loki leaned in over Bucky’s wing joint and addressed the room. Mainly to calm the others who were in defensive stances.
“I ran away because I hurt him by making him worry, when all I thought about was Bucky, he deserves better than me.” At that Nat just shook her head.
“You ain’t no peach yourself, princess.” the easy banter made them both smile.
“Wondering how much weight you can carry while flying and trying to figure out a way to change your suit so you can fly, but also so it protects your wings.” Tony tried to not let his heated thoughts show.
“I am going to start with the right side again, so can you open that wing please,” Bucky opened his wing and Tony studied it to make sure no feathers got damaged when Bucky went on his rampage around the apartment. Everything was still in place so he picked up the damp washcloth and held it up to Bucky’s wing. “First I am going to wash off all the dirt and stuff,” Tony waited until Bucky ducked his head in acknowledgement and then he carefully touched the wet cloth to the feathers on the top of Bucky’s wing, Bucky had a whole body shutter and then his wing ‘fwapped’ out fully just like Steve’s had done, but he kept the left wing pulled securely around his body. It took a while to work all the dirt (that's what Tony was calling it, he didn't even want to know what else might be dirtying Bucky’s wings) out of the feathers, but once he was done the colors of Bucky’s wings stood out more and, look at that, he was right, the cream color was white under all that dirt.
"I know how it feels... when I woke up in that, that cave, in Afghanistan with a car battery in my chest I thought I was in hell, I thought I would be tortured for all eternity. penance for my crimes, Did you know they called me the merchant of death? Yeah, my weapons caused so much pain and suffering. I still have days where I think about just ripping this out of my chest." He taps on the glass of the arc reactor. "Will you please come down now? You don't have to see me if you don't want to but I'm here for you if you need it." soon there is some shuffling (and flapping) on the other side for the line.
He washed his hands but had a contact high from Steve, his pants were obscenely tented and he was flushed in the face. He adjusted himself so the raging hard-on wasn’t as prominent and walked back into the room. Steve was still blissed out from the grooming so he walked over and kissed his forehead and left to his floor.
He threw away the garbage and the old gauze before he stood with his hand on his hips in front of Steve and just waited.
every comment stabs that purple space grape, AKA Thanos in the dick.
“Oh, come on! That was just sad man, you have to actually TRY.” Clint called back. “imagine the advantage you could have during a fight. You could save people trapped in buildings and give air support.” This seemed to pick at the Captain's interest, he slowly opens his wings again and gave them a few flaps. He could feel the pull on his body, but didn’t leave the ground.
Steve makes the most pornographic noise Tony has ever heard but soon Tony's ears are filled with the rush of blood because Steve is bearing down on Tony and his muscles are milking Tony just right.
“Arms up, i hope you aren’t ticklish anywhere, this is going to take a while without you swatting at us every time we touch you.”
"Master Bruce I need to inform you about a development in Master Rogers's back issue." Bruce had just boarded the jet Tony sent to pick him up when Jarvis interrupts his reading.
Tony could feel Bucky going limp in his hold, he was probably tired from everything and the adrenaline must be wearing off, Tony started to pull away but Bucky grabbed onto Tony’s shirt like a little child. Tony hushed him and gathered him close while he slowly backed them up to the couch in the waiting area of the floor. He sat them down and Bucky relaxed a little bit. Tony had Bucky lay down across the couch and put his head on Tony’s lap and then he pulled Bucky’s top wing from behind him and wrapped it around him like a blanket. He could feel Bucky’s body relaxing as he continued brushing his hair and feathers. When Bucky finally went completely limp Tony hesitantly pulled his fingers out of their respective places and waited for Bucky to wake but he didn’t, he waited a few more minutes then Tony slowly lifted Bucky’s head from his lap and placed a throw pillow under it as he quietly walked over to where Bruce was working.
“Stevie, can I carry him?” Bucky’s voice was small but he was watching Tony from where he was standing a few feet back with longing. Steve reasoned with himself that if anything else happened that he could protect everyone better if he didn’t have Tony in his arms, also he had been with Tony the whole time, and Bucky was probably out of his mind with protective instincts just like Steve was right now. Steve stood with Tony in his arms and walked over to Bucky, he laid Tony in his arms carefully and watched as Bucky cradled Tony against him. Tony roused slightly and stuffed his face in Bucky’s neck, Bucky chuckled slightly at the feeling of Tony’s breath gusting over his neck as he breathed.
“There, all done, now doesn’t that feel better?” Tony kept his tone soothing and he continued to cradle Bucky to his chest until the shivers stopped wracking through his body. Once he settled down a bit Bucky held onto Tony like he was a life preserver, Tony just sat and accepted the physical touch.
“Fuck, you are so hot Doll.” Steve just moaned in response and Bucky went back to sucking a mark on her collarbone.
To Bucky’s amazement Steve actually started purring.
“Jarvis, I want a scan of my chest, pull it up on a screen for me.”
“You can stay in the guest bed. Do you need anything before I turn in?”
Both of them stood back and took a look at Steve, she turned and looked in the mirror.
“It’s ok Steve it’s not like I haven’t heard anyone moan before or never had someone pop a boner in front of me, and yes, I know what will happen I’ve given and received massages before and that’s just how the body reacts, it’s not something you need to be embarrassed about.” Steve bobbed his head. Tony took that as an invitation to continue and reached for his back. When he first touched Steve his whole body tightened the muscles under Tony’s hand pulled tight, he gently began to rub back and forth not going too close to the wings.
"Ummm."
“Sorry,” Steve said, sitting back on his heels and rubbings at the back of his neck. His face was red again. “Guess I’ll have to practice my landings.”
As Rogers worked the lotion into his ass and thighs, he said low words of praise about ‘how good Tony did’ and that he ‘deserved his reward’.
“Ok, I’m good now.” It had been 15 minutes and Steve was still inside Tony, from what he could gather, was still coming.
Steve slid under the covers and placed himself between Tony's legs. Then he pulled the cover over him again. Tony was already hard, his morning wood standing proud in front of Steve. Steve licked his hand and grasped Tony's dick, he gave it a few strokes and then stopped when Tony made a sound and shifted, but he didn’t wake.
“After Sleipnir I tried to reintegrate myself from the outcast life I had lived. I married my wife, Sigyn and we had the twins, Narfi and Nari. They had me wrapped around their finger. They were so small but they had all the power in the world over me, it is likely that they have no memory of me seeing as they were taken from me very soon after their birth. One of Odin’s bastard sons came and killed Narfi, Nari lived, but Sigyn blamed me for Narfi’s death and left me. Odin decided that I was unable to care for Nari but before he could do anything I transformed him into a Raven and he flew off never to be seen again.”
Rogers leaned forward and nuzzled at Tony’s neck as he pushed in again, he hit Tony’s prostate and Tony let out a broken moan. Steven was entranced by the image of himself and Tony together. Rogers looked at Steven and whispered into Tony’s ear, then Tony opened his eyes and grinned as he reached around to get the lube where Rogers had dropped it on the bed and squeezes some on his fingers. Steven doesn't even think as he spreads his legs and Tony rubs his fingers over Steven’s hole.
“Jarvis, please pull up the definition of a sandwich.”
“Jarvis, get the suit ready.”
“Calm down, you impotent mortal, I have saved your lover. You should be grateful to me.” Steve was pretty sure he heard a growl from Bucky, he watched as Bucky’s wings tensed and he was preparing to attack again when Tony pushed in front of him and calmed him, acting like he was a spooked horse. Bucky was eventually calmed down and Loki had watched with a smirk on his face from the corner.
“Buck,” he said when he got his breath back. Bucky ripped his hand away from Steve’s body. He shrunk in on himself and turned to hide, he knew that Steve would never punish him like Hydra did but, the fear of acting without an order was still ingrained in his mind.
“you are such an amazing person. I wish the world was everything you thought it could be and more.” Tony kisses the back of Steve’s neck, Steve hums in pleasure and a chuckle reverberated through Tony's body. He did it again, but a little lower and more to the side, Steve’s wings twitched under Tony and he moaned. “well, well, well. what have I found here? Do you like when I touch you here? Hmm?” Tony ran his tongue over the sensitive skin, this time Steve began purring like when Tony would wash his wings.
When they parted to catch their breaths, he took his length in his hand and rubbed the head up and down the length of her slit, gathering her slick and teasing her in the process. Steve was not having that, her legs came up and wrapped around his waist, with a quick move she flipped them so she was on top, straddling Tony’s hips.
“Brucie Bear! How could you, cheating on me with Reindeer games here. I thought we were science bros?!” Tony’s over-theatrical rendition of his feelings caught Loki’s eye and he stopped levitating the stapler with his magic while Jarvis scanned him so he could come over to the group.
“Stev- what?” Tony was then pulled into consciousness. Steve swallowed around him again and Tony's hands grabbed at his shoulders through the sheet as Steve let Tony's length fall from his lips so he could speak. Tony let out a little whine at the loss of friction on his dick. Steve left a placating kiss on Tony's hip.
A few days after the settled into the apartment, Tony entered off of the elevator with a short curly haired man who wore glasses and spoke in soft tones. Bucky found that he could trust this man like he had come to trust Tony. The man, Bruce was his name, wanted to do some medical tests to see how he was doing. Bucky was hesitant at first but Tony said that he would be there and he wouldn’t let Bruce do anything to him that was bad. First Bruce took a blood sample to see if he could do anything with the serum, he had been unsuccessful with Steve but, he thought that maybe the knock-off serum they gave Bucky may be the key to his research. While he ran the blood, he also did a drug test to see what Hydra had been giving him and if he would need to be weaned from any drugs that could cause withdrawal symptoms. When he got the read out his heart nearly stopped, he could feel the other guy get restless and he could see that his complexion had a tint of green from his reflection in the polished metal surface of the lab table, he took a few deep breaths and spoke to the room at large but, specifically at Tony for the other scientist's recommendation and understanding of the situation.
“Jarvis raise the platform.” Tony's voice cut over the muttering Avengers. The platform began to rise out of the floor it was sometimes used for training with obstacles, but the other smaller platforms didn’t rise, not fully at least, they created a ramp for him to run up and jump off of.
"What do you think could change? Will I grow a tail and cat ears now!?" Steve's chest felt tight and he was panicking. The thought of another part of his body not being his anymore made him sick. He backed himself up into a corner and leapt up onto one of Clint's ledges. He sat pressed into the corner and pulled his wings around him, Bruce just stared for a second. Steve could never reach the ledge even with the super serum, but with a strong beat of his wings he was able to get up there now. Bruce was pretty sure Steve hadn't done it optionally, but he had just flown.
Something brushed the middle finger of his metal arm, he lifted his head in time to see a small robot, it was white and had two little arms with cleaning brushes that were pushed together in front of it as it polished the metal. Bucky huffed and sat in the seat, making sure to hold still as the little robot rolled around his hand cleaning the plates and scuffs that Bucky hadn’t gotten to because of all the chaos. When the top of his hand was clean the robot lifted and dropped his arms as if to say ‘all done!’ Bucky let out a little chuckle and turned his palm up, the robot made an indignant noise and rolled onto his palm already working to clean it. When it was satisfied that Bucky’s hand was clean it backed off of his palm and looked up at Bucky, Bucky brought his flesh hand up to pat the robot on its tiny head.
“Steve?” He turned to look at the winged soldier behind him, Steve still had his pants on his wings were arched high around his shoulders, Steve had this look on his face that Tony just couldn’t place. Steve leaned over Tony’s body and caught his mouth in another frantic kiss, then he moved down to his shoulder. He kissed and licked his way down Tony’s spine, stopping at the dip in his lower back to massage at Tony’s ass with his hands effectively pinning the inventor down so he couldn’t rub against the blanket for any relief. Steve parted Tony’s ass cheeks and blew over his twitching hole, Tony had no time to think before Steve dove in and started to eat him out. A loud noise left tony and his hips rolled back into Steve’s face for more. Steve’s tongue swirled around his entrance and then he would suck at the muscle, the noises that Tony made had Steve wanting to hear more. He dipped his tongue in and then out again, working the inventor to relax under him. Steve brought his hand up to rub at Tony’s perineum to stimulate his prostate from the outside and that was it for Tony. He came so hard his vision whited out. When he came to Steve had curled around him like last night his large wings wrapped protectively around them. He nuzzled into the soft feathers and Tony fell asleep with a grin on his face.
“Welcome back, Stark. I do believe that I deserve a little more respect than that, seeing as I just saved your life. h\How about you show me to my rooms, hmm?”
“Certainly Captain. I will return with much haste.” Thor gave a nod to Steve and then flew off. Steve began calculating the best way to enter when there was the noise of repulsors beside him and Ironman landed next to him. He flipped the HUD up and smiled as he asked
"'J' I'm worried about him," his voice caught in his throat. "can you please tell me he's ok? Maybe bring up his stats?"
“Steve.” Tony rasps out. He whimpers when Steve pulls off with a ‘pop’ and looks up at Tony, Steve leaned up and kissed Tony again. Steve’s hand traces its way down Tony's body, he rolled his balls in his hands, then moved down to rub at his entrance.
His wings were moderately sized, not likely big enough to get him off the ground, and almost purely white like the Angels he saw in church, but the undersides were golden. The lights reflected off the feathers, making them appear to be made of molten gold. He was mesmerized, and just stood there for a while and starred while moving them this way and that
"I know it's probably nothing but my back was bothering me, if it wasn't for the serum I wouldn't have come.”
“She did, but sent me in her place.”
“OK, there are a few feathers that are slightly out of place so I am going to fix them, is that ok?” Bucky inhaled shakily but dipped his head and held his wing perfectly still, he flinched slightly when Tony’s fingers first made contact with his wing, but held still, all while Tony corrected the feathers that had been out of place for who knew how long. Tony could tell that they had been hurting Bucky because as he moved them into place Bucky’s shoulders trembled slightly and he looked like a weight had been lifted from him. “There, that's better. now, can you open the left wing for me, you can let the right one rest if you want.” Bucky lowered his right wing to the bedspread and opened his left wing with more confidence this time, but he didn’t open it all the way and when Tony was going to ask him to do so, he noticed that the plates of the metal arm had snagged at the under feathers of the joint and were bent and mangled. Tony had to physically keep himself from gasping out, Steve cried for a good fifteen minutes after a mission where he had to pull out one of his feathers that had gotten too damaged, Tony couldn’t imagine the sort of agony that Bucky must be in, or for how long he had been this way.
this chapter is a little longer than normal, I hope you enjoy.
“Well, everyone wants to know about your new additions, can you tell us about them?” Steve gaped for a second, the thought of the lab made bile rise in his throat and his feathers shivered, Nat, obviously seeing his terror answer for him.
Bucky continued to map out her body with his hands, flesh and metal alike. Drawing his hands up he caressed the swell of Steve’s breasts. She gasped out a whine and Tony drowsily opened his eyes and when he realized what was happening, he looked at the two of them his signature grin.
“No, from what I can tell Tony is no larger than a 14 or 15-year-old, given her age she should be larger.” Tony huffed once; she didn’t like the feeling of so many eyes on her chest. ‘Screw it’ she thought before grabbing the hem of her shirt and pulling it over her head.
“What the fuck did you do!?” Bucky was pacing back and forth in agitation as he thoroughly cursed Steve out about how stupid he was, ‘the fuck Stevie, what were you thinking! running into enemy territory with no back up, you complete numskull!’
It was early and the sun was rising so he wouldn't be able to fly over the city for much longer. He landed and decided to walk to the warehouse-like building the Winter Soldier had been seen frequenting.
“From what I can tell you were… well let's take this back to the animal kingdom, shall we? When a Wolf has a mate another wolf can challenge him for the mate and then they fight, whoever wins gets the right to mate and pass on their genes, in birds they Present to their potential mates and the mate picks the best male to fertilize her eggs, what I believe happened here was,” Bruce paused and pulled up the camera footage from the kitchen before everything went to shit, “When you fall your wings spring up and this caused Bucky to believe that you were presenting to Tony, then he presented back and shielded Tony,” on the screen Bucky pushed Tony behind him and opened his wings. “This caused a fight between you two, to see who was the best fit as a mate.” Steve noticed movement from the corner of his eye and he turned to look at Bucky, he was sitting up higher in his bed, and from the blush on his face he had heard everything that Bruce had just said.
“Hela, is my first and only daughter. She was cast to Niflheim, the land of the dishonorable dead, what you would call Hell. she was so much like her mother that Angrboda shielded her from me and I made one of the most regrettable decisions of my long life, I left them. I abandoned my daughter and she grew to resent me, before I could find her again she was sent to Niflheim. Only the dishonorable dead can enter so half her body is dead and half is frozen in time.”
natasha has a talk with steve about his behavior
“Awe! COME ON! I just got those Tits!”
“Dude, what's it like having tits!” Clint's sudden exclamation in the silent room broke the silence after Steve started laughing, she bent over in pain from the laughter at the looks on her friends faces. She straightened up and wiped a tear from her eyes.
For the first time since Afghanistan, he slept through the night without waking in a cold sweat from nightmares. His eyes fluttered closed, soft rhythmic lub-dub of Steve's heart still in his ears.
Tony was skinny and pale compared to normal he was spread out in the concrete floor of an open cell and there was a HYDRA goon balls deep in him. Steve saw red. There was another HYDRA agent watching from the door as Tony screamed and clawed at the floor to get away from the man that was clearly hurting him.
?” Tony squawked out in an indignant tone, “I'll have you know that when my
“It is not that simple, Stark. In order for a spell to work I have to keep concentration and constantly feed magic to the spell to maintain it, if I lose concentration for even a small amount of time the Captain may stay in his sleep forever,” Loki placed a hand on his chin and paced back and forth behind the bed that Steve laid on. “I could use a curse but that would take too long to take effect and it is not very reliable.” he mumbled to himself for a while before he stopped in his tracks and proofed back out of existence. Tony and Bruce looked at each other and waited for Loki to return.
“I think I found Tony.” Steve jumped up so fast he fell over because his legs got caught in the blanket that Bucky had draped over him while he slept.
And so, Tony did.
sorry about the long wait my computer broke and i had to get it fixed, also with school starting soon i most likely wont be able to update a lot, thanks for understanding and enjoy!
“I'm surprised that the wound hasn’t healed more than I has on him,” Bruce’s voice was low and had that curious tone that it got when he found a new fungus that he didn’t understand yet from a sample after a mission. “Medically he is fine, but I would like to keep an eye on it and see how the healing progresses, seeing as he had never taken this long to heal before or has never scared it will be interesting to see what happens and how what Loki did may have affected him.” Bucky nodded and Steve got off of the table to stand next to him as he called Tony over and they went back to their room to get some well-deserved sleep.
He followed the trail of love bites down again and this time kissed and licked the scar tissue surrounding the reactor, making sure to make the meaning of his words known. Then he moved down even further. He sucked a bruise into the dip in his left hip, kissed all around his thighs, everywhere except for the one place he wanted him. At this point Tony was writhing under Steve and thrusting up into nothing Steve held his hips down and gave the tip a little kitten lick. Tony just about came from only that. Steve licked him from base to tip, then took the head into his mouth and sucked. Tony had to close his eyes. The view of Captain America sucking him off was almost too much. His lips stretched around the head of his cock, cheeks hollowed and his pupils blown wide, the blue of his eyes barely visible anymore, looking up at him from under those long lashes. Steve chose that moment to bob his head and take Tony fully in the warmth of his mouth. Tony’s fingers tangled in his blond hair and Steve moaned, the vibrations traveled through Tony’s dick and made him gasp.
I thinking of having a reveal to the team in the next chapter, who do you think will be the most surprised? who won't? will there be bets won or lost? by who? tell me what you think.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This was supposed to be a surprise but because of the circumstances I guess you should know.” Tony sighed and walked over to Bucky’s bed, he sat at the foot and took the metal arm in his hands. “This isn’t the only thing I did some work on.” Tony turned to Steve and gave him a smile. “Buck, tell me about what Steve was like before the serum.” Energy seemed to fill Tony up as he asked the question and his smile only grew, with the shocked and slightly frightened look on Steve’s face.
“Well, I need help to groom the backs, I can’t reach. Usually Bruce does it, but he’s gone and he had words with me about how important it is to keep the oil on them, and this and that science speak that was lost on me.” Steve gives the Scientist a nervous smile.
want to keep it, it was Tony’s kid after all, he was the only one to… while he was she… Holy Shit!
"Thanks Tony." Steve sounded better, Tony’s mouth quirked up into a smile.
котенок: kitten
“Come ‘ere, ya’ punk.” Steve just about flew into Bucky’s arms, Bucky first wrapped his arms around his shoulders and then he wrapped his wings around both of their body's as Steve's form shook in his arms. “We are gonna be ok. You said it yourself, we are going to get Strange or Thor, hell, if it comes to it, I'll go an’ find us a fae and convince them to help us.” as Bucky spoke, he petted the feathers on Steve’s back, Bucky’s voice rumbled in his chest where Steve had buried his face, he smiled at the reference to fae, his ma had told the both of them stories about them from when she was a little girl living in Ireland, Steve had become obsessed with them for a period, it was all he would draw. He enjoyed giving his mother's stories pictures and that was the first time he thought of what he wanted to do when he grew up.
They were taking a Hydra facility when it happened. Steve was working his way to the labs through a hallway and leaving a trail of bodies. He heard a roar from the Hulk somewhere on his left and Iron man was on his six making sure that he didn't get shot in the back as they made their way to the center of the building. Steve hit the last Hydra agent in the face with his shield and caught it as it ricocheted off the wall
"First things first, I need to clean up." He cringed at the memory of what the bathroom looked like, but he didn't particularly like the feeling of drying bodily fluid on his feathers (feathers! he had feathers!). while Still trying to fully grasp what just happened, he set his mind to the task of cleaning up.
“Yes, I've actually had 5 children, but have only carried the one, Though I was a mare at the time.” Loki could see the amazement in the mortals' eyes, he smiled down at him. “Would you like to hear about them?”
“Everybody hear that?” Tony called over the comms. He received a few positives and then both he and Steve landed in Central Park.
Tony finds out
“I need to get some lube, it makes it feel better when you rub it.” Tony stumbled around how to explain everything but he figured that when Bucky felt how good it would feel he wouldn’t protest. Once the lube was acquired he settled back in front of Bucky and squirted a bit of lube on his hand and rubbed it to warm it before he wrapped his hand around Bucky’s length. Bucky’s hips twitched forward and he groaned out, but cut himself off and looked at Tony with wide eyes.
When the elevator arrives, they exit it and Steven stands awkwardly by the couch and fidgets and shifts his weight trying to find a more comfortable way to stand.
As Bucky and Bruce made their way to the cell that Steve had told them they were he saw the carnage left behind. Steve had never been like this, not even during the war. There were body’s all over, most had bullets in their heads but then after he must have run out, there were snapped necks and knife wounds. Bucky couldn’t read the look in Bruce’s face as they maneuvered around a body that had been thrown against a wall so hard they died on impact. As they got closet the bodies got worse and worse, that however was nothing compared to the two who were in the room where Steve was curled around a bloodied naked Tony. he was visibly shaking and much smaller than he had been the last time Bucky had seen him. Bruce made a move to run over and begin helping but Steve tensed and made an animalistic sound so Bruce stilled. Bucky could see the gears turning in his head as he figured out what to do.
She also got a couple normal tees, pajama pants, shorts and a set of workout clothes. Steve wasn’t sure how the serum would be affected but the electric feeling of unused energy under her skin that he got when he didn’t go running for a few days told her that she was likely be in the gym, same as before.
This is it, after three years of hard work the story comes to an end. I would like to thank each and every one of you for coming along on this journey with me. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did, please leave a kudo and comment below, and stay safe!
“Strip,” She stepped back and crossed her arms in a passive-aggressive manner. Steve opened her mouth to complain but Natasha had the look on her face that she got on missions. Steve reluctantly stepped out of Tony’s sweatpants and took the hem of the shirt in her hands again.
Steve successfully used the bathroom and went to wake Bucky who was now spread out across the entire bed and covering Tony’s face with one of his wings and drooling on the pillows
“yes, I want to firstly to acknowledge the mutant community and say that if I had the X-gene I would be proud of it and everyone who is a mutant should be proud of who they are, that’s what America stands for, the people. I do not have the gene, and the wings are not a result of my being a mutant. I would like to apologize on behalf of the entire country, for the way mutants are treated as something less than human. It pains me to learn that in the 70 years that I was gone that hasn’t changed."
“Thank you. For… everything, you are a good person, Loki. I am proud to call you my friend. You have done so much for all of us.” Steve finally turned to Loki and caught a flash of something he couldn't quite put words to what emotion was on his face but then god broke out his patented grin.
When Steve woke up, he was in a medical bed and he was strapped down with the special magnetic cuffs that Tony had specially designed for Super powered people and Steve had been the test subject for them, so he knew better that to try and get out, it was pointless. He was hooked to and I.V that was dripping something into his veins that felt cooling. As he panned the room, he saw Bucky in a bed next to him, also in cuffs, and it all came back to him what happened. He began to panic, he could have killed Bucky, he sure as hell tried to and Bucky had done the same back (the persistent twinge in his head told him so). The door opened and Bruce entered the room with a disheveled Tony trailing behind him.
“Ok. Tony said that Bruce and Bucky can come and see him, the rest of you go wait for us in the jet.” He finished but then remembered and added. “Bruce you should bring some extra clothes when you come.”
“hey!” Steve squawked out, but Tony saw the corner of Bucky’s lips twitch up, he counted it as a win.
another rather fast chapter, i have my AP US History test on Friday so i have been procrastinating by writing about Steve and his adventures as a girl. i hope you enjoy! as usual tell me what i think and leave kudos.
“Gee Tony, Thanks for helping with all the clean up!” Clint called sarcastically when he and the others arrived.
“yeah, I'm fine. Just a little sore.”
“Certainly Captain.”
“Awe, come on guys don’t leave me out on all the fun.” Tony sat up and pressed against Steve’s side, meanwhile he fiddled with the waist of her pants, the vivid memory of the panties she was wearing sent a bolt of lust through her body and heat pooled in her core. Steve let out a groan and Tony captured her lips in a deep kiss as he continued to toy with her pants, his callused fingers caressing her wide hips.
“Yes, Master Rogers”
"Got any ideas on how to hide them?" Jarvis remained silent. Steve through his arms up in defeat and his wings twitched up with them. He put the couch and chairs back and went to shower.
“it seems that you do know him.” Steve couldn’t place the tone in Loki's voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I-I couldn't breathe." Steve's voice is ragged and you can hear the tears and pain in it. Tony's heart jumps in his chest. He wants more than anything to bust in and hug Steve forever, but he can't, that wouldn't help Steve now.
"It's ok Steve grooming is mainly done by a mate and is very common to create that reaction." Steve turned even redder if that was even possible at Bruce's insinuating about the erection he was sporting at the moment.
“Hello Spider-child!” Thor said as Peter hung limply in Thor’s arms. When Thor put him down Peter looked a little light headed, Steve let him lean against him.
“could you, Um...help me?” Natasha got up and took the leather from his hands, she looked at it and then looked at him, a question in her eyes.
“Cap, what is your Status? We are about halfway there.” Natasha’s voice came over the comm.
The next morning Bucky was cleaning the wounds on both Steve’s and Tony's neck, when he noticed something weird. He first cleaned Tony while Steve waited on the other side of the bed. When Bucky pulled the gauze back, he noticed that the wound was almost completely healed except for the light pink new skin that filled the crescent shape of Steve’s jaw. Bucky didn’t want to worry either of them so he kept his face schooled and cleaned the wound.
"I agree it wasn't the smartest decision I've ever made, but last night I was so tired and I had a headache." Bruce was no longer angry, his face contorted into worry.
“готовы соблюдать” Bucky’s voice was ruff and sounded unused. Loki shifted and Steve flinched, he had completely forgotten that Loki was there.
"Find anything Iron man?" Steve questioned, the inventor was being oddly quiet.
“Yeah Buck, I'm fine- holy shit that isn’t my voice!” Steve’s head whirled around to Loki so fast he should have got whiplash but the second his mouth opened to ask what the god had done a flash of blond was in his eyesight and then his mouth was full of hair.
Bucky Stood and extended his hand, he left it there in the pregnant (ha!) air between their bodies. Steve hesitantly reached out, and threaded his fingers into Bucky’s.
“right away sir.”
“It is the memory of when I was with child.” Steve’s eyes widened.
When they reached the landing pad and Tony stepped up to the robotic arms that would disassemble the suit and send it to his garage, Steve floated in the air his little wings fluttering so fast they made a little buzzing sound. Once the suit was gone Tony stepped off the platform and opened his hands for Steve to set down in and take a rest.
He doesn’t do that though; he takes Steve by the arm and gently guides him to the couch where he sits them down with Bucky behind him and Steve’s back to his chest.
Bruce walked back into the lab with Tony waiting outside the doors.
Steve had just gotten control of his face from their tumble together on the floor, but this sent him over the edge. He broke out in giggles, Tony and Bucky both looking at him like he was a loon as he completely lost it. Bucky’s face dropped and turned to a pout, which did nothing to curb Steve’s laughter.
“Ok.” Tony climbed up onto the bed behind Steve. Steve’s wings began to stretch out his wings. Tony watched in fascination as the feathers spread, silently moving over each other, before his eyes.
“Yesterday Steve passed out, he was rushed to the medical lab and Bruce and Loki were called in to help, in order to help Steve wake up from the coma state we had to change him into her,” Bucky turned his head to the side where Steve was waiting behind the corner and called her out.
Steve was put in one of Tony’s luxury town cars and whisked away to 5th Ave.
“Hon’ tell me what's up, please I promise we won’t laugh or anything, ok?” Bucky nodded against Steve’s back so he knew that Bucky agreed with what Tony was saying. Steve took a deep breath and let it out trying to calm himself.
“When I took the material from Stark and put it in you I tried to analyze it. What I found concerned me,” Loki began pacing and his face reflected that of Tony or Bruce in the lab when they can’t figure out a problem. “The purpose of it was not to kill or even harm, instead it was to create a breeding state so genes can be passed on.”
He blinked back into the room by Steve, took the bracelet off of her and blinked in front of Tony while all three men watched Steve return to his male self. He took the matching bracelet from Tony and slipped it onto his own slender wrist before placing Steve’s on Tony's arm.
“I’m going to get something to clean him up a bit, okay?” Bucky kept his voice low so only the little bubble between them created by the shield of strong wings could hear. Steve nodded and Bucky ran a hand over Tony’s head before he got up and went over to Bruce to ask for some supplies. When he asked for them, he saw a flash of green in Bruce's eyes but the man opened his bag and pulled some sterilizing wipes and gauze to hand to Bucky.
“Relax, Darling. You have nothing to worry for, my stubborn heart is stuck on my oaf of a brother.” Bucky stiffened but soon a groan of pleasure fell from his mouth. Loki disappeared again and Bucky let out a small whimper from the loss of contact on his wings.
“W-what?” Steven stammered out, but Rogers leaned over and quieted him with a hand around his chin, he roughly turned Steven’s face so he was looking at him and licked his lips again.
“Hey Buck, can you come down?” Steve patiently called up from the ground below the ledge, now that he was closer, he could see that Bucky was shaking. “I promise that you aren’t in trouble, I just think that you will feel better once you clean up.” Bucky opened his wings slightly and he looked at Steve, searching his face for anger or malicious intent, he found nothing there but worry and some sadness that he couldn’t place. He deemed it safe and let himself glide down in front of Steve. “Have you ever had your wings cleaned?” Steve cringed inwardly at his question, not sure which response would be worse, Bucky shook his head in reply and looked at the floor between his feet, he had his wings pulled around his arms and body, trying to be as small and nonthreatening as he could. “Well, then let’s get you cleaned up.”
So, Bucky waited.
They exited the store a few hours later, Steve feeling more exposed than she did when she was fully naked, the bra she had on now was wearing a rose-pink bra that was a soft velvet fabric that held her better that Nat's old sports bra.
“It’s ok Steve,” Tony wasn’t the best person with emotions. “Would you like to call Bruce?” Steve shook his head and nuzzled deeper into Tony’s shoulder “Ok, but if it doesn’t go away in half an hour we have to call him, deal?” Steve let out a small noise of agreement and Tony began rubbing at his back again as Steve’s wings raised and wrapped them in their cocoon of warmth.
“Oh my god, that was so embarrassing!” Steve said to Tony after Bruce hung up. Tony was sitting on the couch tapping away at his phone and Steve was in the kitchen getting some snacks.
“I have the serum and a healing factor to do that, you don’t.” Steve was pacing a hole in the floor and Bucky was watching everything happen from the couch a few feet away.
“Nat, call S.H.I.E.L.D off my ass.” Natasha closed her phone and stood straight again.
“Well first off, are you attracted to me?” Steve gaped at that. He was frozen. He felt his face flush so much he felt like he had a fever.
There was a collective gasp and both Natasha and Pepper caught each other's eye and then leaned in to discuss possible world ending plans.
This chapter is once again brought to you by: Insomnia™ the number one reason why I am so fucking tired all the time!
“Ok, ok, that’s fine. let me help you.” Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair and he calmed down a little bit more. “Bucky I need him on his back” Bucky nodded and moved off the bed and got undressed then got back on the bed, propped against the left bedpost, he gave his cock a few pulls as he watched them.
“Come on guys let’s go watch Captain America face plant into a mat!” He called over his shoulder following the archer into the elevator.
(See the end of the chapter for
They soon fell back asleep.
Steven jumped when large hands slithered around his waist. Rogers pushed his hips up against Steven and he could feel the heat of his erection through his shirt.
"He doesn't want anyone to know. Even when I asked him to see if he would talk to you, he just about started freaking out again. I'm not allowed to tell you anything but if you can get him to tell you then that's fine. Believe me Tony I want to tell you, I wanted to tell you from the start to get your help but he is having a really hard time with this and just needs a friend right now. Will you talk to him?"
“that good huh?” Steve repeated what Tony had said to him yesterday with a grin in his face. Tony leaned up to kiss him licking into his mouth and tasting himself there.
“Why didn’t you wake me the minute you found it! He's with HYDRA! Probably hurting or even d-” Steve cut off and crumpled to the floor. Bucky got off of the couch and sat in the floor next to Steve pulling him into his arms and pulling his good wing around him, the other was still healing from the burns he got in the fight but most of the feathers were back they just had to grow in a bit till he could fly again.
“Nothing other than my soggy boots. Let's get a sample of that stuff for Bruce and get out of here, do you have all the files?” Tony nodded and then he took a container out of the compartment in the thigh of the suit and scooped some of the slime up, carefully capping it and putting it back in the suit.
“Hey, he probably has about the entire of Fifth Ave bought and on express shipment to the tower, he won’t mind and anything that you don’t like or use can be donated.” Steve nodded and relaxed back into the cool leather of the seat, closing her eyes as they drove back to the Tower.
When he walked in with Thor he could feel as much as see the tension in the room, most of the conversations quieted and Barton’s entire being tensed, ready to fight. It saddened Loki to see the man afraid of him, he wished to apologize for all the pain he caused, but he knew that if Thanos came right this moment and apologized for using him Loki would do anything but feel better, he would most likely send him to live out his days in agonizing torture.
"Oh, OH! Sorry Steve I didn't even think about presenting, that must be uncomfortable and I have the scans, you can put them down now." Bruce's voice got gentle and Steve drew his wings in until they were safely plastered to his back, he was nervously shifting his weight from one foot to another.
“Yeah, that should be ok. I'll tell you guys if I change my mind though.” Bucky and Tony both nodded. “And I think just call me Steve for now, I'm not sure I will be able to get used to another name.”
“What is it like?” Steve laughed at Bucky's curiosity and impatience.
“Hey, J.A.R.V.I.S? Can you tell us when Bucky wakes up?”
Nothing.
when I was thinking of what Tony's desk would look like i thought of him watching WALL-E and making his own cleaning bot like M.O. and then it seeing the state of Bucky's arm and cleaning it.
“Buck-” his voice was cut off by a sharp intake of air before tears wetted his face. Bucky’s face softened and he let out a sigh before he opened his arms (and wings) for Steve.
Tony laid on the bed on his back with Steve between his thighs and Bucky was behind Steve. Steve pushed into Tony and then waited as Bucky slicked up his dick and pushed into Steve, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders and kissed him as Bucky pressed in slowly but surely until every inch of him settled inside of Steve, he let out a rush of air when Bucky’s hips finally pushed against his ass. they stayed like that for a moment so Steve could get used to the feeling.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=images&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwiO45vO58XmAhXPXM0KHbYMDV4QjRx6BAgBEAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zulily.com%2Fp%2Fblue-white-stripe-v-neck-maternity-top-284418-26496235.html&psig=AOvVaw3CURiQ28-LabhvNX6VJfAc&ust=1576985621984531
“I have a feeling you guys are going to have a lot to talk about, so i will let you go, but I am going to want a full work up when I get back.” And with that he hung up.
“So, Captain, I can't help but notice your shirt.” Before Steve could answer or the host could ask the question Tony butted in with his usual egotistical, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist, act.
“Not exactly, the purpose it to make sure the body can conceive and carry offspring to term. This doesn’t necessarily entail a change of genders. Your regular body would likely just change enough to support another life.” with that Loki made a quizzical look at Steve and blinked back to his rooms.
Tony comes first setting off Rogers and as Rogers fucks through his orgasm Steven yells out and cums all over his stomach and chest. Sweat pools with cum in the divots of his abs. Rogers pulls out and then Tony does, both exhausted fall to the bed with Tony on the middle.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos I read all of the comments and love the tips. It was really hard for me to publish this because I have always had a hard time with language and English so thank you for reading even with the mistakes and I hope you enjoy!
Steve starts to get ready for Tony. He takes his harness off as well as his shirt and sits down on his bed cross-legged while beginning the grooming of his inner wings. His heart is racing in his chest. What if Tony hates him? What if he is disgusted? Just thinking about losing Tony makes his throat dry with fear. He starts doing some new breathing techniques Tony had shown to keep his anxiety in check.
“I think you will be difficult to work with, how about I set a few rules. Rule number one, you don’t get to cum till I let you. Rule number two, you only get what I give you. Rule number three, you will do as say with no question, rule number four, you will follow the rule or you will face punishment.” Toy nodded agreement but the hand came down once again on his ass. “You will respond with ‘Yes, Sir’ or ‘No, Sir’ when asked a question, capiche?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Careful of his injuries he shuffled over to the toilet and promptly puked his guts out, once he was done he went to the sink and tried to wash up the best he could at the moment and got a sip of some water for his scratchy throat, turns out when you are screaming for someone to stop over and over again, for who knows how long, your throat starts to hurt. The water felt like the best thing in the world at the moment, he still felt dirty and weak but it was better than being all those things and being covered in cum, blood, spit, and who knows what else.
“Ok,” Tony ran his fingers through his hair again. “What do you think the Serum didn’t ‘cure’?” Steve turned a whole new shade of red and decided that the carpet beneath his feet was the most interesting thing in the world at that moment.
Tony didn’t make him wait after he answered, so he pulled off of Steve and then back down again, he continued this over and over again going faster and faster until he really was bouncing up and down on Steve's cock. His legs were trembling and he felt like he was going to collapse when Steve's strong hands caught him. He lifted Tony and then dropped him back onto this dick over and over, each time he pushed up as Tony came down and he hit his prostate every time. Tony threw his head back as he rode Steve, his orgasm rushed up to him without warning and he screamed out in pleasure as Steve hit his prostate that last time before he tumbled over the edge. Steve continued to lift Tony half a dozen times more before he pulled Tony down, hard, and his knot popped past the twitching ring of muscle.
"Ok Rogers. it's four days, you can do this for four days." Steve rallied himself and decided if he couldn't leave his floor then he would see what these wings could really do.
“It is bleeding a bit so i’m going to get the kit to clean it up,” Steve announced from the floor and left the room to grab the first aid kit that was kept under the sink, while he was gone Bucky curled further around Tony, clearly exhausted from the long day he began to doze off on Tony’s chest as Steve cleaned and wrapped his wound. “Is he asleep?” Steve asked in a whisper once he was finished. Tony looked down and sure enough, there was a sleeping super soldier on his chest, with Steve’s help he maneuvered his body out from under Bucky’s and then covered him with the blanket.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he had been in the dirty cell but from the ache in his stomach it had to be at least a few days, he knew that Steve and the others were looking for him but he wasn’t sure they would find him while he was still... well, him. He didn’t feel any different at first but as time crawled on, he began to feel hot, he was sweating on the cold metal table and it made no sense. It kind of did when he factored in that he had been shot up with some crazy scientist guys wing serum 2.0 but, this wasn’t like how Steve had described it. But that was it, wasn’t it, he didn’t get the same thing that Steve and Bucky got, he got an unknown formula that had likely never been tested before and he didn’t think his already weak heart could take it. Shivers wracked his body and his head felt like it was stuffed with cotton, he could feel himself fading from consciousness but he couldn’t do anything about it.
“Seeing as I have no knowledge of this so called ‘Game Night’ I will watch from the sidelines for now.” Stark nodded and the rest of them began to set up a game called Scattergories.
“I- Yes, Bucky was the one that first made me realize that I liked men.” Steve felt heat rise in his face, he never told anyone about his feelings for Bucky. “I love you Tony, I want to be with you. I stopped believing that I could be with Bucky long before he died.” Steve moved into Tony’s space and took his face in his hands, looking directly into his eyes to show Tony how serious he was before he gently pressed his forehead to Tony’s.
There was a box of doll clothes waiting for them on the lab when they got there as well as Bruce.
“And I'm here too” Both men jump at the sudden addition to their little world. “Yeah, I saw enough.” Tony makes his way over and sits next to his lovers and takes one of Steve's hands in his. “Steve, I love you. We both love you. Nothing you say will change that. It hurts me to see you hurting and I would put good money on it that Bucky feels the same.” he glances at the other and he nods his head in agreement. “You can tell us anything.”
He exited the room and started to cook some eggs, when they were almost done Rogers stepped out of the room, fully naked still except for the smug grin on his face. Steven ducked his head and blushed, going back to stirring the large pan of scrambled eggs.
“It was the only way to stop his body from killing him. He is fine.” Tony was stroking Bucky’s wing joint and fixing his hair
Tony stood in the middle of their two beds, his arms were crossed over his chest and Steve remembers the same look on his mother's face every time he came home after he got in yet another ally fight.
“I feel like there is a ‘but’ coming up.”
“Help you with what?” Tony was caught off guard at Steve’s sudden question.
be the one to spoil him. I am the billionaire in this relationship after all.”
Once they got to the tower and Tony was in a bed getting looked at by Bruce and the medical staff. it became clear that this was more than the doctors could handle.
2 hours later the bathroom was clean, and he was able to step under the shower to finally clean himself up. A hiss left his mouth when the first current of water hits his back.
“I want Bucky to fuck me while I'm inside of you.” the second he got the sentence out he buried his face in the bed. Bucky and Tony’s eyes connected over Steve's shoulder and they couldn’t hold it in anymore, they just started giggling. In retaliation Steve pressed his cold toes to Bucky causing him to curse under his breath and flinch, Steve whined at Tony without lifting his head from where he was playing ostrich in the covers.
He slowly slid his hand down his toned stomach and rested it over where he imagined a tiny life growing. ‘It’s just you and me now’ he thought.
as usual please tell me what you think and leave kudos!
“Thank you, Bruce. Me and these featherheads have a lot to talk about.” Tony glares at them and they both sink into their beds at the weight of the look.
"What do you mean 'other' DNA? I thought it was bird DNA.”
It was that look that Loki saw on Steve’s face as he felt the first stirrings of life under his magic.
“St-Steve?”
Steve nervously walked further into the floor and to the door that led to the bedroom. Steve put a hand on the door and bowed his head, taking a deep breath he knocked on the door. His super hearing could hear shuffling and a groan from inside.
“Now I am going to oil them, the oil keeps the feathers healthy and helps with waterproofing. The oil comes from a gland at the base of your wing and to get it out I have to massage the gland, I am not sure how it will feel to you, but Steve loves it so don't worry, and if you ever need me to stop for one reason or another just shake your head no or I don't know.. Reach back and touch my leg or something,” Bucky ducked his head again and Tony got to work.
“How do you want to do this; do you want to open yourself or have one of us do it?”
It took him a little over an hour to arrive at the abandoned warehouse where Tony was being kept. He stayed low as he got close and dropped into an alley nearby so he wouldn’t be spotted in the air. He walked the rest of the way to the building and when he spotted cameras posted at the door he went around the side and flew himself up to the roof. He found some skylights and luckily one was open. He checked inside and when he found the hallway empty, he lowered himself in.
"Do you want me to get Tony?" Bruce asked in a final effort to get Steve to come down and talk.
“The interview is about your wings Steve, they are going to want to see them. I know it's not ideal, but I figured that it was better than you shredding another shirt like when we told the team.” Steve blushed remembering how embarrassing that was.
“If you ever feel uncomfortable, you don’t have to answer any question you don’t want to and we will stop immediately, you control everything that happens and you don’t have to do anything you don’t feel comfortable doing. If you want we can just leave now and let Pepper deal with the media.” Tony paused for a minute. “You don’t always have to be strong Steve, no one will look down on you for not going out there. You don’t always have to be the Captain, just be Steve. Ok?” Steve gave Tony a weary smile.
“It is mainly bird DNA, but there were other unknowns in it, so be on the watch for any other changes"
It wasn't the public speaking thing or the 'performing for the masses' thing either (god knows he had been doing that for so long, he had it down to a science) but, this was different. It wasn't just Captain America selling war bonds or taking a Nazi stronghold in the movies. no, this was as much Steve Rogers, kid from Brooklyn as it was the Captain speaking to all those people about his body and the changes that had been done to him without his consent, it left a bitter taste in his mouth. He really, really didn’t want to do this. It was one of those rare times he hated the serum and wished he could shrink down to that kid no one took a second glance at and disappear forever. He couldn’t do that, He had to explain to the public that he was not a mutant, and how if he was it would make no difference in anything. God, he felt like after Bucky convinced him to go on the cyclone and he puked up the hot dog they had for lunch.
did you DO?
Steve’s chest was heaving with the effort to breathe through his words, it felt like back when he had Asthma and would get an attack when someone smelled too much like cigarettes. Bucky pulled Steve into his chest and Steve sobbed into his shirt. Tony pushed up behind Steve in an awkward hug that was more around his hips and stomach because of their bodies, but it felt so good to Steve. To be surrounded by the people that he loves, that love him. They sat like that for a while, just holding each other. Bucky’s Dark wings wrapped around them all.
When they arrived back at the penthouse Tony was pacing a track in front of the couch. His head shot up when they entered and he leapt into Steve’s arms, Steve hesitated for a second but then wrapped his arms around Tony’s back, pulling him close.
“Well, you know what else we can do?” Tony asked feigning innocence.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce and Tony had found no way to reverse the effects of the blast so Rogers (they had all agreed to call Steve’s evil twin Rogers and the other Steven) was let out of the hulk room, because he was a danger to anyone without the serum, he ended up staying in the guest room on Steve’s floor. Let's just say the other him was the worst roommate he had ever had. The team had confiscated both of their shields so neither had the advantage if something got out of hand, but Rogers still found a way…
He wasn’t supposed to be working today but he had bought Steve’s Birthday present with the rent money and he had to make it back before it was due and Steve noticed.
“I’m s-sorry Steve,” Tony said catching his breath. “it's just that is what had had you pouting for the last half hour? I would love to do that with you and I'm sure Bucky is up for it too.” to show Steve just how up for it he was, Bucky rubbed his half hard cock against Steve’s ass. Tony noticed the movement and must have seen a look on Steve’s face because his eyes darkened and he grabbed the lube off the side table to begin prepping himself as Bucky was content with rubbing off against Steve. Bucky leaned against Steve and whispered in his ear as they watched Tony finger himself open.
“Come on I got a new suit for you ready in the lab.” He said slipping out of bed groggy. When he looked at Steve the only thing he could think of was a golden retriever happily wagging its tail in excitement as its owner came home. They took the elevator down to his lab and Tony helped Steve into his new uniform fit with slits for his wings and then suited up himself. Once suited up they both ran to the landing pad and jumped off to fly ahead to the battle before the quinjet.
“R-really, it- it is ok now?” Steve was searching Tony’s face like it held the key to the universe, he watched as Tony’s face softened more and uttered the single most beautiful word that Steve had heard in a long time.
“Deep breaths, Steve. I'll be right there beside you.” Tony was behind him, rubbing the space between his shoulder blades. The muscles relaxed under the attention and his wings lowered. Steve blushed, not realizing that his feathers were puffed up like a scared owl and his wings were almost fully encircling him, hiding him from the world.
yet another update, i hope you all enjoy!
When he reached the lab where Bruce and Tony worked on their... well he wasn't exactly sure what they worked on. Tony was nowhere to be found probably in his garage working on one of his many suits or cars. Bruce was puttering around with some beakers and typing something into a hologram while looking back and forth between it and a microscope.
“I called Strange, but he is in another dimension doing god knows what.” Bruce could feel himself shaking but a warm, steady hand gripped his shoulder, he looked up and saw Steve, no- that was all Captain America in the way he held himself to the glint of a man who had a plan in his eye.
“They are strong, much like their father.”
Steve wasn’t mad. ok, he was a little… frustrated that was all, he finally had Bucky back and Tony was talking to him again, everything should be fine. but Bucky still won't talk to him, he goes quiet when Steve enters the room and he never leaves Tony’s side. Which Steve would be fine with, if he would stop covering Tony in his scent. Every night Steve has to rub all over Tony to mark him again and he is getting frustrated. He feels pent up so he had been taking it out on the gym but the punching bags are almost all gone and he is missing Tony. he only gets to see Tony at night now because he has learned to stay away or Bucky will get riled up.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice pulled him back. His vision was cloudy and he felt Steve wipe a tear from his cheek. He was crying. “Are you ok? Did I do something wrong?” Tony let out a wet chuckle. Steve was worried about him, He thought he had hurt him, and had stopped.
The sleeves were a soft grey color but the centerpiece of the shirt was a light blue that worked with the blue of her eyes, the shirt accented her curves and the dark black of the leggings paired nicely with the soft tones of the shirt.
"I know, the place is a mess, but the feathers just keep falling out."
“No! N-no can't... won't - don'wanna m' a monster." Steve's voice was frantic and broken, his Brooklyn accent broke through his sobs.
“OWW!” Barton’s exclamation of pain made him look up and even Steve stood up on his palm to look over his fingers at the commotion. Natasha had wacked Clint behind the head and was now giving him one of her ‘you have severely fucked up’ glares.
“SUCK MY ASS, STARK!” Clint was perched on top of the couch and Tony was being physically held back by Bucky as he tried to punch the guy while Bruce laughed in his chair and Natasha laid across the floor with a knife in one hand and a half empty bottle of vodka in the other.
"What shall we watch tonight, gang?" Tony asked, looking around the room.
"Sure Cap, see you in the morning." Tony called over his shoulder, he and the rest of the team continued on to the den while Steve retreated to the elevator.
Tony got up and shook at Steve but, when Steve didn't wake he gave up and went down to Steve’s old floor himself. Steve, having the serum made it so that he only needed about 4 hours of sleep a night but, when he did sleep, he slept like a rock and so far Tony had found nothing that worked to wake him when he was like that.
“Come on Tony! It's time to get up.” he called yet again, perched on Tony’s chest, standing on the arc reactor. Tony groaned and rolled over so Steve had to jump onto the pillow before Tony crushed him. What was he thinking, Tony was hard to wake up when Steve was a full grown super soldier with the ability to make coffee, there was no way that he could wake Tony up in this state... Or maybe he could use his size to his advantage. It never stopped him before what size he was so why should he let it now. Tony shifted onto his back again and threw an arm over his eyes. Jackpot. Steve trekked over the pillow to Tony's hand. He held Tony's finger in his arms.
She was sitting in the seat, her long blonde hair was draped half over the front of her shirt and the other half was behind her head, she had a soft Blue and grey shirt on and the skin-tight black pants that women normally wore now a days. Her face was relaxed on sleep and the soft exhales of her breaths moved a strand of hair in front of her nose with every breath.
Once Steve calmed down Tony patted him on the back, wait…
“What do you mean ‘I'm sorry’ you did nothing Steve; it was all my fault. You were not yourself, I took advantage. I-I raped you,” Steve lunged forward and pulled Tony into his arms. Tony was a horrible, selfish man so he melted into Steve’s embrace, clinging to him even though he deserved nothing of the sort.
this chapter comes directly after chapter 4, chapter 5 was a throwback to show how Tony and Rogers got in the position Steven found them in.
Steve gaped for a moment unsure what to say. “Wha- how?”
“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?” his voice pulled everyone's eyes to him and away from the small fluttering Steve in Clint’s hand. He quickly snatched Steve away from Clint and pulled him to his chest with his hands cupped around him. Tony checked on the tiny Steve in his hands to make sure he was ok. Apart from some red cheeks and a very angry pout, he seemed unharmed.
“Not to worry, my dear brother was somewhere in the nine realms fighting dark elves last time I checked in.” Loki looked like he was considering something before he turned his attention to Steve again.
Victoria's Secret rose bra: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=images&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwiKgKWHmIziAhXCV98KHTdnAZQQjRx6BAgBEAU&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shape.com%2Fshop%2Fbody-by-victoria-victorias-secret-body-by-victoria-new-perfect-coverage-bra-p60c1fc0bcb2adab66bb0ed8b35613c5b.html&psig=AOvVaw3DDCmWx35Y4mq4vKutyj1Q&ust=1557413631989262
"Jarvis order a bunch of those sweatshirts and call Bruce."
"You were exposed, to an unknown, from a lab where they created monsters by splicing animal DNA with test subjects, that 9/10 times died and didn't tell me!" Bruce was looking green around the edges. Steve backed away with his hands up in what he hoped was a placating gesture.
“Ok.”
“I am Steve,” the man- No, Steve answered. The soldier tried again, this time pointing at himself.
“I thought the first time we had a bath together would be a little different, but we can have another once you get big again.” Tony slipped in the steaming water and let out a groan. Steve fluttered up and into his water and let out a squeak of happiness as well.
Steve stood in front of a full-length mirror; Pepper had done something to her shirt so that it stayed up on its own because of a small knot at the dip in Steve’s stomach so that she could see what she was wearing without having to be completely naked. She turned around and admired to way that the dark lace accented her cream skin but found that the feeling of walking with the scratch of it on her skin made it nearly impossible to not mess with them every two seconds.
“Well, that could have been bad” Steve tried to laugh it off but, when he raised his head to see the likely humor on Tony and Bucky’s faces, he instead found Bucky standing in front of Tony and using his wings to gently nudge him back away from Steve like he was a feral animal. “Buck? Hey pal, what's going on?” Bucky’s eyes remained on Steve and as far as Steve could tell he was looking at him like an enemy before a kill. In the blink of an eye Bucky’s wings fly up and spread wide, not only shaking out a large amount of flour but shielding Tony from view.
“SHIT!” Steve woke with a start at the curse Tony let out. he had burnt his finger yet again. The communicator was too small for Tony to work on without hurting himself. Steve got up and placed a hand on Tony's finger to stop him.
Loki gathered up Steve in his arms and ran a hand through the man's hair while the other held him close while rubbing circles on his back, without realizing it, he had started humming an old melody that he could never quite remember where he had heard it from. Steve remained in Loki’s lap while he cried into the others shoulder, his fists were now bunched in Loki's shirt, but he was starting to relax so Loki continued with the ancient song as he pulled his fingers through hair the color of golden wheat.
Tony shot into the sky and circled around the park getting a count and location of all the Hydra agents spread around. The team was doing well, most of the agents had been taken into custody and their guns confiscated for Tony to look at later. There was one thing wrong, Steve was missing.
“What happened?”
After the initial pain subsided a bit Rogers leaned over and took something out of the bedside table, there was a snicker of a bottle opening and then sudden cold on his ass. Tony jolted at the sudden temperature difference, but relaxed once he got used to it, it rather felt good in his abused ass. There was another snick of the bottle closing and then Rogers’ hand gently rubbed what Tony guessed was some kind of lotion into his ass. Tony pushed back into the feeling as Rogers continued massaging the cool lotion into the hot skin left from his punishment.
“You have that look you always get when you are thinkin’ too much,” Bucky ruffles Steve’s hair while the blonde tries to push him away. “And your wings are sad.” he adds but in a quieter and softer tone. Steve’s face crumples, he is unsure what to do. What will they say? will they want to keep it? Oh God, will
“Awe, come on Stevie, you don’t want my ugly mug takin’ up space in there, how's about you do a drawin’ of you, that way I can have one of you instead of one of me.” Steve looks perplexed and stares at Bucky until he asks “what's got you making that face for? If you aren't careful it'll stick that way.”
“He is good, hurry up and get it in me.” the desperation in Tony’s voice catches Steven off guard but the blunt pressure is on his hole and Steven feels every inch of Tony slide into him. Tony bottoms out, but stays still and doesn’t move, Steven opens his eyes to see why and watches Tony’s face as Rogers pushes into him, Rogers bottoms out with a thrust that pushes Tony further into Steven and all three of them moan.
