“Hi Jack!” Lilly says, cheerfully unperturbed, her mouth stuffed full of Cheerios. By virtue of being the only person in the house who had a decent night’s sleep, she’s in a great mood.  Dean, on the other hand, feels like he has sand in his eyeballs and static electricity in his brain.
“Yes.” These days, Cas is a connoisseur of bargain bin paperbacks, absorbing even the most bottom of the barrel genre crap like it’s high art. While Dean had been hunting through the racks in the local thrift store for beach clothes for all of them, Cas had been browsing dusty shelves of dog-eared paperbacks, and he’d come away with half a dozen, three of which he’s already finished.
he says, when Dean wants to get something done right away; or
He’s still got Cas’ number, saved in his phone. It’s been a while since he broke down and actually called it, listened to it go straight to voicemail, the low, confused rumble of Cas’ recorded voice:
“Okay, I have to - I just have to…”
“I’m glad to have been wrong,” Cas offered, with half a smile. He tried not to well too much or too often on the actions of his past (it was a very, very long past, after all) but he sometimes wished he could offer that past version of himself, the one that had surrendered to a tiny fraction of what he thought happiness could be, some of what he felt now - quiet, warm, increasingly familiar and comfortable - which wasn’t like that old happiness at all.
” he’d asked, and Dean had clutched his battered coffee mug like some kind of talisman, hoping it could disguise the tremor of his hands. It didn’t hide the dry break in his voice on his single-word response.
“Breathe, Dean.”
“Yes,” Cas said, too breathlessly. Dean’s lips set themselves into a tight line.
“I didn’t mean to go quite that far all at once,” Cas says. He rolls away, slightly, and Dean puts a hand on his hip to stop him.
“Dean.” He could feel the air shift; could tell just by the way the sound in the room changed how close Cas was to him. Fuck, he could even
Dean glances over, takes in Cas’ calm, but slightly confused face. “What - no. Not a real haunting, Cas. Like - like for fun.”
And, naturally, that reminds Dean of Cas.
Dean smirks, “What? Are you getting bored? Is the honeymoon over? You know they’ve got a little blue pill that can help with that.”
He was still fucking thirsty.
Dean winds his fingers into the overlong hair at the base of Cas’ neck, where it’s starting to get a little too long and slightly wavy because he’s as bad as Sam for letting Dean near him with a pair of clippers. “We got time, right?”
“We’ll find you. Cas, I promise we’re gonna get you out, I - “
Cas - gingerly - reaches over and sets his warm, heavy hand over Dean’s closed fist. Slowly, Dean uncurls his fingers, relaxes until their hands are pressed together. “That’s alright,” he says; and it’s a goddamn injustice, that Cas was okay with just being there forever - that he just expected to live with never having what he wanted.
He thinks he could do this forever - maybe, if he wasn’t so damned old. He
Sam huffed, shifting from one foot to the other, rolling his eyes. “I know, Dean.”
“If that’s what he chooses.” They had all agreed it would be up to Jack, ultimately, whether he kept the lion’s share of Chuck’s power, or surrendered it - though surrendering it was a complicated problem, something they were still researching. They didn’t want to risk upsetting the precarious balance of their little universe, or opening a power vacuum that might give rise to a worse despot than Chuck. Until Jack made his decision, he remained both a divine amphora and a boy learning to enjoy a relatively normal human life.
“You let Jack use his god mojo to set up the tent, huh?” Dean said, amused.
Once he was out of earshot, Jack looked over the half-assembled canopy and asked, “could I?”
Goddamn Sam. He couldn’t have told the kid a white lie? “Yeah. Yeah, I miss my friend.”
“Dean?”
?” Cas pressed, though it hardly seemed necessary to ask anymore.
“You found a hunt?”
For Dean, it’s better than coffee. He feels bright and alive as he turns up the music and puts the pedal down. The deep bass purr of the engine is like a secret language that speaks directly to Dean’s heart, makes him grin - wide and wild. He looks over at Cas and sees him smiling, too, looking at Dean with laughter in his eyes, and so much love that it makes Dean feel like his heart is swelling behind his ribs.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, face pressed tight into Cas’s neck. He swayed slightly, as if to unheard music. “We both did.”
“Come see my rock collection, okay?” It’s not really a question at all. She’s giving Dean the same, classic puppy eyes he used to get from Sam; but this time there’s that tiny, stubborn chin tilt she gets from her mom.
Dean thinks.  Well, as long as he doesn’t end up creating a
Dean hesitated, a slight shiver of tension running through his shoulders. “What about me?”
“I’m not crazy, Sam.”
As soon as he says it, Cas’ hands come up so fast that they almost fly off his wrists before they get hold of the sopping fabric of Dean’s flannel, stopping there, frozen. He binks at Dean in surprise, his eyes almost luminescent in the low light. His grace may be muted these days, existing in some kind of weird symbiosis with the soul that he - apparently - created for himself, out of sheer fucking determination; but he’s still an angel, deep down. He still has a set of wings and something unearthly about him that has always pulled Dean in, like a fishhook in his heart.
Sam calls him back when they’re ready.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again. Sam and Eileen exchange a look - and Dean knows what they’re thinking, he’s sure he does. They think he’s slipping, that he’s had some kind of mental break and he’s headed back to the early days head-first; with the drinking, and the not sleeping, and researching The Empty in the Bunker’s archives until his eyes were so raw and dry that they felt like they were going fall out of his damned head.
“Dean,” Sam sighs, stirring his awful bowl of chia seed porridge.  If he had eaten like that as a kid, he never would have grown into such a giant.
Dean shrugs, “Haven’t decided. Just...get out of your way for a little while.”
“Don’t do that,” Dean says, immediately, feeling his guts twist around his home-cooked meal, for real this time. “Don’t bring her into it like that.”
Lilly vanishes behind the large tree that dominates the backyard, emerging from the other side with a long twing in her mitten-covered hand, which she uses to poke thoughtfully at the cold ground. “Cas, are you and Uncle Dean going to stay with us forever?”
“It’s a minor wound, Dean.” Matter-of-fact against the staggered beating of his heart. Suddenly, he wants to ask:
“Cas -”
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be?”
He knows Cas isn’t going to last; Dean can tell by the hesitation in his hand, by his faltering rhythm, by the way his breath catches going in, and trembles coming out. He drags his dick along the crease between Dean’s hip and groin one last time, and comes with a long, shuddering groan into Dean’s neck.
“Damn man - look at them,” Dean murmured, swaying slightly on his feet. “Never thought I’d see it.”
“Don’t say
The paint itches, and it reeks (of course). Eileen waves to Lilly, playing in the sandbox, and then closes the curtains.  Just in case. Dean stands awkwardly in the middle of the kitchen floor and tries not to scratch at his arms, while Sam starts his long recitation.
He slides his hands down Cas’ arms, dragging his coat free, tosses it with his own over the nearest chair. Cas has taken a liking to long-sleeved tees, anything soft cotton, with long cuffs that almost manage to hide his hands. Dean pushes the cuff back on one side, strokes the soft skin inside his wrist.
“I’m not in a rush, ya know.”
He laughed, immediately, cheeks flushing dark. “Nah man, That’s not for me.”
Dean stopped pacing. His footsteps on the hard floor seemed incredibly loud; loud enough to echo off the inside of his skull. He tangled both hands in his hair, pressing down with his palms as if that could possibly ease the pressure. Fuck, it was hot. His shirt stuck uncomfortably to his back. His jeans chafed against his thighs. He peeled off the flannel over his T-shirt and tossed it onto the bed.
“I know.”
“C’mon kid, keep it together.”
The phone beeps, connection gone. Dean blinks at it for a moment, then tosses his phone back onto the end table, and finally puts his head down to sleep.
. “Right. Okay.” He let out a long breath of air and made an aborted motion with his arms, like he was thinking of going in for a hug, but gave up at the last second. Dean looked up at his ridiculously tall little brother and for an instant - just the space between one blink and the next - he was
“We’re supposed to be meeting everyone for dinner, remember.”
“Would you like to dance, Dean?”
Instead, a minute later, a bare arm reached around him and cranked up the hot water.
, because Cas should be allowed to choose things for himself - and it’s equally ridiculous that Dean loves him even more than he did a minute ago, just looking at them.
“Awesome. Me too.”
“I - uh - I’m a little softer than I used to be,” he admits, sheepishly. No one can stay ahead of the slow march of time and the gentle temptation of fast food forever. These days, depending on the season, he’s stuck with anywhere between five and ten extra pounds he can’t seem to shake off. Cas must know it - they’ve been sleeping next to each other for weeks, and living in close quarters otherwise, but it’s a little embarrassing to know he’s actually going to see it.
It had often seemed a long and difficult year, since Chuck’s defeat, since Cas’ return from the Empty - learning to exist in the new, seemingly precarious world: Jack’s powers and his own lack of them; he and Dean learning to navigate the new world open to them with a frankly unsurprising lack of finesse. That was all falling away now - to be replaced with
He knows that, of course. He’s not a child, or an idiot. But his body feels things differently now - heat, cold, pain, pleasure - he’d forgotten. He still forgets.
“Cas. You can.  It’s fine.” Dean pauses, licks his lips, and thinks to himself that this is their problem, after all - they can never say the right damned thing. “I want you to.”
.  Yeah. Dean feels a hollow kick in his chest. Cas would have liked Lilly, he thinks; they would have been on the same weird wavelength, just like Lilly and Jack are - collecting pretty leaves, digging for secrets in the dirt in the backyard, naming all the birds that lived in the big tree - living in the world like everything is new, and good things are everywhere if you just look for them.
Maybe angel mojo could dull it a little, even if it couldn’t lift the curse. Hell, Cas could knock him over the fucking head, and Dean would thank him when he woke up.
to do this forever: lie in a nest of sheets that smell like the ocean, like soap, like his and Cas’ skin, and feel Cas slide into him, the hot, dizzying drag of skin on skin that burns Dean up from the inside out. Cas goes slow and easy, like it’s nothing at all to take Dean apart. No apocalypse, no deals hanging over anyone’s head, just Dean’s breathless exhale as Cas pushes in deep, and the sound of the ocean outside, caressing the shore. Cas’ hand runs down his arm, finds Dean’s hand where it’s tangled in the bedsheets and winds their fingers together, kisses the inside of Dean’s knee, moving steady and relentless. Dean feels like he’s drowning.
A fat, dark drop of spatters the coffee table. Dean looks down at it, confused. “I - uh -” He reaches up to wipe his face, and his hand comes away bloody, the front of his shirt is soaked.
“Alright, alright,” Dean laughs, face suddenly hot.  He shoves open the door and lets cool air flood into the car. “Slow down Cassanova. Maybe I need to fuel up first, huh?” Though he suddenly doesn’t feel all that hungry. He’s been thinking about it, of course - since the sun started sinking, particularly - the motel room that’s inevitably in their future, and what’s going to happen once they get there. It’s not inexperience that makes his skin tingle with nervous energy at the thought. Dean has always known he liked looking at other guys - liked strong shoulders and strong jaw lines and big, work-roughened hands - even liked fooling around with them, particularly when he was younger and stupider and prettier; but that’s all it was:
The girl - Anya, her name tag says, with a little smiley face drawn on in sharpie pen at the end - checks the meter. “Nope. Must be a real gas guzzler.”
firmly, and something in Dean’s brain finally clicks into place.
Cas continued, undaunted. “We have fought for one another - and
“Remember those guys from that alternate dimension,” he begins, which is one of those weird statements that only people in their line of work ever have to make; like
“Cas - Cas is that you?”
Jack reaches out, and tears open the veil. There’s a bright flash of blue-white light, and Cas spills out onto the linoleum, almost landing right on top of Dean. The air smells like a lightning strike, and it’s cold enough that Dean’s breath fogs the air for a few seconds before the temperature equalizes.
Sam’s response is, “I mean - pretty sure. The spells are designed for spirits, not angels...and we’ll need one that can bring us a specific - uh - entity, instead of whatever’s just hanging around. But it’s worth a shot.”
“Dean, are you alright? I’m coming in.”
Dean’s stomach swoops, and he swallows it down, hears his own throat click in the quiet darkness. “I - “ he tries, but the excuse doesn’t really exist. He doesn’t
“Yeah, no problem.”
One of many framed photos on the wall behind the couch is the one taken years ago, back in the days when they thought they’d only face one apocalypse in their lifetime. He and Sam look ridiculously young. Everyone else in the photo is gone. Dean taps his finger on the glass. “He’s this guy. The one in the goofy trench coat.”
Cas snorted. “It wasn’t exactly a hardship for me, Dean.”
Dean’s grip loosened, his fingers skated down Cas’ arm, seemed to hesitate when they reached his fingers, then pulled gingerly away.
Dean’s laughter was soundless, just a puff of air against Cas’s cheek. “Yeah. I mean, a little. Never thought I’d live to see the day.”
Cas was crouched on the floor - close, but not too close. Not as close as it felt like he was. Not as close as Dean wanted him to be. He looked worried. Almost genuinely afraid.
“Cas?” It comes out as barely a whisper, and he has to pause, clear his throat. “I - I uh - don’t know if you're still tuned into this frequency at all...We’re here, Cas. We heard you.
Which is how Cas ends up in the guest bedroom, and Dean ends up on the sofa, and Jack goes - wherever Jack goes, because he doesn’t even pretend to sleep anymore. And Dean’s exhausted, but he can’t sleep. He lies awake, listening to the ticking of the kitchen clock and the settling of the house, until he can’t take it anymore and goes upstairs.
Deans gaze shifts away - ashamed? Anxious? - it seems to take him a very long time to uncurl his fingers from around Castiel’s hands. “I was a dick, alright? I know - I just…”
He wasn’t looking particularly at Sam and Eileen, but the entire scene before them - their friends, their family, relaxed and joyful; celebrating a milestone that had once seemed impossible to reach.
Sam clears his throat, rubs the heels of his sock feet against the rug. He never could sit still when he was anxious. “You don’t have to do this anymore - wasn’t that the whole point?”
“You’re not even wearing a coat,” he observes.
Cas glanced down at his hand, at the rubber mallet he held in his loose fist, the tangle of woven bracelets - once Dean’s - around his wrist, the scar on his forearm from a fall he had taken last year. “Sorry - I was distracted. It’s a beautiful day.”
The bunker was starting to feel crowded.  Dean popped his head briefly into the kitchen to check on the food situation - relieved to find his hard work untouched - before making his way down to Sam’s room.
So they move the discussion into the living room.
He lifts Castiel’s hands to his lips, not for a kiss, but for three long, heavy puffs of warm air. They don’t cut through the cold, really, but for an instant there is a precious, shared warmth between them, damp against Castiel’s palms.
“So, what do you folks do for fun around here?”
Cas kisses like it’s everything; like Dean is the first oasis he’s seen after the longest desert he’s ever crossed. Dean feels whatever fragile control he thought he had over his body unravel completely. He starts to shake again, shoves his hands up underneath Cas’ wet T-shirt, swallowing the sound Cas makes at the feel of Dean’s hands on his rain-softened skin. Dean isn’t as gentle or meticulous as Cas. He bunches the cotton in his hands, digs his fingers into the fabric before pulling the T-shirt up over Cas’ head. The leather of Cas’ belt sticks, the buckle fights him like it’s frozen.
“We got a sitter,” he says, like supervision is the issue.
When Dean finally breaks away to make a go at his own boots and jeans, his hands definitely
it was that he’d never bothered to record anything else, even once he knew better.
That doesn’t mean it isn’t also hollow, sometimes; but taking the winter off isn’t going to solve that.
He might still call, though. He hasn’t in a long time - five, maybe six months. He’s still got his finger hovering just over the screen, trying to decide, when the phone starts to ring. There’s no caller ID, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t someone Dean knows.
For now, Rowena was working very diligently to teach him how to dance. Jack wasn’t showing much aptitude for it, but he seemed to be enjoying the process; his face decorated with a smile that had hardly slipped in hours, his shy laughter sometimes audible over the music as Rowena coaxed him into increasingly complicated steps.
He slips a cold hand up the back of Dean’s shirt, elated by his quiet shiver and the way he presses deeper into Castiel’s mouth, as if that alone could chase away the cold - until Sam interrupts.
- and then Cas had started asking. For mundane things, and ridiculous things; for simple things, and for things that Dean knew should be simple, but somehow weren’t. Dean had known they would eventually work their way up to this, or something like it; but now they’re here, and he’s not sure that his heart is built to beat this hard.
“I wouldn’t try and replace Castiel,” Jack says, softly. “I still look for him. All the time.”
“Fuck, Cas - don’t make me say it.”
Dean stumbled as they reached the near-center of the cleared space, hesitant, feeling exposed; but Cas looped his arms around Dean’s neck, and Dean’s hands found Cas’ hips by instinct, and that was basically it. He closed his eyes, shifted himself to the music, waited for the dizziness to subside.
It had seemed like a no-brainer. If he was alone, if he just closed his door, turned off the lights, he’d be fine. Sam could work on a counter-curse; and if Dean got really desperate in the meantime, he could just rub one out.
asked him?”
he was feeling. The relief was momentary at best. His hard-on barely flagged, but at least for a minute, he could almost think clearly; he could feel something aside from a desperate, burning need. That
“Maybe it’s better if you don’t -“
“Right!” Lilly laughs, already springing away across the yard. Her cheeks glow pink against the cold of the hazy morning. Castiel’s own face feels stiff, and he stuffs his chilled hands into the pockets of his coat as he trails after her across the lawn. He
Cas leans into him, “I missed you too.”
“Yeah,” Dean manages, hoarsely. He hooks a heel around the back of Cas’ thigh, presses one palm to the back of his neck and the other to his ass, roughly guiding his movements. “Keep going, Cas. C’mon.”
“Hungry?”
“It was
Sam picks a bit of lint off the upholstery and flicks it in Dean’s direction, a stupid grin cutting across his face.
“Not subtle, Cas,” Dean laughs, feeling a familiar fluttering thrill in his chest.
Jack looks at him, guileless. “They serve an important purpose in heaven.”
The hunts help fill up the empty spaces, even if it isn’t what he wants. Any chance for something else...well, that wasn’t in the cards anymore.
Cas hums, “I’ve recently discovered that subtlety is extremely unlikely to get me anywhere. It’s better to be…forthcoming about my desires.”
“He called me,” Cas explained, speaking slowly, like he was trying to be sure that Dean understood every word. “Some of the things he was finding in his research are...concerning.”
“Jesus, Cas,” he laughs, raggedly, twisting his head until his mouth meet’s Cas’ forehead in a sloppy half-kiss. “You do know I’m like -
“Nah - wait here. I won’t be gone long.”
He had spent all night pouring over the lore books that Sam had lifted from the bunker and stored in his basement - just a few of The Men of Letters’ greatest hits - and wishing the phone would just ring, so he could prove to Sam he wasn’t going nuts. Now, the books are piled in the corner of the living room, and Dean’s phone is on the charger, but it hasn’t rung at all.
“I don’t know.” Though it certainly seems like it could at any moment. The clouds look heavy, darkening on the western horizon, and the air has a metallic sharpness that bites at exposed skin.
“Yeah. I got that impression.” The way he’d shook against Dean’s back, his breath hot against Dean’s neck...Dean tried to shut out the vivid sense-memory of Cas’ hands stroking his sides, otherwise he’d be back in the shit well before he wanted to be.
Jack picks up the phone, turns it over in his hands. “I still can’t find him. I tried before I came here.” He swipes his finger across the screen, but Dean gets up and snatches it from his hand.
“Okay,” Jack says, he’s looking down at his shoes, but he’s smiling.
“That’s alright.” As he drew closer, Dean reached out and took him by the arm, reeled him in until they were face-to-face and knee-to-knee. Drowsy warmth radiated from him, and he smelled sweet and wild, like cut grass and beer and cake frosting. “It is - a lot, isn’t it?”
But Cas doesn’t reach for him. Instead, he starts by unzipping his own hoodie. The clink of the zipper’s teeth is jarringly loud, even against the roar of the motel room’s heater. He has to pull it off by the cuffs, rather than just shrugging out of it, and Dean is sure he can hear the sound of the wet cotton, dragging across the skin of Cas’ arms like a whisper. It makes Dean’s own skin prickle, and heat start to crawl up his chest, into his neck.
“Hey - you feel like going on a trip with me for a couple days?” he asks, trying to pitch it casually, without looking away from the T.V.
Cas - burnt ozone, fresh coffee, dry feathers and honey.
like that.” He pauses for a moment, looks away. “You know - Sam told me you were still hunting, before I came back. If you wanted to go back to that, I hope you don’t think I would stand in the way. And I may be without my powers for the foreseeable future, but I have significant combat experience - and anything I don’t know, I’m sure I could learn -”
“I’m also not the groom.” Sam paled, cheeks fading to the colour of a dirty dish rag.  Dean thumped him on the chest. “Hey - you got this man. You haven’t managed to scare her off yet, so you’re set.”
Dean managed a laugh, “All you did was touch my dick.”
He looks over. Cas’ face is flushed, shining with the exertion. His hair is a fucked up mess from all the time that Dean’s hand spent tangled up in it. Dean loves him like that; loves him every which way.
Cas nods, once. “I
“Hey,” Dean cuts him off with a laugh. “Don’t say you would’ve picked someone else.”
Still, it doesn’t always feel like a place where he belongs.
Cas stands, and just for a second Dean thinks he’s going to stop there, or maybe offer Dean an out; and he opens his mouth to say he doesn’t want one -
“How hard can it be? He’s in the Empty - he’s -”
“You mean those Hunter Corp guys?”
At first, there’s only static. Sam and the others come piling back into the room. Immediately, Sam rushes to get his setup reassembled, Eileen passing him pieces that have shot away across the carpet. Jack dives in, so close to Dean that he bumps against him like an over-excited puppy. Finally a voice breaks through all the racket, and all at once it’s like there’s nobody else in the room.
“Dean…”
“I’m sorry, alright - but what am I supposed to do?”
Sam would be safer. Sam was his brother. Sometimes Cas made Dean breathless in a normal situation, and this was nothing anywhere near
There’s a bright, cheerful ding, and Anya grins at him. “I bet,” she says, passing him the card reader. While Dean’s typing in his pin, she says, “Ya know - you go about an hour north on the 44, there’s Whitby Pumpkin Farm. They’ve got this Haunted Halloween Maze thing - it’s kiddie crap, but I took my girlfriend there last weekend, and I definitely got laid after.” She winks.
“Why? Did I forget to shave again?” He rubs his cheek against hers, and she squeals, helpless, squirming until he plants her on the floor again, and she immediately takes his hand, pulling him towards the living room before his boots are even off.
Jack chews thoughtfully, wipes his face on the back of his hand. Dean passes him a napkin, because he raised Sam with manners - even if he forgets his own - he’s gonna make sure Jack has them too.
? Why can’t they do it? There’s nothing out there anymore, to say they can’t.
“But you did.”
“Yes,” Cas says, hoarse and hot, swaying a little into Dean’s touch. When Dean kisses the knot of his jawbone, he tilts his head obligingly, breathless. “Very much.”
Dean knows that he should pick it up,drape it over one of the small chairs in the kitchenette to dry, but he leaves it there, waiting.
“Hey.” Dean bumps into him, just a little, so that Cas makes a low, amused noise in his throat. “Finished your book?”
Dean pinches him, and Cas rolls his eyes and shoves Dean’s shoulder with his other foot. He’s wearing ridiculous socks, with pink and purple polka dots - picked them himself, and Dean didn’t have the heart to say anything against it, like how Cas should have
“Yeah,” Dean tilted his face to the sharply blue sky, shielding his eyes with one hand. The light brought out the gold in his hair - and the spreading streaks of silver. “It’ll be great. if the weather holds. And if we manage to finish getting this tent up.”
“The curse won’t allow you to - uh -“ his eyes flickered away for a moment. That alone was so weird that it was almost enough to clear Dean’s head a little. “To satisfy yourself.”
Dean hangs up before it can finish, dials again, and again, and again.
Aren’t you -” his tongue catches. He can’t even say it yet. It’s too weird and huge. God. Jack might actually be God, and Dean can’t even begin to process that yet.
“You ever think of doing something like that?” he asked, voice barely above a whisper. The strange acoustics of the bunker carried the words nevertheless.
“I have yet to see any evidence of that. He glances down at Lilly, clutching his pant leg. “Whatddya say, squirt?”
“Just don’t,” Dean slapped him on the thigh. That turned out to be a very bad idea. Dean wadded the towel into his lap, embarrassed. “So - what’s angel stamina like - ya know. Generally?”
Cas’ voice hits him like a blow to the head. Dean doubles over, cursing, hands pressed to his ears. Sam’s hand braces against his back.
It’s so much bigger than that, but it’s also not something you explain to a kid. Dean didn’t even explain it to Sam until last year, here in this same living room. He’d kept the secret of what happened in the bunker for as long as he could, carrying it like a tumour in his chest, until he almost couldn’t breathe around it; finally let the whole story out on one particularly bad night, when he’d had just enough beer to loosen his tongue.
“Alright, can you stand?”
Cas frowns at them both. “Is the palace...made of corn? Or is the corn -”
“No,” Dean repeated firmly. “I’ve got my eye on both of you.”
He makes it about two hours before the center line starts wavering like a mirage, and he’s forced to pull over and sleep.
gloves, but always forgets them, in the small bin next to the front door. The only insulation he has now is the bandage on his hand, from the kitchen accident the previous night. He presses his thumb against it, waking a twinge of pain, which rouses the memory of sharp anger in Dean’s voice.
Dean rolls into Millersburg just a little too late to do anything constructive on his potential case; so instead of hitting up the police station like he planned, he gets a room at a dumpy little motel just off the highway, picks up something to eat from the diner next door (which he isn’t even really hungry for and ends up getting stuffed into the mini-fridge) and sacks out in front of the T.V.
“Yeah,” Dean snorts, “being
“So, how’s it going,  kid?”
But as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t. Like, physically fucking couldn’t. Every time Dean thought about putting a hand near his dick, it was actually physically painful; like driving the tip of his tongue into the pulp of a broken tooth, pain that was hot and electric and pounding. He had even tried humping against his pillow like some keyed up teenager - no hands involved there - but he’d got as far as one thrust and almost puked on the floor because it felt like his skull was literally going to crack down the middle.
The first thing they do is buy Cas a full wardrobe. According to Jack, he burned out his grace just to reach their side of the veil. Whether or not it will eventually come back on its own is anyone’s guess, but in the meantime, Cas needs clean underwear and socks - pants that aren’t Dean’s.
Cas continued, “Those under the influence of the spell have been known to act impulsively. And not be particularly discerning about their partners. Or their willingness to participate. Sam called me in case he needed...backup.”
Cas tipped his head, thoughtfully. “Not immediately. They seem to be enjoying themselves.”
Dean sighed, tucking his chin more tightly into Cas’s shoulder, whiskey-sweetened breath warm on Cas’s cheek, the curl of his arm around Cas’s waist gentle, but secure. Cas allowed himself to lean back into him, trusting Dean to keep his footing.
“Dean - slow down - would you - Dean!”
Cas was stroking his back again, trying to calm him, maybe, like Dean was a startled animal. “What else did you think about?”
Dean’s not entirely sure that whatever he’s doing won’t blow the roof off the house if it goes bad.
- and thought about how stupid and perfectly, perfectly fucking
“Dean? Is everything alright?”
Dean huffed, “Not to brag or anything.”
He snorts, “For what?”
Sam rolls his eyes, long-suffering. “Broccoli is good for you, Dean.”
Cas lays his book across his chest. “Of course.” He says it with such easy confidence that - if Dean wasn’t sitting down - he might have felt a little light-headed. “Where are we going?”
“Nah it’s fine - actually, I was feeling a little roasted after all that time on the beach yesterday.” He’s not used to so much sunlight, is the thing; and unlike Sam and Cas, he turns red, rather than pleasantly brown. It was sort of nice to go back to bed after lunch, sleep off the hottest part of the day.
Dean shrugged, nodded, his gaze pointedly averted, his hands curled into fists on his lap.
“Yeah.” Dean was surprised he had a voice. His throat felt like he’d spent a whole night with a bottle of Jim Beam and a carton of cheap smokes. “I’m good, Cas. C’mon. You’re doin’ good.”
Dean taps the ball of his foot against the floor, just to break the silence. “So much for an eternity in the Empty, huh?”
Dean lets him have a minute, rubbing one hand soothingly up and down the length of Cas’ back; then he gets his other hand between them, around Cas’ own hand, and guides him back to full, solid strokes, helping him get the pressure just right, the little twist that Dean likes for himself. Cas gets back into the game quick enough, pushes himself up just enough that he can look down and watch their hands working together. Dean closes his eyes and lets the warm, almost-ache of it wash over him in waves, focusing on the way it feels to have Cas on top of him, heavy and warm, smelling of rain and a little bit of gunpowder, until Cas says his name, low and almost reverent.
to go back downstairs and sleep on the couch. He wants to be where Cas is, to know that he’s there. “Alright.”
Dean chokes, inhaling a chunk of half-chewed ground beef. Jack pats him on the back until he manages to clear his airway and demand, “What the hell do you need angels for?”
The memory of the argument that followed is sour at the back of his throat, makes his eyes sting, like onion vapour.
Against his better judgement, Dean steps inside, and closes the door behind himself. Cas swings his legs over the side of the bed, making room for him to sit.  He looks strange, dressed in an extra pair of Dean’s sweats, an old T-shirt, sitting there in the dark.
“Actually, I was thinking I might take the winter off.”
They shuttle Lilly off to an obliging neighbour just for safety’s sake, and Sam goes full
Between one moment and the next, the canopy was made to stand, casting a wide patch of shade across the sun-warmed ground. Jack added the ribbons of white string-lights without being asked. The dull static buzz of divinity lingered in the still air.
Dean forces a shaky smile, sits up tall. “Hey, squirt. Shouldn’t you be in bed?”
Halfway through Sam’s vows, it started to rain, even though the sky remained completely cloudless. Droplets pattered on the canopy for a moment, almost unnoticed, until Dean reached over, palmed the back of Jack’s neck, and gave him a reassuring shake.
Dean tried to argue, but the wind was knocked out of him. Instead, he propped himself roughly against the side of the bed with his eyes crushed shut, and tried to level out his breathing.
Dean laughs. “No way, Sam. No way. If I need help, I know where to find it. I’ve got a list of hunters as long as my arm on speed dial.”
“Absolutely not,” Cas laughs. “Have you been up here the whole time? You didn’t have to stay behind just because I was here.”
Castiel, caught off guard, flounders - can’t quite bring himself to say
Cas! Take it easy!”
Despite the rude awakening, he likes these moments, the first few seconds of the day when everything is quiet except for the buzz of the mini-fridge and the sound of a television on the other side of the wall; easy and familiar, even if the room is a single now - with his gear scattered across every available surface, clothes tossed over the back of a chair, empty takeout containers on the dinette table.
“Stupid?” Dean finishes, eyebrow raised. “Of course not. I’m doing just like I promised, Sammy. Easy hunts. Nothing I can’t handle.”
“S’alright,” Dean says. His throat feels raw, and he wonders how much noise they made, suddenly glad that Claire and Kaia are two doors down, instead of right on the other side of the wall. “I kinda figured it might turn out like that, once we got going.”
“Yeah,” Dean drums his fingers on the steering wheel for a second, then flashes Cas a smile. “Sure. Like a date.”
“Cas?”
“You can’t stay like that forever.” He was moving closer, Dean could tell by the sound. Hell, he could almost count the molecules in the air between him and Cas. That wasn’t so unusual, but now it was dialed up to eleven. “This isn’t working.”
Dean’s head throbs with sympathetic memory. “I’m not going to like this, am I?”
“Dean.”
“I - I can’t.”
Cas’ teeth graze the tender spot where Dean’s neck meets his shoulder, and Dean’s body responds with a full, helpless shiver. “You did.”
“Maybe it doesn’t.” Dean bites the inside of his cheek, drags the heel of his boot against the dry earth under the bench. “I mean - maybe Chuck destroyed it once he pulled Lucifer out. Just like he destroyed all those other worlds. That’s not your fault.”
“You should see your face.”
“Oh, screw you -”
“This...was okay, right?” He feels like an idiot just saying it.
Cas spreads his palm, wide and warm, over Dean’s belly, kisses beneath his ear. “I promise, I don’t care about that. Please. Can I touch you?”
“I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, Sam,” he says, one night when it’s just the two of them, sitting on the front step with a couple of beers. He can hear Cas dutifully reciting the pages of
Dinner that night is like the best holiday Dean has ever celebrated. He grins until his face hurts, laughs until his chest aches, sitting next to Cas at the table, bumping their shoulders together every time he gets a chance.
Dean smirks, “Yeah, even I’m not
“I’ve been working on creating things,” Jack says, suddenly. When Dean blinks at him, a little alarmed, he clarifies, “just plants for now. It’s easy to hide things in the rainforest - so I don’t think anyone will notice. Animals are a little more complicated, and I don’t want to get them wrong.”
in front of a child - then the back door creaks open, the sound louder than it should be against the immobile cold.
“I forgive you, this time,” she pats his shoulder, quirks and eyebrow. “But you’re on dish duty tonight.”
“Yeah - that stuff. Have a seat.
“I’m God,” Jack offers, with a shrug.
“Later, maybe,” Cas smiles, reaches over to put his hand on Dean’s thigh, and leans back in his seat.
“We use you,” Jack says. The room goes silent for a moment, then Jack blinks. “Well - Cas was already reaching out to him. That means Cas must be able to see him from wherever he is, at least sometimes. We just have to make him....brighter.”
“You gonna give it to me, Cas?” Dean means it to sound teasing, but it comes out more desperate than anything.
“Should make you buy me dinner first,” he says, going for the drawstring on Cas’ shorts. They’ve got ridiculous cartoon sharks all over them because Jack picked them out, and Dean shouldn’t be so charmed by them, but he is.
“Hey, squirt - breakfast is ready,” Dean calls from the porch, and instantly Lilly is sprinting for the door. She stops only to crush herself against Dean’s side in a breathless hug. Castiel lingers on the lawn, feeling like his feet have sunk into the dying grass. Dean stands, not quite looking at him, one hand shoved into the pocket of his sweatpants, the other picking at some loose fragment of wood on the deck rail.
They drive through until late afternoon, taking the backroads that Dean always prefers when he’s got nowhere to be. They’re already starting to lose daylight when they drive past an old farmyard - tilting barn, big old house with the paint peeling off the outside, and a For Sale sign on a half-torn down fence - and a few minutes later they’re cruising down one of those picture-perfect little main streets, peppered with tidy storefronts like something out of a Rockwell painting.  Dean spots a diner, and pulls into the parking lot.
“It’s going to be alright.”
Sam makes a constipated face somewhere between offended and openly horrified. “Maybe someone else should stay in the room with you.”
Dean jokes, helplessly, as Eileen paints the sigils up and down his arms,
There’s a plate of leftovers under plastic wrap waiting for him on the kitchen counter, because Sam may risk blowing up his brother’s brain with sketchy magic, but he wouldn’t let him starve. Dean eats in the living room, in the dark, grimly admiring the sigil left scorched on the surface of the coffee table. He’ll have to re-finish that, he decides, just to make it up to them.
It’s not any quieter. Dean has stood next to speakers at rocks concerts that made him feel less  like his bones were vibrating. He grits his teeth against it. The skin on his arms feels like it’s on fire. “You can see me - can you get here?”
Dean glances at his phone, sitting out on the table. It still works, but now the screen is cracked. There’s a fifty-fifty shot, Dean figures, whether that was caused by the magic, or by his grip. No missed calls, so Cas hasn’t tried to get in touch with him again.
Every night, they have dinner - six of them crowded around the table, elbows bumping, and go to bed hoarse with laughter.
He’s discovered that he likes being able to do this - to touch Cas, simply, thoughtlessly. He likes best when he forgets to hesitate before doing it.
- cool and salt-tinged. There are just a few families on the beach - colourful shapes in the distance, their laughter sometimes only
,” Sam said, fondly exasperated. Both he and Eileen were wearing almost identical gentle smiles. “C’mon.”
“Absolutely.” It’s practically as easy as breathing. Dean’s been doing it since he was at least six years old. “You have a kid.”
Cas frowns, pressing cool fingers to the skin on the back of Dean’s neck. “How do you feel now?”
He manages, by some miracle, to act almost entirely normal as he checks them in; the anxious, electric feeling doesn’t come back until he’s shouldering his bag from the trunk, following Cas inside.
In the early days, Dean would call almost every night, and couldn't sleep until he did. Most of the time, he’d have a bottle in the other hand while he did it, but he’d sworn off the heavy stuff  after Lilly was born, so there’ll be none of that now.
Warm spring sunlight bathed the hills surrounding the bunker in a gradient of white and gold. towering trees, worn with time, tangled shrubs and wild grasses stretched themselves towards the light, spread their leaves, hummed in the faint, cool wind. The peak of the power plant’s roof, just visible over the rise, was dappled with green, gold, and grey, its worn tiles rippling like water.
“You know exactly what you’re doing, Dean,” Sam says, cutting him off. “Just lean into it a little. Don’t worry about the end. Not everything is a disaster waiting to happen.”
“You talked to Jack, lately?”
“If you want we can do this again after dinner,” he says. And fuck yeah Dean
“I can’t find him,” Jack says, hands curling and uncurling at his sides. All around them the street is filling up with people, people who don’t even know they lost whole days of their lives, who don’t know anything has changed.
He’s driven about every stretch of road that spans from everywhere in the continental United States back to Sam and Eileen’s little house, but Cas has barely been more than a few miles away since he got back from the Empty. The furthest they went was to a thrift store in town to get him new clothes. Now he's glued to the window, watching the clean fields of golden autumn grass roll past, the distant houses, the occasional horse or group of cows.
“And what about you?”
“Hey,” Dean squeezes his shoulder, reassuring. “Don’t worry about it, okay? You’re doing a good job. The planet hasn’t blown up yet, anyway, so that’s something.”
these hands can get up to, huh?”
“I won’t,” he promises, earnest. “Cas - I’m pretty sure you’re capable of basically anything at this point. I mean - you put up with me.”
Dean looked at him, calm, perhaps slightly reverent, though he could never confess it. His eyes were very bright in the low light, his lips parted slightly. Cas wanted to kiss him, but didn’t.
Though he’s used to Dean’s casual self-deprecation, it still manages to break his heart. “It’s not nearly as difficult as you seem to think. Or even as difficult as you want it to be.”
Dean grabbed the door, but the knob twisted uselessly in his hand. He pulled, but it wouldn’t give way. Sam had locked him in somehow.
Dean closed his eyes and took a long, slow breath, feeling slightly lightheaded as he said, “Oh. Good.”
Not that today was the day to do it. Maybe tomorrow, or in two weeks, or a month. Once Dean had the chance to work the sharp edges off of it. He was getting really good at
, Dean tells himself.
“I’d love to, squirt - but I should say hi to your mom and dad first, okay?”
“It’s fine,” Dean says, a little breathless, feeling giddy as he watches Cas reach for his belt. Wet denim doesn’t like to go anywhere at the best of times. It drags and bunches, heavy and immobile, resisting every step of the way; but Cas works at it pathently, crouches down to get the jeans all the way off of Dean’s legs, and takes care of Dean’s socks while he’s down there. Dean stares at the back of Cas’ neck, hyper-aware of how obvious the bulge in the front of his own shorts is. It’s unmistakable what his body wants, even if his brain can’t quite articulate the thought yet.
Sam purses his lips, suspicious. “You’re not doing anything -”
“I would have said so,” Cas finishes, emphatically.
Cas pushes both his hands into Dean’s hair, so that Dean has to tip his head back to look up at him. The angle - that long expanse of sun-darkened skin, and the bright blue of Cas’ eyes looking down at him, hungry, sends a pleasant chill down Dean’s spine.
stupid.”
“Dean?” Cas was still touching him, gentle and cautious, all over. “Maybe you should sit down.”
“Dean - Dean I -”
Dean felt like his skin was buzzing, everywhere Cas touched, everywhere he was close to touching. “You can’t Cas. You don’t have to do this.”
Cas hums, kisses Dean’s shoulder, and then doesn’t pull away, just sort of rests there with his mouth and the pleasantly scratchy stubble on his cheeks. He smells like salt water and sunshine and the coconut sweetness of the sunscreen he lets Dean rub into his back and shoulders because Dean will be damned if either one of them is going to die of something as stupid as skin cancer, after everything they managed to outlive. His fingertips skim and skate over Dean’s back - high at first, but gradually dipping lower until they tease the small of Dean’s back, and Cas bumps up against him, a bit like an affectionate cat.
,” Sam tried to argue, sounding pained.
and Cas snickering softly in his ear.
“Great,” Dean mutters, rubbing at his wrist. “So that’s out. Any other ideas on how we find Cas?”
Silence; then, the familiar
She glances between them, thoughtfully, then shrugs. “Good or bad, there’s only the one. The Sunset - just keep heading up the street from here. Can’t miss it.”
“Rehearsal's over Sammy - it’s go time.”
again: a cherub-cheeked little baby, reaching for Dean from the bottom of a rickety motel crib.
“Fine. Instead of more hunting...” Sam starts, and Dean leans back, fights the urge to put his feet up on the coffee table, because he’s about ninety percent sure where this is going, and he’s already exhausted over it. “Maybe you could take a break - for the winter. Lilly would love to have you around more.”
“I want to undress you. If that’s alright.”
“Dean?”
“I said I didn’t know -” Sam looks up and his mouth drops open, his eyes wide and horrified. “Oh my god, Dean.”
If it was a little darker, if the beach was a little more private, Dean might have been convinced to just lean into the rail a little bit, slide his feet a little farther apart and just let Cas have whatever he wants. He’s gotten good at that. But he’s a bit old to be getting a public lewdness citation, so he lets Cas steer him off the balcony and into the bedroom, getting handsier as they go. Cas gets his whole hand down the back of Dean’s shorts, giving a quick squeeze; and Dean laughs, stupidly delighted, feeling drunk on how much he likes Cas’ hands all over him.
Dean hears the rush of his blood, mixed in almost perfect harmony with the lulling roar of the ocean. Cas settles half on top of him, overheated and messy, weighing Dean down in a way that’s kind of uncomfortable, but also reassuringly real - the way their skin sticks and the damp hair tickling Dean’s chin is a reminder that they’re both alive, that they’re here. Dean closes his eyes and lets himself drift.
“Alright,” Dean says, “let’s hear it.”
Dean checks out at three a.m., and turns the car back around, telling himself that later he’ll call someone, drop the line to them on the weird disappearances; but for now, he just wants to drive.
Dean wasn’t sure he could feel pain, with the state he was in. He was even less sure he would care if he did. But he tried to be ready for it anyway; tried to relax and breathe. But the minute Cas started pushing forward, it was like all of Dean’s nerves were instantly flayed raw. All he could do was shake a groan, loud and long and wordless, until Cas was flush against him, one hand still pressed to Dean’s back, the other wrapped tight enough around Dean’s bicep to make Dean’s fingers tingle.
“Of course I have. I just think he’d like to hear it from you.”
; Dean gave it to her last Christmas, just to see the look on Sam’s face - until Cas starts to look hazy around the eyes, and Dean announces, “Okay squirt - time for Cas to hit the hay. He’s had a long day.”
Sam eyes him skeptically for a moment. “Well,” he says, when he’s finished with the silent judgement routine, “If you ever need a second pair of hands -”
Cas doesn’t move right away. He looks both bigger and smaller in what Claire jokingly calls his
The way he says it, with just the tiniest unsteady edge - Dean would give Cas his whole heart if Cas asked. Hell, he already has.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Dean says, flatly.  As much as he wants to talk to Cas - he’d give a fucking arm for it, at this point - there’s a certain sticking point. “First of all, none of us is a medium - “
“Right, of course.” Cas tightened his grip on the mallet, but Dean’s hand caught him by the wrist.
“Do you have
“I just...wanted something that was only for us, you know. No sneaking around playing grab-ass while Sam and Elieen aren’t looking. I guess I could have tried to be more -” he pauses, coughs, then manages, “romantic. Or whatever.”
“Hey - you -” Dean starts, feeling the familiar fire of anger rising in his chest before he can quite manage to smother it. He shouldn’t be angry, because he doesn’t envy Sam at all - not really. Mostly, he’s just glad. Glad that Sam gets his life, his house, his stupid, hybrid car and his little family. It never broke his heart the way Sam worried it would - hell, the way Dean worried it would, back before he grew up enough to know better. This might be Sam’s family, but it’s his, too - and his world is bigger, brighter with Elieen and Lilly in it.
chance, even.
“Cas…” Dean pats at him with trembling hands, gets two solid fistfuls of his coat. Cas looks around, eyes wide and lost, like he doesn’t believe what he’s seeing. “Cas. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“Why?”
He hadn’t actually considered that. “He just wanted to be helpful.”
“We think it was,” Sam clarifies. “But he hasn’t called again.”
Jack snuffled loudly, wiping at his face with both hands. “Sorry - I’m just so
Dean thinks of all the times they stood like this, face-to-face, breathing each other’s air, and never reached across the gap. “Go ahead,’ he says, and Cas slides the flannel off Dean’s shoulders. It doesn’t go easily, catching and dragging across Dean’s bare forearms and over the backs of his hands before tumbling to the dingy carpet with a soft
He can tell Cas is close to sleeping in just a couple of minutes by how slow and even his breathing is. Dean knows he should leave well enough alone, but he’s resolved to be smarter this time, to not let too many things go unsaid.
But Sam just stares him down, unflinching. “You’re really going to lecture me,” he says, flat.
Sam scowled, squirming under Dean’s attention like he was still in kindergarten, and Dean was trying to get him dressed for school. “You’re not even dressed.”
“And you’re sure no one’s going to end up - turned into a pillar of salt or something?” he presses, because as eager as he is, Sam has a family now - and he won’t risk that, even for Cas.
; still not all that good at
“Unfair,” Jack agrees. “And complicated. How do I choose who to intervene for? And what about the situations that I don’t intervene in? Even thinking about it I can’t -”
“Cas wouldn’t blame you. I don’t blame you.  Got it?” He would have, once. He’d have been happy to blame anybody else so that he didn’t have to feel it. Look where that got him. “So don’t beat yourself up over it so much.  And come to dinner once and awhile.”
Cas kisses him like it’s everything, like it’s earth-shattering and life-changing, every time; like it’s the most important thing he’s ever done - and Dean relaxes into it, sucks at Cas’ lower lip, gets both his hands on Cas’s hips and runs his palms up Cas’ sides. Cas rocks up against him, eager already.
“I know,” Cas says. He gets a hand inside Dean’s coat, over his heart, heavy and warm. “I don’t feel rushed. I…” he takes a slow, shivery breath, shifts minutely closer, so that Dean can feel the heat coming off him. “I’m honestly not sure I know what I feel.”
“Ya know, I was thinking Cas and I might take a little road trip.”
It’s a nice little place, as it turns out. A bit quiet, maybe - Dean’s surprised to see so few locals out for dinner - but the waitress is friendly and the food is good; Dean even finishes his veggies. (Despite himself, he’s started appreciating the odd bit of ruffage.) They linger a while when they’re done, watching the traffic outside thin out as it gets darker. Not much activity on the streets after dark in a town this small, especially as the weather gets colder; but it leaves Dean feeling weirdly exposed. It’s obvious they’re not local, when they don't immediately bundle up and head home as soon as the streetlights come on.
“Sure,” he laughs it off as quickly as he can, strides up the sidewalk and pulls open the door. “C’mon, let’s eat.”
His dreams are half-delirious, full of ringing phones, static, and Cas’ voice.
audible over the wind. Dean leans his elbows on the balcony rail and lets it just wash over him, breathing it into his lungs like he’s been doing for the past week - feeling everything like it’s bright, and new, and terrifying.
If that failed, he could always just call the bunker. These days, there are a dozen or so hunters - mostly Apocalypse-world survivors - who have access to the Men of Letters Bunker. It’s something of a way-station, where you can go if you need a place to lie low, or to research a particularly obscure bit of lore. There are still rooms that are strictly off-limits, to which only Sam and Dean hold the keys; but there’s a dedicated land-line installed, and you can almost guarantee that no matter what time of day or night the phone rings, someone will be there to answer.
Dean pulls his shirt off, drops it to the floor. Cas makes a low, hungry noise, and immediately his hands are everywhere, skimming so reverently over Dean’s exposed skin that it aches, makes Dean gasp and push both his hands under Cas’ shirt, just to have something solid underneath them. He presses his mouth to the skin showing just above Cas’ collar, wets it with his tongue, sucks until Cas groans, deep in his throat and grabs restlessly at the hem of his own shirt.
Dean pressed a hand over his face. “Where - where’s Sam?”
Warm, damp air tickles across Dean’s thighs and ass. He knows Cas is looking at him - hands hovering between them like they don’t know where to land - but Dean can’t immediately process that. He’s beyond thought; for a moment, there is only his body: the burning warmth in his neck, cheeks and ears; the slight, embarrassing tremor in his knees; the prickling of excitement across his skin. He sways forward on instinct, and Cas’ palm presses into his ribs, like he’s worried Dean will fall. Instead, Dean bumps his forehead gently against Cas’, nudging nose against nose, but not quite mouth against mouth. Cas closes his eyes; Dean can feel his arm trembling.
The sound of Cas’ voice echoing off the walls made him flinch. “Go away, Cas. This is private.”
“Yeah - you said all that stuff, and I didn’t know what to do with it, Cas. I wasn’t even sure what it meant, and you were just fucking
Silence. It’s so quiet that Dean can hear the clock in the kitchen, ticking, can hear the subtle shift of cloth against cloth, of hushed breath as the others wait anxiously; he can hear his own heartbeat loudest of all. His head starts to pound along with it.
Dean laughed, raggedly, “Yeah, I figured that much out already.”
“That itches!” She protests, tiny fingers in his hair, the collar of his shirt.
Castiel chokes back a laugh before he can stop himself. “That probably wouldn’t have been the best idea.”
- which seems petty, if truthful. They’ve both drawn blood on more than one occasion.
, Dean. You’re both family, you can stay as long as you want.” he pauses, ominous, and then, because he’s completely an asshole and Dean obviously raised him wrong, he adds, “As long as you change the sheets.”
“Alright - alright,” he starts shepherding Jack and Eileen towards the kitchen. “We’ll wait in here. Just - be careful.”
“I know.”
Then, he prays.
“Oh yeah?” Sam manages to keep a straight face, but the way his eyes crinkle at the corners as he scrubs at the plate in his hand makes Dean want to reach over and give him a smack just on principle. “Where to?”
“Sorry,” Cas says, as the shirt comes free.
Dean sighs, sets his burger back in his lap. “I know, kid. I know you wouldn’t give up on him.”
“I’m serious.” Dean shored himself up, frowning at the tie between his fingers. He wasn’t used to doing this - and even less used to doing it for someone else. “You and Eileen are good. You’re gonna be good.”
Cas goes back to his book. Dean zones out in front of the TV, dozes off like an old man, and wakes up to Cas standing over him, combing fingers through his hair.
“Who was that?” Jack asks.
“Uh, thanks. Thanks Cas. I appreciate it.” Dean winced at himself. The words sounded stupider out loud even than he’d figured they would. But what else was he supposed to say: I appreciate you being willing to fuck me senseless so that I don’t literally die of a cursed case of blue balls?
For a second, the guy looks like he might say more, but then his smile shrinks to something shy, and he disappears inside. Dean picks up his order a few minutes later, leaves the car  in the lot, and hikes around the rest stop until he finds a secluded bench. A brass plate on the back dedicates it to the memory of Roy. No last name, no heartfelt message.  Dean unwraps his lunch, transforming the paper bag into a makeshift picnic blanket - two burgers, two orders of crisp, golden fries, two drinks. For a moment he sits silent, considering, rubbing his palms on his soft-worn jeans.
“How do you feel about visiting a Haunted Halloween maze?” Dean asks as they swing out onto the 44, headed north. If Cas says no, they can just keep going.
“It makes sense,” Eileen nods, flipping through one of the massive books. Dean’s not even sure what language it’s written in.  Urdu? When did she learn to read Urdu? “Maybe that’s why Jack couldn’t find him. A place between two planes of existence might be out of God’s reach.”
The jeans go next. Cas doesn’t need any real direction on when to lift his hips, though he’s looking at Dean like maybe he’s seeing him for the first time, mouth slack and licked-wet lips parted, and when Dean leans in to kiss him again, he meets Dean half-way - no hesitation - a sweet slip of tongue before he sucks on Dean’s lower lip, cradling Dean’s face between his hands.
This concludes Dean’s daily dose of embarrassment, apparently; so he makes a tactical retreat to the living room, where Cas is holed up on the couch with a book he pilfered from one of Sam and Eileen’s many, many shelves. When Dean approaches, he helpfully lifts his legs to make room, and then deposits his feet in Dean’s lap when Dean sits down.
He and Dean have been back at the house for three days; no one has actually discussed what they might do next. Dean is typically prickly, when it comes to discussions of the future. “I don’t know,” Castiel says, finally. “Your parents might want their guest room back.”
of atoms rearranging.
“Yeah, I’m okay Cas.”
- might be the best sound he’s ever heard.
The next few days are a little surreal, to say the least.
The phone beeps, the connection drops. Dean stares at it, helpless, his fingers curled so tightly around it that his knuckles have gone white. “What the hell - I thought you said I’d have a few
- but then Cas’ fingers hook into the waistband of his boxers, pushing them down and off.
She speaks as if Jack is right next to them, though he isn’t - at least, not in a physical sense. Sometimes, Castiel feels as if he might be watching, but it’s difficult to say. Castiel’s grace remains little more than an ember; he has no connection to the heavenly host. If he feels Jack’s presence in anything, it is either wishful thinking,or because Jack wants him to.
Cas says it the way he says most things - with no particular emphasis. Still, it hits Dean like a kick to the chest, making him suck in a hard breath through his teeth. The room feels suddenly smaller, hotter, darker. Cas stands very still, but Dean is shaking. He can feel the tremor in his shoulders, his arms. It’s not from the cold, even though the rain managed to soak them through, because digging up the graves took for-fucking-ever, even with Claire and Kaia helping. It’s not even the last traces of adrenaline trickling out of his blood. He’s shaking and shaking, and it’s too much right now to think about why.
touching. They’ve kissed before - that was one of Cas’ most recent requests, in the dark of the bunker kitchen, just before dawn.
He’s going to do more than fool around with Cas; he’s going into this with his whole heart, not just to scratch an itch (though - who’s he kidding - the itch is definitely there) and it kind of scares the shit out of him. Not that he’ll admit it out loud.
They leave after breakfast the next morning, promise up and down they’ll be back soon, soon, no later than Thanksgiving, because Sam can’t cook a turkey to save his life so Dean has to be the hero in that situation; and then they point Baby out onto the highway and
Dean smiles back, so wide his face hurts. He loves that, too. “Yeah, Cas. I’m great.”
“I know,” Cas answered, pulling Dean closer, canting his hips at an angle that made Dean whine breathlessly. “I know Dean, I’m here. I’m here.”
“Cas -” Dean cuts him off, not sharply, but firmly; reaches across the seat and squeezes his arm, familiar, sturdy. “I know, alright. But…”  Dean hesitates - but then thinks
“Hold that thought,” he kisses the side of Cas’ neck. “Just a little bit longer.”
“It’s...overwhelming,” Jack sighs. He stares at his burger like it holds the secrets of the universe. “There’s so much need. But too much intervention is…”
“You couldn’t show up last night?” Dean grumbles, rubbing his forehead. “I was praying my ass off.”
“Stannis.” Castiel put a hand on Shepard’s shoulder. The Commander looked back at the angel and quirked an eyebrow.
,” he whispered. “I’ll see you soon.” He reared back and then plunged the blade into the hole with all his might, causing the pylon to blow apart as the camera footage went dark.
“A life?” Rasa snapped. “The galaxy is going to shit, and you’re here to play Knight in Shining Armour with me?”
“Find anything?” Kaidan’s voice was weak.
Hackett reached into his pocket and pulled out a glittering platinum ring to show to his son. The ring’s central band held a single blue-white stone that had been cut to follow the circumference of the ring. Filigree veins of eezo shimmered within the stone. “I’m going to do what I couldn’t do years ago without jeopardizing your mother’s career. Look, Stannis...son. Before you call her.” Hackett took a deep breath. “I want you to know that I have always been proud of you, and that I’ve loved you since before you were born. You can do this, I know it.” He put the ring back in his pocket, and the two men embraced. “I’ve got to head back to the
“On it.” The holographic Geth summoned an OmniTool and started entering commands. All the cell phones around the table lit up and emitted a few bars of a song, and Fermat nodded. “There. You’re now part of a network with encryption that would make even the best intelligence services of this world ridiculously jealous. You should be able to share data in realtime, and as a bonus, the network's redundant; that way, if one node goes down the rest will stay active.”
“How did I not see you when you first took Sam as a vessel?” Castiel demanded.
, even after I tried to kill him and take the
“The short answer is, “No, they’re not.” The clone slowly walked out from the open doorway in front of the group, a smug expression on his face. “Isn’t that right, ‘Staff Analyst Brooks’?”
“I know, Tali.” Legion took her hand in both of his and gave it a gentle squeeze. “Thank you. Keelah se’lai.” The geth released its grip and fell to the ground, and went dark.
“That you in there, Legion?” Dean asked.
Sam’s response was to bury his face in his palm while Dean rolled his eyes and Castiel shook his head.
that’s currently in the AI Core--so I am not feeling very patient or charitable right now. The only reason why you’re not in the ship’s brig is because you needed medical attention, and you helped Liara when she asked for it. So, I’m going to ask questions,” Shepard said in a slightly menacing tone. “and I want answers--truthful answers." A scar along the edge of the right side of Shepard's jaw glowed faintly red. "You’ll give them to me, or I
“Thanks,” Dean replied, taking the tray and smiling at the asari, who giggled and blushed slightly. “Never had this before, looking forward to trying it.” The four of them sat down at a nearby table. The skewers were spicy, lightly breaded, and tasted like a cross between beef and chicken. “What did you say this was?” he asked Garrus.
“Yeah. And the shockwaves. The big drawback to being a biotic is that you have to eat a lot, to keep your electrolytes and blood sugar at normal levels. Or, like I said, you can burn yourself out.” Shepard took a deep swig from his energy drink and grimaced. “I’ve seen it happen. The body consumes itself because it has no other source of energy--It’s not pretty.”
“All these bodies,” Gabriel said quietly. “All this death. I...I needed to see it, Stannis.” He sighed deeply and knelt down to examine the corpse of an Asari child. The child’s pale lavender skin was smudged with ash, which the doppelganger gently wiped away with a gauntleted hand. “You see them every night. You hear whispers, feel the heat of unquenchable flames, and you wake exhausted. Who do you blame for this, Stannis?” Shepard hesitated, and Gabriel looked back up at him. “Do you blame the Reapers? Or yourself?”
“Juice?” Jimmy offered the glass to Castiel. When he shook his head, Jimmy shrugged and took another drink. With each sip, the lights flickered a little less and were a little brighter when they came up again. Cas got up from the table and walked toward Jimmy. The angel reached out and put a hand on his shoulder, and the lights came up and stayed up. “Looks like our electrolytes are back to normal,” Jimmy mused. “That’s certainly a good thing.”
“Batarian?” She raised an eyebrow and flipped a lock of hair out of her face. “It’s gotta be bad, if you’re cursing in Batarian. What’s up?”
“Something isn’t right, Garrus.” Dean looked down into his glass and swirled his drink for a moment before draining it. “I don’t know what it is, but I feel like we’re all being…”
Dean zeroed in on one of the husks, and a data stream ran up the side of his vision like it did with the spider. The husk ran toward him with three of its fellows, and Dean rolled backward to pick up the SMG, cutting the zombies down as he came up on one knee, panting. He levelled the SMG at the far corners of the room for a moment before dropping the gun to the floor.
Dr. Chakwas completed her scan, and the light-glove snapped off. “All done, thank you gentlemen. I just need to get back to the medbay and--” Her statement was cut short when the lights dimmed and came up again. The ship shook slightly, and strange sounds like electrical surges and an engine revving began echoing through the ship. “--process the information I gained from the scans. Finish getting dressed,” Dr. Chakwas said. “I have a feeling you may be needed sooner rather than later.” She walked out of the showers, leaving the Winchesters to finish putting on their new clothes.
“I created Harbinger’s present form,” the child replied, its voice impassive. “They needed to complete their task.”
EDI: I may have...bent the truth a bit.
“He’ll live. I’ll know more in a few days--for now, though, I have to focus on the job. Go grab yourselves a shower on Deck Three. I’ll have fresh fatigues waiting for you when you get out. We have a doctor on board now, and she wants to give you a baseline physical exam. After that, you can get yourself something to eat from the mess. We’ll talk more after I get back from Palaven.” Shepard turned and retreated up the stairs.
“And the car?” Dean started looking around in earnest, craning his neck to try to get a better look over the tall corn. “Don’t tell me those junkless dicks left Baby in South Dakota…” He stamped and huffed for a moment, then took a couple of deep breaths. “Okay Dean,” he whispered to himself, “don’t hyperventilate...the car’s at Bobby’s…” He jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and turned to see his brother looking at him with a slight smirk.
“I dunno Garrus,” Dean said, “I think it’s actually worse--demons are just souls that had all the humanity burned out of 'em after they died. But the Reapers and their goons...well, you saw what happened to me.”
“Oh yes,” Adams said before he collapsed the blade. “Though some of our combat engineers use them to help punch or backhand attackers, rather than using the blades.” He tapped the tool and made a fist, and a large orange gauntlet appeared over his hand. “Like this. But I’ll let you mess with it and come up with something that works for you.” The engineer smiled. “Just don’t go too overboard with it, because you risk over-taxing the microframe and slowing down other processes that may be more important. But if you’re up to your eyeballs in husks, that blade is better than nothing. When you’re in a hardsuit in the field, the tool interfaces with sensors in your gauntlets, so you can use it and your weapon if you need to. Any other questions for me?”
his voice growled on the recording.
Wrex laughed from the back seat. “I've got enough scars," he quipped, "I don't need anymore thanks!”
Sam and Dean looked at each other. “Cas.”
He watched the Normandy speeding away as he fell, and for a brief instant felt some measure of satisfaction. He wasn’t going to rot in some Alliance prison, he was going to go out on his own--
Shepard put up a hand, signalling the squad to stop. He pointed to a small group of husks that were hunkered down over something. Dean raised his sniper rifle and prepared to take a potshot, but Garrus stopped him and pointed to Shepard, whose barrier flared bright blue right before he charged into the husks, the force of his charge blasting them into chunks.
LIARA: (raises eyebrow) Put it on the central monitor, please.
“Yes, there’s a store about two hundred meters to your right and across the street, as you come out the door of the hotel. There’s also a list in your room of local eateries and shops, for your convenience. We also provide a complimentary extranet connection, if you choose to do your shopping from the comfort of your room.”
going it alone. Look at everything you’ve accomplished, the talented people under your command--even the divine intervention that you got in the form of Cas and the Winchesters.” Kaidan leaned in to plant a kiss on Shepard’s shoulder, and embraced him. “Hell, You’ve even got one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse on our side. For the first time ever, the galaxy has a real shot at getting the job done--and it’s because you gave them hope. We’re all helping you shoulder the burden.”
Kael nodded, and he and his team vanished with Chief Faber’s corpse. Israfel sighed at the burnt spot on the floor that marked where Camael had been standing and turned to walk out of Engineering.
“Oh crap...is it supposed to do that?”  Dean looked at his Omni-Tool, then at Steve. “I didn’t break it, did I?”
“Sorry!” Dean yelled back as he grabbed a hunter from over a half-wall. He quickly severed the platform’s head unit with his Omni-Blade and lobbed the sparking head in the general direction of an oncoming pyro-trooper, which distracted it just long enough for Dean to fire off a shotgun blast that caused the unit’s flamethrower tanks to explode. The cannon stopped firing, and Sam hustled back over to Dean’s position. “Got it?” Dean asked.
“Jack,” Garrus laughed. “Dean, you would love Jack. Snarky, loves her alcohol, doesn’t take shit...She doesn’t need a gun to kill you though--she can kill you with her mind.” Dean got an uncomfortable look on his face. “Relax,” the turian assured him, “she’ll only do it if you’re with Cerberus.”
Kaidan chuckled. “Heh, I figured.” He removed his own shirt and knelt down to undo his boots. “I’m just trying to better understand how things work for you, as opposed to other biotics like me or Shepard.”
Cerberus finally gets taken out. Castiel and Dean are reunited, with tragic consequences.
Cortez took Castiel’s trenchcoat, and he and Vega watched them get on the elevator. When the door closed, they each put an arm around each other’s waist, and Cortez leaned into Vega, who hugged him and planted a kiss on the top of his head. “It’s like watching the kids go off to school,” Vega said jokingly.
Sam mumbled something incoherent, and the man in the suit looked down at him with steel-grey eyes. “Good morning, Sam. So good of you to join us.” Sam grunted and strained against the restraints that held him down to the bed, and the man in the suit looked back at the doctor. “Re-sedate him and get him prepped for surgery. I’ll be departing with his brother within the hour--I expect a full report by the time I leave.”
“You ok?” Sam raised an eyebrow. “You look a little worried.”
“What matters is that he was there when I needed him most.” Kolyat shook Shepard’s hand. “And I have you to thank for that, Commander.” The Winchesters and Castiel stepped forward, and Kolyat shook their hands. “Thank you for being here for us.”
” Stannis slumped in the grasp of the grey-clad trio. “Here. The Medi-Gel I gave you has a mild sedative in it, so you won’t bleed out. Stannis…”
KAIDAN: Oh right--Reapers can hack into...what did you call it? “Angel Radio”?
Azrael smiled. She pulled the split hair from her head, and got up to deposit it in the nearby wastebasket. She smiled at the clerk behind the desk. The clerk smiled back and nodded as she picked up the blinking phone on the desk.
The brothers were walking down the hallway when they heard shrieks punctuated by a loud implosion. They came out of the hallway and back onto the terrace to see Castiel smiting the last of a Cerberus squad that had cornered a small group of civilians, who were cowering under a biotic barrier. Three C-Sec officers, a turian and two asari, ran around the corner and trained their assault rifles on Castiel, who turned to look at them. “I’m on your side,” he said calmly. “Help those people there.” The barrier vanished, and the asari officers went to check on the civilians.
“And on that note,” Hazariel quipped, “We’re outta here. See you soon, Caddy.”
The door slid open after a couple of seconds, and a petite blonde woman in an Alliance dress uniform popped up and levelled a shotgun at the group for a second before putting it away. “Commander,” she said, walking forward to shake Shepard’s hand. “Thanks for answering our distress call--Admiral Anderson always spoke highly of you.”
“And I for you, Shepard. Perhaps we can keep up via the extranet.” Shepard smiled and went to speak to Dr. Chakwas and Dr. Michel at the far end of the lobby. Both doctors doubled over laughing at the second-hand tale of Dean giving himself a black eye with the Avenger rifle and falling off of the exam bed in the medbay.
Sam and Dean looked at each other for a moment, then back at the geth. “What my brother’s asking,” Sam said, “is “What does Cas look like under his meatsuit?””
Cas said he loved him and he said no. It wasn’t what he’d meant but it wasn’t the wrong answer either. He can’t give Cas what he wants. He just can’t.
Second obstacle: the spell is enormously complicated, consisting of extremely rare and volatile ingredients. It can only be done by someone massively powerful and experienced. And even then it will probably kill them.
“Prolonged eye-contact?
“We also adopted a puppy. She tries to eat everything that isn’t nailed down. Naturally, I wanted to name her Dean but we went with Judy instead. Judy the puppy.
“You can kick us out as many times as you want,” Dean says. “We’ll keep coming back. We have a Psychopomp.”
time while getting out of the Impala and Sam called him Pop-pop for two weeks.
“Take?” Dean repeats, alarmed by the panic in Sam’s voice. He twists out of his grasp.
be you. But I can’t.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “How do you guys know each other?”
didn’t even know what I was thinking. You know?” Dean laughs.
-Sam-
“I don’t see how that’s funny,” Cas says because he’s Cas.
“Sure, Sammy. It’s all good.”
“I’ll try not to be insulted by the question, dear, since I know you’re under a lot of stress. Viola, one made-to-order Psychopomp.”
“I know,” he signs back. “It’s not like I don’t know it’s about Cas. I just wish I could get him to talk about it.”
“But what if he’s not an angel?” Sam muses. What was it Jack said? “He defied everything an angel was created to be. Can he even be considered an angel in that case?”
“If I didn’t know any better I’d say you have a date.” Gabriel says walking closer to the disaster in the room.
Dean sort of wishes he didn't change but too late for regrets now.
Did I just post 3 chapters together? Yes yes I did :))
Castiel’s parents sit straight, attention focused on their plates and its contents. It’s always been like this. Quiet,perfunctionary and methodical. Gabriel eats like he would anywhere despite earning a few glares from his parents for his manners.
His eyes travel up until they land on the moon and he hopes that tomorrow holds more than today did.
“Well then we’ll make the most of it.”
She cocks an eye brow. “And that’s supposed to be enough?”
But he can't tell what happened on his hand either.
“Well the night ain’t over yet.” Dean reveals, because he doesn’t want it to end either. “Open your window.” He instructs doing the same and stretches his arm out, palm open. Feeling the wind brush through his fingers.
Charlie slumps in a seat nearby. She’s surrounded by people, mostly her juniors or freshmen out with their dates. People walk by her, laughing and enjoying the night. A group of friends walks by talking about the movie they just came out from watching.
He forces himself out of bed and scratches his back while going in the bathroom and letting the shower run till it’s his preferred temperature.
“Oh, sorry I asked kid.”
She turns to Castiel, “and what bout you?”
Charlie takes a deep breath and opens it.  Castiel is lying on his bed, phone settles beside his right ear by the pillow as he smiles at whatever he's told on the line. Although that same smile falls as soon as he sees Charlie. One of his hands grabs the phone and excuses himself before cutting the call.
It never should've.
“This is nice.” Castiel sighs out.
They drive off. The sun shinning high above upon them. At some point Castiel opens his window, tilting his head out and letting the wind mess his hair up. He feels free, like he could fly away with Dean if we wanted to. Somewhere where no one expected so much from just a couple of teenagers.
“I appreciate the sentiment Dean but I don’t think it’s worth the humiliation.”
"Well of course I wouldn't have said that if I wasn't." She smiles to assure him.
Fuck.
“Don’t do this for me Cas, do this for yourself.” Dean mumbles.
Cas liked Dean that much he had realised. Though just like always, the two beings on his shoulder would whisper their thoughts about it. Maybe Dean will be good and Cas will realise that not always the sweetest of starts have the bitterest of endings or maybe Dean will just end up proving him right.
Castiel is in the same state, lip locked with Dean. They both are practically gleaming, feeling proud of graduating together.
Gabriel just inhales his food, having already congratulating Castiel earlier.
Where did that thought come From?
“I was thinking about art school.”
- UNO
There it was, the lump in his throat making an appearance.
His conversation with Charlie makes him realise the finality of everything. No more Saturday brunches with Gabriel or hanging out with his best friend. No more time with Dean. This is it. This is all he’ll ever get.
Castiel realises a minute too late what he hissed at his best friend, his eyes go wide.
Mind bringing your pretty face to our spot?
"What? You're gonna say you were going to tell me, when? It's been what, four fucking months. What the hell Cas, I thought we were close. More than close, I was there for when you would fucking cry yourself to sleep because how bad you felt here.
That's one way you could phrase it.
They stop in front of two grey headstones, shadowed by a tree.
“It’s high school people talk
Lifting the blanket, Dean gets comfortable on the bed, facing Castiel who has got his back turned to Dean.
“Ew Gabe stop that.” He throws a pillow at him.” You’re disgusting, get out I need sleep.”
Dean eases back beside him bending one of his legs up on the car. He bodily twists himself to Castiel staring at him.
He found himself spending a lot of time looking down, wondering what it would feel like if he just leaped off the edge. Would it hurt? Would he feel anything?
“Go get em tiger.”
Dean’s quiet for a moment.” No offence Cas but they’re wrong. You should at least try before giving up.”
"Must've been nice."
When he opens them back he catches sight of a leather journal on the dash. It’s rough around the edges and the pages seem to  be bursting out of it. Although that’s not what intrigued him. It’s the snippet of colours on the said pages.
After the shower he walks back into his room, towel wrapped around his lower body and another he’s using to rub his hair.
Despite everything, Castiel found himself drawn towards the man. He couldn't help look at all the details Dean Winchester presented to him. A size too big leather jacket of his or some kind of amulet that dangled from his neck as he leaned forward to listen to the teacher.
He didn't deserve him.
- More popcorn
Dean had pulled over where the dark sky could be seen with the town beneath it with it street lights glowing like little pearls. It was beautiful. They sat their for a while talking and drawing close to each other slowly. Soon it wasn’t just talking, they shared kisses between. Castiel could feel the buzzing phone I’m his pocket but he couldn’t care less.
Better to focus on the conversation than his thoughts.
“His name's Dean, Winchester.” Castiel mumbles while taking a sip of his orange juice.
“Come on Cas, you can’t be still mad about that?”
I guess it’s just everything is happening so fast you know, I just feel like I’m loosing everyone and everything even before I’ve graduated.”
“You’re a child.” Castiel laughs. "You could've told me-"
“Yeah, okay just-just take care.” She speaks, her anger melting into nothing.
.” Dean repeats his earlier statement in a mocking tone.
Although he wasn't leaving Dean alone, right?. He was going to be with him always, following him, watching over him.
If Dean’s arm wasn’t numb and hurting he’d probably laugh. He whispers Castiel’s name and at that he gains some amount of sense because he hums back.
February rolled around in a blink and Castiel found himself wondering where did all the time go? His days more often then ever were blurred into one. It's been a month since he's been dating Dean yet it doesn't feel like a month at all.
Dean huffs out a sigh and gets to work of ridding Castiel of his  socks.After which he looses his garments too until he’s only in his shirt and boxers. He takes Castiel’s phone out of his jeans pocket, typing a text a to Gabriel about him staying over.
He’s going through the list again, making mental notes of where he would need to stop before hand and the things he can just get with Charlie later. That’s when his phone rings and of course it’s Dean.
Dean’s quiet for a moment,” okay.”
Castiel wakes up to a warm body pressing behind him and sunlight bleeding in from the window they forgot to curtain. He moans in discomfort from tacky sweat between him and Dean, pushing the huge weight off of him.
He feels happy that Dean came. Charlie will get over it. Eventually.
The keychain jingles as it’s inserted. Castiel looks up from where he’s seated on a chair beside the table. His sketchbook rests on it with a half done sketch. Songs blaring from his phone.
Dean made him love the stars and everything that seemed so irrelevant to him.
After some examining he speaks ,”the problem ain’t hard to spot, but I gotta tow her back to the garage.” He turns to look at Castiel , who’s standing beside him and smirks,” I could give you guys a ride.”
“What’s gotten in you? You’ve been humming like a lovesick puppy” Sam asks , his face scrunched up while glaring at the textbook in his lap. They’re in Bobby’s auto shop. Sam sits on one of the benches with his book in his lap.
“I got my acceptance letter for Stanford.” He mumbles like it’s nothing, more so like it bothers him.
“Enlighten me?”
"Come on Cas it's our senior year, it'll be fun." Charlie insisted with her puppy dog eyes.
Live a life without ever caring about finishing anything but here you are worrying about it.
Sam leaves waving Dean dismissively as he walks out.
"Hurry up Sammy or else we're gonna be late." He shouted, banging over the bathroom door, ignoring the sting in his knuckles.
They don't bleed much, they never do. Just tiny blood blotches and angry red streaks upon the cuts themselves but nothing ever too much. Maybe that's why he he finds it easy to hate himself more. Can't even cut deep enough to bleed.
Castiel doesn’t believe that.
Dean opens his mouth to comfort his little brother but stops. What do you even say?
Dean smiled at the sight. He seems to do that a lot around Castiel. He kisses Castiel’s soft raven black hair and keeps his face buried in the bed head for while with eyes closed, just breathing in the minty shampoo.
“Nah” Gabriel waves it off, relaxing back in the booth.” I just do that to annoy her. Jo’s just a friend.”
“Yeah that is the thingy that makes the car go vroom and that over there is what we feed water into cause this lil baby gets thirsty.”
He begrudgingly pads to the bathroom to take a shower. Heart a little heavy and shoulders a little droopy.
It's April and the click clack of the spoons colliding with the plates is louder in the silence of the residents of the Novak household. Their six people dining table, filled up to four.
He takes deep breaths , or at least tries to. His blurry vision falls on the bracelet around his right wrist and something changes in his demeanour. His body starts to go lax and his vision consumed by darkness but there’s a slight smile barely noticeable on the man’s face. In that moment, behind his closed lids those emerald green eyes play through all those moments with his lover.
Everyone starts to cheer and it’s all family friendly. Soon one of the other waitress hauls up a little girl who wants to dance. The cheers increase , watching the little girl jam to the music.
“ I didn’t know I needed a reason to meet you.”
He grabs and opens it.
“Well I was bored so I went to this park nearby and got inspiration for drawing but I didn’t have my journal with me so I came back and started working on it. That is,until you came back.”
Castiel sheepishly made his way closer avoiding direct eye contact with his brother. Gabriel moves aside to let him enter. The lounge is still. Even the lights are off.  Most importantly his mom isn’t sitting fuming or asking about his whereabouts or scolding him. He breathes a sigh of relief at that.
Nor do the scars that appeared upon his soul fade away just because.
The party. The party in which Dean kissed him. Now that’s a nice memory. “ No Charlie, I’ll be there.”
A prided vehicle with too many good times. Memories with his lover still linger in it. So does the faint feeling of him against his now weak hands.
“Well you looked pretty interested to me.”
It feels like Heaven to finally lay down on something that isn't leather. His limbs ache and he's too exhausted to even take off his shoes.
Castiel picks up the list, scanning all the things on it.
"Why don't you bring Dean inside so we can be properly introduced?"
Dean was changing. Burning less brighter now. At first he didn't get it. What could possibly make a star loose it's shine. Then it clicked. It was him. Somewhere along the way of sharing his pain with Dean he had burdened him with it.
“Sorry?”
They sit in companionable silence for a few minutes before Dorothy speaks again. “Charlie, even after whatever happened between us, I still consider us friends. Of sorts.” Charlie cracks a barely there smile at that.” What’s bothering you? I’ve barely seen you at school and you didn’t even come to the last LARPing.”
"Ew Dean, can we just leave before I'm late?"
“Yeah?” He asks as soon as he picks up.
“Well you might’ve, if I was actually interested in her.”
“Dean! You’re gonna get us kicked out.”
She beams at those words before getting in her car.
Another one
“Okay.”
He had given him a funny look," Why, you going somewhere Cas?"
Maybe this how flying feels.
“I wouldn’t call that a
Castiel sits, slumped while flipping his salad back and forth.
He forces Dean to come inside with him who is as confused as him and overall afraid. He tries bargaining with Castiel that he’s not prepared or even dressed properly despite just coming from a graduation. Though it takes a look of Castiel's puppy dog eyes and he's following him, grumbling underneath his breath about how it's not fair.
Dean half carries half walks Castiel to his bedroom. When Castiel’s body meets the bed he snatches the sheets and curls away.
Castiel stands there in his room looking where Charlie just ran out.
"I've never asked much from you mother and right now all I'm asking is to go on a road trip with Dean."
Dean hugs Castiel a bit tighter, shutting his eyes tightly. They unknowingly start swaying in the same place. Castiel stands there and breathes in Dean’s scent.
“The kiss, Cas.” She clarifies.
The bell rings acknowledging the start of their day and the two friends start walking together.
“It is.” Dean concludes, still staring at him.
“Well spring breaks coming up, we could go on one, you, me and Sam."
It was weeks later that he understood what it was. He didn't want to leave Dean.
As soon as Castiel gets in Dean snatches the phone from his hands.
It doesn't sit right with him, this new side of his mom but he'll have what he can take. At least for today.
There's a stray tear escaping his eye and a soft smile on his lips.
“Dean!” Somewhere along his word vomit Castiel had come closer to him, placing his hands over his shoulder. His blue hues hold Dean’s green ones. “It’s okay.”
They both share a knowing look before she turns to him,” Oh Castiel, you don’t know what you walked in to.”
“Yes.”
They cuddled almost the whole night away having also slept through most of it.
“I don’t think that’s comfortable for your neck.” Sam speaks in a hushed tone.
Gabriel swings the door open and exclaims,” Get up sleepy head it's breakfast Saturday.”
She sighs, rubbing her temple and pulls the phone away to check the time.  The numbers 7:56pm glow brightly.
“I missed you.” Dean breathes against his lips.
Becky doesn’t comply at first but after a few minutes she pulls back.” It’s good to see you Sam.”
In some sense it is freeing. To not be a slave of your own emotions.
“What is there to think? I thought you decided that art doesn’t get you anywhere."
“Still no luck with your artists block?”Charlie asked as she took a bit from her apple.  They were in the school cafeteria, bustling with students talking to their friends. Charlie and Castiel sat in a corner with his journal open on the empty page. “I’m sure inspiration will strike your little brain soon.”
After that, they just sit and talk. Dean tells Castiel about Sam and his dreams to become a lawyer. Dean beams brightly talking about his brother. Castiel listens, takes in every word being spoken to him and when it’s his turn to spill, he tells Dean about his plans for majoring in art, where he wants to go.
"Oh now he cares."
Hey guys I know I sort of went dead silent for a while even though I promised y'all that this story won't be abandoned and it isn't I just had a lot going on emotionally hence I was to exhausted to edit the chapters. Though here I am wth another one.
Castiel sighs, knowing he won't win an argument with Dean like this. “Will  it help if I say I’ll think about it?” He asks, bending down to peck a kiss on Dean’s lips.
Dean smiles at her, “Just get my regular.”
“Says who?”
“Castiel Novak would you do the honours of being my valentine?”
“I don’t think so.” Dean hands the journal to Castiel.” You shouldn’t give up before even trying.” He emphasises again.
“Dean what will happen to us in the Summer?” He found himself asking Dean one night on of their late night calls.
“Uh just a cheeseburger.
“Good.” Dean goes in for a second kiss.
“I feel like I’m missing a big chunk of backstory.” Castiel says, eyeing Sam who takes out his phone and starts typing away.
“Dean you gotta be more careful”
Enjoy!
They’re at a place called the ‘Roadhouse’, a place Gabriel recently took a liking too. The place looks more like a bar than a burger joint but overall it isn’t too shabby nor is it obnoxiously bright coloured like the previous new joint Gabriel took him too. It’s simple,decent and not too crowded.
The answer seemed to make Dean laugh, " Out of all the places in the world you choose the stars, why?"
Dean Winchester, Castiel found out by third period, was his name. He came late to the class and when he did all eyes were on him. Even the girls who would sit behind him and gossip in hushed voices stopped.
Dean under the hood of the old Baleno, hands deep inside the car. “Those are some big accusations coming from a lil guy like you.”
He really was.
Dean’s on him the second he enters. The door hasn’t even fully closed when Dean crowds him in the wall beside it, kissing him like crazy.
He doesn't know how long he sat there, crying before Dean came and embraced him in a hug.
“I don’t know, we’ve barely hung out since the party?”
“firstly cause You hate history and secondly cause it’s lunch now.”
The brothers exit the car, not speaking because they both knew the other was on the verge of breaking.
“What question?” He furrows his brows, attempting a confused look but a smile soon follows it.
Dean pulls back enough to look at Castiel’s face. It’s beautiful. Not just in the ways of societal beauty but in a way that’s just Castiel. His ocean eyes, soft and confused. His lips slightly parted unknowingly between the peach fuzz that encompasses most of his face. Castiel stares at Dean with adoration and trust. Dean stares at him like he’s his everything.
“Yeah well I still don’t understand her problem I’m eighteen now.” Castiel mumbles.
“I prefer the word wild.”
He isn’t far from school when a familiar car slows down beside him.
"That's not true art-"
There's too much emotions swirling inside his heart right now. Love, adoration, care but fear too. It scares him how much he's willing to do for Cas. He could ask him to fight the world for and he would.
- Sketch book(wanna see all the art that’s keeping you busy)
“You just promised to agree to whatever I asked and I’m asking you out.” He says smugly.
Castiel sighs, coming to a decision and starts walking.
“What about your studies?”
“Becky Rosen Tyler would you leave the poor boy alone.” An old lady says from behind the counter, wiping her hands with a towel.
Castiel releases his breath and leans forward to softly peck Dean who eagerly accepts it. “Thank you.” He mumbles against his lips.
"The stars. That's where I'd be."
“Holy shit it did happen, didn’t it?”
Dean opens and closes his mouth, trying come up with an explanation of why he had   Castiel’s journal in his lap.
Of course Dean can’t leave it at that.
Sam walks out of the graveyard a little too quickly and in the car. Dean doesn’t go after him. Instead he looks at the stones in front of him and walks to them.
“I don’t think that would be problem.”
“Well then why can’t she know?”
He shifted himself away from the bright light only for the alarm on his phone to go off. Castiel glared at his phone for a moment and then lazily dragged his hand to dismiss the alarm. He laid like that for a moment wishing he could just stay in here without anybody noticing. Just stay caved inside the blanket where nobody would expect so much from him or at the very least won't bother him.
Dean stops the car in front of Castiels house. He contemplates calling him but he realises doesn’t have his number. He’s about to horn but before he can. Castiel walks out in a blue denim jacket, sleeves messily rolled up, his hair a perfect example of bed head.
“And let him have the satisfaction of me needing him? No thank you”  Gabriel stretches the last word with his usual cheeriness. “Besides this piece of junk has too many good memories buddy.” He says patting the dashboard.
Gabriel steps back silently giving him the ‘go ahead’. Dean quickly steps in the vacated space.
He doesn't want to. Not because Castiels a dude or anything but he cares for that one too much. He likes him and he doesn't want a stupid dare fucking up his chances of getting him.
Silence.
“You staying for the special?” Jo asks, collecting their empty plates.
Maybe it won't be so bad after all.
That’s why the cuts are so wild. It seems as if his hand has a mind of his own as soon as the blunt blade touches his skin, creating art upon his body.
“I mean this is it. No more LARPing or game nights.” She realises.” Hell this is gonna be our last single’s valentine together.” She hesitates before continuing,” we’re still on for that right?”
Dean jumps. “Jesus.” He takes a deep breath “Don’t do that.”
It wasn't until it was too late that he realised what had happened. How is emotions had once again made him a slave of their's.
"And? Castiel, we've been over this, Arts has no value."
Dean chugs the rest of his beer down, mumbles,”Fuck this game.” And gets up. He strides towards Castiel with his chin up and chest out.
U LUK AMAZIN
“Okay Sammy, call me if you need anything.”
And don't they always do.
He shakes his head and burrows his head deeper in Dean’s neck. At that Dean does crack a smile. Although Castiel does lean forward for Dean to dislodge his hand.
Castiel looks between them, confused,” what special?”
He knows he fucked up if Gabriel is pissed.
It’s late, way after is usual curfew but Castiel doesn’t seem to care about that right now. All he wants is for the night to not end. Of course he doesn’t voice his thoughts.
He'd finally be a star. Like him.
The window rolls down and there sits Dean Winchester in the drivers seat. Castiel shifts himself away from the window. He's not in the mood for any social interaction nor does he have the energy for it.
“No, I mean even after you’re gone for college, stay with me. We’ll work something out. I’ll come visit you and maybe after Sam leaves for college I’ll move there get a job. We’ll have one of those little cozy apartments or maybe those studio ones, whatever you like. “
Castiel huffs out a small laugh at that, leaning against the side of the hood. “Thank you Dean but those aren’t good enough for a scholarship.”
With that he leaves the living room heading upstairs.
All the waitress in their hats and black shirts jump up on the counter in unison. They start to dance. It isn’t anything mature or dirty, it’s just them dancing to the rhythm of the song.
“You still haven’t told me what happened.”
Castiel stops and slumps down. “Don’t you think a I know that?”
“I’ve met someone. He’s, he’s great. Amazing actually. His name’s Castiel. I wanted to bring him today but I just didn’t want to make it weird for Sam. Cas understands though. Always has. You would’ve loved him.” He’s quiet for a Moment, swallowing past the lump in his throat. “I know I do.”
He pictured Dean, smiling, laughing and it was complete. That's how his story ends.
“So how is he?”Charlie asks in an attempt to change the topic. “You know, the new dude.”
room. Who is standing there, scowling with his arms folded over his chest, at all the clothes spread on his bed.
That is until the teacher acknowledged his presence and he found himself averting his eyes to the textbook on his desk, what's gotten into him?
A different waitress  serves them their food, cutting their conversation short.
“Yeah well, just checking.”
Castiel bodily laughs till his insides hurt at Sam. Dean joins in too when he catches a flash of it in the rear view mirror.
“Because this is life Dean, nothing is ever enough.” She’s quiet for moment, taking extra care of folding foil around the pie,” I'd rather not see my son lagging in life because of you.”
Do they?
“Of course.” Castiel exits with a smile that doesn’t fade for the rest of the day.
It seemed like that the universe wanted him to say it out loud, make it real.
"Dean if I ever go away, look at the stars." Cas had told Dean, surprisingly without his voice wavering.
The clock above his bedroom door read 1:30 a.m and upon cue a yawn creeped its way out of him. He scrubbed his face, raking his hand into his hair to settle them away from his forehead. Maybe he'll have better luck tomorrow.
She remains silent for a moment.
Nothing stopped him from going away now.
Castiel has to slightly look up at Dean but he does He does in a way that shows worry clear in his voice.” Shouldn’t I be asking that?”
“We missed you too.” Sam mumbles.
The house just like he left it in the morning.
“What about your parents?”
At some point he succumbs to slumber too because Dean’s being shook awake by Sam. He rubs the sleep out of his eyes and notices the t.v turned off and the table  clear of their earlier wrappers of snacks.
Hey guys, first off holy shit this story got 200 hits. Thank you so much for reading this story and giving this new writer a chance :)
It was often easy, to some extent, mute the shouting and screaming around him. The fights mom and Anna would have were better to ignore too. You just ask them to stop then somehow it's taking sides. You tell them they both are wrong then apparently it's still taking sides.
His arms goes numb from being in the same position for too long but he doesn’t care. He just sits there basking in the moment.
She sighs," Castiel I know I've always been hard on you when it comes to studies and your future but that doesn't mean I'm no less happy." She walks over to him," In just a couple of months you'll be gone to Stanford just like how we've always planned it and so happy you trusted us with your future."
”You know, you could always use dad’s car instead of this piece of junk.”
Broke up with Dean or tried to at least.
“Oh well, thank you.”
Lately it seems to be a recurring thing.
Okay one thing i forgot to mention in my story is that this story starts after Christmas break so my bad for not mentioning it earlier in a chapter.
"Oh come on Cas, it's senior year and nothing interesting or fun hasn't happened yet, by the looks of it this guy might change the game.
“No it’s just, you haven’t been around since-“
The awkward tension breaks to some extent but doesn’t completely vanish. She invites them inside, eyeing Castiel warily.
“Dean just because I don’t own one myself doesn’t mean I don’t know how to drive it.” Castiel settles in the seat, strapping the seat belt in.
Though, he was extremely dreamy.
Charlie steps back, her eyes full of unshed tears.” We’re done.” Her voice wavering,” You can keep everything to yourself now." Castiel watches a single tear slide down her face before she bolts out, slamming the door
The boys object against his change of decision but Crowley speaks up, “ Alright then," He pauses probably thinking the worst dare he could give him.
Castiel turns to her confusion clear on his face,”Why wouldn’t we be?”
He didn't decide anything.
Then he met Dean Winchester who was a star among the rocks floating about in space. A bright one too.
“Did you better, called a mechanic who'll look into your car and tow it back. A friend of mine actually, he'll be here soon.” When Castiel tilts his head in confusion She explains.”Could see you two trying to get that piece of junk to work for a while.”
Castiel’s hand find themselves in Dean’s brown hair grasping them gently. They break apart after a while but remain where they are, resting their heads together and breathing the same air.
"Dude have you heard?" Charlie, his best friend asks, oblivious to the voices in Castiel's head. Her red curls jiggling as she bounces from her heels to her toes.
They leave to have breakfast at greasy burger place which Dean highly speaks of, though Sam does point out his brother’s exaggeration it doesn’t change the expectations Castiel has set for it.
They get in the car, castiel relaxing back in the seat with a deep safisfied sigh while Dean drives.
Something relaxes in Castiel, hearing those words. “How are you so calm about everything Dean?”
It’s soft and sensual. Expressing all that their hearts desire and more, so much more.
Charlie takes a deep breath,” Ever since Christmas I promised myself that I’d do everything at least once in these last few months. Parties, LARPing, sneaking out,” she glances at Dorothy with a smile at that,” and whatever every senior does. I just, I just feel like- I just miss the old me.
That hits a nerve. Dean knows too well what it’s like to be raised to serve an agenda. How hard it is to shake that feeling of worthlessness. That’s probably why he and Cas got so close so fast. They both—
“You guys should catch up. Why don’t you join us?” Sam offers.
“It’s not that big of a deal, Cas. I was experimenting. I tried a lot of things on for size. That one didn’t fit.”
“No, no, Cas—“ Dean waves him off. “Rhetorical.” Dean takes a swig of his beer to get his breath back. “He knew what I meant and he went slow and kind of guided me like this.” Dean grabs a handful of his hair. “I got the hang of it. Fast learner, me.” He’s blushing again. He can’t believe he’s telling this to him. To anyone. Maybe because he’s a little drunk or maybe because it’s Cas or maybe just because he’s spent too long not telling it, he barrels on ahead. “Uh, so we keep going. He flips me over which made me kind of nervous because I really didn’t think I would go there the first time and also he’d just finished so how was he going to be able to anyway? But he actually starts uh… using his tongue.” He’d also told Dean he had a pretty ass, tight and sweet. But there are some things too intimate to divulge even to Cas.
“What?” Dean glances at the mirror to the backseat. Jack is asleep against the window but Cas is staring intently at him. Par for the course.
“I know what you mean. I had a long adjustment period after I stopped. Working regular hours, sleeping at least seven hours a night, it felt so alien. Now I couldn’t go back to that life if I tried. Wouldn’t want to either. I am as settled as they come.” He fiddles with his wedding band. “Ten years this March.”
“That means a lot. I’m going to tell him right now.”
“That’s good to hear. You’re still hunting?”
“I was made to be a servant of God’s will. Neither of us is what we were made to be. Do you
“Sorry to wake you.” He presses a kiss to her cheek.
“Alright, I should go. We’re all meeting at a new diner Dean has been raving about. He swears they have vegetarian options but I am almost certain those options will turn out to be onion rings or chili fries. He hasn’t changed that much.”
“What I d—ambulance?” he repeats. “You think I’m trying to off myself?”
“Hm?” His thoughts were anywhere but the Impala.
“No biggie.” She smiles. “Did it work? Did he open up?” She had stayed behind to give them some one on one time.
They sit in silence for a few minutes.
“That does sound like Cas.”
, that was the only time. I got it out of my system. The end.”
“Okay.” Dean nods a few times because he’s not sure he said it out loud. Cas crosses the distance and takes his cheeks in his hands.
“I guess so. Probably. It’s my first day, guys.” He shrugs.
“Because he’s sensitive and you’re not an asshole.”
“You’re a…” Dean doesn’t finish the sentence. “Wait, you
“Shouted ‘Come near my kid again and I’ll end you.’ And drove us away. The next morning he says, ’Son, I thought you had more self-respect than that.’ Never brought it up again.” Dean lets out a weary breath.
“No, he didn’t. There was nothing to hide from. It was just a dumb one-night-stand.”
“Shit.” Sam whistles.
“And? You keep—“
“We had a ‘profound bond’ sure. We saved the world together. Were we family? Hell yes. I knew all that. I didn’t know… I couldn’t see it. Twelve years. He’s standing there the whole time, loving me. And I couldn’t see it.”
“Well, yes. You got me. But I had motive to make that deal. He was the one to wake me up. Haven’t been able to sleep since. I
“Isn’t it?” Sam agrees.
“You’re a jerk.”
“The relationships sub-board?” Sam raises an eyebrow.
Cas takes a seat across from Dean, one hand pressed to his mouth. “Sam is in love with me,” he says to himself.
Sam nods. “Dean, I think Cas is great. More than great. As far as I’m concerned he’s already family.” Sam holds eye contact with Dean, seemingly trying to make his point.
“You keep not finishing your sentences. It’s irritating,” Cas mutters. Dean sighs. He should know better than to expect Castiel to infer anything by now.
“Red flag! You don’t need someone who plays games. Are you sure he’s even someone you want to be with if he acts like that?”
Sam waits to see how Dean will react to that. He just nods. As far as Sam knows, Dean hasn’t told anyone else how he feels about Cas. Not that he actually put it in words to Sam. Didn’t have to.
“I’m texting Eileen that she can go home. I promised I’d let her know when I found you. She’s waiting at a gas station about five miles back. In case I needed…”
He lowers himself to his knees, ignoring his popping joints. He should start using that yoga book Sam got him.
are asking for
“C’mon Dean, you had to know you meant more to him than that?”
“Please Dean, let me help. It’s not too late, I’ll call an ambulance but they’ll need to know what you did.”
“Dean, what happened?” Sam asks again.
“Metatron.
Dean holds up his hands. “I’m sorry. Sam, I’m sorry.”
“Uh. It’s where I met Cas. Well, not exactly but I can’t just drive into Hell.”
“C’mon Sam, it all adds up. Sheltered guy from a large religious family? Only friends are two brothers he’s known for over a decade? Can’t pick up unspoken cues?”
“Dean?” It’s Sam.
“Why were you so flustered when he first showed up?” Sam presses.
Cas opens his mouth to say something but nothing comes out. He tilts his head to the side. He’s obviously in shock. Probably thinks he’s dreaming. Not that Angels dream
Cas shrugs. “You had been crying. There was snot.”
“Okay. Cool. I’ll leave you to it.” He gets up to go.
“You’re mortals. I’ll outlast you.”
“That could be promising,” a commenter writes.
“Seriously?” Sam looks at him, both brows raised.
“Anyway, we finished the hunt and Dad went to call Bobby and I was alone with Jeremiah. We said goodbye, maybe we’d see each other again sometime. I started walking away and he grabbed my arm. He had these big hands and a real firm grip and I spun around and I just kissed him. Right behind the motel where anyone coulda seen. When we pulled away he slipped something into my hand. His room key.
“Sorry about the rough landing,” Kevin says. “It was probably because of the extra weight.”
And he’d been so sure that
“Shut up, Sam.”
“He’s done so much good for this world. Can’t you make this one exception?”
“Sure. Whatever you need, Sammy.” He sits back down.
“Gad—“
Dean shrugs. “There, that’s the story of the only time I hooked up with a guy.”
Dean falls silent. He drops his head to his hands. After everything, gathering the ingredients for the spell, convincing the queen of Hell to build them a Psychopomp, out-arguing the Empty, this is how it ends?
Jack shakes his head. “Good people die all the time. Their loved ones pray to me to bring them back. Their pain is as real as Dean’s. Denying them is not easy. It would never be just one exception. It’s how things have to be. I have to let people die. Which means I have to let my friends die.”
“Shit.” He said no. Like an asshole. “What the fuck is wrong with you, Winchester?” Too much to list.
Sam heads out to behind the bunker and takes a knee on a patch of grass.
Dean shakes his head. “What he said. About me. About him. He loved me.
“Jack? Hey, buddy, I know you said you wouldn’t be popping by for a chat but I really could use some help.
“How’s that working out for you?” Sam asks. “I heard he’s at peace.”
“I…” Dean doesn’t know what else to say. He’s just staring at Cas in silence. Again.
“You admit you wrote it?”
“I’ve lost track of how many times you’ve saved me. Healed me. Fixed me. But there are some things even you can’t fix. I’m just… I’m broken, Cas.”
“Read this.” Dean hands over his phone.
“I’m sorry.” He fumbles out of the car.
“Cas?” Dean whispers. Cas’s head snaps up, looking like a trapped animal.
Cas shakes his head, smiling slightly. “That runs contrary to everything I know about you.”
Sam shakes his head. “I’ll tell her the truth. I owe her that much. Eileen is amazing but she’s no Cas.”
“Look, it was the middle of the night, I couldn’t sleep, the wedding was happening anyway. I might’a watched it. And it was beautiful. Anyway, that’s not the point. The point is you’ve got to let him down easy.”
“I don’t know. Dad wasn’t that opened minded. I thought you’d probably feel the same way.” Sam shrugs.
“It’s okay,” Sam soothes, using the same tone Dean used to calm him when he was little and having nightmares.
“That’s when it finally sunk in.”
it's better than you sulking on a Saturday."
He smiles at Dean before getting out.
Dean stares at him until Castiel turns and looks at him too, his eyes soft. Dean crumpled under the intensely soft glare.
Castiel never understood the point of love. Not for a long time because all he had to go by were the shitty experiences his parents had or the toxic relationship Anna, his sister was in. It made Castiel come to his own conclusion.
Castiel laughs a sweet laugh at the scene. Dean watches him. The laugh captures the attention of Jo who climbs off the table and towards Castiel. Castiel realises even before it happens. Jo ignores his continuous dissents and pulls him into the cheerful crowd.
"Cas there isn't anywhere in this world I'm not willing to follow you."  Dean looked so proud telling that.
He walks with a subtle skip in his step, excitement thrumming beneath his skin. He gets in and settled. “Let’s go.”
Dean gets out of the car for Castiel to occupy the vacated space. “ You sure you know how to drive?”
Charlie sits at bench in a park a block away from her house.  There are children playing, laughing and just enjoying life. Her lips curl up in a smile when she sees a little boy with raven hair helping another girl his age after she fell down.
“Well that wouldn’t have been fun now would it?”
Cas wanted to believe that. He really did.
Dean parks outside Castiel’s house. Castiel takes a deep breath but Dean distracts him with peck on his cheek.
“Uh yes ma’am?”
“Someone has to be.”
- DON’T BE LATE THAN 7
“So you did?”
"Are you sure?"
The sound of their shoe souls against the crisp of the grass seemed louder.
"We had this nightly ritual of going to this tiny shake place near our home whenever dad would come from work." The memory was one of Cas' favourites despite only having a handful of good ones. " Mom would always worry about dad being tired but dad would always say something along the lines of how spending time with his family was how he relaxed."
He would often find himself on Dean's rooftop making out, or just talking, looking at the stars.
He coughs, hoping to loose the lump in his throat. “Hey mom, dad. I’m sorry we didn’t come to visit for a while. You probably know but Bobby thought it better for us to get out of this place. Something bout being close to everyone else.” He pauses to take a deep breath.” Sam’s good though, he actually fit right in. Made a couple of great friends there. “ Dean smiles, until his eyes zone back in to where he’s standing.
Castiel huffs out a tiny laugh past his glistening lips. “Dean we literally met here after lunch.”
They stand there tenderly making out for a long while. Until the faint sound of the bell ringing forces them apart. Till both of them are  light headed and their appearance a mess.
“You never liked Dean.”
“So, um you came for a reason?”
“Didn’t expect to see you here.” Someone spoke from behind Charlie, they walked into view and Charlie catches Dorothy's eyes. Her hair are tied in a pony tail, her hands in the pockets of her jeans.
Say You Won't Let Go: https://youtu.be/0yW7w8F2TVA
Sam rings the bell and they all stand waiting for the door to be opened. Although when it does open they’re all greeted with a black women with coily hair. She’s in a purple cardigan and jeans.
“So what’s it gonna be squirrel?” Crowley asks with a sly smile.
“Hey, Could possibly call a tow truck for us?"
Charlie.
"Alright."
“So I see you found my journal.”
He felt fluttery as excitement coursing through his body. His first trip with Cas, away from all the worries that burdened him in Dakota. He wants to make Cas smile. Always.
“You should’ve taken dad’s car.”  Castiel states, watching his brother fail to get the car going for the last 15 minutes.
They skip past Castiel’s street, who doesn’t even notice, too high on blissful content.
“What do you mean?”
Gabriel sat in the passenger seat while Castiel cowered in the backseat looking out the window. Clearly not knowing how to handle this.  Although he’s saved by any direct conversation with Dean by Gabriel who continues to ask him question after question.
Castiel keeps walking.
Sam shifts and eyes the menu as if it holds the secrets of the world.
A contagious sickness, spreading to whomever he had ever loved.
He had hugged Cas and spoke soft affirmations of how he wasn't bad or how none of this wasn't his fault.
Castiel  sits there with a smile playing on his lips.” Thank you, for tonight.” He softly speaks, still looking at him.
Cas rolled out of bed, as Dean shuffled in his sleep, towards the window, cracking it open as he sat on with his legs tucked under his chin.
He wasn't surprised at her response but he wasn't giving up on this so easily.
The stars seemed to shine so brightly that night. Oh how he wished he could reach out and touch them, be them.
“Will you be here for the summer?” Dean’s voice is soft but worry still seeps through it. It’s quite comforting in a sense, to know Castiel’s not alone in feeling afraid for their future.
"You know you gotta relax more. It's Thursday right now, you've got a whole weekend for that." Dean shifts the gears and they're moving forward.
“Look outside.”
That night when they retire to the now familiar motel bed, laying in each other’s embrace, thermostat turned to its coldest temperature just breathing in each other’s scent Castiel asks Dean of something.
“Is it true?” Charlie interrogates slamming Castiel’s locker. He's starting to pity his locker for the all the banging it suffers.
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Dean says with a hint of mischief in his voice.
Castiel considers his words for a second.” Okay. I’ll think about it. I promise.”
Castiel smiles. One of those smiles that make his eyes crinkle at the corners and his teeth fully visible. “When did you turn into such a sap?”
" I-I don't understand Cas everything's good so why are you doing this?" Dean had pleaded and it pained him. It pained him so much and he couldn't stop his outburst from coming.
“So now that you gays are practically adults, what’s next?” Gabriel asks, picking his loaded fries one by one, careful of not getting cheese on his fingers.
Pain, so much pain. It poured out of him now. He was no dam being cracked or breaking. He was a cup, one that was over flowing now, so much so that it was spilling off the table now and there was no hope of it ever stopping.
7 months earlier..
Sam thumps his head on the table,”Remind me again why I agreed to this?”
Castiel clicks his pen, jotting down notes from what’s being explained by his teacher. He’s sitting in his usual corner spot. Behind him he can hear shuffling of paper being passed between two friends. One of the friend’s gasp at whatever scandal her friend just exposed to her. Castiel sighs, struggling to focus on what was being told.
He doesn't know where to begin. He's never felt so alive, so happy and so just full of life. It's more like he's drowning, drowning in voices and there's nothing to grab on to.
It wasn't an apology but for one God damn day he just doesn't wanna fight with her so he'll take what he can get.
“You won’t get it.”
“You look a bit young to be a mechanic.” Gabriel observes, looking Dean up and down.
“Well congratulations dear, we knew you’d get in.” His mother says not even looking up from her plate.
He stands there even as Dean drives away. Smiling, he takes a deep breath, wondering what Dean Winchester’s got in store for him
“Oh yeah definitely that, she even proposed to Sam. No boyfriend, no friends straight to marriage, but Sam here is an heart breaker.”
Of course that had not lasted. He had to pick up and when he did he fake coughed his way through the call.
“I’ll be quick.”
Castiel turns to face the rustling leaves and the cold night outside. He smiles.
Dean checks his wrist watch for the umpteenth time as stood outside the bathroom waiting for his brother. If Sam didn't come out any time soon they were gonna be late.
“There isn’t.”
He doesn't feel like dressing up and ends up wearing his most worn out black jeans with his favourite old graphic sweatshirt. Castiel doesn’t even bother brushing his hair to a proper style.
Well this is a first.
Why is everything he own so... casual?
“So?”
Charlie nods with the same smile on her lips and slowly walks up the carpeted stairs. By now Mrs. Novak has left to continue whatever chore she had left to answer the door.
“I’m gonna move for my university. Stanford"
Though that doesn't mean he didn't have hope for finding love himself. That's the worst thing about hope, you can't ever loose it. There's always some of it in you, showing itself when things go a little too good in life but with that so does doubt creep in. Doubt of it actually being true.
“Nah it’s okay, it’s been a long time since.”
Charlie had already dispersed in the throng of sweaty bodies. Castiel gave up on trying to find her. He was making his way out of the room when one of the jocks  bumped into him, spilling his drink onto him.  The guy didn’t even bother apologising.
“Of course you do. Especially after the night you must’ve had.” He waggles his brow suggestively but leaves after Castiel threatens to throw another pillow.
“What?Do I have something on my face?”
Dean turns to Gabriel and then to the car.
They both turn to lol where he’s entering from. He looks from his mom to Dean. “Everything alright?”
In the lounge sits Dean with all the other jocks he's warmed up to. One of the girl’s sitting in Benny’s lap suggested truth or dare to relive past years or some shit so that’s how they end up taking turns spinning the bottle and asking questions or daring one another.
Enjoy this long ass chapter :))
“Oh I come here to walk, you know, helps clear the head.” Dorothy speaks while taking the spot beside Charlie.
So he closed his eyes and jumped. For a moment it felt like flying, freeing.
“You’re annoying.” Sam huffs, places his books back in his bag and hops of the wooden bench.” I’m gonna go to Kevin’s.”
Dean frowns,” Love can’t be reasoned with. It’s just is.”
He made his way to the bathroom and shut himself in it, trying to rub out the alcohol off his shirt as much as he could.
His body language is different. Droopy. “So uh, me and Sam were thinking to you know go visit mom and dad.” He scratches his brow,  meeting Castiels eyes.
Castiel doesn’t know how to respond so he just gives her a tight smile with a “I won't.”
“So, did you and Dean do the deed or you know.” He does the blowjob motion with his hands.
Doubt seemed to be winning a lot of battles recently. It surrounded Cas, towered over him and making him feel more powerless. As if he wasn't weak already.
Secondly this chapter is gonna be messy one and you guys will understand some aspects of Cas' mindset.
Our last Single's Valentine.
Definitely the better option.
Dorothy's look softens at that. “I know, but don’t think like you’re loosing anybody. I’m still here, Castiel-“
Dean hugs the lax warm weight close to him, his attention no longer on the movie but at Castiel. He cranes his neck to look at him. Castiel’s mouth is slightly open and his brows no longer furrowed. He almost looks like a baby.
Okay so the scene in the roadhouse is inspired by the scene in one tree hill.iykyk
“Okay, look I’m sorry. I didn’t know it would piss you off this much.” Dean sighs.” I just, we’ve been dating for almost  four months now and you still haven’t told Charlie. I mean she’s your best friend. I can't even come sit with you during lunch when she's around."
They would more often than ever just reminisce about their childhood. The good parts at least. It was funny yet weird to realise that not everyone has this perfect childhood like he had always assumed.
Because you remind me of them and he is not even close enough to compare to the brightness Dean shines upon the world by just his mere existence.
Okay what now?
“Come on lets get out of here.”
“Did you actually beat two guys to the hospital?”  Castiel mumbles.
The question is so sudden that Dean ends up meeting her eyes. He wants to mock her, scoff at her for evening questioning that.
“Well people change baby bro.” He concludes while shrugging his shoulders.
There's nothing soft about it. It's rushed. Even if it's mostly Dean kissing the life out of him.
Their helping clean the table and Castiel somehow ends up drying the dishes beside Missouri while she washes them.
“Oh! You boys. Warn a women before arriving at her doorstep.” She pulls the brothers together in a hug. Castiel shifts on his feet, feeling out of place.
"Well I changed my ins since you took ages in the bathroom." He said, shrugging on his leather jacket. "What took you so long anyway?" He considers his words," Never mind don't answer that."
“I knew I sensed some tension between you two.” Jo gives both of them a knowing look. “ Anyways what can I get ya?”
Dean takes a swig from the bottle in his hand, “Nah fuck this, I choose Dare.”
Castiel takes a deep breath and looks down on his thigh, gashes on it with no certain method. Some go deep while the others are just tiny long cuts.
Castiel’s silent. His eyes travel from the freshly baked steaming pie on the counter to his mother’s face.
“You could’ve just told me what it was.”
She smiles. It’s a warm one too because if he’d seen that before he knows his heart wouldn’t melt so easily. “Well I’m glad you stopped by. She walks back into the kitchen,” I made pie.”
“What about you two?” Gabriel waggles a finger between him and the empty space beside him.
"Absolutely not Castiel." Mother had said when he told her about going on a road trip with Dean.
He seemed like the typical jock who would have all the girls turning to take another look at him. Who would probably use it to his advantage and have another girl every other day hanging on his side. Who could get whatever he wanted if he had his way.
“How was your day?” Dean murmurs softly for Castiel’s ears only. Even though there’s no one else here.
“Truth.” He answers with a roll of his eyes.
Later when they stop at truck stop, they each get slushes for themselves which they do end up regretting, considering how coloured their teeth are left after drinking it.
“Oh no,“ Castiel waves Dean off,” it’s just this thing Charlie and I did, singles valentine. We’d watch movies and stuff nothing better than this though.”
“How this place packed full on a Monday night?” Castiel wonders out loud, looking around.
There's a soft look on Dean's face and Cas doesn't know how he feels about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Behind Dean, Charlie and Dorothy laugh while taking goofy pictures. Charlie bodily laughs when Dorothy makes a funny face with crossed eyes.
She pauses her movement to give him a soft smile. “Because you haven’t seen the mess life brings with age Dean. You both are young.”
“Can you believe it?”  Charlie asks once shes walking out of the school with Castiel. “Like we’re gonna graduate in a few months.”
"Remind me again why we're going to this party?"
A hand ruffles his hair and the body it belongs to takes a seat beside him. “Am I not gonna get my first kiss of the day or what?”
“Dean, make love to me?”
All it makes her feel is alone.“Yeah.”
He was silent for moment because Cas never though about it. Where would he go?
“Come in.” Comes the response from behind the door.
Missouri Mosley.
“Well she didn’t look so
Apologies for this being kinda late, life has been a little crazy recently. But here have this chapter in which you guys will finally see Dean's POV too!
Nothing new.
“Dean you worry me too much.”
“Yeah.” Castiel sighed and closed his journal replacing it with his neglected tray of food. “It better.” He mumbles under his breath, feeling equal parts frustrated and exhausted.
“Yes, he’s upstairs.” She says, opening the door and sidestepping to allow Charlie inside.
There’s two old men sitting at the stools other than that the place is empty except the workers.
If only he knew his destination was beyond this world.
She didn’t.
You and I both know you don’t have an excuse for the shit you pulled because I have always been supportive of your decisions even when your parents weren’t.” She snaps, breathing heavily by the end of it.
“It’s only a few months Cassie, then your gonna be off to that business uni.”
There’s a weird sort of tension rising and Castiel doesn’t know what to do with it. Thankfully he’s saved from further thought of it by Jo.
Castiel manoeuvred himself on Dean’s lap. It’s a tight fit, considering there’s a steering wheel jabbing at his hip but it’s not enough for him to pull away. He crosses his hands behind Dean’s head,” Now if I remember correctly, you brought to me here with the promise of a night to remember.” He emphasis that with grinding down in slow circles.
“I’m sorry but it’s just this is the first we’re visiting them and Sam’s already grouchy and I just-“
“Dean. Look at me” Dean does and he’s met with the most understanding, most forgiving look. “It’s okay.”
A tear slipped down his cheek as a lump formed in his throat. Sob after sob escaped him and he couldn't find it in himself to even control them.
Dean breathes and relaxes in his embrace.” I really wanted you to meet them.”
"I dare you to make out with that one.”  He points his cup in Castiels direction who walks out of the bathroom, with his shirt half wet. "I've seen how he looks at you, why not give him a taste of what he's missing?"
He exits the place to find Gabriel under the hood” what’re you doing? Do you even know anything about cars?”
They end up staying at a three star motel but that is enough for them. Sam gets a separate room while Dean and Castiel get one with a double bed.
“Dean stop, what if someone walks in.”
“Do you love him?”
Castiel cuts the call while Dean watches him with raised brows and spit slick lips.
It gnaws at his insides and he averts his gaze back to Dean. Though that doesn't mean it goes unnoticed.
Castiel hums,”I love it.”
What has really gotten into him?
- your comfiest outfit.
"Sorry I just, um remembered I've got a quiz on Monday." He gets in the car, giving Dean as assuring of smile he could right now.
“Cas, buddy, you gotta get up.”
Charlie rings the bell, shifting her weight back and forth from the balls of her feet.
Hope had one this battle.
“Now move, I’ve got a car to drive back.”
“Okay., but first.” He kisses Castiel,” One for the road.”
They sit in a booth in the far corner. Castiel draws little doodles on his journal in an effort to pass the time while Gabriel flirts with the waitress.
“So?” Castiel repeats, worry written all over his face.
Dean’s silent for a moment before a smile reaches his.” I’ll tell you what happened but you gotta promise me something.”
“Castiel? You’re back early?” His mother questions, walking out of the kitchen in her apron reserved for baking.
Before He can say anything more, soft thumping of feet against the carpeted stairs aware them of Castiel’s arrival before he’s even in the living room.
There goes his chances of doing things properly. He doesn't feel like staying here anymore.
He thought he was getting better. He hadn't harmed himself for a while now. He thought that Dean was making everything better. Though maybe that's where his mistake lay.
“Christ Dean I’m kidding.” Castiel talks while walking closer to him. “ It’s just a journal.”
“I’m-“
She doesn't know if she feels pissed or disappointed more.
“Well then, care to tell us what happens to your hand?” Crowley questions, raising his eye brows. "We all know that wasn't a bathtub accident."
Castiel watches how his brother points at various things under the hood as he explains in his own childish way. He couldn't decide between being worried for his lack of knowledge about his own car or be amused.
She gets out of the booth but her eyes don’t leave him. “So what can I get you?”
“Charlie, I didn’t know you were coming.” He sits up and stares at a Charlie with furrowed brows.
He’s resting his head on the window. The roads are mostly empty the closer they get to his home. He twists himself so he can look at Dean.There’s a soft smile on his face too. Not like the earlier ones full of mischief or smugness.
"But why? I'm eighteen mom I should be allowed to do whatever I want."
“They were homophobic assholes who deserved it.” He immediately tells, with no anger, no frustrating in his voice. “There now you know.” He softly uttered the last words.
“Castiel.” She eyes him a frown covering her features. “ Oh I know who you are.”
They break apart and rest their heads together.
“Oh.”
" Don't you see it Dean? I'm not good for you. You're this perfect person with perfect plans with their life and I'm nothing i have nothing and all I do is bring mess to your life. I'm not good luck Dean."
Castiel rolls his eyes at Gabriel’s miserable attempts to get it to start. He places his journal on the dashboard, gets out of the car and walks in the diner. Jo’s behind the counter wiping it.
“No its just, you could’ve told me you had plans.”
, obsessed maybe?”
"I don't
That’s all the message Gabriel sent to Castiel. Of course Castiel was late in checking his phone because Charlie had already left. He calls Gabriel multiple times but he doesn’t pick up.
When they arrive at the joint, it looks a little old. From the outside the precariously positioned sign reads “Emma’s Diner”. Although the interior of the place is better with its checkered flooring, bright red stools and booths.
“Okay fine, have your way. I won’t bring it up again.” Not the best option but better than not being able to talk to him for almost a whole day.
Castiel slowly pulls back from Dean, still wearing the smile he gave him.
Castiel s father remain silent. Like always.
Until you're so lost in the feeling of the pain that for a moment you can forget about everything. The trauma, the sadness, self loathing. For a minute the world around you seems to dissolve into an abyss of darkness.
"Cas you Okay? Forgot something?" Dean asks from inside the impala. His face distorted in confusion and worry.
"It was actually." Cas wipes the tear away, "Dad was a sap, used to hold moms hand as he'd drive. Would even change the gear holding her hand."
Before Dean can reply her eyes fall on Sam and she scoots in beside Sam who just pushes himself farthest from her until his back is against the window
“Well I can’t help it, I missed my boyfriend.”
“I’m not little Dean.” He looks to Dean,” And you’re ignoring the question.”
“What?” Castiel furrows his brows for a second and considers his options.” Okay, fine , whatever.”
After they left Castiel and Dean came to the roadhouse where everyone congratulated them. Dean had jut left to talk to Ellen.
She laughed," Honey if I let you make your own decisions you would've already wasted your life away to some art school."
Castiel remained silent, taking in what was told. Dean just stared at him. He looked like an angel under the moonlight,blue eyes glinting with innocence. Minutes pass by before Dean speaks softly again, “When can I see you again?”
He doesn't how feels about that. “Yeah.”
He’s smiling, all teeth and gums and it’s perfect to Dean. He still sits in the corner observing him. Their eyes meet and Castiel gestures for him to join too. Dean just lightly shakes his head. He’s content at looking at him.
“Okay,” Dean shakes his head. Of course, Cas won’t let it go that easily. “Where do you want me to start?”
Dean opens his phone and clicks on the notification.
have feelings for Cas?”
Since Chuck got taken off the board and Heaven and Hell flipped their signs to closed, they don’t really need an Angel on the team. It’s overkill. And they have Jack if something requiring a heavy-hitter comes up. On a purely practical level, they can get by without Cas.
“Cas?” he says to the empty room. There’s a chance he’s listening. There might be nothing Dean can say to make it better but he has to try.
Sam clears his throat. Dean turns back to the booth. “Guys, this is an old friend, Jeremiah Sloane. Jeremiah, this is Jack, Castiel, and my brother Sam.” Sam stands and shakes his hand.
Empty-Crowley purses his lips. “This is growing tiresome. I only allowed you to linger this long because this particular form is unduly fond of you. But it’s wearing thin.” He waves his hand and just like that they’re at the bunker. Eileen looks up from her book in surprise.
“I unlocked the door and he was sitting on the bed in just his jeans and he patted the spot next to him and…”
“Cas?” his voice cracks. “Cas, you listening?” It’s no use, he’s not coming back. He offered Dean his heart and Dean crushed it under his heal. Cas doesn’t owe him the chance to make amends. He may never come back and that could be for the best.
“You didn’t. I may not be a hunter anymore but I still have connections. I heard you were working a case in the area and I asked a friend at the sheriff’s office to keep an eye out for a vintage Impala.”
“I guess so. I should go. I was telling the truth, I did only have time for a drink. Max worries if I get home too late. It was good to see you.” He gets up to go.
Sam deflates and takes a seat on the ground.
“Would it be a problem if I did?” Sam asks.
Sam is laughing way too hard.
“We’d finished off the last nest and I was full of adrenaline and I kissed him. Not in front of Dad.” He heads off Sam’s question. “Dad was calling Bobby looking for the next job. We kissed. Jeremiah slipped me his room key and so we…”
“Did something happen? Is he okay?”
“I… I tried not to. Spent years telling myself I couldn’t. That didn’t stop me from wanting you around all the time. From being miserable when we weren’t getting along. From being jealous when you kissed Meg.
Cas pales. “You read that?”
“Yeah, but—“
Dean shot to his feet and stood frozen to the spot until John pulled the splintered door closed. Then he fell onto the bed, shaking and crying. John hadn’t made him cry like that since the night Sammy left for school. He figured he was immune by then.
“My pleasure. Been a while since I got to practice my craft down here. Now then. Go on. Get your man.”
“You made a deal with Billie.”
my sleep. Call me petty, but I just wanted to see him suffer.”
Dean clenches his armrest out of frustration. He doesn’t understand why he’s so miserable all of a sudden. It’s a good thing that the two most important people in his life are in love. With each other.
“Okay,” Dean holds up his hands. “I get it. You like Cas. What are you going to do about Eileen?” Dean liked Sam with Eileen. He thought they had something special. Apparently, Dean doesn’t know anything about anything.
“Yes, you’re right.” He nods. “It’s nice. To be loved. By someone.”
Dean startles then curses at himself for startling. “Eleven years, Cas. Eleven years and you’re still doing the jump scare?” He turns to face the angel.
“Wait! I won’t ask you to bring Cas back again! But can you help me find Dean? This is barely a favor. Jody already has highway patrol keeping an eye out for the Impala. I’ll find him eventually, I just want to speed it up." Before he does something stupid.
“Harry and Meghan?” Sam chuckles. “Really, Dean?”
Cas nods, his lips pressed firmly together.
Jack is gone but in his place a crinkled sheet of paper floats to the ground. Sam snatches it up. It’s a set of latitude and longitude coordinates.
“I’m not afraid.” It would sound more convincing if he weren’t staring at the floor.
Sam smiles. Mouthing off to an all-powerful cosmic entity? Kevin Tran is going to be just fine.
“He said he loved me. And that telling me was… telling me was his happiness. And I just stood there. I couldn’t… I heard him but I… All that was going on in my head was he’s going to die, he’s going to die, he’s going to— Billie broke through the ward, and at the same moment, the Empty arrived. Cas pushed me out of the way, smiled, said goodbye. The Empty took Billie, then it took Cas. And I was alone.”
“Sure. Is this it? Is this the Empty?” Sam asks. Kevin spins in a circle to take in all the nothing.
“I thought I was going to. Right up until I told him I wanted to suck his dick.” Dean laughs again, this time at himself. “Never did that with a girl. So he put on a condom and got up over my face and I —“ Dean covers his eyes, wincing at the memory. “This is so fucking embarrassing. I gagged so hard I almost puked. He pulled out. ‘You’ve never done this, huh?’ he says. And me, like an idiot, swears that I had only not with a man. Which makes no sense. Right?”
“Dean?” He knocks on his door the next morning. “Can I come in? I’ve got coffee.” No answer. “And pancakes.” Still nothing. “Dean?”
Which just leaves finding someone powerful enough to cast the spell.
“Cas, stop. It’s not possible.”
“No, can you stay? For moral support? This has been a long time coming and I don’t want to chicken out at the last second.”
“The world outside the one I was raised in?” Dean reads out loud. It’s an odd turn of phrase. Other commenters noticed it too and ask him to elaborate.
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean shakes his head. It’s sad. He has such a low opinion of himself, he can’t believe the person he loves truly loves him back.“It’s not a curse, buddy. Sam is in love with you.”
“Castiel isn’t suffering.”
“Yeah, no, he’s fine. I just…What do you think of Cas?”
“Why? What’s wrong with Cas?”
“There was no escaping, that was it. We were done. Then Cas made a decision. I could see it on his face. He said he’d made a deal with the Empty back when Jack died. The first time Jack died. He bargained his life for Jack’s. The Empty would take him at a moment of total happiness.”
“Dean is struggling and I don’t know how to help him. He can’t get past that Cas died to save him. I don’t think anything is going to help except Cas. You brought him back once before and you weren’t even God then.
Sam closes his eyes in relief, which is quickly replaced by fury. “You asshole, you scared me half to death!”
“Cas, stop. Maybe I would’ve done it a few more times if he hadn’t found out but I would’ve come to the same conclusion.”
“‘Help me hive mind I’m in love with my best friend?’ Sound familiar?”
