Dean smirked. "See! I told you I was telling the truth."
"Look ... I know I can't bring back mom. Jack tried that, and... that... that didn't work. I also know that Dean and I cannot face Jack alone. Jack is far too powerful, and without a soul, we have no idea what move he will make next. So, until we can figure something out to deal with him, we have to place that issue on standby."
because not only is this a place a bar, but it's completely warded, and we allow other hunters to check-in and stay here for however long they need."
"Hey man, it's okay to be a bit star-struck... I get it's a lot to take in meeting a celebrity, but if you could have your mental breakdown outside and get the hell out of my bunker, I promise we will give you a 20-minute head start." She offered.
"I... I don't understand... what does this have to do with what just happened a few minutes ago?" Dean asked.
From the moment Dean awoke, it was clear that he only had one objective in mind: He wanted to get out of the cave. However, Castiel, on the other hand, wanted to drag today out for as long as possible. It was his last day with Dean. He wanted it to last.
"Dean... let's just hear her out, okay? If she attempts to imprison me, you and Sam can kill her!" Cas attempted to comfort the hunter.
next?" Dean said sarcastically.
"I don't appreciate your tone, boy!" Theo replied. "I myself had no choice in the matter. I didn't decide to lock her away for safekeeping!"
"May I escort you to your room, kind sir?" Cas pretended to bow.
"So then I'm presuming your answer is yes?"
"Wait, did you say, Jack?" Dean asked, trying to grab Kevin's attention since he didn't notice him before.
Castiel glared at fake Gabriel just like he would if it was actually his brother Gabriel sitting there instead of this look-alike version of him.
"Has something I said amused you, Castiel?" Chamuel asked, squinting her eyes and folding arms as if his smirk was somewhat insulting to her intelligence.
"I CAN'T FUCKING LIE IN HERE, CAS! WE BOTH TOOK THAT DAMN HONESTY PILL. SO BELIEVE ME WHEN I SAY I DID NOT SLEEP WITH HIM, but you know what? FINE, I'm going to pick up and read this next card now. And I swear to God, if Chamuel or any of her minions can hear me right now, it better be something that HELPS ME OUT IN THIS SITUATION!" He yelled the last part up at the ceiling.
Cas placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean, are you sure you want to do this? I know this cannot be an easy task for you..."
"Well, now that you know my choice, am I free to go? I'm sure I will be forced back into your office to get my assignments soon enough. And the faster I can complete this next round, the sooner Dean will be free of this program."
"Just answer the questions honestly and follow the prompts when they come up. If you do that, you will have nothing to worry about. Good luck, fellas." And just like that, the voice was gone.
"See, that's your problem, Cas. You take all these issues onto yourself. You can't bear the weight of it all. Maybe you think it's your divine duty or some other evangelical bull shit; I honestly don't know. But what I do know is that you never ask for help until it's too late for you or somebody else. You let your pride or morals or whatever guide your actions which always leads us into trouble." Dean stated, trying to control his frustration.
And just like that, Chamuel was gone, and Dean's eyes snapped open.
"Thank you for sharing that with me, Dean."
"Wait, did you just say Cas?" Samantha asked.
"WHAT WERE THE CHOICES, CAS?" Dean yelled, cutting the angel off.
"After mom died, you know - the first time she died at our house in Lawerence...my entire world started to change. Suddenly monsters weren't just a part of any old fairy tale. A monster... A demon... took my mother away from me. My father was so focused on vengeance that he didn't see the burden he was putting on his own children. But I can't blame him for that, I guess... He lost his true love, and that caused him to lose a part of himself...He was so focused on vengeance that he nearly forgot that Sammy and I existed. I had to choose to either step up or drop out, and there was no chance in hell that I would ever leave Sammy behind. So, I grew up. No matter what my age was at the time, my main goal was to take care of Sam. To make sure he had the best life possible. I lost myself a bit during that time... I lost the ability to find hope for a better future for myself. So... yeah, that's my answer. I no longer believe in hope because to me, it's just some fucking fairytale." Dean said.
"And why would you be stupid enough to come when a random person summons you?" Dean asked, getting even more flustered by the angel's naivety.
Chamuel cut him off. "Dean, please just let me explain before you -"
Castiel stopped the moment he got a better look at some of them. Of course, he didn't recognize them all, but he definitely knew some of the men.
Cas moaned loudly at the sensation of Dean's flush grinding against his thigh. To see the hunter so needy under his own hands made his cock perk up in interest.
On the center table, he noticed a piece of scratch paper with Sam's handwriting on it -
Cas looks down and starts shuffling his feet back and forth along the edge of the chair he is sitting on.
"It's whatever, let's just get this over with... " Dean interjected, completely dismissing what Cas had been saying. "I guess I'll pull a Sammy here and separate these projections into somewhat organized categories."
"Lisa???" Dean asked, grasping Castiels hand tighter.
________________________________________________________________________________
Deep down, they knew they both wanted this, but by admitting it to one another, Castiel would be taken by the empty, and neither wanted that. Right now, they just wanted to show each other how they felt without confirming those feelings through words.
________________________________________________________________________________
Castiel pushed open the door, leaving both room 5 and Dean behind him, utterly confused about what just happened.
"The wedding and you two." Lisa responded bluntly with a small smirk.
Castiel rolled his eyes playfully. "Oh really? And what led you to that conclusion?" He asked, placing his hands on Dean's bare hips while simultaneously toeing his shoes off.
"Do you know where Madagascar is?"
________________________________________________________________________________
"Once you both enter your separate cubicles, I will tell you what to do." Rachel replied joyfully, which was a complete switch in mood from just a moment before. She was probably just thrilled that Dean seemed to be cooperating more easily now.
"Fine fine, safety first blah blah blah blah blah." Deanna replied, rolling her eyes and leaning up against Sam's dresser. "So, what are we going to do with them? Cause there are a few spells that I've been dying to test out." She smirked at Sam, causing him to gulp in personal concern as a response since his verbal skills were extremely limited.
Dean wrapped his arm's around Cas's back and pulled him closer so that they were chest to chest. Cas continued to kiss him frantically while Dean tried to catch up with the angel's rhythm.
Dean handed him back his cellphone, and Cas quickly started tapping away on it again.
"...M-Mish?" Castiel questioned.
The second that the bolt in the door clicked open, Deanna rushed into the room before smiling at the two men being rendered helpless by her sister.
Why did he have to add in that last few sentences? It wasn't necessary to answer the question, but his mouth wouldn't stop moving. This was just great, whatever magic had been in the pill that Dean had taken it seemed to be proactive enough to already find a solution to his only loophole. Well the only loophole besides mumbling into the pillow, but even he knew it would be stupid for him to just carry around the pillow all the time.
"Well, I guess you got a point there." Dean exhaled and sat down on the corner of the bed, putting his head into his hands. "But what does Castiel have to do with any of this? Why did I have to admit all my deep dark secrets to him of all people?" Dean asked.
"Well, a gentleman in this situation would give up his room so that the women would be more comfortable." Sam explained.
Sam just shrugged before his hologram disappeared into thin air.
"I don't know. I guess I always just pictured you as a dude despite the whole vessel thing."
Dean couldn't bear to look at it any longer without actually feeling physical pain in his chest. The moment that Dean looked away though the guilt of what he said earlier seemed to go away and was once again replaced with his annoyance and anger at the entirety of the current situation. He remembered that not only did Cas storm out of room 5 once Dean had practically laid all his mushy feelings out on the table. Also according to Chamuel, Cas was also apparently keeping something from him about why his wings decided to make a guest appearance in this dimension. Which, of course, only fueled Dean's anger all the more.
However, Castiel's expression changed when he saw what was in the room. Unlike the first room, this one already had its lights on, and in the dead center of it was a Twister mat along with the color wheel spinny thing. (It probably has a name, but I don't know what that name is, lol)
"You mean
Before Cas got pulled fully through the doorway, he hit his head on the door frame. It all happened so fast that Castiel had to really focus on getting a grip on the situation going on around him.
Dean swiftly unpacked and put away all his new purchases before rushing off to the bathroom to shower and change his clothes. He wanted to dress nice, but he couldn't bring himself to wear any of the suits he owned. Each one made him look far too much like an FBI agent. However, that would make sense, considering Dean only wore them when working a case.
"I would apologize for the scare, but I just adore a dramatic entrance. I have always had a flair for the dramatics." He smirked, looking up at Dean and Cas as he tilted his hat back into place.
"Okay... Okay..." Dean relented. "My name is Dean… Dean Winchester and the guy you hog-tied to the chair over there is my little brother Sammy. We're hunters."
"Why?" Dean asked involuntarily. The word just slipped out of his mouth before he could think about how detrimental this one word could be to his and Cas' friendship.
? WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN
"Sup, Broheim!" Gabriel greeted Dean as Castiel came up, hugging Dean from behind.
This caused a panel in the center of the floor to slide automatically out of the way to reveal a hidden staircase.
"Ohhhhhh - because that's
"So you see how Dean reacts here. Notice how his pupils aren't changing in size? Yet with the eye tracker seems to show interest in the subject. Well, now let's do a brief montage so I can prove my point a bit quicker." She said.
Garth took his hand off Dean's shoulder and held both his hands up in the air in surrender, making Dean crack a slight smile.
"Why does it matter anyway? I did what I had to do to get us out of this mess! That's exactly what you would have done if you were in my position!"
"He will probably be angry. He usually is when I make a decision without consulting him first. But he would have never let me choose to stay here if I talked to him about my other option."
Finally, Dean spoke up, "Are you saying what I think you are saying?" He asked while taking a small step closer to Cas.
"You may not have known about my deal with the empty, but you must have known about my feeling towards you, or else I doubt you would have kissed me as you did... My point is you exploited my feelings against you so that you could get out of this damn cave. Am I wrong?" Dean asked Cas.
"Great!"
"Well, how do you know you aren't? I mean, you said it yourself that you have a hard time grasping human emotion. So how do you know you truly love this person?"
"The name is Omael, but you can call me O'Malley! I find that that name has a better ring to it, don't you think?" he smirked quickly, glancing up to look at the men over his beakers.
Dean was still asleep when Cas returned. Therefore he had no knowledge of Cas coming and going, which was a good thing. The last thing Cas needed today was for Dean to be asking him more questions.
"Well, why didn't you say so before?"
Castiel sat on Dean's lap, kissing him anxiously like he was the only lifeline left in this corroding world. Dean kissed him back just as willingly. They both knew what they want. The only question in their minds was if the other truly wanted the same thing. But it had to stay that way. If they wanted to be with each other, neither could know the truth about how the other person felt.
________________________________________________________________________________
"You tie up two men and forget to invite your own sister to the party? I'm hurt, Sami... genuinely, I'm hurt." Deanna said sarcastically as she put one hand over her chest to fake heartbreak or whatever reason girls tend to do that type of dramatic shit.
"I get it, Cas. This was the first time you ever met the kid, and Kelly practically left him in your custody. It was a lot to take in. He ummm... well, he meant a lot to all of us. So yeah, I get it."
"Jack..." Castiel said sympathetically, kneeling down in front of where Jack was sitting now on his makeshift bed. "I understand where your coming from, but there's one major fault in your plan."
"Cas, how the hell am I suppose to respond to that?"
"No, my name is Castiel." He clarified.
"So... Your grace is really running out, huh?" Dean muttered into the darkness.
"What do you-...."
"Dean, you came a day early... your reservation wasn't supposed to be until tomorrow, and this place is booked solid with all the guests we have coming to the wedding, so I don't think they will have a room available for you until tomorrow. But don't worry, you can stay with me." Castiel said.
"Some... very few... but yes I am." Dean admitted.
Because according to Sam and Dean, Misha had been killed by the angel Virgil who had followed them over through the rift.
There was a pause. The room was silent and dark, oh what a great combination.
Castiel just stood frozen without saying a word as he glared at the man.
"… Sam, I think that your hair grew so long that the weight is messing with your brain activity! How the hell would that be possible anyway?"
"Wow, Mish... that was beautiful!" Jared exclaimed, turning to face Jensen. " And Awww, look at Jensen, you even made him blush."
"Yeah, but you didn't need to sleep back then, and as you can see, there is only one freaking bed in this room. But there are two of us! It's fine, whatever. I will just sleep on the floor."
Castiel looked at him with a puzzled expression."Why would I ever joke about you revealing your traumatic past?"
4. I may have over-explained, lol I apologize. It should make sense as you read through the chapter.
"We've talked about this before, Cas... personal space!"
Dean's eyes widened. Sammy and Jess? A four-month-old Damn, how alternate was the universe gonna get? Jess was still alive and with Sam, and they had a baby.
Dean stood up and reached out an arm. His hand went directly through Sams's chest.
"Hey shhhhhh... you are talking at 100 miles an hour. I'm not mad about your change in tactics; I am just curious as to why?"
"And I thought I couldn't hate this place anymore, but it just keeps proving me wrong!" Dean exclaimed.
The figure's head laid resting against their knees, so Dean assumed that whoever it was hadn't noticed his arrival. Quietly he took a few silent steps closer. A ring of fire with a person trapped inside could only mean one thing. Dean was dealing with an angel. As he inched forward, the figure's traits became clearer, but Dean only needed to see the tan trench coat to know who was sitting in front of him.
Castiel thought.
"You knew my feeling for you, and you used that against me. You kissed me only because you knew I would desire to kiss you back, and that would be enough to satisfy the game we are currently playing."
Castiel turned to face Dean, his wings perking up a bit more. "Really?" He asked the hunter.
"I believe the phrase I just used was the equivalent to the typical polite way that humans communicate those types of requests."
Dean thought.
"I thought my montage was performed decently well since I had no idea what the term meant before 20 minutes ago..."
The area around them was stunning and very picturesque. Across the dazzling blue lake was a row of rocky mountains with snow on the tips, and on the opposing side of the dock was a complementary stone path that led up to a decent-sized victorian style house.
And at that, finally, Castiel got the message and kept his mouth shut.
"Well, it was sweet of you to want to surprise me, but now I have to rearrange the entire itinerary." Cas said without looking up from his phone. After a few more taps, he finally put his phone away and looked up at Dean. "Don't get me wrong, I am glad you were able to get off work early and join me here sooner than planned, but with all that we have to get done in the next two days, a head's up would have really been nice... I really do appreciate the gesture, though."
"See, that may have been an important piece of information to disclose to me."
"Exactly, and why should I make it any harder on them? I don't know if you had the pleasure of meeting the Empty, but it is not a force you want to deal with. The Winchester's are already on bad terms with Chuck. If I become human, then I am breaking my deal with the Empty, and I am pretty sure it wouldn't be happy about that."
For few moments, Castiel didn't even notice that Dean had appeared in the small room. The same was true vice versa. Both men were so deep in thought about what they had just experienced that they didn't even think to look around for one another right away.
That had been unexpected, that had been something they never talked about, something he shouldn’t have done, at all. Dean felt a ball of panic form in his throat, hand still raised mid air, but before he could freak out for real, Castiel sank on his cock all the way, until he was sitting on his hips, their balls brushing.
Castiel couldn’t raise his head, panting in still lingering pain, eyes scrunched shut.
“Move,” he whispered, voice rough.
“I love you too,” Castiel repeated, even his breath getting out in short puffs, and the words made Dean’s heart swell even more.
Dean groaned. He threw his head back, eyes closed, repeating all the parts of the Impala engine in his head in search of a way to control himself. Castiel was wet, but not slippery as always, and so tight his body didn’t seem to give up even at the pressure.
"So your mother's death gave an expiration date to your love," Castiel thinned his lips and looked away, nodding.
Castiel let go, let his head fall backwards on Dean’s shoulder, the little breath he still had left him in a rush when the deft mouth started teasing his exposed neck, his bared pulse point.
Both Dean and Cas starred at the frozen scene in front of them. Because out of all their wins, this one, in particular, didn't really have a direct downside to it. At least not right away.
Dean glared at the man. "Yes, I understand." He muttered under his breath as if that was his only retaliation. Which, in a sense, it was.
Rudy responded.
However, the war room wasn't empty.
"Yeah, but the kid hasn't been normal a single day in his life, so 'odd' isn't really an issue for him." Dean shrugged.
"Yeah! AND why 'the hell' are we here?" Castiel chimed in.
"You're hesitating... what does the card say?" Castiel asked.
Whatever had happened between the alternate Dean and Lisa must not have been good because why else wouldn't they have invited her to the wedding. When he and Lisa broke up in his universe, it wasn't on the best terms, but they always respected each other. But, of course, that was before Lisa forgot him entirely.
So, Dean followed Sam quietly down the hallway to where the rest of the group was standing outside Jack's door.
Jensen just stood there looking down at his feet now.
The kiss became frantic, filled with desperation and hunger as Dean's lips moved swiftly along Castiel's. Dean didn't wait long to swipe his tongue swiped across Castiel's lower lip, asking for entrance. Cas couldn't help but smile into the kiss before opening his mouth and allowing Dean's tongue to dart inside and map it out.
"Ughh, fine. But promise me something first?" Dean stated standing up. Castiel followed suit.
Dean sighed. "Sammy and I had a rough childhood; we didn't have many moments where we could both just be kids, you know? I was either hunting with Dad or trying to watch out for Sam. I never was a kid, and I had to grow up pretty fast so that he could be one. But that night... that night was the only night I felt a child-like joy in me. It sounds pretty dumb, I know. But just lighting off some fireworks with Sam and letting go of all my jobs for just a few hours was complete bliss for me."
Dean could help but chuckle at that a bit. "I mean, why is this one of your favorite memories?"
He loved Dean, he loved him more than anything else, in thousands and thousands of years just the love for Jack got close to the feelings he had for the older Winchester, but that was the final strike, the moment he needed to really know if the man ever felt the same. He couldn’t keep fighting for something so big if he was the only one behind it. He couldn’t forgive that pointed gun without knowing Dean loved him back.
"Dean?" Sam whispered touching his back lightly, "we should go," his voice was uncertain like he felt bad at having to ask to break the hug, but Dean got it. It wasn't the best idea to stay there, they had no idea if Castiel's return from the dead had given signs if demons or who knew who was on them. They had Jack and everyone knew and wanted him.
“I’m here,” Castiel replied because he was because that probably was his personal curse. Not to be kicked out of Heaven, to lose his wings, but falling for the mortal and devote his existence to him. He felt Dean press his forehead against his shoulder, felt the warmth even through three layers of clothes, but all he did was to move faster, to pound into that now pliant body, just to feel Dean whimper and moan, closer with every shove.
Castiel pressed a finger against his lips, scoffing with a laugh when Dean licked at it.
"You did since the second time we met," Dean laughed with affection, taking a step toward him, "actually in just a few occasions you arrived after so much time, so is something up wherever you're staying now?"
“I thought you might enjoy a familiar form and honestly, for human standards that’s a pretty hot one, but you already know it, right?” Slowly the creature walked in front of him, touching his bound and hurt, arm in the passing, and stopped a few steps away from his face, head slightly tilted, “what do you think, good enough?” it asked in an amused tone.
"I lost you, I thought there was no way to have you back, I thought I lost you forever. You were gone," Dean repeated, lips pressed against Castiel's hair.
“It’s okay, I think he didn’t sleep in days,” Sam said, smiling fondly, but Castiel frowned.
"You love me," Castiel repeated, voice low and broken, coming out in little more than a rasp in his bewilderment.
"Castiel, you should go," Dean hissed. He was grabbing the table so tight the angel thought it was probably going to give up and splinter.
"Don't you ever do it again, Cass," Dean growled the second the angel broke the hug with Sam, pulling him into his chest once more. He needed to feel him, to smell his skin. It didn't have a real scent, and still, it smelled like Cass, something Dean could have recognized among a million Angels.
"You're an Angel! You should have known what Jack..."
Gulping down a new moan, Dean reached up, squeezing both cheeks in his hands, losing concentration only for a moment, when he tried to raise his hips but Castiel pushed him down against the bed. He loves those shows of strength, enough to remind him it was an Angel he was in bed with, his powers and strength almost unlimited. A powerful soldier.
"Sam would love to know my whole life turned into a never ending chick flick moment since I got you," he teased, kissing the palm again, then the wrist, while waiting for Castiel to find his words, to start talking once more.
“What’s your cock hard for? Violence? Sex? Me?” Castiel teased, rubbing his hips against Dean’s in a circular motion.
Dean cursed in pain, eyes closed tight, but he used the leg around the angel to pull him even close.
Thin tendrils of black goo were twisted around his calves and wrists. Soft, and slimy, and cold but still more resistant than anything he had ever felt. Castiel struggled once more against them, but still, his arms couldn’t move at all from their spread position. They were starting to hurt, he had been standing, tied up spread-eagled for hours, or maybe days, he had no idea, there was no time in the Empty, there was nothing, but his muscles were finally shaking and burning and his resolution of someway escape was starting to fade.
He pulled himself from Dean's arms and walked over to the table to pick up the final card. "Picture This: You decide! One choice each."
"Both of you, for the love of God, SHUT UP!" Samantha said finely, losing her patience. "Castiel said he may know what's going on here, so I say we all stop talking and listen to the man or angel or whatever he is. Alright?" She glared directly at both Dean and Deanna until they both had surrendered to giving her a nod of agreement. "Perfect, now Castiel, please continue before Jack and Jill get into another argument about which one is the fairest of them all."
"So what are you getting at?" Dean asked Rachel.
"It's a... it's a party game." Dean finally muttered to Castiel.
Dean nodded. He was looking a little more flushed than he had been a few moments ago. Castiel assumed that Dean felt guilty for his original accusations, and that's why his face lost its color.
"Fine," Castiel replied, sounding a bit annoyed still. He leaned over to pull the next card off of the top of the deck. "What's your worst fear?"
"Death is highly unlikely," O'Malley said to Dean before turning to face Castiel. "Now, Castiel, your pill grants you one main ability while you are enrolled in this program. This ability is somewhat angelic in nature, but it's a bit more vamped up. You will be able to project scenes into your surroundings."
Everyone ended up heading back to their rooms around 2 am, and they were drunker than they were sober.
"Nothing as in that you see nothing in the room, or ..."
They had admitted so much to each other in room 4 without exactly saying what it was that they were admitting to.
Hey guys, so this chapter explains a bit more about the dynamic of the game/the rules of it all.  It is important/necessary to the story and I wanted to make sure that the game was clearly laid out. I tried to make it as enjoyable of a read as possible but it is kind of lengthy. I promise that it will be worth the read though because the next chapter is where things start to get INTERESTING :)
Castiel chuckled lightly at Dean's persistence. Apparently, the hunter was highly eager, which made Castiel's next question even more important. I need you to tell me precisely what it is you want from me, Dean. This is uncharted territory for us, and the last thing I want to do is push you too far or overstep my boundaries."
"That's an easy one, the fourth of July with my brother when we were younger. Come on, Chamuel. You will have to do better than that!" Dean exclaimed into the air, even though he had no idea if she was still listening in or not.
"How the hell do you know that it blocked the exit? It's pitch black in here."
Castiel slowly licked Dean's lips and moved his head down to start kissing along his neck, sucking ever so often to the point where Dean was sure there would be bruises. Finally, after a minute or so of worshiping Dean's neck, Castiel moved his position back to ghosting Dean's lip.
"Wait... you saw that flash too?" Dean asked.
Garth cleared his throat before responding. "Not to disappoint you, Dean, but the last I checked, I'm not Sam."
?" Castiel repeated his question taking a small step closer to Dean. Dean quickly noticed and unintentionally stepped back away from the angel. Cas tilted his head with the unspoken question of why Dean was acting so strange all of a sudden.
"Why?" Dean asked.
"Why what?" Dean asked, scrunching his eyebrows in question.
After a few rings, someone picked up. The voice of a Scottish woman could be heard on the other side of the telephone line:
"Alright, alright. Despite what many people think, I actually do fear a lot of things. In this business, you kind of have to, you know. If a hunter says they aren't ever scared, then they are lying to you. You have to be scared because if you are comfortable, then you aren't cautious enough to survive. If you stay scared then you stay alert, easy as pie. Sadly though my fears don't end at hunting, I am absolutely fucking terrified of flying. I hate being trapped in those metal tin cans of death. If people were meant to fly, we would have wings...but we don't - so I won't. My worst fear, however, is obvious; I am scared of losing the people that I care about. Lately, I just keep taking hits, man. Mom is gone, then Rowena, then Jack, and then you left the bunker. I fear abandonment almost as much as I fear losing people completely, but if what happened to them happened because of me, then that's what I truly fear." Dean sighed, looking down at the cards on the table.
"Alright... alright, I get it." Dean interrupted, causing Castiel to frown a bit since he didn't get to finish telling Dean all the fun facts he knew about honey bees. Dean decided to retract his statement a bit to keep his friend from retreating into himself again. "I mean... I'm - uh happy that you know so much about bees Cas, but we should probably continue the game before Chamuel decides to add a sixth-round or some shit."
When Castiel repeated the shift from his eyes to his lips again, that was the final straw for Dean.
"What just happened?" Dean asked.
"But why?"  Castiel replied.
Castiel's eyes widened in shock as the scene around them faded out of view. "You... you weren't lying..." He muttered. His wings were fluffed up and shaking in anticipation.
"No, no bath!" Jack argued again. This toddler definitely had a mind of his own. That much was clear.
Jack was apparently sleeping on the floor with a pillow and blanket while a girl that looked close to Jack's physical age was asleep on the bed.
"...Winchester?" She asked.
[SAM tosses DEAN a beer.]
"You mean the image projection or virtual reality thing he got like a million rounds ago?" Dean asked.
"What is this? How did you... I mean - why are you..." Dean began, but Sam quickly cut him off.
Dean thought. He had never been good at keeping up with the terms people used for that type of stuff.
"I don't understand what you are currently attempting to ask me." Castiel replied nonchalantly, following Dean's movement by standing up as well. Cas, however, didn't move any closer to Dean, allowing him whatever spaced he needed at the moment, considering how bewildered he seemed to be.
For who knows how long, they both just laid there, bodies still, eyes closed, forehead to forehead as they reveled in the touch.
Sure, it could just be Jack attempting to use his powers again. The boy had blown fuses more than once when he was trying to practice out his heavenly gifts, so it wouldn't be too far-fetched to say that the brief light flash was just that. But Dean had a feeling that that wasn't the case this time, and as a hunter, you don't just ignore a gut feeling.
Dean, of course, didn't give Sammy all the steamy details, but he gave him the spark notes of the ordeal, which was how Sammy had learned that Cas wouldn't be allowed to return to the bunker for three months (two months, as of the current time).
Really? What are we twelve? Is this a slumber party? If it is, we need to get Sam here pronto. We could braid his hair and have a pillow fight as well."
"Well, it's better than nothing, I guess, but I still hate all this." Dean gestured around him despite the fact that his dream made it seem like he was in the bunker.
Dean wiped a hand across his face, mentally checking it for stubble to see if he needed to shave before Cas arrived. "I - uhhhh... I kinda deleted the date setting from my phone, so I haven't been keeping track." He admitted.
"Out unloading the car, they should be in in a second. Everything went fine. It was a simple salt and burn case, so in reality, we all didn't need to be there." Sam explained.
"Yes, an arranged marriage based upon our Holy Fathers' own will."
Castiel's eyes widened in shock. "What are you saying, Dean? Because currently, I am afraid that I somehow must be letting my hope get the best of my judgment and that I currently misunderstand your intentions."
Fake Gabriel started laughing hysterically before crying out, "Yeah, no shit, sherlock!" That when Fake Chuck hit him in the stomach.
"Hell...man - I don't know..." Dean said, running a hand over his face in frustration. "You go first. How many girls have you kissed?"
"Just keep your mind open to the possibilities, Dean. Try to be honest even when you don't have to. It may make things a bit more pleasant." Chamuel stated
Once the memory froze, Cas spoke up. "I enjoy this memory because... because..." He started to say but couldn't seem to formulate the correct words.
"I had to do it on my own. It was my choice to make!"
"I don't think you would believe me if I told you," Dean admitted even though he himself honestly had no idea what was going on.
Dean personally didn't know what to think. So much had happened in the last round that he was still trying to mentally process it all. He thought that he and Cas had finally progressed in their relationship. The two of them finally seemed to be on the same page for once. Dean had never allowed himself to believe that the day would come when he and Cas could actually be together. But, big surprise, it did, and then less than five minutes later, Cas throws him this bombshell... Maybe Sammy was right because, after this experience, Dean began to consider he may really need to go to therapy.
She smiled as if she had just won a big trophy and Castiel stared down at his shoes on the verge of tears.
"Well, if you haven't noticed, the Winchester's can take pretty good care of themselves. They survived a lot, so I've heard."
However, when they entered the room, they noticed that they weren't alone. Chamuel was sitting on the edge of the bed, just waiting for them to arrive.
________________________________________________________________________________
"They are numbers." Castiel stated. It seemed like he already somehow knew what Dean was thinking. But that didn't stop Dean from questioning the angel.
"Excuse me?" The angel asked with a tilt of the head.
"Well, think of it as the person you want to stick with you until the end!" Dean replied.
Castiel's wings sunk towards the floor again which Dean had figured meant something along the line of sadness.
"Here." Castiel said while grabbing the wrist that Dean held to his wound. "Let me help you."
"Ok... and what is that?" Dean asked.
The room was narrow, more like the size of a small walk-in closet. Except unlike a closet, this room had 3 doors. One, of course, was the one they just entered in from. The other two were spaced out evenly on the opposing wall.
Their friendship crossed a line, it may have been forced onto them, but they still crossed the line nonetheless.
"What does that mean exactly?" Castiel asked.
"It- it feels so what angel?"
"Nuh-uh"
"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to do so. I only ask so that I can better assess the situation. I honestly didn't expect you to make the choice that you decided on."
He folded up Sam's note and placed it into the side pocket of his blazer. The last thing he needed was for Cas to see the note and second guess Dean's actual intentions, which, of course, had absolutely nothing to do with Sam's childish bet.
Except…
It was the first time since… well, probably since forever, that Dean felt well rested and his shoulders didn't hurt with tension. Even life with far less alcohol and cholesterol was bearable and the eternal lines on Sam's forehead had almost disappeared.
"Yes, Dean. I know. It has nothing to do with being an angel or your friend or even part of your family. It hadn't for a long time now. I love you, a kind of love angels aren't supposed to feel or know. The most human of loves and also the most precious," Dean nodded, slow and cautious, trying to get everything Cass was saying, to wrap his head around something so huge.
“My Father? God stole from you?”
"Don't forget the tearing your clothes off," Dean added, but his hands were running softly along Castiel's arm, with a love that had little to do with the idea of getting him naked. Dean would have been okay with just touching Cas like that for all eternity if he had too.
“Maybe I expanded, maybe I finally swallowed everything your Father stole from me!” it still was a teasing tone, but Castiel could detect anger too. It was well hidden and subtle, but it was there, it was a weak point and he could maybe use that.
Dean gasped, hand seizing around the cheek he was still distractedly kneading. His cock twitched, alert. It wasn’t like it had all been slow and sweet lovemaking, both had sported a few bruises in more than one occasion, but Castiel had never bit him like that. In retaliation. In punishment almost.
“What makes you think that he won, that he didn’t die a second later?”
"So you're ready to lose him from your sight for a few minutes?" And that, that was Sam teasing him, and damn if Dean wasn't going to make him pay. Mostly because he was right and he hated when that happened. He was the older brother, he should have been always right.
Regrets were something Dean based his life over, he had more of those than happy memories, but now it felt like they were all related to Castiel, to how he's been a shitty friend. All the times he had let Castiel down or pushed him away. All the times he hadn't really appreciated his help. Those damn days after Jack had died and he had turned all his pain and anger toward an even more hurt Castiel. He had told him he was dead to him, but it had never been true, not for a moment he had stopped loving him and he definitely hadn’t known the meaning of that word at this point of their relationship, just now he knew what Cas being dead meant, and it hurt more than he could take.
"Dean? What?" Cass asked, and Dean could imagine his confused frown, could almost feel it through his clothes.
"I'll so kick your ass, later," Dean said, but he felt some new softness toward the Angel, even if he was sure he couldn't have felt more for him, at that point, "and I hope having your ass kicked was the reason you were worried enough to leave my prayers unanswered for days," he added, slightly bending his head on one side, but Castiel lowered his face, clearly once more hiding from him, "Cas, a family is there exactly to be worried and burdened, it wouldn't be a family without that!"
"Ooooo pretty and sassy, well aren't you just the complete package?"
Jensen took a step back.
You could almost feel the heat rising off of Deanna. "You're damn right you weren't thinking. In fact, neither of you were! So, you and Jack are going to fix this issue right now!" She ordered.
As time went on, more and more guests arrived. Dean felt like he had actually died and gone to heaven with the number of reunions he had had tonight. It was a beautiful sight, seeing all the people he loves gathered together in one room just for him and Cas. Even if he wasn't who they thought he was.
Castiel just gave a small smile in response, trying to hide his true feelings. He knew he would not be leaving with Dean, but Dean didn't need to know that yet. They both got up out of their chairs and walked over to room 5.
"But... But why would... why would my name... why would I be included in the title of your memoir?" Cas asked, his eyes still comically wide.
"Ohhh, but Sam's phone calls and text weren't good enough for you to respond to? You know what I..."
"Awesome, right???" Dean asked enthusiastically.
"The results of your test, duh." She replied smugly.
"Hmmm... that's strange!" Castiel responded, not sounding at all shocked by the odd occurrence.
Cas's wings were stunning, Dean would deny it later on, but he just stared at them, marveling at how beautiful they were for a few moments. It took all his efforts not to reach out and run his hand through the soft silky feathers. And despite the poor lighting in the room, the light seemed to dance across them as the wings shifted position every so often.
"Well, no..."  Cas answered.
"I already told you, Cas, the cards are blank." Dean reached down to pick up a card and prove his point, but as soon as the opposite side of the card came into his view, he saw that there was, in fact, writing on it.
"I don't know... I mean, you
"How angels work, I guess hell I don't know, man. It's also hard to believe that you only kissed 4 people in your entire eternity of existence."
"Shut up, Sami, you aren't helping!"
"I'm sorry, I didn't catch that." Chamuel responded, genuinely unsure of what Dean had just mumbled.
"Ohhhhh?" Castiel mimicked Dean's voice while squinting his eyes at him in question.
"I don't think anything changed, really." Dean sighed, running his other hand through his hair. "I just think that that alternate world really helped me to see things for how they are and for what they could be here." He admitted.
"A DAY?"
"I don't understand what Dick Roman has to do with any of this... But as for being stubborn, I guess it takes one to know one." Castiel smirked proudly at his own witty remark while Dean quickly turned his head to glare at the angel.
"What does that mean anyway? What do pupils have anything to do with anything?" Dean questioned.
Castiel was silent.
"Maybe… or maybe your just trying to throw me off track. So, let me think out loud here. You added the words 'with you' to the statement. And in that context, that would typically mean you were actually interested in me. Still, since you refused my previous offer, your interest is obviously not in me, but somehow it's tied to me. Hmmmmm, and you already let it slip that it's a guy, so it can't be any of my group. And the only person I have any tie to here that is a male is… ohhhh, I get it now." She deducted.
"That a problem?" He asked, quirking one eyebrow up in question.
The four of them met outside as to not alert Dean of their discussion. After an hour, they came up with a pretty solid game plan.
"What is both of them?" Deanna asked, obviously getting annoyed at the lack of an answer Cassie gave her.
"It takes one to know one, Dean." Castiel stated bluntly.
Castiel walked away from the door and sat down on the closest corner of the bed. Dean sighed and sat down on the bed beside Cas.
"Alright -Truth: If the world were to end next week (And no, you can't save it this time, so don't you dare give that answer), what would do with your remaining time?" Castiel read to Dean.
"Because Chamuel thought about it and decided that it wasn't fair for Dean to be the only one forced into honesty, Cassie. In other words, you pretty much did this to yourself, Bro, by not telling the truth."  Gabriel responded.
"You haven't changed a bit, have you?" Sam said while rolling his eyes and smiling.
Castiel sniffled a bit, trying to compose himself. "I just... I never - I never thought I could have this... that we could have this. That you could ever feel the same for me as I do for you... It's just overwhelming." He smiled happily through the joyful tears still filling his eyes.
Mary walked up to Sam and gave him a quick hug! "So, how did it go? Where are Dean and Cas?"
However, being the fantastic actor he thought he was, Dean wanted to play it out as a real loss. He wasn't going to half-ass it or admit that he was trying to save Castiel.
"Well, why would I ever tell you about that... You never asked. I didn't even tell Dean until I was forced to mention it because it became relevant to the task of the room you last sent us into. So why would I share that bit of information with you?" Castiel questioned. He was starting to feel a bit heated. Whatever was going on here was definitely not his fault and wouldn't have a stranger proclaim otherwise.
"Why don't you both take a seat, and I can explain my program." She gestured to the sofa in the corner of the room.
"But it still did happen to you! Jack killed Mary, and you lost your mother. The fact that you either consciously or unconsciously were able to put that behind you and allow him in your dream life shows just how great of a man you are." Castiel said with a factual tone in his voice.
"Well, I don't really think that you have much to worry about. For me to reach true happiness, Dean would need to feel the same way, which I highly doubt he does."
Castiels fist clenched at Dean's silence, so he decided not to wait for Dean to respond. He turned around to reach for the door handle, only to turn directly back around to face Dean.
"Well... your wish was granted."
Castiel reached up a hand and placed it on Dean's cheek, using his thumb to wipe away the tears. Dean couldn't help but nestle into the calming touch of his palm as he took a calming breath and closed his eyes.
Cas looked down at his arm, and the hand that had grabbed him still had a firm grip on his arm, and he didn't let go until Cas looked up to face the man.
Neither option sounded appealing to Castiel, to say the least. So he resolved to leave it as it is for the time being.
Castiel lowered his hand. "What exactly would we do in Las Vegas, Nevada?"
"You never told me about that deal you made with the Empty..." Chamuel answered.
"Test? What test? Castiel won the game I lost, obviously." Dean said, lifting up the smoothie cup to prove his defeat.
"Not as easy as you thought - huh? " Dean stated sarcastically.
"Is this some backhanded way of you twisting this to be my fault?" Dean asked.
"Do you think this will work?"
Just like Dean expected, the women continued talking. "I was hoping you boys would make it this far. I mean you both do hold a high reputation in the field of the supernatural, so I didn't doubt that you would arrive here sooner or later."
"You are talking about the part that zooms in on her eyes, right?" Cas asked for clarification.
"Nice try, but no. None of the above. Whoever loses just has to drink this smoothie."
"Good, because I was going to drag you inside anyway, would have been embarrassing to suddenly find ourselves fucking in front of Rowena."
“Then we’re lucky I’m so bad at following plans,” Dean shot back immediately, grabbing the angel by the shoulders and trying to pull him down again. He already missed his lips, the solid weight over him. He was never going to confess it, but he was sure he could have come on himself like a teenager just by making out with Cas long enough.
“So, you were saying something about wetting things?” Dean teased, finger retreating and pressing again after a few circles around the tight hole, and Castiel groaned, biting down on the thin skin covering the bone he was leaning on.
Dean stopped to struggle into the hold, he tried to cover Castiel’s hands and when Castiel felt that he moved, letting his hands slip up, to entwine their fingers together, bodies moving against the wall with the same rhythm of the kiss.
For a moment Castiel’s mind blanked out. It couldn’t be true. He knew now that God wasn’t the benevolent, wise Father he had blindly followed for aeons, he knew he was selfish and spoiled and often cruel, but that seemed like too much. To condemn his angels, his children, like that, just to treat himself with creations to play with. Stories to write, humans created just to use them like in a bad novel, and then wiped out to start anew, in exchange for the eternal suffering of him and his brothers.
“Dean,” Castiel moaned again, a broken puff of air. His world started and finished with the hand around his cock, with the cock hitting his prostate at every upstroke, dragging over it again and again. He felt his body burn from the inside out, his blood boiling in his veins while it ran south, hot and pulsing between his legs. A few more strokes and the hold in Dean’s hair tightened, the hand convulsing around them. Castiel's body went taught, back bent, mouth open in a scream that had not enough air to come out.
“Dean,” the word left Castiel’s lips in a rush, a needy prayer when the big hand closed around his dick; dry and calloused and simply perfect.
Right.
"You mean hiding a suicidal deal from me and then using it to call the Empty and die in front of me, without even giving me time to open my mouth?" Dean raised his eyebrows and Castiel turned his eyes to look away from him.
Silence took over once more, a relaxed and intimate one, accompanied by the soft sound of Dean’s hand brushing along Castiel’s naked side.
"Stop saying his name! You knew better than me what he was, you saw it, but you led him to believe you considered him a son!"
Today felt like everything was possible and like even Dean Winchester could cut himself some slack and just be happy. He would have had time tomorrow to go back to feeling guilty.
"I miss him terribly too. Without him feels like just half a win," Sam nodded again, "but I was waiting for you to get there, at this point it's something between the two of you before being a family thing," he affectionately bumps their shoulders together, still smiling, "didn't know Angels have a scent," Sam teased.
"I still don't think I'm fully aware of what humans do, but I'm pretty sure that's the moment you stop talking about it and kiss me instead, Dean Winchester," he said already moving closer to his lips, less than a breath away.
“I’m sure you’ll like this one,” Castiel assured and Dean wondered when and where Castiel picked up such a dirty smirk. Not that there was a lot of innocence left in his angel, but that smirk was a new level of dirtiness, something he was sure Castiel didn’t even learn from him. He definitely had to be more careful about the porn he left around unless he wanted….
"You know I did! You know I loved you, I loved Jack, but that doesn't mean," Dean's voice was suddenly low, shaking. A scared whisper.
“That’s what you want? to torture me forever because I woke you?” he asked back, instead, but the Entity slightly twisted its hand and suddenly Castiel felt like all his organs were being squeezed inside him. With a grunt of pain, he tried to curl up on himself, but the black tendrils tightened around his limbs, bruising and cutting even through his clothes.
"Cass, I've met my share of angels, and demons and whatever else and you are the most selfless creature I've ever met. Everything you did, even the most messed up things, you did to help, to be better. And maybe to redeem yourself, but always through good, through what you thought was the best thing," Castiel scoffed.
It took little before Dean came with a suffocated whine, biting into his partner’s clothed shoulder, short fingernails sinking on the back of Castiel’s hands, and it was enough to push him over the edge as well. Castiel came without even stopping to move, short, angry thrusts to milk his orgasm to the last drop. He then stayed still for a moment, distractedly feeling Dean’s leg slid down his hip, but too busy smelling, for the last time, the scent of the two of them together, the sweat on Dean’s skin that he wasn’t going to lick away, not this time. When he was ready, when even a second more was going to be too much, he took a step back, not even looking at Dean while he slid down the wall to sit on the floor with a flinch. Instead, Castiel tucked himself in, cleaning his soiled shirt with a distracted gesture before he zipped up his pants.
Dean said nothing, opened his mouth, but no sound came out. Good, because Castiel felt anger and desperation almost tickle at his Grace, he felt a surge of power led by fury.
“Yes, yes, love,” Dean’s chest was suddenly pressed against his back, without Castiel even noticing he had been pulled up, and Dean an arm around him to take over the movements.
There wasn’t a way out, there had never been. He had been released from there once, and it had costed the lives of some of his brothers, not to mention the power of Lucifer’s son, but this time it was different. This time he was there by choice, he was there because of a deal because the Entity ruling that place wanted him, not because he had just died. They were all things that pointed toward never getting out. He had known that, when he had closed the deal when he had told those three words to Dean to save him, and he didn’t regret any of that, still now it felt a lot worse than he had imagined, a lot scarier. Darker. Hopeless.
"Not my fault you get all philosophical on me while all I want is to feel you in every possible way!" Dean protested, hands stopping at the small of the angel's back.
“Dean?” he managed after a few tries, hope clear and loud in his voice. He had no idea how long he had spent there, but Castiel already was at his limit, already slowly losing his mind and now that, now Dean had arrived just close to him also losing his hope.
"Stop," Dean ordered and took the last step, getting close enough he could smell Castiel's scent, different, more like it was at the beginning, the scent of a storm, "Cas, man, look at me," his voice had turned soft and he raised his hand to put it on his shoulder.
He was an idiot. It couldn’t have been Dean, he should have known, he should have stomped on that last tendril of hope long before. He was alone and damned, forever, and, apparently, the Entity just decided it was time to play with him.
A spank had all his thoughts fade away, his body suddenly seeming to focus only on the light burn, so close to the point where they were joined.
Castiel inclined his head, resting its weight on Dean's hand before he grabbed the hunter's face with both hands, thumbs rubbing the cheekbones lightly while he kissed and was kissed with the passion of a lifetime of starving and deprivation.
His insides felt worse than when the Empty was playing with them, a pain in his chest similar to someone ripping out his heart and lungs.
"But it's all a lie unless you can have Cas," Sam finished for him with a smile. It was the most tender smile Dean had seen in a long while.
“Feel free to do it again,” the angel used a reassuring voice but didn’t hide the arousal leaking through his words.
"No, not that, I can totally eat these pies. I can't be happy, Sam. I tried and this new life feels great and it's what I've always wanted, what mom had always dreamt for us. I have a dog, a home, nothing to keep me up at night, no fear that you or I are gonna die tomorrow…"
"You can't tell me to go," he could feel his Grace, restless inside that too tight human body, he could feel his power kick and scream to come out, to instinctively smite their enemy, "look me in the eyes and tell me you ever loved us or have the balls to admit I've been nothing more than an upgraded one night stand"
They kissed again, their lips and tongues getting hungrier and hungrier, teeth biting and pulling on sucked lips, stubble scratching and marking the delicate skin until their mouths were red and puffy, wet with each other's saliva.
"Cas, I've shared a lot with a lot of people and I swear I've never wanted to kiss Eileen or to tear the clothes off Jody," Dean explained with a smirk and Castiel's lips slowly widened into a smile.
The keys still in the car, both brothers just stood while watching Castiel approach the car, climb in the back. In his place. With them, on the Impala.
The entity took a step back.
"I'm sorry I left you. I'm sorry I told you like that," Castiel said once more when they moved slightly to take a breath, hands still roaming over Dean's face and neck, a thumb moving to stroke the hollow at the base of his throat.
“Like the show, Dean?” he groaned. He reached out, grabbing his cheek, spreading himself even more, even if everything was already visible, “I can feel you leak inside me,” he continued, “can you see how hungry my ass is for you?”
"The things I said to summon the Empty…" Castiel started, ignoring the comment, then paused again, gulping defeatedly, "I know they were unrequited, I know they came out of nowhere and they were true, but I never expected to be resuscitated once more and to.."
"Please, bring our Cas back," he cried in the end, face pressed against Sam's shoulder and hand fisted in Jimmy's fur.
“Do you think it matters, that you look like him? I know what you are,” he said in a hiss.
Castiel screamed.
Castiel had bent, even more, forehead pressed against Dean’s legs, hips now moving in quick and short thrusts. He was close, his body thrumming with pleasure, every spank a slight pang of pain that ran straight to his neglected cock, just occasionally barely brushing the skin under him. He let go of the cheek he was still holding open, grabbing Dean’s calf instead, hand outstretched in front of him.
"I can't tell you that, Deano, but don't worry if you fall astray; I'll help you get back on track." Gabriel winked.
Gifs - Google/Pinterest, so I am not sure who exactly created them. If you know the artist, please let me know so I can credit them.
"So you see my issue now, do you not?" She asked.
Castiels shoulders sunk with the newfound realization. Dean noticed the change in mannerisms, but before he could say anything, Cas walked towards the wall furthest away, only to sit down with his back to Dean. One-shoulder leaning against the wall.
Castiel didn't reply, so Dean eased himself off the door and got ready for bed.
"Thursdays?"
"No, I thought that that should be something we told him together."
But sadly, all good things come to an end, and this one ended only a few minutes later when there was a sudden rapid, loud knocking on the door. Dean jumped out of bed, hoping that he could stop the knocking before it woke Cas up. But it was a bit too late and loud for that. Cas sat up, only to yawn and stretch as Dean made his way to open the door.
Dean let out a long-exasperated sigh. He was running out of verbal responses to deal with all this bull shit, but the sigh seemed to be a good temporary replacement for his typical witty remarks.
"Ok... but what does that have to do with Cas?"
"That's pretty dark, Dean, plus that doesn't sound like the Sam I know." Cas stated.
Good! Now, as I said before I was rudely interrupted... round five is a bit longer than the previous four rounds. Also, unlike the other rounds, there will be two types of cards this time. The first is
"Yes, it does..." Dean replied.
"I seriously doubt that." Dean stated.
He thought to himself, slightly annoyed by all the people popping up like daisies in the spring or some shit.
Castiel repositioned himself so that he was once again propped up on his elbows as he continued moving back and forth.
"Well, damn… no wonder you're hesitant now!"
Castiel knew that Dean was telling the truth, and he didn't want to press him any further. He was also scared that he may say the wrong thing and piss Dean off again, which was the last thing he wanted to do.
“So, we were saying: do you enjoy this shape, Castiel?” with all the little energies still in him the angel looked up, hate and fury in his eyes, the red rage he had used in the worst celestial battles.
It was a beautiful day, the sky over Ohio clear, the air just the right side of chilly. There were birds chirping and kids laughing, a relaxed chit chat coming from the small crowd.
“Sorry, he fell asleep and I didn’t want to wake him,” Castiel said, uncertain of what he was supposed to do in that kind of situation. He had covered both himself and Dean up to the neck before Sam could come back, but he knew humans, and especially the Winchester, didn’t appreciate public displays of affection and even less of sex. Castiel presumed that both being naked and a very dishevelled Dean sleeping on his chest were clues of their previous fornication.
“Come on, Cass.”
Castiel didn’t look up, he couldn’t do that, he wasn’t ready, he knew it was going too close to losing his mind.
“I admit your faith in that man is pretty strong, but I’m sure soon you won’t even be able to feel it, shall we start the game?” and before Castiel could think about the meaning of those words the tendrils around his arms started to pull towards the opposite sides, stretching him more and more. He groaned loudly, but when it started to also squeeze his insides, he screamed. And screamed.
“Dean,” Castiel moaned a single, desperate word. He didn’t know what he needed, he had control, he didn’t want to come, not yet, and still, he needed. Something. More.
He gently palmed the angel's face, mirroring his pose, feeling the warmth, the weight of Castiel leaning against it and pressing against the caress. Dean moved slowly, getting closer and closer, watching the plump pink lips he was about to kiss but also giving Castiel time to change his mind.
“Sure, you know now, but what in a century or two? But it’s true love, let's say a few millennia, instead. You’ll be out of your mind, your small Grace rotten with desperation and pain, and then you won’t know I’m not him, you’ll only remember you gave everything for Dean, for something stupid you call love, but the only thing you’ll know will be that he’s torturing you. How does it sound?”
“For a moment I was seriously scared he was too far gone for even me being able to reach for him again,” Sam admitted with a pained sigh. He dropped the jacket on a chair, moving to the free bed, “so, I guess you know now you’ll have to stay or you’ll break him for good,” it was a statement, but Cass knew it also was the biggest threat he had ever got.
They laid like that for a few minutes, chests rising and falling fast, bodies sticky with sweat and everything else, but in complete peace, in their small, perfect world that no other could know or ruin.
"And why not?"
"You and Amara had a thing?" Castiel questioned.
"No ... not exactly." Castiel was looking towards the opposite wall of the room. A large rock slab was definitely moving, but it was moving in the wrong direction for it to be a cave-in.
Finally, he gave up on thinking or speaking or any of that elementary school shit, and he walked over to room 4.
Castiel didn't come back to the bunker. Cas chose to stay an angel in Chamuel's Cave. He picked his grace over Dean. That was the only logical explanation for what had happened. But, with the support of Sam, Jody, Donna, and Garth, Dean was able to start getting his life back on track. It wasn't immediate, but he was making strides forward.
"How do you know this lake so well?" Dean asked.
Dean pulled the bottle out of the cabinet and didn't even bother grabbing a glass.
"OK! What the actual fuck is this?" Dean yelled.
?" He asked, using air quotes and an extremely sassy tone especially on the last word.
The room filled with fluttering sparks as Castiel attempted to heal Dean's wounds. However, during the brief sparks of light that emanated from Castiel's hands, Dean could tell from his facial expressions that he was truly struggling to complete the task. A moment later, the sputters of light ceased, and Dean felt immensely better than he had before.
"Once I got my cowboy fix, we would drive North West until we reached Vegas, which is where we would stay until the world came to an end." Dean concluded.
Chamuel must have charmed the door to only be able to open from the outside or something because Dean isn't the type of person to just sit around and wait for anything.
"Papa!" Jack squealed in excitement as he wiggled out of Kevin's grasp and ran over to hug Castiel's leg.
Dean raised his eyebrows. "Wasn't it obvious?"
"Shhh, Cas. I got you! We'll take it slow, okay? Just like this." Dean said, sliding one hand in between their two bodies and wrapping his hand around both erections.
How was he supposed to give a speech about Jensen when he legit just met the man less than a few hours ago.
"I guess this last challenge is a sort of solo thing, huh?" Dean said.
"Less than a day, Dean. I had other projects I had to work on; however, this one has always been my favorite."
Instead of helping set up, Dean chilled by the entryway and awaited the arriving guest. Sam, Jess, and their baby girl were the first to arrive. Dean's eyes filled up with tears at the sight of Jess alive and holding her and Sam's 4-month-old daughter. The little one was dressed in a frilly pink dress and had bright green eyes. She was still pretty much completely bald but as cute as can be.
