Dean shifts moodily, unable to eat anymore without taking a bite of the wrapper. He keeps forgetting that Cas is already spoken for, and then something happens to remind him. Sam steps around Cas to sit back down and says something, but Dean is too busy trying to listen to what Cas is saying. He shushes his little brother.
“Delta 7,” Dean tells Daniel shortly. He walks off without complaint. Cas looks down at their lap, waiting for the barrage to start. Dean doesn’t say anything as he cleans the blood from his neck and his arms. None of it is his, Cas notes thankfully. Still, they aren’t dumb enough to offer to help today.
“Just come back, Castiel. I don’t understand why you won’t let me find you. You want me to fucking die out here lookin’ for you? Is that it? Because I swear to god, if I don’t find you I’m not leaving. I’m not. I’ll die here and it’ll be your fault. It’ll be your fucking fault, Cas.” Dean slams his hand into the tree again and leans heavily on it. Benny is still sitting up, staring at him unashamedly. Dean is too far in his own head to notice anyway. “I don’t know why you’re running, but if you stop--if you come back right now, I won’t be mad. I swear. Won’t even ask what took you so long.”
“No,” Cas lies pointlessly. Jo snorts. They imagine the people in the other cars waiting to hear what Dean says about Cas directly disobeying an order that came from Dean himself. If he told Chuck and Jo not to let Cas tag along, surely he told everyone else. “Requesting an explanation, over.”
“Becky took an extra serving of mashed potatoes,” he groans into his hands. Cas smiles gently, resting a hand on Dean’s arm.
“Way to go, Sammy,” he mutters. He glances around the room, the older brother in him searching for anything else that might need fixing. Sam is annoyingly organized, his boots sitting in the corner by the door. His jacket is hanging up on the door of his closet, and the only thing out of place is a sock. Dean kicks it under the bed, flicks the TV off, and creeps back out of the room.
“It embarrasses him when I outperform him in the field,” Cas jokes instead of answering her question, turning to look out the window. She chuckles, spinning her shotgun again. “Did you put the safety back on that thing?” they ask, eyeing her sideways.
Sam is passed out, slumped against the back wall, a little blood trickling down his forehead. The vampire follows his gaze and laughs, its putrid breath spilling out over Dean’s face and making him gag.
“Um…probably before the end of the world started?” she guesses. Cas tilts his head. “Okay. For real? I dunno. Definitely before you guys found me. If you haven’t noticed, there’s not much room for fun at home.”
It’s ridiculous, really, to be this excited that a stranger called him. But he can’t help it. His whole life has been a series of people not calling. His dad never came home. His mom got sick of him and left too. Benny--well, the only person who has ever stuck around is Sammy. And here is this complete stranger, calling him to apologize. Dean is still chuckling as he types the number into his phone and listens to the ringing. It rings. And it rings. And it rings. And just as Dean’s heart begins to sink, and he thinks that Cas has thought better of it and decided to let it ring out, he answers.
“It’s okay,” they say, pulling the hammer back. It clicks into place. She lets out a noise from her throat like a low growl. Cas uses one hand to aim, the other to steady the shaking. “I’m sorry,” they tell her.
He spots the dock and the figure sitting on the lawn chair in the middle of it and comes to a screeching stop that should make his neck hurt. It doesn’t. Heaven rocks. He stumbles out of the car and starts to lock the door before realizing that there’s no need to do so anymore.
Dean is walking toward them at a fast pace, covered in quickly drying blood and looking dangerous. He has an extra bag over his shoulder, most likely full of new supplies. Behind him follows what looks like the entire cavalry. If they lost anybody today, it was only one or two people. That has to be the first time in a long time that there were so few casualties in a raid this size. Some of them carry bags like Dean, some tend to wounds as they walk, others walk jerkily, looking as stunned as Cas feels.
“Not tonight, sweetheart, you’ll have to find one of your other little friends to entertain you. I’m not in the mood.”
Dean’s insides deflate. The boyfriend. Mark. The asshole boyfriend who got into a bar fight tonight. Who yelled at Cas for trying to help. And Dean is nobody. A stranger.
Oh. Cas feels his vessel begin to heat up around his face. He looks away from Dean. It only takes him a moment to place the emotion that is festering in the pit of his stomach.
Cas talks about it with distant indifference, but Castiel knows better. To lose one's grace, the mental toll is far beyond the physical.
Dean gasps in mock offense, but he swings his feet a little, and Cas recognizes his Send Noods socks.
Benny risks peeking an eye open and finds that Dean has turned away again. Cas. He recognizes the name. Sometimes Dean whispers it in his sleep, voice full of longing and loss. Sometimes he screams it, more of a desperate, terrified plea. Cas is the angel.
“All we’re saying,” Chuck pipes up, “is that if Dean had told one of us to stay behind, we sure as hell would have stayed behind.”
He can’t be the only one thinking it, because Castiel just licked his lips absentmindedly. Dean breathes out evenly, his eyes slipping to said lips without his permission. Then, because God must have some agenda against him, Castiel’s phone rings loudly.
Cas turns his head as Dean approaches and makes a gesture with his hand. Dean swears he sees something shimmer in the water, but when he gets closer there’s nothing there.
“Hello, Dean. This is Castiel. We met at the hospital. I just want to apologize for snapping at you before. I was stretched pretty thin, and I was stressed out. That doesn’t make it alright to yell at someone, I know that…” He fades away, and Dean’s insides glow. Cas called. He really, actually called. He grabs the phone again. “I guess I’m just touchy about my relationship. My boyfriend...I shouldn’t have called. I’m sorry, this is so stupid. Just ignore this. Okay. Okay. Goodbye. Sorry.” The phone beeps to signal the end of the voicemail. Dean laughs, relief flooding through him.
“Alright,” Dean says as Sam sets the picture to the side and scratches Miracle’s head. “That’s enough.”
“I think,” Cas says slowly, “that you deserve to be back there. Tending a bar. Taking Miracle to the park.” Dean lets out a breath of relief.
“Croat,” Dean says quietly. He stares at her as she tilts her head awkwardly, surveying the cars, and slowly makes her way toward them. With heavy movements, he reaches for his gun, and then the handle on the car door.
“Hm. Close acquaintances, then,” Cas compromises. Dean sits in stubborn silence for a moment before forgetting that Cas can’t see him and shrugging.
His fingers close around the joint and he brings it to his lips, taking one shallow pull. Cas has enough time to tilt their head and imagine asking him to shotgun it back to them before he breathes out and drops the perfectly good weed to the floor, grinding it with the heel of his boot.
“We’re going to the courthouse today,” Dean tells him. As though he doesn’t know. Cas looks up at him, a dry smile playing on his lips.
Dean doesn’t eat when they get home, just pops a pain killer, grabs a beer, and attempts to retreat to his room. On his way there, however, Sam catches up to him and pulls the drink from his grasp, replacing it with a Diet Coke and disappearing as quickly as he came. Dean doesn’t have the energy to argue with him today.
“I know that. He knows it too. He’ll come around,” Sam assures him. Cas nods, because he knows it’s true. Dean always comes around.
“Maybe not, you are becoming the King of Lawrence and we will probably have to fight when the time comes.” He says almost casually and I grimace.
“She was asleep, but when I pushed on your stomach slightly she woke up and then kicked me and told me off.” He laughs and a huge smile breaks out onto my face before I myself start laughing. Cas reaches out to caress my face and looks at me in the eye.
What was I going to do about my wife? I just wanted her to be happy, to be with someone who loved her and someone who she truly deserved. I didn’t deserve her.
“Do you Anna of Lawrence; take my son, Dean Winchester, the king of Lawrence to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
"Oh don't tell me, you're a servant for the lord." She asks, giggling slightly and i shrug and nod my head. That will do. "What are demons like then?"
“Kind… forgiving, nice, merciful.” He looks back up at me, wincing as if he thinks I’m going to hit him. I keep my face expressionless as I look down on him before finally turning away from him and sitting down at my desk with my back towards him.
"Hello." He said, the smile not leaving his face. His voice was smooth and polite and he spoke in a mannar which if i heard from a distance i would expect him to be a lot older than he looked. He seemed to be around my age, maybe a little older of around nine or ten summers but his eyes looked older, as if they had seen more than they should have.
"I do, your grace. I can understand why you would get angry and be wary of me but i promise you that i never hurt your husband or any angel for that matter, or nor ever will i." Dean smiled at Leliel and she nods before turning around, whispering out an 'excuse me' and exiting the room. Me and Dean stand in my study awkwardly before he finally breaks the silence.
"What?" She asks, reaching out the grab the box but i pull it away from her and motion her to put her hand down.
"Sire, I believe a baby is crying in your room!" He explains and I nod at him and look back at baby girl
“I mean… no! I didn’t mean like that!” He stuttered and went bright red in the face. I started laughing loudly, clutching my sides and throwing my whole body into it while the young angel muttered something under his breath. “I meant-“
"I had other things on my mind while writing it okay?" I say through gritted teeth but he doesn't look like he believes me.
“D-Val, you scared me.” He says, wiping his nose and eyes quickly. I didn’t say anything but I climbed onto his knee and clung onto him, resting my head on his chest. His arms wrapped around me, making me feel safe and warm and he rocked side to side with me like dada used to do when I was really little. “It’s okay Val, dada will calm down soon.” He whispers to me but I can’t help but think he was telling it more to himself then to me. Reassuring himself that dada would be back soon.
"You have been spending way to much time with her lately." I sigh and shake my head. "How does she even know what séx is?"
"I'm a demon, I lie sometimes. Look it doesn't matter, all that matters I that all I have to do is mark Castiel and he will be mine. No other demon will be able to touch him."
I suddenly stopped dead in my tracks when I heard somebody singing; a nursery rhyme that I sung for my little girl when she was still in Leliel's stomach.
"I don't get your slang, Sam. Please stop using it; it is only making me even more confused than I already am!" I snap at him and he raises his hands up in defeat.
"Yes. Yes i do, she's... my wife." I didn't know what else to say so i just scratch the back of my head awkwardly and bite my lip like i normally do when i feel awkward.
"Cas!" I heard Dean whisper from behind me and I groan and turn around to find his head poking back through the slit in the tent.
"Any news on the demon traitor and the nasty angel king, your majesty?" Crowley bowed down low and i lean back in his throne with my leg up over the arm of it casually.
“How can you love me when we haven’t seen each other in five years Dean? You’re a damned liar, a demon, I could never love something like you.”
"All of you, get back to work this instant!" Screamed the demon cook at the angels who all snapped back into action. "Someone clean this glass up, we can't have the prince's treading on it."
I put a curse on you now and forever more. Every 18 years from now you will see a child. A child in a coat as red as blood. A child with eyes bluer than the sky, a child who's hair is as dark as coal and you will recognise her as your own. But you will never be able to get to her. You will never be able to speak to her and you will never be able to touch her.
"No. Both his majesty and his highness have summoned me and I don't know which one to go into?" I say angrily and both the guards start laughing loudly. I fold my arms over my chest and look down at the ground moodily.
“Please, we haven’t done anything wrong.” Says a smaller girl. Her wings had obviously not grown fully yet and none of them were wearing angel armour. They were clearly not warriors but yet normal angels who were just in hiding from us demons. “Please your majesty.”
"Look, I can talk to my father so it will just be me from now on." He says finally and I look at him suspiciously.
“I know why you don’t love me anymore Castiel.” I tell him, trying not to cry and he looks at me quickly. “It because of the demon prince isn’t it?”
The funeral was beautiful and heart-wrenching, especially as so many people attended. It just proved how many lives Leliel had touched during her time of living. But she was back up in heaven now, her true home and I just hoped that she is happier up there then she was down here, especially with such an awful husband like me. I couldn't help but feel guilty during the entire funeral, like I shouldn't be here. Leliel and I ended on such bad terms that I couldn't help but feel like I didn't belong here, I didn't fit into the same room as her beautiful human body. I shed a few tears that night and went to bed more lonely then I had ever been before. I clung at the sheets for dear life as I closed my eyes and dreamt of possibilities of how she died. The one that propped up the most was that some demon had come and slaughtered her before taking my daughter and running off with her for her to become a slave in later life.
"You okay?" I asked him so it would take his mind of it for a moment. His eyes shot open and he looked at me before nodding his head. "I told you it hurt."
"Father, you're all knowing." I chuckle but my smile quickly drops when I see him shaking his head solemnly.
"Exactly!" I shout and people around the hall jump back slightly at the sound of my anger. I hadn't noticed the doors open and the angels bringing in two demons until this moment when one of the demons coughed awkwardly at the silence. I turn to them and my eyes fall on Dean who is being held tightly by one of the guards. He looks up and his own eyes land on mine, no expression or emotion on his face, just staring.
“I can’t tell you that either. I’m not meant to mention anything but if you went to see him I’m sure that it would make him a little better you know….” I bite my lip and place both my hands behind my head turning away from him. “Please Dean, just once will do.”
“Amazing! I know!” She giggles and I laugh humourlessly. She frowns at me and walks over to me slowly before sitting on the bed next to me. “Are you okay? You’ve seemed a bit off all day.”
"I swear down on my little brothers life." He crosses his heart and raises his hands up in defeat. I nod at him and sigh.
Once people started knowing about Valentina the more assassins were sent to the castle to kill her. All of them so far got caught straight away and sentenced to death but I knew it was only a matter of time before one actually got into my chambers and tried killing her. That time was coming close, I could almost feel it.
I groaned loudly as I got up out of my bed, rubbing my head to try and relieve it of the pain due to the night before hand. I still hadn’t picked a wife but I suppose I would just go for the most popular and curvy demon at the ball just to make father happy. I walked over to where slaves had laid out my breakfast and sat down at my small dining table and began eating slowly. However, my breakfast was interrupted by my door being swung open to reveal the same cocky little angel from yesterday carrying a mass of clothes that covered his face so he couldn’t see. I smirked at the angel, almost laughing out loud as he nearly fell over three times when trying to balance the clothes and walk at the same time.
However, sometimes dada and papa would fight and they wouldn’t go upstairs together, only one would and the other would stay downstairs with me so I couldn’t go outside and play. I got angry with them once because their fight went on for three whole days and I didn’t like them not speaking to each other. I couldn’t remember fully what they were fighting about but I knew it was something to do with me and not being able to go out. When they made up again they took me out to the beach early in the morning so not many people were out and walked on the sand with me while I ran about, pretending that the mermaids in the sea were chasing me. It was extremely fun but I was very sad when they said that we had to leave because people were starting to come out of their houses.
"Cas, no! Please stop it." The demon cries, i can almost hear the tears but they were not as loud as mine. "Can't you see, it wasn't him!"
“Marry her instead.” Gabriel says quickly after composing himself and just before Leliel walks back into the castle. She turns around and looks at Castiel before winking and walking back inside. Castiel turns to Gabriel and nods his head.
"Castiel, why don't you introduce me to your guest." She says to me, blushing lightly at Dean's actions.
“I’m the king, Leliel. I have to go.” I say before jumping on my horse. She tries dragging me back down but I grab her wrists and tear her off me, looking at her sternly.
"Thank you blessed God!" She cried when she saw who grabbed her and I hugged her tightly before stabbing someone behind her. "Castiel, I have something to tell you-"
“And I you, Gabriel.” I say, nodding at the guard for him to leave. I was perfectly safe with this angel. “What can I do for you? I think Sam is in his chambers.” I wink at him slightly and he coughs awkward and looks down.
"Yeah. That's what people in love do. Well, thats what my fathers do when they think i'm not looking. But i don't mind when they kiss in front of me, it makes me realise how happy they are together, despite all the arguing."
"I'm sneaky when I want to be angel, and tonight I was feeling particularly sneaky." I grin at him again as he rubs his eyes and looking at me like a confused puppy. Without a second thought I lean down and kiss him passionately but gently, not wanting to take too much from him all at once and wanting up to wake up a bit first.
He looks over at Dean who has not gone a deathly pale, his eyes still as dark as a winters night. He let's go of my hand and walks up to Dean, looking at him and putting a hand over Deans eyes which made the blackness drip out of them and turned back into his bright green ones.
“You should have called for me Leliel, I would have come down to you. You shouldn’t have walked up all them stairs.”
"No, it's time that i started living my life back to normal again. I need to get back into the routine of things." I say and he smiles and reaches out to open the door. We walk in and i look around, a flood of memories washing over me like tsunami. I bit back a sob and put on a brave face as i walked through my chambers until i got to the bedroom and placed a hand on one of the bed posts, leaning on it slihtly until i put my forehead against it. I felt Dean come up behind me and wrap his arms around my waist, resting his chin on my shoulder and kissing the side of my neck slightly. I sighed and turned to face him. This was it. This was the first time i was going to be able to kiss Dean Winchester again. He smiled as i leant forwards and he did the same. Both of us closing out eyes before our lips touched, sending shivers running through my whole body. Dean pressed harder against my lips and ran a tongue along my bottom one, begging me to grant me enterance. I brought my hands up to his head and tugged and pulled on his hair as i opened my mouth to let his tóngue slide in. He tugs on my waist to pull my body closer to his until literally every part of one another is touching the other. There is silence in the room and all that can be heard is the sound of heavy breathing through out noses and wet noises coming from out mouths.
"No it won't! I've lost my only friend in the whole wide world and he didn't even say good bye! He just flew off without a backwards glance." He cried without looking up and tried shrugging my arm off his shoulders but I just tightened my grip on him, letting his own eyes leak that salty fluid for his lost friend. After a while the hall emptied, leaving only a few still slaved angels and royal demons still murmuring softly to themselves.
“Wha-? Ohhh, I see. You’re the king.” She starts laughing and wipes a fake tear away from her eye. “That’s awkward.” Castiel mumbles something under his breath about the woman and Gabriel gives him a suggestive eyebrow wiggle.
Sam stood up suddenly which made my hand fall limply off his shoulders. He looked down at me and smiled half-heartedly as if to say thanks before walking away from me, leaving me finally by myself. I sighed and placed my arms behind me, resting on them as I looked up at the broken window.
"No problem. I'll leave you to give you some privacy." With that I stand up and walk over to him, kissing him gently before walking out of my chambers and leaving my slave, no, my lover to bathe in my bath.
"You will pay!" He screams at the white-winged angel. "You and all your brothers and sisters will pay for what you have done to my wife." Michael ignores him and turns his back on the king, walking back out onto the battlefield. His Majesty looks down at the ash on the trodden ground and weeps for his fallen wife, weeps for his young children who now has no mother and weeps selfishly for himself who has lost the only being he has ever loved. The angels will pay, they will pay dearly and in agony.
"That's what i'm doing little bird." He tells me and i can hear the grin dripping from his voice. He keeps going agonisingly slow and i claw at the bedsheets and bite the pillow, moaning softly. Once all the way in, he stills for a moment to let me get used to him even though i was used to him, i've been used to him for over 15 years now, actually it was more closer to 20 or 25 years seen as i knew him and had fucked him long before Valentina was born.
Another hit, blowing smoke out without looking up. It’s a dismissal, clear as day. Dean is gone before they can soften it. No matter. They don’t need to worry about his feelings--he sure as hell doesn’t worry about theirs. He was mild today, no outbursts or hurled insults, but that just makes the bad days harder to deal with.
“But it’s different,” Cas says, growing agitated. Sam leans forward across the table, brow furrowed, clearly just as frustrated as Cas.
“I think we have more important shit right now, Cas,” Dean snaps, rubbing at the back of his neck and gesturing towards Sam. Castiel gives him an annoyed look, but moves to help Sam all the same. He lets out a breath of relief.
Oh. Yeah, Bobby had mentioned that John and Mary lived close by, as well as the Harvelle’s. Dean hadn’t thought much of it once Cas was mentioned.
Cas responds with his address and Dean plugs his phone in, glancing at the clock. It’s three in the morning. He rubs at his face and heads into the bathroom. He’s pretty clumsy with only one arm, but he manages to wash his face and change into pajama pants without causing any problems for himself.
“Not to comment on somethin’ that’s none of my business, Cas--can I call you that?” He pauses, and Castiel nods shortly, a small smile on his lips. “Cas, your boyfriend sounds like a dick.” Cas looks at him steadily, something shifting behind his blue eyes that Dean can’t quite name. Then, he’s looking away again.
“The vampire called you my boyfriend,” Cas says softly. When his breath spills over Dean’s cheeks, it smells clean. Minty. Familiar. Dean has tasted that before. He fights the urge to lean forward and kiss the apprehension off of Castiel’s face.
“I gave the guy your number,” Sam tells him as they drive home, breaking the silence and reading Dean’s glum thoughts. “I wouldn’t wait on him, though. He wasn’t very happy when I started talking to him. He just sat there and stared straight ahead until his buddy got back. It was kind of creepy, actually. I don’t think you two would work out anyways.” Dean makes a noncommittal noise and nods, staring out the window. Sam gets the message, turning up the radio and finishing the rest of the drive in silence.
“Go change,” he orders, cracking his book open and pretending to be able to read. He’s too dizzy. The words swim in front of his eyes. “I’m not marrying you in those socks.”
“Well, that’s enough cause for a riot.” Dean sighs something that sounds like ‘hmphglr.’ Castiel shifts uneasily at the hand that Cas leaves on Dean’s arm. Dean doesn’t shrug him off.
“I’ve disappointed him too. So does Jack, so did mom. Just like he has disappointed you, and me, and Jack, and mom.”
“You call this peace?” Dean asks, eyes flashing dangerously as he gestures at the ruined joint. Cas guesses that if they could smell it anymore, it would reek. “This isn’t peace, Cas. It’s sedation.”
“Dean,” Benny starts, but Dean whirls on him, blade arm outstretched. Benny raises his eyebrows. Dean swallows thickly and drops his arm. “Are you even sure he’s alive?”
“What did you need?” Cas asks, trying to seem unbothered. They raise the joint to their lips and take a shallow puff, already feeling the familiar lightness creeping into the back of their head, the tightness behind their eyes.
Dean hops off the table, plants a kiss on the top of Castiel’s head, and half skips out of the room. Cas smiles.
Still, they’re high. Too high to participate in an active raid. But if something goes wrong, they should be there to help, right? They can just ride in the back of Chuck’s car. He’s no snitch. Dean will never know they were there.
“The cafeteria is literally on this floor, Dean. Your arm is screwed up, not your legs. Get something yourself. I’ve got to fill this out.” Dean clicks his tongue, whistling through his teeth and staring moodily at the floor.
. They breathe in deeply, letting the smoke curl, filling their lungs and almost blackening the edge of their vision before they let it out and shake their head at him.
He goes quiet for a long time. Benny wonders if he’s ended his prayer or he could’ve realized Benny was eavesdropping and he’s going to kill him in his sleep. But Dean just sniffs a little and shifts uncomfortably.
“Cas says you’re legit. You’re really...past him.” Castiel braces himself for the ‘but I’m not so sure.’ It never comes. “I figure, if it’s good enough for Cas, it’s good enough for me.”
“Do you want to maybe go out for a bite sometime?” He holds his breath, his whole body tense, braced for an answer that doesn’t come. For a moment, Dean wonders if Cas hung up. He glances at his screen, and it says the call is active, so he brings it back to his face. This is torture. Total torture. Why is he just sitting there? Is he considering it? Or just trying to think of the easiest way to let Dean down?
They stay seated at the table, thinking about what Sam said, until the sun goes down and rises again. Until Dean emerges from his room with bedhead and a groggy ‘mornin’ sunshine.’ As though nothing happened. As though they didn’t spend half of the drive home from Omaha shouting at each other and the other half sitting in tense silence.
The nail of his thumb secures its spot under the cap. If he presses up at the right angle, with just enough pressure, it will pop off. He stares at it. Marvels at how it feels both foreign and all too familiar in his hand. He’s had a couple since his recovery, one wouldn’t hurt.
“Friends,” Cas whispers, an unwelcome reminder, but the word is a stark contrast to the tightening of the grip on his hip.
“I don’t think we will.” Cas is turned partly toward Dean and his fingers twitch on the arm of his chair. Dean flicks his gaze up to meet his eyes. Cas is watching him closely.
Sobriety inches it’s way back toward them, but they’re still a long way out from being able to handle a gun.
Dean's footsteps are loud as he walks out of the room. He stops at the bead curtain, and Cas wonders if he’s actually going to stay.
The woman standing in the road looks like she would’ve been middle aged, if Cas had to venture a guess, but the scabs over her skin make it hard to tell.
The cars begin moving forward once again, so Cas hands the radio back to Jo after grumbling a sarcastic “copy that” into it.
“Sure you’re not,” Chuck and Jo say at the same time, and it sounds rehearsed, something you say to appease a child. Cas is sick of feeling like a child today.
If figuring out his own emotions can be frustrating, placing Dean’s is next to impossible. Over the years, Cas has learned to use body language to help figure out what Dean is feeling. Folded arms mean he’s defensive, whereas fiddling hands mean he’s anxious. If the line between his eyes deepens but the rest of his face remains impassive, he’s in deep thought. When he is angry, his jaw tightens and he stiffens, draws himself up like a soldier.
They towel dry their hair but leave it wet. Dean has already been waiting for long enough and an invitation to his room like this is few and far between these days.
“Sammy,” Dean interrupts. He really doesn’t want to get into this right now. “Go get me somethin’ to eat, wouldja?” Sam scowls at him, breathing out sharply.
Castiel glances at Cas, expecting him to look surprised at Dean’s easy trust. He doesn’t even blink.
“And if I ask you to stop coming without telling you why?” Dean looks away from the road for long enough to make brief eye contact, long enough to tear Cas apart from the inside.
“Yeah, yeah.” Jo rolls her eyes. “You’re a cosmic beam of light or whatever. It’s the end of the world. You’re just as screwed as me, remember?”
Cas watches Dean trudge by them without sparing either of them a glance, and sighs as the sound of his bedroom door slamming is audible from the kitchen.
Castiel feels his lips part in surprise at the certainty in his voice. Of course. His Dean barely lets him hang around now, with his grace fully intact.
Dean stares at him. Heaven pushed him back a couple of years, or maybe it’s just the fact that his grace is fully intact for the first time since they met. He looks healthier, stronger. More sure of himself.
Cas makes a wounded noise, lurching toward the floor as though to rescue it, but Dean shoves them back. They go easily, partly because they’re stoned, partly because they don’t have the strength to do much at all anymore, and partly because it’s Dean, and their body is a traitor that refuses to fight against him.
They’ve always been Cas and Dean. They never needed to talk about it. They still don’t. It’s the end of the world, anyway, they’re just passing the time. Each moment that passes is borrowed, there’s no reason to make things difficult by talking too much. They never thought about it before, besides a few moments of weakness, when one of them has one drink too many, and the other pretends they don’t remember it in the morning.
“Like you said, that is none of your business.” Dean recognizes the tense tone and knows he shouldn’t push the subject. “This one is a little personal,” Cas warns, glancing over the sheet. Dean nods, shifting to read over Castiel’s shoulder. “Do you have a history of issues with addiction to medication?” Dean shakes his head, and Castiel checks the ‘no’ box. “Have you ever been diagnosed with alcoholism?” Cas has the pen hovering over the ‘no’ box again, but when Dean doesn’t answer, he turns and looks up at him.
“D’you remember that, Cas? God, I laughed so hard,” Dean is saying, his head tilted back against the tree he’s using to prop himself up. Benny lays on his back, staring at the starless sky. He has no idea whether Dean knows he is listening. “And you had no idea what you did wrong, either. You were so clueless back then. Well, you’re barely any better now, I guess.” There’s a smile in his voice and he grabs his blade through the dirt, drawing random shapes. “I think we’re gettin’ close to finding you. I don’t know why, but I think I can feel it. I should make you take me to a strip club when we get home. See if you’ve improved your game any. Alright, I’m signing off. Talk to you tomorrow. G’night.”
“I guess Benny--I told you about Benny the other night, the vamp--he makes it better sometimes. At least I’m not sitting here on my own, goin’ crazy, right? And I think I can trust him. I think he can actually get us out of here. So, you gotta come back Cas, okay? You just--” Dean’s voice breaks and Benny feels bad for listening now, as though he’s cracked opened Dean’s diary. He can’t bring himself to stop, though. He’s never seen Dean vulnerable like this. “I need you to come back. ‘Cause you’re comin’ with, or I’m not leaving. I’m not leaving you here, man.”
“I preferred you before you learned sarcasm,” Dean says. Cas smiles bemusedly, gesturing for him to continue. “Ijustthinkyoushouldchangeyourlastnametowinchester.”
“What a treat,” the creature snarls, sneering down at him. “Dean Winchester. I’m gonna kill the Michael Sword,” it says in a sing-song voice. Dean, still breathing hard, twists under its grasp, turning to look for some backup.
“You gonna get me killed looking for that son of a bitch, Winchester?” Dean’s jaw tightens. “Maybe he don’t wanna be found, you ever think about that?”
“Yeah, well, it takes out more of them at once. It saves ammo. And I didn’t think anybody was gonna be lighting up on the way there, or I would’ve marked it,” Dean says, shoulders tight.
The next time Benny overhears it, it’s because Dean wakes him up by throwing something into a tree on the other side of the clearing they’re camped in. Benny jerks awake, eyes wide and searching for the threat, but all he sees is Dean yanking the blade out of the tree and slamming the palm of his hand against the bark.
“I’m staying in the car the whole time,” they promise. Still, Chuck doesn’t drive. Someone honks. On the radio, Dean’s voice crackles to life, sounding agitated already.
“As friends,” Cas says finally. Dean fights the urge to roll his eyes, even though Cas wouldn’t see him if he did. If he has to be a friend, he’ll be a friend. It’s better than being nobody.
“Sammy, you up?” he calls through the door, knocking a couple of times. There’s no response. He cracks the door open and peeks inside. The TV is on and some old western lights up the room. Sam is sleeping on his back. Dean is about to close the door and back out, but then he sees Sam’s phone on the bed next to him. It’s not plugged in. Dean sighs, slipping into the room and grabbing the phone to plug it in. He doesn’t mean to look at the notification, but it lights up as he plugs it into the wall.
At least ten seconds of silence pass where Cas holds their breath. He could rip into them with everyone listening, make an example out of someone who doesn’t know how to be a good soldier. There’s a crackle as the radio comes back to life, and Chuck covers his face as they await Castiel’s fate.
Behind them, each of the cars in the convoy screech to sudden stops. Somehow, there’s no sound of metal on metal collision.
“Hello,” Castiel responds, a small smile gracing his lips. The smile only grows when Dean can’t help but return it. “My apologies for startling you. I just overheard, and--”
Cas takes a sip of the beer that they can’t even taste. It would take far more of it to actually give them any sort of buzz, anyways. They only drink them to feel less out of place in the bunker. To seem, from the outside at least, like they fit in there.
They don’t talk much after that. Surely Jo and Chuck are wondering whether they will get in trouble for not only letting Cas tag along, but for letting him get ahold of the radio and broadcasting it to everyone else. As they near their destination, Cas begins rethinking their plan to wait in the car.
She shocks a smile out of them, but the sound of a gunshot from the front of the line snaps them back into real life.
“He’s not going without me,” Cas snaps in reply. Still, no movement. Finally, Cas scowls and pulls their gun from their pocket. Chuck’s eyebrows shoot up. “I can drive too, you know. Whose life do you think means more to me? His or yours?”
Castiel feels sick. How far he has fallen...This is beyond defiance of unjust orders, this is sacrilege. He searches wildly for a change in subject.
“That’s another thing,” Dean says, shifting roughly into drive and pulling back onto the road, eyes on the rearview mirror to make sure everyone else follows. “You
“Go,” they tell him. He scampers out of the room, giving Dean as wide a berth as possible on his way through the curtain. Dean is still standing stock still, blinking at them.
“You have food all over your face, Dean.” Before he can use his sleeve to wipe it off, Cas has grabbed a napkin from the bag and is wiping at his cheek as though it’s the most normal thing in the world. Dean stares at him, his mouth half open and his food forgotten. Cas hesitates, the napkin hovering over Dean’s face, and another moment passes that makes it so hard to not kiss him.
Cas gets out of the car and slides the safety off. The croat looks at them, tilting her head back and forth, and then takes a few staggered steps toward them.
“What are you doing in here?” they ask tiredly, barely sparing the man a glance before turning their back on him and taking a long hit. They’d hoped that the question would be an obvious dismissal, but when they turn around and let the smoke out of their mouth, he’s smiling lazily at them, stretching out like he owns the place. He’s definitely been invited in more than once, Cas can remember that much, but not enough for him to think that
“You called me.” Dean would hang up the phone out of embarrassment if Cas didn’t have that patiently amused tone in his voice. But he does. Dean can almost see him, one eyebrow quirked and the ghost of a smile on his lips. “Dean?” Cas sounds concerned now. Dean almost hits himself upside the head. He hasn’t said anything! He’s been walking around in circles and thinking about the way Castiel’s lips look when he smiles and not saying anything! Like an idiot.
“Slow down, you’ll choke,” Cas chides him. He rolls his eyes, licking his lips and handing the burger back to him so he can peel more of the wrapper back.
“You kiddin’?” He touches Castiel’s face lightly. “I wanted to see you.” Cas’ gaze softens and he smiles, but it disappears quickly.
“What the hell is taking them so damn long anyway,” Dean grumbles. Cas glances at him. He came over straight from the garage and didn’t bother changing before taking his spot next to Cas on the couch, so he’s still sitting in his grease smeared jeans and the brown uniform top that has a nametag with his name hanging precariously from the torn fabric. A woman on the TV reminds them all that Kansas has not yet legalized gay marriage, as though they don’t know that already.
The people in the crowd on the TV look just like their small room. Some are dancing and kissing and shouting and hugging, others are getting jostled around as they stare at the courthouse, smiling with tears streaming.
Dean swings his legs over the edge of the bed, holds the phone between his cheek and his neck, and rubs at his eyes, and then a deep voice is coming to life from his phone.
He isn’t sure what he expects. For Sam to tell him to get out, or to laugh at him, or to ask if this is some joke. At the very least, he expects Sam to look surprised. Instead, he takes another measured drink and nods.
“But now he-“ Castiel likes his lips and tries again. “He loves you?” Something passes over Cas’ face, but he just tilts his head to the side.
The next few minutes are a blur. His hand comes up to cup Castiel’s jaw. He’s walking them backward. Cas lets out a small ‘oof’ when his back hits the wall. It starts off lazy, propped up against the wall without any reason to rush. Dean isn’t quite sure when it takes a turn, but in less than a second Cas switches gears from sweet to desperate. He rucks Dean’s shirt up and his hands are everywhere. Suddenly, Dean’s the one against the wall and—and then a phone rings, and it’s over.
They can’t do much to protect anybody from inside of a car that’s not even at the front of the line. Who knows if they’ll even know if something goes wrong? After over an hour of driving and imagining a million different scenarios that all end with Dean dead, Cas is decided. When they come to a stop and Cas moves as though to follow Jo out of the car, she shakes her head.
Jo grabs the radio and bullshits about an ammo box being loose. Meanwhile, Chuck is looking at Cas over his shoulder.
“...won’t work again. I tried turning it off and back on again. I just want to watch the damn game.” Cas turns his head, and god, his chest restricts. Dean’s soul is so bright, so beautiful and just the way Cas rebuilt it, over a decade ago. His grace fizzles out and he’s looking at just Dean again. Just as beautiful, but different.
“Tough shit,” Dean mutters, not feeling bad at all. All he cares about is getting home, getting in bed, and pretending he never met a very pretty man with very blue eyes.
They entertain themselves by covering up their left ear and listening to the way the sound is garbled. They lost most of their hearing in their right ear in a particularly ugly raid, and nobody really knows how it happened. Cas is just glad it doesn’t hurt.
“I told you. I need to be focused out there, or else I’m putting everybody else in danger,” Dean says, as though that explains anything. Cas shakes their head, finished wiping away the blood, but leaving their hand against his cheek, thumb swiping absentmindedly under his eye.
This is when they will forgive and ask for forgiveness. This is penance and exoneration. It’s I’m sorry for everything and it’s me too. It’s the closest thing they have left to grace. Maybe they have had this grace the whole time, and they were both too angry to see it. It doesn’t matter anymore.
Dean can’t help it, he lets out a cynical bark of a laugh. Castiel hears him. He turns on him, an uncharacteristic scowl on his face. Dean raises his eyebrows, and Cas glares at him for a moment more before continuing to pace.
“I can’t believe you just laughed at me when I proposed to you, you dick,” he mutters. Cas chuckles again, the happy tears welling up again.
Gabriel, King of the angels and Sam, King of Lawrence made a pact and soon enough the two kingdoms were conjoined together. However this did not last long as angels and demons did not work well together and after a millennia, the kingdoms fell. Angels either went up to heaven or stayed in earth to become guardians of the Homo sapiens. Demons either got banished to hell by someone of higher power than them of stayed on earth to wreak havoc wherever they went.
"No, I can't imagine that you do." I hold my hand out for her to take and with that we walk out of the hall together, hand in hand. Suddenly I stop and look at her. She stops also and stares back at me again, tilting her head to the left slightly. "Is something wrong?"
"I will tell you anything you want to know Cas." I say softly, not wanting to say anything that might make him upset. He just nods at me but doesn't say anything else for a while and i am suspecting that he is probably thinking of something to say.
A few months later and I had already met Castiel a few other times. Every time he would talk to me about the angels and tell me new and interesting things about them and their wings and how they went about their day to day lives. He or I would always have to leave mid-conversation however because one of his men or my nanny would call one of us to go back. I wasn't scared or embarrassed of him anymore; in fact I really enjoyed his company. He was one of those beings that brought you calmness and happiness by just being in their presence which is probably one of the main reasons why I enjoyed speaking to him so much. I never talked about myself because I was too interested in what he had to say to even bother talking about my boring princess life, I just enjoyed sitting on the wall and listen to him talk. Sometimes when I look at him while he is speaking I can picture my father, talking about his time before he had me, almost nostalgic in a sense.
"No helping." I grit my teeth again and go back to looking at the doors. I didn't actually know what Prince Dean wanted whereas I knew exactly what the king wanted and he had told me that I was "going to get it tonight" when he had caught me shoving jewels into his throne. Yep, I had made my choice. Dean it was. I turned on my heel and walked towards Prince Deans doors and the guard at his door whooped.
"My papa says he knows you. He says that he has been up there before and used to speak with you and walk with you and do other things but he won't tell me what." She giggles and i look at her even more curiously.
“I should go; I guess I will see you tomorrow for the big day.” I smile and nod at her before she comes over and gives me a quick kiss on the lips.
"Stop it Castiel, this is not funny. You leave without a word and now you think you can just come back and say that everything will be alright?" She snaps at me, walking around my bed and sitting down on it with her back facing towards me. I sigh and crawl onto the bed and sit behind her, placing my hand on her shoulder.
I got woken up during the night by loud screams coming from the cot. I groan and roll out of bed, crawling over to the screaming crib and bending over it to see baby girl crying her little eyes out. I glare at her slightly as there is a knock at my door.
"Oh..." I can feel a blush creep up on my face when I looked at him and wondered why. I never blushed in front of him before so why now? His bright green eyes seemed like they were bearing right into my soul but I couldn't find the strength to look away from him. He smiled suddenly and rubbed my wet hair with his hand before getting up.
"Err no, I mean err, I was just cleaning your living quarters and I was just about to take these down to the washroom." I stammered out and the king tapped his food impatiently. "I'll go now."
We got to the edge of the woods in about two hours and i quickly hurried in, leaving Marian behind to call after me. I stop beside where she normally sits in the woods and tap my food imaptiently as she slowly comes trudging up to me, putting a blacket on the ground and plomping herself down in it. I sit with her for a few minutes, knowing that she will only make me anyway before asking if i can go off (not too far) on my own for a while. She grunts and nods before laying back on the blanket and shutting her eyes, collecting in the heat from the sun. I hold back a giggle and quietly tip-toe out of sight, going towards the border. I knew it was wrong because my dada told me it was but i couldn't help but go near it. I smile as i approach the border and sit on the wall which seperates my daddy's kingdom to the angel kingdom, looking into the angel valley. I squint my eyes and smile as i see the highest point of the angel castle. I came here with my dada once and he told me that the highest point is where King Castiel's study was, where he paces and sometimes jumps off the balcony that is attatched to it and starts flying.
"YOUR MAJESTY!" A voice shouted from the doorway and I swung around to find one of my advisors stood there.
“Don’t think like that brother.” He comes over to me and places a hand on my shoulder. “Is there anything that may make you feel any better?”
A knock at my door woke me from my slumber and I got up too see who it was after rubbing the sleep out of my eyes. I yawned as I padded bare feet towards the door and opened it to find Sam stood outside. I looked at him in shock before looking down the hallways to see if anyone saw him.
“Shut up Winchester.” He leans down and places his lips down on mine eagerly, biting and sucking on my bottom lip. I gasp when his hand reaches in between my legs and palms me softly which gives him chance to slide his tongue into my mouth and explore around as if he had never done this with me before. I put my arms above my head and he holds them with his spare hand while his other one is busy trying to slide my leggings down. When he finally gets them off without breaking the heated kiss he breaks apart for a quick send to pull my tunic over my head and leans back down again. I spin us around so I’m sat on his clothed body completely naked myself and smirk down at him. His face his red and his lips are swollen, his hair was a hot mess and his ears were burning from passion.
"Yeah, I don't know how to get her to shut up." I say as he walks over to me and looks down at the little girl in the crib.
And with that, Castiel smiled back. Not a sad smile, even though it had a hint of sadness in it but a happy smile. They looked back at the little girl in her father’s arms, smiling. Smiling for the little girl they had lost so long ago but also smiling for the future that was now ahead of them, for the other obstacles that they would have to battle. Because, love is boring if there is nothing worth fighting for. If by any chance they were in another life where they could live in perfect harmony together, loving each other day in and day out, where would the fun be in that?
"Took you long enough." I spit out, he clicks his fingers and his guards grab a hold of me and drag me off towards the dungeons. I look behind me towards where the king is still stood and start laughing. "You'll regret this demon, you and all of your little followers will regret ever enslaving any angel! You will pay for what you have done to our kind!"
“He’s fifteen summers old, Balthazar.” I say to guard and he shrugs his shoulders before chucking Sam on the by my feet. I sigh and kneel down in front of him and he looks back up at me and then behind me at Gabriel who is looking at him in shock. It looked as if Sam never did find Gabriel’s tent.
"Yeah, well that angel daddy of yours is over a billion and your demon daddy is only 40 so...." I shrug and her smile widens.
"Okay." I mutter out, not lifting my head off the pillow and i feel pops pulling dad away from me, even though he was reluctant to go.
"For something else? Do you even know how hard it is to get one of these?" I snap and her eyes fill with tears, her bottom lip trembling.
"Hello there princess!" I say loudly and the little curly black haired and blue eyes girl turned around excitedly and jumped up happily.
I recognised the voice of God but i didn't know what it meant. What all relies on me? What did he mean by that? Suddenly, from somewhere in the forest there was a shrill scream. I turned around quickly and my cold but slowly warming heart almost stopped in my chest.
"Morning grumpy pants." He coos and I growl at him again, trying to push him off me. "Now now, don't be like that angel." He murmurs into my ear before trailing kissing down my neck. I give him another shove and she chuckles into my jaw before biting into my skin gently.
"Because I'm begging you too. Id rather have an ignorant prince controlling my brother rather then that sick, twisted, powerful sarder!" Me and Sam gasped at his words against the king and our father. It was treason to speak about him in such manners but I understood how he felt. I felt sick the the stomach by what I had just seen but it wasn't as if I could do anything about it, it wasn't as if I could do as Gabriel suggested and make Castiel mine. Could I?
Castiel pulled away from Dean and Dean watched as Castiel swallowed and smirked at him, the corners of his mouth twitching up mischievously. Dean shook his head and shuddered with the after-math of pleasure before reaching out a hand and pulling Castiel back up to meet him face to face. Dean then pulled his trousers back up and went back to looking at Castiel who was stood close to him. He put his hands on the dark haired man’s waist and once again put his forehead against his, sighing contently.
The whole way back, Valentina was talking about the puppet show and which aspects she liked the best of it. She told us the whole story while Dean grumbled under his breath about 'being there' and 'yes, i've seen it'. I just smiled fondly at her and listened to what she had to say. When she had finished i reached into the basket and pulled out an apple to give to her.
"See, i'm unarmed now." I tell her, smiling slightly and her shoulders seem to relax slightly. She looks up into my eyes and i see they are vivid blue, they are beautiful and contrast stupendously against the frosty snow that is lying on the ground and trees. "What is your name?" I ask her carefully but she just shakes her head and bites he lip before squeaking something out.
"She could be a very powerful little angel." He says before disappearing right in front of our very eyes. Dean finally let's out a breath of air that he probably didn't know he was holding and looks at me.
It wasn't a bad kind of electricity, it was exciting, it was... different. I hadn't felt this kind of power before. It must be the power running through her and onto me, if so, i would keep holding her hand until i sap the energy out of her.
I didn't know what to do with the information that I had been given. He was the King of the Angels? The overlord? He was the Crowley of the whole angel race and here was me, just a pitiful demon prince. I didn't deserve him, I didn't deserve someone so powerful and beautiful and he doesn't love me back, he was just saying that as part of his ruse to get information about the demons. I should have been angry at him for lying to me but who could blame him? Why would he tell me when I couldn't be trusted? I was a demon and he was an angel and nothing would change that. Me and him would have never have worked anyway and I had to accept that face. I wasn't angry at him but more at myself for letting my walls come tumbling down and letting him into my life and into my heart. I brought a hand up to my face and wiped it, bringing it back down to look at him and was shocked when I saw that they were wet. My whole face was wet and my eyes were leaking. I tasted the water that was pouring from my eyes and it was salty, bitter substance. I sniffed and wiped my eyes of the water that was leaking from them, coughing slightly and then swallowing to get rid of the lump that had formed in my throat.
"What are you doing out here? It's freezing." He shivers and I nod my head before walking into my study and shutting doors behind Dean.
"I think it was a demon. I think a demon followed her from the border and set something on her or even tried fighting her him or herself. Then they took my daughter and ran away with her, wanting to turn her into a slave for when she grows up." I tell him and he nods his head.
“Why did you not do that? That is who you treat angels who steal our jewels and decide to prank us by sticking them on our throne! Those diamonds were a gift from Crowley and now they have been spoiled by this scums unholy hand!” He spits at Castiel, glares at me and storms back out of the grand hall. I look down on Castiel who is curled up in a ball and whimpering slightly, holding his face in his hands. He looks up at me through the cracks in his fingers and I gulp slightly before extending a hand to him. He cowers away from me at first but once he realises that I am trying to help him up he reaches a hand out towards me. I’m part way through pulling him up when my father’s words hit me about not treating angels the same as us. I let go of his hand and he falls back down to the floor with a thud. I look down on him, showing no emotion on my face at all while he looks back up at me, pain flickering through his eyes. I scowl slight before turning on my heel and walking away.
I was sat in my assigned chambers with two guards sat outside my room. They were saying they were there for my safety but I knew that was utter crap, they were there to keep an eye on me because they didn’t trust me and why should they? I was a demon. Or at least I was half a demon; I still couldn’t get over the fact that my mother was an angel. I would have to face my father when I return to the palace to sort that little fact out.
"You want me to practice having intercourse before we marry? How am I meant to do that when there is no one to do it with?" I ask incredously.
“We are expecting the demon army to march again at noon, sire.” Michael says, bowing to me as I walk up to them. I nod my head and look at some official documents before I was interrupted by a guard.
"What now? Are you going to tell me that prince Sam wants to see me? Or perhaps one of the demon whores?" I snap and he puts his arms up in defiance and gives me a look of feigned shock.
"Whoa whoa!" I hear Dean call out a he holds me still to try and get me to take in my surroundings. "You fell asleep."
"What the hell?" I say when I open my eyes and find him wearing my clothes that are slightly too big for him, a long regal cloak that drags behind him and my crown that is tilted slightly on his head. He is pulling a slight pose which makes me laugh loudly at his childishness.
“Don’t you dare talk about her in that way and yes, I would prefer it if you were a demon actually. Because then you would know how to act around me and you would probably be better in bed like all demons are.”
"Find him." I order harshly before sitting down on my throne and twiddling my angel blade in my hand. Within moments they came back and said that Crowley had arrived and I waved them to bring him in.
"Okay." She says after a minute or two of silence and suddenly i feel better, like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders.
“Why yes I am! My name is Samuel but you can call me Sam.” I hold a hand out for him to shake but he just looks at me, smirking slightly with his eyebrows now fully raised. After a moment of him just staring at me he chuckled and started shaking my hand.
“I don’t see anything.” He says and I grimace slightly. See? No room for beauty in their twisted minds.
“Excuse me?” I asked the young boy and he looked up at me in shock and quickly stood up. “You don’t happen to know where the kings quarters are?”
We start marching a few days after when my first in command, Alistair gets our demons fitted up and ready for battle. Sam follows us out of the gates and into battle but I tell him to go back.
"Un-do me." His voice was like a command which surprised me, not knowing that he could be so firm but I was quickly snapped out of my thoughts my Gabriel grabbing a letter opener from my fathers bedside table and cutting through the rope that bound Castiel. He sighed and rubbed his wrists before crawling out of the bed slowly.
"WAKE-UP YOUR HIGHNESS!" A guard shouted into my room and I groaned and rolled over to look at him angrily.
"What are you doing?" I chuckle loudly and he turns his head to look at me, his eyes glittering in mischief.
"Castiel, his majesty wishes to see you." A maid came in and told me before walking back out again. I groaned inwardly before another maid came in.
"You know what, i don't know." I say wonderously. "Why are there boy names and girl names when there could just be names? It doesn't matter what gender we are. Also, why can't we choose our own names when we are old enough to decide for ourselves, why must our parents or gaurdians choose for us?" He looks at me curiously, his full smile dropping just to a small, gentle one.
"Viola." He says proudly and I smile back at him. I sit down in the chair and watch him, resting my head on my hand as I do so. "What?"
"Nothing." I say, looking away from him slightly as i stand up and go over to the balcony and open the doors. Dean follows me outside and we stand looking out at the view. "Anything new?" I ask and he chuckles slightly.
“I’m supposed to hate you and in a way I do. But I can’t help be like you at the same time. You’re different to the other demons, to your father. You’re… kind.” He growls angrily and I can tell that I’ve angered him but I didn’t really care.
I grabbed my sword that I had hidden away in the armoury in case I ever needed it again and within the hour I was set to go off alone, leave the angel kingdom and live among the humans with my daughter. It was dark out and I knew most people would be in bed by now so I sneakily snuck out of the castle and towards a dark horse. I couldn’t fly as well anymore because I had the baby weighing me down so I had to ride a horse towards my destination. I just hoped that my little princess could stay put for a couple more weeks until I was in a safe place, I hoped and prayed that she would.
Half way to the demon city of Lawrence, I had to stop to rest my horse and myself by a long stream so we could both have a bit to drink. However when I bent down to scoop up some water in my hands I gasped and fell to my knees, gripping my stomach in pain. I screamed out in agony as I curled up into a fatal position, clutching my stomach and groaning loudly. I turned around and lay on my back before untying my dress and looking down at my stomach.
“You said something about my lips being kissable…” He is trying to hold back a grin but failing miserably as it finally breaks onto his face.
“Yes, we’re back father. So when were you going to tell us that we are half angel?” Sam asked, hissing at father angrily and I saw him stiffen before addressing his advisors.
"Tadaa!" I say, smiling broadly and Sam just rolls his eyes before getting up and trying to put the baby in the crib. "I wanna do it!" I tell him and he hands me her to gently put her down in the newly forged crib. I stand over it and watch her sleep with a certain calmness coming over me.
"I've already told you what to do with that Dean, marry him! Then angels and demons will be united!" He smiled happily and I shake my head at his ignorance.
A small part of me, a very small part, hoped that maybe Castiel would come to his sense. That he would see how much I loved his daughter and would remember how much I loved him. Maybe, just maybe, Cas, Val and I could just run away and be together. I didn't want to rule this kingdom anymore and Sam could easily run it more smoothly then I ever could have. I wasn't cut out to be a king; I was cut out to be a father, and a lover. I knew that Castiel would probably try and kill me as soon as I stepped into the Angel Kingdom but I couldn't stay cooped up in my castle, always wondering whether he would let me see her or not. The years of no communication had put up a blockade on mine and Castiel's relationship but that didn't mean that I still didn't love him, and maybe, just maybe he may still love me with the part of him that wasn't still angry at me for apparently killing his wife and kidnapping his daughter.
“They call me the trickster. My powers are meant to have drained by now but I still got a bit of juice left in me to play a few tricks.” He winks at me and I grin back at him.
“You will get it tonight, I swear it. You’re going to be punished little angel.” My father hisses and I wince at his words before he throws Castiel to the ground and turns to look at me.
"VALENTINA!!?" I hear a frantic shout coming from my house and stand up quickly, brushing myself down.
“You did, but that isn’t going to stop me from never letting you live this down. You’re pregnant to an angel who might be in love with a demon. That is priceless.” She laughs loudly and it echo’s down the halls while and ball my hands up into fists and shove her against the wall angrily.
“Oh Lucifer, please don’t let a child be in there.” I pray as I walk steadily over to it a look down. I sigh and grimace. “Alright, thanks Lucifer, I pray to you and this is what you give me. The exact think I wished not to see.” Inside the basket was a baby girl, with raven curly hair and big blue eyes. I had to admit she was a cute little thing so I knelt down and picked her up, cradling her to my chest and cooing at her before looking around for any sign of its mother or father.
Me and Dean are sat having breakfast at the table and chairs in my chambers. I keep looking up at him but looking away when he looks back at me. He's starting to get suspicious so he sighs and puts his fork down on the table.
"What did he mean by 'where our hearts truly lie,' Father?" I asked him and he suddenly flicks his gaze to me, fury written across his face.
"How am i meant to experience the world if you won't let me do things on my own?" I explain and he raises an eyebrow.
I just told my mum that this was English homework…. GOD SAVE MY SOUL OMG! I’M WRITING FANFICTION AND NOW SHE THINKS IM WRITING ENGLISH HOMEWORK WTF! GUYS THIS IS HILARIOUS
I just wish that I would not have to see her every 18 years. It was heart breaking and I had no one to talk to about it. I knew Dean would see her too but he had Sam. I suppose I could go to Gabriel but I had absolutely no idea where he was either. I was all alone.
On the other hand, lucy had told me we could meet today by the old tree stump so i had other things on my mind rather than my dad's fuckíng each other. I walk through the woods, my red cloak bellowing in the wind so i wrap it tightly around me to stop it catching on any sharp branches. My black dress came above the knee and was getting way to small for me now but i didn't mind, i had decided to start a new fashion with shortened dresses like this. Me and Lucy had met one of twice a month for the last 7 years. I had gotten to know everything about him and he had gotten to know everything about me, i trusted him with my life and he was more or less my only friend if you don't cound Pops or Dad but i know i don't.
"An angel?!" I shout and Michael flinches away from me slightly. "But that's impossible. You would never kill another angel Michael, and King John said that YOU killed her with your fiery sword."
We still had to sleep in tents for a whole week because it took us this long to actually finish what we had started. After I had covered us I had decided to help Castiel make furniture and different kind of things that we may need. But finally after around a week and a half we were able to look inside, look at our bedrooms, the kitchen, the dining room, the lounge, the study and everything else that we had made. I had to hold onto Castiel while taking him in as he had used up so much energy trying to build this thing but I kept telling him that it would be worth it and we would live happily here. The whole thing looked amazing and grand. Castiel had even transported our bedding and mattresses over from the angel city over to our beds and other things that we may have needed. I asked him how he did this but he just tapped his nose and smiled tiredly at me.
"Well why don't you choose and one of us will go into the others ones quarters to tell them what has happened." The guard said kindly and I was confused of why he was being so kind, it must be a trick.
"Val, that angel wouldn't hurt you but i don't want you to see him again, okay? As fantastic as he is, he is also very dangerous and he is a very powerful being."
“Good, you wouldn’t want to meet him.” He hold out her hand and a fairy flutters onto it, making me smile.
"Then I don't know what else to do to apologise to Mariel's... Mary's memory." His lip trembled and I groaned loudly.
“That is none of your business your majesty but I do not come here to speak to you.” I look at Anael again and she rises, letting go of her husband’s hand.
“I can’t Samuel, your father and brother would never give up on trying to get you back. It would be too dangerous and who knows what the younger angels will think of me bringing in a young demon. I’m sorry Sam.” His lip trembles as he looks back at Gabriel. Gabriel’s face is expressionless so I don’t know what he is feeling so without another word Sam walks, or pushes, past all the angels and out of the camp without a single angel trying to grab him. “I’m sorry Gabriel.” I say to him and he just nods and bows before turning around and walking off silently. I sight and rub my forehead before telling everyone to get back to work and going back to my parchments, this was going to be a long day.
"Oh yes it is your majesty." I retort back and he grins before finally disappearing out if the tent. I laugh again before walking out if my tent and towards the guard that was calling out too me. "What is it?"
“Well yes but you see, the golden haired one has humour sire. He made the guard laugh even though they were kidnapping him so I thought that you could use him to be your Jester.” Albert stuttered out and Gabriel grinned.
"Sh darling. Be patient." I tell the angel before bringing myself up to him and slowly shóving myself into him. He gasps and grits his teeth as I try and get very last ínch of mé ínside of him and when I finally do I pause a moment for him to get used to my size. I circle my hips to widén up him a bit and he bucks his hips backwards, fúcking himself on to my eréction.
"I'm so sick of all these stupid titles. Why can't we just call you by your Lucifer be damned names!" I stomped my foot and crossed by arms over my chest angrily.
"Dean please!" He whines, a tear slipping out onto his cheek at the desperation of pléasure that I wasn't giving him.
“I’ve let you go before Castiel. Do you really think I’m going to let you escape again? Not a chance. Its too late to turn away from me Castiel, I’ve seen you now. You’re mine again.”
“You…” He mutters and I raise my eyebrows slightly, the smirk not leaving my face. “Why did you let those angels go?”
“Her?” He looks back up at me quickly and nods, raising an eyebrow at my shocked face. “What do you mean her?”
“You got me; I have no idea why she would act like that.” He shrugs after a moment and I bite my thumbnail thinking intensely. Castiel shuffles on his feet slightly and I look back up at him from my daze. He is looking at me with those big blue eyes of his and I remember thinking that his eyes are probably his best aspect. Sure his body is great, his hair is perfect and his lips are plush and so kissable but those eyes. They are so vivid and piercing and I could just get lost in them forever. “What?”
"Not too close to the border." I finish for him, giggle and running up to hug him around the middle. "Thank you thank you thank you!" I cry before skipping out of the room. I loved going into the woods, and i know father says not too close to the border but that's my favourite part. The border is where all the fairies are.
“It doesn’t matter any way; he would never be with me. He’s the king of angels and I’m going to be the king of demons.” I look back up to father who is shaking his head at me.
“No your highness, I’m very sorry. I wasn’t aware that you where here.” He then bowed lowly, keeping his head down as not to catch my eye contact. I frowned slightly at his sudden change in attitude and finally decided to provoke him, to get a rise out of him.
“Good morrow son. Are you looking forwards to your ball tonight?” I grunted and sat by his feet. “What’s wrong?”
"Piss off." I grumble and a huge grin spreads across his face, his eyes twinkling as he straddles naked body and looks down on me.
“We are leaving, going to get more demons for the big war. I was just wondering if you could let us go.”
Castiel stood rigid as he saw out of the corner of his eyes, a business man walk in and suddenly stand stone still when he noticed Castiel in the room. Ever so slowly, Castiel turned his head to face the man and dropped his hands by his sides in defeat when he saw Dean’s shocked face looking back at him.
"Something happened, i needed to be alone." I say and she looks behind me at Dean who was looking between us looking confused.
At the end of the pier stood a girl. A girl in a bright red coat as her hair brushed around her shoulders in the wind. The two men’s hands were not clasped anymore as they stood rigid to the spot, both seeing their little girl together for the first time since she died that horrible death.
“Making your mark on an angel can be a risky business, that’s why I was sceptical about you doing it. Not because of you taking him from me but because I knew if you two got close, there would be no idea of what would happen. I knew I shouldn’t have let you take him.” He looks at me seriously. “I think you should forget about that bastard king for now and marry Anna, become king and start ruling the demons. My time has come to an end Dean. By the end of the week you will be king.”
"Sorry kid." Was all he said before looking up to where Castiel was perched next to a broken glass stained window high above the great hall. He lurched upwards and a pair of bright golden wings suddenly appeared out of his back, flapping strongly to reach up towards his brother. Gabriel went straight through the window but Castiel remained sat calmly on the edge of it, one leg up on the side and one leg dangling down.
Castiel and Dean walked out of the coffee shop and began walking the streets. They walked, and walked and walked for what seemed like hours just talking and enjoying each others company and each others warmth as their hands clasped together and didn’t seem as if they were going to let go. They walked and walked like this until they ended up on Fort Tilden Beach, walking along a dock there and looking over the wooden railings and into the ocean. The started walking towards the end of the pier and both, so suddenly just stopped.
I run off from Marian the minute she sits down and towards the border where I normally meet Castiel. I am disappointed to find that he is not yet there and sigh as I sit on the wall and wait for him, playing with the necklace around my neck. I itch my back annoying and grumble something inaudible out before I let them rip out of my dress. I take the necklace off my neck and hold it up towards the sun which makes it glitter in the sunlight, making it look even more beautiful then when I first saw it. I couldn’t believe that it was actually my mother’s necklace. I wish I knew her, I wish I knew what she was and who she was. Maybe she was an angel and that was the reason why I had wings. I stretched them out a bit and looked at them, smiling at how they had gotten a little bit bigger then when I had last spread them out like this. Suddenly I hear a gasp from the trees and I quickly spin around to see where and who it had come from.
“I’ve seen it in a mirror.” Castiel snaps and the woman tilts her head in confusion just like Castiel usual does.
“No I’m not, because I have as well.” I don’t know what came over me, it had just slipped out and he looked up at me quickly.
“I wouldn’t do that if I where you.” I warn him and he looks at me in confusion. “I’ve done it before and she got really angry with me, emptied the bag and started again.” He laughs slightly and shakes his head before looking back at him in adoration. Finally after a long and stressful experience of having to watch Valentina pack all her things neatly in her bag she finally shuts the latch on it and picks it up, or at least tries to but it proves a bit to heavy for her. I walk over to her and pick it up for her instead and she smiles at me gratefully before skipping over to Castiel and holding onto his hand.
“Good bye Castiel.” She says and I wave back. She suddenly dips back under the water and out of sight. For the rest of the trip home I was in a good mood… that was until I got back to castle which looks like a prison to me from the distance. It had taken me 3 weeks to ride back home as I didn’t want to rush and suddenly it seemed as if I wanted to make the trip a bit longer. I knew that Leliel would be nearly due now so I had to get home in time for her due date. When I finally got to the castle I sighed and slid down off my horse, entering through the great hall. People greet me as I walk through and go up to my study where Leliel is already waiting. She is standing behind the door with her arms crossed and tears in her eyes.
Dean gave him a smile. A smile that told him a story; the story of an arrogant demon prince and a powerful angel king who, so unalike in name told a star-crossed love story. The story of a little girl dressed in red, skipping along the roses and talking to trees. The story of a family, a family so dysfunctional and so unalike that it actually worked.
“I don’t know, I only know that this is hurting like a bitch.” I look down and see a hand print on my chest where Dean had branded me and hissed when I poked at it.
“Sorry… Sam.” I say, smiling shyly before walking into the king’s chambers and when I saw it I groaned. What a mess.
"So, was there something you needed your highness or was it just because you enjoy the pleasure of my company?" She smiled warmly and I gently took her hand and looked her in the eyes.
"Sexual experience you mean?" I ask and he nods in embaressment. "Okay, so what do you want me to do about it?"
"NO DEAN WAIT!" I hiss and he stops and looks at me in surprise. "I'm where i am supposed to be right now. You need to listen to me and know that i am so sorry."
"My name is Amelia your majesty and I would be happy to help." With that she turns to take her baby back off Sam who is tightly pulling at his hair and walking out of the chambers, curtseying slightly as she went.
"But, why would you be crying? What has happened to make you cry?" I look down at my hands before burying my face in them, sobbing loudly. Sam comes running over to me and hugs me tight, not knowing what else to do in the current situation.
"Dean, leave her alone. She will tell us when she is ready and if she doesn't that is her choice. Lets just go and wait until she's ready to open her presents ok?" I hear dad sigh but than there are footsteps and the door closes so i know they are both gone. This had turned out to be the worst day of my life.
I'm gardening. Why am I gardening? I did not sign up for this when me and Gabriel decided to get caught. This was horrible. The rose stems pricked me and made my fingers bleed and the dirt that I was knelt in made my knees all muddy. Ergh. I would probably prefer to be cleaning out the toilets right now. No wait, on second thought...
"I'm sorry, i got ahead of myself and that was very unproffessional of me." She was speaking to Dean. "Forgive me your highness."
“You sure you’re feeling up to it?” Cas joked and Dean gave him a small nudge before grabbing Castiel’s hand and pulling him out of the cubicle and then out of the toilet, completely ignoring the stares that he got off his colleagues from work. Dean Winchester didn’t give a fuck what people thought about his and Castiel’s relationship anymore. He was done hiding. He was done people saying that they couldn’t be together for any reason but a reason that was actually plausible in both their minds. They would be together no matter what anybody else said or did and that was that.
"Alright." I agree and he smiles again and nods before walking out of his chambers altogether. My heart was fluttering as I managed to get myself out of the bath and dry off, putting on one of deans robes to do so. I start emptying the bath water with a bucket and throwing it out of the window but the whole time I was doing this my mind was in how Dean let me take a bath. I was confused to say the least as it was uncalled for, it was unheard of and it was so un-demon like. It's strange that he and his brother are nothing like their father and I pondered about their mother, what she must have been like for her sons to turn out the way that they have. So trusting and forgiving of angels. I sat on his bed and stared into space, wondering about the strange demon and his uncommon ways. Nowadays my mind was constantly on him and I wanted to believe that this was some demonic trick that he was playing on me to make me feel this way towards him but I knew that it wasn't the case, I knew that it wasn't magic or power that was making me think of him in this way but rather my own feelings. I had grown fond of the young demon, more than fond for that matter and it made me think that perhaps he thought of me in this way also. I certainly hoped so even though the possibility of us ever actually being together was slim to none. An angel can dream though, even if this angel was the most powerful of its kind.
I get back to the castle quickly enough and straight away I send out guards and military to try and find my daughter. Next I send out a messenger into the city to spread the message about anyone who finds my daughter will get any reward they wanted within reason. I spoke to Gabriel and Michael who genuinely seem so worried about my daughter's disappearance and they said that they would do anything to help. I sent Michael out with the military and Gabriel came with me along with my two bodyguards; Balthazar and Uriel. We fly out of the castle and go back to the area where I last saw Leliel, picking up her body and taking it back to the angel city. We decided to give her a proper funeral, in the great hall where anyone could come and pay their respects. The casket was closed as she had already been dead for a week or so but we covered her whole coffin in beautiful white lilies that were her favourite flower but also a good reputation of her wings and her personality. Pure, kind and beautiful.
"Y-your teeth. Your eyes. W-what-?" My eyes had turned milky white and my teeth had produced into sharp points as part of my original form coming out. I was originally a Seraphim before i fell from God, one of the originals. The first born of the angel kind. My real form was a serpent that breathed fire, humans called them dragons. Steam was flowing out of my mouth but i cooled down when i saw how terrified she looked.
Castiel turned away from his supposedly ex-husband and his heart broke a little when he did so. Was it not enough that he had to see his daughter today, but his husband too? Why was life so cruel to him? Why did it never get better? There were so many questions but Castiel had no idea who to ask them too, who could even answer those types of questions?
"Love you too dada." She replies, not looking up at me from the wooden toy angel she was playing with that I had carved and painted myself. I made it look like Castiel, painting in the blue eyes and black fluffy hair, I even included his large black wings and altogether id say it was a pretty good model of Cas. It was also Valentina's favourite toy, maybe it was because I made it but I couldn't help but think there was something more to her attraction with angels and her little toy version of Castiel.
“You like playing pranks of people?” I ask and he nods slyly. “Good, cause that’s my favourite hobby.”
"I need to-" I stop myself, not wanting to tell him about my daughter’s disappearance as then it would give him the chance to try and find her instead and I couldn’t risk having him find her before I could.
"I DON'T CARE! KILL THEM ALL!" I scream at my advisors who had brought in demons for questioning. It had been two weeks since my daughter went missing and I was going crazier and crazier by the minute. I had almost every single angel in the kingdom out looking for her and I now had called on Crowley to let him know that I couldn't carry on with the war. My people weren't happy about it but I didn't really care to be honest because getting my daughter back was the single most important thing in my life right now.
“Don’t you dare tell me that I have no idea. You have no right to tell me who I should love and what I should do. I will do as I damn well please and I will love who I damn well please.” He snarls at me and this is the first time I’ve ever seen the demon side of him come out. He lurches forwards at me and at first I believe that he is trying to attack me so it surprised me when his lips attach onto mine suddenly. Without another thought I wrap my arms around his waist and pull him closer into me, kissing him back eagerly.
“NO! GET OFF ME! HOW COULD YOU?” She cries, tears pouring down her face as she starts sobbing, collapsing into my chest. “How could you do this to me?”
"I see my dads do this, one of them gets close to the other and waits for the other to lean in. So just do it."
"Hello." He says. His voice hadn't changed, still gentle and calmly low. She plucks the flower from his hands and looks at him shyly.
"I'm pregnant." She says as if it is the most obvious thing in the world, parting her lips slightly, daring herself to smile.
“KIND?!” He shouts and I turn around and try and crawl away from him but he drags me back down to lay on my back as he straddles my hips to keep me in place. “I am not kind.” He spits and I look at him angrily. I wasn’t having this, no way. I spin us around and hold him down while he struggles beneath me.
I rode for days and days until I finally came across something in the dirt. There was blood splattered across the grass and mud and a bit so the north of the blood, there was flattened grass of where I guessed a beast lay dead but had now disappeared. I was a good tracker, it was what I used to be before I became king of the angels so I knew that Leliel had fought off something big and barely escaped with her life. I kept on travelling down, taking rest stops here and there for both me and my horse but getting agitated every time I did. I needed to get there, I needed to get to Leliel and my daughter as quick as I possibly could! I rode further down and came across a river which I travelled down slowly, knowing that this is where she would stop to let the horse and herself drink water and maybe even rest. Leliel was smart, she knew exactly what to do in a dire situation.
“Don’t you think I have a life outside of you my highness?” This makes me chuckle and I raise my glass at her.
"that was amazing." I say to him and I snuggle closer to him and he just mumbles a inconceivable reply. "What?"
"I want you to go to King Crowley's Castle, unnannounced but also repectively. I will sign a document to say that we would like to search the castle grounds and rooms for any sign of a two year old child. Any child of this age will be checked for angel bloodline and if it matched with mine-" I cut my hand and pour some blood into a flask for him to take. "-I want you to bring the child back home." The angel nods and bows slowly before walking out of the room and leaving me alone once again to my thoughts. I sit down on the mattress i've lain out for myself in my study and put my head in my hands. I didn't hear the door opening or the person coming into my study. I felt someone kneel down in front of me and put a hand on my shoulder and quickly looked up to find him knelt there, looking at me with a sad smile.
"Sam is probably celebrating, having parties with you not there." I laugh and he laughs himself before shaking his head.
I start moving my hips slowly in and out of him and his legs and múscles tighten again as his breath hitches once more. I bring a hand down and start stroking his cóck gently so he wasn’t just feeling pain and he moáned his approval when I started doing this in time with my slow thrústing movements. I ran my thumb over his tip and his hips bucked up quickly, accidently making me go into him harder but he moans loudly as I hit his sweet spot so I do it again and he throws his head back and arches his back as sinful sounds escape his lips. I start going in faster, still beating my hand in time with my thrusts until finally I’m poundíng into him, moáns also escaping my lips at the friction of his tíght hóle against my hard díck. Cas cries out really loudly and I wince as it carries on for a while and when I look down I see that he had come all over both our chests. I let go of his cóck and just slíde in and out of him a few more time before my stomach clenches up and I release myself into him without dignity, moaning quite loudly myself. I collapse on top of him, his leg still over my shoulder and me still inside of him until one of us finally gets up enough energy to move.
Castiel bobbed his head to the rhythm of Dean’s moans, every so often twisting his head and letting his soft, warm and wet tongue wipe across and new spot. With his hand, he pumped on Dean’s base at the part that he couldn’t get his lips around but Castiel went as deep as he possible could without actually choking on Dean’s cock.
“The necklace, it is Leliel’s. S-she, she was my wife but she died after having a child and then the child went missing.” He looks into my eyes again but what he is saying didn’t really make any sense. “Where have you been?”
“You’re going to be the death of me.” He grips my hips tightly and I can tell he’s close to coming in his leggings. I start palming him roughly instead and he shouts out in pure pleasure. Suddenly my hands are beginning to get wet as his cum in coming through his leggings, leaving a patch near his groin. I let go of him but stay straddled to his hips.
"maybe because you promised to do something and you didn't do it before it was already too late?" He said sarcastically before pushing past me and Sam and running after his brother. Sam looked at me angrily.
Good bye my Valentina, I loved you with all my heart. You were too young to die, and now you have slipped out of my hands forever. Good bye my Valentina, good bye my beautiful little girl. You will forever be in my heart and thoughts. Good bye.
I woke up to Dean prodding me in the face annoyingly. I grumbled and tried turning around be he gripped me tight and didn't let me move. I tried shoving him off me and squinted at him angrily which just made him laugh loudly. I sat up and he laughed again at my crazy bed hair and stretched his hand out to pet in.
"C-cas, who is he?" I hear Dean whimper into my ear, his voice trembling. "How did he find us? Who is he?" I don't answer him for a second because i am so surprised to see HIM here, standing right in front of me as if it was the most normal thing in the world. I had thought he had left this world, never to return but here he was, standing there smiling as he always used to infront of me and my family. "Cas..." I look at Dean for a moment and back at the man who is still stood staring at us, his body still, unmoving as he looked at all three of us in turn and then his eyes landing on me again. He looked as if he was about to say something but instead kept quiet, waiting for me to answer Dean.
Sure i was meant to be like this, to be beautiful and she was meant to be infactuated with me but she was never meant to fall in love with me. It was probably because i left it too long to kill her. I should have done it the first year i met her. It would have been so much easier for both me, her and everyone else involved. I sigh and pinch the bridge of my nose, getting up to fly off when i see a vision of red out of the corner of my eye. I turn to face the young woman in front of me, he whole body was ridged and straight and i could tell she was taking careful steps around me.
"Oh I forget... The reason for Christmas hasn't happened yet." He smiles mysteriously and turns around to place his hand on our house. There was a shimmer of light and our small wooden house turned into a large brick manor that led out to long rose garden. Me and Dean stared in awe at the sudden change of scenery, almost as if we were on a completely different plain of land altogether.
"Like you're about to cry if i say no." He looks back up at me and shakes his head. "I can't Castiel. I have a kingdom and a dau-"
"We have caught the princes of Lawrence! King John's own sons!" The man said proudly and I grimaced.
"Cause Cassie, we are fúcked up. On the other hand, that was some amazing sex." He crawled slowly over me, grinning before nipping at my ear slightly. I hum in agreement and lean my head against the head board casually. "Say, how much stamina do angels and demons have?"
“Why, are three syllables too much for you?” I ask sassily and he rolls his eyes and sits up before crawling over to me and pull my legs down the bed a bit so I’m lying down rather than sitting up. He then goes back to his original position but a bit closer to me this time, almost resting his head on my shoulder.
"Rough day?" She asked, taking a step towards me and I remembered what Castiel said about not trying to find him so I placed my hands on her wait and rested my forehead against hers.
"I see, how very interesting. Anael said exactly the same thing you know. That Prince Dean was a strange demon."
“Yes, but not yet.”  She leans against the door frame and gives me the full body check of my outfit, perking her eyebrows when she gets to my royal red cloak with white wolf fur on the linings.
His thighs were pushing into my hips as his legs wrapped tighter around me and I started moving up and down so our cócks grinded together, making us both messes in each other’s arms. I took my face away from the kiss and buried my head into his neck, listening to him breathe and moan heavily into my ear.
"Dean! You shouldn't have told her about our séx life! She's our daughter!" I shout and he just shrugs again.
"I'll come when you call my highness." He said to me and bowed down before walking out of the room and chambers altogether.
"Yes?" I ask calmly but he looks frantic, coming into the room and pacing it wildly. "Calm down man, tell me what you know."
“Okay. Just give me two moments.” I tell him as I walk back to my chambers to tell Amelia that I won’t be here in the morning. She just nods at me and smiles before I walk back out her room and back towards Gabriel who is tapping his foot impatiently.
“Not tonight Leliel, I’m too busy.” She frowned at my words and before I could get up and leave she grabbed my cloak and kneeled up in our bed so she came face to face with me. I looked at her in wonder and she gulped before opening her mouth to speak.
“No it won’t! Don’t you know why they caught us? We are too be used for sex!” One of the angels broke down in tears and my eyes widened as I looked at my brother. He just shrugged and leant of the kitchen counter, grabbing an apple from one of the bowls and munching into it.
"Sam Winchester is not a demon; I don't care what anyone says. I haven't seen him once change his eyes black and the first time we met he called us friends. He called me, an angel and him, a demon, or at least a half demon, friends. Now that's not something that happens every day." He explains, keeping his voice neutral but there was a hidden emotion behind it, want, love and need.
"Dean, holy- Dean oh yes." He stámmers, dropping his head to the floor and clutching his hair as he keeps rócking his hips. Suddenly I take my fíngers out of him and he makes a noise of complaint at the sudden loss which turns into a yelp when I gráb his hair and pull his head back up. With my other hand I spréad his legs a bit wider before gripping onto his waist and súcking on his skin.
"Hey you." Said a voice I recognised too clearly. I looked behind me and Anna was stood there looking as beautiful as ever.
"Oh i must go now Lucy, my dada is calling me. He and papa must have come down from their nap. Good bye."
“I will find her Leliel, I promise you I will.” I whisper to the dead angel and stand up, looking up and down the river. The water was flowing downwards and I knew for a fact that Leliel’s body had been washed down the river. I didn’t know how far she would have travelled though so before setting off I picked some flowers and rested them beside Leliel’s limp body. I kissed her forehead before jumping on my horse and walking back upstream, looking in the water and around it for any sign of my daughter, hoping to god that she was still alive.
“Dean hasn’t even noticed I’ve gone and I don’t think he will for a while. I want you to come back with me.” He says and I groan inwardly. Not this again.
"It seems that she was only just faking it too try and get information for us." Michael explains and I hum in appreciation.
"I don't particularly know why you hate me when i haven't ever actually done anything to you or your family."
I finally got to the city of Lawrence, seeing it in the distance as I climbed off my horse and turned my eyes black, not wanting any demons to recognise me as an angel. I drag my horse by its reigns up into the city gates and enter without any problem. No one even gave me a second glance due to the plain brown dress I was wearing but I knew it would be harder to get into the castle. Luckily I knew another way in. I left the horse at the city stables were I had to pay 2 silver pieces just to let it stay in overnight, demons always were so greedy. I rolled my eyes before setting off towards the castle and when I got there I travelled around it and snuck through a small hole in the castle walls which led me into the angel courtyards. I looked on at the slaved angels sadly but none of them even gave me a second glance apart from one, a young girl who had seen me climb through the hole in the wall. I smiled at her and raised a finger up to my mouth the beckon her to keep silent before walking through the courtyard and into the castle.
"It's fine Cas, I'm a bachelor again now and that's the way I like it. Now I can do this." I move onto him, straddling his hips and leaning down to kiss him gently, letting my tongue slip into his mouth and rolling it around his own tongue greedily. He moans slightly into the kiss as I start grinding down on him and he holds onto my waist tightly as if to keep his balance.
“Hello Winchester.” He greeted him sadly, trying to produce a small smile but failing miserably. Dean just stood on the spot with his mouth gaped open and his eyes wide, staring at Castiel with a mixture of hate, longing, want, annoyance and above all, love.
"H-hello?" I call out with a shaky voice but the humming just keeps getting louder. I recognise it as the lullaby my dada used to sing to me when i was younger and the one papa sung to me the first time he met me. The voice, instead of humming starts singing instead.
For a while, Dean and Lucifer worked together to find the killer of Valentina as they knew it was no coincidence that a troll had suddenly sprung up out of nowhere and murdered the poor child. However this did not last long and soon Dean went his separate way, trying to find his lost lover.
It was Valentina's 16th birthday and she had reminded me time and time again to get her a present. I thought that this would be a perfect time to kill her. Imagine her fathers coming to look for her on her 16th birthday and finding her corpse mawled among the bed full of red roses, her blood flowing and feeding them.
"Dean, I'm 17 summers old. Do you still think I'm 15 and can't handle things myself? I've been practicing everyday because I knew the war was coming do I'm going to fight whether you want me too or not." I grit my teen at my little brother endurance to coming with us and after another half an hour of arguing with him and riding towards our destination I finally give up because he's already even riding with us for this long.
"Cas.." Dean hisses, reached for his sword but i stop him in a sudden movement before looking at him and shaking my head. "Who is he?"
"Don't be afraid." I find myself saying to the little girl who was cowering away from me. "I won't hurt you." Her eyes are wide and bright, she doesn't look scared, just wary of me. She was probably a young demon child who was rebelling against her parents about coming to the edge of the border. She looks me up and down and her eyes slowly drift to the hilt of my sword. I look down at it and slowly unsheaf it and she backs away from me. I put an arm up in defeat and slowly lower the sword to the ground before approaching the little girl.
I couldn't believe my ears when I found out that Valentina was actually Castiel's own daughter. I was so shocked that I couldn't actually move for what seemed like an eternity and all the demons that were crowded around me looked slightly worried for my statue-like status. Finally, out of a sudden decision I started running, past the guards and demons and towards the stables where I got on Impala and started riding towards the angel kingdom as fast as I could. I knew that she was his daughter but that didn't mean I wasn't going to try and explain to him what actually happened. I needed to see Valentina, she would wonder about me soon enough and probably become afraid of not being able to come back home.
“You should clean that up you know.” I smirk, leaning against the wall. He turns to look at me and his eyes go wide.
"No Dean, I'm not being a child I'm just saying the truth. I don't like being a demon. Violence, hate and pain is all we are meant to feel but I don't feel that. I feel happiness and love and an angel made me find these feelings-" his eyes flickered to gabriel. "-I don't care if they lock me up in chains and stick me in the dungeon, as long as I don't have to be a demon bastard anymore!"
"Are you not going to offer me tea?" He asks and I quickly start moving to the kitchen where I make three cups of tea from the boiling water that was already brewing above the fire. Dean sits as far away from him as possible and I myself sit a safe distance away. He sips his tea and stares intently at us both as we wait for him to talk but finally, I decide to start talking first.
“Dean Winchester? I haven’t heard that name in almost three years.” I say, smiling slightly. It was the first smile I had let out since before Leliel’s death all those years ago. “He wouldn’t want to see me.”
“How do you-?” He turns around and starts walking in the opposite direction to me, clearly noticing the mistake he made. “HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?” I scream after him but he rounds the corner and disappears out of sight, leaving the tipped over bucket on the floor.
“I’m coming with you.” He states and she smiles broadly before climbing off me and going to hug Castiel. She then runs off towards her clothes which was strange but I assumed Castiel got her new clothes because he could basically do whatever he wanted. Me and him look to each other and smile mysteriously before nodding out heads.
"I love you Dean." I choke out before turning my head to the side to kiss him. "I love you so much."
“Hm…” I look at her closely but she is avoiding my gaze. This makes me curious and I want to carry on questioning her but I don’t want her to be offended by my questions so I instead let the matter go. We finish our drinks and I lead her outside my chambers, before kissing her hand.
“If I could kiss you for the last time?” I mumble out, scraping my shoe on the ground and looking anywhere but at his piercing beautiful eyes. He doesn’t answer me and I can feel a lump forming in my throat and, oh hell no, I was not going to shed them stupid salty tears again, no way. I felt a hand on my cheek and Castiel turned my face towards him so I had no choice but to look at him. He smiled sadly before putting his other hand on my other cheek and stepping closer towards me. I lean down but let him lean up towards me, kissing my mouth sweetly. I close my eyes and immediately melt into the soft kiss that Castiel had placed on my lips. It was perfect and the only thing that was wrong with it was the fact that it ended too quickly.
"Yes. That would be best. Also come back up with the others as soon as my son's ball ends." I gulped and nodded my head at the king before walking quickly out of the room. As soon as I was out I let out a huge breath of relief which I didn't know I was holding before I realised that I had left all the stuff back in his room. I let out a groan and looked at the guards on the door who was looking at me expectantly.
"Oh your highness! Have you come to join us?" Anael asked happily as she stood up and curtseyed to me, her maids and friends following her movements close behind.
The next day, she walks into the clearing with a tinge of a blush on her face and looks around in awe, gasping at the flowers. I laugh loudly a begin to say;
I was riding through the woods that hid the border from the demon kingdom into the angel kingdom. Not many angels and demons came this way because there was always some sort of angel or demon guard on the borderline looking for trouble. However I had my sword with me so I knew I could kill any demon that came my way and any angel wouldn’t attack me anyway. Before crossing the border I get off my horse and go towards a lake that was absolutely stunning. There were all kinds of flowers growing around it and blossom petals covered the water. Then, out of the water came a figure and my eyes went wide in shock.
“Yes, you do I suppose.” I say and kiss the top of her head as she sits there happily. A few minutes later and Castiel comes back downstairs, rubbing his head and groaning.
“I was planning on never until queen Leliel over here came waltzing in. I’m sorry Dean, I know you love me but my job comes first.”
"Because i don't want too!" I was surprised by my own words, however true they were. I didn't want to kill her, i didn't want to her in anyway. Why? Because i was in love with her.
We start riding back to the angel city and I can’t help but overthink about what Dean said. About Leliel and my child. I was going to love this child no matter what but what about Leliel. I couldn’t tell her I loved her anymore because I didn’t and I don’t lie, especially not too her and she’s going to know that something is seriously wrong if I start avoiding her. What was I going to do? What was I going to say? The answer to these questions; I had no idea.
"Alright! Well, that's a good thing right? That your were having sex with The king of Angels because that means that you can get married and there will be no more war because you're next in line to be King of the demons. Crowley has already assigned you as his heir." Sam said happily and my brain almost imploded.
“Gabe it is then, tell me kid... What you doing down in the slave quarters. Don’t you know it’s haunted?”
“Oh no!” The doors of the grand hall suddenly opened and my father walked in. When he saw us both he stopped dead in his tracks, looking between us suspiciously. He probably thought I was flirting with his little bitch. He slowly started to make his way over to us but then his eyes landed on the jewels and the throne.
"-and you're king of the angels yes yes I know! I just... I love you Castiel. I even wrote you a letter which I regret not bringing but I've loved you for over a year now and I can never seem to get you out of my head. I need you angel, I need you to knock some sense into me when I'm being an idiot or to touch me when I'm lonely. When I was married to Anna I felt so empty inside-"
"The honour would be all mine, my lady." I stood up then and bowed at her in respect before kissing her hand. "I will see you just before sunset then?"
He finished his song and smiled at me kindly, showing a small amount of his white teeth. I stopped suddenly and looked at him shyly and curiously, biting the inside of my mouth.
“Yes you can, but I would ignore him because he’s a mean feathered freak.” I could already tell I was going to like it here.
"Hello 'your majesty'" he snarled sarcastically and I looked back at him again, blood dripping from my mouth.
Night was quickly coming so we sent Valentina up to bed, tucking her in and wishing her goodnight before going back downstairs and sitting beside the glowing fire to warm us up. Somewhere along the lines me and Castiel got closer together until finally he ended up sitting comfortably on my lap and resting his head on my shoulder, slowly falling to sleep.
“Oh I think you like getting bossed around.” I murmur and he only moans in response. “Are you going to come for me angel?”
“I’ll miss you too kid. We’ll see each other again though, don’t you worry.” He smiles at my brother and helps him up onto his horse before standing back and nodding at me. “See you around Dean.”
“Is that why we live here now? Because you’re both my daddy’s.” I smile at her and nod my head, that was the easiest way to explain it and it came from her mouth. “I have two daddies?” She asks and smiles brightly so I nod my head again.
"No offence Dean but that seems extremely unlikely." I say, raising an eyebrow and he looks back at me completely defeated. "I think God put on a higher guard when he updated the place so i'm sure we will be safe for now. We will just try and take extra precautions when going out of the woods."
"Your bath is ready... now?" With that he bursts out laughing and clutches his stomach, throwing his whole body into the laugh. I look at him surprised and shuffle awkwardly on my feet.
I'm about to say something else when a large roar and multiple screams are heard from outside. My eyes widen as I pick up my sword and run back out of the tent with Michael and Gabriel following me close behind. Half the tents are burning and the air reeks of holy-oil as we run through the camp towards the commotion that was happening. My warriors were fighting off demons in every corner of the camp so I got out my sword and joined them without another thought, hacking and chopping at the demons with newly forged weapons that could now kill angels. My personal guards finally found me and gathered around me, fighting alongside me while we fought with the black-eyed demons.
Castiel walks out from behind a tree, looking at my wings with his lips parted and eyes wide. He then looks at the necklace in his hands and shakes his head, tearing up a bit before looking into my eyes. I gulp and quickly try and hide my wings from him but he steps forwards quickly as I back away from him.
“Shut up.” I mumble before carrying on down the stone steps and towards the garden where we first met. When we got there the smile dropped from Castiel’s face, my heart was beating loudly in my chest as I hoped to see some sort of expression on his face. Even if it wasn’t love, maybe nostalgia or want. I had no idea but I wanted something to be there.
"Yes sir." He rolls his eyes and mutters something under his breath before giving me a glare. "I mean Your Majesty."
"Yes, i suppose your right." I say glumpy and pick at a few strands of grass while the boy just stares at me. I look back up at him and slant my head to the side slightly.
“You’re highness, Ally; he’s the prince not the king.” The older women angel said, putting her arm around the smaller girl. She was putting on a brave face I could tell and I wondered why they were so afraid of me. Maybe they didn’t have any weapons or maybe they thought that I did. I had a sword but I couldn’t kill them. I also had a couple of angel chains in my saddle but Impala was way back down the alleyway. “Please…”
"I had fun last night." He murmered, bringing his face down to peck my lips softly. I smile, even though i didn't want to, into the kiss and deepen is but pulling him forwards. We break apart finally and he rests his forehead on mine contently, closing his eyes as he did so.
I turn to my father and approach him cautiously. He is still looking helplessly up at the window where Castiel was sat just moments before and didn't even notice me step towards him.
“Me? Well I’m the court jester young demon, voila!” He clicks his fingers and suddenly he is dressed in the most ridiculous outfit. “But I’m off duty right now.” He clicks again and he’s back to wearing just the leather fabric around his slim waist.
“I should hope so.” She winks before turning around and walking out of my chambers. I sigh and the smile drops from my face. There was still a shred of hope left in me that Castiel might just swoop in on those large black beautiful wings of his and pick me up when I’m just about to say “I do” and carry me off into the sunset. Wow, talk about being in another life.
"Yes alright clever clogs! I get the gist but that still doesn't solve the problem with Castiel." My heart dropped at the name and I sighed melodramatically.
Dada was still holding onto the flowers while papa was sat in front of him with his arms crossed and angrily staring up at him. Dada was saying something, an apologetic look in his eyes as his shoulders slumped forwards while papa was shaking his head and looking away from him. I frown, take the flower out of the water and walk back into the dining room. They both look at me and stop talking for a moment, watching me as I walk over to papa and handing him the flower. He delicately takes it from me and smiles at me sadly. I lean in to whisper in his ear so dada can’t hear me.
“Dean?” My father muttered and I looked up at him suddenly. The hall had gone quiet and all eyes were on me. “Do you?”
