Gabriel smiled as he played with Sam's long hair. It used to be the common thing that everyone grew their hair long, whether male or female it didn't matter. But over time men first started cutting their hair short and then women started doing so to.
I love the idea of Destiel cuddles, does anyone else just love the idea of them cuddled up together and the fluff?
“Eyes?” The younger Winchester questioned at the same time the older one questioned as well.
“I am Cas, you know that Dean.” Castiel tried but the man tried to slide along the counter around him causing Castiel to frown, but that was okay. “Dean,”
“Keep safe.” Sam said simply before disappearing, following where Castiel could possibly be. He wouldn’t think, he wouldn’t imagine.
“Yeah man, I’m okay; can you get us home?” Castiel didn’t have to ask where Dean was asking him to go. The Bunker. Where Sam and the Impala were. Dean’s first real home that was not the Impala.
When the time came for Dean to slowly blink awake going from fast asleep to wide awake within a few seconds. Though Castiel wished a bit that he could have watched those cute sleepy blinks from his mate for a lot longer but knew it was needed to happen. Any hunter worth the salt to burn would wake up almost immediately. They never knew when they were awoken if something was there to attack them. The fact that Dean allowed himself to fall asleep under the blanket undressed was a huge thing and showed how much trust Dean gave when conscious which was different then allowing himself to slip so deep into sleep when wrapped up safe and sound in his mate's arms and wings.
“Of course!” The girl who was probably still in school reached down to carefully pick up one of them that was a little older then the others. “We call this little guy Cinnamon. He just never seems to be picked.” She handed Castiel one who was almost shaking as he held the guinea pig against his chest so he could relax. Despite not having been held a lot he seemed more then okay in Castiel's hands.
“I'm all yours sweetheart.” Sam cooed leaning down to kiss Gabriel who panted letting out a moan as Sam pushed his hands against the bed, and Gabriel happily gave his control over to his mate.
Sam would be able to do so; it wasn’t a big fire. Castiel would not destroy the first traditional home that his love had since he was four years old. Every other home was a temporary one, except for the rooms that Robert Singer cleaned out and claimed as Dean’s Room and Sam’s Room.
“Castiel.” Sam growled out as he opened the door, he was reasonably sure that this was the particular angel that he was after, but if it was the Castiel of this universe it didn’t much matter. He figured he would kill this universe’s Castiel to start his washing of the multi-verse of these disgusting creatures so if he killed this universe’s version of Castiel instead of his own universe’s it didn’t matter.
Which meant they were not taking any chances. They would take every precaution, and wouldn't go in guns blazing not knowing what was going on and what they were going after. But they couldn't just let more and more people die as they worried about what it was, so was the hope that Uncle Crowley would know, if not him than one of their parents would.
Dean and he with sweaters on his arm thrown around Castiel's shoulder while Castiel is planting a kiss on Dean's cheek.
How did this happen? Really how had this happened?
“You know I always have apple pie on hand babe, it's always my favorite even though I can't eat now.” He sighed before cutting a piece before heating it in the microwave. Dean sweetened the tea with honey and Castiel sipped it shocked that it tasted perfect.
“Don't worry, they'll be fine.”
“What’s with the get up?” He asked and the two angels turned and grinned. Gabriel had a golden armor with purple sash wrapped around his chest and back and Castiel wore armor that looked like platinum and his sash just laid over his right arm and was a deep red. Their outfits were very similar, being in the same shape, the black thick trousers under the armor and there were gloves but Castiel’s were just fabric, the same as his trousers, while Gabriel’s were the same metal as his armor. Gabriel’s also had several inscriptions along the lines of where his armor was joined while Castiel had those, but they were laid over the lines of the joining.
“Don’t you remember I l-“
Castiel could not help but feel that he was intruding on a private moment, something that had been rubbed off on him from Dean. He waited until the two pulled away and Gabriel cupped Sam’s face and whispered softly to his lover.
“No.” Suddenly Gabriel was beside him, taking Sam's left wrist in his strong grasp and Sam gasped feeling the touch go all the way up his arm. He gasped looking up at him as Gabriel's intense eyes stared him down. “You do not have a golden heart despite the demon blood in you.” He kept an intense look into his eyes, “the blood doesn't effect your heart; it is the exact same as saying you would have a heart of gold despite being tall.” He explained and squeezed Sam's wrist, not enough to hurt him but enough that he was very aware of the hand that was tethering them together. “You are pure heated. It isn't despite the demon blood. It just is.”
Maybe he should find the Castiel of this dimension, considering this was the dimension that the asshole was staying he might as well start now.
“Sorry?” Dean mocked and chuckled, “I woke up in hell Cas, in hell and being tortured!” Dean shook his head, “tortured until I became…became this and your sorry,” Dean mocked but Castiel said nothing. He hadn’t thought of what happened, he assumed it was the whole Mark of Cain and his short tenure as a demon that made Dean a demon. How had it that his soul went to hell? Dean was heaven bound, he had done far more than plenty in heaven, there was nothing that would keep him from heaven, and that wasn’t even counted as he, being a mate to an angel, was going to heaven to be with him. Dean wasn’t done yet though.
“What I could be?” Sam asked curiously, he didn’t like the way that it was said but he was more confused than anything else.
“Well look like Rosalie and I really do do everything together.” She smiled all but melting into Rosalie's side. “Oh but you two must truly need some refreshments. How about some cookies and tea?” She asked and Gabriel grinned nodding and she slipped away to the kitchen a black cat that Castiel hadn't noticed before following her.
“Come on man, their family-our family-they were just scared, you were, uh you were acting kinda strange then baby.”
“Wh-no. She wasn’t thinking that.”
“Come on Sammy, I know that is a lie, you have to have somewhere to honeymoon in mind.” Gabriel cooed, “I've been all over the world in the millenniums I've been here, I don't think there is a single place I haven't been at least for a little bit, you can pick anywhere.”
“No. We just talked, he did absolutely nothing to me, barely touched me.” He assured and Dean relaxed more.
“Have faith in them Dean.” Gabriel assured his brother-in-law and best friend.
When Sam got to the sound he froze up, there was the two Castiel’s, that he was expecting but he was not expecting to see two of his brothers “D-Dean?” Both Dean’s turned to him. Two…Deans?
“Is it true? The deep grace level-which is your version of a soul-love?” He asked and Castiel didn't answer but for once Sam knew what the answer was. “You'll take care of him? Dean isn't one to be taken care of, he has been the caretaker even when we were kids. But you will make sure he is okay.”
“Yep. We'll Deano is Cassie's and Samsquatch here is mine~” he cooed and shook his head poofing a candy bar which he pushed towards Sam, “calm down and have some sugar, sugar.”
“The point Cas is that it’s different. You’ll see babe.”
This beautiful face and body, I, angel of fire, recreated in glory from the Pit. This lovely form, full of stars, most delectable example of humanity, beloved work of god. If you should dare harm him, prepare for a smiting, foul beast! Castiel, angel of the lord.
It was shocking to even Castiel who knew him so well, the only one who could contest him knowing Dean the best was Sam which was more Sam knew him differently. Slowly, but still happening, tension melted away from Dean, untightening the skin around his eyes, relaxing his mouth, the slight furrow of his brow...it left him looking strangely boyish.
“Of course,” Castiel then used the chip he was still holding to pull up some of the things onto his own to taste, he wasn’t a fan of spicy but with the sour cream it wasn’t too bad, and the bacon and one of the three cheeses were salty which he was fond of. “Believe me or don’t, I will prove myself to you. I will help you see how good you are.”
“Dean!” Bobby and Sam screamed, snapping Castiel out of his god trip. “Dean? Dean!” Castiel ran to his mate who was bleeding. He could heal him, “it’s okay Dean, it’ll be okay, I’m just going to heal you. I’m so sorry Dean, I-I didn’t mean to, I promise I’d never hurt you.” Castiel whispered gasping as he saw the blood slowly dripping from Dean’s mouth, it was worst then he thought.
“Yeah,” Gabriel smiled, Sam couldn't see Castiel's wings so couldn't see them wrapped so protectively and lovingly around Dean. Gabriel had always had a very older brotherly love for all younger angels (and considering he was the third angel ever made that meant every angel but Micheal and Lucifer who had made their choices long ago). So to see his favorite younger brother wrapping his wings around his mate.
“I am going to be a hunter.”
“You don't want pie?” He asked confused and Dean rolled his eyes.
- - -
“Okay so are they psychically powerful vampires, or psychic who acts like a vampire?” Sam asked and Gabriel held one finger up moving it to go with his voice.
“Which do you think it is?” Sam asked and Dean groaned as they all looked at him.
“Dean,” Castiel was the first to find his voice. “I love you.”
They wouldn't do that to them, to any of them.
“I know that Dean,” Castiel then let out a guffaw, “I never heard you speak history like this.” Dean shrugged and gave Castiel a saucy wink.
“Yes I am aware.”
Dean's breath caught in his throat as he heard the one thing he wanted. The one thing he had wanted since his memories of his mom had slowly started to fade away. He had been okay for a while, because though the backseat of the Impala wasn't a house it was a home. But still it had never been enough, as they got older and older and Sam didn't understand what they were doing. He understood why, Sam didn't have any memories of mom, didn't remember the fire, nothing.
“Well you know, in Switzerland its illegal to own only one piggy.” Gabriel chuckled and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Plus I'm pretty sure that Cas and Gabe know how to tell a good person best.” Sam added with a chuckle and Gabriel nodded and Castiel hummed in agreement, his eyes staying zeroed in on green eyes of his mate.
- - - - -
Castiel showed back up to the warehouse that Dean had taken this universe’s Dean to. He didn’t know why he had thought that he would still be there. He probably just picked somewhere close by that was abandoned.
He would think that he would hate the protectiveness his angel displayed, that it would make him feel weak or like he couldn't take care of himself. He wasn't used to people wanting to protect him, for it being their first instinct, and it was a bit overwhelming to him. And when he got overwhelmed he became a jerk.
“I have already told her we will take her.” He frowned and Dean knew he would hate to break a promise to the multicolored cavy.
“I...not unless Sam does to. He always talked about making a cafe.”
Castiel’s thinking, his powers, the earth turning, the molecules floating in the air stopped. He…he referred to Castiel as husband, he told him that he had given him a ring…
“Last I talked to them they were talking about moving, they don't want to raise a family in Texas. Want a fresh start. If not I have others, they just popped in my mind first.” Gabriel assured and Dean frowned.
“Love?! What do you know of love?” He chuckled as Castiel’s eyes turned white, “what? You going to kill me again, huh? Are you Cas?” He mocked, that seemed to be enough to cut through to the angel turned god and he pulled back looking like he was closes to crying. “Love, as if you even know what that means.” He then glanced over to where the alternative version of himself was, but he and the other hunter and the angel were gone. “You couldn’t have even waited till my body was cold before you ran off to replace me, huh babe?” He then laughed, “I’m never going to let you forget me, I’m going to choke you on your halo.” With the sound of leathery wings stretching, something that Castiel could see for only a moment before the king of hell disappeared, leaving him alone once again.
“Did you and Cas find out what we're up against?” Sam asked and Gabriel nodded.
“Okay thank you, you guys hang tight.” He smiled at the pigs heading out and he followed after leaving and she giggled watching him and she smiled and turned to them.
“I mean it Dean.” Castiel was insistent, he didn’t know why it was so important to him suddenly, but he just knew that he needed Dean to hear and understand how perfect he was.
Damn this is getting more and more feelsy. Don't worry it shouldn't get as feelsy again, there will be feels but not as 'punch you in the gut' as this chapter again. Hopefully.
He couldn’t ignore it though; it was wrong of him, that Dean could possibly be dead by now.
“Are you okay?” A young woman asked, she couldn’t be older than twenty-two or three.
- - - - -
“You said you love me.” Castiel said and Dean's eyes widened and he almost folded up in himself turning away from him. “Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think we found a way to get you to relax,” Castiel whispered and Dean only answered by groaning and Casitel smiled moving down to massage down Dean's spine. When he finished all the way down to his lumbar muscle Dean was asleep. Still Castiel massaged his neck and then his foot, smiling a bit at Dean fast asleep, leaning down he kissed Dean's forehead before heading out of their room.
He'd push away all these thoughts not allowing himself to think that, but maybe he was. Maybe he just feared ever losing Castiel who had become the most important person to him along with Sam. Shaking his head he pushed his thoughts back to the little corner of his mind-the Castiel corner as he called it-and ate the pie.
That was really a hard chapter to write, I think it is because of the awkwardness, I hope I did well keeping Dean in character.
Sam and Gabriel were already putting Jacob into his new crib, Dean's first plan was to carve a crib. Next he was thinking of making one of those raised beds that had steps to get up with a slide down and a little toy box at the end. He was actually very good at metal working and welding and loved to do so with it when he could, having taken jobs welding a few times when he had to stay in one place for a while before.
“You mean when Cas went into his god trip?!”
“God damnit!” Sam screamed out breathing hard.
“I…I saw him a little over a week ago.” She whispered, “he asked to use the phone but afterwards I didn’t see him.” Her heartbeat was steady, she was saying all she knew. Fuck.
“Gabe.” Sam sighed and Gabriel looked between the two brothers looking much like a child who was denied a new toy. But he did do as Sam told him to do, though he only said that one sentence he knew exactly what the tall man wanted.
“Got you, any ideas is happening here?” He asked already to business.
“No, no, sweet we can go there. Wherever you like, if you want to go to Cythera that is where we will go.” Gabriel promised giving such an indulgent smile, “I have a place to~ I have to clean it out since I let her use it as a little hideaway with her lover boy, but she promised every time she'd send her nymphs to clean it top to bottom.” Gabriel chuckled and gave Sam, who looked shocked, a quick kiss before walking over to make the call.
“Well considering he kept calling me ‘my adored’ and touching me well…he wanted a piece of this sweet ass.” Dean shook his head, “this guy had a few screws loose, thought he could just pluck another Dean up and continue to ride off into the sunset.” He scoffed shaking his head, “we’ve got to figure out how to get him out; either convince or force him back to his own universe.”
“I will get away from you, you bastard.”
Canon!Castiel seeks out to find Dark!Castiel but he is getting Dean once again and again attempts to win Canon!Dean over.
“You were moving in your sleep.” He explained and frowned moving to the space Dean was obviously making for him.
“Yeah, me to Gabe, I’m not ever letting you go again.” Gabriel gave a happy shudder as Sam’s hands rubbed his back.
If Castiel was obsessed.
“Yes, bu-“ Dean ducked as Sam now turned his attack from Castiel to him. “Damn it!’ Dean grunted slipping around Sam and grabbing Castiel he flew the both of them away from his brother.
He still remembered the almost sad speaking of he had thought that Dean would be able to understand and hear his angelic voice. It had him wanting to apologize to him.
“You first, bitch.” Dean groaned and they knew it was hard to get him to say those words. He hadn't said 'I love you' since their mother had died. Of course he had gotten better since being with Sam again. Like Sam had said when Dean was dying from getting T-boned by a truck that they were just becoming brothers again. Once Sam had pulled away from him he had closed himself off. With his baby brother again he was opened up and especially now with Castiel and even with the closeness he had with Gabriel. It was different then what he felt with Castiel or even Sam, it was honestly what he would think of as a friend.
“Cas?!” Dean’s mind immediately went to his best friend and he began squirming trying to get out of the bonds even more and there was a chuckle and he growled.
“Calm down jerk, it's just that Cas is obviously head over heels for you.” He hummed and chuckled, “and yeah, so I'm in love with Gabe.” He shook his head and groaned, “and to be fair, I'm sure that Gabe deserves a lot better then me to. Hell, he wouldn't look twice at me if he knew. He'd run so fast.”
“So just touching a soul without a vessel is enough to marry someone?” Sam questioned then shook his head, “no, that's impossible; Gabe has never touched my soul.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So Deano!” Gabriel continued with a smile, “I'm craving something sweet.”
“Mom?” Sam questioned, he could never remember her, as she died on the day he was only six months old, if there weren't any pictures saved he wouldn't have even known what she looked like. But this was her soul, his soul recognized hers as she smiled reaching out to stroke along their own. The pulsing light of Gabriel's cheery red and Castiel's Prussian blue until they saw it was only a familial way and they calmed relaxing and smiled as the lilac of Sam and the forest green of Dean turned to their angels tugging them to press against each other in a intimement dance holding one another as they once again got acquainted with who they saw as a mother-even if only in memories and stories-and the closest thing to a father that actually cared for them they ever had.
“What are you doing with these kids?” Gabriel asked, he was the angel of fertility, and though he had stopped doing his duties but he still had his powers of being the angel of fertility.
Still he somehow had forgotten just how beautiful and shining with absolute purity Dean's soul was. He had seen martyrs and saints whose souls did not shine like his human's. He felt pride at that, he could feel the pride at having such a bond with a soul so pure.
He really hoped now wasn't when that phase was happening. Opening the door to the Dean Cave he stopped gasping at what he saw.
However Sammy had loved the pie. A lot considering that even now over twenty years later Sam still remembered that. It sometimes was easy to forget that everything he had done in his life up until Sam had left for college-even after-had meant to his brother.
“Love you? Your husband?” He kept laughing and Castiel frowned, this was his Dean, he could tell he was the same Dean from his universe, and was the Dean he had fallen in love with, and that a demon was not possessing him or taking his form. So, what did he mean?
“Fucking hell…” Dean groaned as he was shoved into the car with Sam in the driver’s side and Castiel hanging out in the backseat.
“I-I…” Castiel smiled a bit and offered his hand to Dean.
“Well yeah, we couldn't get a building being occupied.” Sam pointed out and Dean glanced at him in the rear view mirror where he and Gabriel were sitting together, pressed tightly against each other but not doing anything untoward.
It was not a simple salt and burn.
“It…it was Cas.”
“Her. Her name.” Dean explained before letting out a chuckle, “I was hoping you'd tell me that, Cas, she's yours after all.” He grinned as he saw Castiel's face. It was few times he saw such naked happiness at his face as he slowly offered his hand to the guinea pig.
Gabriel held Sam still stroking his hand across the tall hunter's side healing the bruises across his ribs then moving to heal the back of his head. “Better samsquatch?” Gabriel asked and Sam gave a smile nodding before noticing the gore on his shirt.
Gabriel opened his mouth to answer but stopped as he heard the door opening. Turning to see the shirtless dean with a dark blue toothbrush in his mouth made him raise a eyebrow. He smirked and was ready to tease him. He knew it would anger Castiel but that was part of why he did it. He would also anger Dean which was fun as well. He quiet liked the human, not like Castiel of course. He would never try to steal his littler brother's boyfriend and Dean wasn't his type anyway, they were too similar. But that was why it made it so fun to mess with him.
“Dean calm down, it’s me.” Castiel whispered and instead of going right to untying his hands he pulled the blindfold off of Dean and letting him see his face. “Dean.”
His right-now-five-years-old brother was fast asleep on the big chair that he always loved, that wouldn't be too big a surprise if it wasn't for two other things. Castiel, the right-now-six-year-old angel...fledgling...whatever he was, was pressed against him as well fast asleep. Castiel did sleep which was surprising to them but he didn't sleep as much as a human child needed to but apparently a fledgling needed some sleep.
Dean jumped pulling back and Castiel's free hand moved to grip Dean's scar once again and whispered to him, he hadn't pushed in yet and held still. “Dean, it's okay.” He promised Dean who looked up at him, the hand on his scar calming him slightly. “It's okay, there will be no pain.” He promised and if it were anyone else Dean would have snapped at them, but he knew Castiel was the only one who could promise that. However as he tensed waiting Castiel didn't move and Dean's brow furrowed and frowned.
He didn't even name it something like David or Daniel. He named it Dean. “I wonder where he is.” Dean looked back up and though his face was blank, he could see the look of pain in the angel's eyes. “I love Dean. Even if I can never have him.” Castiel whispered more to himself then the guinea pig in his hands.
“No, he demanded we all worship and love him as our new god.” Dean sneered and Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle, even a driven insane with power version of him should have known that Dean would not do that.
“Cat got your tongue, babe?” Dean, some Dean that he didn’t recognize reached forward and using a finger moved Castiel’s chin up to look into his eyes. Or he would if his eyes weren’t covering them. Castiel hated them, he couldn’t sense anything about this Dean, he was powerful, and at one moment he was a threat, but he had the voice and face of his beloved. He also needed to find out if his Dean was alright.
“Long furred ones require more attention since their fur has to be trimmed.” He explained and Dean reached foreword to grip his angel's shoulder.
So of course he didn't see for a long time how important it was. Dean would give his life to make sure as many people would be safe from the supernatural sons of a bitches as he could. “Baby is the only home I need.”
“Though the one thing is I can't promise what will happen if you choose to be reborn; you might end up human, but might end up as a supernatural creature. Might be female or male, you could be anything.” He hummed, “but that lilac and green will be together and the red and blue will be together one soul each and search each other out. Do you wish to do that?”
“Ready now kids?” The teal and magenta energy beings-the combination of soul and grace-looked to see god, or had they always known him, Chuck.
“I got a lot of books over the years. Some that I liked the most and I might have put them in other places to, other homes.” Gabriel shrugged and took a bite out of a chocolate bar he suddenly had, “I am not like you but I do like to read, normally just some light reading. I can't sleep.”
“Seriously?” Of all this time that this scarred up dark Castiel seemed to understand his references, now he was suddenly not understanding references like Dean’s Cas?
“You look kind of...worried. Oh!” She jumped as her bag moved and she opened the bag pulling out a guinea pig. Castiel's eyes widened as he realized what the air pockets were for. It wasn't a purse, it was a small animal carrier.
Gabriel was very similar to Dean in both were much smarter than others gave them credit for. Once Dean was more comfortable with him, he would start the pranking.
“Okay hold it steady.” Dean was watching over Jacob as Sam instructed Violet, both were learning about guns, they knew all the gun safety and now at a shooting range to practice themselves. Clean the weapons after every use, always treat them like they are loaded even if you think it isn't, always point it down, the works.
When they got back to the hotel Sam was reading through some of the more obscure books. Why not? When Dean had come back they had gone through all the books in both Bobby and his own collection and only one book mentioned it. One page in the book.
When Dean woke up, he looked around finding him back in the room that Scar Cas had put him. Oh no. No, no, no-No! Dean jumped up and threw the covers off of himself and hurried looking around trying to find a way to find his way back again.
I know this is a long time coming, but I enjoyed writing this and it's a decent length of a chapter. I hope you guys all like this and I just have to say, I love Castiel forcing Dean to relax some.
“Dean. Find Dean.” Sam said and both Castiel’s turned to look at him before sighing and nodded.
“Relax guys, the Calvary is here.” He chuckled and headed in and looked around sending out his darkness to find the people grimacing as he saw their injuries, two of them were gone and dead and he gritted his teeth, one was barely fourteen. Just a kid. “Fucking hell, if I had known he did it this bad I would have tortured him some more before killing him.” He turned to see a college co-ed, she was the most recent and had a broken arm but was fine, the least hurt.
“Dean really? How do you think I have several homes all over the place? I can easily get another property here to open up a bakery.” He chuckled before glancing over at Sam having his plotting look that Castiel instantly felt more then just a little worried about. He still remembered Gabriel's games from when he was a fledgling.
Looking through it all, he let out a shudder seeing Dean's soul once again. He could still remember the way it felt to hold it, how it clung to him. He felt the soul, which would fit against his grace and it did as he flew him from perdition, it clung to him but he forced it into his body which he then worked to heal his body.
“Maybe you should.”
He’d need to go more into depth, but now he knew his hunter was very much a hunter. He now knew how to find him: it looked like Dean and Sam were doing their family business as they crisscrossed across the country.
Sam grunted as he slowly came to and hummed before he groaned as the pain came zapping along his neurons, he didn’t feel very good but it wasn’t like he wasn’t used to it; he had dealt with a very hard life. He grimaced as his conscious hissed at him: nothing as bad as Dean’s. His older brother had sacrificed everything for others, and when he finally got the one thing that was truly for him, it had killed him.
That Gabriel was not his Gabriel, not who he fell in love with, just like that Dean was not his brother and that Sam was not him. Maybe given different circumstances he would be but that wasn’t him.  This just made his determination stronger, he had to destroy not only the bastard angel from his own universe but every Castiel ever.
It was time. Time to do this, the one thing that they didn't want to do.
He was too scared to tell him but he did. He did! Castiel would soon forget, forget all those whispered love, of Dean sending reapers out more and more so that he could enjoy the time with his lover. His husband.
- - - - -
“I always wanted to be a godfather,” Crowley said happily when Dean asked that.
“No, I don't think they will, however will we spend our time Sam?~”
Maybe Dean was right, Sam thought, maybe witches were extremely bad. When Sam had found the case in Texas he didn't think much about it. A simple salt and burn. He could have gone himself in all honesty, and now he wished he did.
“Okay kid, don’t worry, I won’t touch you. Just lay down, no one is going to bother you.” He promised him and once the kid laid down, keeping his eye on Dean until the demon exited his room.
“How long exactly are you expecting to hold me here?” Dean glared and Castiel looked at him shocked.
“She is disrespecting you.”
He knew that when it came between Heaven and the Winchester brothers, Castiel picked the brothers. Not that Gabriel blamed him, if he had to pick it would be the same pick as well. “Come on little bro, you don't think I'd suggest it if it was dangerous did you?” He asked and smirked and gave a wink to Castiel as he said the next part before turning to Sam and giving him a grin. “I'd never, ever suggest to do something that could hurt our darling hunter boys~”
“You know you can trust Cassie.”
“Yeah...it felt...nice.” He managed to choke out feeling how easily this could become a chick flick.
“I know what you mean, just take them all home if I could.” She giggled and Dean managed to force a smile but sighed and shook his head.
That was the wrong move.
- - -
The brothers looked up at each other, the green and brown eyes matching together as the last of the ritual ended. “Son of a bitch,” both were able to whisper out before the ritual was complete and it used the last of their energy both passing out onto the beds. Instantly their angels were right there for them seeing checking their safety.
“Actually it's Mr. Winchester-Milton.” Sam knew how they were getting but had to quickly explain, he was lucky that Charlie had been able to erase all of it, so he had to be on the up and up, they are becoming more and more like Bobby every day, no matter how much Dean wants to deny it. “We just got back from our honeymoon, none of us have been able to get new Ids yet.” Sam assured and that calmed the police man.
- - - - -
“Will do Sammy!” He smiled leaning down to kiss Sam's forehead. It was still kind of strange to hear the name 'Sammy' and it not coming from his brother's voice. He didn't mind Castiel and certainly Gabriel calling him it but it would take a long time to get used to.
“Oh, it’s the candy monster!” Dean chuckled and finally Gabriel paid attention to Castiel and Dean and gasped backing up a little bit and looked between the three.
“Yes, that sounds perfect.” Castiel agreed and Sam rolled his eyes. How was it even when they finally were together they still were doing their eye sex thing.
“That's a crap-shoot.” Sam whispered watching how his older brother visibly softened, he knew his brother would never say it, but some part of Dean wished to be a father, to work with kids. He had a magical touch when it came to kids, one that Sam could admit he was a bit jealous of. He loved children but it wasn't something that he could do like Dean or Gabriel could.
“You again?” Dean asked the demon version of himself and glared at him, but the demon didn’t seem to be in a teasing mood like he was before, being much more serious.
“The people I-Cas! How can you say that? While I'm 'relaxing and recharging' people will be dying. I have to at le-mmph!” Castiel cut him off with a kiss.
Of course it wasn't that different to how Sam and Gabriel were to each other but with a few exceptions. Sam wasn't touch starved and living with the constant fear that he would lose someone to walking away from him, sure he feared losing someone to death much more then Dean but not that they would just walk out on him one day, and Gabriel had been around humans for centuries, he knew how to interact with them to the point it was second nature.
“I didn't know that you felt that way Dean.” Castiel said and tried to find the way to sooth it, to let Dean understand that he did care. That every action he took was for Dean, even if it does usually blow up in his face. They did say the road to hell was paved with good intentions.
“What the hell happened to him?” Castiel didn’t speak, instead he stood and slowly walked closer to him.
“Hey Cas, your a true friend. I told you before; I'd rather have you no matter what.” Castiel couldn't help but smile, just like every time he heard something like this it warmed him. “What?” He asked and Castiel knew enough to not speak, Sam and Gabriel obviously got it and smirked as well. Dean glared hating being in the dark, especially seeing as in his line of work it could kill you if you didn't know what you were up against.
“Yeah, but...why?” Sam asked and Dean looked over at him and he looked around. “Dean, look around, the bunker you checked out, the amount of salt, the way it is laid out...they made it all by hand.”
“Yeah, but like I said, we were walking and saw some kind of animal attack the couple.”
“I don't know, but I doubt it. But if they don't like anything we can change it.” Gabriel promised even if he was starting to get worried about it to.
“Moose. Squirrel. Just the brothers I wanted to see.” Both jump turning to see the demon king of hell, Crowley. It had been a while since either had seen their sometimes alley, and him showing up now could not have been good news for them.
“I think you should wear a dress, Sammich.” Gabriel winked as Sam gave him a dead eyed stare.
Instead he sat in a nearby tree and watched for the cops to come, keeping his senses open and once the cops had come and found Jessica and secured the small two-story cabin Dean flew away. He was in the middle of flying when he felt a familiar presence, he took a sharp turn and ended up standing in an abandoned field but he didn’t even know what country he was in but he didn’t care.
“We can trim her, if she is who you want.” Dean assured and Castiel looked excited for a moment before frowning again. “What is it baby?”
He would find him.
“Do they always do that?” Gabriel asked looking between Dean and Castiel this being the first time he saw the two do their silent conversations through their eyes when his mind was not on other things.
“Even so, we could always braid his hair and her fur.” Castiel said and Dean laughed pulling away to peck Castiel's nose.
“Alone.” Castiel sighed, he knew what Dean was planning, but still there were several things that Castiel needed to gather. Food to stock the pantry and fridge, utensils and dishes since strangely the only thing completely cleaned out was the kitchen; he wanted to get some of those gadgets that he had a feeling Dean would appreciate as well as he would like to get something to drive in. He had become too comfortable in this body as well as traveling the human way, he didn’t mind flying however he didn’t get any pleasure from it but he did from driving along with Dean.
Sam grinned as he felt Gabriel clinging to him, pressing his front to the moose like human's back, the archangel's arms wrapped around his husband and mate's waist. “Come on sweet, let's go relax in the Mediterranean sun, the water is amazing this time of year.” Gabriel kissed Sam's neck teasingly pulling on Sam's shirt.
“I…I can’t, not without you.”
“I am, just not the one you have known.” Castiel finished and seeing the confusion he was about to try to explain more to him, but Dean then groaned and threw his head back.
“No, four hours felt like nothing, less then an hour would feel like just a tease.” Castiel perked up the slightest bit at that and whispered in a hopeful voice.
When adult Dean was back he was going to do something nice for him, maybe that Apple Harvest Pie that was a special from that bakery two towns over. It was ran by a nice couple-Kristabella and Rosaline-the couple ran Heavenly Decadence a bakery and small bookshop on the other side. Kristabella (the baker, Rosaline handling the bookshop and business end) also made blue berry cobbler that Castiel loved, he loved blueberries.
Was he protecting him from possibly getting hurt like Sam had thought or had Dean thought he would be killed? Did Dean want to spare his little brother from seeing his protector being killed in front of his eyes?
“You know exactly why. Don't you?”
“Oh back to the land of the living are you two?” Gabriel hummed draining the last of his coffee in one go. “Just the little thing that it wasn't just the fact that little bro touched you without his vessel, or even that it was your bare soul.”
“Hold on, I can fix it.” He said grabbing a little bit of sugar throwing it into the filling tossing it before spooning it in. He seemed satisfied so Gabriel began arranging the pie strips into a checkerboard pattern. “Well that saves having to cut steam holes.” Dean mused going to preheat the oven as Gabriel slowly worked the strips as he wants them.
“Dean,” he gasps but Dean took the chance to slip his tongue into Castiel's mouth.
Both looked up as they heard footsteps and saw Dean and Castiel walk into the kitchen, Dean was rubbing one of his green eyes with the heel of his hand. He looked normal as he would but at the same time there was something slightly different about him, he was so relaxed his muscles all loose and pliant and seeing his older brother so relaxed and well rested made it worth it for Sam. Or well, almost.
“What the hell Sam?!” Bobby was reaching for Dean, trying to pull him back and that was it.
“You should come Gabriel.” Castiel said before walking foreword to the human who he had such a bond with. “When Dean says to apologize you should. Even if you have nothing to apologize for.”
“Yeah. One guinea pig, plus stuff a hairless Cavy needs.” He added with a smirk and Dean turned to Dean leaning over Castiel pressed his lips to his mate's full lips. He was careful not to do anything to hurt or squish the pig and pulled away smiling as Dean kissed his forehead.
“Say it jerk. Before I start singing that stupid princess song from Hercules.”
And when he didn’t, he instead lost his brother.
“Cas?” Sam called as Castiel looked up from the old book. One of the first books. Gabriel had read it to him when he was but a fledgling, showing him how to read.
“True, I guess that is how you two idiots managed to keep alive.” Gabriel snarked but the tone of voice he used was far too gentle to be taken as an insult. It sounded almost...affectionate. “Anyway, let's see.” Gabriel walks over to Sam pushing his fingers into Sam's hair so he could lightly press his thumbs against the tall man's temples.
“I’m not walking down the aisle.” Dean stated and Sam guffawed at the mental image of his brother in a wedding dress.
Word had spread through the Hunters and the monsters that Dean Winchester was back on the scene. They had thought the older Winchester dead and the younger one retired from hunting, but they were wrong. Dean was back and he was back in business, but this time instead of focusing only on monsters he instead went after any evil, he didn’t care if they were human, monster, demon or angel. Of course the angels ran from him or apologized for even gazing upon him, scared of his….his ex-lover? Ex-husband? Husband? Scared of Castiel.
Castiel couldn’t believe it, looking right into the eyes of the man he had fallen in love with. Fully his hunter, the only dimension whose Dean was exactly the same as his Dean. He had his hunter standing right in front of him, the green eyes watching him (glaring more than anything but he loved that as well) those eyes were so alive.
“Good job Jake!” Sam cooed as the baby, still slightly unsteady on his legs when it came to moving faster and not getting distracted. “Keep going, come to daddy.” Sam continued on, he had not wanted to raise the children as hunters and was shocked to find that Dean agreed with him entirely, and it was their own husbands who wished for them to teach the children how to defend themselves and to know what will happens when they are older so that they would know what to do and how to protect themselves.
“I can take care of myself.” Sam tried to assure but Gabriel didn't let go and if anything seemed even more protective.
“He...he made you promise to kill me?” Sam repeated and though normally Dean would snark he could understand that Sam was just realizing what had been said. Though Dean had been a young child when their mother had been killed and their father went off the deep end, Sam had only been a baby, he had no memories of their mother. Sometimes Dean wondered if Sam resented him for that, if that was why Sam's heaven was getting away from their father and him.
“You drink bean juice all the time, jerk.”
“Relax Dean,” Castiel cooed and his hands were on Dean's shoulders slowly, kneading them and Dean let out a gentle moan as Castiel began massaging.
“Gabe~” Sam whispered kissing along his neck nipping at the pulse point where shoulder met neck.
“You did not say it is what you wanted.” Castiel pointed out and tilted his head a slight bit before seeming to understand. “Do you think it is all you deserve?”
- - - - -
He laid out the bedding as well as the water bottle where he filled it and put it in an easy place for her to get it. He got out the burnt umber food dish which he stuffed with timothy hay. The little blue eyes were watching him and he smirked with a smile and think to her even if she couldn't hear him. It was something he often did to animals, it comforted him in a way same as with small children. Don't worry girl, you'll have your place soon. He promised sprinkling down the little wooden sticks that were made for guinea pigs to chew on as the salesman had told him.
- - - - -
Violet 3, Jacob 1
(See the end of the chapter for
- - -
“What else is new?”
“Dean.”
“You know we need to wash these. Cas? Come on.” Dean called and they all looked at him shocked.
“Cas-”
“Yeah, and I wouldn't have it any other way.”
“No.”
“So, this is what you’ve been up to?” He turned to see his baby brother and shrugged a bit looking back at the flowers.
- - - - -
“I do know one couple. They live in Texas; she's really good at baking and he is good at making a relaxed place to work but not too relaxed.”
Dean!
“But as far as what this means, basically your ours.”
His Dean was not just dead, he was gone. Gone forever. Even Billie could not help him.
Humming he began taking up the knowledge as he did. Angels did not gain knowledge in heaven the same way, angels of knowledge (or librarian angels) such as Raziel oversaw different parts of knowledge and would share their knowledge with other angels. Here though, here Castiel would need to absorb information.
“The what?!” Sam screamed shocked.
“Everything is going to be fine, lollipop.”
I saw somewhere the idea of Castiel falling down a hill yelling out 'as you wish' to Dean and it makes me smile. I always view sabriel as very sweet and just cute, they will have just as much sexy times as destiel, it is their honeymoon after all, but I just wanted to do cute sweet stuff for them, you can imagine the sexy times they are having.
Now was not the time to think of that now though. He tipped his head back and slowly breathed in deeply through his nose. Dirt, fresh turned soil and grass; he was in a field or the forest. Good. Sitting up he began slowly skimming his hands along the ground until his hands batted against his Book of Shadows and then his hat he stood on shaking legs and tugged his clothing to straighten them.
“Why not be patient in your own dimension?!” Dean sassed back and Castiel frowned.
“We will find some family to take care of them.”
“All of what?” Dean knew what he was saying but hoped that would be enough for Castiel to know that he didn’t want to talk about it. He knew, but that wasn’t going to keep him from making Dean talk about it.
Only his.
If Dean had known that Castiel had picked up two personalized rhubarb pies both enough for two people he would have forced the salad down with gusto. However it was a happy surprise when at the end of the meal Castiel pulled out the personalized pie and he shared it with his ravenous mate with a scoop of ice cream on top.
He didn't go further until he felt his hunter squirming and started to tug at Dean's sleep pants. Dean moved to start to unbutton Castiel's own shirt and his angel smiled humming as Dean stroked at the newly exposed skin from his unbuttoned shirt.
Castiel was fast asleep and his nose twitched in his sleep.
- - - - -
“Heh, oh Castiel pies are well and good but nothing compares to red velvet cake.” All three turned letting out identical shocked gasps.
(See the end of the chapter for
Still Castiel did not want kill Sam, even as he was trying to kill him, and Castiel felt a bit of fear that he might be able to do it. Dean, despite his demonic ways now, he would not be happy with Castiel killing his little brother.
Castiel Winchester.
The spell was a de-aging spell, it turned the angel (how that worked Sam didn't know and didn't think he wanted to know) and hunter into children. Barely old enough to be children, Dean was five years old as he had told him while Castiel was six. How the two knew that, knew he was Sam; brother and friend, and they were best friends but didn't remember anything. Castiel didn't remember being a angel, Dean didn't remember he had already raised Sam still trying to take care of him, nothing.
Castiel spread out his own wings, they were substantial and though Sam couldn't see his own and Dean couldn't see Gabriel's but that didn't mean they weren't there and could press against each others. Instead Castiel wrapped his wings around Dean, all but blanketing him in the mass of black feathers. He waited for Dean's quick mind to see it. The glowing blue spot.
They didn't know how but one second they were there and the next second they were in the hotel room that they hadn't seen before. Looking up though they saw Violet and Jacob who were sitting on one of the beds with a few books and a large atlas book that the angels recognized as the gift that Sam had given them while Jacob was cleaning a weapon, the training from Dean.
Castiel blinked Dean from his uniform of jeans, boots, tank top, simple shirt and plaid open shirt over top of it putting him instead in a worn black shirt and a pair of checkered sleep pants with a blink of his eyes. For the first time Castiel could really see the amulet and Castiel gently stroked it, feeling his own, the one from his Dean, burning against his collarbone.
“I don't know Sam.” Dean shrugged and Sam somehow, someway, managed to keep his facial expression clear. He didn't want to anger Dean with pity, even if it wouldn't be pity but Dean's natural defense mechanism would come up.
“Grace, Bella, and Amara?”
Castiel held back, he knew this wasn’t his Dean, but it was the Dean of this world. He listened in and hid behind another aisle. “Dean I’ve gotten the butter.”
“Calm, my adored, calm.” Castiel moved forward and stroked Dean’s cheek, not allowing him to pull away. “Did you think we were meant to never feel love?” He chuckled, “make no mistake that we take it much more seriously than humans, to mate is to belong to each other forever. When we angels walked among humans long ago, before Lucifer rebelled, two of my brothers and one sister mated to a human.” He then hummed, “what I am now, the closest thing is god.”
He was scared to know exactly what his relationship with Castiel was and could be. There was always this nagging feeling that there was more. More that he had no wish to find out about. He was comfortable with where his relationship with the angel was and had no wish to find out about that little bit simmering under the surface was.
It was something that Sam hadn’t realized as a child himself and he still regretted he never thanked Dean for it. Dean had stopped being a child at four and had to take care of Sam. He became a long-suffering parent with nothing as much as a thank you. Some of his pain must have come through as the woman began to speak.
“What’s wrong? Dean?” Sam questioned looking around and Castiel took a few deep breaths, making sure that he could speak. Calling back to his training, he was a warrior of heaven after all, Castiel forced himself to remain calm.
“Get the fuck away from me!” Dean screamed and Castiel froze paling before Dean continued on, “god damn it! I’m done with this fucking pass-the-Dean! I don’t care that your Dean died, just let me go you scarred fuck!” Castiel relaxed as he realized that Dean thought he was the other version of himself and probably was pushed past his limits.
“You just suddenly showed up!” She yelled and Castiel barely restrained from rolling his eyes.
“Dean, come on don't talk like that!” Sam looked over at Dean shocked and Dean shook his head.
Dean often would glare at him but at least he would take his meals with Castiel and even if he ignored and refused to look at him didn’t ever send Castiel away from him. Knowing that he was in a pocket dimension meant that Dean used that excuse to walk out of the home.
We do owe you an apology for turning Castiel and Gabriel invisible but really what choice do we have? The unresolved sexual tension between the Winchester Boys and Their Angels is so famous it even reached us! It reached witches!
He'd have thought that since they now shared a king sized bed to sleep in and considering that Castiel had been holding him when they fell asleep. “What's up Cas?” He asked rubbing his eyes, just like the puppy dog eyes staring the two of them would always do-which everyone else called eye sex-and so it still made him jump to wake up and see those electric blues but he didn't freak out as much.
“That's the problem, you overworked the dough constantly rolling and re-rolling it.”
“Yes, not like us. It took me a while to get to know you fully but we didn't take as long as those two lovable idiots.” Gabriel teased and Sam turned and smirked at him leaning over to kiss him.
He tried again and the Dean he found was nothing like the Dean he loved, dark and destroyed over time. He was nothing like his Dean. Somehow that was worst. Castiel wondered if he was wasting his time but he would not do that. The first universe he looked at had been extremely like his Dean, just too different. He would have to keep looking, he would look forever for his Dean.
“Talking? What was I saying?” He asked a bit worried, he often enough times had nightmares but it wasn't like how he normally would. Sometimes he would wake up not remembering his dream but he would know the feeling. He felt fine, refreshed.
“...Mom?” Dean managed although he hadn't thought of her for a long time, having finally put his guilt and shame to rest. He even put to rest the thoughts that she would accept Castiel. She had once told him that there was an angel watching over him, he didn't know if she believed in god-who he found out existed and was a writer named Chuck-or if she somehow had sensed Castiel or whoever was there.
- - -
Castiel had a lot to do but he made sure that he moved fast. His first order of business was to get a car, of course he knew that they would be driving in the dear Impala, but he needed his own transportation to.
At a supermarket picking up-if he knew Dean, any Dean-ingredients for a pie, probably blueberry which was one of his brother’s favorites, and that was the Gabriel he had seen and had kissed. It was only a moment, but it was like having his Gabriel again.
“Wh-what?” She asked sounding scared and he didn’t blame her, even though she could only be around for a few days and probably only been fed on once or twice she was still scared.
“Yes, but you and Robert Singer are his only family and he might not really be too close knit acting but he does love you and wants you in his life.” He explained and chuckled, “and honestly I think we could be friends in our own right, but the fact that you love Sammy so much means that you have my respect to.” He added and smiled at him, “I am bonded to him just as you are bonded to Castiel. What you have in the back of your mind, what you are scared to admit to even yourself you feel for Cassie...he feels that way for you. And I feel that way for Sam.”
“I could put some sound canceling runes on the walls between our rooms.” Gabriel offered and that seemed to relax Dean and Sam as well.
“Who says you have to go anywhere?” Gabriel asked and nuzzled his face against Sam's neck. “Just continue to be you and I'll continue to be me. Sound good honey?”
Sam noticed it was a lie to, but not from looking at Castiel. No. It was Gabriel. The look of shock and confusion on his face and the slight glare at the younger angel was kind of obvious. So why then? What was it that Castiel wouldn't want Dean to know?
He wanted to reach foreword and stroke the feathers to see if they were as soft as they looked as they made a pod around him. But he was too sleepy.
“Calm down bro,” Gabriel tried to keep his little brother calm, “Deano has a problem with self worth.”
“This is...strange. Not bad strange,” he assured before Gabriel could pout or look hurt. “Just...weird strange.”
“So not only will you lose me someday, but you’ll lose our kids to?” Dean said that so simply, like it would happen and Castiel froze, pulling Dean to his chest.
They didn't do too bad. Opening everyone had been curious about the building that was opening and came in to check in. The scents of the little pie-lets Dean was baking, all of them a single serving pie so that they didn't have to worry about cutting the pieces and they didn't do too badly.
After he had calmed down he headed back inside and Castiel was honestly surprised at that. He watched them longer and longer getting more and more worried for his precious hunter. No matter how he tried to comfort him he couldn't do anything to make him feel better.
“Yes Sammy,” he smirked “we have a profound bond.” He smiled as Sam felt somehow...accepted hearing that.
It was a start, his Dean was a hunter and considering how he acted, like how he acted making the police investigation into a joke as well as finding a way to get Sam out and to safety. Already this Dean looked like a good match. Had he finally well over a year did he find his Dean?
And so they did.
Neither angel would care.
Castiel could not care less about anyone else but his Dean.
I would so be okay with the trickster angel or angel in a dirty trench coat undress me~
“Yeah, baby bro and Dean-o are family, they can be a part of it either a wedding or a bonding.” Gabriel promised him with a grin.
“Excuse me?” The scarred Castiel growled out glaring at him, Sam didn’t know it but even if he was an alternate version of the Sam he knew and considered a brother, he still blamed him for the death of his Dean. For the pain that Dean was put through and soon would be put through more, growing pains. “Dean is none of your concern anymore, I am merely here to collect some of his affects.” Castiel could have replaced them easily, it would require barely a thought to make a replica of the bunker in every way, but it felt wrong.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hummed as he took a long pull of his beer humming from the familiar taste. “So, what exactly is your angle?” Dean took another nacho, this Scar Castiel was even more of a busy body than Sam was, he insisted on an appetizer for worry that it had been too long since Dean got lunch after they had interviewed the police. They had gotten loaded nachos: three different kinds of cheese, finely sliced jalapeño, sour cream, chopped bacon, all that good stuff. It was good so why not, and Dean was always hungry.
“Over one hundred kinds of pie?” Castiel asked and Dean shrugged.
Dean was shocked, this wasn’t his Castiel, he knew, but he knew the man. He was his best friend, one of the few who ever earned that title, he trusted him. No Castiel, no matter the universe, could be evil. Plus, with how much he talked about love and care so much he didn’t strike him as evil, he was more like a lost little boy than an evil dictator. Maybe he could get through to him? Convince him to go back to his own universe, to dedicate himself to the family business, or go back to heaven or something? Hell, even keep searching through universes, surly one of them had to have a Dean who lost his Castiel? Something.
“Not as crazy?”
“Yes, mate, and I am an angel.” Castiel pointed out, “you do not need to fear.” Castiel said and Dean did not get it, he didn't say anything and that had Castiel confused, his new husband was normally a lot faster on the uptake. “I can fly Dean.”
Every last one would pay for it, if his best friend was able to kill Dean than any of them could. He had once thought that Castiel would be his brother-in-law. Sure, he couldn’t really see marriage for either Dean or himself, but something. That if they ever were lucky enough to make it to old age, they would be in rocking chairs. Three rocking chairs, because Sam had lost too much, not just Jessica but someone he loved even more, but Sam Winchester was made for loss, he didn’t want to lose another one, he couldn’t open his heart up for anyone else.
“Yeah, these things aren't demons but close enough. I call them psychic vampires, regular vampires feed on blood but these things feed on psychic energy.” He explained and sighed stopping and looking towards the darkness that withered, much darker then it should be on such a bright and sunny day. Cave or no.
“Please, look again,” he pushed the photo closer. “He could be in danger,” he heard a nearly silent gasp, he knew if he hadn’t lost his voice, he wouldn’t have heard it. “His boyfriend…his boyfriend is dangerous; he killed our father and nearly killed my brother.” He pointed to Bobby, though Bobby Singer wasn’t their blood, but he had taken care of them like a father would, a lot better than John Winchester had. Dean had tried his best, but he had been just a kid. Dean had never viewed himself like that, even at twenty-seven he looked back at himself as a small child and expected him to act as an adult.
“Dean…”
“It's Sam.” Sam rolled his eyes long since growing tired of the childish nickname.
“Well...when I learned about mythology I kind of always thought that Cythera.”
Dean didn't know what to say to that, and luckily Gabriel didn't seem to need an answer instead turning on the TV to pass the time as the pie cooked.
When Sam came to he looked around seeing that Gabriel was holding onto him. “What happened?” Sam asked and Gabriel smirked moving Sam's left wrist which was burnt but didn't hurt. He moved his wrist seeing that hands wrapped around his wrist where he can see the fingerprints.
Sam was getting a bit worried about Dean, him being kidnapped twice he didn’t want it to happen three times. He had spent more time his brother being missing than he had known where he was in the past few weeks. So, after a while he followed where Dean and Castiel had been and froze to see Dean in Castiel’s arms and they were kissing.
“You wanna know what did happen though?” He gave a laugh again but this one was full on mocking, “what did happen was pain. The most horrible pain I’ve ever known.” He sighed seeming to have calmed down at least a little bit. “Even the demons took some pity on me, told me what happened, that you broke our connection.”
“Cas?” Dean asked after a few minutes half asleep and half awake now.
Neither could ever tell anyone, but their parents were freaking badass.
- - - - -
“What are we going to name him, you mean.”
“Oh my mate, I’m not going to fuck you, I’m going to make love to you,” Castiel easily took control and Dean grinned, they could work through this, and it would be just one more thing they overcome.
They did share a profound bound.
“Night kid, sleep well.” Dean whispered before leaving the room with the door cracked.
“Oh come on Cas, it's just apple pie-it's a classic.” Dean took his own fork pulling off a piece and shoving it into Castiel's mouth. “Angel that has been to hell and back afraid of some pie.” He shook his head at that and Sam blinked at all of that. Dean was getting his next bite but paused seeming to realize that the fork was his fork, yes, but it was also the one he pushed the pie into Castiel's mouth. Blushing he realized it had Castiel's lips on it. It had his lips on it.
But for whatever reason Sam's powers were obvious when he was five instead of two. His binding was done differently. If it was because of the different binding, or his age, if either Sam or Dean's binding was done wrong, if it effected them differently, or it was just because of random chance was anyone's guess but for some reason seventeen years later at twenty two Sam's powers started to again manifest, while Dean's passed the seventeen year mark and more never showing any powers.
“I have said it before and I'll say it again, I hate witches.” Dean groaned but still his arm was slung around Castiel's shoulder and didn't seem to be moved away any time soon.
“Dean?”
He could give him a happily ever after.
“I-I can't fi-find D-De.” Castiel managed to get out past his sobs using the nickname he had given Dean two days ago after he got the rock that made Sam grin.
“You don’t mean that.” Dean looked shocked for just a moment before glaring even more.
When they found a possible case that was up in Pennsylvania they drove that way in Baby. Normally Dean would jump at a hunt but this time...this time he almost didn't want to go. Shaking his head he nearly screamed at himself. How could he be so selfish?!
“In heaven we all share everything. But...”
Castiel got back to his pocket dimension with a grin. Not only did he bring Dean his beloved Baby as well as his weapons. Sure, it had been hard to get past both the cheap copy of himself as well as this version of Sam Winchester. Still after a fight with Castiel he was able to collect the weapons and car a quick fire starting in the bunker allowed him to escape while Sam stayed behind to put out the fire to save the books while Castiel chased the alternate version of himself.
“Dean…” Castiel whispered and the demon king looked over at him and chuckled.
“You may be a different dimension, but you are the man that I fell in love with.” He hummed and remembered something, it was so simple, how could he not have thought of it before? “I think there is a failure in our communications adored.” Dean didn’t say anything, but he wasn’t saying anymore hurtful words at Castiel which the angel-turned-god took as a good sign.
“Excuse me, scar face?” Castiel hummed moving to him, stroking along his shoulder.
“Sam!” Sam turned and focused, reaching his magic out and froze as he felt the familiar grace that he hadn’t known for so long. “Oh Samshine, what’s happened to you?” Gabriel gasped seeing the metal covering his eyes and that something had happened, had hardened his Sam.
“Dean, you could do what Robert did,” Castiel pointed out frowning as he thought of the grizzled old man who was like a father to his love as well as his love's brother who was at the same time his best friend and his brother's love. “Be the one who finds hunts for other hunters.”
This was beyond mating, this was offering Dean every single part of Castiel, this was more than intwining them and making them partners, this would make Castiel be owned by Dean.
Castiel groaned as he slowly got up, he was hurt, badly. But not dead it would seem, so at least that was something. Focusing he flew back to the bunker and walked in breathing softly when he was finally in the bunker. The one place that felt like home anymore.
“Cassie and I were cursed.” Gabriel answered not being able to help but smile as he felt Sam's arms on him tighten as if to protect him.
“De...I don't think you can reach it.” Castiel frowned worried as Dean continued to stand on his tip toes but there was no way he can reach it. Sighing Castiel moved to grip Dean's knees lifting with his knees, pulling him up so that Dean could (just barely) reach it. He still had to move it hurriedly but managed to get it on the coat rack.
“Most people don't view it as owning; same as when they say something like 'my son', 'my husband' or hell even 'my bond mate' doesn't mean you view it as owning. Despite being possessive.” He added with a chuckle and Castiel saw his point.
Seeing Gabriel on the bed so broken and hurt, refusing grace from Castiel, refusing to even speak. For such a mischievous teasing person to not talk...if he wasn't so scared and worried he'd be...he didn't even know but some new feeling wrapped around his heart and squeezed it mercilessly when he thought of that dark time. But the relief and happiness when he finally spoke after begging him. In truth Sam couldn't remember what he had said to him to get him to talk but he was so thankful to it. And when he sacrificed himself to give Dean and Sam a chance to run, he was now gone forever, even god thought that he was truly dead.
- - - - -
Being linked, even with the archangel and seraph being earth-bound, the angels knew what was going on.
And a lifetime of following that and being kept safe by his older brother who loved him so well and would sacrifice what he needed to, to keep him safe and happy kept him quiet now. “Right. Back seat.” Sam shut the passenger door and climbed into the back seat.
Dean shrugged, unbothered about that. “Hey we have to fight monsters; it's the family business.”
“Coconut?” Sam laughed and Gabriel nodded and tapped Sam’s nose.
“Well Tiramisu and Pixie, I think someone might be adopting at least one of your siblings.” She cooed turning and walking away.
He couldn’t even begin to think of how he’d wake Gabriel up when he felt power coming to him and his hair stood on end. Demon.
“No Deano, a psychic vampire.” Gabriel corrected and Dean sighed.
“Wait, what?” Dean pulled away from him, “I thought you were the one who killed him?” It had never been stated but over the week Scar Castiel had shown that he blamed himself for his Dean’s death.
“I kinda like it.” Dean grinned and they looked at the angels who smirked.
“B-but Samsh-”
“What’s happened to you?”
“Does that mean you're my bitch?” Sam teased but the last thing he was expecting for Gabriel to was sigh, it wasn't a annoyed sigh, almost a dreamy one. One he had heard the girls in his college make of a hot guy they liked.
Ever since losing his hunter, seeing anyone else being happy felt wrong, how dare they be happy when his hunter was not there, that they could smile and laugh without him being here; even seeing a different version of Dean with a different version of himself wasn’t. But this was different, he could feel happy hearing this woman.
Sam headed to open the door and gasped as he saw the man that was standing in front of them. It was the face of his best friend, but it wasn’t him. He remembered once that Dean had said some very chilling “when I looked into his eyes, I did not recognize the guy staring back at me!’ but this time he could understand it, those eyes were cold and the scars on his face were pretty obvious. This is the Scar Castiel that Dean had said. The angel who had attacked and kidnapped Dean.
“Gabe, the fuck?!” Sam asked pushing the candy bar away, “what in the world is going on? What do you mean yours?!”
Sam Winchester and Castiel weren’t doing so well finding Dean, they were mostly working under the idea that Dean had been thrown into a pocket dimension. That raised several problems, not the least of which was finding the pocket dimension. In order for a pocket dimension to exist the entrance had to be tied to a place. Thanks to the fact that Dean was human more than likely the other version of Castiel had set it up on earth somewhere. While technically Castiel could keep someone alive and fine in space, in theory at least but there was never a need to do so and he couldn’t see any version of him taking the chance with Dean.
“There is a way to not have to lose each other. For Dean and Sam to remain together and Castiel and Gabriel to remain together. You'd find each other again as soul mates are meant to do. Chuck promised, offering an option that neither had thought that they would and the god smiled.
“You aren't Cas.” He tried to pull away as Castiel's eyes looked at him, silently calling out to him. “I can't see Cas's wings.” He pointed out and Castiel's eyes widened, his wings started beating as if now that he knew Dean could see them he wanted to drive it home.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Even if you don't need the words you deserve them.” Before Castiel could wonder what he meant Dean forced the words that were true, it was only his fear of losing someone so precious, that made it hard for him to say them. “I love you Cas. I need you.” He whispered, even if his angel didn't know it to say he needs someone is even bigger thing. Dean grew up being so self-reliant to need anyone was even scarier then saying 'I love you' but he'd do it all for him.
The outside was painted a hunters green paneling with the shutters were painted white, in gold across the big window for window shopping it read the name. The Angel's Nest.
“What more is there?” To Dean, who had lived on diners and snacks, one night stands and out of motel rooms not knowing for sure if he was going to live to see next week, much less next year, the idea of being in a committed relationship was more commitment than he ever thought he would get a chance to do.
Either way it did feel every bit as good as he was told it was when he was still a fledgling and had asked with a childish nativity.
“Father?”
“I will be yours, if you are mine.
“We are bond, I want to enjoy some time with you.” Gabriel explained and Sam frowned at that and rolled his eyes sweetly and chuckled. “Relax sugar! We'll be back before lunch.”
“Never. I'd never hurt you.” He promised and held him tightly, “but there is more that you are wrong about. I can love you back, I do love you Dean.” He whispered holding him closer so he couldn't pull away, catching Dean's face in his hand he tilted his head so he could look into each other's eyes. “I love you Dean.” He repeated now that Dean could look into his eyes again, understanding and knowing he was telling the truth.
“Sammy,” Gabriel whispered on Sam immediately his hand reaching out to push some hair out of his dear moose's face.
“It’ll be okay my love,” Castiel assured, they would finally have a happily ever after, a chance to finally have the life they deserved.
“Dean,” he breathed out in the gravely voice of his, sounding the most like the angel. The demon king rolled his eyes, of course no one could see behind his glasses and he didn’t actually have any eyes, but they could sense it. He held up his left hand putting all fingers but his ring finger down where it was slight, but it was visible; on his finger was a ring of pale skin where he would wear his wedding ring. “Beloved,” Castiel whispered reaching up to grab his necklace where the ring was sitting.
“Of course.” Castiel didn’t understand what was coming but he was only thankful that Dean seemed okay; Dean didn’t seem to have any injuries, in fact he seemed as healthy as possible. Castiel had always made sure to clean Dean and Sam’s inside up but Dean always needed more, not to mention that despite the fact that Sam was a dear friend he was a brother to him, thinking of Dean like a brother physically hurt him; with Dean it was always more.
Sam came from out back where he had been working on a garden he grew. It had been a dream of his, that one day he would marry someone, settle down with his spouse, in a moderate house (not overly luxurious just nice) with the whole two-point-five kids and a dog. The one thing he wanted that wasn't part of an 'apple pie life' or was more just not something everyone did. It was a vegtable garden that he would have vegetables, a handful of fruit and even herbs.
“Yeah, we just have to roll out the dough.” He moved to the oven to preheat it, “get the rolling pins.” He added and when he turned around Castiel was holding two rolling pins. “I'll do the crust you do the top,” he handed it to Castiel and his angel followed what he did to a tee. Normally being watched so closely would be uncomfortable for Dean but he found he loved being the sole focus of those blue eyes and even though he'd never admit it even to himself but thanks to focusing on the crust himself he didn't have to think about it too much.
“Come on man, I don’t know what you’re on about but I’m not your Dean so just-“ Dean trailed off finally really noticing the way that Castiel-not the same as the Cas he knew, Scar Cas, was looking at him. It wasn’t like he wasn’t used to the staring, he and Cas looked at each other all the time, it was easier to understand each other with a look than with words, but the way Scar Cas was it was…it was different. He was looking at Dean like he was all that was holding him together, he sometimes saw (or at least thought he saw) something similar when he looked into his Cas’s eyes but never like that. Nothing so hungry, so…desperate.
“I never killed Dean you know,” Gabriel whispered moving over to grip Sam's hand, “I couldn't bare to kill someone held so dear to you, plus he didn't do anything to deserve to die plus he was the kind of guy I could see as being a friend.” Gabriel added and Sam looked at him shocked and glared but there was no heat in it, he couldn't do that.
Perfect.
- - -
“Not what I meant Castiel, just that I'll be put into a place meant for just...mates...for the angels.” Dean wasn't used to using the word for a lover but it made sense as Castiel wasn't human. “Makes it sound like a...like a army wife.”
“Yeah heard you a few times Cas.” He shook his head and Castiel frowned.
Seems Dark Cas is winning Dean over, what do you think?
Dean groaned and Sam, who had been unnaturally quiet throughout the entire time, sighed. “Well...looks like I'll have to do it.” Sam said and everyone looked at him and Gabriel's jaw tightened.
Here's the next chapter, I really like this chapter with how it showed sabriel
“Fine.” He took the mug and downed it in a few gulps, he winced but finished it, “I don’t get how you can want to drink that flower water.”
Dean grinned as he skewed a blade through the vampire, he knew that it wouldn’t die. Dean could easily have killed the vampire either by cutting off its head or using the First Blade instead, but Dean wasn’t going to let it go so easily. He was going to make this fucker suffer.
“Fine. We will work together, but only until we fine Dean.” Dark Castiel said and glared at the two, putting the other version of himself down.
“What are you looking at, scar face?” Dean glared taking a step to the side, trying to get away from him and Castiel felt anxiety pool in his stomach.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you,” Sam whispered into Gabriel's head cooing to him and whispering his love for the sweet trickster the entire time while Gabriel held tightly to him whispering back the same love to him.
“It is hard to feel the time tick by when the bond is so close to complete.” Castiel looked almost reminiscent, “the time it took me to raise you up was much longer then it felt. It felt like moments but it was actually two days.”
“We really ne-“
“A hundred and thirty-eight? So, there was a hundred and thirty-eight universes without us?!” Dean was shocked, that also didn’t make any sense. He had messed around with a handful of other universes but only one didn’t have them.
“Hey dude, angels aren’t all good-hell besides you most are dicks with wings.” The demon then hummed tapping his chin with a single finger, “than again thinking about my ex-husband, maybe you are a dick to.” He then gave a happy shudder and moved his hips a bit, “but you have a good dick, so that’s okay.” He chuckled as the two looked at him and he gave a wink, “so you don’t think that demons can be good?” He shrugged, “whatever, just be on the lookout.”
“Yeah...I guess so.” There were so many; normal ones yes but there were also ones that had long fur, that had curly fur, and there were even ones that had no fur at all. “I, we are thinking of adopting one but we don't really know what it is they need.” He explained and she smiled and looked over to the small rodents and she grinned.
Castiel was able to tell Dean that the only reason that he hadn't told Dean was to keep from burdening him, that he had nothing to worry about. Dean normally would be curious but wouldn't say anything but right now with the archangel talking like he was he would need to know. There was no way his angel was getting out of this.
“Wait, they finally got to it?! Get it Cassie!” Gabriel cheered and Dean began blushing which had him falling back on anger to bring attention away from it.
This Dean was not just like his Dean, this Dean was for all intents and purposes was his Dean.
Still Dean said nothing.
“Okay, throw everything in the bowl.” Dean added putting the cinnamon in and Castiel answered with a 'okay' throwing in the little bit of nutmeg. “Now we toss it. Not like that!” He yelled as Castiel picked up the entire bowl about ready to throw it like a baseball. “Like a salad man!” He move Castiel in front of him, grabbing his wrists to show him how to toss the apple filling. His chest pressed tightly to Castiel's back.
The king of hell smiled.
“Listen Jessica,” Dean had to tap into his charm, whether it was from his human life or from his own demon persona he didn’t know nor care. “I need your help sweetie, you’re obviously the least hurt,” he hoped that it was something you could tell by looks but would make something up if that wasn’t the case. She didn’t want to see it and would ignore things, “I’ve got to untie these guys and check out the rest of the house in case there is anyone else.” He promised her and she sighed and took a deep breath and nodded.
“Fuck, that doesn’t sound good. Can you look through pocket dimensions?”
- - - - -
“Sorry man, I can’t untie you.” Dean groaned but turned away from the straw being offered to him, “okay, whatever.” The man said, “they’ll probably show up before you really need to drink. Honestly you’re lucky I don’t kill you, but I guess it’s not really your f-“ he suddenly cut off and gave a chuckle, “it’s show time.”
“Sammy-“ Dean started but froze as the man turned his magical attack instead of against Castiel onto his older brother. Dean’s face twisted in pain as one hand went up to his head. Dean’s life had been pain and want since he was a small child, to show so much pain, “you aren’t my brother.” Sam spoke the daggers that if he knew his mate, Castiel knew that would hurt more. Dean’s love and dedication to his brother was the very core of him. “You’re just some black eyed bitch who took over his body,” Sam growled and Castiel knew he wouldn’t listen to him but had to try, that was Dean, Castiel could see his soul and not only that the bond they shared couldn’t be replicated or faked.
No, Dean’s attention was transfixed on the leather cord dangling from his neck. It was the first time he had seen the necklace; the very familiar necklace. He had seen a cord once or twice under the shirt but hadn’t thought too much to try to see more, he always had more important things to worry about.
“Wh-where did you get that?” Dean asked and Castiel looked down, seeing the slightly swinging pendulum of his necklace and ring. The memento of another life.
“Philadelphia.” He grinned as the brothers blinked shocked, Philadelphia? As in Pennsylvania?! They had been in Iowa before!
“Isn't it like how angels look at each other?” Sam asked and Gabriel shook his head.
“Well you did take up a lot of energy.” He pointed out but it didn't make his archangel blush or react anything like that, instead he just smirked and winked at Sam.
Castiel somehow knew that, he could look into Dean's eyes and there was something humming in their bond and he leaned towards Dean. Even as he got closer and closer-closer then he had ever gotten and still Dean didn't even pull back though he could tell his hunter was getting a bit uncomfortable.
“Dean's right, he was just a child.” Castiel pointed out and Sam rolled his eyes.
If only a little bit of distance could keep Castiel from hurting him. Sure being sent to hell and being smite would hurt like a bitch. He knew exactly what kind of hell would be brought to him when he was sent there. But to know it was Cas who sent him there, seeing the disgust and hatred in his blue eyes...
- - - - -
“Where am I?” Castiel asked taking a step back and Death froze before watching him and then looking down at himself.
“Oh…well that isn’t something really bad huh? You were dimension hopping to find a replacement Dean so what’s wrong with a Dean doing the same, maybe looking for a Cassie?”
“Yeah, I...I don't know how to take it.” Dean sat down and Castiel did as well, taking his time to taste it and finally looked over at Dean.
“Nah, I don't much care for fish.” His face pinched at the thought of fish and shook his head and chuckled, “I take such a bookworm that you must like more then just research?” He grinned as he saw Sam's hazel eyes brighten up. “Well I just may have some signed manuscripts from author's you might like. I keep the signed ones here in this house that is warded with protection sigil from both supernatural forces and natural ones. Even human ones.” Sam looked at Gabriel with undisguised awe as he thought about that, having seen the books he kept in the house what were the books that he would protect them specially?
“But all of that can be decided on later,” Castiel took a step back and could feel himself preening with the way that Dean looked shocked, out of his element, and like he was three steps behind what was happening and lost for how to catch up. It gave him a power trip, that this beautiful man who was always quick on his feet and was smarter than he ever let anyone know (how he hid his intelligence, using others’ underestimation of him to his advantage). “For now, lets go. First thing is to get you to relax.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Him? Dean? What did you do to Dean?” Sam questioned and Scar Castiel froze, for just a moment his eyes flashed back to the normal blue before the entire eye became white again as he turned to the younger Winchester. “What did you do to Dean? Where is my brother?!” Sam growled out and Scar Castiel sneered but before he could say anything the other version of Castiel spoke up.
“Shut up Gabriel.” Castiel glared at the arch angel, “I want nothing that Dean doesn't, just like you wouldn't want anything Sam doesn't. Our wants are irrelevant when comparing to our bond mates.” That was all that needed to take the mischievous teasing wind right out of Gabriel's sails.
What scared him most, there was a chance that Castiel really was as strong as he claimed.
That got kind of heavy at the end but I am glad how this went. I promise this is pretty much how heavy it will be for a while. This is a big life decision for them.
Once he picked it up and Sam was looking around shocked and amazed Gabriel handed him one of the scoops and wrapped an arm around the tall hunter's waist flying him away to France, landing them on the top of the Eiffel Tower.
The three men looked from one and another and Castiel saw that Sam was shaking, light tremors, and he began to wonder if he was in the wrong. He had done this hoping that maybe if he started to try to heal the wounds he left he could calm the raging storm inside him and honestly Sam was the easiest one to do at the moment, bringing back his own love.
“No I wouldn't!” Both brothers jumped looking behind them to see the angels. “Wait...did you hear that?”
“Please, make yourselves comfortable.” Rosalie added going to a cage where she took out the guinea pig and put her back in the large cage where there was a second guinea pig.
Castiel wanted him. Wanted him in a way that even human marriage couldn't compare to.
The room had a nice bed, a chest of drawers, two bedside tables and that was it. Dean had made it more personal for Castiel as much as he could, he found a coat rack made of maple wood, a nice bookcase and a comfy chair he moved from an unused room. Castiel had appreciated it and had gathered a handful of books for the room and even a print of a picture he managed to take of the alps that he liked to visit every once in a while.
“Do you still want me that way?”
He was more than happy to get out of here.
Which he would tell himself until the day he died, no matter how much lying he was doing to himself.
“Then I want to go for a walk.”
Castiel went shopping just for the bare necessities; bread, eggs, milk, salt, pepper, parsley, rosemary, meat tenderizer, thyme, sage, onions, bacon, hamburger, cherries, apples, beer, water, juice, flour, sugar, butter-both a tub and in sticks-yeast, brown sugar, corn starch, and the like. He knew as Dean had gotten more and more comfortable in their life he had started to bake more and more, Dean loved to bake but it wasn’t something he normally could do nor was it something his father would have approved of him being interested in.
He was gone before he even thought about it, zooming through the air on his leathery wings before he even thought of it.
Dark Castiel goes after his runaway hunter and tries to convince him to stay.
Dean came to and looked around shocked as he was tied to a chair and looked around trying to see exactly where he was, but he saw nothing. He was blindfolded so didn’t really know where he was but could tell he was somewhere different, but still indoors even if it doesn’t have air conditioning. He was tied to a chair, he tried out what was manacling his wrists and could feel the harsh feel of ropes. Nice. Those were usually easier to get out then cuffs and as he felt around, he froze as he felt taut-line hitch. Fuck. This is not going to be as easy as he thought.
“Damn it Cas.” Dean groaned looking away from him, back down to the kitten who had all but fallen asleep against his chest. “I can't know that there is things like this out in the world and not do something about it.”
While his baby brother was upstairs in the 'home' part of the building, Dean was downstairs inspecting the 'bunker'. If Sam had thought that they were well stocked in the kitchen he had seen nothing yet. That was just their emergency salt. Along with two big buckets of salt in each room as well as iron. Down in the bunker there was a walk-in closet type of thing which was full of salt, lighter fluid, boxes filled with matches and lighters, and iron rods. In other parts of the bunker there were places to hold all manner of weapons, and there were spaces for the weapons that was in the back of the Impala but also extra knives, stakes, guns, salt rounds, bullets, holy water, everything.
“Cas no! What the fuck!” Dean screamed but Castiel didn’t stop, he knew that this was best, he wouldn’t kill them, they could still talk to Dean like they did before but not this time, there would be no chances for them to separate his mate from himself. “Damnit Cas! I said stop!” Dean tried to pull on Castiel’s arm, trying to grab at Castiel’s face, his nails going across Castiel’s eyes and lip trying to get him to look at him and relax, Castiel reacted defensively hitting Dean sending his mate right into the wall.
I have two possible endings to this story, and I hope you guys will like either. There is a handful of ways I can take this story, so hold on.
He might not have been able to save his big brother but he sure as hell would make sure he saved other versions. Even ones that Dean was already gone would die, even ones that his brother never existed would suffer.
Sam meanwhile was holding back his laughter at the looks of disgust from Dean and Gabriel humming at his own salad sipping his tea as he and Castiel smirked at each other at the looks on their own mate's and brother's faces.
Dean jumped back, throwing himself against the wall. That worried Castiel now, truly worried him, Dean was afraid of him. “Dean?”
“Why bother? Maybe let's bake a pie?” He offered as Dean raised an eyebrow and Gabriel grinned. “Don't look so shocked Dean, I like to bake sometimes.”
“Dean, I-“
He waited until she was gone to turn to the others who were still cowering. “Listen guys, that guy was a vampire. I killed him. He’s dead forever.” He promised and the people looked at each other, they knew he was a vampire, they had no way to deny it. “Just so you know the way you kill a vampire is cut off their head, not a stake.” He added before they could question or think and he began to untie them, being as careful he could of their injuries. “All those stories about monsters are real. Be careful. Don’t walk alone, just take your life that you are living in a horror movie.” He then pulled back and smirked a bit. “Everyone good? Good. See ya!” He added and before their eyes he disappeared. He wasn’t going to just leave them though.
Is there any bonding more pure then a bonding over cute animals? Lots of gratitude to the love of my life, and her extensive guinea pig knowledge. Gods know that I am way out of my depth.
“That’s the thing man; it’s you. A different you. From another dimension.” Dean explained and Castiel went stock still.
“Come onto an angel?! Especially you?” Castiel flinched like he had been slapped, “you sometimes triggered my gaydar but sometimes…not.” Dean shrugged, “anyway I didn’t want to give you a reason to leave forever or throw me back into the pit.”
“Cas?”
“There are a hundred and one reasons why it would not be the same.” Gabriel shrugged, “it could be since he is the Righteous Man and had fate making things happen.” Gabriel pointed out and hummed thinking of other possibilities, “it could have been a different ritual; even if it was the same if it was made even on a different kind of year or day it would be different to.”
“How could he say those things be said and not kill his mate?” Castiel asked and Gabriel gave a sad smile.
“Not now Cassie, we’ve still got to get one more thing before getting hitched.” Gabriel grinned and waved at Dean flying off with the seraph to gather the last thing. Dean chuckled but turned to head back up to the roof to tell Sam, this would be their last moments alone, before either hunter twisted their soul with the grace of the angel that is their lover.
“A...home?” He asked and Castiel gave an impeccable nod. A home. The one thing he ever wanted. The thing he always wanted but was sure he would never have. A home. A family. Sam, Castiel, and newly added but he was a part of the family to, Gabriel.
“About the bond.” It wasn't a question but Dean answered anyway.
By the time this Scar Cas realized he was gone, hopefully he would be in some town or city and calling Sam to figure out where he was. He didn’t care pray to his best friend, who knew if that other-dimension-knock-off would be able to hear him, exactly what he did not want to happen. He was running from him after all.
And man did Gabriel know what to do. He slipped Sam along, his arm holding his, passing by all the amazing historical sights taking a long enough time that Sam could get a good look at them before pulling him into a bookstore.
The room was absolute silence. Sam was looking at Gabriel like he didn't know if he should be flattered or concerned, Dean was waiting to see if Gabriel tried to do anything to his baby brother, Castiel was watching Gabriel like he was trying to decipher what he was getting out.
He walked slowly, Dean had gone back into the room, maybe Dean just had to get calmed down. Maybe it was just that Dean didn’t like him showing up suddenly? He remembered even when comfortable in their nest Dean hated that; insisting that Castiel walked around their home the human way, silly but Castiel didn’t mind it.
When Castiel found Dean he frowned, this wasn’t Dean, he focused to read the woman’s mind. Deanna Winchester, Castiel didn’t like the idea of her, she wasn’t his Dean. He’d leave the woman with her sister and Castie or whoever. She was not right. He wouldn’t be seen by this Deanna but couldn’t help but hope she would be happy. He could see parts of his Dean in her and wanted happiness for her. As well as those who she loved.
“I know man, we’ll find him. Dean’s tough and at least we know this guy doesn’t want to kill him.” Sam promised, he had his own guilt to deal with as well as trying to keep Jack safe, he didn’t know if he could keep Castiel from losing his mind. He wished Dean was here, even though if Dean was here than Castiel would have no reason to freak out.
“E...East of Eden.” He whispered looking down, it was something he had decided when he began to believe in god and angels and praying, he never told Dean. By the time he heard about it and believed in it Dean was already a hardened hunter. He saw too much evil that Sam was a little wary to tell him, he never hid it but never mentioned that he prayed every day. Prayed for his big brother, prayed for Jessica's spirit, prayed for those who needed to be protected. Dean had simply shrugged and moved on, much better then Sam thought that he would react.
The answer was shown a few moments later when he passed an impressive bar that acted as a half wall showing an impressive dining room with a adorable hutch that looked like it had bees carved into it and there was sketching into the glass showing the dishes had pictures of little guinea pigs.
He had to always follow the Castiel that had taken away the only one who Sam had left, and that damn angel had always jumped from one universe to the other before Sam could find Castiel and some…some Dean had died before Castiel had found him but that didn’t change the fact that it was the angel’s fault. He had watched over Dean since he was born!
“How come Cassie's pie better?” Gabriel asked and thought for a moment, “is it a different recipe or better apples?”
Sam went to take down the left side of the huge building and Castiel went down the middle and ‘Scar Castiel’ took the right. As the angel walked down Castiel looked around, throwing out his grace trying to find something. Dean was somewhere here, and he needed to find him, find him and keep him away from the other version of himself. The scarred up turned god, he didn’t know how he would take him down, but he’d find a way, he would protect Dean from him.
At least they were cute.
“Oh, Sammy what happened to you?” Gabriel reached for him and touched his face and despite himself he melted a bit, putting his hand over Gabriel’s.
Dark Castiel gives Dean a tour of his new home, Dean doesn't like the idea of staying there, Scar Cas goes to pick up some supplies and he remembers happier times.
However he was stopped by the waitress coming. “Hey guys, all done?” She asked and they nodded and handed the plates to her. “So, dessert or do you want a check?” She asked and it was Castiel who spoke up.
“Sam? What happened to you?”
“How do you feel about some bad over philosophical movies and some of this diabetic coma waiting to happen?” Sam offered with a smirk and Gabriel chuckled.
“You have nothing to worry about, I feel no need to be worshipped, you on the other hand…”
(See the end of the chapter for
- - - - -
“Shh.” Castiel whispered continuing to allow his grace slowly wrap around Dean.
When they stopped at a nice restaurant where they could sit outside to enjoy the sky painted pink, purple and blue as they had their dinner. Gabriel ordered a Guinness while Sam went with tea, even if it felt so cliché to get while in England. He took a citrus shrimp and avocado salad while Gabriel got a steak with a side of grilled asparagus.
“This is not your universe.” Sam stepped up beside his older brother and the demon just gave him a smirk.
“We can't stay here.” Dean groaned moving to pack his bag again, after all this time he was getting pretty damn tired of it.
“Dean? Dean?! DEAN!”
“Thanks Gabe.” Sam whispers and before Gabriel can ask the taller man's lips were pressed against his and Gabriel didn't care so much about finding out what Sam was thanking him for exactly.
“Don’t you even think about it, you fucker.” The god jumped turning to see the hell king.
“I’m sorry De-“
“I don't know Sammy.” Dean looked down obviously feeling ashamed, normally that would have Sam worried and calm as Dean so rarely did but when he did...he was so much stronger. He could see, though he rarely thought of it as Dean was so much older then him and always seemed like an adult more then just an older brother to him. In a lot of ways Dean acted more like a father to him then his own dad had been. Seeing Dean as someone who needed his own help had never occurred to him, it had always been dad and Dean, he being on the outs. He never considered the idea that Dean was like that trying to take all the hunting that their father had wanted to spare Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, Cas?”
Every few decades Gabriel would change around his last name having landed on Milton last time the official story was that Castiel and Gabriel were cousins who were with the Campbell brothers. Of course they were used to going by all sorts of names so it was no big deal for them, Castiel chose to go for Novak in honor of Jimmy as well as his daughter Claire who was doing well becoming a hunter and her girlfriend Alex, and had been able to move on and though she would always love her father she had been able to get over her anger once Dean had told her just what a hero her father was by becoming Castiel's vessel.
“I think its abandoned, kiddo.” Gabriel frowns looking deeper into it, probably seeing the past of it or some other angel crap.
“Well that is good, considering I am the same when it comes to you.” Dean was probably smiling one of the sappiest smiles he ever allowed to take over his face, but considering he was driving and so looking at the road he didn't mind enough to try to fight it. Instead he moved his hand in Castiel's so their fingers entwined and they rested their hands palm to palm with each finger hugged by two from their mate's hand. “I think the long furred one would do well to have the name Bella.” Castiel said and Dean raised an eyebrow.
“A hunt?” Dean questioned looking at him like he was crazy, “since when do you want to hunt?”
“Okay.” Dean seemed pleased with how Castiel was downing the tea, having not realized till then how thirsty he was. “So what happens you're in what? The 2010's?” He asked and Castiel nodded having Dean chuckle. “Well it hasn't happened to you yet, but later on I...I become Death.” He explains and Castiel looks at him with wide blue eyes. “Didn't you think it was strange I could wear Death's ring?” Dean asked with a chuckle playing with the ring that Castiel now realized he recognized it on his right hand. On his left was a golden band.
“Father said you would not mind!” She was obviously happy that Sam's husband was right and Sam was shocked that his lover, his husband, was able to know how he'd react but he shouldn't be. Gabriel seemed to always know when it came to him.
“Huh?” Gabriel questioned frowning, it was showing that he wasn't much of a baker. Why would he when he could snap whatever he wanted into existence? Baking took too long and home made was just the same as when he made it appear and it was never a problem. His real reason for this was he wanted to talk to Dean.
Dean's throat went dry as he saw the remembered pain and fear and worry. He had seen how worried that his angel was for him when it happened but also saw how much it still made him fear. If Dean didn't know better it could be that fear that Castiel had that one day his hunter would die.
“Why not just drive with us? Weren't you saying it was taking up energy?” He asked and Castiel just looked at him like he knew there was more to that.
- - -
“Live your life, darling, enjoy your time with the Sam of this universe.” He then disappeared and for the first time in more years than he knew, having lost track long ago, he ran away.
“Kansas.” Gabriel answered and Dean looked between the house and him before staring into Castiel's eyes in his normal eye sex thing. “You two need a base of operations.”
Dean was only wearing some sleeping pants, though his normal sleepwear was his clothing. Even shoes he would wear in a hotel, it simply was because he had learned the hard way monsters would just rush into his room.
“You ran several miles through the forest, take a shower and a nap. Let’s all sleep on it, see if it helps us to think of something. This isn’t something we can do easily.” Sam convinced him and Dean agreed finally.
“As my mate and husband, you mean love?” Gabriel didn’t look up but nodded, “of course, I haven’t loved anyone like this since Jess,” once upon a time it hurt to hear him say her name but he had accepted that a small piece of his heart would always be hers, and another part of his heart would be for his brothers Dean and Castiel, the majority of his heart, the parts he wanted most, were Gabriel’s and only Gabriel’s.
“Wait, you’re not-“
“Good.” Sam smiled turning the book around, “thank you for caring for him so well. I want him in my life but I'm glad to know that you will take care of him and watch over him.”
He jumped turning to see Death enter who looked at him with his normal stoic expression before grinning which is so strange to see on Death. “Cas, you're here again.” He sounded...happy...
“Why?” The officer's suspicion was spiked, but still he sensed nothing untoward about them, and considering how long he had been on the job he trusted them.
“Hell of a way to start your lives, huh?” The officer said and Sam nodded sighing.
“No. Apple is your favorite. We will make an apple pie.” He all but demanded and Dean sighed shaking his head and held his hands up.
“Oh really, and what are you then?!” Dean sassed crossing his arms and Castiel chuckled.
But what he had found was not a home or a place which held Dean but something that defiantly once had. A large crater was left that still reverberated with the power his counterpart had. Wherever he had gone, it was not anywhere near here. He could be literally anywhere in the entire world.
There was also a chance that he hadn’t put him in a pocket dimension and that meant he was somewhere on earth so either could work. They just had to find him. Searching the entirety of earth was not a good thing, but a lot of earth was water, more than likely it was somewhere more practical.
- - -
Every time he lost him Sam broke, more and more each time, but this was different. Not only had he lost his brother and surrogate father in one fowl swoop, not only did he lost his eyes and be injured, it was just dumb luck that he didn’t die. It was his best friend who did it. He would destroy the abomination.
“Very well my treasured.” Castiel agreed putting his two fingers up to Dean’s face, he struggled not knowing what the scar Cas was planning to do to him but when he did, he was suddenly in a large foyer.
Dean Campbell, Samuel Campbell, Castiel Novak, and Gabriel Milton.
“What are you talking about, she’s been nothing but friendly, heck she is downright bubbly.”
Dean no longer had a cocky smirk and a wink with those green eyes that were still just as youthful and bright as when they had first met at that dark barn. That he would never again moan around the piece of perfect cherry pie or tease Castiel.
Ch 1, Don't Leave
With a bright golden light he gasped as the animal grew quickly and he looked up seeing that Dean was sitting in his lap where the guinea pig once was Dean was now straddling his lap, holding to his shoulders.
“Gabriel?” Sam whispered.
Sam Winchester, though he had dropped his surname a long time ago, he was no longer a Winchester. What was the point? He had felt pain when his biological father had died but it was nothing compared to when he lost Bobby and his brother in one go. He had no Bobby, who was more his father than John Winchester ever was, the only person who had more of a claim to claim to be Sam’s father was Dean. And it hit even harder, he lost his brother, it wasn’t like the first few times he lost Dean.
I hope you guys enjoyed this and it made sense, I think that Dean and Sam could easily navigate a forest even if they were weapon and tools-less. I’m figuring right now the story is maybe half done, but maybe it will be a few more chapters than I think it will be.
“He…he’s a king of hell.” Castiel sighed, “I felt pain, just as much as when I held his lifeless body in my arms, but I appear fine.” He then looked away from Gabriel and out the window, “but how could he be my Dean and it not kill me?”
- - - - -
“Apple.” Dean raised an eyebrow but grinned and pulled out a pie from the fridge.
They bought all the coffee cups, tea cups, plates, bowls and baking dishes a set of pretty blue. With that they were ready to start up.
“For me.” Castiel answered, “I may no longer be an angel in power but I’m still an angel.” Dean gasped as he heard that, being a demon he had learned more about angel customs, for their relationship Castiel wanted it to be about Castiel and Dean instead of angel and human but Dean now knew exactly what that mean.
He was warm, a slight flush to his cheeks, the gentle movements of his stomach, chest and shoulders of his breathing, the light wispy sounds he made as he slept, the twitching of his eyelids causing his lashes to flutter slightly, the light pulsing of his ceratoid artery of his neck, and the slight twitches of his legs and fingers. Not to mention how warm he was, a warmth that was not just a corpse taking from a bed but a warmth that he was radiating like a room heater.
“I love you to papa.”
- - -
They didn't know how Crowley did that but the new story was that they were Gabriel and Castiel's cousin's children that they were the only ones left in the family and so took them in. Dean and Castiel took in Jacob while Sam and Gabriel took in Violet, but since the two couples lived together they had nothing to worry about since the siblings were going to be continued to be raised as siblings.
“Seriously bitch?”
“I can't. The only way it will be undone is when we hear whatever it is whoever cast this hex wants us to hear.” He said frowning looking over at Sam, who was currently passed out over his books. He tried to push some hair out of his eyes, of course the hair didn't move.
“Hey man…uh…how about some breakfast?”
“Of course you'd say that.” Sam had once been jealous that Castiel so obviously liked Dean so much better then him. For so many the two of them were a package deal, you couldn't have Sam without Dean and most defiantly couldn't have Dean without Sam, but had become used to it. Plus with the obvious sexual tension between the two he had a feeling the bond that Castiel had spoken of was more then just a friendly one.
Hades, who was always a kind man, had been nothing but accommodating and had explained that Dean Winchester had not been at the River Styx nor had he crossed it. Anubis had been confused to see Castiel, and though the god of funerals had been kind it was clear that Dean had not come near the Duit. Hel had mocked Castiel for his views, even though she sensed the power of this angel/deity but had explained that Dean was not there. No underworld held his Dean, which meant that he was still alive. But where was he?
He’d have to make miles and miles of road. All kinds, straight that he could just get hypnotized, twists and turns and winding. All the kinds that he would like as well as places that he wanted to go. When he entered, he froze seeing the carvings in the wall. Some of them were pretty creative insults. It was annoying for Dean to be so hesitant about him, especially since just last night after they talked Dean allowed him to stay in bed with him, saying nothing even as Castiel had molded himself to his hunter.
Now that they were ready he slowly sent out his grace to slip into Dean finding his soul which he covered in his grace fully. The blue of his grace and the burnt umber of Dean's soul mixed and mingled until they were just one being. He could tell when his hunter sensed it as he was gasping and moaning past the point of vocalizing it beyond just the sounds he would make, not that the angel was much better.
“We are not set to just be in North America Dean, there is other places for us to go.” Castiel smiled at the shocked face and Dean shook his head quickly.
“I know for a fact your powers would work Sammy.” Gabriel then looked to Dean, “I do not know if your powers would work Deano. Just because you both have powers they could be different.”
“Mates have their own space, their own place that only the mates can get to.” Castiel added and his wings moved to wrap around Dean, “when you die-of old age, I will make sure-then you will go to the angel version of heaven. You won't relive over and over again, you will be there with me. You can also bring anyone that you wish if you and Sam want to spend time together.”
“Yeah well, your mine as much as I'm yours, and that's enough for me.” Dean assured and stroked Castiel's dark black hair. The angel hummed at the ministrations from his hunter.
“If he did that, if I was in his position, I’d hide it.” Castiel sighed and looked down, “I won’t give up Sam, I won’t stop till I find Dean.”
“Please Dean,” Castiel rarely said that and that might be why Dean’s head snapped over him, seeing for the first time as he relaxed some just how tired the angel was. Not only did Castiel look exhausted but so did Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once they were sitting Dean placed the box down onto his angel's lap. Castiel looked curiously at Dean before opening the box that Dean had oh so carefully carried and gasped seeing the Cavy down moving around the bedding.
- - - - -
“You said there was a chance, did you really mean it? Even if I have to do something to really prove it?” He asked and then continued on as Dean nodded. Dean didn’t think he could, to prove that he was committed to Dean, this Dean, just him and only him. Not any Dean Winchester but him, no alternative universes, but he’d let him try. Something was held out to him and Dean reached for it, feeling the supple leather, and felt along the collar.
“So here?” Castiel asked after they had finished playing around a bit, looking at the spot of open land that was just outside of the city limits. Far enough away that no one would question the goings-on in the house that would be built. Gabriel had already set to work using his alias of Gabriel Hesslinger. Having been on earth for so long and the ability to magic things into existence he had more then enough money to buy things several times over if he wished. Of course most of it went to helping the innocents he could along with homes for him to stay no matter where he went throughout the world. He was a master at hiding from his siblings after all, even if most thought him dead. And he made sure this time they would fully believe it so much that even if they someday got a hint he wasn't they wouldn't believe it.
“Let it go?” Castiel was incredulous, “I thought I lost you and instead you were being tortured, and I left you there, left you to be tortured, and I lost you.” Castiel looked down and it left Dean without knowing how to really answer that. He did. “Is there a chance Dean?” Castiel sounded so broken but he wasn’t surprised at that, he was broken. “A chance for us?” Dean was silent after that, so silent that Castiel thought he had left and when he saw that he wasn’t he was about to ask him again when Dean spoke.
But that wasn’t what was important right now, so Sam ignored it but promised himself that he would bring it up to Dean after they took care of this latest emergency. He might actually kill them.
“It would appear so,” the whole Godstiel thing was still a sore spot for Castiel who preferred not to think of it. Think of all the people he killed, how he treated his friends, and that it was all caused by his own hubris. If he had just listened to those around him who were trying to council him in the right direction, especially Dean himself, it could have been avoided.
However those thoughts were far away as instead Sam was tearing down the bunker like a man on a mission. He was lucky that neither were in a 'I don't wanna take a bath!' phase, he knew that neither he nor Dean ever went through that since living pretty much on the road they never really got to the point where they didn't appreciate having a shower in their space and could shower.
“That's what Bobby said.” Dean answered looking around the small town, “but he didn't say what it was, only something weird was going on.” He shook his head and seeing a convenient parking place pulled up into it.
“Hello little one.” Dean whispered moving to open the cage and gently pick up the rodent, not wanting to scare it. However it surprisingly did as he wished it to do, almost running to his hand. Being careful he pulled the guinea pig up and placed it against his chest. “You are too beautiful.” He whispered gently taking his free hand that wasn't supporting the guinea pig against his chest to stroke the little white tuft.
“But I-“
“You seem surprised, Dean.” The sudden voice had Dean jumping, looking over to see his soon-to-be husband. Fuck. Soon-to-be husband. Never had Dean thought he'd be married, he didn't think he could ever since he never thought he could fall for another hunter-two twisted people together doesn't sound like a good idea-nor could he ever take someone who had no idea what was out there and tell them all of this.
“Shut up.” Dean glared at him, how he could do so many things, roll his eyes and glare even if he didn’t have eyes was shocking to Castiel. Or maybe the angel turned god was used to reading him. “Do you really think that I will just forget what you did? I had to feel our bond all but break in hell; do you have any idea how horrible it has to be for the demons torturing me-demons I’ve exorcised and had more than just a few bones to pick, hell a whole skeleton, with me to pity me?!” He shook his head and Castiel felt sick, he had been trying to ignore it but his bond with his husband was nearly completely broken, it was impossible to break it fully, at least not without the words and like the alternate Gabriel had told him, meaning it.
What they were clutching was nothing but a corpse. Bones and muscle and skin. Chemicals. Minerals. Nothing. Just used up meat sacks. Their mates, their husbands, their hunters, were gone.
“Is that so?” He put his hand on her forehead holding her down as he went through every part of her mind. He had to focus to go into her mind more, searching for everything instead of what she was thinking just then.
Sam was going crazy with the current situation, his brother was missing, he had to call for Castiel and unfortunately the angel didn’t often come when Sam called, he was always there when Dean called but when it came to Sam it was harder to get in contact with him. Sam didn’t often mind, especially since Castiel and Dean had a ‘more profound bond’ whatever that meant. Sure, it was kind of ironic that Dean who never had faith in any religion even when meeting actual gods didn’t believe in any of it, while Sam prayed every single day an angel would be so close to him. Sam could understand though, and after…
sides. Dean did not know if it was because of who he was or because he was raised and trained to be a hunter more than he ever was a kid, but he was claustrophobic; agoraphobic to but he was slightly better with agoraphobia. What he hated more than closed in spaces or wide-open spaces that are easy to be attacked in was being held down. Being pinned down was an extreme no for Dean Winchester. He immediately started to squirm, more just silently letting Castiel to let him go than really trying to get away.
“It’s okay, Cassie brought me back, I don’t know how but I’m back lollipop.” Gabriel smiled brightly.
“I don’t know but Dean…I want Dean to be a part of it-Cas to.” Gabriel chuckled and nodded.
“Mmm...Cas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks Gabe, I needed to hear that,” he whispered leaning down to give him a sweet kiss. He pulled away as he heard a gentle aw
“Heya Cas,” Dean grinned, he had listened to the same voice for the last several days but it felt different, the deep gravelly voice was the same but the inflection was so different it was like talking to two different people.
“I’ll go with you.”
“Are you okay?” He asked and Dean nodded.
“I know.” Castiel agreed, “but still you could have a home somewhere, travel to hunts.”
“I'm back to normal?” Dean asked feeling his chest to see that he was in his normal body to. “Good, damn I hated being in that guinea pig body.”
“Wait, needs a psychic?” Dean asked and Gabriel nodded, “don't psychics have more psychic energy? Like a human with extra ordinary powers?” He asked as he didn't know much about people like that; Wiccans and pagans tended to go for that and even train themselves. Though Dean wouldn't hesitate to kill witches, not Wicca and pagans, they were just people who worshiped as they saw fit, they weren't hurting anyone anymore then how another religion worshiper might. Just for some reason those who had a natural ability tended to go toward the nature based religions, but they were still human. And he wasn't about to use a person as bait.
“You still have it?” Gabriel questioned, it had been years since his death, that Sam even had it struck him. Sam looked from it to Gabriel and gave him a smile, stroking Gabriel’s face.
“No, I didn't like being in Ms. Venitian's car but here...it smells like cloves, leather and...something else. Metallic somehow.” Castiel hummed not having anything to continue on just relaxing more and Sam chuckled.
“I agree.”
- - -
“Maybe call Uncle Crowley?” Jacob pointed out and Violet smiling remembering their dear godfather who they called uncle. The demon king took to being a godfather like a fish to water, according to the stories despite being friends their parents were a bit worried but eventually started trusting him.
“No man, not like that,” Dean hurried to correct their assumptions.
“What the fuck?!”
Do you need to go to the Bunker? Get patched up?
Sam frowned as he opened up the cupboard and saw that it was stocked full of flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, brown sugar. All kinds of baking needs, on another shelf was spices and though he hadn't gone through them he could see both savory-like garlic salt-and sweet-like cream of tartar-he also noticed that on the bottom was filled to the brim with salt. And he knew those weren't really for seasoning their food. The angels had thought of everything.
“Then why did you do it?”
Gabriel growled worried. Why couldn't they have waited? Even being a archangel making so much from almost nothing was exhausting even with the help of Castiel who while in name was but a Seraph was in power an archangel.
“Thanks Cas.” Dean whispered and smiling Castiel nodded.
Dean smiled and looked up and down at his lover. “Well, you look damn good Cas,” Castiel smiled and leaned over to plant a kiss on his hunter but stopped as he felt a pull on the back of his armor.
Whatever he was doing was helping as he cooed in a language that Dean didn't know. “What do you mean?” He asked before shaking his head, “they are yours to, you should name one.”
He searched everywhere, no animals had a human, no supernatural creatures were within a fifty-mile radius. No Dean. If it wasn’t for the fact that Castiel could still smell Dean’s essence of honey, sandalwood musk, and crisp apple and the leftover vibrations of the power of his soul against the walls showed him that he had found his Dean.
“Oh Dean,” Dean had said those three words, telling him he loved him, just once but this was so much more. Castiel answered him with kisses and pushing the ring onto Dean’s ring finger. Dean smiled and caught Castiel’s face with a hand cupping his jaw, pulling Castiel into a slower kiss before putting the other ring onto his angel lover’s finger.
“I'm the last to say this Cas, but you know we have to talk.” Dean said looking at the done pie as he put two generous pieces into separate bowls some vanilla ice cream waiting to be put on top.
“Except for Jack and I, and it doesn’t say anything about it having to be only this universe’s version of me.” Castiel finished for him, shaking his head, “and I have no idea where he is.
They paused as they felt something dark, something wrong. So very wrong. Gabriel and Castiel both flew to that place and shivered not liking it as they felt something.
He was there and seeing Dean walking out of the gas station Castiel hurried over to him, “Dean!” He got out before both he and the green-eyed hunter jumped into each other’s arms, “you’re okay.”
“The town sign said Tapoco, I’m in North Carolina,” Dean was every now and again thankful for growing up in the Impala, and today was one of those days. He couldn’t think if he grew up in one place, he wouldn’t have a memory of some of the more rememberable names of towns in different states.
“Babe?”
“That's gunpowder Cas,” Sam adds as they had all three been talking, Sam planning out for what they would do. Dean had requested nothing but pie, but Castiel wanted burgers, luckily stuff they all had in the bunker. At home.
This cahpter was supposed to be a sabirel lovey dovey date. Ends up with Gabriel giving Sam some sibling advice, but then again that is expected of a lover, to be able to give each other advice.
A vacation even is not something he had a lot of chances to have a vacation, and definitely not a honeymoon. It felt like it was going so fast, but he knew that Castiel still viewed him as himself, he didn't expect Dean to become an apple pie life, instead he would live as a hunter, in two worlds, with him.
John promised. Obviously he lied.
He wouldn't think anything about it but the slightly shimmering he saw and saw that there was grace shining through it. Grace was bubbling beneath the surface of that scarred skin and shining through it. Grace Scar.
“Oh and you must meet Gabe!” She giggled and turned to him and Gabriel was already up and with Castiel, throwing a arm over his shoulders.
I hope you guys like the reveal of what this creature they are hunting is. I apologize for the cliffhanger.
and Castiel.
- - -
“You said they were okay.” Castiel looked to the arch angel who nodded.
“I can't speak for Dean, but for me kisses from my bond is completely okay.” Gabriel giggled in absolute glee. When Sam showed up in time to make lunch his lips were swollen from kissing and his hair had been tugged and played with but was newly brushed and Gabriel had such a grin on his face that he couldn't wipe off if he wanted to.
“Listen here you son of a bitch, you’re not going to fuck it up for them.” He then crossed his arms with a scowl on his handsome face. It is thanks to Castiel’s new powers that he could see past the demonic face to see Dean’s soul, twisted but still the one that he knew and loved. “Just give me back my necklace.”
“I don’t matter right now Sam, we have to go and find D-“ Castiel stopped speaking and looked up feeling another presence and gasped as he saw the other version of him and gasped. The ex-angel had his eyes glowing pure white.
“Y-yeah, this is good.” Castiel could still feel the pride swelling his chest from making something good for his mate. Something he liked.
“My legs get cramped up.” Was the only answer he got causing Dean to groan.
“Oh we already are well acquainted. Remember that little brother I was telling you about?” He asked with a smile and Kristabella nodded.
“All the traumatizing stuff you and Cas put me through,” Sam said and Dean rolled his eyes punching Sam's arm.
Well right now Dean wasn’t going to be knitting, he was using the biggest needle he could and was carving plenty of words in the wall. Sure, he felt kind of bad for the guy, what he and his Dean had was obviously really special.
“We can commune.” Castiel answered and was leading Dean away from the kitchen to a living room area and Dean was too curious to question it too much. Castiel sat him on the couch and sat beside him, facing him with his legs crossed.
“Eh, you get used to it.” Sam shrugged long since used to it.
The nest was split into three parts, a part that the combined cyan soul and grace had spent most of their time, the exact opposite side was for the magenta combined soul and grace. Though the angels had known their own grace would line up perfectly with the soul of their mate they never realized how effortlessly it would be, that they would slot against each other like a key turning in a lock. It was a physical pain to separate and always left them feeling hollow. Luckily in their nest their was no need to separate.
Dean Winchester was his.
When Dean thrusts the closet door open he is shocked. Of all the things going through his head this was far from what he expected. There was nothing in the closet. He looked around, thinking maybe when she had screamed it had ran, but there was no signs anything had been here at all. Looking he saw the black sweater that instead of being hung up had been hanged on the doorknob to the closet.
“Well, where do you want to go Gabe?”
There was a slight disturbance in the atmosphere and suddenly Castiel and Gabriel were there with the slightest sound of flapping wings. The runes they had left behind to tell them if any supernatural beings had entered the room of their mates going off in warning.
“Did you forget that he’s my brother to?” He shook his head, “but no it wasn’t Gabriel…just keep an eye out.”
“They are used like pawns by actual demons, they drain all the resistance of a person and then the demon comes to take them.” Gabriel explained and grunted, “they can be tricky little fucks to get rid of.”
Instead of looking scared, or angry, or just worried Gabriel let out a chuckle holding his hands up in surrender. “Woah baby bro! I didn't mean to step in on your boyfriend.” He smirked at him, “you check his head then.” He smirked and Castiel sighed and turning to Dean watched him patiently, Dean knew he was asking for permission and sighed but nodded.
He opened the window and tore the sheet, beginning to rip it, tying knots far enough away. He could really do with the extra four inches his baby brother had on him, but he could make do.
“What’s to think?”
“It wasn't a dream?” Dean whispered and Gabriel turned to him.
Castiel sent a search and froze when he realized that Dean was not there. He was gone.
- - - - -
Gabriel was more then happy to help his mate, especially since he had spent so many centuries acting as a pagan deity he always loved gardening. Which was always something the two of them loved doing. Sam's eyes widened as he looked from the cage to the hairless guinea pig resting against Castiel's chest. It was hairless and was gray, making it look like a miniature hippo.
Castiel paced rubbing his upper arms and pulling his necklace closer to himself, twisting his own wedding ring around his finger. How had this happened? How could he have missed his Dean, in his universe? Of course, he had not looked, but why would he? The fact remained that anyone he killed should cease to exist. So how?
It was really lucky for Dean that Castiel had long ago learned how to read his precious hunter's mossy green eyes. Castiel's head tilted slightly and he wasn't fully sure that he had read him correctly but realized he had seen it; his hunter's eyes were crying out to be held. His sweet and precious Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
The feeling of electricity was uniquely Castiel he was sure. No one would make him feel like that. No woman, no man, no angel, no demon. Just Castiel.
“Exactly, now you're thinking bro.” Gabriel grinned at the younger angel like a favored brother.
- - - - -
They felt it, they felt the grace slowly entering their bodies and wrapping around their soul, taking a small part of their soul, leaving an equal size of grace behind to take its place. It was a bit like feeling like some whole in them was filled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bobby still did the odd hunt and he was our age.” Dean pointed out and headed out. They already knew about that, they figured it was just a simple milk run. Ghost. Salt and Burn.
“NO!” Castiel screamed his eyes blinding white as Castiel reached out hitting Sam and Dean screamed.
“Hey…come on man. It’s okay.” Dean tried to speak but Scar Castiel was beyond being taken down with some soft words. Instead he was looking down at his hands shaking slightly and Dean only knew what helped him. He pulled the scarred angel into his arms, it wasn’t a hug, not really, he was just grabbing onto him, he was just starting to hum the beginning notes to Hey Jude when there was a change; just not the kind he wanted.
Heh, I feel Dean's pain. Bisexual powers; activate! But I counted how many and that is just from Wikipedia 132 different kinds of pies, tarts and flans. Technically they are all pies. Though it counted whoopie pie, and whoopie pie is not pie. Delicious? Yes. Pie? No. I am talking too much about pie...sorry, anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter.
“Yeah.”
Dean couldn’t take being babied, this entire time with Scarstiel, as he had started to call the scared alternative version of Castiel, he had been babied. The angel, deity, whatever had treated him like a delicate flower. Something that Dean was not nor ever would be, he didn’t appreciate being treated like one.
He couldn't explain why but he needed this to be as perfect as he could get it.
He sincerely hoped so, that the little girl with the curly red hair and blue eyes and the little baby with the wispy platinum hair would be fine. That some aunt or uncle or something would be there to take care of them.
Violet 10, Jacob 7
“Your soul. A reflection of it, forever branded on my wing.” Castiel whispered from behind Dean who turned his head to see Castiel's blue eyes. “It is the most precious thing I have.” He was so earnest, so honest in it as he looked up at Dean with those honest eyes that Dean could no longer deny it.
- - -
Marriage?
“You do not belong here; you must go back to your universe.” The angel said causing the god to just laugh.
“Used to?” Castiel echoed and Dean raised an eyebrow at him.
“Yep.” Sam wasn't even surprised anymore and knowing it could take a while sighed and looked around, “you want some coffee? They'll be a while.” He said having gotten used to it seeing as neither of the two hadn't even spoken once yet they'd be a while. More then long enough for them to have a coffee break.
“It seems giving you a sliver of my grace shows my mark on your body as well as soul.” He hummed happily and relaxed with a smirk, “we-as my little bro would say it-we have a profound bond.”
If this had been thirty years ago either one could probably do it by themselves if they wanted-even if it would be a problem and hard. Twenty years ago they wouldn't have a problem, even ten years ago they'd be fine. But now one in his mid fifties and one in his late fifties...
“You will pick out a great name for her. Do not worry.” Castiel assured and Dean sighed before shaking his head.
- - -
“Dean that came from a time when people would be in arranged marriages, there is nothing to say for us.” Castiel whispered and Dean's eyes slipped to see Sam gripping Gabriel's hips looking deeply into his eyes and he looked...close to tears? Before Dean could move Castiel gripped his hand tight. “Plus some guests wished to say hello.” Dean jumped looking around and his heart was suddenly in his throat as he saw them.
“There is no way.” Gabriel whispers under his breath, thanks to the music Dean was playing no one heard him but Castiel. The younger angel looked at the archangel confused about his speaking and shook his head as he heard him continue on. “There is no way I am apologizing.”
“Obviously not here, these are just guest rooms, our room is upstairs.”
“It'd be easier if we don't have to constantly do credit card fraud and hustling for pool.” Sam pointed out with a smile, there was only so much they could do. “Sure we have to keep it up to make sure that no one connects our hunting with us, but we can go through a lot fewer cards.” Sam could see the gears in his brother's head working. The two angels kept quiet, allowing the younger Winchester to handle the older one.
“You can see my wings?”
He couldn't think much as his thoughts were cut off as Sam, who had made it to the house, leaned over and kiss him. It was like a peck, just a bit longer then a peck. Him standing in the doorway and Gabriel outside. As Sam pulled back with a smirk, Gabriel followed and he chuckled.
“Is something wrong?” Dean asked and Castiel knew that he had to trend carefully, if anyone messed with Sam, Bobby and he would say that he could count himself among it to. If anyone messed with the three of them, Dean Winchester would destroy what he had to, to make sure that they would remain safe.
“I'm going to go ask uncle Crowley about possible hunts!”
“Castiel was talking about the ritual.” He glared at Castiel trying to impart to him that the younger angel should have been more careful about bringing up the demon blood thing. Castiel looked confused but a movement from the corner of his blue eyes and turning he saw Dean who silently explained exactly what happened.
It took a while to notice the sunshine yellow soul and even longer to realize who it was. Mary. Mary Campbell who eventually became Mary Winchester.
“I am Sam Winchester. Just not the one from this universe, I’m glad in this universe we get to be together.” He hummed and paused as the man gasped and gripped his shoulders.
The middle third of the nest was left to be for them all. When someone came to see them; whether the sunshine yellow of Mary Winchester, the purple of Robert Singer, the violet of Violet Winchester, or the burnt umber of Jacob Winchester they would go there to see them, not to say that anyone was not allowed in the other two thirds of the nest just that the sides of the nest were made for either Dean and Castiel or Sam and Gabriel.
However it didn't seem Castiel had that problem, gently rubbing Dean's back starting at his lower back and slowly working up his spine and side. Dean carried a lot of his tension along his spine and Castiel started gently rubbing the knots steadily harder to work them out. He was rewarded with little sighs of relaxation as Dean slowly became putty in his hands.
His lips fused to his moose's pressed tightly and Sam didn't even have to grab the archangel to keep him up. He could easily, but he didn't need to didn't stop him from doing so. He wrapped one arm around Gabriel's waist and the other tugged at his golden hair.
“And if you can't find any?”
“Of course I can't call you Dean, it will make him nervous. I will call you...Prince.” He chuckled rubbing the tuft of white fur, “for your crown looking crest.” He smiled and hummed gently to help relax the guinea pig.
“Dean, I’m right here,” Sam questioned and had to stop himself from reaching over to grab Dean’s hand or wrist to assure not only Dean but mostly himself that Dean was back.
This is a pretty long chapter for me. It was hard considering how much Dean is going through and I love him so much that it is hard to make him suffer but that is Dean. He suffers.
“What’s going on Gabe?” That voice…it was Dean’s voice. He took a shuddering breath when he heard the gasp and looked up even if he wasn’t able to see and had no eyes. “You’re…you’re…Sammy?” Sam gritted his teeth, he admitted it was so nice to hear his brother’s voice, but he wasn’t the delusional asshole angel, this was not his brother. He might look like him, sound like him, and if he believed what the angel wanted, would be extremely similar this wasn’t his brother.
“Shit.” Castiel frowned hearing the cuss and then looking over he froze as he saw the sheets in Dean’s hands. He was trying to run, again. Of course. Maybe he was mistaken and doing this all wrong. He knew that Dean loved him, just had to convince him that he did. He knew how hard it was for Dean to talk about his feelings.
“I did once Gabe got me to sleep, and did well until you woke me up.” Sam said pointed and Dean paled as he realized Sam had heard him. That was so wrong.
Eventually Dean agreed, not because Castiel wanted him to of course, but because he didn't want his burger to get cold. And he only ate the salad as he ate the burger was because Dean hated one thing more then the rabbit food was warm rabbit food and the burger to wash down the gross food that never filled him up. He was not whipped.
Dean was going stir crazy, it was driving him mad. This Scar Castiel would only talk about how he wanted him to relax, to be happy and stress-free, to not have to worry about anything. A heaven on Earth because Dean deserved it.
“No two bond like this are the same.” Gabriel explained easily, “we can have bonds of friendship, brotherly, companionship but one like this...it is rare but happens.” Gabriel chuckled, “you Winchester boys are full of surprises.” He cooed winking at Sam and it just confused the tall man.
“Agreed.” Castiel agreed while the other just nodded, his eyes still flashing white.
“You had other good memories?” He asked and Sam's own hazel eyes widened as he heard a hint of pain there and Sam realized how bad he had done to not speak up about this. He listened to Dean's constant insistence of no chick flick moments he should have made Dean talk.
When the steak fries had been fried and had melted cheese and chopped chives, a bacon cheeseburger, and the cheery and apple hand pies with the crisscross tops were cooling on a metal rack. Castiel was pleased, surly this would be a good enough offering, and it has been nearly twenty-four hours by now, surly Dean must be hungry.
Dean had never been so relaxed, three days of just him and Castiel, just enjoying some time one on one with his new husband was like a dream. He never really thought that he would really enjoy it but he loved getting to talk to his mate and know each other as just Dean and Castiel, instead of Hunter and Angel.
“Get out of your head Cas.” Dean pulled him out and Castiel smiled, since Dean had got his powers unlocked he became more comfortable with them, he could sense more-he had always been able to feel emotions of others and able to focus on getting others to listen to him-and even in extreme situations move things. It was different then Sam's ability to always know things that are going to happen and being able to even sense emotions when he focused or the same move things when in extreme situations.
Dean looked around to see where he was, he was laying on a circular memory foam mattress, that is what it felt like anyway, and was covered in a sheet. It was strangely silky, like some of those sexy panties women wore and a light blanket. He was in some kind of bedroom, there was a dresser, a bookcase and a full-length mirror. There was a record player and a stack of boxes that considering the top was open and he could see the tops of several records made him think they might all have the same; there looked to be a closet with those two sliding open door, a window that was covered with curtains and two doors that probably led to the rest of the building, whatever it was. What was the strangest thing was a mirror that was attached to the celling showing Dean laying in the bed.
“Yeah. I think so.” Dean agreed shrugging, “all we really need is a spot to open, all the licenses and a name.”
“Would you like a piece?”
Castiel figured of all the Men of Letters bunkers across the country Dean would probably have chosen the Kansas branch if he knew of it. Castiel flew to the bunker and breathed a sigh of relief when he felt it. There was human life inside and he knew it held Sam and Dean and anyone else they cared about.
“I did not know that. Dean?” Castiel questioned and Dean shrugged looking away from him and Gabriel smirked.
“I'll get apple.” She nodded then looked at Sam who guessed he could go for a piece, plus he used to love the peach pies that Dean would make him when he had a bad day.
“That sounds like a perfect fit, beloved, you work well with kids, especially the ones who need you most.” Castiel then smirked, “I think you could teach as well, if you can teach me to drive then I think you can teach anyone anything.” This got the reaction he wanted, Dean chuckled some, a little over a week ago Dean had taught Castiel to drive his continental, Castiel could drive it but not nearly as smooth as Dean drove.
They didn't know how long they had been here in their nest and they didn't care, they had worked and sacrificed so much, had suffered so much. They had more than earned this rest.
“Whatever bitch, good night.” Dean said and walked into his room and Sam smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Does anyone just want to hug Dean? And Castiel to, Castiel is just precious and Dean is like a hurt puppy-or squirrel-and needs to be protected. So I promise I'll soon write some fluff for them.
Violet 5, Jacob 3
Driving along the winding roads he paused taking in the view of the mountains, the volatile organic compounds released from the vegetation blanketing everything into a fog that looked like smoke. The fog…it reminded him so much of his wedding day.
“Well...we could always adopt two of them. Three is a lucky number after all.” Dean said even on the inside he was groaning. There was no denying it anymore even if he always truly knew it. He was whipped. He was so fucking whipped.
“Advice? For what?” Castiel asked and Gabriel sighed and shook his head.
“Doesn't that look like a nice place?” Sam asked causing the occupants in the car to all turn to look at it and frown when they see it.
“Okay, are we done?” Dean crossed his arms and Castiel hummed looking around the open room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think so Sweet Cheeks.” Gabriel assured leaning over to plant a kiss against Sam's cheek. “I can't say what Dean wants, maybe he wants a home like that as much as you do, maybe he wants to keep living the way he has, or maybe he wants to be half in and half out, like your Men of Letters. You should talk to him.”
It was all light wood and thatched, the bed itself was like a hammock, hanging suspended from the roof and moving slightly with any big movement.
“I’m sorry Dean, I never wanted to force you out if you weren’t ready, but I never view you as less, definitely not for that. I love you man.”
What he wasn’t expecting was to once again see his brother, not another universe’s version of Sam but the Sam he had raised.
“M...Mom?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, you don’t think I’d ever look down on you for this?” Sam could tell by his face paling that he did indeed think that. “The only thing that would get me mad is that it took you guys so many years to get on with it.” Sam laughed as Dean seemed to sag against Castiel, “I was close to just throwing you two into a closet or something till you got around to it.” He laughed and smiled before frowning, “I’m sorry you ever thought that you couldn’t come out and tell me you like guys.”
Glancing back over to Castiel who was smiling as he whispered comforting words to the little girl-to little Grace-to keep her calm as he finished clipping her nails ever so careful with her.
He punched him for opening the doors to Purgatory
She hadn't meant to cause this, she had been practicing a spell, Dean had surprised her and she turned the spell shooting out right at him. Sam had barely managed to gasp before Castiel was in front of him and the spell went right through him hitting Dean as well.
-Sam and Dean
“What you stole from me.” Dean answered Castiel’s necklace in his hand, holding it up.
“Okay…fine.” He sighed and quickly moved it to at least keep them from babying him, “I guess we could all use a few days break.”
“Mael?” Castiel remembered, it was one of his siblings, she had been one of the few who took his side, she never really fought, she was a muse not a seraph, but she agreed. “What about her?”
“You won’t escape this time.” Castiel whipped around to see Sam, he acted like he was okay, but he knew that this would only last a few minutes, an hour tops. Not that he would let him live this long, this was his last hour.
Castiel didn’t know what to do, he had searched everywhere, not only along earth but also heaven and hell. Nowhere.
Castiel in a leather jacket over a white top sipping his own beer.
Sam hummed as he smelt the asphalt and gravel slowly coming on but since he heard no cars and could feel the sunshine on his hands, he was sure that he was coming up to a town. A sleepy town.
“I think that Dean is willing to look beyond my vessel to-“
“Yeah, yeah so no more calling you buddy?”
“You felt like fish and chips?”
“Nothing honey.” Gabriel grinned when he saw his favorite little human turn so red.
“No. Never.” Castiel shook his head the very idea of not being with his sweet and precious Dean.
Someone had to watch over Buddy as well as the Cavy girls.
He froze then looking up to see someone, the familiar bowed legs encased in jeans and the leather jacket were so familiar he wanted to run to him. But he could see the sunglasses that covered his eyes and there was something there that made him feel, he couldn’t tell what this Dean was, but he wasn’t human.
At some point, though none knew since time in heaven, or indeed the nests that Castiel and Gabriel had built together when they mated their lovers since they both understood that the brothers would not want to be separated and to be with either Winchester brother was to be accepted and cared for by the other, loved romantically by one and as a brother by the other.
Most understood, they knew that Gabriel was always a bit different; just like Castiel was different. Sometimes the angels wondered what would happen if Castiel was a archangel, if he would have been able to convince the two oldest angels to calm down, and if Gabriel was created a seraph if he would be just like Castiel. Constantly running.
And did Sam take control.
“Sam.” Dean, who felt and seemed more like his brother, his actual brother, pulled him into his arms and Sam clung to him desperately. Dean, this was his brother.
Gabriel felt a jolt and then he was standing in a modern room and Castiel standing in front of him, but he looked…different. “Ca-Cassie? What’s happened to you?” Sure, he could see the scars decorating Castiel’s face, which made no sense because he could heal himself, even an angel blade would probably not leave a scar, although it hadn’t ever been tested as far as Gabriel knew. So how had Castiel gotten scars? And even more than that was the sight of his grace, it didn’t even look like angelic grace anymore.
