She sucks on her lower lip. "Are you a soldier?" she says.
But whatever case he could have possibly brought to interest Sherlock is erased from existence because of the blonde curly head sitting across from him.
Sherlock pats Mycroft's hand and smiles. Of course. "Knew it. You got 'volved," he slurs.
"Are you coming tomorrow?"
Song nods. "How do you feel when those thoughts come up?"
A woman who stole from her terminally ill sister to pay for more drugs, a teenager with long sleeves who tried to drink bleach, a father who abandoned his family to chase the drink. A junkie who tried to overdose with a small child in the next room.
. So he gave me a present."
"Sherlock?" the moderator says.
"Do you like my bow?" she says.
"You don't have to keep them up." He had taken his down and stuck it in the alcoholic's room next door.
It had been a bigger case involving a security scandal with an art museum. Four paintings had been vandalized and the security guard was under fire for allowing it to happen. The security tapes had been wiped. It was intriguing. Nothing stolen, no one harmed. It seemed to be nothing more than a case of extreme art criticism.
That night, he thinks about Rosie and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson and takes the cheap ballpoint pen from his bedside table. Slow and careful, like Rosie, he draws a simple smile on his wrist. It smiles up at him in the moonlight until he falls asleep.
The cards tumble from Sherlock's limp fingers. Why? He was... they always did this. Always together.
She shakes her head. No he doesn't. She is his favorite person. He said so. His first best friend after Daddy. Why would he not want her with him anymore? He always wants her with him, except at crime scenes, which Daddy says she's too little for. If Daddy were here, he would point his finger and tell Beebee that he is being mean.
"That's very clever of you," he says instead. She beams. "But I don't want to hear of you breaking anything else."
John nods. "Why do you think no one reported him? No missing persons, no one to interview. He had enough money to live on his own for two years. Why am I here again?"
He washes his hands and presses them, still dripping, to his face. It feels far too warm. His mind is racing, forcing him to confront the last twelve hours, when all he wants is quiet and nothing.
Mycroft stands and yanks the umbrella back and whaps Sherlock again. He stumbles back into his chair and sucks in a breath to shout, but chokes because his brother is gone, and in his place is... him.
"Always keep me -hic- kept me right," he says. He snorts and giggles. "You know you do." And he laughs again, his shoulders hitching up and down like the chair is bucking under him, but then his chin drops to his chest and Rosie realizes that he isn't laughing. His mouth curves down in a mangled attempt at a smile and he wipes his wrist across his eyes and his shoulders buck again, this time with a choke.
Tears prick the corners of her eye. "I want my daddy." She throws her cup. It bounces off his hip and rolls across the floor. She doesn't see where it stops.
Mycroft gently takes Sherlock's hand. "That's nice, Sherlock." He rubs his upper arm.
The sound of her little voice on the other end of the phone,
I am so sorry. This story hurts me a lot.
Rosie gets rainy days too. On those days, she doesn't want to eat, because food tastes funny. And she doesn't want to play anymore, no matter how much Dr. Molly tries to get her to. So she watches the telly, and colors. Sometimes she just sits with the crayons in her hand because she doesn't know what to color.
"I'm better than before."
He sniffs. "Does it matter?"
She slides it open and presses 9-9-9.
The muscles in his iris pull his pupils apart, every hair follicle over his body now wired to his brain. The air is too heavy, feels like ants are crawling over him. Each pulse of his heart pushing blood through his veins and arteries, oxygen flooding his muscles. It is the most he has been aware of his transport in months.
He looks around the circle from the corner of his eye. The addicts sit, slumped or hunched over in their chairs, bored, or red-eyed, some bouncing their legs in anticipation, others staring out of the window. They have their secrets, their reasons. None of which are particularly important. And yet Sherlock still feels the creeping shame deep in his chest.
Sherlock weighed his options and knew he only had one choice. He had to rely on his funds to continue his experiments "Fine."
John doesn't really know what to say but there is a question that's burning in his brain "So.....the drug thing?..."
Sherlock took a deep breath "I've been thinking a lot lately about the move to Scotland and I'm willing to make you a deal..."
"Well?" John says.
"Did the doctors hurt you bad?"
It isn't real. It can't get him. It's in his head. All in his head.
A loud clatter jolts her from sleep. It takes her a moment to remember where she is. Back sore and legs cramped from sleeping curled up. There is faint light coming from outside the windows.
There are too many people in Rosie's house. It is quite troubling. They wear black suits and dresses and crowd into the chair room. She knows some of them, like the lady who gave her a lolly at daddy's office. Others are strangers, which she is not supposed to talk to.
Beebee spends lots of time in his room or in the loo. It's odd how much he likes to be clean, but after the funeral he never shaves. He has shadows in his face and his hair is limp. His beard has grown back. And he wears the same clothes for days at a time. On rainy days, he sleeps a long time and will wander into the chair room and just sit. He never plays his violin. Rosie will climb into his lap and pull his arms around her. Never says good morning. Just sits, staring past the telly, until Nana comes up with breakfast.
Sherlock had not
He curls into himself and lets the fake Mycroft heave his upper body off the floor and into his lap. He sits with Sherlock, using the door to prop himself up.
He forgets to kiss her goodnight when he tucks her in.
He shakes and his hand drops the bow and he grabs a bottle on the table. He takes a big, long gulp before his eyes snap open and he shouts and hurls the bottle at the wall, sending glass splintering in all directions.
The Amazing Death Faker! The crowd would scream in fright as he fell to the cold pavement, but he would jump to his feet, not a single bone broken. Ta-Da!
"You made yourself sick..." She frowns, trying to solve a puzzle in her head. "So you could go to hospital."
A shiny twin stone sits beside hers, with a deep, black hole punched in the ground.
a voice that sounds remarkably like Mycroft reminds him.
She reaches across to wake her daddy, but feels the cold empty side of the bed, and she remembers. She curls her legs in and hugs herself. She wants to go back to sleep, but she cannot stay like this. She can smell the pee.
"You can hate me darling," he whispers. "It's okay."
He is so confused. How could she possibly think this was her fault? He rubs her shuddering back, feeling the knots in her spine. "I don't understand," he says helplessly.
"That's Beebee," she insists.
Sherlock clutches the leash to his chest. It still has strands of red hair stuck in the fabric.
much. And I want to stay with you."
She twists her fingers together and looks away. He can see her eyes growing pink. She bites her lip. "You wanted to leave me too," she whispers.
Dr. Molly is not wearing her cosy jumper. She always wears pretty, pretty jumpers all of the time. Black is a yuck color on her. Rosie does not say hello.
She wrinkles her nose. "It's stinky."
He goes to group therapy.
She looks at the headstone, her father's name etched deep into the black rock. She will take care of her Beebee. At least until Daddy comes home from Heaven.
"Why don't we give him a few minutes?" Nana says, rubbing Rosie's shoulder.
And yet that had been his last client.
Sherlock gulps and tries to stifle his cries. "Only... only idiots cry."
He pushes her towards the door. "Go to your room. There's no telly tonight."
Next chapter will be from Sherlock's POV, and will show what he is doing to heal.
Sherlock sneers and leans forward. Mycroft is trying to trick him, trying to tell him that he's a waste of air like he did when they were kids. But he's
It thoroughly kicked my ass. I started writing this story about a year ago, and I got through the first two chapters fine, but this chapter, from Sherlock's pov, has put me through the wringer. I have edited, dropped points, re-edited, deleted scenes, and have generally been so dissatisfied with it that I've put off publishing it until now.
your fault. It was mine.
He nods. "I was. I started out with your father when he was a soldier."
Sherlock continues to drag himself to the sitting room. The drips from the toilet are softer from here, but a massive fissure in the center of the room has flooded the carpet. Sherlocks' feet squelch through puddles. The clock chimes the hour. Sherlock glances at the timepiece on the bookcase. The hands are missing, and some of the numbers are just smiley faces. Time has no meaning here.
He taps his fingers on the arm rest in time to the music. Song, a fifty seven year old second generation Hong Kong descendant, knows he enjoys music rather than stone silence, so now there is always music playing during their hour together. She married young, in her early twenties, but only for four years before she decided to return to school. She has remained single ever since, and works alongside her mother in a flower shop. Deductions flit over her head much more clearly than they have been the last few weeks, like stretching an old muscle.
Beebee's eyes snap open and he blinks slowly in her direction. Rosie opens her mouth, but doesn't know what to say. She suddenly feels like she has just seen something private, like walking in on someone when they are in the toilet.
Rosie tugs on his sleeve. "Can I see my beebee?"
Perhaps if he goes home, tomorrow will not come. It shouldn't. People living their ordinary lives, going to the shops, riding the tube, clocking in at work... none of it will happen because the world cannot possibly keep turning.
"Victim is in his late thirties," he reads. "Single. Past addict."
She backs away, wringing her hands. She hasn't heard anything about Beebee in days. She bounces on the balls of her feet, rocks herself.
He points over her head with his shaking hand. "Go to bed now or you won't go to Molly's tomorrow."
Rosie climbs off the bed and takes his hand. She holds onto his first two fingers. He doesn't try to hold her hand.
Dr. Molly is quiet. But then she raises her voice. "Don't you dare dump all on me. You're his brother. Why didn't you look after him if you were so worried?"
"Playing dirty again," he tuts. He turns and glares at the attendant with the note. He bites the velcro of the glove and rips it off. "Please tell me I'm being expelled."
Rosie nods. "She talks to me about when I get sad."
ways one can die, after all. But the lives they led, the people they loved, the ones they betrayed, are always complicated.
Sherlock remembers his reflection after he washed the fake blood off his face in the locker room at Bart's three years ago. This...thing, looks nothing like that. Purple and red splotches over the swelling lumps on the side of its face. Blood drips from its nose and mouth, plopping off its chin into the ankle deep water at its feet. Blood seeps from the side of its head where a piece of skull is missing and the brain pulses beneath. Black straggles of hair stick to its forehead.
It is a nonjudgemental space.
She sits up. Her tummy growls. She's starting to wish she'd eaten the pasta. Maybe Beebee will make her some.
The world was empty once, yes, back when he still had the desire to fill it with something of substance. He would fill it shallowly, again and again, until he ran out, and decided there was no point in trying to find more. He would end it all, there on the bathroom floor. Nothing existed outside of that room. There was only the running water, and morphine.
Rosie gathers what little bravery she feels below her heart, and eases the door open. It creaks and there is the sound of shifting, tinkling glass. Her eyes dart down at her feet and broken glass litters the space where she would step. She freezes. Daddy tells - telled her that broken glass is dangerous. She could cut herself.
"You were very happy with John and Rosie," Song says gently. "You didn't have that for a very long time. Growing up with your brother, and I imagine parents, with high expectations would make it challenging to find companionship and love. And when John died, you felt that you had to revert back to how you coped before. But you are stronger than that. You are not alone. Reengage with the people in your life, to where you're comfortable going back to them to be vulnerable."
And Rosamund will not reflect him.
She didn't mean it.
"S'not time yet," he mutters. His voice is hoarse trying to get through his dry throat. His teeth chatter.
"Are we going?" Rosie says at his hip.
"She thinks I'm ill with the flu." She had sounded confused. Understandable. Mycroft had probably explained it to her in his limited way. It was better that she did not understand what had happened on their last night together. She is so young after all.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. His poster, he remembers, was a sunrise over a mountain range.
Another smiley face.
Everyone smiles, but the smiles are crooked, like Beebee does when he doesn't want to get in trouble. Their eyes don't wrinkle.
She needs a phone.
She is halfway back up the stairs when she realizes she didn't tell Beebee that she loved him. Part of her wants to turn back, but the bigger part is too tired.
When Nana shakes her head again, Rosie huffs and hobbles to the green chair. She likes Daddy's chair better because it's soft and warm, but after Rosie came home from hospital, Daddy's chair was gone. She asked Beebee where it went, but all he said was that he would get her a new one. He hasn't.
Nana didn't push a buggy that day. She carried a basket and Rosie helped her choose what food they needed. Nana needed help picking a flavor of pudding that they were going to make for desert.
Sherlock digs his thumb into his wrist. "I'm not sure I can."
Song watches him carefully, observing him in a way he is not used to. "Well, we all
He retreats a step, then another, Lestrade coolly watching him. He backs away until he is just outside the door, struggling to breathe. He cannot do it. Cannot face what he has done.
"You are worth so much to him - to me."
"You are not required to be at my side every moment. I
"Call me when you're ready to leave. I'll take you home."
She looks around suspiciously. "You live here now?"
Today the pain was back, but Dr. Molly was only allowed to give her a small pill. Rosie did not help her cook in revenge.
"It's for the best I don't," Sherlock says, after careful consideration.
That was the last time he saw her.
As they continue discussion, he watches Mrs. Wannop.
"I.. yes," he sighs into the phone. "Yes love. I did. But I have to stay in hospital for a while. They're going to help me stay better."
Sherlock leaps to his feet and scrambles after him. He follows Mycroft to the den, where the fire burns.
He slams the door behind him.
Grandpa shakes his head. "Oh, no, no. Not money. Your father did a big favor for Mycroft. So now he feels like he has to repay him."
Beebee does not like being around people. Daddy says he's just not a people person. Rosie likes that word. It makes her think of a person with a bunch of people stacked on top of them.
house again, I will kill you Sherlock Holmes."
Uncle Greg kisses her cheek and she squeezes him tight. He sits back so he can look at her. She loves her Uncle Greg more than the other one. She told him so. And he told her that she was his favorite too. He always hugs her and brings her treats. Even now, he hides both hands behind his back.
Rosie doesn't like this, so she yawns and pretends to be waking up so they'll stop talking.
"Grandma called," he whispers low in her ear. "She and Grandpa will be here soon."
"No!" She cried.
Sherlock grabs the umbrella. "I don't need anyone!" he growls.
Oh. Of course. Sherlock looks away. John hasn't seen Rosie in months. Of course he mustn't disturb the father.
"You knew that Mrs. Hudson was gone for the weekend. You are her godmother for god's sake."
"I'm sorry?"
He and John watch her leave. She waves goodbye as she gets into the cab.
Sherlock wipes the sweat from his forehead and nods. It is the right thing to do.
Mr. Mycroft never says hello or goodbye or please or thank you. He said it wastes time. Daddy would say he is rude.
There is more than enough for a spoonful.
"Bye-bye Sherlock."
They are both having a rainy day.
They never go back to that shop.
Mr. Mycroft takes Rosie back to her house and Nana helps her pack a small case with her clothes and toys. She falls asleep in the car. She wakes up when they arrive at a new house. It is bigger than anywhere she has ever seen. A lady shows Rosie a new room. The wallpaper is yellow and brown. No purple or blue.
She hits the fork out of his hand. "No!"
He half expects her to leave. Say,
Nana waits at the bottom and takes her hand. Nana wears black too. She had to help Rosie this morning because her dress had buttons in the back that she couldn't reach. The dress is itchy, and bunches up under her arms and she sweats under the stocking on her right leg. The pink cast goes up to her knee on her other leg so she can't wear both stockings. Nana said she looked pretty. Rosie does not feel pretty. Pretty is smiles and bows and color. Not pretty is black and crying and hurt. Everyone says she looks pretty. Except Beebee. He didn't say anything when Rosie asked, just adjusted the black bow so it wasn't crooked no more. Everything is crooked nowadays. She feels like she is tilting on a boat, just one false step from tumbling.
The doctors allow them to stay with him for an hour. Rosie crawls up on the bed, careful of the tubes, and curls up at his side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock remembers lying in the grass as a child and looking up at the stars, Redbeard's heavy panting beside him, always beside him.
Just pretend its sugar.
He straightens and lets Lestrade hug him. Tears leak down his nose. He presses his thumb and forefinger against his eyes, and keeps still so he won't feel him shaking.
"Mr. Holmes?"
"What would you know?" Sherlock mutters. Mycroft has no friends, and Sherlock knows he tried to smother him when he was still in the pram.
The breath escapes him with a low noise. His head falls back, lights swirling overhead.
Mr. Mycroft was here today, and he only left after Beebee shouted at him and threw something. Rosie peeked through the slats in the stairs and watched him go. He spotted her as he was stomping down. His eyes were like ice, and he sniffed before continuing.
"Ey." Uncle Greg hoists her up. "Inside voice."
Beebee tosses the plate and fork in the sink with a clatter. It makes her jump and she knows she is making him angry, but she's even angrier. She crosses her arms and turns away from her plate, because if she looks at it any longer, she'll throw it.
He sighs. "He's not ready to get better yet."
The Maid of Honor shuffles and jerks her shoulders in rhythm to the music. Sherlock is not very rehearsed in pop music, but he knows how to find the rhythm. At least he will get to dance-
It's good that he can't remember. So achingly good. Sherlock always remembers even when he so desperately wants to forget. It is his curse. He promised himself he did not want to forget Serbia, no matter how long he went without sleep. No matter how much he wanted it, he did not want John's disappointment even more.
Tomorrow morning, she will wake up and Daddy will be watching her and she will jump up and spank him because he took much too long to get home. But then she will kiss him because he is home and that is all that matters. He'll make her leg better and her eye.
Mr. Mycroft is an odd fellow, like Daddy says. Beebee says he is a nuisance. Rosie thinks so too. He always carries an umbrella with him, even when it is sunny. Rosie knows he doesn't like her. He never smiles, and looks at her as if she's annoying him even when she's just sitting and not making any noises. At Christmas she drew a picture of him and he told her that her lines were not straight and that it looked nothing like him.
Rosie wants to throw something too. Her cast came off but she has to go to a doctor's house and do her exercises. She limps like an old person now. It may go away when she grows up, but Beebee said it was unlikely. She will be like this for the rest of her life.
She recognizes Sherlock from group session, when he decides to go. He would much prefer to talk in private, or not at all, but it's not as though everyone speaks at once. The moderator gives everyone a chance to speak, and only them. Sometimes Sherlock listens. More often he enjoys deducing the patients and pointing out their obvious problems before the moderator can intervene. He has been kicked out twice.
John leans against the bed frame, intrigued. "What kind?"
seen it all then.
Sherlock slinks through the crowd. No one says goodbye, so neither does he. He changes out of his tuxedo in the men's loo. He brought an extra suit for the taxi home. He stuffs his wedding attire in the bin. He can get another tux. Hopefully not for another wedding. He's had enough of weddings to last a lifetime.
She sniffles. "I want to go home."
Days, filled with their meaningless distractions, pass by easier than the nights. All of the patients here suffer from the constant distracted insomnia that plagues them during withdrawal. Sherlock only remains here so the doctors can deem him well enough, by Mycroft's standards, to get back to the work.
She cups his cheek as she straightens, the pad of her thumb rough over his skin.
"I know. I know. I... I had to leave. They needed me, I had no idea that..."
Sherlock covers his eyes and shakes his head. He does not want Mycroft to doctor him. He wants his doctor.
She didn't think. She only knew that she had to get to him before he vanished again. Rosie broke free from Nana and ran as fast as she could to him, ignoring the stupid plaster on her leg that tried to trip her. She crashed into him from behind and wrapped her arms tight around his leg. He was real and warm, not like the cold ghosts under ground.
Charlotte stomped on the floor dramatically "In my defence-"
Sherlock stared pouting "I just hate the thought about leaving this place. I love London and I want the baby to love it too."
They snogged the hell out of each other on Sherlocks bed.
"So you agree with him? You just think of me as an omega whore?"
Sherlock nodded his head. "Good." He said meekly. He then kissed his husbands lips softly "I'm proud of you John."
"John Hamish Watson, do you promise to love and honour your Omega? To provide a home and shelter, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?"
Finally the walk began for the graduates to pick up their diploma. Sherlock stood with the rest of the crowd and smiled at John who spotted him in the crowd and smiled back.
John had said he was visiting a therapist which Sherlock didn't question, his mate had been surprisingly kind and calm in the past month. He hated to admit it but it was probably the for the best that Charlotte left.
"Papa, this is my future! I can't afford to miss rehearsals."
"John, what are you doing?" Sherlock said nervously.
"Don't!" Sherlock said loudly "I don't want to speak to you at the moment!"
After and eternity they finally stopped. John fished out the few pounds he owed, grabbed his bag and headed inside.
"John Watson from Glasglow, Scotland. Short, blonde, studying medicine." She said rushed.
"Can't or won't?!"
John nodded sadly "Yeah I am now. At first it was hard but when you've got as many kids as I have you can't just wallow in depression, you have to keep fighting through the battle for them."
Siger patted his back and gave a smile on his way out. Sherlock released a long shaky breath but looked like he was better afterwards.
Someone from a publishing company contacted me about possibly writing a book based on our adventures. I haven't officially said yes yet but some people never get this kind of success, maybe I'll just enjoy my ego being swollen for a bit but I'll still have to think about the offer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just as she said that a loud crash was heard up stairs and the baby started crying.
Cody stood her ground "You say that stuff all the time when you're taking to your command."
"Sherlock..." John said kneeling "I'm planning to go into the military. My base is in Scotland."
"Yes, seems like it's been longer." Sherlock said leaning back and looking up at the sky.
Finally in the silence John spoke. "Sherlock....I am so sorry for all the pain I've cause you these past few years. I know I've broken so many promises and have hurt you so much but after today I realise that this fighting and being separated thing that we're doing is just not working. If you can find it in your heart to forgive me....I want to try to be us again."
All the girls ran fast and Charlotte took a deep breath as she placed her hand on the bar and straightened her posture.
Charlotte sat up on the couch. "Oh...so it's ok when you want to fuck me but god forbid I would want to fuck you." She said grabbing David's crotch.
John laughed a bit "You look way too posh to be in a place like this."
"I know David! I want you to be with me but beyond that I don't know! I need time away and you need time to figure out if this is what you want as well. I won't fight it if you even meet another omega during our year apart. It will be best for all parties."
David could tell that he was trying to put on a brave front "I have to do this Sherlock. I know you've relied a lot on me this past year but this is something I have to do for me."
Sherlock felt bad for his husband. John desperately needed a break and that's exactly what Sherlock was going to give him.
"It is too Sherlock! Besides what was I supposed to do? Put a muzzle on my Dad?"
When John opened the door he almost shut it in surprise.
In this relationship of ours I feel like I'm often climbing uphill.
"Then why are you leaving?"
It was now John's turn to blush. "Thanks." he said softly.
Charlotte was still trying to officially wiggle her way into the London Ballet Company. Her private lessons with the head instructor went so well that she decided Charlotte should get professional training right along side the other ballerinas. It would only be a matter of time though she just had to work really hard.
"Do you want David gone?"
John wanted to backlash the comment but kept it to himself. Wouldn't be good to get on the royal families bad side.
John looked up at Sherlock. "Yeah about that....Sherlock I-"
Before he knew it he had been in Scotland for over a month now. Until the base would be ready for him to move into which wouldn't be until September, he was currently residing with his parents.
"Wait! Sherlock!" John tried again but for since reason he felt like he was glued to the stage. He watched Sherlock slam the door of the theatre and tried to make sense of what just happened.
Sherlock looked over to Richard "No, as a matter of fact. Do you know where my parents are?"
That one is Leo.
Again he bore down grunting with the effort and pain.
"Wait Sherlock." John grabbed Sherlock's arm before he could get up from the bed "I didn't mean it like that. I just...don't want you to regret it later on down the road."
Greg tried to stop John but he just kept walking. Once John was out of the hospital he began to run, faster and harder then he ever ran before. He ended up on the edge of the river Thames and once he got there he began to scream.
Sherlock just laughed at his sons misery "Odessa that was very nice but next time try not playing it in an F-flat and try a C instead."
Sherlock smiled "Just water for me thank you."
John shook his head. "No, it's perfect."
John nods and stands aside letting his father-in-law in.
Sherlock was in no mood to play these childish games and snatched the pillow off his head "John! This is important!"
______________________________________
After that conversation seemed to flow easy and that talked about family and where they grew up, John sharing that he had a sister and Sherlock saying he had a brother who was mated to an omega. John didn't even notice that his mates had left after they tried to get John's attention but to no avail.
Siger walked up to Sherlock "Could've dressed better."
John was stunned and completely scared "I....uh...."
Sargent Smith got in his face "Watson, get your head out of your arse or I'll do it for you! I have no time for ninnies who day dream all day! Come to work or don't come at all! Do I make myself clear soldier?!"
John raised his eyebrow "You sure?"
"Sh..." John tried to sooth "It'll be okay."
Mike opens the door for Sherlock as an invite for him to come in which Sherlock accepts.
Sherlock nodded "I didn't want to live on campus and potentially have a dull room mate so with the help of my parents we secured this flat with the land lady Mrs Hudson. My mother and her are very old friends."
______________________________________
As he finished cleaning up the room smelt of disinfectant. He put all the supplies away had walked over to the cradle and gently ran his fingers along the baby's skin. He lent down and kissed his sweet face. "I will always want you." The baby gave a small sigh in his sleep. "I love you son."
Sherlock hated small talk but it was a nice break to think about something else "Fine. We've finally fallen into a rhythm with each other. We've also established each other's like and dislikes. Even have gotten used to each other's natural habit. I must say I find when he bites his lips its endearing."
After her parents are silent for longer then she deems necessary she scoffs. "See? Can't even fess up to it can you?" Charlotte slips on her shoes and grabs a jacket. "Don't wait up." She says as she slams the door to the flat.
When he came out in the roof he saw Sherlock leaning too far over the building for his liking "Sherlock! Get away from there!"
The rest of the ride to the Univeristy and when the got there they both got out of the cab.
Greg ran out yelling at his team to get an ambulance while John helped lower Sherlock onto a chair. "Good, breathe, like you practiced."
John gave a smile and walked up to him and wrapped his arms around his waist then raised himself up a bit to capture his lips. "Nothing. Just marvelling at you."
Sherlock smiled “Hello Watson’s. I am very excited to meet you all. Your Father speak very highly of you all.” Sherlock turned to his family and smiled. “These are my children.”
"I don't have to think I know."
Greg rolled his eyes "You should call John and call off all this divorce business. He'd be able to help you!"
"Okay..." John said seriously.
Harry though, never let him forget it. She was older, meaner, stubborn, and an Alpha through and through. He wasn't even sure Harry believed the taunts she threw his way, but he did know they were just meant to get a rise out of him. Her only goal was to upset him and he tried to never give her the satisfaction.
Mrs. Holmes shoved him back "May God have mercy on your soul you thief." She then walked away with tears streaming down her face and leaving John to feel like the worst person in the world.
Charlotte and David walked into the flat and dropped their book bags down. "Hello." David said walking over to Sherlock. He picked up the infant. "How was he?"
"Dick." John said.
Sherlock was pulled out of his trance and looked up from the baby who was gently sleeping on his chest, cleaned and dressed in a white onesie and general hospital blanket while Sherlock was in a hospital gown after being cleaned and taken care of, and gave John a smile. "Hey." He then looked back down at his son and began to slightly bounce the baby but not enough to wake him up.
David placed the baby on his hip. "Nah it's okay. Thanks though."
"John..." Sherlock said breathless in between kisses.
Sherlock nodded his head "Yeah just remembering that I'm not as in shape as I used to be. Enough about that though I'm very proud of you John."
"John? Are you almost ready?" Sherlock said timidly. He felt like he was walking on eggshells with his husband and due to the isolation didn't know where he stood. It didn't help that he was big and gangly now with a seven month pregnant stomach hanging off of him.
In anger he kicked the door. "How do they always bloody know?!"
I look at the brilliance that is you and I want nothing but it. I finally feel like I have something worth while to wake up for each morning (besides a good murder.)
Sherlock stayed by his husbands side until he was fast asleep. Sherlock swore this would be the last time he went to any of John's friends for a favour. Watching his husband sleep though he was overcome with so much love for this man he wanted nothing more then to be with him always. Then he remembered he was lucky enough to have that. Mary be damned, he had won in the end.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Sentimental greeting as always Father."
Sergeant Smith patted John's arm. "Keep up the good work soldier." And saluted him.
Without a word John nodded in sadness as he began to walk out. He caught a cab and gave the Holmes address.
__________________________________________________
Mike interjected "Yeah but it won't be the same will it? You'll be changing nappies and having to get a real job. Having to work to support a family and bills. No more pub nights, no more fun. Just you, Sherlock, and the kid."
Sherlock gave John a questioning look "Sherlock."
The room got silent as everyone watched what was playing out. It was John's turn to be confused "Yes, remember the first night that we met and you knew I was from Scotland?.."
"Excuse me!" John said smacking the hands away.
John then took out a condom he always had on his wallet and rolled it on to his cock. Having sex outside of a heat sent and omega into a micro-heat and while they weren't as fertile outside of a heat omegas were practically breeding grounds so best to be safe rather then sorry.
"And you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, do you promise to love and honour your Alpha? To obey and cherish, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?"
"I can't do that!"
John moved on "My Mum, Valerie."
Siger stood tall. "I have every right to keep my family and country safe. Until I can be fully aware of his intentions you are not to see him. Understood?"
John set his fork down a little more forcefully then necessary "Mum! That's not what I want for myself! I want my own life and my own career before I settle down and bond."
It was after closing and John had just got done cleaning the counters and opened up the script to try to study it again while at the same time watch Sherlock sweep up.
John shrugged even though he knew Sherlock couldn't see "My Da likes cheesecake."
"What?"
"So.....when will Charlotte be here then?" He said.
What Sherlock says in French:
John wanted to scream. This was not the time or the place to have an outs with the King. John smashed his anger down and gave a half smile "Well, I suppose everyone is entitled to their opinion."
"So who would like to go first?" He said.
Dr. Connor sighed "Well it's a shame to loose such a fine apprentice but I trust that whatever you do you'll thrive. You're a very gifted solider and med student John. You'll go far in life."
"Um...just John please. Master John sounds too stuffy for me." He laughed nervously but Alvin just stared at him which made John slightly nervous. He cleared his throat. "I brought you out a cuppa. I felt bad about making you just sit out here."
. It is too quiet without the telly on.
He will never be truly clean. He may one day be independent from his crutch, but the limp is still there. Sherlock has never allowed himself to hope that he could rise above old habits. He is no better than ordinary people who find sports and companions to fill the void in their lives. No matter how hard he tried, no matter how many drugs he took, he would never be able to reach the emotional apathy of his brother, or his enemies.
"Nana told me. She said you played dead and made Daddy sad. Now he's dead and you're still here!"
Because I made myself sick from missing your father so much."
Sherlock looks at his hands. His dressing gown sleeves slip down to his wrists and the bruises are stark purple against the pale skin.
"You know that's not true, little brother. I have your best interests at heart." Mycroft smirks and twirls his umbrella handle. "I'm the only one who does."
John had been at surgery for the morning and afternoon shift, but wanted to get Rosie out of the flat for this particular client. Nothing that Sherlock couldn't handle, but better to be safe with their girl.
Sherlock straightens, just a few centimeters taller than Lestrade. They have known each other for almost fifteen years now. Sherlock was never close to his father, never respected him in the same way that Lestrade slowly gained his over the years. And he knows now that Lestrade has never had a reason to respect him. But all he asks of him is that he speak to the closest thing he has known as a daughter.
Sherlock struggles to keep his eyes open. The light is pounding against his head. Mycroft does not seem to notice how bright it is.
She stomps her foot hard, pain ratcheting up her leg, and he is blurry because she's crying. "I hate you!"
A wave of reality crashes over him. At some point in their visit, he forgot that they would have to return to the world of sobriety.
Sherlock curls his knees up to his chest and reaches for his violin. Not to play, not even to pluck the strings. It just feels nice in his hands. The sounds of the unsettled water fill his head.
Grandpa says it's time for the funeral to start. So he leads her away from them. Everyone gathers around the black box above the deep black hole in the ground. A man in a white gown gives a speech and reads from the Bible, which is a book about stories of God and Jesus. He talks about Heaven, and Rosie likes how he describes it, and why her daddy was brave and will now watch over his loved ones.
Sherlock shuffles the cards. "Alone." He looks at the next one. "Sociopath." The next one.
Rosie giggles and rolls onto her back and stretches her arms high above her head, copying him. She is two, with her curly blonde hair bouncing in the two pigtails on either side of her face, still round with jiggling baby fat. Both her big, blue eyes blink lazily at him.
She is here. In the same room.
"She called
"What about you?"
, he concludes.
He tilts his head back and closes his eyes. He would give his heart for a cigarette right now, anything to relieve the tight feeling in his throat. His chin wobbles.
He jerks back. Rosie curls her hands back to her chest. She must have scared him. He rubs his arm and squeezes it like it's hurting. He helps her down from the toilet and combs her hair out, being extra gentle because her head is tender, like his.
The dead Sherlock collapses like a cut marionette and its bloody hands claw through the flood. Sherlock backpedals in his chair, nearly throwing himself over the side to get away. The water splashes around him in great waves in his desperation. He backs himself into the corner between the desk and the window.
He meets her eyes. "I don't deserve you Mrs. Hudson."
He clears his throat and holds him at arm's length. "We'll get you back out there in no time."
She looks up at Mr. Mycroft. "What's wrong with him?"
He pauses, and she gestures for him to start.
The door creaks open, the sound of running water much louder.
He holds out his hand for Rosie to take, and the door shuts behind them. But this time, it doesn't feel permanent. A strand of thread has been left for him to take, thin and fragile, but it will inevitably guide him back to Rosie's half of the world, where, one day, it might become whole again.
He finally shakes his head to the circle of eyes. His shame is his secret, not to share with strangers. Even strangers who may have done worse than him.
Lestrade smirks. "We could do with an outside consult now and then."
"She's right."
It is better that she did not dance with him. Better that she understand that they could never be. But the wound remains because he dared to hope that he could be normal.
Grandpa raises an eyebrow. "Oh surely not. Mycroft never accepts money."
Rosie doesn't want to go back upstairs. She will be alone and the bed is wet. Daddy wouldn't want her to step on the broken glass though. She takes the door to the kitchen and goes the long way into the chair room. She sees the pile of icky pasta and broccoli on the floor where she pushed her plate off the table. They will clean it tomorrow.
Mycroft crosses his arms. "We told you, Sherlock. You can't have another one." He snatches the red leash from Sherlock and storms from the toilet.
"For a little while, yes."
It was such the perfect night. She looked at the empty space in the chair room, suddenly feeling that empty space in her tummy, and said she wished her Daddy was there with them. Whatever happiness, however brief, that had filled the evening, evaporated. Her Beebee was quiet for the rest of the night.
So Sherlock manically dove into the Work. Anything to keep the loneliness at bay, and his stash hidden.
sad because John - because your daddy's gone." His throat tightens. It is difficult to get the words out. "I thought I was alone. My brain was sick, and it made me forget how much I care about you, darling. I care about you so,
Mycroft grunts and presses his hand to Sherlock's forehead like used to do when they were little. His hand is cold too. Why isn't he yelling at him? Telling him that he will burn down 221B to search for his stash? Tell him that he's going to send him back to Mummy and Daddy's until he gets clean again? Tell him what an idiot he is?
Something is missing from him. He doesn't smile much. He yells a lot. And when he looks at Rosie, it's like he's looking over her, or something is separating her from him. Maybe she's not really there. But she can hold his hand, and hug him, so she knows she is still here. She wonders if Beebee knows he is there.
John Watson is dead and cold in the ground.
The world keeps turning. The sun still rises. Cars vrooming down their street. People going to work. Dr. Molly and Uncle Greg visit on their days off. Rosie wishes her world would start turning again.
She kisses his cheek and hugs him with one arm. "You're getting better," she whispers in a heavy voice.
Rosie nods and follows him. He swings her hand.
Nana knelt in front of her. Rosie stared at her hands, blurring in and out like she was looking at them under the water, as if they could give her the answers she so desperately wanted.
He closes his eyes, seeing blue and pink flashes behind his eyelids.
He gasps, sputtering awake on a hard wood floor, staring up at a pair of long, dark legs and the tails of a belstaff. He cannot move, despite the cold and the ache in his body.
A burst of seething hatred erupts from Sherlock and he is on his feet, splashing in the ankle deep water before he can calm himself. He is not child anymore, and yet Mycroft constantly berates him like one just to humiliate him.
Mrs. Wannop is there as usual, in the chair to Sherlock's left. She chews her thumb, and keeps rubbing her forehead. Bad night for her, Sherlock deduces. The moderator says it's her turn.
He looks at the shredded flowers in his palm. "I've been attending private sessions."
The floor seems to drop out from under Sherlock.
There are tubes in his arms and mouth. He looks like a ghost. Like he's dead. A machine beeps in time with his heart to tell them that he is still alive.
Those are the bad nights, where he must play his violin so loudly to drown out his thoughts that point him to the hollowed out tile in the loo, or the secret bottom in the middle drawer. He knows there is enough to take away the ache, but not enough to numb him in the days after.
He stabs his noodles. "No."
She looks up with a small lift in her mouth. "Every time I'm happy, I get to draw a smile face. And then when I get cross at Uncle Mycroft, I look at them smile."
Mr. Mycroft pockets the paper. He grips his umbrella so hard it creaks.
"Emergency Service, what is your emergency?" says a lady on the other end.
A part of Rosie wants to burst into tears. She's never seen Beebee like this. He needs a doctor. And normally her father would be his doctor, but he's not here right now.
She hears a scratching and screeching sound like nails on a screaming chalkboard from downstairs. Goose flesh prickles down her arms.
"Miss Penny?" He returns to his chair and scoots it closer to her.
Sherlock remains an island in a sea of dancing and smiling guests. Molly with her Tom; John with Mary; and Janine...
He gives the phone to her. She presses it to her ear, clutching it with both hands because it is expensive and she does not want to drop it and get in trouble.
This close, she sees how dark the circles under his eyes are. He looks sleepy, which is odd because he sleeps so often. She rubs her thumb across his scratchy beard.
Luis tries to cut him in the ear when Sherlock turns to look. He catches the boy's arm and pushes him back into the ropes.
He crouches at Sherlock's side, presses close to him. He smells of cinnamon and he is warm where Sherlock is so cold inside. "It's how it's supposed to be," he whispers. "No one else would understand." He wraps his arm around Sherlock.
She is devilishly clever.
He shoves the chair back and stabs his finger at her. "Don't you ever call me that."
Luis chokes on his bottle of water. He grins at Sherlock.
Mycroft shakes his head. "He doesn't need you. No one needs you." His eyebrow ticks up and he tosses the leash into the fire.
Mycroft doesn't talk. He holds his little brother. Sherlock doesn't see the vein throbbing in his forehead, or the muscles jumping his throat. His trembling hands wrap around something invisible close to his chest and he mumbles to himself.
I wanted his point of view to show how he is healing. Grief is messy, and is different in an adult than a child. Sherlock's journey through dealing with depression and addiction in itself is so complicated that it had to be longer than the previous two chapters, so the final part will hopefully feel organic with how he and Rosie come together, and they can each move forward.
She does other stupid stuff. Her stomach still hurts when she thinks about the day at the shops.
She stays on the phone with her the entire time. When Rosie starts crying, she tells her to hold Beebee's hand. She doesn't know if it comforts him, but it helps her. He's cold.
of what he did swells in him like a tsunami, threatening to consume him. He needs to leave before she notices, before it all comes back, before she demands to know why he did it...
The tap is running in the loo. She knocks twice. "Beebee?"
A terrible decision on John's part. He glares at him over Lestrade's shoulder, but he isn't looking at Sherlock. He is watching through the window, a hand pressed to the glass.
"'Ey." Lestrade tugs Rosie back. "Say goodbye to Sherlock."
"How do you feel about her being there?"
David fell into his role of fatherhood smoothly. He loved to spend time with his son, making him smile, putting him to sleep, everything that his own father seemed to never have time for. David easily gave up spending time with his friends to spend even more time with his baby.
His father was slumped in his chair while his mother held his hand as a doctor drew blood. Mycroft stood back trying to keep his demeanour calm but if you looked close enough you could see he was worried.
Sherlock not only rolled his eyes at the accusatory stance his children were taking but also at the nickname that Darius felt he needed to bestow on his sister, in fact Darius made it his sole mission to give every one of his siblings a nickname which much to Sherlocks headache, the children addressed each other by. "First of all you can't call that a deduction if there is no proof to back it up, second, I am not nor have I ever been interested in Lestrade."
Siger crossed his arms and glared back at his son. "No, what's unnecessary is this little relationship you have going on here. How could you?"
"But-" John tried.
John was taking down notes as he listened to the Professor list the lesson plan and the supplies they would need for the Bio Chemistry class. As he was in the middle of it though a loud slam of the door occurred and John looked up with annoyance when he saw the Alpha from the bar and his Uncle.
John's Mum could tell her son was struggling with something. She held out her hand none the less "Hi Sherlock. I'm Cynthia Watson and this is my husband Zachary Watson."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft was so hypocritical. He wondered if his brother knew he knew of his little secret relationship with their head of security. He could tell his parents and that relationship would end but even though he wouldn't admit it he actually liked Greg and a moping Mycroft would be horrible to live with.
John went up in his toes and hushed Sherlock with a kiss. When he pulled away he looked into his eyes. "Then we won't tell anyone. It will just be our secret."
"Sherlock...." John said nervously "I thought you said that it was just dinner with a few family and friends"
"Fuck off." The omega said bluntly.
The school library was one of their perfect hiding places. It was quiet and secluded and they could easily hide behind bookshelves.
Sherlock looked at John "I'd say a more honest one."
Greg let out a deep breath "How about if you help me fix the room up then I'll buy you a pint. It'll already show your parents you're trying and maybe get you home faster."
He then started heading out the door with his friends but not before Mike said to James, Stephan, and Molly "And that's why there need to be a second date before you marry someone."
"Then by the power invested in me by her majesty the Queen I now pronounce you spouses. You may kiss your husband."
The volume just makes the headache worse. "Can you please not do that." She says barely above a whisper.
"Do you need me to get your alpha?" She asked sweetly.
David's goodbye seemed to be harder then when Charlotte left.
Mike stood there silently and then started laughing hysterically "That's a good one John."
"You need help."
“Pleasure to meet you Caleb.” Sherlock pulled Killian a little closer. “This is Killian, he’s four as well and I’m sure you’ll be fast friends. And this” he gestured to the baby on his hip is Archimedes, he’s 10 months old.”
John outstretched his hand "Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, it's a pleasure to meet you."
David kissed his baby. "You're the best birthday present I could ask for."
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled tightly "I'm looking forward to it you highness."
Being away from you has been hard but seeing your smiling face as we walk the park and laugh like old times tells me that we're okay. That nothing had changed.
As Harry took his hand she began to laugh in disbelief "Oh my God. Of course the golden child would bag himself a prince."
The officiator smiled once again "Alpha, you may lay eyes on your intended."
He started preparing John by sticking his fingers into his tight hole to loosen it a bit. Omegas naturally lubricated unlike betas who had to use some kind of lube.
Greg cleared his throat "I'm the boys....uncle. I think he had just one to many and his tongue ran away with him. You know how young Alphas are."
Johns cheeks burned at the question. "Yeah."
"Now you see here!" Siger bellowed "An Alpha as ruler has been the tradition for thousands of years! So help me God if those laws change under my watch!"
John gulped but did as he was told. He watched as the doctor spread gel on Sherlocks abdomen and held the device into his stomach.
"No Grandad. They're like robots." Darius said. "John is in the military and I think his kids are joining him."
John headed toward the back and stopped short and stared at Sherlock. "What the bloody hell?! I thought George threw you out of here!"
"Chloe, you're supposed to be carrying boxes inside." John said with a roll of his eyes.
Even after we parted ways for the night I can't believe how tingly and alive I feel.
Siger nodded. "Right. Into battle."
He just wanted to skip the announcement. He knew he was being childish but it was just so tempting to not face them again.
Sherlock said "I don't think John would like to seeing as he gets anxious watching people dance."
Caleb 4- Alpha
Sherlock thruster three more times then suddenly his know pushed through had his semen began to flood into John. The sweet ecstasy of please leaving them both high.
You turn to me, you've never been more beautiful.
Sherlocks eyes went wide. He had no idea Johns heat had started and from that standpoint it did look very bad that he was standing here. "Honesty Mr. Watson I had no idea."
Sherlock turned to him "I honestly have no idea where I'm going."
-------------------------------------------------
They came out to the roof. Sherlock walked towards the edge of the building "I've never taken anyone up here with me. It's like my sanctuary for when I need to think. I know it may be a bit odd but when I look out I feel as though I can see all of London stretched out before me."
"No." Sherlock said becoming stony "This is obviously not what I think it is."
John and Sherlock both looked down at the purple, sticky, being and gave laughs through tears of joy. "It's a boy Sherlock." John said through his laugh and tears.
Molly gets really close to him to whisper her information "I heard that since he just got out of rehab he found a whole new side of himself. Apparently he begged his parents to give him another chance and as such he will be attending our school to study society and to ask us about how we think and feel. He's also really dreamy."
"Yes I'm fine but you need to get up."
Jim smiled widely "That's what I'm more than happy to be if you need it."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to his brother "The divorce papers never went through and as you can clearly see from my bond mark John and I have done everything already to be recognised as a legal bonded couple. Our parents and you are just making my life miserable."
Sherlock didn't even look up to talk to him. "Anytime now."
He continued on his way down the bleachers until he got onto the field. He stopped to catch his breath for a few seconds and scan the crowd for John. Once he spotted him he smiled and headed over.
Before he could finish his ROTC friends came storming in and being loud as possible.
"Thank you Odessa." Sherlock said sarcastically and Odessa just shrugged her shoulders.
Both boys panted and started giggling at their blissed out state. They kissed until John's knot deflated and only pulled apart just so John could pull out.
Sherlock was overcome by the smell of meat and potatoes. The home was very cosy. It reminded him of the summer cottage he used to frequent as a boy with its wicker furniture and its pastel colours. The living room was spacious with a soft couch and pullout chair and a television set in the corner. It was very quaint.
Bruce gave his son a glance then turned back to staring at the wall taking a sip. "Proposed to you did he?"
Harry stood up as well and met his eyes "Or what?"
Sherlock was sitting at Greg's desk. Greg was trying to go over case notes with him but he seemed to be far away and every few minutes checking his phone to see if by chance John called or texted.
Sherlock closed his eyes and basked in the love John was giving off. "Couldn't have done it without you."
"Is it true that you were framed?"
Sherlock turned toward him "What?" He asked slightly panicked.
John smiled and held his hand out, still not looking on, and felt Sherlocks hand in his. He so badly wanted to turn to lay eyes on his beloved but knew it wasn't time.
John nodded. "And the baby?"
"I'm sure our parents wouldn't mind me showing up in the way they sent me away." Sherlock said looking out the window.
Sherlock enjoyed the frustration Greg was experiencing as he wanted to make the copper regret coming over to his house on a Saturday when he was supposed to be off and enjoying his time with his ten children, he would remind himself that his his children deserved extra sweets tonight.
"Mmm....I have better things for you to do." He then turned John around.
"Thank you sir." John said then hung up the phone. He took a deep breath and headed through the door of Sherlocks room. "Hey." He said gently.
John smiled and gave a kiss to Sherlocks brow. "You did so well."
A flash.
John smiled. "So what are you currently working on? Studying?"
On the way to the airport it was silent and even when they got there they said a few small goodbyes to one another and that was it.
Sherlock stood up straight and gave John a thoughtful look "Would you meet them?"
The Holmes parents say across from the Watsons while Sherlock and John sat together on regular chairs.
The doctor who was a young omega woman with dark hair and tan skin smiled "Oh you must be the alpha I've head so much about?"
Siger began. "I know all of you are wondering why I have brought you here today. The next words I will say are with great joy and great sadness. I am ever humble to be at England's service and had treasured every moment governing and working alongside my fellow men to provide you with the nation you deserve. It is with a heavy heart that I now inform you that I will be stepping down from the throne." Whispers were heard all around from the news crews.
Sherlock looked confused "What?"
"Yeah um..." John cleared his throat. "Yeah he did." he took a step toward his Da. "Are you okay with that?"
John threw up his hands "You didn't help me either when your mother practically accused me of raping you!"
John nodded "Yeah. Your mother's got quite an arm though.
Sherlock looks at John with hurt. "Me? How is this my fault?"
"Yes, isn't it customary to offer to bring something to ones significant others parents home?"
Sherlock gave a half smile and stepped in front of John easily tying it into a Windsor knot. "There we are. You'll be the most handsome alpha there. I'll have to bat away all the pretty omegas." Even though that statement meant to be a joke it made his heart clench at the thought.
"Deal." Persephone said with a smile. She got up from her chair and came around to her Mothers side and kissed his cheek. "You'll thank me for this. Trust me."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes "Don't be stupid. John is just.....overloaded with work. It's just how he is." Sherlock then headed to his room then closed the door behind him.
"Gosh the bills never stop do they?" Zachary said in a joking tone.
You promised that we would never part. That our love was one for the ages and I was foolish enough to believe you.
"Mother-" Sherlock stood up as well and faded his parents.
John nodded his head "Of course."
Happy Christmas faithful readers. I'm sure you're enjoying your Christmas festivities. To add to your celebration I've decided to share with you a Christmas story, or I probably should say a Christmas case.
Sherlock shrugged "We paid for a full years rent already so I don't think that'll be much of an issue right now."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed his phone seeing that the caller ID showed Lestrade "Sorry, do you mind if I take this?"
They reached a small corner bakery and David ordered himself a brownie. Just like old times.
John couldn't help but kiss those beautiful cupid bow lips. "Of course I'll marry you."
Mary looked like she swallowed her tongue "Ma....married?...."
Sherlock was growing frustrated and threw his hands up "Father, please do something!"
Sherlock shook his head and gave the boy a small smile "No darling we're just going to share the house with them."
John was still a little dumbstruck. He had been avoiding telling his parents about the baby and his marriage and now it was going to practically slap them right in the face. "Sherlock could I-"
"Mother! Stop!" Sherlock said trying to pull himself away.
After a bit his Mum came to. His Dad then spoke "John....you can't be serious."
John and Sherlock stared at each other for a quick moment then they both moved in closer and their lips met. John closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Sherlocks lips against his. Sherlock then began to move his tongue his his mouth and it tasted sweet. This was by far the best kiss he had ever experienced.
David's face immediately lit up and took him from Sherlock. "There's my little man!" He covered his son in kisses and raspberries and took a seat on the couch.
Sherlock and John stumbled into their hotel room. They would be staying here for the duration of Sherlocks heat that would last about three days.
Sherlock tightened his tie and took a deep breath. The venue that they were at was absolutely beautiful. He was currently getting ready in the "Omega suite" of the venue. This day was going to be perfect he would make sure of it.
Mike laid a friendly hand on his shoulder "Are you alright?"
John looked up and nodded with the hint of tears in his eyes and smiled. "Yeah um....I just can't believe that there's a baby in there. Much less my baby."
Their arms got tangled as the grid to undress each other's as fast as possible. It was clumsy but it felt right.
"That was insane." John says trying to catch his breath. "The most craziest thing I've ever done."
Valentina and Edelweiss were very proud of themselves "We released our under artist Mummy." Valentina said with a smile. "Mrs. Hudson said that if you had an inner feeling that you need to express it!"
"Of course Mother." Jim said giving a slight smile.
Greg's eyes were wide at Sherlocks aggressiveness. He hastily nodded his head "Blue blanket with the lamb. Got it. Mycroft and I will meet you at the hospital."
Smith smiled at John's excitement "Good. Your study will continue in Scotland starting on June 17th."
Sherlock smiled "This is 221 Baker Street. I live in 221B. The is our home." He then opened the door and let John in.
Charlotte laid down in her bed and stared at the ceiling. Her entire future depended on the outcome of her audition next week. She could not afford to mess this up.
"This is my Da, Bruce." Josh said.
John woke up to the sound of clattering pots and pans in the kitchen. He looked over and Sherlock was on his side sleeping. Quietly he got out of bed and walked out into the kitchen area to see what was making that noise.
Sherlocks face fell "You expect me to mingle with the thick heads of society! I can barely stand anyone! What makes you think this is a good punishment for me!"
"The crowned prince is here!"
Cynthia tried smiling a sweet smile "That would be nice."
Sherlock did not like where this was going. There was something off and fake about this woman. Wore too much make-up to look older. Wanted to fit in and slept her way through too many Alphas but pretended to be a virgin for her parents sake. Would rip you to pieces once you turned your back. "Yes I believe we speak of the same John Watson."
Sherlock was stunned and very hurt he began to walk away again crying hard. He eventually hailed a taxi and John saw him leave.
Siger nodded "Good man. Now let's fix what your brother has torn down."
John became angry at his sons words and picked Caleb up in his arms and marched over to the older boy. "Clark! Did you tell your brother we were leaving him here?"
Soon they were the only two left in the restaurant until the waitress informed them that they were closing.
"Seems that it's an open bar there's really no point in you buying me a drink but if you like you can fetch me one." The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them and for the first time his eyes went wide in surprise with his onslaught of words thinking that maybe John wouldn't care for the bluntness but to his surprise the Alpha just laughed.
Sherlock nodded at the 13 year old Alpha "Alright as long as you get your school work done." He walked over to the boy and handed him the baby "Here take Archimedes and if you could, supervise Killian in the tub as well. Lestrade looks like he's about to have a stroke if we continue to interrupt him."
"Well can't control everything." John said.
"Are you ready for this?" Darius said looking in his sisters Vanity and stealing her mascara.
"I'm going into the army. Special forces. I ship out next week for a year long tour. I've been going to boot camp this past year and Mycroft has helped me that even though I'm under 18 I could going the forces."
"No, I don't want special treatment." John said stubbornly. "I'm just a regular person!"
His Dad nodded cheerfully "Yes, we were surprised to find out you weren't on campus anymore but living in a flat. Did the university set you up here?"
Persephone looked at her mother "You met someone."
(See the end of the chapter for
John took pity on his children and lifted the box up "Here. Grab it from underneath and not from the sides that way it'll be much easier."
"It can be when I'm a genius and I'm forced to mingle."
But I know that this isn't really about the party. Can you please for one minute stop hiding behind yourself and say what you feel.
Mycroft nodded "I know Father. Being an Omega is my fates curse but I think I better serve from behind the throne then on it."
This was the hardest thing she had ever done. She was sure her feet were bleeding and sweat was pouring off of her. The instructor was going fast, expecting the girls to keep up with his pace. You barely had time to breath before he had you doing something else.
Beebee is up faster than she's seen him in weeks and he grabs her arm before she can get away. He pulls her out of her chair and over his legs. He spanks her legs and she screams and kicks him.
Their laughs trail off into silence. Sherlock's composure breaks, and he covers his mouth, his throat suddenly tight. He misses her so desperately in that moment that it's as if a piece of himself has been torn away. The thought of her growing up in that enormous house, which might as well have red velvet ropes at every corner because it is more a museum preserve than an actual place of dwelling, makes him shrink. She will be trapped, ruined, because of him.
She wears a lavender dress with blue flowers. When she hugs him, he can smell eucalyptus on her. She's been burning those aroma candles in her apartment then. She feels much smaller than last time he hugged her. Her hair is greyer.
Sherlock shivers and watches the snow.
She points after her beebee. "I don't want to!"
heaves a sigh from the other room. Sherlock frowns, forehead lines crinkling like clay, and turns away from the mirror. What could possibly be ailing his brother right now? Probably had an aneurysm from climbing the stairs. Too bad it didn't kill him.
Sherlock's eyes flutter open. The overhead light blocks out the face above him, but he can smell the aftershave. Sherlock shivers. It is far too cold in here.
She tells the lady to make the doctors hurry. She doesn't want to lose Beebee. She would give up her good leg if it meant her Beebee didn't have to die.
Sherlock crouches at her level, but doesn't hold his arms out. It is not a requirement that she hug him, and he doesn't want her to feel uncomfortable.
He thinks of Rosie and John.
More out of habit lately, he found his thoughts trailing back uselessly to what happened. Useless to think about if John had left only two minutes later. If the bus had been slower, if the damn client had shown up when he was meant to. It seemed the entirety of London was in-tune with itself to result in that exact moment.
Thank you so much for all the wonderful comments! You readers are the true heroes out there.
Absence has not been kind to her either.
Uncle Greg meets her at the hospital. They wait in the waiting room and Mr. Mycroft, still dressed like an office man, arrives with Nana a few hours later. She brings Rosie a pair of boots.
He cries and Song listens. They find solutions together.
There is something in his cold eyes that she has not seen before. He doesn't look as scary now. He looks like an ordinary man with an umbrella.
But Beebee said Daddy won't come home, because he is going into the ground today.
"This was in his dressing gown." She hands him the folded piece of paper. He looks at it, brows furrowed.
She turned her face into Nana's leg and shut the world out. In the darkness of her trouser legs, she wept. Soaking the fabric with hot tears. She could hear Nana's biting, sharp voice above, and another man's. It sounded like they were arguing.
She shakes his shoulder. His eyelids flicker, and she sees a flash of pure blue, before he closes them again. He mumbles something.
There is a long mirror in the corner of the bedroom.
Bedtimes are hardest. Beebee will try to do it like Daddy did, but she can't snuggle with him for a story. He'll kiss her forehead and turn on the moon shaped nightlight. She has to have the nightlight and the hall light on, because she's started wetting the bed again, something she hasn't done since she was a little baby.
A nurse tells them they have to leave too. Mr. Mycroft gestures for her to follow. "Come Rosamund."
ask too much," he retorts.
"Sherlock?" John nudges him.
"I want pudding."
"Since before you were born."
"Did he say anything to you?" Grandma says.
She does not.
And if her father's temperament hasn't been coded into her veins, through and through. Watsons do not heal easily. They keep their grief - and anger - close. He strayed from his vow with devastating consequences, but he will not make the same mistake again. Just as he was for John, Sherlock will be there for her.
She and Grandpa were at the hospital the first few nights. They took turns reading her books. Then Beebee made them leave. He's not very nice around Grandma. Rosie likes their house out in the country. They got a swing for her for when she stays with them over the weekend. And Grandpa reads to her with all his funny voices, and Grandma makes the best pies. She always smells like the food she bakes. It's a good smell.
Her breath hitches. She doesn't mean to cry, especially with Mr. Mycroft watching her.
He plays mermaids with Rosie until she is pruney, and he helps her dry off. She points out that he has not had his bath yet, but he says he will after Rosie goes to bed.
"Amb-u-lance," he corrects gently. "It didn't hurt. The physicians were helping me."
He trembles and rises to his feet. "It isn't real," he whispers.
At a quarter to four, Lestrade looks at his watch. "We'll have to get going. The aquarium closes at 6."
Sherlock swallows hard and shakes his head. "Once, after I was admitted." Though he hadn't called to specifically talk to her, she just happened to be in the same room as Mycroft. She should have been in bed. Though he doubted Mycroft was keeping track of her sleep schedule, letting her run about the maison like a wild child.
He sits down next to her and scoops up a forkful of pasta and points it at her mouth. "Finish your dinner. You are a big girl now."
Uncle Greg's head turns, and the room hushes. Rosie twists and at last sees the curly dark hair. Beebee wears black too, but he always wears black, because that is his work suit. Daddy says he likes to be fancy for his clients. This time though, he wears a necktie. Nana must've made him. His face is smooth again. At breakfast he still had a scratchy beard, and it tickled Rosie's cheek when she hugged him. He frowns at the room, eyes scanning corner to corner.
Beebee's hand rests in her hair. She looks up. "Uncle Greg gave me a bow," she tells him.
Rosie whirls around. "No!" she roars.
a second chance with her, no matter how thin that chance might be. As badly as he wanted to be with John, he now wants to be with her more.
He's drowning.
"Beebee?" she calls.
"No."
Sherlock knows it is illogical to see life as a balance sheet, to "scratch backs" as John put it. But he knows he owes his fiends, especially John. He will forever be in John's debt, and the ledger weighs heavily upon his shoulders.
before bed.
She points to his right hand, and Uncle Greg shakes his head and bites his cheek.
Now, she looks up at him, still smiling, and uncaps a purple marker. She pulls down her sleeve and draws a smile. Sherlock watches her, completely entranced.
Mycroft chuckles in that revoltingly irritating way of his and smiles with too much teeth. "You wouldn't need people either if you just stopped with this little play-act."
"Yes."
Beebee looks over her head and Uncle Greg smiles and walks towards them.
She came close to understanding, because she lives with loneliness as well, but hers is a different loneliness. She did not ask, so Sherlock did not tell. Sherlock will never tell.
Sherlock blinks, and squeezes Jim's hand. He does not have to say it aloud.
"Oi. We've got a job to do."
to like her. She got his attention in a way that did not irritate nor intrigue him. Sherlock was correct in his observation. Brides tend to favor plain bridesmaids as an unconscious contrast for their "big day." Janine will likely gather even duller women for her wedding. But if his deductions are correct, she will remain single for many more months, possibly years, because of her high stress job.
"Rosamund," he says softly. "Say hello to James."
She slowly twists one of her rings, eyes elsewhere. "I shouldn't have left you there."
"Hello sweetheart..." His voice hitches. He clears his throat. "How - how are you?"
"I haven't told her why we're here. She thinks we're on a case, top secret stuff, y'know. I figured it'd be like a plaster. Just rip it off." He squeezes Sherlock's shoulder. "Yeah, it's gonna be rough, but you're all she's got."
Rosie freezes up. This is an emergency. She needs to talk to this lady. She has to get Beebee help.
John crouches down and lifts the medals, just over the space where his heart would be. There is a hole, carved through the muscle and bone, and the smoldering cavity is empty. Smoke trickles out.
Grandma huffs. "It wouldn't hurt to call ahead, would it." She sees Rosie looking. "You remember Uncle Mikey don't you?"
Mary is
The blood drains from his face. He can't read that last one.
A child will change the equilibrium in their lives in a monumental scope not even he can imagine. John never expressed that he wanted children, and Mary only came into his life two years ago. Sherlock had hope that none of this was permanent, but John is a good, honorable man. He would never leave an expecting mother. Sherlock wants to beat his head in for thinking such thoughts.
Uncle Greg curls both arms around her and Beebee takes her hands off his neck. "Go with Lestrade."
Stupid question. Most of her questions were stupid. Of course he couldn't say that, not to her face. That would be rude. And Mycroft told him he had to behave while he's here.
But instead of bruises and scarring, smiley faces stare up at him. All over her arm, drawn in blue felt tip marker.
"But..." Sherlock's lower lip wobbles. "John."
Sherlock gulps. "That's... good. Very good. Do you feel better?"
The legs bend, knees beside his head, the coat just barely brushing his cheek. A leather gloved hand turns his face side to side. The light blocks out the face above, but he can see the outline of frazzled hair.
The tears dry on her cheeks long before she falls asleep.
"Circle group. You've missed the last three."
"No!" Sherlock cries, reaching for the leash, but Mycroft is too tall. "I-I'll take care of him," he pleads. "He needs me."
His slow movements freeze. His entire body winds itself tight and tense. She waits for his reaction, almost hopeful for something over than this bland apathy. For a moment she thinks he is going to crawl back into his shell like the turtle he is. He opens his mouth then closes it, and gives himself a hard shake.
Lately, Sherlock has felt absent. Not physically. Physically, he knows that he is present in this room, at this party, surrounded by a hundred people he does not know. But there is another absence in him. It has been growing for a while now, spreading like a sinkhole, hollowing out his entire being without remorse. Some nights, he feels it ache.
There at well over twenty on the one arm she bares to him. Probably from this day alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
She had glared at him with such a look of hatred that he felt himself shrink. An angry film of tears brimmed in her eyes, but did not fall. He had never seen her shake with anger before, not even when he started using again after Mary died.
She felt his hand on her shoulder, trying to push her away. She shook her head and clung tighter.
Laughter behind him. The pews are filled with faceless mannequins, except Mycroft, who watches with a grimace.
"You've liked it up until now."
Sherlock bangs his elbow on the bottom of the tub. He has managed to contort himself enough so he's lying on his side with his knees tucked into his chest, but that leaves his toes under the faucet, which has been leaking for weeks now. He has attempted to patch it thrice now, and the drips stop for a day or two, but they always return when the flat is quiet.
He stands, and he is very tall but Rosie is even taller. She won't let him bully her.
He turns and holds out his hand. Mary, in her wedding gown, steps up to alter and takes his hand, smiling at Sherlock.
"It was your night," Mr. Mycroft hisses.
But John doesn't answer. And when Sherlock turns to look, he is gone.
"Do you have a gun?"
She squirms in place. "You read... and telly always tells you, it's like... losing a limb." She sucks in her cheeks and shakes her head. "It's not." She shrugs. "I could cut off my own hand and be sad or angry, but - "
"Well John isn't - " He flings his fork down and scoots his chair back with a rough scrape. He stands and grabs his plate. "Molly made it, so you will eat it."
"Liar!"
Grandma crosses her arms. "You knew him for as long as Sherlock. I should say you very much owe your time to him."
She finally manages to squeeze through the opening. Her feet splash through the water on the floor. Beebee is lying in the middle of the puddle, one arm twisted under him and his legs bent at awkward angles. His bottom is blocking the door from opening any more.
Luis is bright, and quick with punches in the ring. He calls Sherlock,
Her first thought is how ugly she looks. And she wants to cry. But then she remembers the soldier from Daddy's funeral. She didn't think he looked ugly. Daddy would never have said that he was ugly. The soldier looked strong. Brave. Brave enough to look at his reflection. Brave enough to go to a funeral.
Her heart starts thumping really hard as the phone rings. She goes back into the loo and sits next to Beebee's head. White drool leaks out of his mouth. His teeth chatter with shivers.
She peeks up. This close, she sees that there is something wrong with the soldier's face. The skin is wrinkled and pink on one half. His eyes look like clouds. Sad.
He goes through the motions once he is back at the flat. Tea, shower, comb, teeth. It's all he can do. He grabs a spoon from the drawer and digs around for a lighter. His blow torch would melt the spoon.
It's easy seeing it from a distance. No cleanup necessary. No
She twisted her head and screamed at Nana. No words. Just screamed until she had to draw a breath in again. Through her blurring vision saw her flinch back. Why would Nana want her to let go? She'd found him again, after so long.
But Beebee doesn't yell at her like she is expecting. He says nothing.
"You're looking so much better darling," she says.
"Hello Rosie."
Sherlock once fell off the Thames bridge. It was a long way down, with time to think. But oddly, the only thing he could hear in his head was a high keening as he braced himself for impact. The landing was like hitting concrete, and knocked the breath from him.
"You'll walk in through that door, and say...'Time to go now.'"
Mycroft pays her handsomely to visit him while he's stuck here. They hold his sessions in his room, or a cramped, artificial imitation of what a doctor believes a room is supposed to look like. Of course there is the squeaky metal frame, the thin mattress he is convinced is stuffed with newspapers, and a small bedside table. Everything is bolted to the floor. The window will open a few inches to let in a breeze.
Her lower lip sticks out. "It was an accident. One time."
. But... what do you do now that you can't die?"
A soft voice sighs. "You'll never change, Sherlock."
The kitchen is silent except for the fridge's humming. She is sick of his stupid face, with the scratchy hair and his pink eyes. She wants to hit him. She pushes the plate side ways and it clatters off the table.
She blinks in surprise. "Miss Penny talks to you too?"
Flashes of glass sprinkling against the asphalt next to her hand, and screeching metal leave her shaking in the cramped hall. The walls are closing in.
Charlotte shook her head. "This is not fair! This is not how it's supposed to be!"
John felt Sherlock tense next to him "Dad I don't think-"
"But she-"
John stood at the front of the alter with his back turned. Traditionally, Alphas weren't to look at their intended Omega until they were bonded, the tradition had evolved to the Alpha keeping their back turned until the Omega stood beside them.
"Da! Da please!" John cried.
Mrs. Hudson looked over to John speechless.  "Sherlock....."
____________________________________
Clark grinned apparently pleased with himself that he gave his little brother a fright "You got to admit it was pretty funny."
"Hush now. Do as I say and make sure this place is spotless!"
John turned towards the booming voice that had just yelled and stood wide eyed as the King himself walked in. Everyone immediately bowed to his majesty and John not wanting to be rude started to as well before Sherlock pushed him back up.
Sherlock relaxed a bit at that statement, apparently he wasn't ready for anyone to know what John was to him.
Sherlock nodded "Agreed."
Christopher 17- Alpha
Christopher’s inner Alpha grew and looked the fellow Alpha in the eye “You don’t want to challenge me. You’re not even a full Alpha yet.”
Valerie looked at her husband "It's a legitimate question! You and I are not getting any younger dear and John needs to settle down. All this army doctor stuff is fine for now but John, you have to understand that you'll want to have a family."
"He actually hasn't said much. Which is odd for him." John said as he landed on his bed.
Sherlock
Siger shrugged "That doesn't sound so bad."
John smiled as he slid his class ring on Sherlock's finger. John then stood up and kissed Sherlock hungrily. Once he pulled away he looked into his eyes and the both started giggling "We'll have to find someplace and someone to marry us."
John licked his lips "We've only been together for six month though."
John smiled "Alright let's go."
John rushed over to his mother who was being held up by his father. "Mum?" He said hurriedly.
"I will." Sherlock said.
Soon other officers joined in trying to restrain him.
"Now as you ladies know next week is the audition process to be accepted among our ranks. All you young ladies will participate in the judging and I'm happy to announce we have over 200 applicants this season."
__________________________________________
Some days we're the perfect couple. An ordinary life (well as ordinary as you can get in our case), each day it's just typical us. Then you start to go into your own little world of fame and recognition.
Sherlock showed him another picture of a woman laying face down in a pink coat "A list of suicide murders. The murder was a cabbie who was going to die of a brain aneurism. For one last thrill he would make people take a pill which would kill them. I figured it out and stopped him."
Thank you so much for reading!! Sorry it took so long to get this up but I'm so greatful to those who read and liked this story. I appreciate each and every one of you and I'm so humbled by all your kind words and encouragements. Thank you so much!
David narrows his eyes. "We're not play things you can pick up whenever you damn well feel like it."
"And now..." The doctor said hitting a button. "The heartbeat."
