I echoed, Anna Coram’s fanatical face in my mind.
for sound, grieving at the loss of it.
“Quite so," I huffed. Suspicion curling in my mind, I narrowed my eyes. Considering the effort it had taken him to agree to this venture, it would not have been completely impossible. Holmes could be so very wily when denied his way of things.
“Yes, yes, I understand,” said Holmes, voice flickering with impatience. “What we are attempting to understand is not the delay itself, but rather the reason for it.
“An engagement?”
“Some water, my dear fellow?” he asked gently, and I nodded gratefully, privately touched by his consideration. In moments, a glass was in my hand, passed to me by thin fingers. I swallowed the liquid, graceless and wincing, and I noticed Holmes’s gaze, tracking my throat.
“Nothing so definitive,” Holmes said. “I knew he was Russian, and seeking to hide it. That he had recently come to this country, and that he could not have killed Smith alone. I observed some unusual wear on his shoes for a man so frail he could not walk downstairs without assistance...and made to confirm my hypothesis that he was not, indeed, invalided at all.”
A mess of long, thin scars, overlapping and criss-crossing their way from the bottom of his shoulder blades to the middle of his back where they disappear only because the mirror in which they are reflected comes to an end. John's bet is that they extend even further than what he can see. They’re hardly raised above the normal level of the skin and Sherlock’s pallor camouflages them to a certain extent, but they’re still very visible under the unforgivingly harsh bathroom lights and John hears himself gasp.
Yet more proof of how little he deserves them, if any more evidence was needed.
Jim’s voice changes. Sherlock can almost hear him frown.
John can feel his jaw clenching tightly.
If Sherlock tells him the truth, tells him about the snipers and the code and the rhythm and all of it, maybe John will understand. Or maybe that’s just foolish, self-deluding sentiment talking. Maybe Sherlock is missing the point, maybe the point is that John has had plenty of time to reconsider already, reconsider their friendship and Sherlock as a person and found both lacking. Maybe that’s why he has looked elsewhere in Sherlock’s absence.
“I don’t understand,” I heard, and turned to see the old station master gawking down the tracks with disbelief. “The train...it’s gone!”
“Mycroft has already telegrammed to lecture me, my dear fellow,” he said. “But I was exactly where I needed to be.” And what could I say to that? Nothing wise.
, weren’t you listenin’?” the man snapped, his young face twisted with annoyance. “That’s why I’m still bloody here! I’m filing a complaint about my treatment!”
At my words, Mycroft’s frown deepened, carving caverns into the sides of his mouth. Sensing the possibility of bringing him to my side, I summoned the first compromise that came to mind. “Is it possible that this case could wait until our return? Your agents could have that time to do what you deem necessary, and if you should still need Holmes in three weeks...” I trailed off deliberately, knowing better than to promise Holmes’s cooperation on anything. In the corner of my eye, Holmes's churlish expression justified my doing so.
“Freddie,” Peter said, tears slipping from his dark eyes. “God, it must have frightened him so much. And he came to you?” Peter shook his head, amazed. “Such a sharp boy. Stubborn as Mum was."
“Evidence that suggests Mr. Robinson is yet another victim in this affair,” said Holmes, electric in energy as he threw up his arm for a cab. “Though it appears he brought much of his own suffering upon himself.”
"Watson," he said, suddenly, and in such a voice that it stopped me in my tracks. I turned, blinking, and saw that my friend was wearing an expression I could only call stricken.
Holmes lowered his pipe, eyes narrowing. “On the road itself?”
“We did not come all this way just to wait at the bar, John,” Holmes said coolly, and I barely restrained a jolt at the sound of my Christian name in that voice.
“Like most readers, I know that all too well,” he said, his smile taking a rather winning glint, and I chuckled at the flattery. Feeling a small flutter of interest, I weighed the wisdom of making pleasant conversation over questioning other patrons about our young client’s brother. It had been a terribly long time since I had engaged in this dance, and I found I had missed the exchange and confidence it inspired in me with equal measure. “You’re a rather infamous member here, even considering the Circle’s more...high-level clients. I hope you’re not opposed to entertaining a fan for a few moments, if you have them? I saw that you were alone, and thought at least I could offer you my company.”
“And after?” I asked quietly. “What happened then?”
In the morning, Holmes came as promised. Unbearably, he appeared completely normal after last night’s conversation, almost as if it had never occurred at all. It set off warning chimes in my mind, telling me all was not normal no matter how opaque the glass behind Holmes’s eyes appeared. His gentleness in helping me into the hansom so I did not jostle myself was subtle, but not subtle enough to me who knew him so well. Neither was his lingering gaze on my collarbone, which glared with livid red bruising that had grown even more pronounced overnight. No, all was not well with my friend, but I did not prod him on the way home. Nor did I speak much at all to him, other than asking or denying assistance as we made our way finally to our sitting room, and soon I had lost the chance. After a perfunctory inquiry about my needs, to which I told him I was fine to sit and catch up on our post for a time with a cuppa, Holmes had disappeared to his rooms and left me alone. It was further evidence for my concern that he did not linger. The conclusion of a case usually left Holmes in the most resplendent of moods: it was then that he reached for his violin and played his sweetest music, that he insisted we treat ourselves to dinner out or a live performance, that he could be most easily pressed to indulge in sweets and snifters and laughter.
The twinging in my leg in the cold dragged me from my maudlin over the morning’s Everest of new post. Behind me, Holmes made a distracted noise.
Through my fingers, Holmes painstakingly tightened a strap around a row of glittering bottles. “Its weight and dimensions will not succeed the limits of a standard hansom, Watson, I assure you. Unless you planned to bring several additional bags of formalwear, to which I regret to inform you that Staffordshire is quite a rustic little district. You wouldn’t want to stand out so much amongst the locals.”
Fred sniffed once, and rather heroically straightened his small shoulders.
what they were, but I sent you into danger practically blind just to cater to my
It was small and smudged, charred at the edges. A cornerpiece of letter paper, by the look of it. I didn’t recall seeing Holmes burning anything the day we left. I certainly hadn’t. Gingerly, I found myself limping over to Holmes’s work desk. Scrounging a lighter from my pocket, I lit the well-used votives on Holmes’s desk to examine the paper scrap. Thick stock, I noticed wearily, exhausted mind struggling to employ the methods Holmes had drilled in me. Cream color. More expensive than the usual cornerstore lot, but not embossed or ostentatious like that of an aristocrat’s. Professional paper, then, from an upper-class businessman.
Mrs. Marker paused, her expression turning to sorrow. “Ah. Poor young Mr. Smith, he was a smoker also.” Her voice went weak and quivery at mention of the lad’s name. “Not as bad as the Professor, of course, but…with his health, I don’t know that it’s better nor worse for smoking.”
,” I read aloud, voice low around the words of a dead man. It felt as if I were reading a penny dreadful, or a ghost story. “
“Then we’re off. But I will be back, Mr. Bertram, if I’ve any further questions.” My friend’s stoic expression was nearly enough to make the young man quail.
I rushed forward, intent to tackle the professor to the floor—anything to divert his intended aim—but the redirected steel barrel of a Webley stopped me dead in my tracks.
“I found something myself in the storeroom—a curious collection of tools, muddy and recently used. The station master hardly seems the kind to stay on top of arduous maintenance, and yet…” Holmes shook his head, his mind visibly turning over gears. “Let us have another word with the station master. Then Watson, we have an experiment to perform.”
Holmes looked similarly unbalanced, his newfound confidence disappearing as quickly as it had appeared. “Ah,” he said quietly. “The most complicated aspect. That where I have the least amount of experience, and even less understanding.”
“Very bold,
“My dear Watson," he said. "I wish that...” Head bowing, his voice faded in anguish. “Deceiving you has been my greatest regret.”
“Speak for yourself, I’ll have another.” Thomas pointed a finger at me. “And so will you, if I have my way about it. You’ve finally come out, and if I don’t see you have a good time of it you might never show your face again! It’s just good form to show your friend here a corker too, mission for a lost "certain somebody" accomplished or not!”
“Our partnership has changed since I returned from the dead,” Holmes said. “You know as well as I that…” He pressed his lips together in a thin, colorless line. “I know you have not forgiven me. And I will not attempt to minimize the…difficulty you have experienced, boarding with me again. But I can no longer ignore the obvious, Watson. I do not know if you had planned to inform me soon, but I will save you the effort—and merely hasten that which was inevitable. I suggest you find lodgings with another more suitable to your preferences.”
“Uptight little twerp,” the station master said, venom infusing his voice as he endeavored to sit upright. “Always harpin’ on about the smallest mistakes that don’t matter. I remember the train comin’ in and I sent the message, a’right? It was late and I was tired, but y’know what, I do my work proper! Little upstart’s just petty and lookin’ for praise.”
Holmes issued a slow, amiable smile, leaning forward to engage Thomas’s confidence in a low tone. “I’m here to meet a good friend from circles outside this one. He mentioned that he was a member here in conversation, and I haven’t seen him since a certain bash in the East End left me with his address quite ruined—an unfortunate mishap with some spilled wine, you see.”
Holmes opened his mouth, but wretchedly, said nothing. After a moment, his expression gripped with sorrow, he said, “There is no one else.”
I thought back, unable to resist chiding back even if he lived only in my head. I felt weak. Like fractured china.
Holmes made a face. “Really,” he said, scowling. “I am not a child.”
And I believed, with every fiber of my being, that he would do it, or he would die trying.
I could not help but chuckle, disproportionately charmed by the expression of jealousy. It was lighter and sweeter than the feeling that Holmes’s behavior at the club inspired. “A common reaction, my dear Holmes. I will refrain, then, for your sake.” Holmes narrowed his eyes at me, and I smiled. Slowly, my mirth transmitted to him from across the room, softening his handsome features with a gentleness that made my chest flutter.
“I highly doubt that,” I replied, through gritted teeth. The careless murder of a constable without hesitation or remorse burned in me, filling me up with a furious defiance.
“No time for courtship or friends,” Holmes hummed. Nimble fingers struck a flame close to the edge of his pipe. “And how old is your brother?”
“I—no,” Ms. Tarlton said, cheeks a proper shade of red now, and I offered her a rueful smile on my friend’s behalf. Her eyes brightened, then, and she blinked. “Oh! Oh, but I do recall he left the manor briefly a few days ago. He sent a letter through the post, I remember he had mentioned the increasing price of stamps.”
It was Holmes’s turn to stare in disbelief. Within, I reeled at my own boldness.
A spindling fissure now wound up its worn and polished stem. My eyes burned with tears.
“Forgive me if I don’t leave such things to chance. I am not afraid to testify, Holmes. I want to see them both put away as much as you do.”
“It is freezing outside,” Holmes said matter-of-factly, the supple material of his gloves sliding methodically against the bones of my hands. My hands were terribly grateful, yet the sensation of his deliberate fingers massaging mine served to warm more than those icy digits alone. The hands are deeply sensitive limbs of the body, and judging from the sportive look in Holmes’s eyes, he knew it well. “If
In my mind, Holmes was gentle. Perhaps gentler than he ever was in life.
“That leaves us at romantic intimacy,” I said, with false bravado as heat climbed up my neck. “I believe we are of the same mind regarding commitment and monogamy. That our plans for the future are—erhm. Intertwined. But where are your preferences in the realm of…open affection?”
“It were yesterday! Earlier in my shift! They just wanted to lift the edge of some railway near one of the stations on the line, so the—so the water of the lake wouldn’t come in too close, they said.”
“Good morning, inspector, it’s quite alright. Won’t you sit?” I asked, and he obliged.
“And you’re going to scare him off at this rate,” I teased. “Thomas, this is my friend, William Vernet.”
“Ah,” Holmes said delicately. “My apologies, Watson, I did not intend to wake you."
, I beg you—do you truly believe me the machine you described me as in your stories? Have I failed you so in our friendship that you could assume such cruelty from me?"
Wiggins tipped his tweed cap, grinning. “You’ve a deal, Mr. ‘Olmes!" For a moment, the boy's irrepressible mirth faded. "Freddie thinks the world of his brother. He’s a good one, as far as brothers go. I hope you can dig ‘im out of whatever trouble he’s wound up in.”
support me, if this went the way I feared most. I would survive, I told myself. I would survive, even if my heart did not.
Thank you guys so so much for all the lovely comments and kudoses! I had such a lovely time writing this and I hope you guys enjoyed the final chapter <3
The quip was pitiful, as far as even my humor went, but I had no intention of lingering any longer in what so nearly had become a colossal, unprecedented misstep with my dearest and closest friend. Making to retreat, I spun on a dizzy heel and began to make for the stairs before the embarrassment in my veins caused me to catch fire.
“A director’s board was travelling with you, sir?” Holmes asked, visibly intrigued. “Which company did they represent?”
“Your theory is interesting to me, Professor,” said my friend. “Very interesting, indeed. I have much to ponder. I should prefer, by your leave, to go quietly down to your garden and turn the whole matter over in my head. We must apologize for having intruded upon you, Professor Coram, and I promise we won’t disturb you again until we take our leave.”
“I am not surprised,” I said. I swallowed hard. “It is an invert club, Holmes. A bar for homosexuals.”
“You know you become quite pointed when you’re stressed, Watson? Calm yourself, I’ve already located the bag. Mr. Robinson’s eccentric taste extends to his luggage, as I suspected.”
He paused as suddenly the bartender swept by from down the row, tossing a wet cloth below the bar.
“Holmes...?” I said, turning to him for any semblance of explanation. He looked up at me, the lantern swinging by his bent head, and his grey eyes mirrored the shine of the metal tracks in the moonlight.
to try waging some sort of vendetta against whatever remained of Moriarty’s people in-country, let alone the capability. I was fooling myself. I was grieving. I needed sleep—
“Terrorism?” I echoed, alarmed.
"But why—”
“Well, Wilson, any news?” asked Hopkins.
“However did you manage that?”
“Why—why on Earth would you think…” I trailed off, disbelieving. I had never encountered such a mistake in Holmes’s reasoning before this moment.
“I would see justice done,” Holmes said coolly, voice firm. “But within the natural boundaries of the law.”
I cracked open my eyes to the ashy black of the fireplace grate, thoughts sluggish and poisoned.
Lifting an eyebrow, I joined his side and peered down at the long stretch of tracks at our feet. “Strange they're still here, Holmes,” I said, brow furrowing. “Quite deep, I should say.”
room.”
In my anguish, I barely noticed the faint emotion coming loose in Holmes’s expression, flickering strain. As it was, I could not speak, and could only watch, slipping into despair, as Holmes continued, his voice only just unraveling at its aloof, dull edges.
"Holmes..." I said, when I could manage it. My heart was burning in my chest like a bonfire. "That is...precisely romantic."
“Soft heart,” mumbled Holmes, voice bleeding affection.
His gaze held mine, oceans deep and leagues exposed. "If I could reciprocate your feelings?"
To my desperate relief, Holmes’s condition remained stable. The physician on call, after examining Holmes’s breathing, pulse, and the condition of his ribs—beneath my critical gaze—declared after careful inspection that internal bleeding, while not impossible, was unlikely. I was given orders to watch him intently overnight, once I made it clear that I was going nowhere from his bedside. After some disapproving reprimand from said attending physician—who I reluctantly admit was merely doing his job, and properly—I allowed him to clean and wrap my knuckles in soft bandages.
“The country air is one thing, Holmes,” I said, taking his arm and guiding us swiftly towards the main road. “But a country storm is quite another.”
“Any word, sir?” I asked him.
“And what was inside the warehouse?”
I flushed. “Ah. Well.”
my dear man, if you are concerned about the courts.”
“Already done,” said Wiggins. “We've been lookin’ since Fred put us on it yesterday.”
Holmes blinked rapidly, and his mouth coiled into a crooked grin. “Your concern is touching, Watson, as is your evaluation of my appeal—” Within my chest my heart thudded, and my wheeze of surprise mercifully transformed into a passable scoff, “—but I assure you, I am quite capable of managing myself.”
“So now it is
Holmes barked a laugh, and it was a wretched, watery thing. “And you ask me what’s wrong. Of course, you try to comfort
“Two, sir, after Grisham.”
Horror and regret swamped my chest like heavy mud. He’d been barely more than a child, inspired by my detective stories towards a novice investigation that might have gotten him killed in the end. My writing had encouraged him to risk, and by the time his plea had reached us, we could only have solved his murder. It was so dreadful I could barely speak.
“I have,” Lestrade said shortly, mouth twisting. “I don’t suppose
Almost on cue, Mrs. Hudson’s voice flew in from downstairs. “Mr. Holmes! Dr. Watson! Your cab is here!”
“Wonderful! Thank you, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson. I shall see you soon.”
“No, sir, nothing.”
“I have no evidence to prove it,” Holmes said guardedly, pressing his lips together. “But you know well what I think of
” she said, and there was a knowing to her that made her seem years older than she was. “And there are things that are much worse than death. Your prisons are nothing. Your punishments are nothing. Your friend is nothing, because my husband and I have faced the entire world and survived.”
With that query, Holmes seemed satisfied with her testimony; smoothly, he asked we be shown the scene of the crime.
the train! Like we all were some fare-skimmers using old tickets! I never been so insulted in my life!”
A weak, wonderful chuckle burst from my friend’s lips, and at last the despair ebbed away from his fair features.
Holmes sighed long-sufferingly, but his mouth twitched in a smile. “Very well.”
“You needn’t worry, doctor,” Mycroft said. “The train conductor has been left instructions to leave seven minutes later than scheduled. Your seat is in the fourth car, it will be waiting for you when you arrive.”
My god, Holmes.”
“…In love?” He said the words like he could not fathom their meaning.
“I’ll sleep later. You’ll tell me now.” I lifted an eyebrow. “Unless you’d like to go home and rest yourself, then I suppose I’d be amenable.”
Holmes opened eyes that had drifted closed, and I treasured the color that had bloomed beneath the fair skin of his face.
Not long after Holmes and I had traded our morning wear for proper clothes, Mrs. Hudson was knocking on the sitting room door frame.
"I told you last night, Holmes. You are the greatest friend I have ever known." I lifted helpless hands and dropped them. "I have always thought so. It is inevitable that I would love you. You are..." A bashful lump formed in my throat. "You are extraordinary."
“The ladies were all too happy to tell me about Peter Ables, my dear fellow, once I expressed interest in their makeup techniques. And I was more than happy to be their model and learn them, provided they tell me all they knew.”
“Thank you,” Holmes said, seemingly aglow. For a surreal moment, I wondered how my friend would react if I admitted how becoming I truly found him. “It is not the first time I have worn such artifice, but it has been long indeed since I had another apply makeup to my own face with skill. The process can actually be quite soothing, and there is much to be learned from their specific techniques regarding the...enhancement of certain features and the diminution of others. Remarkable implications for my work.”
“Anna!” Coram bellowed.
“Tuesday afternoon, they said, he left off for ‘ome. Ain’t nobody’s seen ‘im since.”
"And now I have injured you,” he said. “And to what end? I know nothing of this.
“I would never doubt it.”
And yet, my feet dragged on the street, and my heart sent heated little pulses in remembrance of the soft look Holmes shared with me when he left.
“Right,” I managed, clearing my throat, and Holmes’s mouth split into a sudden and white grin.
“Ulterior motives?” Thomas said, sandy eyebrows jaunting upwards. “Mr. Vernet, this is a society of ulterior motives.” I coughed pointedly and Thomas chuckled. “But I’m glad to be of service to anyone honest enough to admit it.”
go with Holmes. Tell Lestrade to meet us at St. Bart’s as soon as he can.” At that, I clambered into the carriage behind Holmes, who had been settled gently in the rear bed. As the driver set us off, I settled near his head, holding his neck steady with tender hands. Eyes closing, I sent up the fiercest prayers I was capable of—for our swift arrival, and above all, safety for the man I held in my hands.
“And it was very gallant, my dear doctor.”
“It was below the desk, near the telegraph station.”
“Displayed to whom?”
“H-Holmes,” he rasped, voice tattered, and the sound of his voice saying my name was more beautiful than any of Beethoven's symphonies. I hushed him with a new and fragile gentleness, my hands moving to grasp his and keep the both of us whole.
“I do not intend to use the telegram, Mr. Bertram,” said Holmes, shaking his head. With abrupt grace, he dropped to his knees at the foot of the desk, reaching behind it and plucking an odd article of paper from the floor, where it had fallen behind the desk and lodged itself upright in the floorboards. “But it appears someone else did.”
Luckily, bruises and strained muscles were the extent of my injuries. My neck and collar were a ghastly sight, as was the entire right side of my body where I met the shallow rockbed of a freezing cold brook, but otherwise, I had not broken a single bone. I ached, however, rather miserably, and desired nothing more than my own bed, a bit of whisky, and Baker Street.
“…My dear fellow,” he said quietly.
“...ger me sideways,” the man garbled, squinting up at us with a foul expression on his ruddy face. I scowled down at him, repulsed by the vulgar display. “Yeah? What is it, don’t have all day.”
was blue, those spring-sky shades I had grieved the loss of. I practically gave way, slumping half on the bank and on top of him, and I found myself pressing my forehead against his.
“We are expecting a client, Watson,” he says, eyes bright. “He’s returned to London three weeks ahead of schedule, and he wants to meet us tonight.”
“I woke quite early this morning. I heard you sit up in bed from downstairs.”
“Coram!” I hissed, whipping around to face him. “Damn it, you’ll pay for this!”
“...But you do know most of it,” I pressed, burying the sudden longing that rose up in me. I shifted in my repose, face twisting in discomfort as my leg twinged, and my friend frowned at me.
The station master lifted up his voice in a bellow to confirm the herald of my relief. “Attention! The train is arriving at the station! Please stand well away from the platform edge!” The shriek of a whistle broke the air, shrill and long.
“I see.” My voice was not as strong as I wished to be. “The...the effect is quite striking.”
“And able to make a fair deal on your invention,” Holmes hummed. “What would a good price have been, for this revolutionary machine of yours?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Save for the driver and a single compartment of rich, foreign men,” Holmes confirmed, dipping his head, and his voice rippled with intrigue. “It is
Anna Coram swept forward, and with an outstretched hand, triggered the mechanism which closed the door with the tugging of a false book. I could not bury the sweeping dread that took hold of me as that hinge began to draw closed with the heavy click of a winch.
I cringed at the bellow that volleyed over my head down the hall. "Some tea, if you please!"
“Flattery will get you nowhere, my dear man,” Holmes said, with cheek that made him seem years younger.
Before the kiss could deepen and those nimble hands could drive me to carelessness, I pull away with a short chuckle. “I must wash up. I believe we need to be at the station by eight, and I don't intend to be late.”
“Yes. The ones you sorted for me were trite affairs. Falsified, in the case of a few. One was interesting but the client will not be in country for yet another month, and another won’t require follow up for, say, another nine.” My eyebrow went up at that particular number, but he carried on. “All in all, a disappointing collection.”
trodden down,” Hopkins clarified. “But I could not find anything in the nature of distinct impression. There could be no question that someone had passed along the grass border which lines the path to the estate, and that he had done so to avoid leaving a clear track in the rain-soaked dirt. The fact remains, someone
The woman began worrying her wrinkled hands, upset. “Ohh, no. No, I’m afraid the young lad was as good-natured and hard-working as ever. He was—he was a good lad. A shame what happened. A shame, sir.” Her voice went thick once more with emotion, her dusty blue eyes shining with unshed tears. “…T’weren’t right, what happened to him. That anyone could hurt such a young man, it is, oh, it is an awful thing.”
His childish grimace faded lightly, subverted with the distant veneer of fondness. “You are a taskmaster. But let it be said I am a man of my word.”
Perhaps it was pride that drew me to think so, but I fancied, maybe, that Holmes would not mind if I kept them. Part of me wanted to keep everything myself, hoard his belongings away from the fingers of others who had not known or understood the man they’d belonged to. If Mycroft asked, I could not deny blood ties, but no, no one else. I would be selfish with Holmes’s things now, even if I’d been too cowardly in his lifetime to be selfish
Holmes’s eyes went wide, grey eyes shining like the Thames in the early dawn.
Swallowing hard, I nodded once more, and Holmes sighed, heavily enough to drag down his proud shoulders.
At his shoulder, I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling.
“I am not,” Holmes said, lifting an eyebrow, and I huffed, withdrawing my hand as an increasingly familiar heat welled in my chest.
“They don’t realize what they’re missing,” I said, and Holmes huffed dismissively, eyes sliding from me in a moment of brief, rare modesty. “I’m sorry I ever doubted you from the first. I feel a fool, having spent years torturing myself for nothing. I know you are no machine, Holmes. You are the best man I know. But mine was an old fear, one that would abide no reason.”
I chuckled. “Perhaps it is for the best,” I said gently. His eyes flickered questioningly to me, and I shook my head. “For tonight, Holmes. We have a case to focus on, and a young boy is depending on us having a clear head for tomorrow. As much as it may pain me—” My voice lifted in amusement as I lay a hand upon his chest. “—this can wait.”
“Very good, Mr. Ables,” Holmes said, with only the slightest discomfort. “Off you go. We have a missing brother to locate.”
“Busy with all those cases, eh? I’ve kept up with your latest
We entered the manor quickly, and its interior proved to be as plain and cheerless as its outside. While there was nary a floorboard unpolished or bannister undusted, the wooden skeleton of the home was dark and uninspired; the home was dreadfully dim. As a doctor, I could not help but disapprove of such darkness in the home of man convalescing. Sunlight was a remarkable restorative, for the mind, body, and heart.
—good gracious! I—of course, please, gentlemen. Join me in my office.” At that he scarpered off to unlock and open the door, beckoning us in. The office was clean and orderly, and up close, I could see that the man was as put together as any fresh uniform I had seen. His dress clothes were spotless and pristine, and I thought he looked barely older than a university lad, let alone senior enough to run an entire train station himself.
” I said, exasperated. Holmes tipped his head at the door, eyes flickering with amusement below the ebony brim of his hat. I realized that the scowl on my face had been transformed into a laughable, offended facsimile. Only Sherlock Holmes could lift weight from my shoulders by insulting me.
from last night. Any information you can give me about misconduct, or those involved, could be highly useful. Can you recall anything more specific about this fortunate group?”
I wanted to demand that he stay. To insist he tell me all that worried him so that I could erase it. But he had already revealed so much of himself in front of me this evening, so much of what he strove daily to repress. How could I give him anything but space? We had been through an ordeal, both of us, and he needed to collect himself. I owed him that, at least, and it was selfish to want more, to hound after his sentiments and attend to his pains when it was clear he could not bear to demonstrate them to me, and could not tolerate their existence within himself.
“Shall we move to the bar, Watson?” Holmes muttered in my ear. “The bartender would be my first choice of witness. Service people see altogether more than most realize.”
"We have just established, my dear fellow, that you can be a fool on occasion," I said gently. Holmes just looked at me, eyes glittering. "I know my own heart. Even before you appeared in my clinic alive and shocked me out of my wits, you owned it."
Hopkins took a moment to sip on his tea, and I watched him with mind whirring, playing the scene he had just described to me in my mind. Stabbed in the neck by a sudden intruder, in the late, stormy hours of the night. A grim fate for anyone, let alone a young man and guest in another’s home.
He left but a corner of crust uneaten under my keen observation, and then we left immediately for the station. The morning walk was brisk, waking me better than a cup of English breakfast had done. Evesham was a small enough burrough that Holmes and I could probably walk its entirety had we the day, and we made it to the quaint railway station in less than ten minutes. When we arrived, the place was empty but for the old station master, Mr. Everett, who looked as if he hadn’t slept a wink all night. We found him standing on the blustery turnstile, gaze cast out onto the tracks almost as if he expected to see the train pull up out of the sunrise.
“Er, yes,” the constable chirped, perhaps with more exuberance than necessary. I could sympathize. (The last vestiges of my own starstruck dithering around Holmes have yet to fade, years into our partnership. I fear they never will, not so long as a heart beats in my chest and Holmes continues to look, act, and see the world as exceptionally he does.)
“I am...unfamiliar with the establishment,” Holmes admitted, looking discomfited by the fact.
At the man’s blank stare, my friend turned expectantly to me. I smiled with good-natured helplessness, and Holmes sighed, though I could see the thrill of the case barred him from any real disappointment at our lack of vision.
And I will die before I let you take me in irons. You will let me walk out of here, or I will die upon this floor by my own hand and will!”
(See the end of the chapter for
,” I said, frayed with misunderstanding. “I don’t—”
fault we came to danger?” Heartache had bled over into outrage, hot and wounded in my chest. My voice rose as I stood to my feet, thunderous. “It is my fault then, that I was taken at gunpoint? Thrown from a carriage?
I thought, with fondness. At this rate, he’d beat me home and I’d be too embarrassed by my own romantic notion to walk him upstairs before hopping a cab.
Shifting my jaw, I made haste, my walking-stick clacking the stones, which was why as I rounded the corner past the Pit Stalls Gallery, I did not immediately catch the harsh, resounding crack of wood against wood. But then sharp echoes bounced off the high brick building, reverberating in my ears. Curious, I drew to a halt at the corner as I looked around for the source of it.
“Sherlock Holmes, sir. And my partner and colleague Dr. Watson.” Holmes stepped forward, tipping his head in greeting.
“Except for myself, of course,” said Holmes, with a mildly bitter smile. I felt myself frown, and thought to ask him later properly what burdened his mind this morning, other than an Etruscan palimpsest. “Well, let us hear about it, Hopkins. What sort of job did you make of it?”
I heard the telltale clicking of a lock and the double-thump of a briefcase’s latches swinging open, and in the corner of my eye saw Holmes’s shadowy figure stooped over an open, metal-plated travel bag. A quick rifling of papers, and I heard a low, devilish chuckle issue from behind me.
"Are you certain we cannot repay you in any way?" Johann asked. "You have given me..." He trailed off, and Peter visibly took his hand and squeezed. "You have given me back my life."
Even knowing better, the concept alarmed me. "Heaven’s sakes, Holmes, you've a black eye and two broken ribs.”
Time has taught me the solace of writing. Before Holmes—before the war even—whenever my heart was plagued with anxieties, I had found comfort in the recording of my thoughts. I seek its balmy reprieve now, in the low-lit silence of my bedroom. Even Holmes, sense and God willing, will not be awake at this hour, and I would not disturb him with my weakness for a decade’s pension.
“If not for me, you wouldn’t be here at all.”
“Tea,” I muttered, in lieu of good morning, and I knew that the mystery of the evening still lingered in its excitement when Holmes chuckled aloud.
“Oh, bless, now there’s a tragedy. But we’ve both been there, haven’t we, John?” Thomas elbowed me and I fought a furious blush as Holmes lifted a slow eyebrow.
“And so he grasped the pince-nez you located, Inspector, and fell from his chair in shock at his wounds, overturning it.” My eyes moved to the scarlet stain on the carpet at our feet, and I felt a pang of pity for the loss of such a young life.
“One moment,” interrupted Holmes. “Where does this path lead to?”
"In fact, sir,” said Holmes. “I believe I have.” His granite gaze caught mine and flickered meaningfully to the floor, and looking upon the carpet, it was only my years of practicing a poker face as a doctor, soldier, and flatmate to the world's only consulting detective that kept my mouth from falling open.
The figure on the stage was dressed in a daring, starlit navy gown, with smooth lines and a silhouette that clung to every curve. Sweeping petal rouge defined delicate, round cheekbones, and their hair hung in smooth, ebony ringlets that shimmered in the low gas light. Their dark eyes were small and thin, accentuated by striking kohl similar to Holmes’s, and their powdered brown skin seemed to glow in the hazy corona of gaslight and tobacco smoke.
"May I take the privilege, Holmes?" I whispered. “And be the first?”
my dear madam, when paired with spice oil and ambergris.” An infernal curl stretched my friend’s mouth, as provocative as it was Mephistophelian. “I don’t suppose you own such a delicate fragrance, my dear woman?”
don’t have to change, and neither do I. Between us already, there is trust. Cohabitation. Shared sentiment and interests. We spend ample time together both on cases and off them. For many people, that forms the lot of what romantic partnership
“Anything
“Then we must go, Watson. Tonight.”
“Let me patch you up, my dear fellow,” Holmes managed, after a moment of time in which I would have been content to live forever. I nodded, sinking back into my chair with a bliss I had never known was possible with a bullet wound, and allowed him to take care of me.
“So?” I said, as soon as my heart stopped thumping.
“Well, there can be no doubt the killer exited through the window,” I said. “The hole is certainly large enough for a woman to climb through.”
“Brilliant,” I said. “And the hidden door?”
“But of course I hung it. It came with an autograph from the French president. I’m certain the walls are as proud of it as I am.” Holmes’s mouth twitched, frown wiped from his visage as intended, and I slid greedy fingers around the heated porcelain of my teacup.
Regardless of my past and self-reckoning, the period of my life before Holmes was markedly unattached, romantically speaking, to any partners I had communed with. That is to say, I have never
“What does it mean, gentlemen, for an intruder to enter through one assured entrance and to forcibly, and quite
“The letters,” Holmes said. Misery seeped into the pale regret on his face. “I knew you dreaded them. I had thought that you…I had come to the poor conclusion you resented the public attention your stories have brought to us. You did not care for any client that came to us that was attracted here through them, and in recent weeks you have…” Holmes trailed off uncertainly, and his ivory cheeks seemed to flush as his gaze dropped to the floor.
“An excellent question, my dear Watson,” he says archly. “I do believe our next client is a smuggler.”
“We weren’t certain ourselves until last night,” I said. “We were asked to investigate by Peter’s younger brother only yesterday.”
Holmes’s eyes returned to mine gleaming, and his answering smile was easily the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. “It would be my privilege.”
“Another
From his pocket, Hopkins drew a small paper packet. He unfolded it and disclosed a golden pince-nez, with two broken ends of black silk cord dangling from the end of it.
I quelled the desire once more to sigh loudly and at length, and resigned to delivering a scowl his direction. “If you detach yourself from me, you will find yourself surrounded by potential suitors faster than a pin dropping.”
“Ah. Yes, Mr. Holmes. I’m at your service.”
“It’s alright, Watson," I said. "I have you. I have you.” I pulled back, and saw that his eyes were heavily unfocused, his eyelids fluttering. “Watson?”
However happy I was he could join me, the sight of him as he first sat down at our table had filled me with no little concern. While Holmes tended towards the ivory side of pale, tonight he looked practically colorless. His energy, usually electric when his brilliant mind was turned onto a problem, was muted and strained; heavy lines had made themselves prominent beneath dark circles that seemed more pronounced than usual.
“Can’t say I recognized them, but they were fine lads. Friendlier than most I come across on the job.” Holmes lifted an eyebrow and I crossed my arms, and to my gratification, the man looked cowed. “They, er, invited me to share in some drink with them—and cor, whatever it was, had a right kick to it.”
I shook my head. “Never mind me, what would you do? If you had found me in such a way, and knew the man responsible?”
“I can make nothing of it.”
“You are a marvel, my beloved.”
“I will send our Irregulars to observe each address tonight. Due to their dispute with the Cutthroats, it is likely these Threadcaps will be on their guard, but I trust in their skill. We cannot allow Peter Ables to come to risk by hoping he is not killed in a Yarder raid, so we must ascertain his location first and extricate him. While they are occupied with your deal and contending with the Yard, I will infiltrate said hiding place, liberate Mr. Ables, and escape before the Yard descends with clubs raised.”
“Trust me, Watson,” Holmes said. “It will hardly be my first time speaking to people of such persuasion with tact, and I do mean excluding you.”
“Watson, are you quite certain you saw the train at Evesham station?”
“Any—any passengers?” the man repeated dumbly.
"All but empty..." I said wonderingly. It couldn't be coincidence.
“Very generous of you, Mr. Mulberry,” I said, quirking an eyebrow at the man’s unsubtle roguishness. He reminded me of more than a few fellows I had known in Afghanistan, upright and direct in both mannerism and intention. “I am not necessarily unopposed to your company, but I must confess that I am not here unaccompanied.”
, the
“Not as dearly as you will,” he replied. His revolver once again trained upon me, but I ignored it, making for the fallen officer. I froze, however, at the hammer of a gun click, the sound of another round entering the chamber. My bound fists clenched in anger.
certainly, on how I should hone my stories more precisely on the cool delivery of facts—the “severe and deliberate” techniques of logical deduction—but I fancy in my heart of hearts that Holmes, though he could care less for the fame of it all, is satisfied with my transcriptions of our work together. Not with their accuracy, as I am no doubt incapable of replicating his observations to the man’s own standards, but rather for how the craft so occupies myself in the days and weeks between cases. I believe that Holmes recognizes the happiness that penning our time together grants in me, even in his lowest fits of melancholy. In the least, he has found amusement in my mutterings and exclamations—even laughter, in my infrequent, brooding struggles to find the proper words to describe him, our cases, and his inimitable derivations. (He does not realize, in the slightest, how often he escapes my abilities of description.)
The boy gave me a watery smile, and I returned to my study at Holmes’s side, who was wearing that quiet, gratified expression he did whenever I complimented him in front of others. After all these years—even from me—he was still as receptive to praise as a schoolgirl. Fortunately for him, his powers never failed to impress, and I remained unchangingly astounded by him every day we shared together.
Holmes only sought isolation when the company of others grated at him, or when he faced a problem that required absolute silence to disseminate. We had no case, so it left only the former. I did my best not to let the fact wound me.
“Gruner will pay for this,” I said, heat crackling like fuel-doused fire in my gut. “I thrashed his men for what they did to you on his orders, and I’ll not stop there.”
“Mr. Robinson, I do believe we’ve located something of yours.”
“Mr. Robinson’s “revolutionary” prototype holds no less than
“Come, Watson,” he said breathlessly. He drew close to me at the top of the stairs, his breath ghosting over my ear and sending goosebumps down my spine. “I must determine something. The cottage may hold the key to this.”
I had not laid eyes upon Holmes in twenty minutes, and it was a length of time that was beginning to seem conspicuous. Idly, I wondered whether it was possible he was plotting escape.
"You entered his employ when he purchased the estate?"
Like most of Holmes’s acute observations, such a point was obvious once underlined. “So a sudden crime, then? Unanticipated?” Hopkins pressed, as we followed Holmes’s long, energetic strides towards the manor some hundred yards ahead. It was an austere thing, old brown stone and somewhat dour architecture on a cleared, slate green plain.
Holmes swallowed again. "At your discretion," he said, with bravado. I grinned, and happily obliged. Sliding my hands back to where they had found a home cradling Holmes's face, I gently tugged him downwards into a kiss. Gradually, heart hammering against my ribs, I deepened it, mouth slotting over a bottom lip and carefully coaxing it with my teeth. I tasted tobacco and brandy, and inhaled the scent of ash and roses. My fingernails carded back through Holmes's hair, and he pulled back an inch to inhale, sharp and shaking in my ears. Another article of evidence to store for later reference.
“No time, my dear fellow, we must move while any evidence is fresh. I regret that we even had to wait until morning to investigate.”
“But then what...”
“Now I’m afraid I
“No time to waste,” Coram said, voice dripping with disdain for the man bleeding at our feet. “Get in the carriage, Doctor.”
In the floor of the bureau, soaked in totality and dripping a modest puddle out of the door and onto the dirty floor, was a sodden violet dress—finer than anything else in the closet—and at its soggy hem was mud, deep brown and flecked with the tiny white petals of baby’s breath.
I frowned through my headache, squinting in memory. Heaven knew where my notebook disappeared to; it was probably ruined at the bottom of some damnable creek in Chatham. “Two wings. The ground floor...the kitchen was along the back. The Professor’s study, Smith’s guest room, and the sitting room were on the east side, and the west side was being renovated. The upper floor...the west wing was all guest rooms, and the east...Ms. Tarlton’s room, and the Professor’s. Holmes, I remember you examining the upper floor but I don’t—”
"Which should be soon," I surmised, and with a heavy, half-hearted sigh, I reluctantly set down my tea and stood to get dressed. I should have anticipated, with the morning's explosion, that a quiet afternoon in would be out of the question. Perhaps, despite the hour, I could convince kindhearted Mrs. Hudson that some scones were in order in expectation of young guests.
“Where he is not?”
Taking pity on the poor little chap, I smiled. “A pleasure to meet you, Fred,” I said kindly. Wide brown eyes swiveled unblinkingly to mine. “I’m Doctor Watson.” I gestured to Holmes’s expectant form beside me. “And this is Mr. Sherlock Holmes. We received your message earlier this morning. Why don’t you sit and tell us what it is you need our help with?”
“I need a more detailed map of this part of the countryside—preferably, the topography surrounding it. Luckily, I had the foresight to pick up a map of the line, and to pack several documents concerning this particular part of England for our holiday. Would you believe, Watson, that I have an increasing concern that I will be one day become completely lost in the middle of farm country?”
“Do you refer to the several men who have been tracking our movements since we first entered?” Holmes turned to me with a wry smile. “My dear fellow, I may be new to it, but I have not forgotten the manner of bar we have found ourselves in.”
“You must be honest with me, if we are to do this,” I said, holding his gaze to impress my seriousness.
“Your...friend, young Farrow. He said it had been months.” Holmes inclined his head, voice sleek and curious. “Why did you stop? Certainly not for lack of friends... atmosphere...” His mouth twitched. “Or pursuit.”
Watson's eyes were closed.
Holmes smiled coolly. “I am a connoisseur,” said he, taking yet another cigarette from the man’s proffered case. “I will not trouble you with any lengthy cross-examination, Professor Coram, since I gather that you were in bed at the time of the crime and could know nothing about it, correct?”
"I never want to go into battle without you again. It was intolerable." Holmes swallowed hard. "My focus has never been so compromised." Echoing his movement from last night, I took the hand pressed to my chest and threaded my fingers with his, squeezing in reassurance.  "Please...sit down, Watson. I will fetch your medical bag.”
I blinked. “…I’m at your service, Holmes,” I said, becoming suddenly aware of how surreal a conversation we were headed towards. “I will answer anything within my knowledge.”
His body beneath mine seemed to fill me, solder every crack that had splintered in my mind. He was all but ice, yet through the contact of skin I could feel his pulse, frenetic but true, and I grounded myself in his living, gusting breaths against my face. His bound hands fisted in my collar, clutching me like a lifeline as he drew in needy gasps, and I closed my eyes, grateful tears pooling at the bottom of my eyelids.
, that’s it. This bottle, my dear Watson, is an 1873 French import that our station master could not purchase with a month’s wages. And yet, his office reeks with the smell of it.” He looked downwards to the other bottles which lay empty at our feet. “Either he has been stealing wine from the luggage of travelers undetected for weeks, or the station master has made a friend willing and able to sustain his aristocratic tastes.”
“We know nothing of the sort,” Holmes said, lifting an eyebrow. “But do not despair, good inspector. We have made some progress.” With his typical demonstrative air, he gestured to the bureau, and pulled open its main drawer. Inside, the drawer was empty. “See its hinges, the stripping here.” He pointed to the edges of the drawer, strips of cherry wood chipped away. “Notice it was not locked, but that recently it has been opened so forcibly that the varnish has been chipped away. Such marks aren’t evidence of heavy use, but rather a quick and sudden draw at a poor angle.” Holmes mimed ripping the drawer from its inner shelf.
“We’ll be off then, gov,” he said, winking. “Be back with those letters right away.”
The policeman said, gawking below his helmet. The two medical men also stopped to stare, first at Holmes and then at me, but soon professionalism outweighed their awe as they assembled a cotton stretcher beside Holmes. With painful care, I assisted them as they coaxed Holmes onto it, who stirred with a quiet moan but did not wake.
Holmes sighed heavily, settling back in his chair with the satisfied relaxation of an interesting case solved and explained to completion. I bit the inside of my cheek, hesitant to disturb the repose that had finally embraced my tired friend. But I had to know the full truth.
Johann visibly boiled with rage, but after a moment, the red left his face, and his proud shoulders slumped in defeat. "Fine," he said, voice dead. "Whatever I must do. Just...please. Do not hurt him."
I shook my head. “Just some hidden wine bottles hidden away. Bone dry. The stash of a practicing alcoholic.”
“Oh! No problem, Mr. ‘Olmes!” Fred exclaimed.
“Which means, I suppose, that you are not quite clear about your case.” Holmes lit his pipe, sucked, and gave it an exploratory puff. “Go on.”
“It’s—it’s my brother, sir,” Fred said. “He’s in trouble. I ain’t seen him in two days, sir, and he’d never not come ‘ome without tellin’ me where he went off to.”
Brow wrinkling, I opened my mouth to pursue that line of inquiry, but Holmes stood rapidly. “Now, I must prepare. Finish your meal, Watson. I’ve eaten all I could.” I frowned at the nibbled lunch upon his plate, but before I could protest he had disappeared into his bedroom with the packages he had bought earlier, and I was left to sit and marinate in my increasing anxiety.
“Only of you, my good sir,” Holmes hedged. “We are with the police. I am leading the investigation of the disappearing train. It would help if you could answer my questions.”
of the house, Holmes?”
I failed this time to bury a smile, but ignored his comment in favor of reading the note’s squiggling scrawl aloud. “Dear Mr. Holmes.” My mouth twitched at the spelling of "Mistah" and "Homes". "I am writing because I need your help. Wiggy has told me you are a very smart gov and that you help...erhm, ‘youngins’ even when they've naught pence. Please can I meet with you and the doc at your...bless me, I do believe that word is intended to be ‘
He knocked lightly on the doorframe before slowly and smoothly turning the knob, cracking the door open a couple inches.
Now they were getting somewhere.
“Seeing as I would be required to reciprocate based on all your efforts over the years, particularly these last several months following his return and the beginning of your…” Here Mycroft paused for a moment, before continuing with a sniff, “romantic entanglements, I’d much prefer that you didn’t.”
His steps became light and virtually soundless as he assessed the immediate situation, his head on a swivel and his ears pricked. He wordlessly disconnected the phone call and turned the ringer on his phone off entirely, knowing that any sudden noise could easily spook the two of them.
"Yes." John answered in Pashto.
From there they slowly stepped into their bedroom, which was entirely dark apart from the hallway light shining through the now open doorway. The room was mainly composed of their king-sized bed and oversized wardrobes; they were always fighting for space, both for their clothes in the closet and their bodies beneath the blankets. They each acted put out and perturbed by the issue, but they all knew that they’d rather suffer from slightly overcrowding than for the three of them to be split up in any way.
“No, no,” John immediately insisted, raising his head again and straightening his spine, pushing his shoulders back and lifting his chin with a proud sniff. “I can’t leave him while he’s like this. I won’t.”
“Sounds Slavic, like Russian or something.” John whispered. Greg nodded in thanks and relayed the additional explanation.
He felt his coat pocket suddenly begin to vibrate and his heart jumped, hope filling him at the idea that Sherlock could be calling him for help. He quickly pulled his phone out of his pocket, only to frown down at the number being displayed. He’d pointedly never saved it in his contacts out of principle, but he’d been called from that number enough times in the past that he’d still inadvertently memorized it by heart.
“Good evening to you as well, Detective Inspector.” The man answered in an overly cool tone. “I do hope the urgent task you’re referring to is either you or Dr. Watson explaining to me exactly why my younger brother is currently camped out in 221C with two pistols and a giant duvet.” He somehow still managed to sound accusatory and omnipresent, even while admitting to not being the all-knowing mighty god he liked to pretend to be.
He didn’t bother changing out of the simple linen shirt and black trousers he was wearing, slightly rumpled from lounging around the flat all day. Instead, he just threw on a suit jacket and his worn wool coat over top. Sliding on his loafers, he patted his pockets to make sure he had everything before heading out.
Greg had been worried about getting past the locked door, but found that it was slightly ajar. They both shared a look, wordlessly communicating their plan for entry, then acted.
If one or both of them woke in the middle of the night, afraid and haunted by the past, he’d soothe them back to sleep with gentle hands and comforting whispers, reminding them that they were safe at home and so very loved.
“You’re lovers, are you not? Are you telling me that you haven’t seen the scars across his back? Or are you both really that blind?” The edge that Mycroft’s voice had taken on raised both their hackles, bristling at the implication of his words.
With that he left without another word, the three of them expressing everything they could possibly want to say through their actions, rendering those three little words unnecessary except for the rarest of circumstances. It made them more powerful that way.
They couldn’t decide if they were thankful for that or not.
Both men held their breath, slightly anxious to see how the man would react to being discovered while stuck in place beneath a massive piece of furniture, but they found the space devoid of anything but dust balls.
Instead, he took a large breath and squeezed both of Greg’s hands with his own, giving the older man a nod when he gave John an inquisitive look, silently asking him if he was okay. Greg nodded back at him again and drew John close, keeping a firm hold of his hand as they both regarded the flat thoughtfully.
“No!” Both men automatically shouted, their hands moving to hold each other close in desperation and fear. It was only their grip on each other that kept them both from staggering forward in a blind attempt to protect Sherlock from himself.
After taking a deep steadying breath, he pushed the door all the way open and stepped into the flat. He had his arms raised halfway into the air, showing that his hands were empty, his posture non-threatening and unassuming while still tensed and ready for whatever may come.
They saw him at the exact same moment that he saw them.
He’d learned from his first marriage with his wife and their distinct lack of children just what the price of prioritizing work over the rest of his life truly was, and it would cost him everything if he let it. Tonight was the just stark reminder he’d needed to remember that lesson.
All went according to plan during the day. Sherlock was entirely preoccupied with some experiment involving earthworms and their digestion of decomposing tissue, John puttered around the flat making tea and writing up their latest case for his blog, and Greg caught up on the paperwork he’d been forced to bring home with him in order to beg the day off.
Greg stood in place, barely five steps into the room as he swept it with his gaze, examining each of the shadows for any sign of the two men. The small part of him that was afraid that they’d become distraught enough to take off blindly into the night was quickly growing, and he briefly began to consider placing a call and requesting that his fellow officers be on the lookout for them.
“Holmes…” I said doubtfully, and he turned to me with a gleam in his eye.
“You don’t need me to be a good man. You were before we met.”
“Note the angle of the markings on the chair. They’re high on the feet, almost near the seat. They came not from breaking the window, but from falling to the side in the struggle and striking the leg of the desk, here.” Holmes pointed into the hollow at the bureau where the feet and chair tuck in, and I saw some scratches in the wood siding. His finger moved then upwards, to the desk itself, where a fat candle spent near to the quick sat next to scattered papers and an open book. “Mr. Smith had been working late when the intruder entered his room. Observe, his bed was not slept in. Now, it’s quite possible he did not hear her enter on the carpet as a result of the storm brewing that night. He had been sitting—”
“Watson.”
“That is within your rights,” said Holmes magnanimously. “Thank you for your cooperation, sir. My colleague and I must continue our investigation.”
“Describe these men,” Holmes ordered.
Please let me know your thoughts if you liked the story, or hit me up @apprenticeofdoyle on tumblr, i'd love to hear from you. happy holmestice month, and be safe and well.
On the other side of the door, Holmes sounds oddly tentative. It is a strange thing, for him to seek me in my rooms so early in the morning without a case to encourage him. Within my ribcage, the flutter that had kicked up in my chest at my reminiscing picks up like a hummingbird.
“William, this is my friend Thomas Farrow. We met some years ago on New Year’s and we’ve been acquainted ever since.” That night had been a particularly memorable one and had left the both of us—in total innocence—without a pair of trousers between us, and we had been fast friends from then on. The man was unapologetically chipper, bright, and colorful; his friendship and disposition had been the perfect counterpart to my more reserved and spectulatory demeanor, and he had proven to be a most excellent wingman several times over. I had missed him, I realized, but I knew better than anyone why I had not decided to return to the Circle in recent months: the reason stood beside me, hand outstretched to Thomas with an evaluating look on his face.
I held my tongue.
“I took advantage of the jostling on the bridge to knock Mrs. Coram’s aim aside," I explained. "The gun went off, and when the horse fell, we overturned.”
I dropped my stick, and threw myself at his waist in a rugby tackle.
“G’day,” the man said. He did not look up at Holmes’s greeting, his disinterested gaze fixed disapprovingly behind us in the direction of the ticket office. “...To whom am I speaking?"
He gasped for oxygen against the biological imperative to rid himself of the liquid in his body, and his bloodless lips frightened me. I struck him hard once, twice on the back, and he sputtered the last of it out. Then, as he sucked in great lungfuls of air, I took his precious face in my hands.
Holmes, what—”
“Is it theatre, if it’s the truth?” Briefly looking up to ensure the room was clear, I leaned forward, and press a swift, tender kiss to his brow.
“Regardless,” he said quietly, almost too quiet to hear. “I cannot say with certainty that I will be after you’ve gone. But that is my burden to bear.”
willing to tend to your health.” Like a heavy sail in wind, he leaned back on his heels, grip twisting on his walking stick. “I concede to your duty of care, Doctor. The investigation can indeed proceed without my brother.” His flinty eyes narrowed. “For a few weeks, at least.”
“I would introduce myself, sir, but it appears you already know my name.”
With a reluctance that bled from their very limbs, both Holmes and Hopkins backed into the bookshelf doorway.
” said he, and I winced. “But I have indeed failed egregiously, Watson, if you consider me so low as to dismiss years of our friendship for something so
“So we were not deterred from our holiday, no doubt,” Holmes said, eyebrow raised.  He inclined a head to the mantle, where his letter opener lay bereft of any speared post. “You have recruited our landlady into your scheming. How underhanded, doctor.”
“Who—”
A suspected murder, then. Holmes puffed some more, a canny, familiar light sparking in his eyes. “Let us hear about it.”
The answer did not resolve the real question that still gnawed at me: explanation for how the intruder could have ascertained where Smith was sleeping. Could she have spied him through the window? Holmes had noted the spent candle, could it have been bright enough to light the man's visage through the night rain? Or had the killer stalked his habits on the grounds beforehand at an earlier date, a premeditated habit? If that was so, why not bring a murder weapon? Why rely on finding such a knife in the residence, if murder was on the mind?
The man hesitated, his bleary gaze wandering away from Holmes towards the floor. “Oh, y'know, just a spot of upkeep. Some workers came here earlier and borrowed ‘em from the shed.”
“Apologize once more to me, Watson, and I will have no choice but to leave this room immediately and find someone more deserving to release my anger upon."
“Perhaps not,” he said. “But that may not always be true.”
"How does this feel?"
"Thomas—" I croaked.
My heart hammered in my chest like a war drum. We both knew what was coming. The three of us were hostages, now, and while one was practically blind without her glasses, both of our captors were armed. More pressingly, they wanted to escape without capture or threat of it, and so it was a matter of who, not 'if' one of us would be taken as collateral.
Sherlock’s heart spikes up in one final peak that causes the monitor to give the highest screech yet.
John has no breath to reply with, but it doesn’t matter, because Sherlock continues as soon as he’s got his own breath back.
John takes a deep breath. It almost sounds like a sigh.
As he hears her footsteps on the stairs, John is struck by the internal contradiction of feeling as though half of his heart has been ripped out of his chest and the other half is soaring to the heavens, relieved of a heavy stone he hadn’t known he’d been carrying.
Something warm and pleasant spreads through John’s stomach at the thought.
How many times haven’t they danced around this? How many times have they traversed that line between innocent joking and undiluted desire, moved from one to the other and back, but never taken it further?
Jim leans closer. He’s all support and understanding now, not a hint left of the malicious contempt from a moment before. His warm breath ghosts across Sherlock’s ear.
Nowadays, as always, they seem to maintain a slightly uncomfortable truce between them based on common interests where Sherlock is concerned and a begrudging acknowledgement on both sides that they are indeed both genuine in their care for him. A deeper friendship it is not.
When push comes to shove, he was just on the stairs.
Additionally, I hope you enjoy this chapter of Icebergs as this fanfiction moves into its final stage. Thank you so much for reading!
“It was the truth.”
When John finally returns with the shopping, Sherlock is far enough out to have started biting his own knuckles. It’s a peculiar habit he’s in the process of developing, one of several. They all have to do with his hands. Somehow, the tactile stimulation helps to soothe his nerves. Sometimes he bites his knuckles. Sometimes it’s enough to tighten the muscles in his hands and fingers, press them against one another, wrap his fingers around each other and pull in opposite directions, make his joints stretch and snap. Sometimes he needs stronger stimulation. He experiments with different sensations. Running his fingers over a cheese grater. Letting the very tips of his fingers sink into freshly brewed tea, the water temperature still past 90 degrees Celsius. They have a little cactus, struggling for space on the windowsill among empty takeout boxes and chemistry books, barely clinging on to life at approximately two waterings a year. A cactus is the only type of plant who could survive such treatment, if barely. But it’s useful for other things too. Sherlock enjoys pressing the entire palm of his hand down over that cactus. He enjoys giving it a squeeze, feeling the spikes dig into his skin like so many little needles. He doesn’t press hard enough for the spikes to breach the skin. Just enough to feel it, just enough for every spike to leave a little indentation for a few minutes.
John chuckles again. “Oh, I may be a doctor, but I think you know a whole lot more about
And the saddest part is that it feels as though he’s been getting it wrong so far.
And the memory of sitting in that window haunts him. When John is out. When Mrs. Hudson isn’t hoovering. When it’s quiet in the flat and the only noises are coming from outside. In those moments, he can’t seem to shake off the fear that he’s back. That the door is locked and John isn’t coming back. It’s irrational, it’s illogical, but he can’t calm down, can’t think of anything but the crushing uncertainty. Has to go and open the door several times, often two or three times every ten minutes, just to make sure it can still be done. Paces the flat from one end to the other, glances out of the window, curls up on the couch, round and round he goes until he hears the front door and John coming up the stairs. Only then is he able to relax and breathe properly again. It’s driving him mad. He can’t stand it anymore, can’t stand the shame and the anxiety and the weakness. If there’s even the smallest chance that telling John how he feels might make it all just a little bit more tolerable, he’ll happily struggle through.
They settle back on the couch with two bowls of risotto and John turns on the telly even though neither of them seem to watch it. It’s a terrible habit, really, to turn the telly on just because you’re sitting in front of it even if there’s nothing you really wish to see – John’s doctor side should be far more appalled than it is – but there’s always comfort in familiarity. Even Sherlock seems to find it cosy, despite his general aversion to crap telly and the distinct lack of quality on the BBC on a boring Wednesday evening. Sherlock finishes his bowl much to John’s secret delight (secret because Sherlock would refuse to have another bite should John be fool enough to voice his opinion) and gradually slides down the couch. Eventually, his head comes to rest against John’s shoulder and he pulls his legs up under himself, effectively snuggling up to John’s side. And John puts an arm around him, because
He’s exhausted.
He’s never acknowledged it because, well, he’s not like that. He’s never seen himself as someone who swings both ways. It's not that he’s ever had a problem with that sort of thing… in other people. But he’s not like that. There have been instances before, particularly during his army days, but it’s never been… it’s never been something he did. It’s never meant anything. Everybody have minor crushes on everybody in the army. The general agreement is that it’s a poor and temporary substitute for female company. It’s been just the same for him. He honestly barely remembers who he fantasised about in Afghanistan because, really, it didn’t matter.
There’s a cup of tea on the table next to the music sheet, untouched since the early morning and long since gone cold. Tea stains on the inside of the cup. John’s old cup. Why he didn’t see fit to bring it with him when he moved out is a mystery to Sherlock. It’s an army mug, awarded to John when he left the military. He seemed quite fond of it. Why Mrs. Hudson chose to use that mug when she made tea for Sherlock earlier is another mystery. Quite possibly, the other mugs are dirty. Sherlock hasn’t done the dishes in a while and it’s all piling up next to his microscope. Juggling for room amid take-away trays and soil samples from Brixton that he collected more than a month ago and hasn’t got around to cataloguing yet.
Mary has been typing away for the past couple of minutes, but she gets up now, announcing apropos of nothing and to no one in particular that there’s no more tea in the pot. She passes John en route for the kitchen. He can hear her moving about behind his back, putting the kettle on and saying, again apropos of nothing and to no one in particular, that Sherlock’s experiments pose a health hazard and that he needs to move them further away from the food. John doesn’t know why it annoys him. He does agree, after all, and has told Sherlock the exact same thing on multiple occasions. Sherlock seems to neither mind nor care. He simply makes a sound that could be interpreted as either an affirmation or an indifferent huff and continues scrolling through a wine list from what looks to be a place that John and Mary can’t afford to purchase wine from, the results of Sherlock's investigation be damned.
“Look, I haven’t really… planned this out or anything. I didn’t know I was going to do this until this afternoon. It’s all quite spur of the moment. So I’m just going to… well, I’m just going to wing it, I suppose…”
Sherlock is not used to kissing, that much is obvious from the slightly hesitant, fumbling ineptitude with which he’s responding. But even though John has always been put off by it with other people, somehow it feels just right now. It’s a reminder that Sherlock is married to his work, that Sherlock
He lasts about twelve minutes in silence before he feels compelled to break it.
John is speaking out loud now. Who the hell cares?
It works sometimes. But feigning indifference isn’t always the smartest coping mechanism. Now Mycroft is sure to dig deeper, expose that raw nerve just a bit further. Why does he never learn?
“And leave you here completely unsupervised? To continue your mission of self-destruction, I take it?”
“I don’t want it to be like old times,” John says. “I want it to be different this time.”
What Sherlock sacrificed everything to achieve, he did not end up achieving. He lost everything he had and everything he wanted.
John would like to imagine that it feels transcendent, but he knows that Sherlock would immediately berate him for romanticising it if he knew. It doesn’t feel transcendent. It feels as though he’s finally getting to put his prick where he’s wanted that prick to go for three long years, and that’s not a very transcendent feeling, but he’ll be damned if it doesn’t feel pretty fucking amazing all the same. And straight or non-straight (which anyway seems to be a pretty moot point now), it feels a lot better than even John’s most forbidden fantasies had been suggesting.
He looks beautiful. Dangerously beautiful.
… “it was something I have been thinking about for a while.” He hesitates. “For quite a long while, actually.”
, John likes things to be traditional. He likes to do things the
John finds him in the living room of 221B, standing quietly in the middle of the room with his gaze fixed on a spot on the floor directly between their two chairs.
Sherlock lets his hands move from John’s shoulders to his face, guiding and tilting John’s head just so to deepen their kiss. His fingers rest behind John’s ears, the short hairs around John’s temples ghosting over the sensitive tips. John growls softly, lips growing ever bolder, ever more demanding. His hands move further down Sherlock’s back, coming to rest just above the hips, then on the hips, then…
yet another day.
John is so enraged that he’s momentarily speechless. And perhaps that’s a good thing. Because it gives him a moment to rethink the past five minutes before he says something he’ll later come to regret.
. If only the clock would go faster. Sherlock feels himself unravelling at the seams before the party has even made the move from church to reception venue. This is a bit not good and it’s getting worse. He still has to greet every last guest, still has to sit through the feast, still has to make his speech, still has to play the waltz. He really does need a hit if people, by which he means John, expect him to keep on functioning, even just marginally.
only as in why I didn’t tell you.” Sherlock scoffs again, an unamused chuckle. “I should feel insulted. The one question you wanted to ask, the one thing you deemed important enough to hear me out on, and then you chose to ask the question with the simplest, most straightforward answer that anyone with even a smidge of intelligence should be able to answer for themselves. Having successfully faked my own death after being pursued by the police wanting to arrest me and no less than four professional assassins trying to simultaneously keep me safe and extort information from me, the last thing I needed was for the whole fucking world to know that I wasn’t actually dead!”
Moriarty, the
Christ, he needs to get a hold of himself. He does have a big speech to make, as Mycroft so helpfully pointed out. It’s John’s big day. No matter what Sherlock might try to tell himself about his relationship with John to make this whole ordeal seem less unbearable, letting John down is out of the question. Yet here he is, mentally exhausted and emotionally drained less than halfway through. A bit of moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes because of nothing more than a stupid phone call. Arguing with himself. He can’t be hearing voices while making his speech, that much is for sure. Even if the voices are just his own.
John needs someone to blame other than himself. Sherlock’s doctors are far too easy targets.
“It was the day before I left England. I don’t know why I did it, it was stupid and meaningless, but I just…” He shrugs. “It was the lesser of two evils. I could leave without having seen you, in which case I wouldn’t have subjected myself to the ordeal of standing there from a distance and watch you and turn away and get on a plane not knowing when I’d come home.” A pause. “Not knowing
A shudder runs down John’s back at the thought of just what Sherlock could screw up if he wanted to. What he could say. What he could do.
“Mycroft!”
Suddenly he can’t wait anymore. Reaching up, he practically rips John’s shirt open, pushing at it petulantly as if to magically make it go away. John obliges, quickly pulling it off entirely and throwing it away. It lands somewhere around the coffee table and neither of them care to check where.
It takes John a while to find his voice again.
“Are you?”
And John isn’t one bit better.  All these things,
The kiss they share just outside the clinic before heading off in different directions isn’t exactly one of passion, but perhaps the setting isn’t really right either. Mary once again reminds him to go find Sherlock a case and John once again reassures her that he’ll do his best and that he’ll let her know if it’s going to be late.
“Let’s be honest, I probably should. But that’s what I did last time. I lost you, so I tried to move on. But I tried too hard too quickly and that’s how we got in this mess to begin with. And honestly… I would have taken my chance on you before now if you’d only told me then what you’ve just told me now.” John momentarily looks a little bitter. “Just one sentence. To let me know you even cared. I swear, if you’d just said one sentence to me back then, before the Fall…”
There’s a pregnant pause before she speaks.
This time though, it somehow doesn't feel quite as bad. Discussing his failure with the person responsible rather than an ignorant fool who knows nothing of the matter – whether that ignorant fool is the ignorant fool who watched it all through several security cameras, the ignorant fool who watched it all from the ground in front of Bart’s or just any ignorant fool who only watched it all on the telly – is somehow deeply cathartic. There is no reason to lie, no pressure to appear
They melt together in a kiss.
John looks up at her again and she nods encouragingly. He can’t for the life of him figure out if he’s merely seeing things in her eyes that aren’t really there. Everything else on her looks absolutely right.
The sheer relief of hearing something so purely
His voice falters. He can’t bring himself to say it. Sherlock can understand. Moriarty had strapped a bomb to John’s chest. He had ordered a sniper to aim at him. He had been the direct cause of Sherlock’s two-year exile. Sherlock had not only forgiven it. He had fallen for it. Succumbed to it and to him, even if he had been nothing more than a figment of Sherlock’s imagination.
So the days pass, in comfortable silence for the most part, though it’s occasionally punctuated by brief, non-essential conversations about this and that, mostly what happens to be on the telly, John’s cooking in comparison to Mrs. Hudson’s and the food at the hospital, what Mary said last time she called and so on. They’re not talking about anything that matters, a fact that manages to simultaneously relieve and frustrate John to no end. Which only frustrates him further.
. She hasn’t deserved this and she certainly hasn’t deserved to be kept in the dark about it either. So whether John himself is ready or not, the right thing to do would be to invite Mary over.
It doesn’t matter. He comes prepared as he promised himself that he would. During his mental preparations for this visit, which took longer than he wants to admit, he promised himself that if he stood here like he does now, with Mary at his side and Sherlock three feet beneath him, and felt as strong a pull (a stronger pull even?) towards Sherlock beneath and behind him than towards Mary beside and in front of him, he would at least do his best and give Mary as much of him as he possibly could. Maybe then, in time, Mary can do for him what Sherlock did. Take away that pain that’s only in his head, yet feels so real that there are days where he could swear that he’s suffering from some as yet unknown disease, the symptoms of which include crippling bouts of depression and nightmares in all-too vivid colour, leaving him heaving and drenched in sweat. Humiliated and far too vulnerable.
“I wrote my own version of the nativity when I was a child.” Jim is sitting on the dining table that mostly serves as an unofficial desk, looking out of the window down on the street below. From his tone, Sherlock easily infers that whatever he’s looking at isn’t able to keep him entertained. Recognizable. Jim can see. Jim isn’t included in Sherlock’s
Sherlock hesitates at that, confusion and desire for information battling against pride for a moment. He’s exhibiting enough uncertainty as it is, lying here on the sofa in his dressing gown, dumb and scared and unable even to decide if he believes his own eyes. Letting Moriarty direct his gaze this way and that, foolishly tagging along three steps behind. Moriarty must be able to see that. Vulnerability upon vulnerability, one on top of another in an ever-increasing pile of insecurities and failures. That Moriarty of all people is the one witnessing him like this is an unbearable thought. Yet, in a sense, there’s something bizarrely fitting about it as well. Hasn’t it always been like this, Sherlock doing his utmost to stay remote and closed and Moriarty reading him like an open book nevertheless, seeing everything page for page?
Sherlock is lying on the couch. His hands are steepled in front of him. His face is perfectly impassive, every muscle relaxed. His eyes are closed.
“Mrs. Hudson!”
John repeats the doctor's words back to her with no small amount of incredulity. He knows it's unfair, really, he does. But he’s overtired, emotionally wrecked and
exhausting. But now I’ve spent so long thinking about what people think, what people want
A slight huff of air directly above him, an almost soundless chuckle.
Sherlock sees John’s jaw twitch and it’s frighteningly clear that he’s close to tears. He forces them back through sheer willpower.
John is gone.
What exactly he is ready for is a bit more difficult to determine, but Sherlock can make an educated guess. Something he said or did with Mycroft must have shown Jim that he’s on the right path. And so now they are on their way. No matter what Mycroft may say, no matter what he may imply, no matter what he may
that Lestrade brought the other day. Although I really didn’t need to know any of it.”
John swallows. They can’t go back. Three years can’t be undone, can’t be taken back. He’s married now and Sherlock… who knows what he has seen, what he has experienced and done? Who knows how far that has removed him from the person he was back in that restaurant? Does Sherlock even know it himself?
John reads the length in both centimetres and inches at Sherlock’s request. He claims that he’s missing out on information if both are listed, but John only reads one of them out loud.
anything. Tonight had meant something. Only that something is an undefined something, a something that Sherlock’s over-worked brain has difficulty analysing in an objective fashion right now.
John gave Sherlock his chance. Hell, he gave him many chances. Placed him front and centre for months. No matter how many times Sherlock'd disappointed him, no matter how many times he’d given John pause with his actions, forced John to reconsider who he was, he'd still been front and centre. John had forgiven him each and every time. In his naivety, he’d thought that nothing could tear them apart. And it should have been true. If Sherlock had just stayed, he’d be front and centre even now and all of this… all of this would still be their life. John had promised as much. That last night in the flat when they’d waited for the police, John had told him that he believed in him. Then and always. And at that time, it had been the truth. But Sherlock had made his own choices and that final choice had been one too many for John to forgive. Sherlock has used up every chance John gave him. He’s burned every bridge John constructed for him.
Ordinarily, Greg never had any particular issues with holidays as a whole. If anything, he enjoyed the excuse to kick his feet up and have a pint or two. In his opinion, there was way too much dark shit out there in the world and people should embrace every possible opportunity they’re given to enjoy life, Bonfire Night being no exception.
John set about fussing over Sherlock, placing the duvet back around his shoulders despite the man’s protestations that he didn’t know why it was even there in the first place. John bit his lip and didn’t bother remarking on the slight tremors he could see coursing through Sherlock’s body, as he knew that they were mentally induced and not because the consulting detective was physically cold.
Together, always.
John reached out, pulling Greg beneath the table with him before practically collapsing into the policeman’s arms. Greg held him as close as humanly possible, tucking the blond head beneath his chin as the smaller man trembled against his chest. He rubbed his back as he slowly rocked them from side to side, the feeling reminiscent of a parent soothing a child after they woke from a nightmare.
“You know I hate to disturb you boss, but we need you down at Battersea Park. It looks like a massacre happened here, it’s a bloody mess.” Donovan apologized again before continuing, rattling off more details as Greg locked eyes with John.
When Mycroft relayed the message in Serbian, Sherlock automatically scoffed and snarled a response.
“I got called in. Someone apparently murdered a whole slew of homeless men and dressed them up like Guy Fawkes, propped them on top of the pyres for tonight in Battersea. Sounds like a fucking mess.” Greg said.
“So how do we convince him that we’re real, and not just figments of his imagination running around in that great big mind palace of his?” Greg wondered.
Be it an anchor or a life raft or a lighthouse, he’d be whatever they needed to weather the storm. And when the rain finally stopped and the sun broke through the clouds, bringing new light and the promise of a better day to come, he’d be by their sides to help greet the dawn.
“During the last few months of Sherlock’s time away, he was unfortunately discovered while infiltrating a Serbian military base and was held for interrogation. Their methods for extracting information are primitive, but generally effective.”
“He says that of course his mind would have you say that.”
“...John?” He asked hesitantly, blinking hard and gazing up at them in bafflement. “Greg?”
“I know, love.” He said, stroking his cheek soothingly with his thumb. “I’ve got you though. You’re safe with me.”
He didn’t realize that he had spoken out loud, rather than just thinking it in his head, until Greg finally said, “I’m calling the bastard back.”
Where would Sherlock be hiding?
When he was only three streets away and the shouting started to suddenly taper off, he couldn't tell if he was glad for it or more afraid for the two men than ever.
“Fuck,” Greg cursed, rubbing at his eyes with his free hand. “I knew I shouldn’t have cheaped out and got the biometric lock instead.”
“You got it.” She confirmed before ending the call.
When he crouched down, his heart gave a wrench upon finding John hiding beneath it.
“Sounds boring.” He rumbled in that dulcet baritone of his, sprawling gracefully onto his leather chair with a disdainful wave of his hand. “Sooner you leave, the sooner you’ll be back to us.”
“221C then.” He said, looking down into the shorter man’s tawny face, which was cast half in shadow by the hall light.
He moved the speaker away from his mouth, covering the bottom half of the phone with his hand as he leaned in to tell Donovan, “I’m sorry but I have to go. Emergency at home. I’ll call you as soon as I can, okay?”
“He thinks we’re just in his mind?” Greg asked, slightly confused.
“Cheers.” Greg muttered before ending the call, tapping his thumb against the phone’s touchscreen with much more pressure than it required. He fully intended not to tell the elder Holmes a damn thing.
Greg would hold John close, curling the smaller man against his chest and softly stroking his back until he finally fell asleep. Sherlock would be tucked off to the side next to them, the consulting detective wrapped around them like a warm octopus, all bony limbs and a mass of dark curls that would always somehow end up finding a way inside their mouths or tickling their noses.
The whole time he kept his phone pinched between the side of his head and his shoulder, determinedly ignoring the cramp forming in his neck. The call was still active, the noises coming from the other end of the line registering in an absent-minded way as he focused on the road.
These days, it served as a storage space for them more than anything. The closet and dresser currently contained their summer clothes, and several boxes of mementos that neither John nor Greg could bring themselves to part with were stacked in the corner of the room.
“Sherlock…” John started before trailing off, seeming uncertain of what he could even say to begin trying to comfort the younger man. “If only Mycroft had told us something that would help.”
“I don’t know.” Greg answered honestly, though he immediately regretted it when panic flashed across John’s face and he hurried to explain. “I think the fireworks triggered him as well. I haven’t had the chance to find him yet.”
“Well if I don’t get to blame myself, then neither do you.” He answered decisively.
What they had managed to find out hadn’t exactly sounded like an extended vacation, one spent going insane under Mycroft’s thumb while being babysat in his safehouses like they might have suspected. Sleeping rough on the streets of Shanghai, being stabbed in Rio, catching rotavirus in New Delhi, getting thrown off a third story balcony in Barcelona… None of it had sounded particularly pleasant.
But that was a problem for tomorrow.
John let out a sob, his tear-filled murmuring drowned out by the sound of a man’s deep voice yelling in the background, also in a foreign language but one that wasn’t Pashto. It sounded Russian almost, all harsh consonants and guttural tones.
John’s response was a stream of words that Greg couldn’t understand, but recognized from the previous anxiety attacks and flashbacks he’d helped him through in the past. John sometimes reverted into speaking Pashto, only when he had just woken up from a nightmare or was feeling particularly unsafe, and he was speaking it now.
Instead, he spared them both the lecture and just nodded in return. He began to slowly back out from beneath the kitchen table, John following closely behind him. He had already risen to his feet and was helping John rise to his own when a particularly loud firework went off, making them both flinch and almost sending John back beneath the table entirely.
The drive was a blur again, though the journey back to Baker Street was fueled by anxiety and worry, versus being merely contemplative on the trip away. His foot was practically glued to the floor, screeching through yellow lights seconds before they turned red and cutting off cars left and right. He undoubtedly broke his personal record for fastest trip home while driving an unmarked car.
Well, aside from the rare instances that Sherlock got a bee in his bonnet about them having sex in front of the fireplace; they wanted to spare Mrs. Hudson from any wayward noises or glimpses in case she came upstairs unannounced.
“John, are you alright?” Greg forced himself to take a deep breath, his body instinctively wanting to panic as well. He had never been good at seeing his loved ones suffering and in pain, but he knew that he had to be the calm voice of reason the former Army soldier needed him to be in that moment.
Greg blinked, wondering how he could still be taken back by Sherlock’s insights even after all these years. “Well, ta very much.” That was a solid place for him to start at least.
“That’s right.” Greg soothed, breathing a small sigh of relief that he’d switched back to English. He didn’t know what he would do if John ever got stuck speaking Pashto.
“John, I…” Greg began to say before he’d even lowered the phone from his ear, but the shorter man had already moved to stand in front of him.
Greg noticed that one of John’s hands had started to unconsciously move towards his in search of comfort. He gladly met it in the middle, needing some grounding of his own at seeing their lover so out of sorts. Sherlock was rarely ever emotional or out of control, and never to this point. It was hard to watch.
“Not Kandahar or Helmand?”
“Christ.” John said, dropping his head to rest against Greg’s shoulder as he breathed deeply. His shoulders hitched with every breath and his hands shook uncontrollably. Combining the residual effects of his own previous flashbacks with the continued auditory triggers of the fireworks, just the very idea of Sherlock being tortured almost proved to be too much for him.
“You better.” John grinned, biting his lip as he stared at Greg’s mouth with heat in his eyes. “We’ll be waiting.”
No response other than a faint shuffling, not that he was really expecting one though.
Expecting one or both of them to immediately jump out at him, he was more thrown by the lack of confrontation than he would have been if one had actually happened.
“Alright.” Greg relented, not willing to push or fight him on it.
“Prisoner?” Greg asked, entirely unnerved and barely able to blink, let alone take his eyes off the devastating scene in front of him. He had the irrational fear that if he looked away for even just a second, the other man would end up lost to them forever.
Knowing that Bonfire Night was coming, and fireworks inevitably with it, had provided the three of them with the opportunity to prepare as much as was humanly possible.
“Of course we’ve bloody seen them! He told us that he was dragged behind a car aways during a street race in Seoul!” Greg spat, his tone murderous.
“Was that a yes?”
He drove to the site Donovan had directed him to in a thoughtful daze, only breaking out of it long enough to notice when the sun had finally finished setting, casting London into its usual neon highlighted darkness. Once he arrived, he was swept into the investigation and consumed by it so entirely that he didn’t even pay the fireworks any mind when they started whistling and flashing across the sky.
“We think the fireworks triggered something that happened to him during his time away, though we’re not certain what.” Greg answered, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t be too cross with him for sharing that information with his overbearing elder brother. “Any insights you’d like to provide us with?”
At her understanding nod he took off for his car at a jog, forever grateful to have a dependable sergeant he could count on to cover for him. For all her snarking and scoffing, she was damn good at her job and would have his back without a second thought when it truly mattered, in cases like this.
Scotland Yard was bracing for impact in its own way, seeing as crime levels typically rose in a dark mirror to the increased passions that accompanied most holidays in London, which had made it a hard sell when Greg had requested the time. But with a promise to keep the ringer on his cell phone turned up high in case they needed to call him in and to clear his desk of its mountain of paperwork, he’d managed to convince his Chief to agree. It also helped that they’d already been nagging him to take some time off in general.
“Less okay than usual?”
Thankfully, it hadn’t come to that.
His heart wrenched at the pure exhaustion that was beginning to show on Sherlock’s face. His shoulder and arm must have been screaming in agony by now, and the way he was half slumped onto the cold ground didn’t appear to be doing the rest of his body any favors either.
“I imagine that my little brother likely used his mind palace as a mental refuge during the course of his interrogations. It served its purpose by helping him survive the pain, but now it’s harder for him to tell reality apart from whatever reassuring scenes his mind cast the two of you in during his attempts at self-soothing.” Mycroft explained.
Greg wanted to point out that John needed them as well, equally as much and that he shouldn’t inadvertently harm his mental health by putting Sherlock’s above his own, but he knew that the words would have just fallen on deaf ears.
Greg happily obliged, John’s sweet sipping kiss making the pang in his chest dissolve and Sherlock’s unexpected flash of tongue sending heat coursing through his body.
“You have a duty to the public Greg, and neither of us realized how poorly Sherlock would react.” John said. “Don’t blame yourself.”
“Do let me know how he fares the rest of the evening and tomorrow. I have therapists with the proper security clearances on speed dial if the need arises. I did attempt to get him to consult with one upon his return, but we both know how dreadfully stubborn my brother can be. Perhaps you will have better luck convincing him.”
He impatiently sat at a red light, two streets off and starting to feel unnerved by the eerie silence that had descended both outside the car and on the phone call. Then a massive red and blue firework suddenly went soaring into the night sky and exploded into a giant flurry of color with an extraordinarily loud burst of noise, making him jump and sending the phone flying down onto the car floor.
Sherlock began yelling again in the background, drowning everything out before Greg could ask another question. His voice was flooded with emotion in a way that Greg had never quite heard from him before, agitated and distraught and almost out of control. Soon John began calling back to him, his voice commanding and sharp over the sound of movement, random rustling as if he were scrambling about.
“Oh my god, Sherlock’s hurting and here I am making everything all about me again.” John choked out, his left hand beginning to visibly tremble as stress began to get the better of him again.
Thankfully, that train of thought was stopped right in its tracks by the faint sound of snuffling that he heard coming from the far side of the kitchen. He headed slowly in that direction, getting a wild hair to check beneath the kitchen table.
“Do you really think that Sherlock bloody Holmes couldn’t find his way around a biometric lock?” John snorted with a rueful half smile before giggling slightly, knowing that it was highly inappropriate but struggling to cope with the stress otherwise.
“London?” John repeated, his voice tremulous and hesitant. “Fireworks?”
“Quoting Shakespeare, eh? Educated little sod, aren’t you?” Greg teased him with a grin.
“None of that now, love.” Greg said as he gently pried his hands away from his poor hair follicles. “If anyone is responsible here, it’s me. I knew that tonight would be rough but I still went in anyway when they called.”
Sherlock was loath to speak about his experiences during those two years that he had spent away. Greg and John had managed to pry bits and pieces out of him in moments of unsuspecting vulnerability, while soothing John after his shouting from a nightmare had woken them all up or when a stray thought crossed his mind while he was distracted enough to speak entirely unfiltered.
“Greg?” John’s voice was frantic.
So Greg had to precede carefully, purposely making his descent up the stairs measured and audible. It would be worse for him to appear in the flat out of thin air, startling them and sending them reeling mentally, than it was to give them time to anticipate and prepare for his arrival.
“Piss off.” John responded cheerfully before following him down both staircases to the entrance of the basement flat.
He reached out slowly and gently brushed his fingertips against the back of one of John’s hands. He quickly drew back when John immediately recoiled away from him, his eyes flying open and his hands coming up to protect his face as he started trying to crawl further beneath the table and away from Greg.
“What’s happened?” Mycroft demanded urgently, having switched back to English.
Greg winced. He'd thought that John’s guilt over physically going after Sherlock in the restaurant during his botched homecoming and holding a grudge against him for several months following it had eased, but apparently not. It didn’t matter to John that he hadn’t known the reasons behind Sherlock’s actions and that Mary had been strategically placed in his life to manipulate him against the consulting detective; he still blamed himself for reacting the way that he did.
“John, love, I can’t understand what you’re saying. What can I do?” Greg asked anxiously.
They instantly put their hands in the air, standing side by side near the doorway but making no motion to retreat. John and Greg just stood there calmly, regarding their lover with only concern and love for him in their eyes.
“Does that mean no?”
Once he was certain that he did, he hesitated in the doorway to the sitting room for a moment, gazing back at his two lovers with a longing look. A small part of him was still afraid that he’d lose them the same way he’d lost his wife. Too many hours at the office, called in at all times of the night and during practically every major holiday, thoughts of cases and paperwork consuming his every waking moment even while at home.
“Sherlock? John?” Greg called through the gap. “It’s me. I’m coming in, okay?”
The next second, he was flying to his feet. The duvet slid off and pooled around his braced legs as his arms raised, a pistol in either hand. He aimed right at the two men that had just entered, his fingers on the triggers. He shouted something at them in the same language as before, a rough and angry sound that his hostile tone of voice managed to amplify even further.
John opened the wardrobe door with a slight click, briefly gazing inside on the off chance that Sherlock had chosen it as a hideout. It clicked again as he shut it, turning to watch Greg as he used the light on his cell phone for a torch as he bent down to check beneath the bed.
“Does that mean yes?” Greg repeated, desperate not to misunderstand the other man.
In that moment, he genuinely hated the fucking holiday.
“No.”
“No, don’t you dare feel guilty for needing to be comforted John. You’re hurting too and you deserve to be cared for just as much as anybody else, you hear me?” Greg said seriously, forcing him to meet his eyes.
“While that is likely true, I can personally assure you that those scars were not solely caused by roadrash.”
While he didn’t mind the threat he himself faced by entering into the situation, he would still proceed under the assumption that they were armed and more dangerous than usual.
“Kisses for the road?” John asked with a smile, glancing up from where he was starting one of the movies they’d queued, Sherlock already rattling off deductions about the actors in a grumbling tone next to him.
John paused for a long time, his eyes flitting back and forth as he stared down at the kitchen floor and processed Greg’s words. “How do you know?” He eventually whispered, shame filling his eyes when he finally looked up at Greg again. “How can I be certain?”
Time felt like it had taken on its own form, the way it often did when he was wrapped up in a case. Passing in fits and starts during moments of intense action, seeming to drag and slow during deep research and deciphering clues from the evidence. He didn’t realize that hours had passed until he found himself absentmindedly wishing that Sherlock had been intrigued by the case enough to come out and solve it for him.
“So you’re saying that he survived being tortured by imagining us being there with him and comforting him through it? And he thinks that us being here is just further proof that he’s actually still in Serbia?” John asked.
“Fuck.” He cursed, mentally kicking himself for allowing the case to absorb his attention so entirely that he'd temporarily forgotten about his concern for the man he’d left at home.
“None that you have the security clearance for.” The man responded primly.
He seemed to be losing energy quickly, the stress of the flashback likely taking its toll on him as he fought to remain vigilant.
“I’m sorry, I got scared and stepped closer to Greg without thinking.” John explained, his voice trembling. “Now Sherlock is… holding one of the guns against his head.” He had a hard time even getting the words out.
Sherlock’s verdigris eyes darted back and forth between the two of them, the whirring of his mind practically visible as he analyzed and deduced the situation at staggering speeds. When his grip on the handles of the pistols seemed to relax and his arms slightly dropped, blinking rapidly as his brow began to furrow in confusion, Greg chanced taking a step forward.
“...Where’s Sherlock?” John asked, looking around the room anxiously with a furrowed brow. “Is he okay?”
The only differences being that they were lovers instead of parent and child, and John suffered from heart wrenching nightmares during his waking moments as well. Greg would give anything in the world to be able to change that for him.
Right now, all he cared about was getting some tea and takeout into his boys before bundling them off to bed. They’d burrow beneath the oversized duvet they reclaimed from Sherlock and gripe about the lack of elbow room and blatant pillow hogging by one particularly overgrown prat.
“If he managed to run off without me noticing while I was cowering under the table like a bloody coward, I swear to God…” John said desolately, running his hands through his hair and pulling at it slightly in an effort to ground himself with the pain.
“Does he seem okay?”
“Hang on.” Greg said before fumbling with the phone. “Alright, you are now.”
When he got to the landing, he would have been able to tell that something was wrong even if he hadn’t been warned ahead of time. The door separating the sitting room from the landing was closed, which it normally never was whenever any of them were home.
“Yes.”
A different sound.
“I suppose this means that I should be thanking you.” Greg admitted begrudgingly. Despite how much he didn’t like it, he knew that Mycroft’s interference had saved them precious time in locating Sherlock and understanding not only the root of his flashback, but also how to finally break him out of it.
“Is that Sherlock shouting?” Greg asked in bewilderment.
They still weren’t exactly certain as to how John’s PTSD would react, especially after having been moments away from burning alive within a bonfire the year prior, so they fully intended to shelter in place in 221B. Cheesy spy novels were queued, an assortment of Chinese takeout dishes were secured, and any alcohol was entirely off limits for fear of it blurring the lines between reality and memory.
The former soldier let out a whimper and he took the two small steps that would place him directly against Greg’s side without considering the effect his movement would have on Sherlock.
Greg hesitated for another moment, grimacing and rubbing at his face, before finally giving in with an audible groan. He snatched the phone up and accepted the call before he could change his mind again.
He had no idea what the true state of things were up in the flat. He hadn’t been able to tell from their shouting on the phone if they were feeling fearful and anxious more than anything, or if they were agitated and inches away from lashing out. Fear aggression could manifest itself in all manner of ways, and the thought of the two normally loving men viewing each other as an enemy and acting accordingly, only to deeply regret their actions once they came back to themselves later, broke Greg’s heart.
That was the unspoken question they were both considering. As far as places to hide within the flat, there weren’t many. The sitting room and kitchen, apart from the kitchen table, were relatively wide open. There was the bathroom, the bedroom the three of them shared, and their spare bedroom upstairs.
“Would you rather stay here or would you like to help me look for him?” He asked, giving John the choice since he wasn’t entirely certain himself whether the blond man was stable enough to move out from beneath the table just yet. But since the youngest member of their trio had been brought up, Greg’s worry for him had moved from nagging at the back of his mind to positively screaming at him from the forefront.
“Tell him that he doesn’t have to be afraid, that he’s home in England and safe with us.” John requested.
“I know, I just… I still don’t like it.” Greg sighed, greedily accepting a kiss from John and leaning in for more when he started to pull back. “I’ll be back as quick as I can, I promise.” He whispered against his lips.
“Sherlock? It’s Greg, John is here with me too. We’re coming in.” He called before swinging the door open, John right behind him as he descended the staircase.
“Hello Sunshine.” Greg said with a relieved grin, practically melting with relief.
Only the sight of Donovan watching him from where she stood conferring with Anderson and his team over some of the forensic evidence kept Greg from immediately bolting for his car, case and career be damned.
That verbal nudge forced John and Greg to once again start racking their brains, trying to figure out what to say.
“I’m here.” Greg said softly, eagerly curling his fingers around John’s hand when it moved searchingly towards him. He placed it against his cheek, reassuring the younger man that he was actually there and not just a figment of his imagination. “You’re home with me at 221B Baker Street. We’re here in London, everyone is celebrating Bonfire Night. The loud noises you keep hearing are from the fireworks.”
He wasted precious time leaning over and scrambling his hand around in a blind attempt to locate it, cursing out loud when he heard that John's shouting had resumed as he tucked the phone back into place.
He stepped forward and swept Sherlock’s dark curls back with one hand, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on his forehead. Sherlock tilted his head back afterwards, lifting his mouth in search of Greg’s lips still without even bothering to look up at him. Greg chuckled and willingly obliged, savoring the taste of the younger man’s mouth before pulling back regretfully.
“If he’s speaking a foreign language, inform me which one in particular and we can proceed from there.” Mycroft finally said, something akin to sincerity in his voice.
John froze for a moment, his mind racing to catch up with Greg’s train of thought. Once it finally occurred to him as well, he relented with a relieved and satisfied little moan, surrendering to the other man’s efforts. He allowed Greg’s tongue to slip into his mouth when it prodded gently against his lips, and he became thoroughly lost in the older man’s skillful snogging.
But he knew the difference between Laura and them. Where she’d huff and grumble and kick whenever he’d wake her up by crawling into bed last at night, they'd draw him close with soft murmurs of welcome and stroking hands that soothed his racing mind right to sleep. When he was too strung out and exhausted to keep the plans they’d made for the rare days he had off, she’d sigh and hold a grudge against him for cancelling. But with Sherlock and John, they went through the post-case crash together, making self care a group activity as they drank overly sweet tea and scarfed down whatever takeout they could get their hands on before piling onto the bed together in a giant tangle of limbs and passing out for twelve hours straight.
“Behave in a manner that his mind never would have imagined you to engage in, based on the knowledge he had of the two of you at that point in time.” Mycroft made it sound simple and effortless.
The dark haired man’s voice grew even louder, his shouted warnings starting up again with renewed fervor. Then to John and Greg’s horror, his right hand moved to point John’s service pistol at his own temple.
“...No.” He breathed out shakily, before repeating the word again with growing certainty. “No, I didn’t.”
“Bloody meddling Mycroft…” Greg growled before accepting the call, putting it on speaker so John could hear as well. “What? I’m in the middle of something.”
John gave an involuntary gasp when a particularly loud firework went off, taking him by surprise. When it was immediately followed by three more quick bursts, the room briefly shifted from a dark London basement to a bright field hospital, its lights flickering in and out as the mortar attacks affected the base’s electrical power supply.
“This isn’t a bloody game!” Greg gritted out from between clenched teeth, feeling moments away from flat out yelling at the infuriatingly smug man. “Tell us something that’ll help us be there properly for Sherlock or sod off.”
Instead, the flat was dark, the sitting room illuminated only by the flickering light of the television and the glow of the street lamps as they peered in through the parted curtains. The music of the movie credits as they played in the background was a low murmur, punctuated only by the distant booms of the celebratory explosives that had caused this desolate scene in the first place.
The older man made a mental note to himself to address the issue with John at a later date.
Greg rang off with the elder Holmes before returning his full attention to the two men in front of him. As he kept an eye on them while they all trundled up the two flights of stairs back to 221B, he knew that he’d likely have hell to pay in the morning when he finally called Donovan and got up to speed on the case. His Chief would be pissed if he found out about him taking off on his team, but he didn’t care.
They’d never be alone with their troubles while Greg was around, and he never again intended to leave their sides while storm winds were howling and tidal waves were attempting to batter the shores of their minds.
He wouldn’t allow himself to make that same mistake again, Sherlock and John were too important to him. They were what brought him to life everyday and what kept him alive, even in the moments when he began to truly wonder if it was all worth it.
“Once more unto the breach.” John said in return. He still appeared to be slightly shaky and uncertain but better than before, his equilibrium further steadying with each additional moment he spent by Greg’s side.
The two of them proceeded to the bathroom first, which only took a single cursory glance around the room and into the tub to be certain that Sherlock wasn’t camped out in there.
“Yeah? Any tips to ease the way Sunshine?” Greg asked, half-joking with a derisive snort.
It would certainly jeopardize their professional standing with the Yard in reference to having access to active cases, but he’d much rather face their wrath for having risked their access to the work than to stand idly by as they potentially came to harm or suffered for longer than was absolutely necessary.
And there, sitting right on top of the small writing desk, was the small gun safe Greg had bought for locking up the firearms he didn’t officially acknowledge that John and Sherlock owned while they were at home.
Then recognition dawned in his eyes and he paused, hesitating as he glanced around the room in confusion. “Greg…?” He finally asked in a hoarse voice, likely caused by all the yelling.
Mycroft heaved a deep sigh, genuine regret lacing his words as he continued, “Unfortunately, the cover role that I undertook required me to stand idly by while he was being beaten, until he finally managed to drive the other man from the room with his deductions. I fear that being in the same room as him while he’s in this state would only serve to drive him further into the flashback.”
Without wasting another moment, he drew John even further into his arms and pressed his lips against the smaller man’s mouth.
A dignified sigh sounded from the other end of the line before Mycroft said, “Likely Serbian then. Am I on speaker?”
“Yeah, alright. No promises.” He hedged, though he fully intended to speak with his lovers about getting them both either back into or starting on therapy. Hell, he’d even go himself if that made it easier for them to agree. He knew that he had plenty of self-esteem and trust issues from his first marriage that he still needed to work through.
“Fuck. Are you okay?”
“Sherlock? It’s okay. We’re home in London. You came back to us, it’s alright now.” John coaxed.
The next several minutes were tense as Mycroft began conversing with Sherlock in rapidfire Serbian, his responses calm and measured while his younger brother slowly became increasingly agitated. His hands visibly trembled around the guns and his arms seemed to want to drop of their own accord. He kept rolling his shoulders and forcing them to stay raised, wincing and fighting against his own body as he appeared to argue with his older brother.
“So we have to do something that he wouldn’t suspect us to do before he left, but… we do now?” John puzzled out loud, knowing that the two of them likely sounded like bloody parrots to Mycroft at this point, but he didn’t care. The posh git could call him a goldfish all day long if he liked, as long as they were able to break Sherlock out of the flashback.
After both men remained silent for a moment, Mycroft finally added, “I deeply regret my inability to assist in person, but I can help translate for you at the very least.”
The small blond man was rocking slightly, curled up on his forearms and knees with his hands clamped down hard over both his ears. His lips were trembling as he repeatedly muttered something to himself, too low for Greg to be able to make out the words. His beautiful blue eyes were clenched tightly shut, tears rolling silently down his cheeks.
Finally he managed to reach 221B, slamming the car into park without a second thought and dashing up the short staircase. But once he had the front door unlocked and he first stepped into the house, his entire demeanor changed.
“I don’t know what bloody language it is, other than the fact that it’s clearly not English or Pashto, or any of the usual ones like French or Spanish.” Greg said, pitching his voice low and keeping his words slow for fear of agitating Sherlock any further.
“It’s okay.” John said, taking the phone out of his hand and slipping it into Greg’s pocket for him. He framed Greg’s grey stubble covered face between his hands and angled it down towards him. “We knew this was a possibility. I’ll still have Sherlock here to keep me company. I’ll force feed him some of the takeout and he’ll probably spoil the movie for me, just another night in with the loveable prat.”
“I should have warned you better. I should have anticipated the pistol. I knew they were dangerous, I was a
“Now,” Coram said. “If you would be so gracious, Mr. Holmes…put the cuffs on the good doctor, here.”
“Doctor...Watson,” the policeman started, as I rose achingly to my feet, taking my stick from the ground to hold it tightly in my hands. “These men—I must know what happened for my report—”
And while Holmes was clearly as disturbed by Ms. Winter’s horrible tale as I was, he was unerringly determined to see this out. The day would never come when Sherlock Holmes could be intimidated from a case, and that remained true doubly so when concerning such a scoundrel like Gruner.
the less rational quarter of my brain insisted.
I found myself scowling, and Holmes’s attention on my hands grew seemingly placating. “I will be fine.”
“Watson, tell me...do you believe in magic?”
I could not afford him any attention.
The floor seemed to fall away beneath me.
“A visitor for you, Mr. Holmes.”
attention even if they did not, in fact, stimulate my good friend, but a great deal more of them were dull, vague, or enthusiastic in a most off-putting way. I, for one, had ceased to find flirtatious or overzealous letters addressed to Holmes amusing; the man himself had declared his intent to burn the next letter to reach him soaked in lady’s perfume, and I was inclined to concur—if not to spare Holmes’s sensitive olfactory senses, then at least to divert my own discomfort with such advances.
“Neither,” I said quietly. My voice did not have the steadiness that I wished it did. “It was me, Holmes.”
“Thank you, sir,” Holmes said, with genuine enthusiasm. “You’ve been most helpful.” He looked to me, his pale cheeks flushed a fetching pink in the cold. “Come, Watson.”
“How long is it?”
"Forgive me, old chap," I said stumblingly, fighting the awful blush rising in my cheeks. "But it's time I should turn in.” In front of me, Holmes stiffened. “I've indulged myself beyond my limits this evening, I believe I'm starting to hallucinate."
But this, I believed, was my most lethal response to date. The inability to sleep. The toll on my body was palpable. Time and reality sludged like tar around my eyes, and my pulse hammered nauseatingly beneath my skin and behind my eyes like it had on the front lines, when the Afghans shifted in the night beyond sight, when drifting off could have meant death for myself and my countrymen. My stomach twisted and turned, full of bile and acid but nothing of substance, and my thoughts swam in heavy eddies.
Holmes stared at me, eyes wide and shining.
His mouth was motionless under mine, lips ice cold. My heart cracked.
“I’ve brought those letters, Mr. ‘Olmes,” said he, after a noisy swallow.
Hopkins shook his head. “Nothing, Mr. Holmes. You know as much as I do now—probably more, I should think.” He gave a small smile, and I again appreciated the young man’s curtailed ego. “We have made inquiries as to any stranger seen on the country roads or at the railway station, but we’ve heard of none. What beats me is the utter want of all object in the crime. Not a ghost of a motive can anyone suggest.”
I’ll tell you, gov! Last night, I was on the train heading home and along came some ridiculous ticket inspector, who started arguing my ticket was invalid! He made me and all the other passengers
“What I want from you can no longer, by any definition, be labelled platonic. It is beyond the Greek. If my imbecilic attempt to seduce you has told you no better, here it is plainly. For however little I understand its implications, I desire you. Against every scrap of logic and sense, against my
“After the breakfast I was promised, naturally." Holmes clapped his hands together with a short laugh, his ardor returned with such vivacity that I doubted whether I had seen any hesitation at all.
“Very well, Holmes,” I said woodenly. “I understand.” I swallowed once. “I will make arrangements to sleep elsewhere this evening, and will move my things to temporary lodgings tomorrow.”
I did not care. This was now. He was hurt, had been threatened, and I could have lost so much more than the skin of my knuckles. The reality crashed down upon me like a tsunami wave, burying me in its dark, icy pressure.
“Are you the station master here?” Holmes asked.
“You will fit in,” I admitted. “Almost more than I might, but there are plenty of members who attend in their business wear. It is a club of all kinds, Holmes, for men and women.”
“As do I, Wiggins.” Holmes inclined a head. “Off with you. And
to have him
“It would certainly explain a few things,” I deadpanned, and Holmes scoffed, turning towards the storm front as if to physically ignore me. My face split into a grin at his expense. “And it’s perfectly paranoid. You’re truly afraid of being lost in the countryside?”
“I say,” he snapped, his bearded face flooding red with anger. “Your manners leave something to be desired, gentlemen!”
My hands fell to my lap. I cradled the pipe within them, its weight heavy and cool. I traced the new crack trailing down the wood, and my heart thudded a slow, heavy, painful rhythm.
“You have worn ladies’ makeup before?”
“Not quite yet, Watson. I had no evidence to support such a theory, and you know my position on speculation without facts. But...it was increasingly likely, as you pointed out Watson, that the murderer was closer to the manor than any stranger or possible enemy of Smith’s from outside of it. The broken window, that was another intriguing piece to the puzzle—whyever would an intruder, a lady at that, decide to smash a window and flee through it, as opposed to departing the way she came? She certainly had the time to go back through the back door. No one in the house was certain of Smith’s cry, and Ms. Tarlton did not come running until after the window was broken.”
“She did not act alone. Or indeed, act much at all. You’ll find, Inspector, should this woman regain the ability to speak, that it was loyalty that guided her, not the true motivation for this crime.”
“Shared the correct wall. I do hope you trust in me to identify false books when I see them, Watson.”
I have often wondered at the changes my life with Holmes has rendered in me. Before his companionship, my heart would have dropped in sympathy at the mention of murder. Now, however, though I do feel for victims whose injustices we aim to resolve, my pulse tends to race with excitement instead of dread.
“You’re not the only man here who knows how to defend himself, Doctor,” Johann said, through a chilling smile.
I closed the door behind me, and once on the other side, felt all the air rush from my lungs in a mighty gust.
"Now you are simply being dramatic, Watson."
I prayed, with all of my being, that it would not be Holmes.
“I shall endeavor not to bore you so,” Holmes said, reaching for his travelling coat on the rack beside his wardrobe. “But I cannot speak for good Reginald, I’m afraid. The man does have a tendency towards the prosaic.”
prototype!”
wrong. About myself. About myself, where you and only you are concerned."
“I would rush you to nothing. We need not participate in it at all, or never more than once if you find there are…actions, or sensations not to your favor.”
questions.”
“Holmes,” I croaked. The sight of him was like the floor falling out beneath me, plummeting relief. “Holmes, I’m sorry—”
could barely manage to drag you up the stairs! I will not get into this with you again, Holmes. We are going on holiday, you’re going to put on at
“Precisely, Watson. Judging from the stress lines and dark circles on the man's face, his creased clothing, and the slight tremor in his hands, I don't believe he has slept in some time. All signs point to him being a victim in this. But you’ve not heard the most crucial element.”
“What is it, my dear fellow?”
” I gasped. “Truly? Then whyever did we leave without speaking to him, Holmes? Do you believe him to be responsible for what's happened to Peter?”
“Do you know why you and the other passengers were recalled from the train?” Holmes asked.
“Ah. The primary witness,” Holmes said, inclining his head in greeting. It was only through our years of acquaintanceship that I recognized the weariness that moved across his face at the girl’s reaction. “Good afternoon, Ms. Tarlton, I am Sherlock Holmes, and this is my partner, Dr. John Watson. We are here at the invitation of good Inspector Hopkins.”
“Holmes, that man’s as drunk as a lord,” I said, shaking my head. “That train might have never come through Chesterfield at all and we’d hardly be the wiser.”
create another one?”
“Nothing but the murder of Caesar,” I said, grinning at my friend’s zeal. “A shame Brutus wasn’t a craftier devil. At any rate, I’m glad to put off another stack of post for a proper case.”
“Just some provisions, my dear fellow, to occupy me in the lovely Staffordshire.”
“The Professor theorizes, madam, that young Smith was driven to take his own life,” Holmes said calmly. The woman blinked rapidly, startled, and her papery face lost what little color it could spare. One of her hands flew up to her neck, sealing over a modest cross necklace. “Did you observe evidence of such depression in his demeanor during his time here?”
“Is that so?”
“And you’re obstructing the investigation of an important case. I would suggest that you cooperate with Mr. Holmes to the best of your ability.” I tipped my head meaningfully. “Think of your career, Mr. Bertram.” At the last, Holmes’s eyes flickered to my face, a hint of amusement quickly dashed as he turned the full weight of his attention on the boy.
“Thank you. I will endeavor to do the same.” My pulse quickened in my chest, and I took another step forward. Holmes watched me, eyes tracking my every movement. “Then all that remains is what you want. I do not believe we shall reach my limits before we reach yours.”
He stared at me, eyes boring into my very soul. He was bared, so sharp and so vulnerable that I could not recall how to draw breath.
“Holmes,” I whispered.
"Quite easily, my dear fellow." My friend stooped first to offer me a generous, piping cup of tea, and then moved casually to the sitting room window. In a smooth motion Holmes opened it, dangled himself out into the crisp October air, and inserted two fingers in his mouth. A high, clear whistle pierced the morning, resounding off the cobblestone below in two swift trills, and Holmes turned back to me with a spark in his grey eyes.
“Sleep well, Watson,” returned Holmes, at the same tender volume. Feeling like the lead in some penny-farthing romance, I buried the willowy exhale trapped in my throat and nodded.
“I daresay so,” he says, smiling. “And we shan’t have time later.”
“Quite right,” I said fondly, and offered the lad another scone.
if he and his officers would be so obliged as to follow my instructions. To the letter, God willing.” Though he crackled with indomitable energy, the worry in his eyes as he looked at me tugged at my abdomen, and I swallowed the same fear with soldierly effort. In all our cases, the two of us had never gone into danger without the other before. I prayed that things would go precisely to Holmes's plan.
In three strides, I crossed the sitting room floor and took Holmes's face in my hands. In the space between one moment and the next, I watched his eyes widen in shock and knew that brilliant mind had understood my aim as quickly as I had summoned it, and it was because he stared at me unblinking and did not step back, did not lean away, that I seized the opportunity at hand. I cradled his lovely face in mine, and I kissed him.
reward." He winked saucily and sauntered off, leaving me red as a tomato and Holmes tugging me away untouched by the insinuation.
“Yes, thank you, Mr. Bertram, that will be all,” Holmes said, smoothly unfolding the paper. His eyes scanned it swiftly and within moments, he folded it once more and slid it carefully into his pocket. “I will see its return to Mr. Robinson. No doubt you should like to avoid the man at any cost.” The lad grimaced, before nodding gratefully. Rising and gesturing towards the door, I led with Holmes closing the office door behind me, and immediately found his voice in my ear.
"Forgive the question if it seems prying, Miss, but as a doctor I can't help but wonder—if the Professor struggles so with his health and mobility, and there is a bedroom downstairs by his study, whyever hasn't he moved? Surely it would be practical, and indeed more comfortable, to relocate to the ground floor?"
“I’ll have plenty of time for that in false hospice,” said Holmes dismissively. “Now, Watson, I have a question for you. Tell me, do you by chance know anything of the Ming dynasty?”
” I paused to swallow hard. “
“You slept poorly,” he says, frowning unhappily.
“I shall sort through this morning’s missives for something more engaging, then. But perhaps you should take the opportunity to recuperate. Do you know if there are any performances in town this evening? We’ve not had the chance to attend one in quite a while.”
“As you say, gov,” Wiggins said, and as he started off, I cleared my throat. He turned to see me with my hand extended, plate of scones balanced on my palm.
“We weren’t bringing that monstrosity to every stop in the county train line, Holmes,” I said, rolling my eyes. “Whatever do you need a map for?”
“Our train should be here any minute, Watson,” Holmes said. He peered down the turnstile, arms crossed against his chest in his dark wool coat. “The trainmaster said as much, and I have no desire to wait in line any longer than is necessary.” In the faint light of the station lamps, I could see his breath cloud through the thick, cashmere confines of his scarf. Holmes had a constitution that was notoriously sensitive to the cold—and as he so childishly insisted, the country air—and he'd been bundled up for nearly the entirety of our holiday, even inside our host’s aristocratic lodgings on the Staffordshire estate. I was hardly one to discourage him; the more time Holmes spent inside swathed like a child with a cough, the better he could recuperate his energy and good health. After three full weeks of reluctant feeding, less-reluctant rest, and astonishingly dry bee husbandry, I was pleased and proud to see Holmes nearly restored to his former self. I had no desire for chilly weather to chip away at his progress, so I had insisted upon his wearing scarves and gloves for the journey home. Holmes, in a streak of uncharacteristic indulgence which had served to mark our holiday as the most peaceful in my recollection, had obliged.
Holmes raised a finger and thumb and Johann nodded to us, finishing up with another customer and eventually drifting our direction.
“My god,” I said again. Not just murderers, but terrorists, wanted in Russia. No wonder she had scoffed at the idea of our prison system. I knew little of that part of the world, but rumors of Russian gaols did not so easily leave the mind. “They...
"Johann," I hissed. I gestured behind me, towards the tailor's bench behind us. His eyes widened in realization, and as one we crept backwards towards cover.
But not if I fell to hatred that would consume me. I had seen what had become of my fellow men as the fighting went on, when their souls cried for payment for the brothers they’d lost in the form of greater, more despicable violence. It had broken them. I did not think I could be more broken, but I was not willing to test fate more than it had already tested me.
if I'm forced to load it onto the rear of another hansom again in as many hours."
"Come to me, should they occur again," he says abruptly.
“Indeed,” Holmes said, cool eyes scanning the room.
my more logical half argued,
It was not that I was concerned Holmes would find such baseless coquetry appealing. To the profound and permanent disappointment of England's broader population—enamored by his mind’s reputation or in person by his striking, statuesque looks—flirtation bounced seamless across my friend’s awareness like marbles off a drumhead. In all our years of friendship, he had never intimated any interest whatsoever in courting, the fairer sex, or more primitive human entanglements to me. The complexities of romance were often ignored by my friend in our investigations until proven relevant. Holmes did not seem to care for, or indeed care to understand, the affairs of the heart which so tempt and vex our species, and in fact sometimes disapproved of such fixations, vocally and in earnest. I myself left the topic alone unless we encountered crimes of passion, and in these moments where Holmes muttered his frustrations to the air about the foolishness of mortal
“Indeed,” said Holmes, and the cat-like satisfaction creeping across his face had me quite certain he had pieced together much more of the puzzle than that.
Hopkins blinked owlishly and I bit back a laugh. “I. Well, sir. It was only a paragraph in this morning’s paper, and all wrong at that, so you’ve not missed anything. I haven’t let the grass grow under my feet. It’s down in Kent, just as you surmised, seven miles from Chatham and three from the railway line. I was wired for early this morning, reached Yoxley Place at six, conducted my investigation, and was back at Charing Cross by nine, and came straight to you by cab.”
“Thank you, Mr. ‘Olmes,” Fred whispered, as Holmes stiffened. Slowly, as if through concentration of will, Holmes relaxed, and gingerly reached out a hand to pat the boy once, perfunctory, on the head.
“Thank God,” I murmured, leaning close over him. He tried to twist upwards, grimacing, and I shook my head. “Be
Holmes does not respond to that. Instead, his gaze solemnly tracks the surface of my skin, and heat blooms in my cheeks.
“Very interesting,” Holmes mused. “You have been most helpful, sir. One final question, if you’d permit me—was there anything exceptional about any of the passengers aboard the train?”
“No reports of any stranger seen?”
“I never said so. You
“Unless it’s criminal, well, I don’t suppose—” The dancing light in his eyes had me trailing off short.
Holmes ticked an eyebrow. A beat of deliberation, and he said, "...Very well."
“It is nothing she does not see on the daily, my good man,” Professor Coram said dismissively. “But I appreciate the courtesy. My housekeeper resides in the cottage in the back of the manor. In light of the tragedy of last night, I have given her the day to calm her nerves.” He pressed his lips together, and those piercing eyes javelined towards my friend and eventually to me. “Pray, do not disturb her too much. She is an elderly woman and she has been much disturbed by these horrible events.”
Mr. Holmes, that’s what bothers me. I can't put my hand on the why. Here’s a man dead—no denying that—but so far as I can see, no reason on earth why anyone should wish him harm.”
“In that case, Mr. Floams,” the man said scornfully, lifting a dismissive hand, “please excuse me, but I am not in the mood for idle chit-chat.”
“Likewise, Doctor Watson,” Lestrade said, with a tight, proud smirk. “We’ve had quite the productive morning, haven’t we?”
Holmes’s jaw was clenched, the skin of his face bloodless. Rigidly, he stepped forward, eyes fixed upon Coram with what could only be anger. It was a rare thing, to see such an emotion in Holmes’s eyes, but after all these years as his friend, I recognized it there. The automaton of my stories, the unfeeling machine, has always been a lie, and no one knew it better than myself.
The station master blanched. “How the devil’d you—”
I could not live with this. I could not live without him, could not live with my having failed him so utterly. I pressed my mouth over his, tears slipping down my face, and gave Watson my air, wishing to Heaven that I could give the life within my traitorous body to the only man my heart beat for.
“The bottles?” I repeated, confused, but without waiting Holmes was off, long legs taking him towards the luggage room in ardent strides. I followed him and watched him cast aside the burlap just as I did, seizing a bottle and lifting it into view.
“In these last few weeks, I have put the pieces together,” Holmes said. “I admit it took longer than it should have. Perhaps it was a blindness of proximity, the inability to see what was right in front of me for all its closeness. But did you truly believe you could conceal it from me?”
“What do you make of the letters, Holmes?” I asked, to divert the affection building in my chest.
“I do not ask you to betray your employer, madam,” he said emotionlessly. “But I’m obligated to inform you it will be the only thing to save you from the noose.”
I found the luggage room quickly, unsurprisingly unlocked considering the master’s conduct, and once inside I squinted in the low light for anything unusual. The shelves where luggage was stored were barren, and all I could see in the dark was a burlap sack, thrown across the floor over something misshapen and lumpy. Frowning, I lifted the sack by its corner with the edge of my cane, pulling it away only to immediately wrinkle my noise at the cloying scent of alcohol. More rubbish bottles: wine bottles, to be exact. The station master was an even bigger drunk than first appeared—and quite sloppy too, to leave them in the luggage room so carelessly.
“It did not upset me,” I protest, and cinereal eyes flicker to mine, eyebrow up and skeptical. Carefully, I exhale.
At that, Holmes turned on a heel and glided out of the room, and I followed him without giving the dithering master a second glance.
“I didn’t bother to look,” Holmes confessed, and that set us off on another round again, and by the end of it tears were streaming down my face and my throat was on fire, my head pounding at brutal tempo. My schoolboy snickering devolved in coughing, and the humor slid reluctantly from my friend’s face.
A simple explanation, then. But it summoned another question, this one from me and stemming from a physician's frame of mind.
“I—oh–” The woman swayed, shaking so hard she crumpled in on herself, and it was only my swift reflex that kept the woman from sliding out of her chair to the floor. I guided her steady and she began weeping pitifully, burying her face in her wizened hands. “Oh, Mr. Holmes! How could you…I cannot bear…”
It was this precisely that I told myself as I made off in search of an empty hansom, but against reason, my stomach twisted in strange, slow-furling knots. I had little time to spare, I told myself, and I would have even less if I decided to walk home with Holmes.
“We must see if we can find him this evening, Watson,” Holmes said. “If anyone would possess knowledge outside of his younger brother and fellow employees about Peter Ables’s whereabouts, it would be he.”
“No clues,” I repeated, coming close to his side to whisper in confidence. “...And you are smiling.”
"I forgive you."
Schadenfreude tilted Holmes’s mouth into a smirk. “A very effective little scheme, I will say. It is no wonder he’s desperate to leave. Four different companies are going to be coming to call on him for his invention, and no doubt they will be very displeased to learn he does not possess it.”
I tilted my head towards Holmes. “I wonder if you’ve ever had the opportunity to see one like this."
(Or as he would argue,
It was the maid, not the manor’s owner, that greeted us in the foyer.
I scowled. “I’ll be fine. Have you heard from Holmes?”
Holmes. You are a
I thought, inner voice a hiss.
“We could hardly deny a request from such a charming client,” I added, exhaustion spiriting much of the volume from my voice. “Young Fred was most adamant that we locate you.” At prodding, I unbuttoned my vest and shirt, easing my shoulder out for Holmes to treat with little thought to modesty. Pain, like liquor, had an effect of making me care little for offending the sensibilities of others.
It was in the winter of ‘94, I believe, that the popularity of my stories about Sherlock Holmes reached its zenith.
"Oh?" I said, and could not suppress my smile. I had never been told that with such a determined expression before.
"You've kept the boy waiting long enough," said Holmes, not unkindly. "If you do not mind, I have a partner that needs tending to."
I opened my eyes again to see his gaze fall to the floor, his expression shuttering away behind panels now blasted with holes.
“Holmes,” I whispered, heartsick.
Holmes’s eyes flashed. “You were not ‘tired’. You were inebriated.”
With that, Holmes turned on a heel and faced the crying woman with ice in his features. “Mrs. Marker,” he said.
“I knew you would stop me,” she returned, voice low and confident. She took his hand with the gentleness of a lover. “I knew it. I just gave us the chance you needed.”
“Watson—”
“Oh, I see,” I said, understanding the implication. “It was done to add to the impression of an outsider." Someone familiar with the manor would have snuck back out carefully, but the window...it implied an impulsive act by a stranger who needed to flee the scene of a crime. In the heat of the moment, I supposed I could understand why Mrs. Coram would have thought it a possible camouflaging element to her identity. "But however did you deduce she was a
“We shall have ample time for ourselves on this trip, Holmes,” I said gently, taking the hesitant observation for the apology it was. “But your health is my primary concern.”
and we might let you live.”
“Yes,” Holmes said. “And wanted in their home country for crimes of terrorism, treason, and arson, Scotland Yard has learned.”
“I am sorry, Holmes." My gaze dropped to the floor, unwilling to witness the moment where his surprise transformed into something different. Shame filled me, not because it was the truth, but because it had made me a liar. I had never wanted to deceive Holmes. He was my dearest friend, a companion in life the likes of which I had never met and never would again. It had broken my heart daily to conceal my whole self from him, foolish as it was to desire that he know me completely when there was so much between us we did not speak of. I could scacrely fathom how I had managed to fool him, and it had privately gutted me that I had been so successful. That it could cost me the greatest friend I had ever known filled me with grief.
“Something is wrong,” Holmes said lowly, pulling down his scarf. “I can’t hear any sound from the incoming train.” With shock, I realized he was right. The night air was eerily silent, when I knew logically that if there was no sound of an engine, there should at least be the screech of the train’s brakes.
I reached within the trunk and plucked a familiar blue phial from a shelf, watching Holmes’s mouth twitch as I did so. “And what “restorative” research will you be conducting with your hemoglobin-detecting solution, Holmes?”
“It’s quite simple, Watson. Gruner’s men left me in a desperate state. Tomorrow, London will hear that I have returned to Baker Street to slowly die of my wounds.”
I nodded in agreement. “It won’t be easy,” I warned. “It is a very secretive place, Holmes, and meant to be. You must not come off as a Yarder. Many have attempted to infiltrate clubs like these in the attempt to blackmail or arrest members for homosexual acts. Everyone is on their guard, now more than ever.”
“Within the quarter hour!"
“I was tired, and so I slept,” Holmes replied, with that coolness which so often brought me to hair-pulling frustration. “And you have never denied me the bed of your shoulder before now, Watson.”
“Inspector, Mr. Holmes,” Coram said. “Pray, step back in my wife’s bedroom. I’m sure you’ll find it most accommodating.”
“Holmes,” I managed. “You look like an actor from the Globe!”
"Of all the incompetent, useless..." For a moment, Holmes looked incensed, but just as it quickly as it came, the irritation disappeared, fragmenting into something infinitely more delicate. Hesitantly, as if unsure he had permission, he reached for me, the faintest tremble to his hand as it moved to press against my heart.
My stomach clenches at the idea. "I have no intention of disturbing you with my...mental frailty in the dead of night, Holmes."
“I beg your pardon?”
“Later on, as we were trying to sort out the mess with the tickets, I received a most peculiar telegram from my colleague at Chesterfield station, the following stop on the nine o’clock train’s schedule to London.”
“S’not the distance, Mr. ‘Olmes. Easy ‘nough to hop on the back of a cab. Ratcliffe can be real rough at night. Gangs been havin’ tiffs in the streets for near a month now.”
“No, no,” Holmes said. “Watson, you cannot—”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Could you please bring us another round of tea, oh thank you. Come in, my dear sir, Watson has just lit a fire and you are clammy with cold.”
I pause in my ministrations above him, halfway having insinuated my hands beneath his sleepshirt in search of more skin. I lift an inquiring eyebrow, and his smile transforms into something altogether devilish.
Mrs. Marker went rigid, a shocked and horrified breath stuttering from her lungs. “The noose,” she choked out. “The noose.” She closed her eyes, tears streaming down her face. She shuddered, paroxysms of horror.
“I have suffered from poor sleep for far longer than I have known you, Holmes." I lift a hand, extending it to the sheets in front of me. “Come here.”
The first shot delivered everyone to the floor, and I dove behind the tailor's counter just as a hail of bullets sailed over my head. Thunder rolled in my ears as I shouted for Johann to stay down. I dared glance over the counter to see two men, barrels trained on us, and the others facing off at the door and boarded windows, firing upon the Yard.
I craned my neck to see what had seized his attention, and watched him sweep forward towards the telegram sitting alone on a desk beside the door.
Holmes's eyes tore away from the heavens to the road, his face solemn. “You are quite right in that, my dear.”
“Keep watch where?”
“A component, Watson, but not the whole truth. What precisely was taken, I regret to say I don’t yet know. We may never learn it.” He pressed his lips together. “It is unlikely Coram will speak to me. As for his wife, she has not yet woken from her comatose state, and may never do so.”
For the most fleeting of moments, Holmes looked stricken. His hands constricted once at his sides, desperate for action with a ferocity I felt in my very bones. Just as quickly, the horror on his face was locked away, transformed into the passionless mask that served him best in the direst of circumstances.
“You are the soul of empathy,” Holmes hummed, swinging the trunk doors closed with a triumphant smirk. “At any rate, it shan’t be all experiments. I look forward to meeting Reginald once again, his recent letters speak of chance for proper debate.”
Watson was beneath the water.
Holmes’s quicksilver eyes glimmered with amusement. “You wound me, doctor.”
Around us, conversation receded like a wave, and I swiveled on my bar stool to see someone adjusting the gas lights on the stage.
I blinked, shocked he would suggest retiring before even coming close to running himself into the ground. “Already? But what about—”
At the tail end of his question, an odd thread had unspooled in my friend’s voice; it sounded, for a single moment, as if he were asking the question without total confidence of its answer. The idea I would not join him was strange enough that I experienced a moment of concern—what shadows had this morning’s mood cast over my friend?—and so, as I often did when faced with a somber Holmes, I resorted to good humor.
"It is not something I advertise to my clients," said Johann, somewhat amused. "But it can be...a useful thing, listening when no one thinks to remember you are there."
Holmes was silent. He looked at me as if he had never seen me before. My heart was eclipsed with misery.
"You married," Holmes said quietly, almost as if to himself but for the way his gaze held mine. "I am not mistaken in that. You loved Mary Morstan."
“Reservations at Simpson’s at seven. And tickets to the symphony at eight thirty. Mendelssohn.”
“Holmes,” I breathed, “what—”
I cursed myself for not drawing my service weapon when I had the chance. But I had seen that weapon, aimed at Holmes, and acted out of instinct instead of logic. It was no wonder Holmes scoffed at emotions. I could have disarmed the Professor without hesitation, if my mind hadn’t been paralyzed with horror.
“I implore you, for your own sake, to consider testifying. It will be your only salvation, madam. Repentance, I’m afraid, must be found on your own terms.” Holmes turned to Hopkins. “Without drawing much attention, inspector, I would ask you to have one of your constables ready a carriage. Within the quarter hour, you should have the culprit in your hands, and they will require swift transportation to the nearest empty cell.”
“I am glad to hear it,” I said, breathless. I felt light as air with the knowledge that Holmes, the most unique and talented man on this earth, desired the feeling of my skin, and welcomed my contact alone. Its warmth outshone any buzz of drink, and heated my blood like a centrifuge.
"Forgive my impertinence, my good man," Holmes began, as Johann retrieved two crystal glasses from below. "But I have recently returned from abroad and your accent is incredibly familiar to me. I don't suppose your family hails from the Scandinavian regions? Norway, perhaps?"
“With pleasure, my darling,” she replied, and I soon found the muzzle of my own revolver buried into my side. “Behave,
“Quick, Watson,” Holmes said urgently, and even in the low light I could see his eyes shining like stars. “We must fetch some lanterns and see for ourselves.”
“It is good fortune I am here then,” I said, unable to resist teasing. “And that I have experience in negotiations such as these.”
“Come, Doctor,” Coram said, and his free hand dug ruthlessly into my arm. “We’ve a train to catch.”
“Hurry, Mr. Holmes!” Hopkins cried over my shoulder. I hissed air through my teeth, desperately prying away the panel concealing the false bookshelf's door mechanism. My worthless hands shook, fumbling on a task I could manage blindfolded and lame at any other time, in any other moment other than the one I was in, when I needed most to act swiftly. My perfect, practiced faculties had deserted me and I cursed their betrayal, that I should be so abandoned when the most vital person on this earth depended on their powers.
“But what could you possibly—” I moved to his side to peer into the trunk’s shelves, only to freeze in disbelief.
"...Yes,” he said, and it was the first time I had ever heard Holmes breathless.
“Good morning,” Holmes said. “And with a minute to spare. You never fail to impress, Watson.”
“You've been
“As no one could examine your place of residence better than you, I would ask you to search it top to bottom for any clues to your brother’s whereabouts.”
“All that is left unknown is…romantic and physical intimacy. Judging from your behavior a few moments ago, and your new…feelings, I can only assume you have interest for this with—with me?” In the last moment, I stammered with sudden nerves.
“I did telegram ahead,” Mycroft harrumphed, sidestepping a retreating Mrs. Hudson into the sitting room.
“You may see for yourself, Watson,” said Holmes, and gave me one of his rare, sincere grins, born of the thrill of the chase. My heart hammered at the sight of it, as it always did, true as the Westminster Chimes.
“Gone, down to the brass tacks,” I said, shaking my head. Where a small building clearly used to stand behind the gate was a foundation's bare skeleton, barely fifty square meters, with spare, ancient wooden beams pried from the earth were all that remained on a patch of wet earth.
“And where is this rude inspector?” Holmes asked.
“Indeed,” Holmes replied. Immediately, he had set to inspecting everything about the scene with energy, kneeling beside the blood stain marring the otherwise pristine paisley carpet, pouring his eyes over the desk and jiggling with the bureau’s drawers. Eventually his attention drew to the broken window, where he hovered intently beside its shattered impression, mouth a moue of thought.
“I know. As do I.”
The man reeled back in offense, practically sprawling in his office chair. “I was not—”
Eventually, we made our way upstairs and Holmes swept to the settee. For a moment, he paused where he stood, back to me as he contemplated something in the welcoming fire Mrs. Hudson had stoked for us, until he abruptly turned to me on a heel.
What is…” I felt my jaw slacken in realization. “You don’t think—surely not—”
"You nearly lost your life yesterday," Holmes said softly. "And you still believe yourself in love with me?"
and as such above the crude, regressive notions of organized religion.”
“What did you mean,” he asked faintly, “when you said you intended me no discomfort?”
“Why indeed,” Holmes hummed, fingers finding his chin. “Might we have your permission to look at this warehouse?”
“But I shall be returning when he is well,” Mycroft finished, rounding on his visibly unrepentant brother. “This is more important than your typical criminal fascinations, Sherlock. The lives of our officials and citizenry could well be at risk, and I won’t abide by your pickiness.”
Holmes was wearing clothing I had never seen him wear before. Gone was his standard black suit and pinstriped ensemble. Now he wore a lush, blue-emerald tailored coat, dark and long to his knees, which were capped by rather spiffing, crisp black boots that encased the length of his tapered, dark-trousered legs. Beneath his jacket was a dandyish pale dress shirt, ivory cream and tucked below an elegant velveteen vest with burnished sterling fastens, and a silken ascot was tied loosely around his neck. The entire costume bordered on ostentatious but hesitated near the line; I had seen many stage actors bow after the final curtain in similar getups, and many more wearing the same in the Circle itself.
“The Chilean “Barcazas” company. They were...” The man’s voice dropped in volume, his face layering with a distant emotion I could only label as fear. “They were on the train when it disappeared.” Fire relit in his gaze, ruddying his drooping cheeks. “With
“I still don’t think we should—why is our evening booked as well? Don’t tell me we’ve another meeting?”
“Later, Inspector,” I said, sharing a glance with Johann. “I'm afraid there is someone we must see to, first.”
“You believe he met danger at the Circle. Or encountered it leaving there.” My stomach twisted in dread.
“I had the advantage of him,” Holmes said woodenly. “I knocked him into the water and liberated Hopkins’s gun from his belt. I fired two bullets into his legs to keep him from escaping while I reached for you but...” Blood departed Holmes’s face, and all volume left his voice. “...I confess, Watson. I also shot him because I wanted to.”
“Watson.”
“It’s a large group, based in South America. They came up three weeks back from Santiago. They showed a great deal of interest in my prototype, and they seemed wealthy enough to do good business with.”
"As much as it pains me to see you go before midnight, old boy, I'm glad you'll be going with company. Be safe on the way home, gentlemen. And do your best to restrain yourselves in the carriage. Patience is virtue
insist on lunch after.”
“I thought—” I almost choked on the words. “For a moment, I—”
“Ms. Tartlon. In light of these events, I bid you take the day off. Mortimer has already gone to his family home to recuperate, child, I give you leave to do the same.”
I may have remarked before in my writings that Holmes can, when he likes to, have a peculiarly ingratiating way with women. That is to say, he can be exceedingly, devastatingly charming, and I feel for any creature he targets with such skill, as Heaven knows I would weaken under such a devilish talent, unsuspecting or no. For all that he avoids women, he has a singular talent for establishing rapport with them the likes of which—not to blow my own horn—I myself do not possess, despite my genuine experiences and interest in women the world over. Furthermore, he has a terribly appealing false smile, white and perfect, and his sonorous voice can level at near-hypnotic timbres. (It doesn't hurt, naturally, that my friend resembles a perfect statue of the Roman masters: marble-skinned, noble-featured, tall and lithe and well-dressed, with uncommon, ashen eyes that could transfix one's very soul. Yes, I pity any person he endeavors to charm. We are a hopeless lot, but we're only human, just the same.)
“One never knows for certain, but within moments, I shall tell you whether or not our Mr. Robinson has a larger part to play in this affair.
Gratefully, I said nothing, and we began our silent observation of the velvet-upholstered entry hall as bar-goers began to trickle in at increased speeds. On our way here, Holmes had given me a description of Peter Ables that he had gathered on his journey to town this morning—he had visited the man’s coworkers to confirm Fred’s story and had gathered some information of his own, pertaining to the man’s work schedule. Peter Ables—a handsome young man, according to his peers, with wavy shoulder length hair, brown eyes, and a slender comportment—had
"Good morning, sir."
“At which shipyard is he employed?”
Teeth gritted, my eyes fell upon the pipe lying dormant and unused on the table beside me. Holmes had smoked it the day before we'd left, face layered with a seriousness I only now realized the extent of. I’d noticed straight away, that it was the ebony black pipe. Holmes only smoked that one in the direst of occasions. I’d noticed, but said nothing. Had trusted that if it was important, if there was something to be done to help, Holmes would have confided in me.
Watson goes home, and things come to a head.
“It barely grazed me,” I snapped. “And what of your face, you look like someone took a knife to your eyebrow—”
I thought. “Almost two ‘ole days, sir. He was meant to come ‘ome Tuesday night and he never did. I thought he mighta been workin’ all night at the shipyard and bunked wit’ a friend but he woulda told me if he ‘ad. But then he didn’t come 'ome last night neither and I asked about ‘im down at the yard and everybody said they hadn’t seen ‘im today and that he was goin’ ta be let go if he didna show tomorrow!” By the end of it, the boy was practically breathless, edging dangerously into bright-eyed distress.
“To think I considered Mrs. Hudson omniscient in my sleeping patterns to now,” I quipped, and a cloudy grey eye turned my direction.
“Unquestionably,” I said. My heart pounded in my chest like engine pistons. I exhaled, sharply enough it felt I would fall apart on its release. "I knew you could not reciprocate, so I did not tell you. I couldn't, for fear of jeopardizing our friendship. But I do not—have not ever wanted to leave, Holmes. I am...happier than I have ever been, being your partner. I would change my life for nothing."
a low voice issued in my mind. And it was not the cultured voice of Holmes that spoke to me now, but a mirror of my own, cold and sharp.
Holmes looked strangely agitated. “I know that I seem to many an—an ‘
“And I’m certain we’ll determine the truth of it eventually,” I said firmly, and when Holmes looked up at me with a curious expression, I lifted an eyebrow. “But it shall have to wait. Recall you made a bargain with me, Holmes.”
“We shall see in the coming days, sir, what real crimes have been committed here. And we
In the minutes it took for help to arrive—first in the form of a bobby and swiftly afterwards, a medical carriage—my attention was devoted to Holmes. His breathing had remained steady, pulse a reassuring staccato below my fingers that tethered me to calm. I would not leave his side even at the pressing of the ambulance men from St. Bart's.
“It is a stroke of true luck, my dear fellow,” Holmes said, grey eyes glittering. “See for yourself.” He reached into his jacket and extended the paper to me, which I unfolded without delay.
Mrs. Hudson entered with more tea, setting it down on the table before me, and I prepared the young inspector a cuppa as he continued to speak. “His work consisted in writing all the morning to the Professor’s dictation, and he usually spent the evening hunting up references and passages which bore upon the next day’s work. He would also transcribe the man’s notes, for his eyesight is failing in his age. Now, this Willoughby Smith has nothing against him in character or history, neither as a boy at Uppingham or a young man at Cambridge—I have seen his testimonials, and from the first he was a decent, quiet, hardworking fellow, no weak spot in him at all.” Hopkins sighed heavily. “And yet this is the lad who met his death early this morning in the Professor’s study, under circumstances which can point only to murder.”
"Then how do you explain this? This game of yours?" My voice, despite myself, weakened in my throat, vocal chords straining under a cruel, invisible bow. "I cannot bear to be toyed with this way. I...I thought better of you. Of our friendship, at least."
“Watson,” he rasped. His hand tightened over mine with a fraction of the strength I knew him capable of, but it comforted me all the same. I released a sigh that had been locked inside of me since the moment I saw him lying unmoving in the street.
“Ah, thank you, Ms. Tarlton,” I said, redirecting her attention lest she mark his contemplation as anger towards herself. “Pray, is the master of the house feeling well enough to speak with us? It is to my understanding he ails poorly in this weather. As a doctor, perhaps I can provide some assistance.”
"Watson..."
“If I am right, we shall have our culprits, Watson,” he whispered. “I trust you have your service weapon, as always?” His face was craned close to mine, and our shoulders brushed together. I felt his presence like the warmth of a hearth, and my pulse quickened with excitement.
“Tell me the tale, Holmes,” I prodded kindly, his heavy gaze a weight on my heart. If I could not convince him now, then I would divert him.  “How the blazes did you know Coram had a hidden wife in the walls?”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, and this is my partner Doctor Watson. We are here on behalf of the police about the missing train.”
“No, I don’t,” Mr. Robinson said, scowling. “And frankly, I don’t care! My prototype is missing! This level of gross incompetence is completely unacceptable, and I will be suing the line
My guilt would not aid him now. I shoved away the pain and fear, seizing upon the instincts I had honed in the war and forcing them to the forefront. Holmes needed my focus, and damn it, he would have every scrap of it. Looking up frantically for passerby, I whipped my head back and forth, searching the darkness. The sound of laughter met my ears and I turned to see a man and a woman walking by, arm and arm, and I threw out my voice in a bellow.
Peter blinked rapidly, blanching. "Tell him? I-I couldn't—"
“All were deboarded save one compartment?” Holmes said, eyebrow raised. “Sir, me and my companion are looking into the...
Without a moment’s remorse, I unsaddled the man in a swift move, grasping his ankle and hoisting upwards. He squawked, pitching to the earth, and in moments I was astride and racing after the carriage like the devil’s hellhounds were on my trail. The horse heaved, breath high and thin under my desperate driving, and we wove around the tree-spattered curves, November wind spiriting the blood from my face and whatever warmth was left in my body with it.
I lifted my glass to my lips, pensive over a fiery swallow of brandy. “If you truly believe this is the safest option...” I said, and reluctantly nodded. “I trust your judgement, Holmes. But please...do be careful.” I gave him a look. “None of your usual risks—not without me.”
“The repair room—” I started, frowning, and he ignored me in favor of hustling us onward—with consideration to my cane, which I found myself relying on the moment we stepped outside of the station house into what had graduated from winter breeze to full-bellied gale. The world had darkened dramatically since we’d arrived to Chesterfield, the sky a stirring cauldron of dark grey and green clouds, and my clothes were plastered to my body in a wind that tugged at our scarves like invisible anchor-chain. Moving down the turnstile, thunder muttered in the distance as Holmes reached out to throw open the repair room’s barn doors.
"Until next time," Johann said, taking Peter's hand. "You are always welcome at the Circle."
His hand found the grip of his Webley and he swung round his arm, only to scream as I pulled my own trigger, firing a bullet directly into the muscle of his bicep.
“I see,” said Holmes. “I have then only one question for you, sir.  What do you imagine were the meaning of Mr. Smith’s final words?” My friend took a long draught from his cigarette, face unreadable through the smoke that curled languidly from his mouth.
“Has your brother been acting oddly recently? Did he seem upset, angry, or worried when last you saw him?”
“Be still,” I whispered, reaching for his hand and sliding grateful fingers between his. Deep, cinereal grey, color so unique it was tattooed upon the surface of my mind, reflected the warm candlelight. He blinked, wincing in pain, and those eyes turned dazedly upon me, pupils like drops of ink in smoke-soaked parchment.
“Very well,” he said, and I sighed with relief. Holmes lofted an eyebrow. “Until your colleague returns. But then I shall use my own methods, potential suitors or no.”
Abruptly, the fire in his words ebbed. "Then you and I found an understanding," he said. "You were proof I was not above such simple ties. That there was reward in connection, that I could find..." Holmes trailed off, and my heart hammered in my chest like a heavy door knocker. "A quality of life with another, vastly improved after a life of chosen solitude." A beat, and the aged pain in his eyes faded, replaced by something much more vivid. Something sharp and intense, pried open and lain painfully bare. I stood transfixed by him, staring like a man catching a glimpse of something secret, not meant to be observed by idle eyes.
