(the three preceding stories are “Scandal in Bohemia,” “Red-Headed League,” and “A Case of Identity”). But in the Granada adaptation, we’ve already seen Holmes dispensing his own definition of justice to numerous murderers, either as vengeance (“Speckled Band,” “Greek Interpreter”) or as mercy ( “Abbey Grange,” “Devil’s Foot”). Similarly, “Boscombe” is set pretty soon after Watson’s marriage to Mary, and written at a time when Doyle was still attempting to acknowledge Mary and the marriage ("Boscombe Valley” begins with Watson and Mary actually talking to each other, instead of, say, a couple lines about how Mary is off visiting her mother even though she’s an orphan), whereas in the Granada series, by the time “Boscombe Valley” happens, Holmes and Watson have been living together for years and we know that Watson doesn’t marry Mary.
The investigation itself is, as I said, entertaining, and yet I did start to kind of get impatient with the way Bowen kept taking short cuts. There’s a lot less actual tracking, and a lot more stumbling across things. Instead of tracking down Heidegger’s body, Holmes finds it by following the crows; OK, points for atmosphere. Instead of tracking the patched-tire bicycle to the “squalid inn,” they go there because–of course–Watson’s hungry, and it’s the only place for lunch. And here…I know it will disappoint, but honestly, although I like Hardwicke fine, in these more recent episodes I find I do really miss Burke. I just can’t help wishing I were watching him instead. Sorry, Hardwicke fans. You never forget your first, I guess.
in which the writer (who goes by the name of Darren) argues that its plot is a metaphor for the show’s third-season crisis:
It was an uncanny moment. It’s like having someone work in the next cubicle over for five years and you sort of chat once in a while but don’t really talk and then all of a sudden you discover one day that you were actually friends with her in kindergarten. It’s freaky.
. It’s established in the King’s first interview that Irene Adler is not really a blackmailer in the ordinary sense of the word; the King has tried to buy the photograph but she won’t sell it. What she wants is for him to marry her and not someone else. As soon as she doesn’t want that any more, she’s done. In this adaptation, they underline that by showing her tossing The Photograph from the deck of the ship in which she and Godfrey are sailing for the Continent, like Rose throwing away the Heart of the Ocean.
And then there’s the scene at the restaurant, which is a great moment for Hardwicke’s Watson. Burke would have approached the whole burglary thing very differently. Breaking into the house of a dangerous German spy who most likely murdered the last guy who came to his house uninvited and then dumped his body on the roof of a moving train? Sign me up! Can we start now? But Hardwicke’s Watson is more understated, less starry-eyed, concerned about his friend’s tendency to take the law into his own hands, and definitely starting to wonder whether he’s getting too old for this shit. So it’s more fun to watch Hardwicke’s Watson walking into a restaurant carrying a bag of burglar’s tools and CLEARLY none too happy about it; and it also means more, to us and to Holmes, when he finally caves and agrees to come along on this insane joyride. No matter how long they’ve been doing this together, Brett’s Holmes is always just a little anxious whenever he asks Watson if he wants to come along, and he’s always so genuinely pleased when Watson says yes. It’s like it’s their first date, every time. And a burglary first date is, apparently, the best kind. Holmes is so happy when he’s breaking into other people’s houses with Watson at his side. It’s very sweet. And perhaps a little bit kinky.
Yes, my friends, that’s Jude Law, future Watson to Downey’s Holmes, future Bosie to Fry’s Wilde, playing the very attractive stable lad who is inveigled by SIr Robert and Carrie into impersonating Lady Beatrice–and who is Dramatically Unveiled by Holmes:
So you can’t begrudge him a little drama at the end, once he’s figured out what’s really going on–although I do think there is evidence accumulating here to support the theory that Holmes is a bit of a pyromaniac. But here again, this is one of my favorite Brett moments. Holmes, as the director of this ad hoc amateur theatrical company, is so very disappointed by his cast after the first very half-assed shout of fire. “We can do better than that,” he says, stabbing them all to the heart with his disappointment; and they do. And out comes Oldacre, and Lestrade is flabbergasted.
Still the peacock of this firm, even if the plumage is more subdued…and then this weird moment when Holmes, after objecting to the mini-Christmas tree, decides to decorate his lab equipment:
That’s the real reason he’s so happy to see that Watson is starting to look for evidence of McCarthy’s innocence: it shows him that Holmes’s plan to use his expert testimony to destroy the prosecution’s case against McCarthy
I am over-reading, perhaps; but it appears to me that Holmes has had some kind of unexpected response to witnessing all this and is trying to understand what it means. He’s always considered love an “extra,” something he didn’t need and didn’t want; now suddenly the extras look to him like proof of the goodness of life. Maybe that’s why his parting message to Watson that night is so plaintive. And maybe the touch is one of the things that’s puzzling him. His snub of the king of Bohemia is obviously personal. But it seems to me like he’s trying to negotiate his way out of Percy’s handshake partly because he just doesn’t like casual touching. Maybe he’s reconsidering the role touch might one day play in his life.
.  And now, let me favor you with my thoughts upon re-viewing the episode that introduced Jeremy Brett’s Holmes and David Burke’s Watson to a soon-to-be adoring public: “A Scandal In Bohemia.”
It’s not as warm and cuddly as “The Blue Carbuncle;” it’s not as creepy as “The Speckled Band.” But “Norwood Builder” has always been one of my favorites, and it’s because it marks, to me, a significant change in Holmes and Watson’s relationship. In ACD canon, the catalyst for this change is really the Return; “Norwood Builder” is the first story set and published after “The Empty House.” As I’ve said many times before, the stories in
Holmes is never for a moment under the illusion that he’s on the side of the angels in this case. He is engaged in the cynical exercise of helping someone with a lot of power and money cover his ass, at the expense of a woman armed only with her wit and charm. One of tne of the most enjoyable things about Brett’s performance in this episode is how consistently he telegraphs Holmes’s contempt for his own client. The consultation scene is fantastic in that regard. Watson, once he finds out that the client is a King, starts trying to do all the royalty protocols; Holmes pointedly doesn’t give a shit. The King wants to wear a mask and call himself the Count von Kramm; Holmes addresses him as “your Majesty.” The King doesn’t want Watson there; Holmes tells him “it is both or none.” He mentions that the King has “killed four opponents” in duels; the King says “All of them honorably;” Holmes just laughs. I particularly love the moment when Holmes is running through all the reasons why this isn’t really a problem, and the King is responding to them. At first Holmes is dismissive; then, as he starts to realize the King hasn’t told him everything, you see Brett leaning forward with the gleam in his eye, gesturing impatiently at him,
In fact, the Granada team often had trouble getting an hour’s worth of TV out of a single story without padding it or introducing laughably extraneous “action” sequences like the train chase at the end of “Greek Interpreter” (more on that in its own good time). But the better scripts were able to seize Doyle’s missed opportunities and add nuance and development that Doyle didn’t have the time for. “A Scandal in Bohemia,” since it’s the introductory episode, has plenty of work to do, so it keeps the pace up pretty well. Even better, it invests most of the extra time in character development, which is the real strength of the Granada project. Granada’s production values were pretty good (at the time) for heritage TV–but they don’t stand up that well in the twenty-first century. There is also some unevenness in the acting. Holmes, Watson, and Mrs. Hudson are all fantastic all the time. The guest stars are a mixed bag. Wolf Kahler–charitably described on IMDB as “a German-born character actor–is underwhelming as the King of Bohemia, and although Gayle Hunnicutt is lovely as Irene Adler, she’s not really as good as the part they wrote for her.
about it as much as you’d have to in order to find the second half of this episode compelling. Similarly, it’s hard to get a modern audience really anxious about the identity of the “monster” mystery beast whose prints are found at the scene. It’s from India. It’s a mongoose. So what.
But in all other respects, the adaptation sustains a much closer intimacy between the two principals than the canon story does. I mean I was watching the opening teaser thinking, hm, I wonder if they’re really going to do the Turkish bath thing or not…
And that’s the problem with the canon story: the solution is telegraphed pretty clearly pretty early (especially for readers who have seen
Holmes at once fixed his sharp eyes upon me. His hand, automatically moving to light the pipe, had arrested itself mid-gesture. The end of the spill burned, unattended, in midair.
in a rowboat like some idiot who’s never been on the water. And I have to believe that this bit of Freudian camerwork was appreciated even more lustily by the young Mark Gatiss than it is by Cranky Old Plaidder. I would go so far as to say that we might be looking at the origins of
return, I could not help think of this adaptation as a really interesting example of how you can center a heterosexual relationship and a female character in a narrative without abjecting the queer characters who share it. Which is a thing that some more modern adapters have abjectly failed to do, naming no Moffats or Gatisses. In “Abbey Grange,” the fact that Holmes winds up playing fairy godmother to a different Mary and a different John (no lie, that is the name that “Jack” is a diminutive of) in no way erodes his own autonomy and dignity, and ultimately both strengthens and complicates his bond with Watson.
” and I came to appreciate it more. It’s a very modern situation, in a way–a young boy sent to school, largely to protect him from trouble at home, is nevertheless drawn into his parents’ mess, and nearly destroyed in the crossfire. What struck me most forcibly when I returned to it was the poignancy of a nine year old boy thinking that he was taking matters into his own hands–sneaking out of school hoping to be reunited with his mother–and discovering the hard way that he’s no match for a malicious adult. But the ACD story is not really that interested in young Lord Saltire as a character; he never speaks, and Holmes and Watson never interact with him. I thought this might be a story that would be improved by expansion and dramatization. And I was not wrong. “Priory School” is very entertaining, with a lot of action, interesting locations, and–in addition to some great scenes from Holmes–the added amusement of seeing Holmes and Watson on horseback and bicycle. There is also an attempt at some artistry on the part of the director, which I always appreciate.
And yet, at the same time, Holmes is also wrong. He realizes that after the debacle at the bank: by trying to save Lady Frances from the trap he foresees, he’s actually pushed her into it. After all, think about what she sees when she looks over the balcony. Green is tearing into Watson; the police are all over them; and while her one protector is unable to assist, a man she’s never met before goes charging up the stairs after her. Of course she runs. She doesn’t know Holmes from Adam; all she knows is that he’s with Green and he wants to grab her.
. The precautions he tells Watson to take, so the theory goes, are just enough to give the ruse some credibility; Holmes always intended Moriarty to follow him, and the trip draws him deeper and deeper into the wilderness, where it will be easier for Holmes to get to him. This seems too cold-blooded and calculating to me, so I’ve always opted for a simpler fan theory: Holmes knows he’s going to die, and he wants to spend his last days on holiday with Watson. That makes perfect sense to me.
Then there’s the fact that this story about people regressing to a simian state raises the specter of Victorian racism. Throughout the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, one of the most common tropes used to deny humanity to a specific group of people was to depict them as simian. Racist Victorian scientists and anthropologists posited Africans as the evolutionary link between apes and Causcasians, thus dehumanizing Africans and putting some distance between themselves and their nearest primate cousins. But really, I shouldn’t call this Victorian racism, because that shit is
Paul also emphasizes the fact that Isadora is Of A Certain Age, something with which Holmes consoles himself in the final conversation with Watson. Watson, as usual, is protesting the fact that she will face no consequences either for organizing his own beating or for her treatment of Douglas Maberley. Let me just say in passing that Maberley’s suffering is depicted in flashbacks in the most melodramatic and over-the-top way imaginable, as if the episode is deliberately trying to be as bad as Maberley’s terrible autobiographical novel must surely be. Paul ties Maberley’s death to the beating, so Holmes is not just “compounding a felony, as usual,” but letting go of an unresolved murder investigation. But Holmes is satisfied to know that he’s done Isadora Klein out of her last chance to be a Destroyer of Men: “Time is not on her side.” Knowing that he’s aging is more satisfying to him than any other revenge he could imagine.
“Mycroft left for Eton at thirteen,” I said, “and it was expected that I would go, too, when I was of age. But at seventeen Mycroft fell headlong into a love affair with another boy in his year. Such flings were more or less expected, but they were supposed to begin and end in the dormitories. My brother was never so half-hearted.
We had arranged in advance to stay the night at Ridling Thorpe before returning to London in the morning. After an excellent supper, we moved as a group to the library and elected Mrs Ronder to read aloud. Her voice and manner were eminently suited to public speaking, she having spent so many years addressing rowdy circus crowds from the center spotlight. The only blemish was that she did have to hold her book awkwardly close to succeed in reading it through her veil. She chose an American author in honour of our hostess, making her way through several eerie and macabre scribblings from that gothic oddity Edgar Allan Poe. (Mercifully, she avoided Dupin.) Mrs Cubitt was wholly unfamiliar with the works and seemed to find Mrs Ronder's performances very pleasantly bloodcurdling; she was full of exclamations and scooted ever closer to the edge of her seat as each tale unfolded. Watson, too, was thoroughly entranced, as he is by all great storytelling.
“I cannot promise myself yet; at least, not as confidently as you do,” Watson said. “But I would like to take the time to learn more of my heart.”
I sat still, in mute disbelief, as Moriarty took his leave. For a long stretch afterward, there was nothing on my mind but the sounds of the clock, the fire, and the creak of my own chair.
"Please keep in touch, if you can, Miss Sutherland," I added. "We would be very glad to know how you get on."
" His mouth pursed as he bit at the inside of his cheek. With a shake of his head, he leaned forward in his chair. "I think, perhaps, that I have something to tell you. Not with the intention of wounding you, although I know it will. I'm raising this only because I wish
It was a fair point. 'We must be careful not to presume too far, you're right. All we can do is write to her and ask.'
That practical tone of his—some nights it almost seemed I could catch hold of it, turning over the inflections in my palm like a well-worn pebble. 'I'm glad you were with me today,' I said.
And although the publicity had been somewhat mortifying for our friend, in the end it apparently paid.
The agitated raps he beat on the door of my surgery went unheard, for the maid had departed hours before. I was upstairs preparing for bed, the wind roaring outside my window. The winter had turned bitter in the closing month of the year, with snowdrifts piling up at such a pace that the city trains foundered on vanishing tracks, unable to advance or retreat. The streets were becoming impassible even for hardy cab horses, and nearly the whole of London was at a standstill. I had seen no patients in days, for such beastly weather put a stop to all cases save emergencies. Indeed, when I heard the faint cry of my name from the street below, I charged down the stairs and flung open the front door, expecting carnage.
"What concerns me more is your readiness to lie like a dog rather than concede the most trivial argument."
It broke my heart to see this proud lady crouching heart-sick on the ground after a day like this, tormenting herself with thoughts like those.
"Have you become engaged in my absence, then?" A new stain blotted the arm of my chair. I picked at it, then reached for the evening edition. It was stuffed in the beak of the taxidermied pelican Holmes had, for unfathomable reasons, set up in place of an end-table.
"A remarkable young lady," Holmes observed, promptly pasting the note into his index before it could get lost in the detritus of our shared study. I had completed my move back to Baker Street only the week before, and already the entirety of my belongings were half-submerged under his unending mess. "She seems to me to have a decided genius for our sort of work."
'Cubitt,' he said slowly, his finger hovering over the screaming headline from an old Norfolk gazette. 'Mrs Elsie Cubitt.'
We stared at each other, the apprehension in our eyes abruptly making allies of us. I shook my head, attempting to rally myself. "We'll just have to hope that matters haven't yet reached such a pass. I will pay a call to your headmaster
Those records he considered most private and precious went into the battered tin dispatch box locked away at Cox & Company. The rest he transferred, bit by bit, to our new home in the country. I began slowly to wind down my business in London, preparing for a bittersweet departure. I had been accustomed to consider my work as my greatest prize, and though I was prepared to exchange it for the sake of one greater, it nonetheless merited a long goodbye.
Watson rose early—all that country air apparently spread haleness like a contagion—and, true to his word, he had finished his breakfast and covered his half of the table with oversized folios by the time I straggled downstairs. While the majority of our memoranda were already in Sussex, my annotated indexes, full of newspaper clippings detailing names of note from every class and profession, maintained their tidy alphabetical line on the shelf beneath the weather station.
In the years I’d spent away from England, I had not so far been recognised, and since I was now publicly presumed dead, it had become all the more important to guard my privacy. I would return to my old life upon my own terms, or not at all.
The gentle pride in her voice was unmistakable, and I couldn't help but catch my breath to think what such a speech would mean to Holmes. My heart fluttered for him in great delight and no little concern. I lowered my eyes and covered my true reaction with a mild, approving smile.
I was pledged. Whatever answer he made me, his acknowledgment alone was a gift I had once despaired of; I would not underrate its worth.
“Monastery,” I said. “The medical school was founded in the thirteenth century. Although I must say, for such a long-lived institution, I fear its roster of memorable graduates is short.”
Well, I thought to myself: he's either a bean trap after money, or a lady's man out for a frisk. Probably married, probably bung-eyed on cheap cider. Once I made it clear he'd get neither cash nor fun from my boring, respectable self, I expected him to hedge off. But he stuck to me like a burr, and kept begging to call on me at home and take me walking. Well, you'll likely say it wasn't wise, and I can't contradict you, but he was a curious blab and I wanted to know what his game was. So I told him we could take a turn round the neighbourhood the next Monday. As soon as he got that promise out of me, he high-tailed it out. He always did hate crowds, and every time we met afterwards he'd go out of his way to avoid walking too near the other couples on the pavement. My theory is that he knew he couldn't count on everyone being as short-Sighted as me, and he didn't want to risk coming too close to people who might pick up the wrong stray thoughts from him and call him out."
in early May of 1891. Quite obviously, he will then call the police and recount all this, at which point I will be arrested and brought in for questioning. I will have no choice but to reveal the truth, either to the police or to a public court should the case advance so far. Either way, the Holmeses' most private and painful secrets
Deliberately unmethodical, most likely for the simple pleasure of winding me up, he had plucked out 'G,' 'L,' and 'S' to start with and made industrious notes whilst I demolished my eggs. Occasionally he would pause as some particular person came to mind whose advice or assistance might prove useful, and he would switch volumes to look them up before he lost the thread. Such an approach left a great deal to chance, but this was not, after all, a case in which efficiency seemed much more likely to succeed than serendipity.
“Yes,” Watson said. “Yes, that’s precisely what I want. Our old friendship, but with the chance of more, if more comes naturally. That’s what I came to France to ask of you.”
With the unfortunate exception of one criminal mastermind, you are the first person, Miss Sutherland, to have noticed within these methods the true engines that drove their design. Allow me to applaud you, for there is no other audience I could possibly value more highly."
After taking a few minutes to clean my instruments and store my samples, I took his arm and we strolled together to the small house I was renting on the Roue Fournarie. We spent the evening becoming gently re-acquainted and losing ourselves in circuitous, wide-ranging talk. Our desultory back-and-forths had been a staple of life at Baker Street, but had proved impossible to reproduce at a long distance.
By contrast, the move out of active casework opened new vistas for Watson in his role as chronicler and archivist. He was freshly determined to make duplicate copies of as much of his collection as his time and health would permit, and along the way he could set aside new rafts of material to write up for Dr Doyle and
"Not at all," I answered. He flitted his cup quickly back to its saucer to cover the slight flinch he couldn't repress
I ignored his choked sputter, turning my back and addressing my attentions to the grate. The embers from the day's fire had cooled to ash, and it would be too much trouble to light new coals at this hour. I dug into the kindling box and made due with a few armfuls of timber and newspaper. The sweet smell of maple smoke lingered on my sleeves.
"Forgive me," I said nonetheless, gritting my teeth. I had refused to hear the professor out before, to my cost, and the mistake was too fresh to repeat lightly. "Pray go on. Let me hear your reasons."
Moriarty stared hard at me for a long moment. Then he raised a finger, rose, and walked to my bookshelf, where my own novels held pride of place. "I know because you wrote it down, Dr. Watson. Right here."
I joined my efforts to his, though with the unavoidable sense that we were searching for a needle in a haystack. I hardly knew what to look for: a nurse, a benefactor, an employer, a companion? How might Mrs Ronder be lured into breaking the monotony of reclusion, and what could give her some relief, raise her spirits, or excite her interest? It seemed the height of arrogance to pretend that two strangers, however well-intentioned, could find any simple balm to the layers of injury she bore. Yet there was nothing to do but try.
"It is no crime at all to change one's clothes, or hairstyle, or any other aspect of appearance! No one owes it to anyone else to be recognised, and the police courts don't care what name I give out unless it's on a contract, a cheque, or a census. If you knew anything of the law, you wouldn't need me to tell you that."
he told me that, had he wished to start rumours along such lines, he could easily have done so years ago. I've begun to think better of him, but … why would he hoard such secrets if he means no harm? Does he … has he held back some proof for all these years; some trifle from your school days with which to make a nuisance?"
Price-Jones accepted this balderdash with an excitement and wonder quite humbling to behold. He seemed thrilled to be brought in on the secret, and assured me that Professor Moriarty could rely on his discretion. If any students or parents tried to raise an inquiry at the school, he would staunchly insist that a coincidence of names was no grounds upon which to persecute a well-established teacher with no stain upon his record. I thanked him from my heart for his invaluable assistance in this matter, and after making my farewells, succeeded in walking out of sight before slumping against the nearest wall in weak-kneed relief.
"It seems likely to me that he escalated his drug use in response to your marriage," Moriarty concluded, almost gently. "Within a few years, he reached ruinous levels. For his sake, as well as yours, I thought … I thought perhaps someone should tell you so.”
He was shaking badly, though whether more from cold or fury I could not say. He was a slight creature, Mr. Moriarty, and being now well north of fifty, seemed to feel the night's chill down to his bones. His bald head was at a level with my shoulder and the wind had chafed it red from pate to chin, his spectacles half frosted over. His coat hung shapelessly about him, its dusting of snowmelt beginning to drip on the floor. He wore a look of wounded outrage, and my hackles rose in answer.
Can you think of nothing else, no seminal event around that time that might have caused him distress? Distress enough to drive him to replace his diluted version of the drug with constant doses far more potent and obliterating?"
Below their signatures, a brief post-script had been added in Mrs Ronder's hand. 'I am glad that I took your advice, Mr Holmes.'
The snow had cleared considerably, and pale sunlight caught brightly at the icicles dripping from every cornice. I ushered him in. We retreated once more to my parlour, where
He was on his way as soon as I reassured him that it was safe to go home. We parted with stiff politeness and what I assumed was a mutual wish never to meet again.
And I know Sighted society likes to imagine that the pinnacle of romance is mutual immersion, the Marriage of Minds. And it can be a very marvelous thing; I've felt as much for myself. But in all the talk of losing ourselves in each other, it's easy to forget about equally romantic and essential things, like privacy. The honest fun to be had in differences of opinion and temperament. The kind of generosity that seeks to please, not for the sake of doubling echoed pleasure, but because satisfying someone else is beautiful all on its own. I suppose in the end, what I've learned is this: trusting the heart of the person beside you matters far more than Seeing it. Don't think you're cold, don't think you're empty. You're not; you're not lacking in anything."
“There’s a narrow peninsula beyond the coast; just a ribbon of sand, a few hundred meters offshore,” I told him. “It runs parallel to the mainland for miles. It’s a remarkable feeling, Watson, to stand on that narrow beach with calm inlets behind you and the endless sea ahead. I’ve seen something more of the world since we last parted, but I can’t recall another spot so steeped in
The good lady sat speechless for a long moment. Her face, wiped temporarily blank with astonishment, reanimated slowly as her eyes worked back and forth. I could see her thinking back on the stories of mine she'd so admired, sifting through them in this new light. "Good Lord," she muttered. She stood abruptly, hand curled around the frame of the chaise, and gave a strange, endearing little bow. "Why, Mr. Holmes…I can't say I've ever been paid a better compliment. I don't know what to say, except…except,
"'This reticence upon his part,'" she recited without warning, slowly repeating my damning prose from memory, "'had increased the somewhat inhuman effect which he produced upon me. Sometimes I found myself regarding him as an isolated phenomenon: a brain without a heart, as deficient in human sympathy as he was pre-eminent in intelligence.'"
"Oh, yes.” I paused, breathing deeply for a moment, knowing that if I began this story there would be no good place to end it. But Watson already knew the shape of this scar, at least in outline; I had no need to hide it. And the words were there, effortless to let go.
I'm sure you never intended it for such an audience, but the truth is, your work expanded my horizons. It's given me a greater sense of what I might achieve with attention and practice, and handed me tools to navigate those corners of life where accommodation is rarely made for me. So yes, I'm grateful for what I've learned; and yes, was eager to test my mettle when given opportunity."
'You've been so kind. Though it may seem strange to say so on such short acquaintance, this day has meant a great deal to me. I should be more than glad of your friendship, but I cannot take it on false pretenses.' Stepping back from the reading stand, she sank abruptly into the nearest chair with a visible shake in her shoulders. 'I think that I must make to you the same confession I have made to these gentlemen, so that you may judge the truth for yourself. The details are not terribly important, though you may have them if you wish. But what I should tell you is this: I'm not an innocent. There is blood on my hands.'
At half past five I washed out my flasks, finished my notes, and meandered over to the Jardin des Plantes across the street. It had become my habit to read my letters in the little English garden tucked away on the far side of the park, beside the lotus pond.
He weren't ashamed of me, either, even though I wouldn't have blamed him if he'd been disappointed his only child was a daughter, and rated a One at that. Once I was old enough to be tested and they ranked my Sight so low, my Mam went through it—she thought no decent lad or lass would ever take me for a proper wife and couldn't think what should become of me. But Papa always said so long as a lady kept her health and her wits about her, she'd do fine. He gave me a shot at keeping the books for the shop once my maths were up to scratch, and badgered me to train some skill for my hands. I sewed a load of rotten shirts before moving on to typing, which suited much better.
I nodded, unsurprised he'd read it all from me so easily. It was typhoid, not cholera, that had felled me in India, but the symptoms were so similar that experience of the one drudged up the trauma of the other. In such cases I could usually get by, focusing on my duty as a doctor, but this poor boy had been an Eight and too young to have developed any real control. In all my years of practice, I'd never been so loudly and brutally immersed into someone else's experience of desperate illness.
Her unusual stature, both broad and tall, contributed to the impression that here sailed a steamboat in a sea of dinghies.
, 1887. "Allow me to make you an inscription," he said as Miss Sutherland's eyes widened, lit with happy surprise. He passed by the title page of "A Study in Scarlet," rifled through the first pages of double-columned print until he spotted the bold subheading
It was a consolation that Watson thought my time researching here had been well-spent. Before coming to France, I had been adrift for too long, and a sense of shame lingered over those directionless years. Finding work worth doing had felt like stepping out of a mire and back onto solid ground.
"Neither, my dear, as the Queen is a child and her father would have been eighty-four last winter were he not ten years dead. Against such stiff competition, you've so far prevailed."
Rather to my surprise, once we explained our proposal to Mrs Ronder, it required only a little persistence to persuade her to agree to the journey. Knowing that she had lived so long in seclusion, we feared she might find the prospect of trains, crowds, and unfamiliar company too daunting a gauntlet to run. But her decisive actions in recent weeks—making a long-withheld confession, separating herself from the means of suicide—had nourished a fragile spring of resolution within her. She had no objection to making Mrs Cubitt's acquaintance; on the contrary, she was prepared to take hold of any hand extended to her.
"Now, now, don't be a sore loser, Watson," he chided, balling up the paper and tossing it past the reach of verification—that is, straight into the fire. "I'm sure the reminder of how fruitless it is to wager will do you much good."
I didn't take kindly to the suggestion. For a long time, I resisted it entirely. But it was plain that without help, I would never untangle any of the old, awful mess, and I
Miss Sutherland called upon us a few weeks later. She was insistent on paying Holmes a reasonable fee for his services, but the greater favour she paid us was in confirming that her step-father had been summarily fired from his place of work and that her mother was suing for divorce. Given the popular furor over the case, she seemed likely to succeed in her suit.
"Oh, this trinket? Merely a token of appreciation from the Dutch royals. They called upon me not long ago—or rather, their representative did—in regard to a delicate problem."
Even after all my wandering, I had not many more answers now than I’d had to begin with. But I did, at least, have a fresh letter to read. I drew the envelope from my pocket, and a light breeze rustled through the tall cedars behind me as I unfolded the single sheet within.
An hour later he emerged to join me for a supremely awkward luncheon, and I gave him a more thorough account of my conversation with Price-Jones. The atmosphere between us settled into one of tentative truce.
The look of chagrin on his face momentarily alarmed me, but he shook his head wryly and waved me back to my chair. “This will be a long story, and you shall have the whole of it presently.” He leaned over to place his hand on mine, his expression a queer mixture of concern, solicitousness, and mortification. “But I’m afraid the most honest answer is: I had the help of your evil genius.”
and little enough justice at that. Furthermore, let us be clear: this is not about your affair with Mrs. Holmes."
It was five minutes before his quick steps crossed from the atrium into the lab. I rose, and we shook hands, the both of us brimming with suppressed excitement. He was clean shaven
He trusted me to keep his secrets, and that trust was sacred. I refused to risk turning attention his way with even so much as an incautious glance.
He opened his mouth to object, but I cut him off. "If a hint of shame and a trace of suspicion dog your footsteps from now on, it is no more than justice
I rounded on him, and he shrank back before me. "You abandoned every one of the innocent people who had a right to depend on you. I despise your cowardice, I despise your selfishness, and I despise your success in escaping the trail of destruction you left behind, partaking in none of that suffering which has haunted my dearest friend. His family was destroyed; he was left with permanent injuries of heart, mind, and spirit. In grappling with that pain, he set himself upon a path that nearly cost him both life and sanity!" My chest was heaving, and my voice had risen almost to a shout. I forced myself to still the anger trembling in my hands. "In every conversation we've ever had, you have had the gall to act hard done by. But tell me, sir, what exactly have your mistakes ever cost
It was what Ellie secretly hoped for every time they had a patient. Just like Sherlock Holmes once said, “Life is infinitely stranger than the mind of man could invent.” This quote only rung true for her when she joined Sigmund Corp. She would never admit to be a nosy person, but she actually was a very nosy person. And the lives of real people were so much more interesting than anything she could read in books or see on the telly.
Sherlock stood there, holding baby Rosie, saying something that only the two of them understood. John strode into the room, carrying bags of shopping which he dumped on the table before he stalked over to Sherlock and Rosie, exchanging kisses with both of them.
“Rosie, please promise me something. Life is too short to regret anything. No chance lasts forever. Promise me to take every chance you get, before it’s gone. Can you do that for me?”
Watson looked up at Holmes with big eyes. Holmes raked his eyes over his face, and if Ellie wasn’t mistaken, he looked rather sad. Like he wanted to remember every part of Watson’s face as closely as possible.
“I’ve always known that they loved each other,” Rosie said, not looking away from the sunrise in front of her.
Holmes kept smiling brightly at Rosie, and suddenly, Ellie and Katsuki were hit by a wave of affection so strong, Ellie felt like crying from its sheer bitter sweetness. Katsuki actually swayed on his feet, and they both turned around to see Watson standing there, paper bag in one hand, fighting away the tears in his eyes.
Ellie couldn’t exactly make out what it was. It seemed like a small package. But what she did know was that they had just spotted their next memento.
Watson didn’t say anything. He began to sway, then let himself sag back into the chair right behind him.
“He deserved it,” Rosie said, still not looking at her father. “He’s mean to everyone. He’s a bully.”
Ellie quirked an eyebrow at him. “I don’t know why that is so interesting.” Katsuki just grinned and shrugged.
They stood there in silence, and Ellie and Katsuki looked around awkwardly. Was this the end already? Had they missed the memento?
“I’m sorry,” Katsuki said. “But Sherlock Holmes was one of the most intelligent people on this planet! How could he not pick up on this?”
Rosie smiled at both of them, then turned and walked over to sit in the passenger’s seat. As soon as the door was closed, the car moved out of the parking lot, turned a corner, and was gone.
“He didn’t want to go to a hospital,” she said, gripping the door handle but looked back at them anxiously. “I hope this isn’t inconvenient?”
They both looked at each other. Holmes’s face was set. Watson studied him, and soon enough the smile faded from his face. Something awkward was lying between them. Ellie thought if she had a knife, she might be able to cut the space between Holmes and Watson into tiny, palatable pieces.
There was a shocked pause. Ellie really didn’t know how to handle that information. She’d rather wished Rosie hadn’t just said that; but on the other hand, this might be the information they needed to finally do their job. And Ellie was starting to get desperate to get this over with.
Rosie sighed. Watson straightened up and moved quickly to walk towards the car. Rosie, Ellie and Katsuki followed.
Watson was standing there, starring down at the name, clutching his cane. The air was thick, and it seemed hard to breathe. Ellie and Katsuki exchanged glances and decided with a nod to pay tribute to a magnificent person, even though it was just in the mind of someone else, even though this person didn’t even know they were invading his memories.
Then Holmes suddenly stood up and walked over to the coat rack and fumbled with his coat. “Rosie forgot this the other day,” he said, walking back over to the sofa, handing Watson a small plush toy. “I thought she might need it.”
“Doctor Watson was particularly adamant that the contents of this envelope went directly to the people in charge of his wish.” He slid the envelope over to Katsuki, who took it tentatively, but didn’t open it. Instead, he stared at it with wide eyes. Montgomery folded his hands on the table and waited. Ellie glanced at Katsuki’s profile. Of course he would choose this exact moment to question whether this had been a good idea.
It was like the air compressed in this small frame of time was suddenly released, and John gaped up at Sherlock.
“Your father’s last wish,” Ellie said. “We thought you might be able to make something of this.” She looked at her watch. “And I really don’t want to say this, but we might need to hurry. The procedure itself will take a while, and we need to start as soon as possible before...” Ellie didn’t finish the sentence, just let it hang in the air.
“Hear me out. Rosie, I want you to know that, whatever you do, I will always love you, and I implore you to live your life to the fullest, take every chance you get, and don’t regret anything. Because even if your father is still mad at me, I don’t regret becoming his wife, and your mother.
“Your father will be back any minute,” Holmes said, staring back with equally big eyes at the tiny Rosie in front of him. “So don’t be afraid.”
Katsuki sat at the little table, and Ellie sat on a chair right next to him, holding the helmets they would wear. They had already put the third one on Doctor Watson. Rosie hadn’t looked all too happy about it. She was sitting on her chair looking more worried than before.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. Holmes didn’t look away from his phone. Katsuki, who was standing right behind him, started to wave frantically at the phone.
“Of course I do,” Mycroft said and walked over to Holmes who had just slipped into his coat and snatched the mobile out of his hands.
“Oh,” Watson said. His eyes fell from Holmes’s face. He was fumbling for words. “Right,” he said, leaning forward. Holmes took a step back and looked at the painting on the wall just behind Watson’s head.
They were back at the flat again. The phone was lying on the table right next to a chair Holmes was sitting in, his hands steepled beneath his chin. His eyes were closed.
The kitchen was small, but cosy, and they could look right into the garden from where they sat down at the kitchen table. Montgomery placed his briefcase on the table and started to rummage through it, producing an envelope. He placed it on the table in front of him, shoving his briefcase away with one hand. The envelope was sealed.
Ellie stepped up to her and placed a hand on her shoulder. “He loved you very much,” she said. Rosie gave her a small smile, her big green eyes shining with fresh tears.
At last, Ellie let go of Katsuki’s hand and turned towards one of the bookshelves. “So, have you seen anything yet?” she asked, testing one of the spines with her finger. Katsuki turned towards the window, his eyes scanning the walls there.
Holmes hadn’t sat down again, but instead folded his hands behind his back and looked down at Watson with a somewhat uncomfortable look. Watson gave him an amused look in return.
Ellie and Katsuki were standing in the same living room, with Rosie standing right in front of them. She was holding the package. She had opened it and was looking at a CD case. Her brows were furrowed as she was reading the inscription.
This must have been only a few days ago, but Rosie looked younger than she did now, and she was glowing, the brightest thing in the room. Her eyes were filled with tears.
Ellie wasn’t sure how long they should wait. She didn’t even know what the next memento was. It was not the gravestone. And she was certain it wasn’t the walking cane. However, there was little else besides the man standing right next to her, looking tired and withered, his grey hair too long and falling into his eyes.
Ellie looked around. Everything was just as vivid and bright as the last time. Again, Holmes looked so much younger than he should have been. And he glowed. He looked like a Greek god, clad in a silky blue dressing gown.
Ellie gave a disbelieving huff, but Katsuki ignored her. “We need to talk to Miss Watson,” he said, standing up. Ellie wasn’t at all convinced that this was what Doctor Watson had intended for them to do, but she guessed that they wouldn’t lose anything by talking to his daughter. Katsuki took the letter and stalked out of the room, and Ellie and Montgomery scrambled up to follow him.
“Sherlock,” Watson said, and Ellie snapped her head around. Her heart began to ache at the simple word. It seemed to carry so much more.
Holmes looked like he had been caught, but tried to hide it with a shrug. “Who knows? Could be interesting.”
“That’s the last thing he said. That he loved your mother. And Sherlock Holmes. And that he doesn’t want you to hate him for that.”
Holmes suddenly turned around and grabbed the little plush toy sitting on the table. “Look what I got for you,” he said, bobbing the bee in front of Rosie’s eyes. She followed the movement, her tiny fist slowly falling from her mouth.
Watson was still suspicious, Ellie could feel that, but he seemed to let it slip for some reason and just nodded. “Shall I come with you?”
Holmes swished the bee from one side to the other, and Rosie’s gaze followed it. Holmes repeated this, but added a buzzing sound fitting the movement. The corners of Rosie’s mouth quirked up ever so slightly, and Holmes seemed to relax somewhat. He repeated the game a few times, with Rosie smiling faintly and gazing all the while at the little plush toy.
Rosie’s eyes went wide. They both went silent, starring at each other. It seemed like an eternity before Rosie spoke up, “How…?”
Rosie leaned back in her seat, gazing into nothingness, while recalling her life with two of the greatest men of their age.
She stopped right behind Watson’s chair, which was opposite Holmes and the other man, and next to Rosie’s. They were all eating in silence, the only sound the occasional awkward clatter of cutlery against plates.
They were silent for a moment. “Maybe Miss Watson knows something?” Katsuki said hopefully. He glanced over at Mister Montgomery, who was looking rather unhappy. “We are allowed to discuss this matter with her?”
Right at that moment, the atmosphere darkened, and the sadness suddenly crashed down on them like a tsunami.
“Will you please tell me why you did this? I know you don’t go around doing this for fun. Which doesn’t mean there is any good reason to go around punching people in the face.”
“This is too cute,” Katsuki said, laughing, putting his hands over his eyes. Ellie put a hand on his shoulder and laughed along.
Ellie’s eyebrows shot up in to her hairline. Wordlessly, she handed the letter over to Katsuki, then took the envelope and peered into it, wondering whether they had missed another piece of paper. In the meantime, Katsuki had finished reading the letter himself, and starred up at Montgomery in dismay.
“That’s it!” Ellie exclaimed, turning around to look at Katsuki. His eyes were bright in a way that told her that he had seen it, too.
After a long pause, Montgomery finally said, “I suppose this needs more investigation than any of us had anticipated.”
Ellie stood on the porch, taking a long drag from a cigarette. She looked out at the forest just behind the gardens. The sun was rising; the tips of the trees were tinged with orange. The air was still cold from the night before, but the promise of a warm summer’s day was whispered through the trees bobbing softly in the wind.
Silence ensued. Holmes just starred at Rosie, who was very good at holding his gaze. She had her chin up and her arms folded defiantly in front of her.
When Watson took his last breath, Rosie hadn’t cried. Her eyes were red, but she had no tears left. Doctor Swift had removed the operational helmet and covered his face, then led Rosie out of the room. Ellie and Katsuki had silently stowed away their equipment. Katsuki had offered to settle everything with Rosie. Ellie had to wait until the paperwork was done before they could leave.
Watson chuckled, then sat next to Holmes. “But seriously, Sherlock, stop bringing her presents every time you come over. Especially something like that.”
Ellie looked from Watson to Holmes, and somehow, she had and uneasy feeling. Katsuki had walked over to the bookshelf, looking at the books and knickknacks.
Watson was the one to break the silence. “Well, I’m sure he just loves to see you.” He stepped forward and picked up the magnifying glass. “He surely gets you way too many presents.”
Ellie looked up at Katsuki, brows furrowed. “This is unusual,” she said. Katsuki just shrugged, and looked down at the sleeping figure of John Watson.
Ellie had never seen Sherlock Holmes in person, but she instinctively knew that the man illuminated by the lamps behind the windows was no other than the great detective himself. He was dressed in a smart but simple suit, his hands folded behind his back. He was staring at something down in the streets.
Katsuki had turned around, too, his brows furrowed in confusion. “Oh,” he said, then looked back at Holmes. “Well, that explains one thing, but somehow it doesn’t explain why Holmes is unaware of Watson’s presence.”
Ellie couldn’t say she would be either, but she had the distinct feeling that this room seemed grander than it had been in reality.
“So, this means that ‘the truth,’ as your father put it, is that he is in love with Sherlock Holmes?” Ellie asked. Rosie nodded.
Holmes was still looking at Watson questioningly, but Watson didn’t say anything. He was unable to say anything.
“I had a fun childhood. I learned so much from both. Even though they often got themselves into a lot of trouble, and I was often scared for them, I still loved them.” She shook her head. “I’m getting side-tracked, sorry.”
“And there is also one request I have,” she said, and she looked up at the camera again. “Please take care of your father. He would never admit it, but he is a very lonely person. He never asks for help. Please take care of him, for me.”
“He wasn’t mean to me,” she started, but the rest of the sentence was so quiet that they couldn’t catch it.
“Please forgive me, Rosie. I know it has only been a short time we had together, but believe me when I say that I still love you with all my heart, and that I am still with you.”
Holmes just gave a disbelieving laugh. “I don’t know what you could be unto,” he said. “You still have to learn a lot.”
Just as they turned to walk into the sunlight, the light blinding out everything for a moment, John and Sherlock were back at Backer Street, sitting in their respective chairs, drinking tea. John was skimming the newspapers.
“Then you are only saying half the truth,” she said, fixing Holmes with a stern glare. “I know you are here to see daddy more than you are here to see me.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Maybe.” He folded his hands under his chin and looked at John from under his lashes. “And it would leave me more time with you, wouldn’t it?”
Ellie realised that this was something that Watson could have never actually remembered; the secret watching. However, she guessed that as a private detective Holmes used to always watch people, taking in every detail, making mental notes and deducing what they had for lunch or what they were up to by how their shoes were laced. It must have been so natural to Holmes that Watson imagined him doing this all the time. But Ellie didn’t believe that this was quite accurate. Maybe this was the face Holmes had when he watched strangers, but Ellie had watched, in every memory they had been so far, that Holmes tended to switch his facial expression completely when Watson looked at him. It was a change as night from day; when Watson wasn’t looking, Holmes’s face became strange, but familiar in a sense that made one feel at home. Then, when Watson actually saw Holmes, it was like he became another man. A man who cared for the person in front of him very deeply.
They didn’t say anything for a while, just stared at each other. She was battling with that part of her that didn’t want to expose him to potential harm, and that part of her that would do anything for him.
Suddenly, Holmes jammed his phone into his pocket and took two long strides across the room to stand in front of Watson, gripping him by the shoulders. Watson looked up in surprise. Ellie and Katsuki froze in their seats, too surprised by the sudden motion to move.
Watson had retrieved several more books but had apparently realized that this was a pointless task, as he turned to look at Holmes. He walked over to him when Holmes bent down to pick up the animal skull. Watson had spotted a pair of headphones lying on the floor just under Ellie’s feet, and she jumped aside as he grabbed them. She knew this was a completely pointless move, but she simply couldn’t help it, no matter how many times she stood in someone’s memories unseen.
She stomped her foot down with an angry cry. Watson seemed to be frozen in place. He was just as put off by her outburst as were Ellie and Katsuki.
Sherlock was the brightest thing in the entire world; he was the most important person in John’s life. And he had nearly lost him.
Behind them, they could hear clatter on the stairs; Sherlock and John were carrying down boxes, with Rosie following close behind, ticking of a mental list.
Ellie felt the pull of the memories. She closed her eyes, the colours bursting behind them, swirling and shifting, until she was swept back into Watson’s memories. This time, though, it felt like she watched a movie played in her head, fast forwarded and only slowed down at certain points.
Ellie wasn’t all too sure what had happened here, but seeing the destruction and the blackened carpet, she guessed there had been an explosion. It didn’t strike her as farfetched; Watson and Holmes had lived dangerous lives. She was just surprised that the flat wasn’t sporting a gaping whole. She was also unsure how everything seemed to be destroyed to the point that it couldn’t be salvaged, but the chairs seemed unscathed.
“I hope so,” he said. “I’d rather keep everything else as personal as possible for him.” He heaved a heavy sigh then. He looked very tired. “But I don’t think it’ll be possible. Just like any other time. We never manage to handle this as clinically as we wish to.” They went silent again.
They approached the small group and found that it was Watson, Holmes, and Rosie sitting there, but also a third man Ellie didn’t recognize. He seemed older than Holmes or Watson; his nose was rather prominent; long and straight, which made him look like a hawk. He seemed to look through everything and everyone. It was rather disconcerting.
They had found the memory. Ellie was sure of it. For the time being, Katsuki had disconnected them from Watson’s memories. Ellie was blinking against the lights. It was dark outside, but it had been like this already when they drove over to the house; it was difficult to say how long they had been here. She could turn around and ask Rosie about it, but she and Katsuki had long ago agreed that they shouldn’t talk to any relatives before their job was done. They had cases were they had been held up with too many questions for so long they had almost lost the patient without initiating their wish.
Watson stared down at his mug, but didn’t say anything. Rosie sighed, stood up, and walked around the chair. She picked up the violin, and plucked the strings with her fingers.
Rosie was too speechless to say anything, and her father placed his hands on her shoulders and shook her. “Promise me!”
The colours shifted, the flat around them bend and twisted into the flat they knew, illuminated by their halo.
“So Holmes had a brother,” Katsuki said. He sounded like he just found out that Santa was actually real.
They had to go back one last time. They had to make sure everything was going fine. Keep the desire in check.
“I’m really proud of you, Rosie,” Watson said, and she looked up at him, beaming. Right at that moment, she looked a lot younger than she was a minute ago.
Ellie managed to calm herself down. She looked up at Katsuki, and his eyes weren’t exactly dry, either. He wiped his hand over his eyes, embarrassed, and let go of Ellie.
“Lestrade wants us at the morgue,” he said, and Watson looked up. “A man has been found drowned in his own bed.”
They stood there in silence, watching the sky turn brighter, the first rays of sun crawling over the treetops and hitting their faces.
Holmes put down his own cutlery and dabbed at his mouth with a napkin. “How’s the diet going?” Watson and Rosie grinned, but didn’t look up from their food.
Watson gave her a weak smile. “Rosie, I’m a doctor, and I know when someone’s a lost cause,” he said, reaching out to wipe the tears from her face. “But that’s okay, sweetheart. It is what it is.” Rosie shook her head, and her eyes became furious.
And then there was the heartbeat, fast and excited; Ellie wished Watson just had been braver. It would have saved him a lot of heartache. The heartache that she could feel piercing through her own heart like a needle wrenched into the sinews.
“Do you remember when I told you that you should take any chance you get at romantic entanglement? That your chance doesn’t last forever? That it’ll be gone before you know it?”
“But that means,” Katsuki said, finally realizing the dilemma, “that your father will forget that you ever existed.” He heaved a sigh, leaning back in his chair and raising his hands to rub at his temples.
“Just trying to make conversation,” Holmes said. His eyes met Watson’s and they grinned at each other. Rosie actually laughed out loud at this.
Watson stared at her. Rosie stared at the floor. Then his hand came up to his temples, and he gave another heavy sigh. “It’s Sherlock.”
“Don’t know,” Watson said, sipping from a cup of tea that he definitely didn’t have a minute ago. “I think he went off to Scotland Yard to pick up some fingers or something.”
“Disabling vision and sound,” Katsuki said, and Ellie heard his voice as if he had crawled right into her head. She swallowed, hard, then blinked away the colours still swirling behind her eyes.
“Dad?” she said again, looking up, right through Katsuki. They turned around and saw Watson sitting on the sofa, reading the newspaper.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” she sighed. He smiled at her and buckled himself up, putting the file into the glove compartment. She gave him a sidelong glance and turned the keys. She would definitely regret this. But for now, she has to compose herself; emotions weren’t exactly an advantage in her profession.
Ellie and Katsuki found themselves in exactly the same spot. This time, however, their eyes fell immediately on a much younger Rosie sitting on the sofa, looking very angry. She had her arms crossed, staring down at the floor. She was completely ignoring her father, who was applying a glittery pink band aid to her cheek. He looked even crosser than his daughter.
“Then why don’t you just text it to Lestrade? I know you don’t go up to the morgue if it isn’t something ‘interesting’,” Watson said. He had turned around to face Holmes, making little air quotes at the last word.
They watched as Holmes slowly turned around. Ellie now saw that he was holding an umbrella. He definitely wasn’t holding it before.
She stood in front of Holmes, who was sitting on the sofa in Watson’s sitting room. He quirked one eyebrow at her.
“And there is also one request that I have,” Mary said, and a mischievous smile spread across her face. “Tell your father that I’ve always know he would end up at Baker Street. And please, take good care of him, and Sherlock.”
They descended the stairs, and just as they disappeared behind the bend, there was shouting and clapping from all around, and there was Rosie, embracing both Sherlock and John, with the biggest smile painted across her face. She was wearing her brand new police uniform, the badge glinting in the late summer sun. Sherlock made a derisive remark about the police force in general, but he couldn’t fool neither John nor Rosie that he couldn’t be prouder of her at that moment.
“I know I am sixteen years late, and I’m sorry for this. Forgive me.” She stopped, looked away from the camera, checking herself. When she looked up, she was smiling again.
“I absolutely agree,” Katsuki said fiercely. “Besides, if we implement the wish too early, it might not turn out the way we want it to.”
“I know,” Doctor Swift said, her voice soothing. “Trust me, no one is ever prepared for death. But that’s okay.”
Rosie gazed at both of them, then her eyes sank down to look at her father. “I know,” she sighed. “It just feels...wrong. To let him go with memories of something that never happened.”
Ellie moved to look at it. Katsuki put down the equipment with a bang. Ellie turned to glare at him.
Katsuki and Ellie exchanged confused looks, but Rosie explained, “He left a letter with the solicitor explaining his wish.” She looked at the clock just above the door. “He should arrive any minute.”
Watson’s smile fell from his face. “I know,” he said, turning his head to look into the distance. “And that is why, Rosie, you always need to be daring,” he said, looking back at his daughter. “Don’t ever shy away from anything. Life is too short. No chance lasts forever. It’s gone before you know it. Before you know it, Rosie.”
“Sherlock...” John began, but Sherlock had leaned closer, his face only inches away from John. Sherlock’s eyes were intense, boring into John’s, taking in every movement, every motion, every breath he took.
Then there was shuffling, and Rosie re-entered the room, followed closely by a tall, dark woman and a short man who looked rather hassled.
Doctor Swift stepped up next to the monitor and examined it and her patient. “It will be fine. He is stable.” She looked up at Rosie, who had taken her seat on the other side of the bed. “He will be fine for the procedure, I can assure you of that.”
“You sound like Mummy,” Holmes said, just as Watson hastily put down his cutlery and said around a mouth full of chicken, “I am finished.”
“No dad, let me do it, you did enough,” she protested, but Watson had already moved in front of her, crouching down to grab the box.
“I would never hate him for that. I never hated him for that.” She looked up at Ellie, her eyes imploring. “Did he know that?”
“Let me do this,” she said, taking the envelope out of his hands and opened it. Inside was a small piece of paper, which she unfolded and read in silence. She was aware that Katsuki was watching her every move.
He walked, slowly but steadily. He knew what was about to happen. He knew that his time had come. But he had a last message for his daughter.
Ellie raked her eyes over the small visible place, but couldn’t find anything. She didn’t want to listen to Watson’s grief; she didn’t want to be part of something this personal, but she also couldn’t figure out what to do next.
They both sat motionless. Katsuki’s cigarette had burned down completely. He only looked away when it burned down to his fingers. He cursed, and stuffed the remains into the ashtray.
She put down the violin again, and turned around with her hands on her hips to look at her father, giving him a stern look. Her short blond hair was a halo around her head.
„No no, today you have to be nice to me,” she said, looking up at Holmes, who looked decidedly uncomfortable between all those people. Watson, on the other hand, couldn’t have looked more proud. Holmes grumbled something under his breath, and Rosie laughed again.
“Dad, you can’t give up now,” she said, gripping his hand harder. “There’s still so much they can do.”
“Next time you decide to have a fag, just try and help me load all that junk into our car before you have it,” Katsuki said when Ellie slammed the car door shut behind her.
He looked at Holmes’s back, who was still playing his woeful melody. “Two intelligent people can be such idiots sometimes,” he sighed, then stepped up to stand next to Holmes. “By the way, I found our next memento.” He pointed at the violin, and Ellie sighed in relief.
Watson shook his head. Rosie looked at the CD again, then went over to the telly and put it into the DVD player.
“Doctor Swift will be with us in a minute,” Rosie said, not averting her eyes from her father’s still figure. “She’ll control his vitals.”
“No,” Holmes said. It didn’t sound convincing. Ellie and Katsuki had to be quick in order to make it back into the flat without Holmes throwing the door into their faces.
They could never be sure which exact object would lead them to the next memory. Sometimes, it was easy; when a memory didn’t contain much objects to start with, for example. Other times, the spaces were crammed with stuff, like the time Ellie and Katsuki had to work with a woman gifted with an eidetic memory. If anyone at Sigmund Corp was asked, they would be unable to explain how they acquired their mementos. It took each staff member months to perfect it, which was why each new member was paired with an older, much more experienced doctor to train with. Just like her colleagues, Ellie had trouble explaining the kind of intuition that went into this. When she tried to explain it to her niece once she said, “It’s like searching for something that glows brighter than anything else, but not quite, and that emits something like personal belonging.”
Ellie hastily put out the stump of her cigarette and stuffed it into her coat pocket. “I’m sorry for your loss,” she said.
Ellie couldn’t help it, this scene was utterly charming. She was sure it was her who felt that way, even though she could sense that Watson remembered this with the same warmth she herself felt in her heart.
“I don’t believe that he has to forget about his daughter,” Ellie said suddenly, unscrewing her hands and placing them flat on the table. “There must be a better time after she was born to implement the wish.”
Ellie and Katsuki stood on either side of Watson, looking down at the gravestone. It read ‘Sherlock Holmes.’ Nothing more.
Unsurprisingly, Ellie and Katsuki were standing in the exact same place again. The only difference was that it was rather dark, and the lights were turned on all around the flat. Watson was sitting in his, what Ellie now thought to be, usual chair, skimming through a newspaper.
“Not at all,” Katsuki said, heaving the equipment to his other side. “We often go to the patient’s house.”
He gazed at Watson, who still had his finger raised, but seemed surprised at being quoted that precisely.
“If I had known where it was I would have put it in your coffin.” He laughed, more genuine this time. “No, I would have put it on your head.” He laughed again.
“Might as well,” he said and lit it. He puffed a few times. They sat in the car in silence, staring out of the window.
“That’s a first for you,” Katsuki said, raising an eyebrow at her. Ellie thought he might mock her for that, given that she had always been the level-headed one of the two. Instead, he sagged into his chair, his face sullen. “But I know what you mean.”
“You now,” Rosie said, “I think my father might have loved Sherlock Holmes from the very moment he met him.”
“But we have to!” Katsuki said, letting his hands fall down to his sides. He looked imploringly at Ellie, but she just shrugged.
“When I was old enough to talk, I called my father ‘daddy’ and Sherlock Holmes ‘pa.’ My father told me time and again that Sherlock wasn’t actually my father, and I never knew what he meant by that. And Sherlock never seemed to mind, so I kept on calling him ‘pa.’ I only knew them as my family. I never missed my mother.”
“Say, dad,” Rosie spoke up, putting her empty mug on the table next to her. “Why don’t you move back in with Sherlock?”
“I’ve rarely seen something like this,” Ellie said, looking at one of the book shelves. She could even make out most of the titles.
“Yes, sir,” he said, scathingly. “Honestly, I’ve been doing this a lot longer than you, so stop treating me like a child.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, fidgeting in his chair. “If she joined them there might be some actual change up there.”
Watson calmly listened. His expression had changed; Ellie could tell. He no longer looked like he was about to throttle Holmes. Something else replaced it. It was longing.
Ellie only barely managed not to jump out of her chair when she heard Rosie speak up. Her voice was low, as if she was afraid to shatter the silence around her.
“I can’t believe you,” she said, putting her hands on her hips. “Will you stop ridiculing the police force? I know you think they are all imbeciles and idiots and such, but even you would be darned if we weren’t around.”
John was breathing hard, his heart hammering in his ears, the beat thrumming through the whole room.
Next to Ellie, Katsuki sighed. “Sherlock Holmes really should have learned to articulate his feelings more accurately.”
It seemed impossible, but Rosie looked even more defensive. She turned her head around to avoid her fathers gaze. Watson sighed, and sat down next to her.
“The time I had with your father and you was a haven to me. But I was a selfish person. I’ve always known it would end like this, and I still grabbed for everything that your father offered. I hope someday he will forgive me. And I hope Sherlock will forgive me, too.
That was why Ellie kept staring at the wall in front of her. She could see Katsuki tapping away on his laptop out of the corner of her eyes. The room was completely silent apart from the tapping. She wondered whether Rosie had fallen asleep in her chair.
“I think we have to witness whatever is going to happen before we can find our memento,” Katsuki said. Ellie gave him a questioning look, but he was looking straight at Watson. “Don’t you feel it?”
They didn’t say anything else, just stared at the floor in front of them. Watson seemed to be waiting for Rosie to say something. He glanced from the floor to Rosie, and back again. Her mouth, however, was set in a thin line, determined to stay quiet.
They were standing in front of a small cottage, somewhere out in the woods, with no other people for miles. Katsuki was carrying the equipment while Ellie had resorted to carrying the file and knocked at the door.
Holmes just gave Watson a dazzling smile – Ellie was sure that the memory was exaggerating this – and Watson placed the bee on the table and stood up.
“Yes, everything’s in the car now,” she said, then spotted the last box on the floor. “Or not. Let me just...” She moved to grab it, but Watson held up a hand to keep her from doing so.
Their eyes met in the semi-darkness of the car. She looked at him intently, hoping that she would not have to explain what she meant. He, in turn, looked at her like she was completely daft.
“A clue!” she exclaimed, picking up a piece of paper that had fallen behind the table. “Dad! Pa! Look at this!” She held out the paper and ran across the room to hand it to her laughing father.
“Besides, you are spending all of your time here, anyway. I don’t even go home anymore because I’m more likely to find you here.” She crossed her arms in front of her chest. “So why not move in here and save the money?”
“I’ll go and grab a parcel and stamps, be back in a minute,” Watson said and put the package back down on the counter, turning to leave the room. Katsuki and Ellie hurried forward.
Holmes paused in the doorframe, but he didn’t look back. “I know,” he said, “I have to go through Mycroft’s things tomorrow. I can’t be here, I’m sorry.”
Just then a woman opened the door. She looked them both up and down, unsure of who her visitors were this late at night. She looked harassed; her blond, curly hair was dishevelled, and she looked like she hadn’t slept for a while.
When the flash of colours ceased, Katsuki and Ellie were standing in a flat. This time, they were both amazed at how clear the vision was. It seemed as if they themselves had just stepped into the room. It seemed to be a sitting room, with two chairs placed opposite each other next to a fire place; on the other side of the room, there was an elegant sofa with a smart coffee table in front of it. The table and the desk in between the windows were covered in stuff, from empty mugs to books to what seemed to be case files. And the deerstalker.
Then, the man set down his cutlery with a flourish and coughed. “So, Rosie, how is your work going?”
Ellie spotted Watson and Holmes standing in the doorway, gazing at the mess in front of them. Slowly, they made their way into the room, climbing over various objects. Watson made his way over to the bookshelf, bending down to take one of the books. He wiped at the cover, then set it down on the mantelpiece, stooping to grab another.
“Is this another blackmail thing? Because if it is, I really am...” Rosie began, but Watson held up his hand, and she went silent.
“Wait, I’ll leave,” Watson said and started to rise, but it was Rosie’s turn to hold up a hand to stop him.
“I know,” she whispered, and her eyes filled with tears. “Who can deny a dying man’s last wish?” She wiped the tears away, and Katsuki let his hand drop to his side.
“Hey dad,” she said, walking over to her father and giving him a peck on the cheek. He smiled at her and put away his newspaper, just as she straightened up and looked around the flat. “Where’s pa – Sherlock?”
Katsuki walked over and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “It is what he wished for. His last wish.”
Watson took a deep gulp from his mug, avoiding hid daughters gaze. But Rosie didn’t comment. Instead, she silently sipped her tea, pondering over the revelation.
“No, love,” he said, and Ellie could feel his inner turmoil and struggle to get out the next sentence. “It’s from your mother.”
“Sherlock, have you ever written back?” He looked up at Holmes, determination setting his lips in a tight line. “Have you ever sent her a text after I told you to?”
“Doctor Watson had assured me that you would know exactly what you had to do,” he said, taking out a handkerchief to wipe at his forehead. “Quite frankly, I can’t make anything of this either.”
“The vividness really is extraordinary,” he said, reaching out his hand, touching one of the spines. “‘The Tale of Two Cities.’ And here, ‘Hamlet.’ Even I don’t remember where I put all of my books.”
“Did you remember to pick up the file?” she asked, fastening her seatbelt. He heaved a dramatic sigh and waved a brown folder in front of her.
“I’ve been preparing for this for months, and now I’m here and I really don’t want him to go.” Rosie’s voice was muffled.
“I will always be your daughter,” she said. Even though she whispered it into his ear, Ellie and Katsuki could hear her perfectly.
“We don’t know what we’ll see in his memories,” she continued. She looked down at the file clutched in his hands. Then she added, her voice just a whisper, “I don’t want you to see anything you don’t have to.”
“Sounds like fun,” Watson said, grinning. Holmes gave him a sidelong glance; it was obvious that he was trying to hide a grin himself.
Rosie stood and Katsuki made to leave, but Ellie caught his arm. “I’d like to have a word with you,” she said. Rosie left the kitchen without mentioning it. Katsuki sat down again.
“Coming!” Rosie appeared, carrying a tote bag. Her hair was longer, tied up into a messy bun at the back of her head.
Seeing that image in front of them, it seemed like time stood still. The air around them changed, and the background noise faded; Watson, and Ellie and Katsuki alike, watched them as if from afar. Ellie felt a tidal wave of emotion crashing over her, a mixture of awe and unconditional love for the two people in front of them. She felt the tears running down her face, and she turned to look at Watson, whose face was impassive. But she knew the emotions bubbling behind that rigid facade were swelling up and up until she feared he couldn’t hold it any longer.
Rosie deflated, her furry quickly turning into guilt. She looked back at the floor, playing nervously with the hem of her shirt.
“Right, I have everything,” she said, and Sherlock and John stopped and turned to look at her. She put her hands on her hips and gave them a stern look. “Please try not to destroy the kitchen while I’m away, pa,” she said to Sherlock. He just rolled his eyes at her and kept descending the stairs.
“I was just about to go to the park with Rosie,” Watson said, looking up at Holmes again. “Do you want to join us?”
Ellie and Katsuki both marvelled at the room, drinking in every detail. “It’s their flat in Baker Street,” Katsuki said, his eyes falling upon Watson. He was sitting in a chair, sipping a cup of tea. Ellie, on the other hand, had spotted the figure on which Watson’s eyes rested.
Watson placed the headphones on the skull, and he exchanged a sad look with Holmes. Holmes put the skull on the table. Watson went over to his chair, which lay on its side, his fingers brushing the other chair on his way there.
Ellie felt the waves of sorrow engulf her. Even if it hadn’t been for that, Ellie would have cried all the same; this time, she didn’t try to hide it. Katsuki put his arm around her, patting her back. They both watched as Rosie broke down, crying uncontrollably. Watson rushed over to her and locked her in a tight hug. She buried her face in his chest, and he began to rock her back and forth. For a moment, it seemed like Rosie was a small child again, and he cradled her to his chest, cooing to her.
“This is not about me,” he said, holding the file aloft. He met her gaze with fierce eyes. “I have to do this for Doctor Watson. I
“I know that, dad,” she said, sliding forward in her chair and extending her other hand to place it on his cheek. “I know that.”
They both walked around the room, searching frantically. In the meantime, the memory seemed to repeat itself over and over again, and Ellie soon felt sick of the renewed waves of tenderness. It wasn’t that she minded; but they had been on this for a while now and the emotional rollercoaster drained her.
“We should go, I’m knackered,” he said, fastening his seatbelt. Ellie fastened hers, too, but didn’t start the car. Instead, they both stared out at the road in front of them. The sun was up now, illuminating the path in front of them. Right now, the possibilities seemed endless.
Rosie almost instantly returned with two steaming mugs, handing one to her father before she walked over to Holmes’s chair and plopped down, sighing contentedly. Somehow the first mug had vanished completely.
The next thing they saw was Watson leaning on the walking stick. He was looking down at something, and they both had to walk around him to see it.
She rolled her eyes at him. “Out of all the slang words you could use you choose that one,” she said, giving him a stern look. “Out of all the people I know you are the only one who uses it. You, out of all people!”
They were standing in front of a Christmas tree. It was huge and tall, almost touching the ceiling. Ellie could hardly make out the tip of it. It was richly decorated, she could tell, but as soon as she focused on an ornament, it seemed to vanish. The fairy lights, however, were as clear as day. She spotted the umbrella right next to the Christmas tree, hanging on a hat stand.
Ellie and Katsuki hurried to stand on either side of Rosie. They may have been invisible to the people in the memories, but it still felt strange to stand in between people while they looked through them.
John’s face was wet. Tears were streaming down his face, splashing unto Sherlock’s hair. He was pushing his hands into the wound, trying to stifle the bleeding, but they both knew that it was no use.
“Ah!” Katsuki exclaimed, and Ellie snapped her head around. He was pointing at the jacket Rosie had been wearing, on which the police badge was sparkling.
“It’s just...” Holmes started, and Rosie gave him a challenging look, cocking her head to the side and crossing her arms in front of her. Behind her, Watson chuckled. He had rarely seen Sherlock that uncomfortable, Ellie thought. This thought had shot through her head like an arrow from nowhere. She shivered. She hated it when this happened. Beside her, Katsuki had scrunched up his nose. He must’ve thought it, too.
“Nothing,” Holmes said, looking down at the umbrella. Then, he strut across the room and placed the umbrella on the coffee table next to the sofa.
Behind them, Watson coughed. “I sold the flat,” he said and laughed. “I never expected you to leave everything to me.”
To Ellie, Rosie seemed perfectly fine, looking relaxed and comfortable. Holmes, on the other hand, looked like he was about to freak out. It seemed like Watson left them alone for a while. That, however, raised the question how Watson could remember this if he hadn’t been around at the time. Ellie turned to look around. She spotted him, standing right there in the doorframe, watching Holmes and Rosie from the shadows of the doorframe.
Katsuki didn’t get up. “That will be difficult. This is all too vivid,” he said and shook his head. “And I don’t think this is everything.”
“I know he’s not my real dad, but he always acted like one, so stop saying that! I want everyone to just stop saying that!” Tears were no streaming down her face. Watson took two steps towards her.
“Everything!” Rosie exclaimed, throwing the magnifier on the sofa and pointing an accusing finger at him.
Ellie gave a heavy sigh, then rummaged through her pockets, producing a packet of cigarettes. She held it out for Katsuki. “Just take one,” she said, and he obeyed.
“Don’t give me that look!” Watson was furious. He had leaned forward on his chair and raised and accusing finger to point at Holmes. “Do you remember what I told you? Do you?”
She went silent, starring down at the letter, deep in thought. Ellie saw that she was fighting her tears this time.
“It will be fine, John.” He stroked his thumb over John’s cheek, wiping the tears away. John stared down at him, but the tears didn’t stop.
Both Ellie’s and Katsuki’s eyes went wide at this. There was this sort of command in his voice that didn’t accept anything but obedience.
It was dark and tall, seeming to tower over them, but then not. The area around them was filled with other gravestones, but they were blank. In the distance the trees and grass blurred as if they were trying to see underwater.
“I still don’t know why you went for this,” Holmes grumbled from beside her. Watson turned around to glare at him, opening his mouth to say something, but Rosie was faster.
Sherlock looked straight into John’s eyes. One of his eyebrows was quirked up in question. John held his gaze; he didn’t waver in his resolve.
Rosie sighed, leaning back in her chair again. “I read all of my father’s notes, and I found his old blog entries.” She scrunched up her nose at the thought. “He told me not to, but seriously, you can’t tell your daughter about things like that and expect her not to be curious enough to go on a rampant Google hunt.“ She gave them a mischievous smile. Ellie snorted.
“And you, dad,” she said, putting a hand on his shoulder to stop him from following Sherlock. “Please take care.”
Rosie’s face crumpled, but she quickly caught herself again. She unfolded the letter and started to read. Katsuki and Ellie watched as her nose scrunched up in confusion. Then her eyes shone with realization, and she huffed a laugh that was thick with sadness and regret.
For a moment, it seemed like the rest of the world fell away, leaving emptiness at their feet. The only thing illuminating the darkness was Holmes. He was like a beacon in the sea of this ever growing emptiness.
“You still remember that so accurately?” Watson said. “I don’t know why I’m surprised at that, to be honest,” Watson let his hand fall down on his lap, bringing up the other to massage his temples.
Sherlock’s face fell. His eyes went wide in disbelief, his mouth slightly agape. “John?” he said, his voice barely a breath.
Rosie held up the CD. The words “Miss you” were written in bold letters across it. As soon as Watson saw it he went ashen. He dropped the newspaper on the coffee table, stood up, and hurried over to Rosie and grabbed for the CD.
It was all the encouragement that John had needed. He raised his shaking hands to rest on Sherlock’s face, gently pulling him down. Sherlock’s hands came up to rest over John’s, trying to sooth the shaking, and he met him halfway.
Watson held his gaze for a few seconds, then slumped back into his chair. “I really don’t get you sometimes.” The regret that emanated from Watson right then was as blue as the dressing gown Holmes was wearing.
Holmes, on the other hand, made his way over to the window, looking sadly at the remnants of a blown up box. It must have contained case files, Ellie thought.
The woman was looking sadly into the camera. She seemed to steel herself for what she was about to say. Behind them, Ellie could hear Watson catch his breath. Rosie stared at the screen, her eyes still wide, and her mouth slightly agape.
He shifted from one foot to another, winced, then shifted back again. “See this? My leg’s working up again. Still psychosomatic, I guess. But I’m old, so.” He fell silent again.
Ellie coughed slightly, then took a step back and let her hand fall to her side. “I think I should see what my colleague is up to,” she said awkwardly and turned to leave.
“Don’t be silly,” Ellie said, starting to walk towards the people gathered at one end of the table. “Do you see the queen anywhere?”
“Oh no,” Watson suddenly said, holding up something that was lying on the kitchen counter. “I knew she would forget something,” he said, turning around and waving the object at Holmes.
John put away his newspaper. “She will make the right decision.” He grinned widely at Sherlock. “I didn’t think you’d actually encourage her to become a detective. I thought they were all idiots up there.”
Holmes glared at Watson, who just laughed at him. “You are right. But I have to say I hope she does not want to become a consulting detective like you. No offense,” Watson said hastily, “but she is my daughter and I kind of want to keep her life safer than mine or yours.” Holmes nodded at that, and they both went silent.
Katsuki took hold of one of the helmets and put it on. Rosie looked down at her hand which was intertwined with her father’s unresponsive one.
Katsuki moved over to the desk, scanning the items scattered on it, while Ellie positioned herself behind Rosie and watched the scene play out in front of her. Ellie knew that she and Katsuki would find out more than they were prepared to, but somehow, they both had known it from the start. It was probably what Katsuki had secretly hoped for.
No one said anything. Katsuki went and walked around the chair that Watson was sitting in, gazing from him to Holmes.
“I wonder how her mother managed to do that?” Ellie wondered aloud, looking back at Watson and Rosie.
“I think,” Rosie continued, “that there was only one thing that always confused me about those two.”
She and Katsuki had just turned around when they saw Rosie enter the room. She was dressed in the uniform of a police officer.
Ellie could see how Holmes slightly deflated when he was finally defeated. “I think we’re both in need of a distraction, even if it is a boring one.”
Ellie walked around the table to join him, while from out of nowhere dessert had appeared on the table and the dirty dishes had vanished. Ellie saw from the corner of her eyes that Rosie was helping herself to a generous amount of Christmas pudding.
For a while, Ellie only heard Rosie’s sobs, and she desperately hoped that Katsuki would get a move on.
“You know, Sherlock, I do think you should put down your phone for once,” Watson said, heaping some pudding unto his plate. “Even Lestrade doesn’t work on Christmas.”
Katsuki had walked around the bed and pointed at something. Ellie followed him and saw a walking stick propped up next to the bed.
“You know we are not allowed to take up any cases that may have us emotionally compromised,” she explained, swatting away is hand.
“I don’t want to panic anyone, but we might have to start the procedure soon,” Katsuki said, glancing at the heart monitor.
“But seeing this,” Rosie picked up the letter, “and thinking about the last talk we had, I think my father only just came to realize what Sherlock actually meant to him.”
And he vanished, storming down the stairs, leaving Watson standing there. Confusion and hurt was written all over his face.
“Criminals never rest,” Holmes said, but he did lower his phone. Ellie really wanted to smack it out of his hands.
The bright colours twisted and turned; they were turned on their heads, and the room became dark. Again, Ellie and Katsuki were at Baker Street. They didn’t know how they knew this. It was hardly the place they had just left. Everything was destroyed.
Holmes seemed to get bolder, and he touched the little bee’s nose to Rosie’s nose, making a louder buzzing noise with the touch. At the touch Rosie actually laughed out loud, her little arms and feet thrashing excitedly. Holmes’s face burst into a smile as well, and he repeated the action. Rosie got more and more excited, and with each playful touch Holmes’s smile became broader and his face brighter. Rosie began to grab for the bee with her tiny hands, and after another few playful swishes, Holmes let her grab the toy. She gurgled happily and began to chew on one of the bee’s wings, her big eyes smiling up at Holmes.
She came to stand in front of Watson, who looked like one of the wax figures in Madam Tussaud’s. She shuddered. She never really liked those. She sensed that the memory was getting to its close, and it occurred to her to follow Watson’s gaze. When she turned, she saw that he was looking straight at the vacated chair behind Holmes. His eyes had only flickered to it for a moment, but she had seen the quick passing of terror behind his eyes. Her brows furrowed in confusion. He didn’t seem to exude terror; the affection was still sapping strongly at their feet. What was he trying to suppress?
When Watson dumped the last box into the boot, which seemed to contain more than it could actually fit, the dark-haired girl announced that she would quickly use the bathroom before they left, and she bustled back into the house.
Ellie and Katsuki found themselves in a dim and grey hall, which was filled with people, chattering loudly. It was the first time that Watson remembered something with more people in it. But when they looked around, they couldn’t make out the faces. It was as if the people were more vivid when not looked upon, but when they tried to focus on them, it felt as if they weren’t actually there. As if they had suddenly gone blind.
Watson head snapped up. “You mean she…?” He let the sentence hang in the air. Holmes didn’t say anything.
“I tell you, Uncle Mycroft, family gatherings are customary at least once a year, and why not do them at Christmas?” Rosie said, taking a deep gulp from her glass. Mycroft’s face contorted when she said ‘uncle.’
“I’ve always known I wouldn’t be allowed to see you grow up. I’ve always known that at some point in your life, too soon for a child, you would be living without your mother. I had hoped that it wouldn’t be so soon, but if this reaches you, you won’t even remember me.
Watson came into the room from the kitchen, carrying two steaming mugs of tea. He slowly walked over to Holmes and put down one of the mugs on the table, then made his way to his own chair, sitting down gingerly. He let out an exhale of content.
Normally, Ellie didn’t let herself feel sorry for her client, let alone their family. But something about this particular case resonated within her, and she felt a deep compassion towards the woman sitting in front of her. Against her better judgement, she reached out and cupped Rosie’s hand with hers. “Are you sure this is alright, Rosie?”
Watson had picked up the chair and put it right, leaned on the arm and sighed. He turned and let himself fall into the chair. All the while Holmes had eyed the case files with another sad look, but turned around when he heard Watson sigh. He walked over to the other chair and sat down. He looked tired; he slumped down in his chair, head falling back, his eyes closed.
She opened it and looked at the first sheet containing their patient’s details. She scanned the address, the name, age, and some details on the medical history. There wasn’t anything unusual. But she was certain that Katsuki was hiding something from her. While she read the file he was sitting beside her, fiddling with the hem of his lab coat. She looked at the patient’s name again. There was something awfully familiar about this particular name.
So they stood in silence. Ellie could distinctly make out a sort of calm acceptance. But there was also the smell of anger, and sadness. Sadness that seemed to seep right into her bones; it felt like ocean waves sapping at the sand beneath her feet, slowly carrying it away.
“So Watson was trying to date women after all,” Katsuki said, looking over at Ellie. She looked back at him, raising a questioning eyebrow.
Watson stood there, looking at the door, then down at the floor. In her flight, Rosie had sent a bag, which had rested on the table, flying, and all its contents were spilled on the floor.
“Okay, this is getting ridiculous,” Katsuki said from the other side of the room. He was prodding the antlers of the skull placed between the windows. “Tell me you’ve found something.”
“Didn’t know you were finally calling him ‘uncle,’” John said, chuckling. He felt lightheaded from all the wine he had consumed to get over this.
He patted her awkwardly on the head, and she scowled at him. “I know you are lying! You are not here to see me, pa.”
, puffing away affably; but on reflection, I might have predicted it. Scent is, to human memory, the surest tinder. Apart from the house itself, her husband's tobacco must have been among the strongest of the evocations of him within which she lived and breathed. I hoped sincerely that she had reached for it over the years as a comfort rather than a penance.
Your step-father pretends to care about money, Miss Sutherland, and he pretends to care about pride. But what he actually cares about is power. He uses money to gain control over people, particularly women. He threw away your mother's money to pin her down so she couldn't fight him, and then he mounted this cruel ruse against you to force her into complicity. What I am telling you now is not mere speculation. I called upon your mother this afternoon and, by assuring her of both privacy and protection, I was able to confirm the truth. Mr. Windibank let her think she could protect you if she played along with him; that if she stayed on his good side she could set limits. He mustn't touch you, he mustn't embarrass you publicly, he mustn't go through with the fake marriage.
It was. Holmes was a chemist, after all, and when he’d started his habit, seven per-cent had been a dosage widely deemed medicinal. Cocaine had come into fashion as a miracle drug and was put to every purpose under the sun, but at its inception, it was supposed to numb pain.
'I wish I were more equal to debating you!' Mrs Cubitt teased. 'But I'm afraid when I was growing up, my parents didn't exactly raise me on a diet of the classics. I just read whatever the other girls were reading, and most of it was rubbish, to be honest. Of course, my Hilton, and his family before him, built up a nice little library here at the manor. I've opened it up to the neighbourhood so anyone can come visit and read what they like. But I haven't often taken advantage of the collection myself, since spending too long with a book strains my eye and tends to tire me out.'
"Forgive me, sir," he said at last, in a far different tone. "I had intended to let matters rest, but … I find I'm not sure that I should. There is something
She shook her head and patted tentatively at her hat as if the thoughts within might be smoothed back like errant hairpins. But after a moment she gathered herself and resumed the tale. "Well, sirs, I was at the gas-fitters' ball, just larking a bit with my gals, when the most bizarre young fellow made a beeline for me. He hadn't time for anyone else all night, despite not knowing me from Adam. I know my clothes stand out a bit. I do that on purpose because it's so easy otherwise to fade into the background. They forget you're there, don't they, without a Yankee Doodle cap to wave and catch their eye?" She curled the tip of her hat's white feather around her finger. Holmes smiled at the surprised glance I sent in his direction; I'd never once considered his eccentric dress might be strategic. "But I didn't think my outfit could really explain why I was the only girl in the whole room to stand out to him.
I was momentarily incapable of reply, and Moriarty hurried on before I could gather myself to protest. "I have read your stories, you see. But whatever his inclinations may be, they are not the most important point I wanted to set before you. It's the cocaine and the patterns behind it that worry me. That is what I would beg you to re-examine.
Watson examined it with interest. “I’ve read about this. There was a German doctor, was there not, who published the first study of its effects only last year? If I recall correctly, he believed another, closely related derivative carried a lower risk of toxicity for his patients.”
By the time we rose from his bed the following morning, it was half past ten. I contented myself with bread, marmalade, and hazelnuts for breakfast, not wanting to bother Mrs. Hudson for something hot before luncheon. As Holmes and I had always had irreconcilable taste in coffee, we compromised on a pot of strong black tea.
Madame Brémont’s light fare suited me rather better than the hearty Scottish breakfasts of Baker Street, but the friendly sight of Watson’s looping script beside my plate touched off a pang of homesickness sufficient to rattle my appetite. I tucked a heel of fresh bread into my trouser pocket and slipped the letter into my waistcoat. I’d have had time to read it before walking to the lab, but his correspondence was a pleasure I preferred to savour.
that might have prompted such a change. And even if something disturbing had occurred, I don’t see how you could have come to know about it."
I hadn't had it in me to force him into a hospital where the miasma of projected pain from a hundred other patients would have overwhelmed him. I spent a week at his bedside, day and night, with the household boiling water and changing linen and praying unceasingly just outside the bedroom door. That child's awful suffering had cut clean through me, like fresh blood bubbling up from closed wounds. But the first and central oath of my profession was to do no harm, and I'd fought as fiercely as I knew how to ensure that I did not increase his misery by projecting anything of my own.
Moriarty spent the night in my guest room, collapsing to bed at around three in the morning. Sleep was, for me, impossible, but I fortified myself with a surfeit of coffee. Just before five, I wrapped up in my warmest clothes and ventured out. I paid a king's ransom to secure the first cab I encountered for an arduously slow ride to West London, and knocked on the door of the headmaster's home just before breakfast. He was as surprised as I had been to receive a visitor in such weather, but my mind was instantly relieved by his complacent welcome. By the grace of God, he had not yet caught wind of "The Final Problem."
We had dined, chosen our digestifs, and smoked through our pipes before a natural lull in the conversation deepened gradually to an expectant hush. We caught each other’s eyes.
Holmes had never been one to sit at table, preferring to perch with one leg propped on the window sash, observing the street below. When I finished my meal he was midway through his second cigarette, making use of his empty teacup as an ashtray. I had just looted the pelican for the morning
When the crisis passed I went home, but slept poorly. My nightmares were insistent enough to seep right to the border of my neighbours' dreams.
He has since referred, in terms barely veiled, to the passionate upheaval which resulted from that crisis. In addition to endowing our friendship, at long last, with a far more intimate character, it convinced me that an early retirement was not only an option but a necessity. Watson, had it merely been a question of his own safety, would have dug in and set himself against any course of action that resembled retreat. But he became convinced that if we were to preserve the irreplaceable histories he had recorded during our years together, we would have to take greater precautions. The first step was to remove both the papers and ourselves to a less recognizable address.
to die undefended." He flinched sharply, his mouth twisting open in the shape of a cry, though no sound escaped. "For leaving the children in your care at the mercy of a rampaging murderer who, in his frenzy, might as easily have shot them as himself! How
in you." He turned abruptly in my arms until we held each other face to face, the bedclothes tangling between us. I could not believe I'd been so blind; the irony did not escape me. How had I managed over the years to praise every last aspect of his mind, except for this one? I brushed my fingertips down the curve of his temple. "I love the touch of your mind. It makes for a vital, resonant sort of quiet, because I know who lives inside it."
"You're too kind, Doctor! I fear I come off as more of a fool, but I'm chuffed you take a generous view of the episode." She fished out a handkerchief and dabbed the last of the mirth from her eyes.
. At that time, I didn't realise that Holmes was Blind—he hadn't told me. I respected his brilliance, of course; his penchant for knowing more details about every client than I could ever See in their minds; the casual way he'd break in and reply to my thoughts even when they were utterly insignificant—when I was doing no more than contemplating a portrait on a rainy day! I thought he was the most naturally gifted psychic I had ever met. I would have believed him if he'd told me he surpassed the known Sight scale.
The past is a wound that has harried me once or twice in daylight, twice or thrice in sleep," he said. "I've felt its sting here and there, you see. It is, perhaps, no coincidence that I sit before you unmarried and childless. No coincidence, perhaps, that I'm stamped with an anxious humour, too quick to appease
Though incomplete, this fragmentary correspondence may be considered of interest for showcasing a somewhat uncommon side of Freud's therapeutic practice. Freud specialized in working with patients who were exhibiting notable psychosomatic symptoms or neuroses which he believed were caused by hidden traumas in their past. He was interested in repressed memories and unconscious wounds. In this case, there is no indication that the patient was exhibiting such symptoms, and the 'tragedy' referred to was one of which both Freud and his patient were consciously aware. One of his biographers has speculated that Freud had some personal motivation for offering his services in this instance, though no scholar has so far ventured to guess the identity of his correspondent.
Mrs Ronder rose in a burst of sympathy, moving across the room toward her. Mrs Cubitt stood likewise, wiping at her cheek. 'There's blood in the past that'll never wash out. But we're still alive, and what we choose to do matters. You're not a danger to anyone, are you? Anyone except yourself. I can understand that, believe me.'
Holmes absconded with the paper and ran a finger down the fine print. "Dear me, what rotten luck. The fatal vice lay neither in the bottle nor the boudoir, I'm afraid—a pair of elderly husbands are separating because one lobs his false teeth at the other at the least provocation. I feel as if I've been granted an ominous foretaste of our retirement years, don't you?"
Miss Sutherland had no need to hear of our old griefs; what she did need and deserve was honest reassurance. She must be trying to imagine a more hopeful future for herself after this ordeal, and perhaps I could help in some small way. "Having known the truth of the matter for some years now," I said, "I believe I can offer a little perspective which you may find valuable. You strike me as a young woman who may very well be happy in independent life. But if ever you desire companionship, never doubt that you have tremendous gifts to bring to any friend or sweetheart, whether Sighted or un-Sighted. When it comes to voicing your feelings, believe me when I say that you and your chosen friend will have an advantage over couples who over-rely on shared Sight to do their loving and their arguing for them. And when facing hardship, remember that you can comfort a friend without absorbing their pain, just as you yourself can work through your griefs without inflicting them directly on those around you. I cannot tell you what a gift that is. It would be different if, in Seeing a loved one's pain, we could lighten their burden—but the wretched truth is that suffering echoed between minds is doubled, not halved. You have it in you to break that cycle, both for yourself and others.
"And have you decided yet where you intend to go, now that you have the means for a little independence?"
Professor Moriarty stared up at me. Anguish twisted harshly across his face, but at the same time a curious calmness seemed to overtake him. I had expected another cringing protest, but though his shoulders shook and a few tears ran, his gaze rose with new stubbornness to meet mine. I emerged from my temper far enough to regain the palpable sense that I was facing another man, neither scarecrow nor fiend.
Late one evening, very shortly after I released my account of "The Final Problem" to the public, Professor Moriarty came to call.
"The affair was the least of your failings, man!" I rose to my feet, a restless temper seizing hold of me and demanding movement. "You did wrong, yes, as did she; but frankly, such dalliances are too commonplace to be shocking. Hurtful, certainly, but even there
"Hmm. I can't say I recall who currently rules in the Low Country. Is it their king or queen who's won your hand?"
In any case, I was born Blind, and I came by that inheritance honestly, for my brother shares it. Our mother was a Two and our father a Five, and neither had the least idea how to assist us. They were convinced that we would be neither marriageable nor employable should our weakness be known, and they categorically refused to send us to any specialised Institute for education or charity.
I skimmed through the first few pages, too tired to focus on anything but headlines. "Nothing in the nature of crime that rises above the drab and commonplace."
of it, you see. I'd like to tell you I felt some renewal of conscience or courage, but no. I didn't try to change for any of the right reasons, I suppose, but you'd never guess how exhausting it can be, simply to live with something like that. Unexamined, undisclosed, but so persistently
And at first, I must say, we made progress. His methods were sometimes bizarre, but Dr. Freud is a kind and intelligent man, at least, and over the course of our sessions I learned to break through a great deal of avoidance and to trace the outlines of my guilt without seizing up entirely. For the most part, he simply asked questions about what had happened and let me talk. There was genuine merit in some of his observations, and compassion in his judgments. Our time together helped me. That is why I was willing to return the following year."
In an instant she had snatched up the whip and swung it with a sound like summer lightning. A second camera flash erupted, casting the two of them in long shadow: Miss Sutherland towering and Windibank cowering before her, his arm raised over his head as he threw himself to one side. The first blow landed with a whistle and thud, and then the second. With a scream he pelted down the stairs, and she chased him out the front door.
That was the very last answer I expected, and it raised such an unlooked-for tumult within me that we took the remainder of the evening to come to grips with it.
"I have spent some time, these last two summers, with Dr. Freud," he began. I made some slight exclamation at this wholly unexpected news, but Moriarty barely paused. "In helping Mr. Holmes, he’d come to learn of the tragedy, and he reached out to me. He guessed, correctly, that I'd never been able to talk it over with anyone, and he volunteered to support me should I choose to face up to the past.
For our driver we had a local farmer, his boots and wool trousers liberally speckled with the sandy soil distinctive to this parish. A scattering of dark red stains ingrained under his fingernails had excited my attention for a moment, but I'm sorry to report they were more likely due to the scarlet skein of beet-roots than of murder.
He sent her an outrageous wink, and I cuffed the back of his head while she laughed and sank back into her seat. For a moment we stared at each other, slightly at sea in this conspiratorial fellowship that had broken upon us so suddenly, but Holmes soon retrieved the dropped reins of conversation. "Now, my dear lady," he said, "I fear I interrupted you just as you were on the verge of detecting your criminal. I'm most anxious to hear the full story, pray continue."
Once your story crosses my headmaster's desk, he is going to take it as confirmation of those earlier accusations. Upon consulting his payroll ledger, he will see that I was away from my post, unaccounted for
I had seen his soul bared in the most desperate, deplorable extremity. I had stayed with him through the worst ordeal, when the torment of weaning his body from its addiction had stripped away his last semblance of self-control. He had raved and screamed, sobbed and begged. He had been incapable of hiding anything in that state, yet never had he said a word to me that might be construed in such a way.
. 'Now that I have the opportunity so many of your readers have surely longed for, Doctor Watson,' she said, 'I really must demand an explanation of the "dreadful Abernetty business" and how exactly it hinged on the depth to which the parsley sank into the butter.'
Mrs Cubitt looked at her for a long time, admirably calm. At length, she spoke gently, thanking Mrs Ronder for her confidence. She went on to repay it with one of her own. Watson had not yet published any account of the Dancing Men for the public, so Mrs Ronder learned of that tragedy for the first time from Mrs Cubitt's lips. Grief hovered in her voice as she spoke, poignant and long-settled.
He blew gently at his cup, angling it carefully to avoid fogging his spectacles. He appeared a good deal calmer than before, but an indefinable tension in the air warned me to expect unpleasantness.
He rummaged about in the warren of old magazines, dried glue, and empty ink bottles overflowing from his scrapbook bin and emerged after a moment with a battered copy of
And that is why Mother never looked at Father the same way again, either. On some level, we all sensed it: Mycroft, Professor Moriarty, and me. Even Father sensed it, although he couldn't face it, and his anger toward Mycroft escalated almost to hatred. In some deeply buried part of his mind, reserved perhaps for the likes of our Dr. Freud, I believe Father felt that his son had stolen his wife away from him. At all events, he was horrid to Mycroft, and the further down that path he traveled, the more estranged Mother became.” My voice broke, and I ran a hand across my face. I had never understood why Mother had always been the hardest to talk about.
"—we would spy in the ordinary houses of this city such numberless, idiosyncratic cruelties that your novelist's pen would run dry. Depend upon it, Watson: take five and a half million people and stack them atop each other for seven hundred square miles, and the results will defy imagination."
And so we fell into our old push-pull, both a little wearier than before, but I daresay a little kinder, too. He saw through me as clearly as ever and consequently asked no questions about the case that had kept me away. Not yet.
His hair was untidy for once; it had curled in the day's heat and moulded into odd shapes beneath his hat. Growing softer and finer with age, it had come over silver in a concerted rush last year. Even in the unromantic glare of the gas jet, it shone. Surfacing now and then from my agitation, I found my gaze resting there as helplessly as ever.
We made our farewells with sincerest best wishes on all sides. In early September, we received this brief note from the lady:
. It was this work that lately kept him more often in Sussex than in Baker Street, humming with energy and ankle deep in loose leaf manuscripts, emerging from his study to make arrangements for the furnishings and grounds, and preparing the place to suit us both. Meanwhile I lingered in the midst of my dwindling practice, nerving myself to cut the cord.
"Forgive me for running a little behind the hour, Mr. Holmes," he said. "I'm afraid my wife and daughter were called away from home in a hurry yesterday to assist a sick relative, and so when I arrived home from a week's travel earlier today, I found the household quite out-of-order. I don't think you'd guess just how much effort it took to find a clean suit to wear this evening."
I knew how a man might spend year after year stacking thought upon thought only to find that, no matter how pragmatically he ordered his head, he couldn't make of it a house in which to live comfortably. After all that layering, his mind still resembled an unplumbed well, smooth-walled and soft-shadowed, in which any dropped pebble could raise echoes.
"I can't imagine a better prospect. And I feel sure," Holmes said, "that you will succeed in whatever you set your mind to."
Anyhow, the rat gave his name as 'Mr. Hosmer Angel,' which shows you straight off that he probably weren't the criminal of the century. As aliases go, I'd call it bald. He was wearing tinted glasses to hide his eyes, despite it being nine of an evening in a low-lit hall. His felt was brand new, still had the bit of string clinging to the brim where the price tag had been attached. He tried to talk to me in a whisper-y voice, but the ball was so loud that in order to make himself heard he got closer to whisper-shouting, which put the lie to his story about a weak throat. But what most interested me was that he'd pasted on a costume beard. He'd made a creditable go of it, and most Sighted people probably wouldn't have noticed, especially in such dim light. But I'm sure you know how great a difference facial expression makes in helping to follow the thoughts and moods you can't See otherwise, so I always tend to look closer than people expect. And I could see the dried patches of glue all along the hairline.
"That's what I like to hear," Holmes grinned. "Nothing like a confession to clear the air of an evening. So, you say it is not actionable, do you? And what if I accuse you of entrapment, what with your coming to her in disguise and giving a false name?"
The whole farce came to a head a few days ago, when he sent my mother and me off to church, then plopped into a separate cab but disappeared himself before we got anywhere near an altar. Which saved me some trouble, I suppose, as I would have had to scupper the wedding if he hadn't done it first.
"I'll need a little time to gather evidence and formulate a plan of action. I know you must be anxious for explanations, my dear lady, but allow me to proceed carefully until I can confirm the facts beyond my current suspicions and probabilities. You can assist me by jotting down both your home address and that of your step-father's employer. If you would then be so good as to take tea somewhere in this neighbourhood and reconvene here at 4 o'clock. I believe I will be able to answer your questions by then."
By the next year I had committed to retirement and joined Watson in Sussex. Country life was encumbered by its share of inconvenience, but that was nothing in comparison to the freedoms it offered. Together, we began to allow ourselves more room to love, and be loved, unguardedly.
Watson was not ham-fisted, and so did not rush to reassure me that Mycroft and I bore no blame in the matter; I grasped that perfectly well, intellectually. He simply rested a hand on my shoulder, thanked me, and said, “She must have been very proud of you both. I would like to hear more of your mother one day.”
"All month it's been the only thing that doesn't hurt to think about," she said softly, "so I've thought my fill. I ought to change my name, you know—there's only so much pity one can stand, isn’t there? I've had enough of headlines. I'd like to move to some quiet neighborhood, maybe offer lessons to young ladies who want to learn type-writing. Mam can stay with me a while, or with her sister if she likes. Perhaps once we get going, there'll be enough interest to open up a school or some little business." She took a deep, slow breath. "I think what's best is to learn to do for myself, really. And maybe help a few girls who're looking for a chance to make their own way."
He had kept no piano at Baker Street, as we hadn't the room for it; but after his marriage, he and Mrs Watson had often played and sung together. On those rare occasions when I accepted their invitations to dine, we had always ended the evening gathered together around the piano bench, skimming through a pile of songbooks. We sang in turns, all together, and in pairs, and their duets were filled with warmth and joy.
My eyes settled, barely focused, on the flickering reflections in my empty glass. In slow increments, I slid my arm along the carpet until my fingers brushed his bare foot. Gently, I stroked the line from heel to arch.
I frowned at the implicit accusation, but could not deny it. There was a simper in his manner that had repelled me from the first. He studied me for a moment, his eyes still watery but the mind behind them coming more clearly into focus.
Moriarty set the book back on the shelf and, remaining by the door, took hold of his hat, fumbling it from hand to hand. “I hope the both of you will forgive me for talking out of turn. I don’t know if any of these suppositions are true, but
I frowned, wholly at a loss. "No, I'm not aware of any personal or professional disaster at that time
, you know, which eggs him on. And add to that, he's a skinflint when it comes to allowing me to spend my own money. Of course I understand the bulk of it should go to running the house, but whenever I wish to make a day trip or have a night out, he finds excuses as to why I mustn't. I finally put my foot down when it came to the gas-fitters' ball last month, and once he saw that pitching a fit wouldn't sway me, he left in a huff. But I got my way, at least. And I can't regret it, for it was there that this plum of a mystery fell into my lap."
“We were in profound disarray. Mycroft was distraught, though very quietly so. Broken-hearted, not only at the loss of his beau, but also because he saw clearly that our father's love for him had died. I was too young to understand that a parent could change so completely, and I kept waiting for it to blow over and for the life I'd always known to resume. But Father never looked at Mycroft the same way again.
Young Billy showed her in, and as we stepped forward to make our introductions she broke into a wide smile. I could tell immediately that she was severely short-Sighted, for even standing directly before her and in physical contact as I bowed over her hand, I could pick up only a faint impression of excitement and the sense that our names were familiar to her. The block between our minds had none of the smoothness of a practiced mental shield; instead her thoughts and feelings reached me only in a soft blur. With her projection capabilities so stunted, her reception must be as bad or worse. I felt sure she could hardly See us. But as I stepped back and met her eyes, the lively mind behind them could not have been plainer.
I stared at him, aghast. Seeing at last a reflection of his own panic in my face, he waved a hand in my direction as if to congratulate me for catching up.
Mr. Windibank, his scandalous cruelties, and his ignominious defeat at the hands of his wronged step-daughter—rising up like Truth From Her Well to Shame Mankind, as the caption read—had a good run in the London newspapers. The photographer had been careful with the composition of the shot that went to print. Of Miss Sutherland, only her strong right arm and the back of her bonnet were visible, whereas Mr. Windibank's petrified face and defensive lunge were admirably clear and dramatically framed.
Immediately after Barack Obama was elected president in 2008, the rest of us watched appalled as people on the racist right started comparing both Barack Obama and Michelle Obama to gorillas, monkeys, apes, etc., verbally and visually. The grotesque resurrection of this racist trope was startling, sudden, and extremely disturbing. So that’s part of my baggage as a twenty-first century American watching this episode, and I’m sure it influenced my response to it.
Apart from starting with “Scandal in Bohemia” and ending with “The Final Problem,” there doesn’t seem to have been any attempt on Hawkesworth’s part to account for publication order. “The Naval Treaty” was the last story Doyle published in the Strand before “The Final Problem.” Maybe that explains the unusual number of WTF moments that Holmes has. The most famous his the one where, in the middle of interviewing Percy Phelps and Annie Harrison, Holmes goes off on a disquisition about the beauty of roses, apropos of nothing. But there are other things about Holmes’s behavior in “Naval Treaty” that are just weird, including the fact that he decides it would be a great idea to come up with an extra-dramatic way of springing the recovered treaty on his client–knowing full well that his client responded to the LAST major shock he received by collapsing for nine weeks with a life-threatening attack of ‘brain fever.’
and 1969, and the amount of variation and life he gets into these little disquisitions is awe-inspiring. I particularly enjoy the ones where he’s telling Lord Bollinger and Trelawney Hope how hopeless the situation already is, and the one he delivers to Watson–right before a carelessly tossed match sets the pile of newspapers on fire–in which he vents his frustration about his lack of progress. Brett allows Holmes, in this story, to be genuinely at a loss; instead of delivering a pre-formed conclusion, in these monologues Holmes is talking himself through the reasoning process, looking not just for the solution but for some kind of reassurance that he might actually find one. Just that little moment when he looks up at Watson and says, “Should I go to Paris?” as if he’s really not sure and hoping maybe Watson could answer the question for him–there are dozens of these little unexpected yet always ultimately in character choices that Brett makes on his way through these speeches.
, it is never anything more than a logistical problem. Mary Morstan plays virtually no role in any of the other stories. What Doyle seems to have really wanted is what most fans have always wanted: the two of them together in their bachelor pad in Baker Street, unencumbered by other human relationships (in canon, Mycroft is the only family member we ever meet, and he only shows up twice). So I have no problem with Hawkesworth’s decision to suppress the marriage. What I think was a mistake was to suppress the marriage
Bowen’s screenplay keeps the final speech, but I don’t think Bowen really grappled with its meaning. Instead, “The Cardboard Box” serves up its postmodern blend of Christmas cheer spiked with disgust and horror. Instead of the famous mind-reading passage, we get a nice cozy scene in 221b in which Holmes and Watson are discussing body-snatching and just how much the medical establishment is complicit in it. That really sets the tone for the whole episode: a kind of “Awww….eww?” Holmes’s own attitude toward Christmas seems to have soured quite a bit since “Blue Carbuncle;” he’s quite Scroogey when it comes to Christmas traditions in this one, whereas in “Blue Carbuncle” he’s generally indifferent to them when not enjoying them. Still, some sort of warmth occasionally burbles up through his curmudgeonliness, and it’s cheering to see his genuine delight at Watson wearing his present:
Watson’s a little out of focus there, but I bet he could use a cigarette too. And in fact, that’s really the best thing about this episode: it’s just so satisfying. So many ups and downs, so much energy–the scene with him crawling all over the floor looking for the secret compartment while Watson keeps a lookout for the fuzz is priceless–and in the end, so much joy when it all comes out right for once:
Paul does a good job of getting Holmes and Watson into the center of the action. Watson gets to pull the governess off the train himself, and the scene in which Watson and Holmes meet up at “Henderson’s” house (which Paul invents pretty much wholesale) is delectable, though one gets frustrated about Watson’s failure to perceive the urgency of the situation (dude, that woman trapped in the upper story who was signaling to you that she needed help SLIPPED YOUR MIND?). One cannot help but notice, however, that Paul seems to be writing with Burke and pre-1986 Brett in mind. Both Holmes and Watson are older and slower than the screenplay wants them to be, and you can really see it in the chase scenes (especially Watson chasing the cook–the cook is actually moving pretty slowly, but Watson is yet slower).
? I would give a LOT. Watson’s part in this one is tailor-made for Burke’s energy, the scene where Watson finds out Holmes has been hiding out on the moors without telling him would have been ON FIRE, and to see Brett charging around the countryside with the same elan with which he leaps over that couch in “The Red Headed League” would have brought joy to my dispirited heart.
