Antonia drags them inside chattering the entire way like a magpie. Finally, Tony thinks. Someone who talks almost as fast as he does!
Tony almost didn't want to hear it. It was taking everything he had not to lose control of the terrible anger brewing inside him. The fact that he was terrified of the thought of being given over to Ty, to have the disobedience fucked out of him, only made it worse.
“Of course. You’ll find in the research I gave you that Fewer Queen Fels are born to the Pride than any other type, but nature is logical.” T’Challa answered with a stiffness that betrayed his displeasure with Tony’s line of thinking.
Just like the last time Thor had journeyed down here for a word with him he was carrying a tall steaming mug, and just like last time Dummy seemed to take his presence there and the offering as some sort of threat to Tony's safety.
"That's less important for you guys to worry about.  Avengers business. But there's a lot we could learn from this and a lot of ways we could develop superior weaponry out of Stark Resilient. "
Steve looked up as Natasha walked into his room without bothering to knock.
The little voice that whispers this is what he wants, what he was made for, can just go fuck itself because the truth is he can’t have this because he can’t protect it. Someone had almost taken these kits and he knew he’d never survive it if it were a child of his own. And if Tony Stark Genius Billionaire
Clint reached for the remote and flicked the television off and he could practically feel Phil’s questioning look.
Look whatever feel good propaganda the media liked to push about the wonderful responsibility of raising a kit of your very own, the reality is they're pets if they’re lucky; and too many aren't lucky at all and end up objects of their master's sexual appetites. Coulson wouldn't be the first human to fall in love with his charge but it's not like he'd the first to abuse his position either.
This section of the beach was largely deserted but down the shore there were pockets of people. Families enjoying a warm summer day, watching the boats go by, fishermen hauling their catches to the docks, calling out to those who waited on shore.
"Yes, mommy dearest.” Tony promised with a smirk he knew she’d pick up in his tone even over the phone. Tony slowed his walk as he reached the meeting room where (not) Pepper had directed him his three o’clock appointment was waiting. “Now wish me luck. I'm going in to interview another applicant."
“I realize that you are angry with me,” T’Challa sighed in response, clearly still not convinced though small smile had appeared again on his too pretty mouth. “I accept your taunting as my due. But I hope that if you are willing... perhaps you will spare me a dance?”
~*~*~
She arched a brow and that alone seemed to make her expression go from unaccountably soft to dangerous and (because he liked his balls attached) Tony quickly back tracked with a giggle. Perhaps his inner Rhodey was right and he should slow down on the drinks.
Bruce did know, and he was fairly good at reading between the lines. Bucky was gone and Tony went out of his way to prove he neither wanted nor needed Steve.
“I’m digitally remastered in high definition. Right Bruce?”
“They’re moving fast Cap,” Tony warned. He was using another small percentage of brain power to follow where Jarvis had hacked into the buildings security feed.
“How do we find them?” he snapped, Captain America ready to take on Hydra and all other foes and make them pay. “How do we get him back?”
Tony might be young but he understands that what Obi means is that Tony and his mother are the complication.
Sure enough the negro boy is standing there, looking thinner than ever but still stall and broad shoulder and squaring his jaw with stiff pride as he looks down at Tony.
*~*~*
The waves come, another rush of pain that seems unbearable. They hold on to each other and vow not to break.
“It’s supposed to be stronger, but I can’t get it to work right.” The kit finished despondently, like all his dreams had died with it as he frowned down at his creation and Tony resented the flash back to being of similar age and height, wilting as Howard criticized his work.
Tony sics his lawyers on AIM and Viastone and meets Harley's mom. There's a cat-costumed vigilante hanging around that SHIELD seems curiously unconcerned with and a certain medic keeps popping up to be annoying observant and kind of amusing. Meanwhile Tony's struggles to stabilize extremis lead Thor to suggest a trip off planet to commune with the cat goddess herself. In other words, welcome to the Thor flavored chapters. Magical shenanigans ensue.
Tony thinks that's the last he'll see of the boy but he wonders about him for days after that, fearful that his big mouth really had gotten his rescuer in trouble – imagining him rotting in a prison somewhere for some petty crime he didn't commit, because he wouldn't. He's not that sort of person. Tony can tell. He's the sort of person who steps in front of a thief because it's the right thing, even if it brings him trouble.
The medic blinked slowly at him and said, even slower as if he were testing the words, “So you’re saying that his mother actually knows Bastet. The Panther God?”
Steve made a low sound, a sad sort of half chuckle and Bruce watched him curiously out of the corner of his eye as he put the kettle on the heat.
"Thanks for the concern, it's touching how much you care." Tony sneered and Fury gave a derisive snort.
“They can keep the family jewels if their pockets are big enough. I’m more concerned with the millions of acres of wilderness.”
“Steve!” Stark sounded wrecked. But Ivan couldn’t even hear him over the sound of his own scream. Because now there was a pain unlike anything he has ever felt tearing through his head. A thousand jagged teeth, ripping and tearing at his mind at once, paralyzing him with the agony of it. It’s a familiar agony, but no more bearable for the familiarity. This is what it feels like to be torn apart from the inside out, to have your mind reduced to shreds and scattered to bits. The only thing different about now, and every other time he has been put in the chair, is the flavor. He didn’t know it could have flavors.
So Clint had broken cover and told Tony the truth, which had effectively lost him his job, his boyfriend, and also meant Fury losing his shit, but Clint couldn't be a hundred percent positive that Fury hadn't figured he might pull something like that to beginning with. Because he wasn't sacked like he should have been and the gamble had paid off in the end.
Great. Perfect. Behind him Tony could hear the
The tomkat leapt for an adjacent ledge less gracefully than he might have otherwise and Steve grinned, catching his rebounding disk and sending it flying again.
Tony’s fingers literally itched to touch it and he had to bite back all the questions he had (what kind of metal was that, how did it work, what kind of alloy had that kind of flexibility without compromising integrity) because Pepper kept telling him it was rude to ask someone about their tech before you knew their name.
“Wasn’t dressed for the date,” Tony quipped through gritted teeth. It burned. It positively galled (it terrified). He ignored the slightly stunned but pleased expression on Steve’s face because that level of awe shucks was just uncalled for. Tony wasn’t that much of a loose cannon.
As the thing came after him with a violent shriek Tony grinned.
“Ha, do not think just because we are allies Friend Tony that I shall go easy on you.” He heard Thor crow.
"Might be better to have a witness. I'm not a huge fan of Ty and Pepper's threatened to castrate me if I cause anymore incidents. If I do get the urge to start filling my bathtub with blood, I don't trust the others not to just help me."
"I don't have a - " he began, only to be stopped by Steve who coughed and shook his head as covertly as he could, eyes boring into Tony's in a way that pleaded with him to just let it go.
"I know." Natasha leaned against the door and Steve looked at her, contemplating.
None of the guests besides the Kǫtrdýr could feel it happening of course but the hall grew eerily hushed as Bastet wove the two together. Of course mating was possible without a Queen's involvement but the Queen brought her power and the power of the whole Pride behind her. Only a bond reinforced by the Queen was unbreakable.
“This doesn’t look good Tony. Happy, can you back up?” Pepper asked, gripping Tony’s knee tensely.
“You know my Papa used to say that a leader who can’t apologize is a leader no one can respect.”
days?
“Ah. You mean me. Bastet told me when my scent was starting to match yours.” Tony hated to admit that but at this point he didn’t see a point in avoiding the issue. Apparently, his nose wasn’t strong enough to pick up the changes yet but T’Challa’s was. So Bastet had been wrong. The difference in their sensitivity hadn’t started with the introduction of homo-sapien DNA but with the genetic tampering done by humans that had resulted in modern Gata. Tony clenched his teeth, swallowing back the rise of an old familiar rage.
(Bruce I-)
Technically Anna and the others didn't need them since they'd be at the safehouse "abandoned" but Nyota wanted them to be traceable if something were to go wrong. T'Cael had come up with the idea of turning their collars into communicators and Nyota could have kissed him. Sometimes it paid to have a kid brother who was a genius.
Howard had taken him once, to watch a kit get his shots. He'd watched the kit go limp in his mothers arms, glass clouding her little eyes while her brain lost a chemical war it had never had a chance of winning in the first place; that sour sweet twang trickling through the room.
“Good point,” Steve admitted with a regretful shrug. She was right, and she’d even been fairly gentle about it. He’d seen plenty how Natasha had no patience for stupid.
It occurred to Tony then that Steve might just be as uncertain as he was, just as nervous to be going out on a date with
"What, something different other than dealing with my stubborn ass?" Tony asked skeptically, because lets get real, there were a million other things Rhodey could be doing with his time. Deserved to be doing with his time really.
Tony shrugged.
“Jaime go back! We have to go back for them,” she pleaded instead with the young man in the pilot’s chair. He was the oldest of them all and the unofficial leader, but he’s white faced as he steers their vessel above the city of New York, and there’s something childlike about the way his eyes flick toward the console as that voice, identical to her papa’s and yet not enough, fills the flight deck.
“But it was unnecessary to try and initiate a relationship with you when it could not go anywhere.” She’d admitted to him privately and the fight had leaked out of him.
“Nonsense, I’ve slept with you Barton. Kinda insulted over here that you forgot.” Tony had rejoined. Stalled more like, and he didn’t even know why he’d pretended to misunderstand because he knew exactly what they were all getting at.
"Suit yourself Katsicle." Tony shrugged nonchalantly. He never turned his eyes from the screen but Bruce didn't think he actually heard very much of it after that.
Didn’t they understand that it hurt?
And sure enough.
She was sitting primly on Tony’s expensive white couch, her soft peach suit perfectly matched with the manicured nails on the hand that was scratching between Andre’s ears.
It really wasn’t.
, Steve curling protectively over him as he brought the shield up.
“Looks like somethings blocking the road ahead Boss, maybe an accident?”
For the moment he just held her, giving as much comfort as he took, and not allowing his mind to dwell on questions that only time could answer.
Sometimes Howard’s tests make them burn inside, make them sick for days and rabid in their mind until nobody but Jarvis dares to get near them.
“Final question. The contractor you’re paying ridiculous amounts of money to build your city on an island in the middle of winter, suddenly stops for reasons you both know are bullshit, in the hopes of squeezing more money out of you. What do you do?” Tony asked.
But the Bucky in the photo was nothing like that, and not much like the impossibly beautiful shade that the Benu had dragged out of Steve’s consciousness to torture him either. One look at the old black and white photo of a grinning Private Barnes in army fatigues, with one muscled arm thrown over an alarmingly skinnier version of Steve’s shoulder, had been enough for Tony to see the truth.
“That’s unfortunate. I’d stick with Patches.”
As Tony had feared, the team had been dragged before old one-eyed wonder before the ink had dried on their medical discharge papers, and the lecturing and posturing had commenced without so much as a hello upon their entry.
"Can you not use something other than silicone?" Thor asked and Tony shrugged.
Pepper, frowning now, opened her mouth to protest and Tony smirked. The smirk slid off his face however when somewhere off camera T’Challa spoke up again.
“I want to go home with you Steve.”
“Later,” Tony answered with a sigh, turning on the faucet with a thought (it was easier now to access the technology around him without pain) ducking back inside to wash up. “Got a meeting at one, and Harley’s coming this afternoon. If you wouldn’t mind taking over the lesson for the day while I talk to mom.”
Ivan grits his teeth, tension prickling his spine along with the start of nausea.
But a moment later Natasha's alarm turned to dread because two more familiar faces stepped into view.
“It’s an illusion. We’re all trapped inside our heads. I can pull us out, but you’ve got to help me.”
"Family means different things to different people. You're scared of it Tony."
Tony knows it’s a mistake but he loses his temper. He spits out the bar, and as it drops to the floor with a dull thud he sneers, “You can’t wash away the truth! Or don’t you know that either?”
“I left E.T. in the ceiling back at the warehouse. Just in case I wasn’t able to get you out.”
"I've got trapped civilians in a crashed bus and six heavily armed insurgents. Clint?" Natasha reported and Tony heard the sound of rapid gunfire followed by a low hiss of pain which he felt faintly echo across their bond before Natasha had the wherewithal to put up a wall. They were both getting better at them. It wasn't comfortable blocking each other out but for focus' sake it was sometimes necessary.
"From what I've read Ms. Romanov we're not much of a pride."
They’re good Catholics. That’s very important to everybody.
When Tony said he had a ‘plan’ what he actually meant was he had a basic idea of what they needed to do in a short amount of time (it wouldn’t take that chopper long to spot the tracks they’d made from the barn to the house and for the armed foot units to come sniffing) and just enough desperation to try it.
Tony let out an exasperated breath. Yup, S.H.I.E.L.D. was in some pretty big trouble and of course they were going to lean on their golden boy to make everything alright. Still, there was nothing Tony could do but read the files and figure out a way he could help. Meanwhile, Lara walked up next to him and set her glass down on the counter.
"That's a long time to have a headache," the doctor said. "Have you seen anyone about this before?"
It started happening again and this time it was more of a fight for Clint to keep his focus in one world. He didn't know which one was real – hell, they could
"No," both Lara and Bruce said at the same time.
Originally posted to FFN on 10/19/20.
"All set?" Lara nodded. "Good. If you'll just follow me, we'll get you settled into a testing room."
"Making it right now," Bruce confirmed, flipping the egg over in the pan as he spoke.
Holding her wrist out in front of her, Natasha slowly guided the light across the wall to find a light switch. Turning it on, Tony was stunned by what he saw. Furniture was overturned. Broken glass and dishware were scattered everywhere. Nothing on the first floor seemed to have been spared, other than his mother's grand piano. (Which Tony was thankful for given that he had just gotten the thing restored.) The chandeliers had even been ripped down from the ceiling. He could see thousand-dollar bottles of wine smashed on the floor and first editions from the study with their pages ripped out and tossed on the floor. The police had told him that a lot of his property had been damaged, but he really wasn't expecting this.
"You said you should be held responsible," Tony said. "But you never said 'sorry.'" Carol shook her head.
"My God," Steve said. "And is Tony really…"
"Like if I tried to ruin everyone's day by sneaking out again?" Tony's grim tone caused Steve to frown.
"No," Tony said. "My dad didn't say anything. He just… Laughed at a joke I didn't find funny."
"Hey there, living legend," Tony said. "I don't know if you're up for it, but I got you a cheeseburger if you're hungry." Tony held up the bag to show Steve. The Super Soldier's face noticeably brightened.
"I don't see how that's a fail-safe," Natasha said.
"Yeah," Tony said. "I'm fine. Just a little sick to my stomach. I'm good." Tony tried to wave off Steve's concern, but that only caused Steve to frown and his eyebrows to knit together. Hesitantly, as not to startle Tony, Steve reached out and pressed the back of his hand to Tony's forehead.
"I understand what you're doing and why you're doing it," he said carefully, still trying to figure out exactly what he was doing. "If the situation were different, I'd be right with you."
SPECIAL THANKS:
Clint got up and sprinted to his partner, Natasha Romanoff. She was on her knees, digging through the pile of ash, looking for something. Clint bent down, grabbed her by the shoulder, and turned her to face him. The look of horror on her face was one he had only seen once before, and it terrified him to see it again.
"No, it's not-" Tony tried to argue, but Pepper cut him off.
"And if he does see that?" Lara asked.
"Because I respect Tony's privacy," he said. "He went to the trouble of getting that information redacted from his S.H.I.E.L.D. file. He obviously doesn't want it being brought up, so I never asked him." Slowly, Rhodes nodded in understanding.
"Okay, Brother Daniel." Carol had a hard time keeping the venom out of her voice, but she managed to hide her disdain enough to get him to let go of her hand. Carol discreetly wiped her hand on her pants as soon as it was free. "It's wonderful to meet you."
"Save the rest for the turn, J." With that, the comms cut off and Tony was absolute, frighteningly alone. He couldn't focus on that, though. All that mattered was getting the damn missile into the portal. Nothing else.
"Do you need any help?" Tony asked. "Like in the way of protection." Lara shook her head.
"Right," Freeman agreed. "If you get asked something that's not on the script, you can either roll with it or choose not to comment."
"No," Bruce said. "Why would it?"
"Close it." Steve gave the command, but his voice was far too soft, weak… The Avengers may have stopped the Chitauri, but Steve Rogers was completely and utterly defeated. Just as he and Tony finally acknowledged there was something between them… No, he couldn't go through that thought process now. He just… He needed…
"I'm already trapped here," he said. "I don't really think I should be forced to give up anything else." The doctor gave Clint what he could only describe as a pitying look.
All Bruce had gotten for himself was a bottle of water. He said he was still full of all the food he ate at the gala, but Lara still felt guilty about pigging out on ice cream while he had nothing. She would offer to share her food, but she knew from reading Amazon reviews of Haribo Sugar-Free Gummi Bears that eating diabetic food could make non-diabetics very sick. She didn't wish that upon Bruce (or anyone, really) so she refrained from doing so. Either way, Bruce didn't seem to mind.
"Did you say anything else we should know about?" Fury asked.
It once again fell silent in the room. Natasha was not sure whether that was a good or a bad thing. Stark looked like he needed another moment to process the information and she let him have it. Eventually, he started pouring more spoilt apple juice into his shot glass and Nat pushed hers over to be refilled as well. Again, they toasted before knocking back the shots. It still tasted as horrible as it did the first few times, but both did a much better job of controlling their reactions.
The pamphlet was far from a detailed gospel, but it did paint a picture of what the People's Unity Church generally believed. Apparently, human beings were not of Earth. Originally, they had been the inhabitants of a world called Aurelia, known as the Raël. The Raël were essentially the purest beings in the galaxy. However, that couldn't save them from mass extinction. First there was a plague, then they became entangled in a war in which they had no stakes. They were being hunted by an alien race known as the Kree, and the only way to save themselves was to send their souls to a planet with an unlimited number of empty vessels (bodies) ripe for the taking. This was supposedly how the Earth came to be inhabited.
"Do we have to keep running for much longer?" she asked.
"But I do find a lot about that woman concerning." Tony furrowed his brow. "Oh, don't act so surprised. You had to know this was coming." He couldn't really argue with that.
"I didn't want to tell her like this," he said. "Remember, you're making me do this."
"Why?" he questioned. "Why would she tell you that?"
"No, no," Pepper said. "It's okay. You don't want me seeing this?"
"Five or six weeks," she said. "I hadn't even suspected anything yet." She looked down and Bruce maneuvered his pizzas to put a comforting hand on her shoulder.
"I'd offer you something to drink," he said. "But Pepper cleared this place of all alcohol two weeks ago. The strongest thing I can offer you is a bottle of apple juice with a best by date of 10/17/11." Natasha shrugged.
"And this 'special promotion' you're giving him," Salinas said. "What is that all about?"
"I'm sorry Cap," he said. "But as far as we know Agent Carter is the only surviving person on this Earth that knew you – before or after Captain America."
"I could have sworn…"
"I'm not upset, I'm pissed," Tony clarified.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Charles smiled before placing his finger back on the shard again. He looked Marx directly in the eye as he asked, "what would be the best way to install socialism in a capitalist society?" Marx said nothing in response, but Charles could feel his left-hand twitch of its own accord. He didn't move or say anything, not wanting to sever the connection while he was in the middle of transferring the information. Eventually, he felt his hand stop moving and only then did he feel safe to remove his finger from the shard.
Once Lara was gone, Bruce got up and went down the hall to his room to get a couple of spare blankets he kept in his closet. Returning back to Clint's room, he spread one blanket over Natasha – who was sitting up on the bed on top of the comforter – and the other over Steve and Tony – who were cuddled together on the loveseat, Tony resting his head on Steve's shoulder. Satisfied that his teammates were at least somewhat comfortable, he turned off the TV and returned to his room for the night.
Because my last author's note was so long, I didn't get a chance to thank everybody for showing their support throughout the hiatus! So, thank you to mfaerie32 on FFN, and Saidra, DiveTooDeep, and all the guests who showed their support on AO3! You guys rock! I'd appreciate it if everyone reading this would continue to show support by leaving a comment or a review, but just be advised I might not reply right away. I'll still read it but I don't think my head is focused enough right now to generate a valid response. I don't even think it's focused enough to generate a valid author's note, but here we are.
"You can't," Tony said as he tried to pry them off him. "I just said I have a boyfriend."
"Alright," he said. "But if anything needs to be signed, hand it back to me because I know you can't forge my signature."
"Three minutes, max." Tony could feel all his inner organs sink. He blasted back as many of his attackers as he could. "The payload will wipe out Mid-town."
There are many things we aren't meant to overhear as children. Sometimes, it's just a little tidbit of information that isn't too consequential when it really comes down to it. Less often, it's something that completely traumatizes them for life. However, unfortunately for Steve, it was the latter of the two.
"But you know we're the problem children who could mess this all up," Clint finished. "Tell me I'm wrong."
"What?" Barton leaned over to get a better look at the phone.
What Steve heard his mother say in the kitchen haunted him. His mother almost never cried. As a nurse, she saw people who were sick or injured every day and was never once driven to tears. Even when Steve was sick himself, she was able to hold it together, even with the bleakest diagnosis. So if something was so horrific that it made his mom cry, it was really truly horrific.
Dialing 911, Oswin tried her damnedest to confess over the phone, but thanks to her powers acting up the operator on the other end of the line couldn't hear her. Throwing the phone away and realizing that she'd be faced with a similar situation if she tried to go to the police station to confess, Oswin let out a pained groan. This was the definition of a rock and a hard place. If only there was something to get around her powers…
"Oh God is he an idiot," he said. "He spent half the week trying to convince me that recruiting the Avengers and then he screamed at me when it didn't work. If I never had to be in the same room with him again, it'd be too soon."
At that precise moment, a sonic boom shook the entire building. Thinking fast, Tony pushed the woman in front of him to the ground with just seconds to spare before the glass pane that served as the room's fourth wall shattered into a million pieces. People screamed and scrambled for cover; seeking shelter from the flying splinters of glass as whatever it was that just struck the tower flew into the opposite wall, adding chunks of plaster and drywall to the mix.
"I figured," he said. "But Lara called and said that you weren't replying to her texts and asked me to check on you." Tony frowned.
"Once again, if you are just joining us, you're watching WABC-TV, I'm Rosaleen Abraham, and right now what your looking at on screen is a view of the newly-built Stark Tower in Midtown, Manhattan. Police have been called to the scene as reports of an active shooter have come in…"
Things were quiet for a half a second after that, but as Tony touched down on the ground next to Steve, the streets were quickly filled with a new sound; cheering and applause, all for them. It would have been quite the moment if it weren't for the incredibly dangerous situation they were in. The frightened citizens must have thought that bringing down the sky-whale was the end of it, but in fact, it was only the beginning, and all the Avengers knew it.
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review and Juliet1996 favorite and follow on FFN, and YueRyong and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
The two of them turned to walk through the archway leading to the kitchen. When they did, they came upon a surprise. Sitting on one of the barstools in front of the island counter was Stark. Other than the facts that he was wearing sunglasses indoors, his complexion was paler than normal, and he looked like he dropped ten pounds, he looked much more put together than the last time they saw him. He was nursing a cup of coffee while Cap stood in front of one of the two stovetops and looked to be scrambling eggs. Natasha took the lead in approaching him.
"So the headache started before the fever and vomiting," Rawls said. "Is that what you're saying?"
Clint outright cackled at that, and Tony had to cough into his hand to avoid joining him. Even Coulson was battling a smile as Steve just shrugged, that slow barely there smile of his appearing once more as the kid steamrolled on.
“Is it possible somebody reverse engineered parts of the suit?” Bruce asked, replaying the clip of one of the thieves taking off at a run and springing off the wall to take flight, neatly avoiding becoming entangled in whatever ropey web like substance Spiderman was ejecting.
Ivan says that they are tools in a grand machine, and that their purpose is to follow their directive. There is no good to be done that isn’t for the motherland, and therefore they must empty themselves of everything else. He says this with no conviction. He is like a machine.
“In theory, anything is possible. But to reverse engineer my armor based on sight alone, frankly they’d have to be smarter than I am.” Tony denied and the words hung heavy in the silent room. He wondered if they could all hear the fear in his voice the same way he could. He wasn’t afraid of the possibility of running into someone smarter than he was. Tony was arguably only the second smartest person in the known universe (fucking Reed Richards) but only an idiot actually thought they could hold the metaphorical crown forever anyway. That was the way of the future. Sooner or later somebody smarter gets discovered.
For eons, fire was sacred. A blessing gifted by the gods’, something no mortal man could ever hope to obtain without divine intervention. Then, the witches came. Mortals who wield power, not unlike that of the deities. And with that, fire became more accessible. With every conjured blaze and crackling fire, came silence from that of the divine, encouraging the widespread use of the holy flame.
. Steve’s fingers yearned to capture the way Tony’s eyes danced with mirth. Not to mention the heat in his gaze as Tony tracked Steve’s movements. There was always a glint in the man’s brown eyes, not unlike light from a fire, even when there was nothing ablaze.
. A year of Tony doing Lord only knows what as he travels the villages, igniting flames into homes and being paid handsomely for his work. His only companions the coal cats that pulse with power in time with the blue glow under his shirt.
“Can’t imagine why I would,” He said instead, closing what he was reading and rearranging his blanket as he stood up. Tony pouted cinematically, all dramatics and teasing. Oh, his
“Ah! Friend Tony,” he greeted the smaller man as he turned, the boy Harley wobbling somewhat precariously from his perch on Thor’s wide shoulders. “You have come up from your forge. Young Harley and I are decorating for Yuletide. Though there is a sore lack of proper decorations to be had.”
Tony’s head snapped up as the gentle thought brushed through his mind, turning to see that Natasha was awake watching him through heavy lidded eyes. Relief washed through him at the sight and he remembered how to breathe as he sagged down before her, legs giving out on him.
There was little place in the world for a child of his body right now, and perhaps even less so for whatever JARVIS would become if they broke that final barrier. Maybe one day they would, because Tony's brain was so much better connected now, so much faster and more efficient than it had ever been, and he saw the way now.
So anyway, they spend time together. It’s too early for Tony to have missed any important dates and Steve hasn’t taken him up on any of the numerous invitations he’s offered to screw like rabbits in his extremely comfortable pent-house, so Steve can’t exactly be disappointed with their sex life either.
It’s a cleanup job mostly. Tony had already decimated most of the enemy by the time they’d even landed so that when SHIELD formed a perimeter and Clint and the others came marching in, there are guys in rubber suits literally crying uncle and begging to be arrested.
For his part Prince T’Challa didn’t put up a protest. His nod was gracious as he let Tony’s hand fall and stepped back, but there was something about the way that he looked at Steve that made his hackles rise. He ignored it, pushing thoughts of the tom aside to focus on what he needed to which was taking care of Tony. Gently taking his hand Steve began to tug him toward the center of the room where couples were engaging in dance as the band played something smooth and slow that Steve didn’t recognize.
He didn't want them either, Tony realized slowly. He didn't want to walk away from this without knowing where it could have gone.
Tiberius Stone and Maya Hansen. Their presence here with Killian whether willing or forced could only mean things had gone very badly.  Just how badly she'd have to wait and see.
That was just bullshit. Right? At least he wanted it to be bullshit.
Eventually it would blow and he’d never forgive himself if it hurt the Pride in some way he could have avoided with simple honesty. And besides that, Steve had told Tony the truth even when it would have been easier not to. He’d done exactly as Tony had asked, trusted in what they had and Tony’s ability to handle the truth, and Tony would have to be the shittiest person alive to repay his trust with that kind of cowardice.
IT MEANS WE LEARN TO FLY.
“Tony you need to ease off on the drinks.” Rhodey whispered harshly, keeping a pleasant expression on his face as he guided Tony away from a cluster of dignitaries wanting to know if Captain Rogers planed on collaring him now that they were an item.
The reporter was asking the man in the suit, who the caption beneath declared was someone named Tom Huckbey, press secretary for the Governor of Massachusetts.
Tony was already curled up in the middle of Bruce's bed when he made it there, so after crawling in and letting Tony sleepily entangle their limbs he drifted off to sleep, confident in his chances of a good nights rest.
Most of the medical supplies that Tony needed were easily found in the bathroom off the kitchen, and Harley quickly rounded up everything else. Tony was throwing what food supplies were immediately available in the kitchen into a grocery bag when Harley appeared again, a duffel bag almost bigger than he was strapped to his back.
The hospital disappears and he’s a child, walking with Mama and Jarvis in the park.
Clint showed up in the early hours of morning, having figured out what Natasha was up to and had generally made a nuisance of himself banging on the doors and refusing to leave until Bruce finally gave up and let him inside. Steve showed up following Pepper and Rhodey that afternoon under the pretense that he couldn’t in good conscience let them go in alone because they were squishier than a super soldier, only to be exasperated to learn that the others had been there earlier and put themselves at risk.
He nodded toward where Tony was still entertaining a rapt crowd of important persons, including Prince T’Challa. They all looked to be laughing at something Tony had said, but Tony wasn’t looking at any of them. Steve started when he realized that Tony’s eyes had sought him through the crowd and he felt his lips stretch into a smile as their gazes met.
T’Challa had told them about the Nehe stone that had led Tony to conclude (rather reasonably) that the gem T’Challa wore around his neck was some sort of knock off. I mean why wouldn’t he come to that conclusion when the real Nehe stone had belonged to the first Alurio woman and was supposedly being passed down through her decedents?
There’s no warning. One-minute Ivan is holding them intending on sleep, just as (she) remembers and the next he has reached for one of the knives hidden in his boot and has rolled on top of them in the dirt.
“Furthermore,” Tony began again, because he figured he might as well take advantage before T’Challa realized that the title of reasonable adult definitely did not apply to one Tony Stark. “Thank you for warning me about Steve’s bond loss. He might still be suffering if you hadn’t backed up Harley’s data; but that said, stay out of my relationship. Okay?”
"Aye, my friend." The big blond nodded. "If you desire a place at the table a representative from your house must participate. And certainly, if you wish an audience with Queen Bastet you must prove your valor. It is the Kǫtrdýr way."
Steve laid Tony gently on the bed, as if he were made of glass and the fel curled in on himself, shivering as he desperately chased after a conscious stream of thought that wasn’t how badly he wanted Steve to touch him. If he could keep thinking then he was still in control. He could keep himself safe.
“I wouldn’t get too close to our foreign friends over there then. Someone might decide to stake their claim and don’t take my word for it but the Alurio sound pretty old school to me.”
"That's your uncle Isiah." Mama answers and her voice is stressed with hope and fear, but she doesn't move. "My brother."
And just to kill any opposition Tony might have been able to come up with she turned those big blue eyes on him – that were twice as effective because they were hers –  and went for the jugular.
Tony glances up and rolls his eyes because they're looking at each other again, in the way that Tony has figured out means they want to have sex with something (probability being each other). He has a very vivid imagination that he doesn’t want to invoke.
He twists to keep his eye on his target and sees that the shot went wide. The kat in the armor is staggering now, but he and the Walsh girl are still limping down the last set of escalators past the team of black clad SHIELD agents on their way up.
Wakanda wasn’t impressed with the western powers sniffing at their borders for many reasons, chief of which was the atrocities committed against Gata kind, but the efforts of progressive lawmakers Steve had never even heard of and the resulting creation of the Avengers Pride gave them hope for the future. He’d said it all with grace and the kind of magnetism Steve had come to associate Tony with, a smile fixed on his face the entire time that stole people’s attention away from the underlining threat in his every word and everyone had cheered.
And normally, maybe he wouldn’t, but in that moment Tony wasn’t normal. All he could think about was getting his hands on her, showing her what happened to people who hurt his people.
"Not just for that, but for access to the country itself. We'd send a group of delegates in along with a team of chosen experts to observe the Wakandian way of life and prepare a special report, for our own government as well as to be shared at the world summit. I don't need to stress how important this is."
I’m saying that hunting them down like they are animals is the wrong. Was I not clear? I have the Iron Man armor. I’ve only ever used the armor to defend myself and innocent people. I’ve spent the last two decades of my life devoted to protecting people, and fighting for the civil rights of myself and others like me- so that the next time you have to shoot some kit full of bullets cause your drugs backfired or your experiment made him go rabid, maybe you’ll rethink who the animal is in this situation.
Jaime didn’t rise to the bait. He was a lot like his dad sometimes, but annoyingly just when she was most geared up for a fight he turned into his other father and just gave her this look like she was being the biggest brat on the planet and he wasn’t going to take any of her shit. It could be annoying as hell but she loved him anyway.
(Don’t be. All of that other stuff? It’s behind us. This, this is the future. You’ve just gotta believe we can get there. I believe we can. How about it Buddy, take a chance with me?)
“And you are naturally wary of strangers.” The tom nodded in understanding. “It is a calming tea. Mr. Stark. Heat puts your body under a lot of stress and with tonight’s events you are in danger of overloading yourself. This root is known to provide a stabilizing effect.”
“That would be kind of useless,” he pointed out. “Seeing how Tony doesn’t stay put anywhere unless it’s his lab and I don’t want to think about what he’d do to anyone who tried to pee in his space like that.”
“For doing this to you. Clint’s right, I had no idea what I was doing and you trusted me. I’m sorry I let you down.”
Before he can bring that knife down on their throat, Tony shoves the other two under and the forest around them warps liquid and hazy until it rights itself and the hot heat of sand is beneath Tony and the sun beats harshly down upon the soldier’s head.
Because it would have driven her crazy not to hear their voices again. It made her gut clench thinking of sending Jaime and the others off. Not knowing when or if they’d see each other again. That was the real reason why she was building weapons.
“I’m talking about Stark.”
Amory grunted as she pushed him aside, her fingers flying over the controls as she adjusted the machine. In the back of her mind she knows she doesn’t have enough time. Her fingers can’t type fast enough.
“Damn it.” he cursed as he slowed to a stop, already knowing the score even before JARVIS announced the critical blow.
For a horrible moment Tony thinks the officer is going to arrest the young man out of spite, but thankfully self-preservation wins out. Tony is a Stark man and that means something.
Queen,
*****
Tony wanted to help them. Wanda too, and Bucky and the speedy one they didn’t know the name of. They were victims of the same system that chewed up Gata and spat them back out every day, and it was not their fault that they’d drawn the short straw in the pack of shit straws. Tony had suffered. He’d been experimented on, but he’d never been forced to choose between stealing or starving like some, or to kill for others unless be killed himself.
And there, for the tiniest moment Ty met his eyes and they flashed a familiar angry gold as the tom nodded and promised with an air of certainty. "Another time Tony."
“Clint and Thor followed the team headed to the barn. They’ve secured the situation. Natasha’s fine.” Steve assured him, reaching tentatively for Tony’s other arm, presumably to help him walk. Tony stared balefully at his hand, tail arcing in warning until he decided better of it and withdrew. It wasn’t that he didn’t get that Steve was trying to help (because Tony’s body was just about done and any idiot with eyes could see that he could use some help).
"We are sir. The video is a match at exactly ninety two percent suggesting that our masked friend is either the king of Wakanda or a relation. However it is unlikely, which is why I referred to it as an anomaly, especially given that our second match is far more likely. Though I'm afraid Sir, that it may come as a bit of an unpleasant surprise."
"Lucky for you Rogers I am an excellent multitasker."
It’s not that Tony isn’t eager to spend time with Steve. Because he is. Rogers is unexpectedly a lot of fun to be around (now that they’re not constantly at each other’s throats) and he’s got a secret thrill junkie streak to rival even Tony’s, that comes out to play in the most thrilling (and sometimes titillating) of ways. Be still his beating heart.
"Ride The Lightning is an American treasure Rogers, and our anthem is rooted in oppression and glorifies the government of our oppressors."
Tony giggled gleefully, still high on the thrill of being alive and the dizzying spike of adrenaline that had accompanied the whole ordeal.
“I respect that this is difficult for you. I respect that diving into your past probably feels like opening Pandora’s box, and I respect that you think keeping silent will protect me and the Pride. But you’re wrong and I can’t let you be wrong.” When Tony spoke again the harshness had left his voice but it was no less firm. This felt like the most important conversation he’d ever had or ever would have.
“Yes. He’s been a big help while I’ve been deconstructing their tech. we’re working purely off visuals so it’s a slow process.” Tony said, tapping the top of the silver disk that contained the energy shield.
Pushing away from the chair he’d been leaning on Tony stepped smoothly between Natasha and the glowering she-tom, doing his best to pump out those calming pheromones fels were supposed to be so good at and forcing levity into his voice.
The air crackles around them and the ruby red lines on the golden armlets glow florescent before a wave pushes the soldier back, sending him sprawling in the dirt. He stares up at Tony who has rolled and gotten onto his feet, palms up and ready to fire, barely noticing the world shifting and warping around them like a television on the fritz.
But sometimes, having home turf advantage was worth its weight in gold and certain people in the business world needed the reminder that his high-rise view and power statement furnishings provided. Pepper had a deft hand at that sort of thing, and she’d spent a ridiculous amount of his money to assure that anyone who walked into his office would know that Tony Stark was the kat in charge, emphasis on the kat.
“No, from the sounds of it he fucked off back to Wakanda to give his report. Even if he does come back with Prince T’Challa I think he knows better than to try and initiate contact with me. Can’t say I’m a huge fan of people who infiltrate my home and spy on me without my knowledge.”
~*~*~*~
Obi is there to take Tony’s hand and lead him out of the workshop when Hughard snaps at him for messing up his work, and to explain that his papa doesn’t mean to be short... it’s just that he has a lot on his mind right now.
“Tony, do we have eyes on the hostage?” Steve shouted over the comms, thankful not for the first time for flying teammates who weren’t restricted to getting places on foot.
“With every babe born, every foreigner taken in, you give a beautiful gift and at the same time you take a terrible risk. Sometimes being so close to others makes it all the harder to see their deception. The skilled can hide their motives and learn to exploit the weaknesses you won’t be able to hide. That is why you must have Queensgard and why your mate must be loyal to you and no other. Your Consort is your sword as well as your shield. I do not like to think of you holding a sword that is aimed at you.”
Kate was still dishing out food while the others gobbled it up, almost before it settled on their plates. Riri had saved her a seat at the table because she was awesome. Nyota did a quick head count as she took her seat. There were eleven, including herself.
A line that had something to do with Luke Debar, because it was no coincidence that he was carrying around a replica of Bastet's stone. The Nehe Stone.
When Steve walked into the living room of the common floor, freshly showered and in his baby blue button down and Pepper approved khakis, Tony had to remind himself again. Steve was a knotted sweater away from looking like some Ivy league Douchebag, but damn if didn’t make it look good and that flicker of relief he could never quite hide whenever his eyes landed on Tony (like he was afraid that in the time they’d been apart, something might have changed) it never got old.
Furnace.
The kit feels a surge of temper, the urge to hiss welling up in his throat at the distasteful thought. It’s not that he wouldn’t want to. Someday maybe. It’s that he wouldn’t want to just to give them away.
And that's what this little gadget was. More love. More madness. A child presenting treasure.
I WOULD NEVER TELL A QUEEN HE WAS WRONG
“Will this work Tony?”
[Stark kisses Rogers on the cheek and the audience applauds]
“No idea. “ Clint’s voice was raw and trembling but his arm was rock steady as he lifted his bow. “But we can sure as hell burry a bird.”
“I’m sorry I never got to meet him then” he replied sincerely and Princess bit back a chuckle.
Tony's a feral queen in a nation of house kats and it shows. He's the black cat, the merchant of death, and people can't get enough of it. The establishment can't decide whether it wants to fuck him or kill him more (but he's a kat so what else is new) and for years Tony had left them all in his dust, aloof and seemingly above it all.
Tony drew back in surprise, their hands tugging until Steve drew to a stop. Tony knew very well what a kennel club was. With the advances that Gata had made in society and the new wave of more public interspecies romances, they weren't as notorious as they'd once been. They were even legal now in more progressive states like New York, but they still came with a certain stigma.
“We’ll get them Tony. You can outsmart them.” Steve said, stepping up to his side. His voice was firm but gentle, with a kind of knowing in his eyes that would have sent Tony into a panic attack months ago. As it was it still made his stomach twist uncomfortably even as his heart beat faster in his chest and his kitten knees got all wobbly once they’d decided he didn’t need to stand anymore when there was a big strong tom who could carry him around. Christ.
“It looks like the Alurio are just as big on trials by combat as the Kǫtrdýr. They seemed rather eager to get their asses handed to them in the name of letting bygones be bygones, so I figured who am I to object.”
It wasn’t his time yet.
“Okay I would have, but not much. What’s the big deal anyway? We used to kitten pile all the time.”
“No connection to AIM, but, get this, there’s a long sad story of jumping in and out of therapy, unemployment, and rehab for substance abuse and then he just disappears only to resurface again when he gets a job at a construction company, and not behind the desk either.”
Generally these contests were undertaken with good humor and boasting, but it wouldn’t be a wedding without a brawl (or seven) and the competitive nature of the Kǫtrdýr was only bested perhaps by those of Asgardians. It was not uncommon for blood to be shed, or occasionally for a hunter to lose their life in pursuit of the powerful Benu. It should be a rousing evening indeed! It could only have been better if Loki were by his side once more, for once he had trusted no one at his back in a hunt so much as he.
Oh well, that's what he got for dating a man born in the twenties. He probably didn't believe in going to bed until they traded high school rings or something. Or was it marriage? God he hoped it wasn't marriage. They should probably talk about that.
It was close to begging and he hated that.
“You’re assuming she’s not involved and you’re asking us to trust that you’re not involved either when you’ve successfully infiltrated the tower and previously been granted access to Tony’s lab.” Natasha pointed out, echoing the thoughts that were bouncing around in Tony’s skull with a cold expression of her own. “That’s a level of trust only a child would grant.”
“Bucky?”
“Perfect. Thanks kid.” Tony caught the plastic case one handed, ignoring the violent intake of breath coming from Mrs. Keener or the way the woman followed them as they rushed back toward the den where Harley’s mother kept the old computer, screeching all the while.
“Come again?”
"If they say so. I'm just a boy Herr Yinsen."
"...You mean like a phoenix?" Tony asked after a telling pause and Thor imagined him blinking at her behind the faceplate.
“But you need me! I’m supposed to go with you, I can tell.” Harley insisted, lips pouting stubbornly. “We’re connected.”
"Yes! You know what, screw Dyson construction. If he's expecting me to come begging on hands and knees and pay for the pleasure he can kiss my ass. I'll even present for him." Tony snapped in response. Though the technician with the SI identification badge that Tony couldn’t bother to read looked up to stare at him with alarm as he passed, Pepper didn't react to his flare of temper or the crude picture he painted. She was far too used to it by now.  Her tone was insufferably patient as she reminded him that Dyson was one of their oldest contracts and there was nobody better equipped to take on the size of their project.
Fingers snap in front of his face and the soldier jerks.
“How did Robert enjoy prison?” Tony asked, knowing that it was likely to bring a smile to her face. And sure enough.
Ivan’s eyes darted to where Pietro was fighting with a similarly armored kat reevaluating the situation. If this wasn’t Stark then these weren’t Avengers. The kat fighting Pietro was too short to even be the Widow. The blue tendrils of bright magic blasting from the kat’s palm in a flickering wave put any doubt of that to rest. Ivan watched as those magic tendrils caught and twined around Pietro’s limbs, weighing him down, leeching Pietro of his supernatural speed. None of the Avengers had abilities like Wanda.
seeing Steve. Which wouldn’t be such a big deal if the guy hadn’t basically been the love of Tony’s life once upon a time (back when he was a stupid kid who believed in things like that) and if said guy hadn’t also completely smashed Tony’s heart to smithereens before he skipped off to basic.
"Actually, it might be better if you stayed."
"I wasn't planning on either of us being naked on the first date." Steve replied tersely, fighting back the urge to growl. Had everyone really treated Tony so poorly?
Pepper's lips spread into a sharp smile.
But it was too late.
“Is that how you help people? By lying to them?”  he snapped, perhaps harsher than he’d meant. But it upset him, thinking of letting Tony go on believing that one day everything he’d seen would be real when Steve already knew it couldn’t be. It was manipulative and dishonest and certainly no way to treat a friend, let alone a lover.
“Sorry kiddo.”
"I'll take the property in Tennessee. It's the least obvious and therefore the most likely. "
Natasha rolled her eyes, releasing him.
And just as quickly the chamber was gone and he was in a nursery room, breeding-nurses surrounding a young fel woman in the throes of labor. There was blood, and the grim faces of the breeders told a story of too much blood lost.
The impression of them all was so strong like they were just waiting outside a door in his mind. If he could just find it and fling it open they'd be there with him inside his head and he didn't know whether he wanted to scream at the realization or sob in relief.
The soldier wakes.
“Yeah and he didn’t make things up like you do!” Tubby grumbled and Tony rolled his eyes.
“I take it she was harsher on you?” the redhead guessed and Thor let out a gusty huff of a laugh.
Look, Tony was a great multi-tasker, and he was all for having an extra helping hand around on the battlefield but it was about time they ended this game.
“And if we can’t?” The words came easy this time, some of the weight on his chest lifting with every word she spoke. “If it comes down to a choice between Bucky and everyone else, everything we’re fighting for?”
“So… thank you.” Tony narrowed his eyes, watching the costumed kat closely. “But who the hell are you?”
Along with the heavy sense of distress, he kept getting flashes of images seeped in intense thoughts and emotions; a startling change from the last few weeks. Since Barnes had seemingly figured out that Tony wasn’t the only one with power when they linked up, it had become harder for Tony to get inside his head. The soldier’s mental barriers were stronger, his defenses sharper, and Barnes was quick to lash out (violently) the minute he suspected Tony was trying to get past them. It had slowed down the progress of their search, but Tony might have kept pushing anyway if not for Natasha and Steve’s obvious worry, and well, everything else he had going on.
As alarm shot through him, Tony realized it was her powerful vision that had interrupted their dreams and yanked them all from sleep.
“Your Papa’s in a pickle Tony, my boy. If the men refuse to work then we don’t have a product and if we don’t produce a product, well… it’s a rough spot to be in Tony. I won’t lie to you.”
“I mean, are we talking everybody look at my cute personal island and the insane number of drunk models I can cram onto it kind of private, or virtually undiscovered floating chunk of land with no name I discovered with Google Maps zoom at two hundred percent?”
He doesn’t know why, but it finally works. The chaos quiets, the fractured memories fading and Tony’s voice cutting off abruptly and his head finally going all the way quiet. Ivan blinks the haze from his mind and refocuses on his surroundings just in time to read the armored kat’s body language and predict it when he shoots some sort of energy blast from his gauntlets.
“Listen. I wasn’t there, but I know one thing. You were the best thing to ever happen to Barnes.” Tony’s hands clutched tightly to Steve’s back when he thought the soldier might try and move, his head shaking in protest at the words, but Tony held tighter and pressed on. “Yes! Steve, I mean that."
“Yeah I get that. Sorry,” Peter apologized, wincing at his blunder. “I hate when people call me it too.”
"Yeah Jay I did. Daddy's in a relationship now so be a peach and mark the date will you? File it under anniversaries... don't let me screw this one up, okay Jay?"
"Don't you worry about that Master Antony. Let me have a look at your other side."
Seeing Bruce’s curious look Tony waved his hand again, explaining offhandedly. “Every Christmas someone comes and reads to the kids. Big event for the tykes, great PR for the celebs.”
Tony paused the footage of Simon Trask exiting the capitol earlier that morning and zoomed in on the faces of the men he was with. He quickly ignored Ross, as well as the one who lagged a step behind, because Ross was already on his shit list and the other was a pencil pusher if ever Tony had seen one. He zeroed in instead on the man with a hand on Trask’s right shoulder, an unknown.
“Neither would I.” She murmured a moment later, finally letting the poor guy go and pinning Tony with her gaze instead.
"He's mine. I'm his. We sensed it from the beginning. I don't feel it as strongly with the others as you probably do, but you know the potential is there." Natasha murmured lowly as Tony watched their teammates across the floor.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Thank you so much for all the comments and well wishes. I was so blow away by them. *hugs all around* I can't thank you enough for investing in this crazy little world. Thank you for your continued support and inspiration.
But when Hughard walks into the kitchen a moment later with Mama and demands an explanation he actually lets Ana give it. And maybe it's because Mama smiles at Rhodey and reminds Hughard that Jarvis was just asking about bringing one of the local boys on to help with the heavier labor around the villa, but Hughard does not get livid or tell Rhodey he has to go.
Bucky’s ears weren’t the same orange but Tony could see Jaime in him clear as day, and that had just begged all the questions because Natasha’s Ivan was a tom but Barnes was a fel, and either way a dead man couldn’t sire kits in Tony’s bright new future.
Steve hoped so. The idea of Tony going into full blown heat in a room full of his political rivals and their toms was a nightmare.
“Pallid. P-A-L-L-I-D.”
It's clear that if they do this, they'll never be alone in their own heads again.
“Yes. Everybody jokes about how you’re an old man, but that’s not true. Mom says life experience is what makes somebody old not age. She helped me figure out the variables see, here’s major events, good choices, oh and bad ones.” Harley eagerly pointed out the different bars on the graph while Tony fought to keep a straight face, nodding along seriously as Steve’s cheeks pinkened.
Sure nobody had ever successfully spliced human and feline DNA in a lab before, but objectively it had to be possible given that the two species could procreate.
Officially Pepper is still Tony's guardian (she refuses the term parent even though he likes to tease her with mom) because Tony wasn't about to give up his hard earned freedoms to become Fury's personal kitty; but Coulson is okay. As far as handlers go.
Who is Tony Stark? What is he here for?
“Landing code, really? Guys it’s me!” Clint whined, buying himself time as he wracked his brains for the code JARVIS had given him when he’d set out. That was the great thing about having Jarvis running the tower and access to all their ships, not having to remember shit like landing codes.
Nodding professionally in Phil's direction he began wheeling the tray away, only pausing a moment as he passed between Coulson and Clint's hospital bed to say, "a man is only free when he can live his life as he chooses without obstruction. Anything else is a form of slavery."
“Brucie Bear, you wouldn’t mind escorting the dust mites back to where they belong? If I’m not last to the car Pepper can’t be mad. It’s in the rule book.” He smiled winsomely at Bruce, who he expected to look exasperated but agree anyway, only he’d forgotten how fucking ripe he was for half an hour while he’d been soothed by the presence of the kits because Bruce’s cheeks actually flushed a faint pink and he nodded somewhat dazedly, grinning like Tony had asked him to the prom.
Natasha jabbed him in the ribcage and Steve was back in the banquet hall.
“Well ho-hum, look who’s so confident. Weren’t you just announced dead? Not sure I’m in to dead guys.” Tony smirked up at him as Steve lowered his mouth
Tony waited tensely for her reaction. It was the first time he’d dared to drop that word outside of his own mind or a private conversation with Pepper. But for reasons he could not explain and didn’t want to bother trying, her opinion mattered to him. She didn’t disappoint him. Her ears twitched toward him as her spine straightened, fear and uncertainty dropping away as she focused all of her attention on him and the words he’d just spoken.
Jena smiled slowly, tucking the deed to the condo into her purse as she stepped into the elevator that would take her back down to her floor.
Steve listened with a slight frown of contemplation. It sounded like she was telling him to lie.
Following the attack on Tony’s safe house an “investigation” had been launched into his care and the contract between Potts and SHIELD. Nobody expected them to get very far proving that Pepper was abusive as an owner, and though they’d likely argue negligent until they were blue in the face, it was obviously just a smoke screen to hide their true goal.
“Happily, Mr. Stark.” Princess answered with a nod and turning to Sonia again with an annoyed flick of her tail she launched in on their rehearsed pitch. "Right about now you want to be as far away from your husbands tattered image as possible and more importantly, to take control. An opportunity to seize controlling interest in the company has never before been available to you. But now it could be.”
He knew she didn’t just mean about the island. She meant all of it. The island, his struggles with extremis, the fact that he’d bonded with her and was thinking of building a Pride (on certain conditions). Yeah all of it.
“There are differences. Jaime clearly bears your imprint.” Natasha stared at him and Steve groaned, dragging a hand down his face, because even as she was trying to talk sense at him some stupid voice in the back of his mind was whispering:  Yeah but not Tony’s. And maybe he wasn’t an expert on genetics like Bruce or Tony were, and he knew damn well that kids didn’t always look like both parents, but how do you explain them bearing a strong resemblance to a completely unrelated stranger?
“We’ve narrowed it down to four possibilities.” Agent Coulson answered. “AIM owns a mega facility in Switzerland that can’t be discounted. There are a couple smaller buildings in New York registered under a dummy company called Nater Mechanics, along with a vacant warehouse in Tennessee that is registered to an Alex Mathers who previously worked for Nater. ”
“Present company excluded of course. We should get going if we’re going to be fashionably late instead of irritating.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce wouldn't have to spend every waking moment consciously holding back and feeling like a ticking time bomb.
"No." Loki replied and the kick of it all was Tony could swear there was a deep wound underneath that single word. "To see my replacement."
The medic wasn’t Luke, because Luke hadn’t come around the tower since the night that Tony had discovered his identity. Not that Tony would have invited him anyway, but it just proved to Tony that the tom had known that Tony was going to discover the truth. He could have come clean then, but he hadn’t. So whatever. Tony knew the score.
Maybe it had been the same thing that had rattled him? Though Steve didn’t know why he’d reacted the way he had to the mention of some foreign leader’s death who he knew nothing about in the first place. Just a bad feeling, but Steve had learned in the war not to hesitate when it came to instinct. A bad feeling was sometimes all that stood between you and a bullet.
“Yes. I think he made the kill on the General.”
He laughs and plays card games with the other kats in the science department along with Bruce, and when they kiss Betty for the first time she blushes pink.
But it said everything he needed to know, that neither one of them had made an attempt to escape or to hurt anyone. Tony was just fine letting Fury cool his heels. The kits were where they had apparently decided they wanted to be and he had bigger fish to fry at the moment.
do I gotta?” Tony grumbled and T’Challa’s eyes narrowed on him in a way that made his breath hitch and every muscle in his body freeze like a deer in headlights. The slow heated appraisal he gave Tony just wasn’t decent or right for when Tony was in a backless hospital gown probably looking like death gone cold and reheated; but there it was, that look, all sexy and dangerous just like the man it belonged to.
“If you want a slice of the pie yes. Helen’s research is going to change the world and you know what they say, the future waits for no one.” Tony confirmed with a contented smile, biting off a portion of lobster off the tip of his fork with satisfaction. Tony loved winning, he wasn’t going to apologize for it. Who would? Winning was awesome. T’Challa slowly shook his head, chuckling, and the tension dispersed as the tom reached for his glass of wine.
"Not your fault Baby Boy."  Tony assured the A.I. as Luke stepped closer to better observe what he was doing. This close Tony could feel his body heat, which could have been disconcerting if not for the slightly chilly temperature in the lab. He'd have JARVIS turn the heat up later.
“That right there is where you tripped up,” Tony replied, snapping his fingers aggressively. “I’m far from playing Romanov. See, I have a responsibility to you that goes deeper than flesh. I felt that bullet pass right through me when you were shot. Clearly, you don’t understand my job. I
Okay maybe that's giving himself too much credit because if someone like Natasha or Steve had just said that to him Tony could admit he'd probably assume the worst. Maybe it's just Bruce. He trusts him, and Bruce knows how Tony thinks so he made sure to say it in a way that Tony would understand and not jump to his own conclusions.
"You're home. How was the spy game? Catch any guys in rubber hazmat suits?" He smiled winsomely at her, hoping she was glowering about something else and hadn't noticed the fruit gone missing.
For one moment the light surrounding Tony's hands pulsed so bright that he was blinded and then the energy building there pulsed and shot forward, pushing Tony every faster towards the waiting ground with the force of the emission; but in that moment he could only feel a brilliant sort of elation.
Tony opened his mouth again to speak when a shrill beeping filled the lab. Tony's eyes flew to the wide screen in the center of the lab where JARVIS had been helping with the other part of his side project. The screen was flashing big red letters: SIGNAL LOST
It gave him the peace of mind and the confidence he need to admit, "Knew I was going to bond with you then, just waiting for the right moment."
“About seventy five percent over an adult humans” Luke answered by route and Clint turned to give Coulson an ‘I told you so’ look which the Agent politely ignored.
He asked as he had each time before. The first time she'd had a particularly gruesome nightmare about Ivan the night they'd returned, he'd gone to her room and climbed into bed with her but the next time it happened she'd all but flinched away from him. She'd never admit it, but she'd hated that he was there, seeing how badly shaken she was and that the bond told him everything he'd ever needed to know about how to hurt her.
Tony realized of course what he was asking.  It was an unavoidable truth that if T'Challa was correct about these child soldiers being trained in the same ancient martial arts as wakandian warriors, that by helping Tony find ways to defeat them he would effectively be providing him with the means to overcome his own defenses.
Loki would never admit it but he was twice as stubborn as Thor, and though Thor loved Loki all the more for it, he feared that it meant it might be very long before the wounds they had inflicted upon each other could heal and the distance between them breached. More years than his Midgardian friends would ever see, but he had faith the day would come (always).
By the time that Stark had arranged for them to be transported back to the tower for home care the staff had all but pushed them out the door.
"Strallen." Natasha finally stated with a decisive nod. "I'd know those knife skills anywhere."
Ivan scowled and snatched the ears off his head, careful not to disturb the hair hiding his real ears. Wanda smirked.
Next up, Tony and the team tangle with three stray kats with very bad attitudes. Steve, want's to keep one, but he'll have to catch him first.
The assholes who think they can break into Maria’s House and not get the full fury of Ironman unleashed upon them, are possibly rethinking that now.
The message must have been clear because Nick sighed deeply like a confession was being dug up from the recesses of his soul and dragged out of his mouth.
He was right, Nyota realized. If Steve didn’t step down as Consort there was no telling what that would change. It had been her papa and Tony who had lead the Pride to victory and declared their independence from the United States.
When Nyota’s father had designed the ship he’d recorded a video that was stored deep in JOCASTA’s memory files. The first time they’d landed on that alternate earth and come in contact with one of their parent’s alternate selves the A.I. had played it for them. Nyota had burst into tears hearing her dad say, “If you’re watching this, it means I’m dead.”
It was a beautiful thing to watch, the dawning of awe in their eyes as they saw each other in their entirety for the first time, as their eyes filled with tears and their lips vowed to be one with each other and one together before claiming each other in a kiss.
Tony eyed the two of them as they made what should have been a completely normal interaction seem strangely intimate. He felt like he’d intruded on something private and when he caught Bruce’s eye and the tom quirked a baffled brow, he knew he wasn’t alone in the feeling.
“Tony yes. Stand back.” He ordered with a snap, lifting the guts of what would (with better materials and a few more hours work) have passed for the core of a repulsor glove. Now it just looked like a mess of wires entangled around a metal disk attached to a microchip. Tony hastily tied some of the wiring around his wrist and his index finger to keep the firing ring nestled in the cradle of his palm. It wouldn’t afford his body much protection but given what he was trying to do he thought skin to skin contact would be better anyway.
There is so much to see and hear and it's fascinating how different all the sailors and traders look and sound, and how they bumble through communicating with the merchants who come to inspect their shipments and replenish their shelves.
Tony has heard this almost daily since the day of his birth and knowing Hughard, probably even before.
She and her brother are like him, weapons created for the empire, but they are different too. They came willingly, so they were allowed to keep all their memories. Their memories of terror and loss are what fuel them through the pain of rebirth and the rigors of training.
Tony flinched inwardly at the word heat, uncomfortable with the idea of the strange tom knowing, or being able to smell him. It made him feel too naked, too much like he was fifteen again trapped in a room with Robert and Ty and unable to get away, unable to use his head properly as his last line of defense turned to chaotic mush in his skull and left him shaking and vulnerable.
“She doesn’t expect us to hunt these things does she?” Clint demanded, what some might consider rudely, but considering that Thor had brought them there with next to no preparation Tony considered it a fair enough question.
So maybe Steve was always going to see the boy lying in the incubator with tubes and wires sticking out of his appendages struggling for each breath, and feel kinship.
He’d taken Wanda and Pietro there the day before and they’d cased it for hours, noting every exit and every potential escape route in case things went to shit.
"Others have decided to prolong their stay in pursuit of an education, in the hopes of becoming public aides or working in a trade. I commend your efforts. Stark Industries is dedicated to providing you with the tools and recourses in order to achieve your goals, because all of you are capable. All of you can shape your world for the better, but first someone has to give you a chisel.”
“He knew because we’ve met before.”
Tony and the rest of the team had been halfway to Sokovia when Coulson finally got them to turn around. He’d been adamant that Natasha and Clint were being extracted, making it clear that their presence in a hot zone was only going to make it hotter.
“Besides,” Steve grunted, crossing to the fridge in order to jerk it open. It looked like he did it just to find something for his hands to do. “My dreams don’t even make sense. In most of them I’m not me. Sometimes I’m Bucky but sometimes I’m someone else too… For instance, last night I was the man who shot you.”
Tony didn’t know if any of them bought it as he slipped out the door but on the list of things he cared about, people figuring out that he was a sexually active adult didn’t even register.
“Never could stand those places. Some of the guys in our unit would go. I tried not to think too harshly of them...it can get lonely out there. I knew guys who didn’t even pay for the sex, they just wanted to lay their head somewhere that wasn’t on the ground and imagine they were home. But Bucky…” Tony watched as Steve faltered, the words sticking in his throat.
"I see." Luke the newbie made a slight humming sound and Clint stared at him for a long moment, but he couldn't detect any judgment in either the sound or his expression.
“She did say her spirit would be with us.” Thor added with a wry tone and Steve huffed a bitter laugh.
“Tony? What’s wrong?” He pleaded as they swayed to the music, prompting lowly so no one would overhear. “Honey look at me.”
“Hey listen.” Tony scooted as far as the wires and tubes would let him until he was curled into Banner’s side, close enough for legs to tangle together if not for the mess of wiring. “There isn’t anything you’re going to throw at me that’s going to make me reject you. Got it? Just relax.”
But just then Clint swept into the kitchen with Natasha not far behind, bringing a swell of chatter with him, and Tony tabled the conversation for later with a wink.
They tell him that they only know the steps because that was all that mistress cared to teach them.
He and Natasha worked like a dream together and after some pretty heavy shit started threatening the planet and talking to a bunch of experts, Fury realized he had a good trick going with them. If he and Natasha had sparked the beginnings of a bond, it was possible that they could bond with other ferals like themselves and form a complete pride, which given their performance record everyone could only agree would be bad ass.
It subdues itself.
“How about spelling constantly late?” Pepper intervened just as Harley had opened his mouth, her high heels clicking smartly on the kitchen tile as she waltzed into the room to survey all their costumes critically.
“Can’t even look me in the damn eye. Look at me you fucking pussy!” Mr. Banner roars, his fist crashing into the wall beside their head.
“The Ovular Gland is basically a giant button that turns the baby making machine on. Put enough pressure on it and the stork is ago.” Tony promptly answered, because tempting as it was to follow that little opening Natasha had left him (and it was an opening!) Steve looked like he was on the verge of a stroke. Tony would have laughed at the horrified expression on his face if it weren’t being aimed at him, on the morning after Steve had possibly knocked him up.
Steve didn’t say anything but there was a look growing in his eyes, one full of warmth and pride that made Tony’s heart flutter.
“The store has been surrounded and we’re trying to keep things contained since there are hostages involved.”
Tony alerted T’Challa as he sat down to finish reading through the file that shield had sent Steve. The best part of Steve being in charge of the strike team tasked with apprehending the thieves at large and Tony only being pulled in as a consultant was that he didn’t have to be out there on the streets of the city, following nowhere leads and pointlessly interrogating terrified kats and their owners about their activities or the possibility of their neighbors hiding black kats.
"That's all?" she questioned.
"I warned you about this," she remarked.
"You threw him out." That time, it came out as a statement. The concierge visibly turned three shades paler. Steve felt someone put a hand on his shoulder.
"Wait, where are we right now? Is this my mind?"
for him given recent changes in attitudes."
"This is Carl," Lucy said. "He's the one that's going to be running your test today."
Then the door opened.
"You're certain that it was your husband who did this to you?" Lara couldn't help it. She had to give the officer the most severe "what the fuck do you think" look she had ever given in her life.
"Oh, come on," Clint said. "It was all in good fun."
Satisfied he had everything necessary – at least for now – Tony went back out into the office, careful to shut the door behind him as to not let any colder air in. Once inside, he set his sights on the bar. He couldn't stand to look at it anymore. Just having it there felt like temptation even if there wasn't any alcohol inside. The saying was "out of sight, out of mind," and hopefully he could push at least some of the temptation to drink out of mind if he took apart the bar and got it out of the apartment.
"What did you do and
Natasha stared her down with a gaze of sharp scrutiny. She looked for any sign that Sharpton was lying, but all she saw was a coward that didn't want to die. She narrowed her eyes.
"That's easy for you to say," Clint said. "You weren't an idiot."
Tony reached over to the other side of the bed. He found it warm but empty and frowned. He was going to get up and look around when he felt a hand softly come down on his shoulder.
he reminded himself as he pulled his face away to look up at Steve.
"Wow," Carol remarked. "I've never heard a person sound so ungrateful to be alive."
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's a little more than that, though," he said. "Honestly, at this point, I think I'm just afraid of
"Do you need any help with this?" she asked. "I'm taking a break for lunch right now and I can still forge your signature. I can knock a few of these out for you." Tony shook his head.
"You're not going alone." Steve tried to grab Tony's arm, but Tony batted it away.
Also, happy tenth anniversary, MCU! You already know how I plan on celebrating!
Steve’s eyes fluttered open. For a moment, he’s disoriented, confused about why he’s awake, and why he’s on his armchair instead of his cot. Then he heard it, the hissing of sparking coals. A familiar sound, one he was entranced by ever since he was a scrawny little kid fighting jerks in an alleyway.
The fire roared to life, and Tony inhaled deeply as power courses through him, Steve could feel in from where they’re connected, Tony’s hand allowing him to feel the thrumming of power under his skin. Tony’s eyes opened, his eyes glowing gold before it dies down and the cats meowed as they steep out from the flames.
Steve focused back on Tony again as he finally got the cats to do as he asked. DUM-E, U, and Butterfingers slipped from where they’re bumping around Steve and slinked towards the witch, who beckoned them. The cats are all jet black, with little patches of lighter fur here and there that help differentiate the three, and silverly lines that only show themselves with light hits them. The ends of their tails are where they differ from baseline cats, crackling and hissing growing flames at the ends, flames that burned bright oranges and reds.
Tony clicked his tongue, but the cats refused to budge from where they had stuck to Steve’s side, like limpets. Tony narrowed his eyes playfully, “Maybe you should be a witch, Steve. They seem to like you better.”
Suddenly, Steve was very
“Well go on,” Steve urged, and Tony tilted his head, so similar to the way the cats’ did as well. His eyes were as piercing and dangerous as the fires he commanded. It was like Tony could uncover all that Steve was thinking, all that Steve
Such an innocuous question. How could Steve not?
Steve shook his head fondly, “So dramatic, you ask the same thing every year.”
Ah yes, the
“So,” Tony teased, “What should I ask as payment, hmmm?” He tapped a finger against his lip, “How about...a kiss?”
“Steve,” Tony’s voice caused a shiver up his spine, committing the sound to memory like all the other moments Steve has tucked away. “Missed me?”
Typically the sight is majestic and awe-inspiring, and Steve’s eyes would be fixed on the elegance of the coal cats emerging from the powerful fire. But this time, all he can look at is his Tony.
And all Steve can do is take it.
Steve and Tony watched as they curled up in the fireplace, tumbling as they played like kittens, batting at each other. With each swipe of their paws, their silvery lines looked more and more like cracks. Cracks that red hot fire crackled through. The embers the coal cats emitted would soon catch on the kindling, alighting a fire that would last all season, long enough for the cruel winter to pass. When spring dawns on the land once again, Steve and the rest of the villagers will stomp out their flames in the fireplace and go out to pick the glow-rooms from the forest before their season passes, and use it for light in the night. Until Tony and the other witches visit again in the fall. Tony had taught Steve how to optimize the fading embers for a bit longer so he could have more light for longer, so light was never a concern for Steve or even Bucky for that matter.
at his core.
easy to step into the space between Tony’s legs. To curl a hand through the chestnut brown hair that curled softly. To brush a hand against the glowing blue scar that pulsed with Tony’s heart. And to steal away Tony’s breath with a kiss. But Tony and Steve only see each other once a year. A year of Steve at home, chipping away at pieces of limestone, thinking about Tony nad more often than not, near ruining the sculpture he was working on because his hands subconsciously created the likeness of his lover yet
“Tony,” Steve smiled. Tony’s brown eyes crinkled as he smirked back, the shadows cast by the dull glow of the mushroom lanterns Steve had stashed away in his little home. The witch drummed his fingers just beside his thighs, spreading his legs slightly from where he was sitting on Steve’s worktable, the half-finished carved pieces of limestone pushed back to make room for him.
Steve rubbed his eyes as he sat up, then his eyes fell where he knew the man was. The laced boots trailed up to meet the man’s dark, nearly black, trousers that hugged his frame. As Steve tracked his eyes up the man’s frame, he took in the state of the man’s maroon dress shirt. He must have just come from the upper towns because his fit was nicer than usual, and had a distinct lack of dirt, something unavoidable here in the quarry.
aware of how close Tony and Steve actually were. At some point, Steve had shuffled closer to where Tony was sitting back on his table, legs spread and leaning back on his arms. Tony’s leg was so close to Steve, he could almost feel the line of heat against his own body.
And Steve can’t help but agree.
It would be
Steve swallowed. That...was
to say. Witches now travel alone, from village to village—as opposed to staying in one as a coven, a community—, they were nomadic. And nearly every witch had a familiar. The solution, the one of legend, was the familiars, who were where the witches stored their powerful embers. Steve and many others don’t believe it’s literal, more of a way for the witches to harness their power through a medium. Familiars choose their witch, and it’s a very sacred bond. The only other person a familiar would choose would be a— Well. That’s just an old wives’ tale, soulmates don’t
." Tony could feel himself shaking, his left-hand trembling something fierce. Steve brought his hand down to cup Tony's jaw. Every breath he took felt like a struggle, not unlike the one he experienced back up there in space. "I… I almost asphyxiated… I saw that army… I…"
"Didn't I just get done saying that shit's heavy?" Tony flinched at how abrasive his own tone was. "Sorry, I…"
"Stop." Clint waited until she was looking him in the eye. "You know where this is coming from, and you know that it's not right."
"It's only a thirty-minute drive," Pepper dismissed.
Lara sat patiently by the front security desk. As soon as she arrived, she was informed that Cabe was attending to another matter and she would have to wait. She understood. Cabe was a busy woman and the Peoples Unity Church's nonsense wasn't making her life any easier. Lara didn't mind the wait, though she was texting Tony and Pepper to let them know she had taken her detour and to find out the game plan for the day. If she was going to be covering for Tony again, she was going to be in a crunch for time, but she wasn't leaving until she talked to Cabe. After all, she wasn't going to put her personal safety ahead of anything else.
"Is that why you left the Secret Service?" Bruce asked. "You were too hurt to work?"
"'As far as we can tell…'" Coulson repeated. Hill narrowed her eyes at the two men sitting at the table with her.
Going slow and being careful not to step on something sharp enough to go through his shoe and stab his foot, Tony made his way downstairs and immediately punched in his access code into the panel by the door. When the door came unlocked he rushed into the lab and was relived to see that it didn't look like anyone had gotten down there or taken anything. The lab was just as he left it days before. (Well, DUM-E had somehow inexplicably got himself wrapped up in measuring tape, but that wasn't too out of the ordinary.) Slowly, Tony let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding.
"Romanoff," the woman responded. "Natasha Romanoff." Steve tried not to give any hint that he recognized the name, though he did feel the incessant need to question her as to why she gave Tony such a scathing character profile.
While Knežević was trying to convince her that this wasn't so bad (even trying to squish himself inside the box so there would be enough room for her, too) Oswin was staring off into space. She wondered how in the hell she'd gotten herself into this mess and wished nothing more than to have Nina by her side. Call it a sudden epiphany, but she realized this wasn't where she should be. She'd let her kleptomania get the best of her and now she'd lost practically everything. Her home was gone, all her possessions were gone, she just spent the day outrunning the cops with the Nutty Professor… Seriously, even if she was going to see some sort of profit from whatever "chemical compound" that dim-whit was trying to create, it just wasn't worth it anymore. Having no choice, Oswin turned around and started heading back into the city. This didn't go unnoticed by Knežević.
"You too," Betty said. "You have my number, right?"
"No," he said.
"No," Clint said firmly. "It was invasive enough getting them put in. I don't need someone cutting open my head and poking around in my ears just for curiosity's sake."
"I just said I talked to Lisa," Clint said.
Locating the restroom, she was just about to head in to clean up her face when she heard someone call her name. Turning her head, she watched a trio of police officers escorting Lara into the building. She tried to take a deep breath to center herself, all the while begging in her mind for this to be just a simple misunderstanding. Pepper turned, walked over to the officers, put on her battle face, and hoped to God that they wouldn't notice that she had been crying.
"For the moment I think," he said in a scratchy voice. Looking around, he saw that they were the only ones in the foyer. "Where did everyone go?"
"He's a super-spy," he said. "He could probably handle the average cat burglar like it's nothing."
"Good," Steve said. "Do you need anything?"
"I do."
He had no idea what had set it off. It could have been anything from the fluorescent lighting to the too-clean smell of the soap to just the lingering effects of detox. Whatever the case, it first caused Tony to double over and uselessly hack before anything came up. For a second, he felt Steve's hand brush against his back, but it got pulled away as someone screamed "don't touch him!" For all the dramatics and hacking, all that came up were bits of half-digested crackers that he had been able to force down the night before. It almost felt like a waste.
"And the nuke thing?" Fury sighed.
"I'm not sure," Lara reluctantly admitted. "As I said, I'm watching this on a live feed. I can't confirm that without putting myself at risk. I would think not, though, given the location of the wound and the angle of the shot."
"No, it fucking has to be," he said. "Because I don't see any other way, I could've let this happen."
"Hmm," Loki scoffed. "Your heroes are scattered. Your floating fortress falls from the sky. Where is my disadvantage?"
"I get that she's upset," Steve said. "I would be, too, if it were you, but I feel like she just took it too far. I get that she and Barton are as close as family and I get that she just lost Coulson, but it doesn't mean you respond like that."
"No," Steve was quick to assure. "No, never. You are all I want. I'd never give that up."
Despite his anticipation for seeing Tony throughout the whole day, a big ball of anxiety burst in his stomach when the clock struck the magic hour of six. He didn't know the reason for it, but the emotion spread throughout his entire body at an exponential rate. He had to keep reminding himself that this wasn't a date and he was foolish to think otherwise until Agent Wylie showed up at his door.
"Why?" Adoniram asked. "So, you can tear down our defenses? Inform your superiors of our weak points?" Carol narrowed her eyes.
Remember kids, fuck a silver lining 'cause only gold is hard enough! (I'm excited for Pray for the Wicked, can you tell?)
"What about you?" Steve asked. "Are you okay?"
going to get the double bacon cheeseburger," Tony said. "I think out of those two, the regular cheeseburger is the healthier option." Pepper hardly tried to hide her eyeroll.
"Repeat back to me what I just said."
"What?" Mrs. Barnes turned and looked at her son with a furious gleam in her eye. "James Buchannan Barnes, you know better than to hurt your sister! I'm ashamed of you!"
"The Christine Everhart interview aired," Freeman said. "The public consensus isn't entirely in yet, but she didn't exactly paint them in a good light. They included clips of Banner, Barton, and Romanoff becoming upset or agitated at certain questions and the footage of Stark walking out." Freeman shrugged. "It might not make a huge difference, but it's a start." Adoniram nodded even though he didn't find that tidbit of information satisfying enough.
"Where would I find those?" Oswin asked.
Steve nodded and went to retrieve the bottle. Tony, meanwhile got a small plastic cup from the dispenser beside the sink, filled it with water, and did a preliminary rinse. It did nothing to get rid of the taste, but it didn't hurt anything. A moment later, Steve returned with the bottle.
"What?" Adoniram questioned. "You didn't mean to suggest we commit a cardinal sin?"
"I don't like being handed things," Tony said.
"I don't think that sounds right." The "depressive personality" part she had no qualms with. (Again, she was on anti-depressants.) However, she didn't think she had a problem asserting herself. In fact, she had the exact opposite problem given that she hit people that hadn't even hurt her. She didn't want to explain that to a stranger, but that wouldn't stop Carl from pressing.
"I'm flattered," he said. "And I'm glad to know I'm not alone in this boat."
On the ride back, Tony forced himself to relax. Steve was okay. Barton and Romanoff were in safe hands. The bastards who did this had been arrested. There was nothing to worry about. He was safe and holding on tight to his boyfriend's hand. Nothing was wrong.
He hopped over the counter and began to scour the kitchen. He came across a shelf full of pre-made, re-heated, and wrapped tacos. Picking one up by the wrapper, he watched as the thin sheet of paper changed to a clear shell of stone. The taco, however, remained untouched. Grinning, Knežević began eating the greasy piece of cheap Tex-Mex, holding it by and biting around the stone.
"On wheat bread?" Bruce nodded.
"I feel like you use the burning building example a lot," Fury said.
"I need you to look this over," Coulson said as he held out a tablet to Tony.
"No!" Loki struggled to sit up as it became clear that he was going to have to bargain for his own life. "I can still be of use to you!"
"I opened the…" A sudden coughing fit cut Clint off before he could finish what he was saying. He started over once he caught his breath. "I opened the letter."
The third time he woke up it was to cellphone's ringtone. He muttered something resembling an assurance and a plea to go back to sleep before dismissing the call and turning off the phone. He fell back to sleep within moments.
"What?"
"I should have been more specific," Fury said. "I meant that you could talk to him as soon as the doctor gave us the okay for him to have visitors."
"Okay, that's fucked up." A shiver tan through Clint as he thought about his own daughter. "How the hell was I supposed to know that? I don't have 'the Complete Guide as to What Scared Tony Stark as a Kid.'" He had to assume Stark's response came with a shrug.
Remember kids, stay off of Tumblr. It'll ruin your life.
"This isn't about personality profiles anymore," Coulson said.
"Okay." Tony slowly sat up and once he was able to get to his feet, Steve slung an arm around his shoulders to support him. He gave the doctor one last quick "thank you" before leading Tony out the door and down the hall.
"No, no, no," Tony said in quick succession. "Don't do that."
"Carol Danvers," she said as he took it. "I believe we've met before."
"Is there any way to confirm that?" Hill asked.
"No idea," he answered honestly.
"No," JARVIS said. "I have tried to inform Mr. Stark of this, but he has not looked at his phone."
That was not her only problem, though. The thing was that the gaps in her memory did not stop after she was "saved" by the Kree or even after she returned to Earth and learned who and what she truly was. There were gaps in her memory after that. They were huge gaps that seemed like bottomless caverns to her; caverns she was afraid to find herself falling into. When she started to go through recovery, she chalked it up to blackouts due to her extensive drinking habits. However, as time passed and she remained sober, she realized the gaps were not going away. If anything, they were increasing in their frequency and if Carol was being honest with herself, it did frighten her.
"Sir, please leave before I am forced to escort you out."
"This isn't a trick, Stark," Coulson said. "That really is Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America."
Another thing that Tarquan didn't know? The disc was fireproof.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 10/11/20.
"No!" Rebecca's face was bright red, and tears were streaming down her face. "It's too cold! I wanna go in!"
Originally posted on 9/25/19.
Steve didn't try to go after her. He just laid there, completely paralyzed. He was more shocked than anything. He hadn't expected anyone to come in and he guessed Tony hadn't been either, given that he hadn't mentioned that someone might come over or even try to get up. That just made Steve worried again. He once again checked Tony's temperature and was shocked to find that he felt even
"You two took bets on whether or not I'd kiss Tony?" Steve brought a hand up to his face in a weak attempt to hide how red it was turning, both from embarrassment and anger. Tony glared at the two assassins, who were attempting to handwave the issue.
"I'll be waiting for you out here."
that came from the equipment the scientists were using to construct the device. It was just people's voices that sounded off. If Selvig or someone else said something to him, it would sound like they were talking far away and underwater. He had to concentrate, otherwise, he would completely miss what they were saying to him. The only exception to this rule was Loki. Loki's voice came in as clear as a bell.
"Can I…" His voice shook as the realization of defeat sunk in. "Can I at least talk to them?"
"What's up, Cap?" Steve jolted a bit in surprise but composed himself rather quickly.
"Hey," Lara said from the archway, catching their attention. "What's going on?" Somehow, Natasha's smirk got brighter.
"You won't have to hope," she said. "Because you're going to be there."
"No," he said. "I haven't. Why?"
"Kind of," she admitted. "It sent me back to a bad place."
"Conroy, please don't." Lara made a noise of disappointment.
"I've seen worlds you've never known about!" Loki shouted. "I've grown,
"Things didn't go well at court?" Lara sighed.
"S.H.I.E.L.D.," Bruce said.
Eventually, Fury stepped back into the room. Tony quickly turned his phone off and slipped it back into his pocket. He stood up and looked at Fury expectantly.
All things considered, twelve and a half years in prison for possession of explosive materials and child endangerment was not a bad deal. Knežević was lucky the jury took pity on him. Not only had he just lost his wife months before, but he was also laid off from his job around the same time. Money was tight and with a lack of job opportunities in sight, Knežević used the last of his funds to create his own make-shift chemistry set in hopes of discovering a new chemical compound, finding a use for it, and selling it on the international market, thereby leaving his family financially secure for life.
A letter containing weaponized Ebola and the H5N1 virus was opened in Avengers Tower, exposing Clint, Tony, Steve, and Natasha to the viruses. Bruce has been working with Betty Ross to solve the mystery of who did it and why, and whether or not any of the Avengers could actually be infected. Unfortunately, Clint has started showing symptoms, and Bruce and Betty have uncovered evidence that the threat could be very real.
By the time, the movie was over, everyone had finished eating and no one was up to starting another one. Pepper – quite understandably – wanted to go home and get some sleep while Lara figured she should probably get back to her apartment "before the real weirdos started coming out." Also, by that point, it was probably safe for Carol to leave. However, she was advised to leave the city via normal transportation means like the bus and at least wait until she reached the suburbs to try flying. Carol understood and thanked them all for having her before leaving.
"Where did you leave it?" Laura asked.
"As I am sure it is," Adoniram said. "That will be all for now, Brother Duane." Freeman bowed.
. If something happened, then you were both at risk."
Although their apartment building didn't have stairs, the apartment Lara shared with her husband Dante was on the second floor. It wasn't a ridiculous climb by any means, but enough to make an already sleep-deprived person feel even more agonized amounts of exhaustion. Lara fumbled with her keys as she tried to unlock the door and let out an aggravated curse. Of course, the door would refuse to cooperate with her just when she was merely a few paces from her bed, but that's how life goes, right?
Naturally concerned, Happy asked Rhodey what was going on and Rhodey reluctantly explained what the had stumbled across. Happy did know about Tony being bisexual – it wasn't
"I think it's better if I…"
"Who?"
At the dollar store, Carol bought a note pad, a pack of pens, a hairbrush, and a set of a hat and gloves. The last one was only chosen because she realized it was probably strange to see a woman walking around in short sleeves in February. She didn't notice the cold anymore until temperatures started hovering around 30 degrees Kelvin. Regardless, she didn't want to stick out and not dressing appropriately wouldn't help with that.
"They don't," Clint dismissed. "And if you must know, I was snapping my fingers to check my hearing. I wasn't trying to creep you out."
"Not yet," Freeman said. "Why? What have they told you?"
"Yup," Carol confirmed, popping the "p." "No one was seriously hurt." She then winced as she remembered Pepper. "Well, one woman sustained a cut on her cheek and a flash burn, but outside of that, everyone was fine."
"Excuse me?" Pepper held a hand up to silence Romanoff.
"Natasha…" Coulson's somber tone immediately raised red flags in Natasha's mind. Despite this, she still didn't expect what he said next. "Barton's been compromised."
Tony let out another sigh, albeit a more frustrated one. He had gotten an earful from the doctor and Pepper about taking off from the hospital like he did. It didn't bother him, he deserved it. He also deserved getting the silent treatment from Steve after he forced the man to spring him from the hospital, just so he could pummel the ass of whoever Mr. Rock-Boy was. That much was a given. However, he still had a conversation to finish with the good old Captain and it was eating at Tony every second that passed without putting that matter to bed, once and for all. That wasn't conducive to a recovery.
"We're here," she stated grimly. Tony felt Steve squeeze his hand. Tony looked right into his blue eyes and still saw hesitance.
"Are you at the Malibu house?"
"It's already been opened and there's no yeast, so it can't work," he said. "I know. I checked. Besides, I think it's already been laced with Pepper's backwash…"
"That is all, Brother Duane," he said. "You may take your place for the start of the service." Freeman nodded and gave a bow.
"Damn," Knežević stroked the dark stubble that lined the area around his mouth. "Guess we'll just have to go in and hope for the best."
His smile faltered when he took a deep breath in and felt like he was inhaling water.
"I mean, I didn't even know that you were going to be here until Commander Hill brought me here." A look of astonishment crossed Bruce's face.
"Alright this," she gestured towards the screen. "…Is Google. All you have to do is type whatever you want to know into this box," she pointed at the search bar in the middle of the screen. "Then hit the 'search' button," she pointed over to the little grey button below the search bar. "And the computer will tell you whatever it is you want to know. For example," she gestured over to the TV which she had flipped on while eating her breakfast. "if I type 'Good Morning America' into this box and hit search," she did exactly that causing the page to change from the simple, blank home screen to a list of results from across the web. "It will give me all sorts of information about the show; what time it's on, who's in it, etc."
Stark didn't respond but followed her as she led him around the patch of puke-covered snow and down the driveway. They made it to the curb before Stark pushed her out of the way again. He heaved, but it wasn't as violent this time. Stark spat out the last chunks of bile stuck in his mouth and wiped his face on the sleeve of his (very expensive) shirt. When he was done, Jessica helped support him again, thankful that she was standing on the opposite side of the vomit sleeve.
"Maybe a little."
"No one has any ideas," Tony lamented. "The situation is impossible."
Lara's hand moved to fish her cell phone out of her messenger bag when something caught her attention. It wasn't much, really; just a simple red box containing a lever sealed behind a sheet of glass hanging onto the wall. Above the box was a warning that misuse of fire equipment would result in a five-hundred dollar fine or six months imprisonment. Despite the warning, Lara decided it was worth the risk. After all, it would be much quicker and easier than having the police throw them out individually.
A few minutes later, Oswin came in balancing a tea kettle and two mugs on a tray, along with what appeared to be two foil-wrapped packets of Pop Tarts. Nina tried to give a grateful smile, but her distress dampened it to the point where it was as if she wasn't smiling at all.
"No kidding," Clint said.
being outed and what the consequences of that would be for both me
The longest periods she had without any gaps in her memory was the year and a half she spent living with Jessica while she went through recovery, the two months after Hurricane Katrina struck and she spent her time with Maria volunteering and helping her neighbors rebuild, and the last three weeks. That was it. Outside of those periods of time, she had not gone a full week without at least losing a few hours of her memory.
"We won't let that happen." Steve promised, his jaw set, his gaze interestingly getter softer the more conviction he felt. Softness turned the corner into defensiveness as he shifted, uncomfortable with her stare. "You know when you look at me like that, I start to think you don't believe me."
He couldn’t explain what it was about her that held his attention the way she did. On first sight she was just your average kat. Her clothing was interview appropriate but clearly off the rack even though she wore it well. She was slender, but not as thin as was stylish for models and kats right now.
Steve plucked a gleaming black helmet off the helmet bar and tossed it Tony's way, swinging one leg over the seat as he mounted, laughing over his shoulder, "Not a chance Stark."
Tony could tell that Steve and Natasha were unsettled by his request for them to stay behind. With Steve it was easy. He let Tony see his concern, and the stiff way he held his back was a more private tell for anyone who had spent any great length of time around him to catalogue.
“But you are not as powerless as you think you are.”
“You could really get your Gata on and piss around him in a circle Cap. It’s primitive but probably still effective.”
“Director Furry thought it would be a nice break from all the public fanfare for T’Challa to spend a day with the Avengers and I happen to agree.”
Don't you know, the bells do not toll for you?
How did it feel? Worse than if Barnes had been successful in shooting Tony himself. Like watching his heart ripped out of his chest, his world crumbling into the pit left behind it, all the while a terrible wrath breathed fire within him like a dragon.
"The Alurio are not slaves. When my uncle told me about the Pride Initiative I had to see it for myself. I knew that America was too cowardly to ever bring back true Alurio."
“This is not good.” Tony muttered under his breath, glancing up to lock eyes with Steve who stared back at him with similar dread.
Teasing aside, Steve had been right to worry. Privately, though he still complained about it outwardly, Tony was grateful for his sessions with professor Xavier. That first week Charles had stopped by daily to give Tony a crash course in keeping his shit together, but they’d tapered off to every couple of days and now to once weekly.
Tony was smiling down at him Peter realized as he looked up at the fel once more. There was something kind of sad in it, Peter thought, but mostly it was the quiet pride he noticed – because the sight of it made something hot and bright swell in his chest like a balloon. Blinking his eyes dry, Peter straightened up and held his head high.
Ty hadn’t really understood why Tony couldn’t just send flowers and pay for whatever trinket Sarah wanted to give him to be shipped, so needless to say
Outside the facility the night sky was clear and the roof empty of all signs of life besides his own.
“Focus bambino,” Mama says, batting their reaching fingers away from the locket. She is tense today, her scent sour in their nose.
They shot at mannequins, tables, chairs, windows, anything that wasn’t actually moving. They waved their arms around and made a horrendous mess as they demanded money and jewels from the jewel case, but there was a disturbing lack of urgency to all of it. They didn’t want to just get in get out, they wanted to be seen. It wasn’t about the money, it was about the show.  Up until suddenly one of them goes charging toward the Barnes and Nobel and everything drastically changes. The kid lands in front of two young women who back hastily away. The camera angles are bad here, a shelf full of books blocking the view as the kid stalks the two women, but he’s mostly in frame when he fires a strange electric blue energy wave out of his hands like some sort of wizard.
Steve took advantage of their enemy’s distraction and threw his own shield, which caught the boy right in the ribs and toppled him over like a bowling pin. He fell with a painful sounding thud and groaned a low curse.
Steve nodded slightly. He wasn’t surprised. His nose had already told him that Sam was feral, and in America the only way that happened (if your father wasn’t Howard Stark) was if some bastard bred you in an underground basement and jabbed you full of ReAgression injections to prepare you for a life of cage fighting. Those kats never lived long, and when they did they were so screwed up in the head from the trauma and the hormone imbalance that there was no saving them. It wasn’t right or fair, but the reality was that nine times out of ten it was better to put them down than to try, and risk people getting hurt.
"Maybe some other day, but I'mma get real bold in a second and ask you for an introduction to your mate."
The words, once spoken hung heavy in the air like a thundercloud. But Natasha being Natasha didn’t react to them. She sat and assessed him for a long moment before suddenly announcing, completely nonplussed, “You and Tony really are made for each other.”
After that dick measuring contest T’Challa and Steve had treated them all too? No way. Team Wakanda was itching to show their stuff and they didn’t want anyone to say they couldn’t have done it without help.
The soldier slashes angrily and the room around them shakes all the harder. But it’s clearer now, Tony realizes with elation. Light seeping into the corners as it gets somehow realer and realer around them. Tony can feel the soldier now, his thoughts insistently frantic but ungraspable. Like the buzz of an insect he couldn’t find to swat.
Not this time.
“You guys come to practice?” Clint asked, landing beside them and disengaging the wing pack.
"He flies too. I noticed you don't." Clint remarked deceptively casually, but Thor couldn't fail to notice how his teammates had drawn together in protective half ring around Tony, like Queensgaurd. Smiling to himself Thor strolled closer to Steve, which coincidently completed the arc. Sif raised a dark eyebrow at him.
“Fan out. Clint head east, Natasha upstairs, I’ll take the back way. Evacuate any civilians. Signal as soon as you locate Tony.” Steve instructed before darting off down the hall and Clint nodded briefly to Natasha before trotting off as well, wishing that his gas mask didn’t take his whiskers out of use. He wondered how Tony could be so comfortable in the armor. Clint hated fighting without the use of all his senses, and would rather go into battle stark naked than with his natural assets confined.
WEDSNDAY
But Thor had assured them it was safe and was even now swallowing down his portion, and Tony got the feeling he couldn't refuse without either losing face or horrendously insulting everyone.
“Thanks kid, you’ve been a big help.” Tony took the bag from him and began loading it up with the supplies they’d gathered. Zipping it up once more he hefted it easily onto his back, surprised by how light it was. “But I want you to stay here until your mom gets home. Don’t open the door for anybody but her. You understand?”
“huh-ouch!” Tony cursed as something whacked him in the center of his back. He turned and snarled in the direction of the boy who had mustered the courage to climb down from the hayloft and was pointing that barrel thingy at him. Tony glanced down at his feet to find a dark wrinkled potato.
"Sir," JARVIS projected the reports on the HUD display with a hint of worry. "Agent Romanov is correct. Your current BPM is 190, and your body temperature is at 102 degrees and climbing. It would be wise to cease your current activity."
A paw on his chest and a soft whine reminded Clint of the other likely impulsive thing he did in the last week; the dog. Clint scratched his ear, giving him the attention, he had so desperately needed. Admittedly, things had fallen into place a lot better than they could have. Laura was willing to keep the dog and Stark wasn't aware that Clint had kept the dog at the tower longer than he said he would. He got lucky there. However, he did have to admit that he didn't consider the potential consequences in the three seconds between seeing the dog and deciding to rescue it.
"Whatever," Lara said. "None of that answers my initial question anyway."
"I don't know," was his automatic response. Tony winced as he gave it, knowing that wouldn't cut it. "It's hard," was the next best answer he could provide. "It's not something that I want to talk about. Not really." Tony lowered his eyes back down to Pepper in time to catch her understanding nod.
"Sounds exhausting," Tony commented. "The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. The only major component he still needs is a power source of high-energy density."
"There's other exits, though." Natasha nodded in agreement.
"I locked it," she said with the frustration that came with stating the obvious.
"Of course," Tony instantly responded. "I don't… Why would you think that?"
Is it possible to get sun poisoning even if you weren't in the sun that long, like ten minutes at the most? Not the right place to ask this, I know, but I feel like I'm going to pass out and that's the only questionable thing I've done in the past few days, otherwise there's no explanation and answers would be appreciated, thank you.
"Are you okay with that?" He shrugged.
"Oh?" A deep, bone-chilling voice said. "What is this gift?"
"Uh…" Tony kept his eyes on his feet. He knew he wouldn't be able to stand the disappointed look on Steve's face when he revealed what he did next. "I poured a mimosa into my flask."
"Well, why don't we start on the first floor and work our way up?" Viv suggested.
. The only person who controlled Loki was himself, and soon he'd conquer both Earth and Asgard and…
"Is there something you'd like to share with the group, Mr. Stark?" Tony looked up to see all his employees' gazes on him and the HR representative standing with her arms crossed and an expectant look on her face. Pepper had the decency to look embarrassed while Tony just smiled and waved them off.
"Do you still have the notes?"
," Bruce said.
"I propose another toast." He raised his glass. "To Joyce and Nina; the only women in the whole world who can put that kind of smile -" he pointed at Oswin, who was grinning so widely that there was barely enough room for the rest of her face. "- On our faces." Oswin raised her glass.
interview and the robbery while he and Pepper tried to explain that both events were completely out of his control. However, when the ship is sinking the first person you obviously blame is the captain. Tony wasn't CEO anymore, but he still held controlling interest in the company. So, in the eyes of the board members, he was the one to blame. However, the only problem with that logic was that this wasn't at all a ship-sinking emergency. It only made sense when you considered that any dip in stock prices was the equivalent of the Hindenburg disaster in the eyes of the board members. So, Tony wasn't surprised.
