Wheeling with a bit of difficulty through the muddy ground, he reached the large, iron door and waited for the scientists to push it open. To his surprise, a previously hidden panel appeared on the side of the entrance, and he felt that he was being scanned (which was most likely happening).
“I’m aware that you, sir and Mr. Stark are engaging in such entertaining activities, am I correct? He merely wanted to offer you the same pleasure”, Tony replied, enjoying how blushful Steve would get, completely unaware of how he looked at that very moment, embarrassed with what he was hearing.
Steve swallowed down, thinking for a moment and just standing up. “Are you free tomorrow? There’s someone that I want you to meet.”
Steve listened to him carefully, piecing up events that happened between them, words that have been spoken, actions that were taken. Coming to think of it, they always hinted that sort of thing to each other; they weren’t just any pair of friends.
Steve’s voice was really calm for someone who was on the verge of death, but Tony didn’t dare to question it, he looked into the face of death way too many times to count himself.
Steve shook his head and laughed. “Come on, we must study, you wish to learn the arts do you not?” he asked, his hand moving down the centre of Tony's torso. “Your body however, fascinates me. The anatomy is a wonderful marvel.”
“Hey, it takes some time, don’t worry, it will work now, I’m sure”, Tony tried to reassure him, petting the soft fur in a consoling manner.
“I lost my focus.. good thing we were just above the pool”, Steve muttered, pushing back Tony’s hair from his eyes for him.
“That’s right”, the blonde replied, relieved that he didn’t have to shrug and shove away the possible comments about his Captain America status again.
That one night, Tony knocked on Steve’s room, having one question in mind to pop at him. Steve answered the door, his smile more natural now than it was the first days they talked to each other.
“We… haven’t talked much.”, Tony admitted. “My dad helped run the experiment that made him Cap back in the 40’s… I've only met him almost… two years ago? Loki invaded Earth with an army of aliens, Nick Fury got a couple of us together to stop him. We didn't exactly hit it off, I'm sure that you can agree…”
“Let me guess, they disrupted them? Scientists always have fail safes, Steve, for pretty much everything”
When Steve returned from his patrol, he was asleep on the bed, holding on his notebook like his life depended on it. Which was probably accurate. He walked up to him, not attempting to take it out of his hands and throwing a blanket over the other man, joining him on the other side of the bed.
Tony heard the roughness in his voice, saw how his lips quivered when he smiled, and he tried to return the smile even though he really didn’t know why.  “Are you saying it was that something that brought us here now? That we can become human?” Tony asked, his voice firmer when he spoke again. “If you’re going to help me, I’m going to do the same”
Steve pulled him into his arms before Tony could even finish speaking, holding him so tightly, desperate to feel his warm body against his own. “I love you too..”
“I gave you.. I gave us many chances, Tony.. we always end up hurting each other, love shouldn’t work this way..”, Steve replied calmly, his soldier persona coming on now.
“But then you said that you want privacy," Tony repeated, getting confused, walking closer to Steve carefully like a cat unsure of its prey. He knew to gauge Steve’s reaction carefully before he couldn't stand to wait any longer, reaching out to push the strands of hair back behind Steve's ears.
“I would prefer not to be referred as such from now on..Colonel”, Steve cut him, taking a look at Rhodey’s jacket, clearly able to tell his rank.
Stane laughed as he made his way towards them, ignoring the loud noise and creaking from the ground as he slid his heavy feet across it.
He didn't really talk to Steve, he could have sworn that the Captain was avoiding him, for one reason or another, but he didn't know why. Maybe the things that he said shook him more than the blond would let him know, but Tony was truly struggling to keep his sanity as the person that kept him company most of the days was this Reed Richards. Apparently they were close in this universe, but sometimes, the way he spoke about that other Tony, about the things that they did together really troubled him. He might have been morally ambiguous in the past, but he wouldn't never cross lines that his self in that universe apparently did.
Steve nodded, deep in thought. He knew this too well, having to mask his feelings, his anxieties, his fears, when in the presence of others, suffering silently despite the therapy that he was getting for his PTSD. The last thing he expected was to have more in common with Tony Stark than expected.
He screamed in agony as Steve fell, falling with him until their grip loosened. He could see the blood that covered Steve's chest, right where his heart was.
“I promise I will, just.. let me do it, Tony. Don’t be afraid, trust me, I’m as scared as you are..”, Steve replied more softly, hesitantly raising his arm to touch Tony’s cheek, sighing in relief when the man didn’t push him away. “I promise.. everything I promised, everything I told you about our future.. I swear it, Tony, we’ll make it work, I’m not leaving you alone in Hell, heck I would follow you there blindly if I had to”, he said, gritting his teeth.
“Up late again? When will you ever learn, Tony?”, a soft voice was heard behind him, and he felt the gentle touch on his shoulder right away.
“I’ve never been so close to anybody either and I don’t want this to change,” Tony said, linking their fingers again. “It’s like, you know, when you kiss me, it feels that this should have happened so long ago, it’s so, fitting?”
“I don’t know for sure but.. it seemed like some kind of serum.. he’s not using the incomplete one, is he? He’s missing a good number of compounds, he needs your blood to define which ones are-“
“You were wrong, it’s not about them”, he finally said. “To be honest, at first, all the nightmares were about them but this.. changed now”
“Captain, there is something that you need to see right away.”, the man’s voice wad heard when Steve finally answered his phone.
The captain was fast asleep yet again before him, but all that mattered to Tony right now was the fact that he, Tony Stark, actually helped Steve Rogers in a way nobody could. He was the one that could fight off the bogeyman, the only one able to defend the mighty Avenger, and all that by doing one thing he thought he could never do; love someone so dearly and unconditionally.
“Yes,” Steve said. “When I touch you I get this strange feeling, as though I am supposed to be next to you. I don't know what that feeling is, but perhaps it is the fates, as you said, pushing us together to help our parents. Many soldiers feared coming to Sparta, but I refused to show fear and I needed to face you, even if it was for you to turn me down.”
“You like the booze? Take your pick; we’re supposed to throw you quite the warm welcome anyway. And you Irish know your business more than we do”, Tony said, pointing at some of the shelved drinks.
Tony was fascinated by everything that Steve showed him, jumping at every chance to read some of the poems out loud himself. He encouraged Steve to continue as they talked about the various meanings of words and actions of the characters, and Steve explained the background of the jokes and references. Tony was really enjoying himself, and didn’t even look outside to see the time of day; he was focusing on Steve’s teaching, replying correctly to the questions that were set to him, proud when he answered correctly.
He did indeed stay awake for the majority of the night; by the time that he received the call from Happy and heard the doorbell, faint dark circles appeared under his eyes. His hair was neatly parted on the side, wearing more comfortable clothes instead of his uniform like he did the day before.
“We’ll see, we need the surgeons to come in first, they will start working on you, then the engineers come in. I’ll be there looking after the whole procedure from start to finish. Of course you’ll be knocked out, we can’t do this with you being awake. However, we’ll need your full cooperation when we wake you up to make sure that all is working perfectly. Like they probably said to you, this is considered to be smart technology. Your new legs will respond to your thoughts, so don’t be surprised if you...find a patch of hair missing in the back of your head, at least for a few weeks.”
“Really, Captain? Reed Richards? None of you recognise me? I expected more of a warm welcome, I'm so disappointed…”
There was a moment of silence as a couple of names flashed on the screen, a map finally appearing with a pin stating the location.
Falcon and a couple of others walked in - one of the men was tall and broad with longer blonde hair and a long beard to accompany it. Another was a man with shorter brown, scruffy hair, carrying a quiver on his back with a bow resting in it.
They could hear the shouting, missed shots behind them, but they were making their way outside the deeper parts of the cave as fast as they could. Whitney would have without a doubt cut their rope down, but she must have left something there to help her and her men up again.
Steve’s eyes widened and he touched his lips with his own wet fingertips, eyes darting down in thought at how beautiful it felt. When their lips touched he could feel softness, a gentle innocence from the man who others saw as cruel. It felt indescribably sweet.
“I want to promote freedom amongst my people, and yet I’m not free myself,” Steve said, moving to touch one of the silver bracelets that were around his wrists, rubbing at them.
But Tony wasn't willing to let him leave yet. “Prove your people right in what sense exactly?” he replied as he returned the icy cold stare. “And to answer your question, I was willing to accept your offer to help but I wanted something in return."
“They have names now? I don’t know, but whatever anyone is paying you to keep me here, I'm going to pay you double to let me go. I go back to New York and promise not to go all Iron Man on you for doing this to me. I've been kidnapped before, I'm not doing this again, it’s boring and repetitive.”
“I really love it too, that’s why I don’t want to categorise it,” Tony said, lifting Steve's chin a little. “I like what we have now, I don’t know what it is, but I like it.”
Steve frowned. “You may scorn the dead all you wish. Feel free,” he said, backing even further away and starting to turn away from Tony to walk back to one of the pathways.
“Your little faith is somewhat bemusing. You forget, I am the son of Athena. In my mother’s name, I shall ensure that my duties are carried out, no matter the blood that flows through their veins,” Steve said firmly, taking his leave and through the large marble doors.
Tony found it hard to look at Steve’s eyes with the way he was looking back to him, especially after hearing his words. “You know, I really need someone like you to teach me how to keep him out. It took a while to get him out of his shell,” Tony said as he tilted his head to the side, feeling Steve’s wet fingers against his skin.
“I’ve changed. Maybe I want to be remembered for something good for once, not for being responsible for killings across the globe. And no matter if that formula is successful or not, people will die and get hurt, because I would allow it. This is not happening now, so you better accept it, pal”, Tony said, eyes fixed on the older man to show that he meant every single world and that he wasn’t scared of his empty threats.
The first boy was named Stephanos (Steven – the modernized term), a frail young boy doomed to die from ailments at a young age, born in the centre of Athens. Athena saw the child and took him under her wing, claiming him as her son to care for him, nurturing him until he was a tall, gallant man who took pride in his knowledge of law and justice for his people.
“I like you too, Spartan,” Steve said, smiling contently as Tony held him. It wasn’t often people touched his waist and it was sensitive. It made him tense for a moment, but he was relaxing into the touch soon enough.
Steve nodded. “Took me a while to get the idea, I started off thinking about how much we love smores, then I wondered how possible it would be to seal off a cup with a giant marshmallow..turns out that is more effective than I thought”, he replied proudly.
Steve Rogers was resting against the wall, next to the empty, single cell, shutting his eyes and waiting for the older saloon owner. He got a good look at him the night before, but he only showed up for a while because he had to; big towns sure had weird customs.
“See, Son of Athena, your wisdom has failed you,” Falcon said with a stubborn sneer, always blunt with his words.
Tony didn’t exactly protest; Steve supporting him and looking menacing when facing someone as shady as Stane was a plus, not to mention that it made him feel good that the soldier felt protective over him, even in the slightest. He nodded as they waited patiently until the elevator doors opened, getting inside the same room that they were the day before, the door leading to Tony’s private office opening, a man stepping out with his arms crossed, not looking pleased at all.
He looked healthier than he did locked up in Reed’s lab, that was for sure, but he didn't feel at ease. There was no reason for him to feel that way, he wanted to go home and he was stuck in a situation where anything could go wrong in a matter of seconds. In fact, nobody promised him that Kang couldn't end up in his own world, threatening his own team of Avengers and leaving him no world to return to after this was over.
“For now, I’ll get you a change of clothes and you can get on the helicopter with me, we’re flying back to New York later. You know, you’re Captain America, you automatically gain privileges, a celebrity status if I can say.. You’ll have a new apartment in no time, until it’s fixed you can stay in my Tower. The StarkTower, that is, I moved there as well a couple of months ago, I needed to be closer to the base of the operations”, the brunette replied.
Tony smiled in return, making sure to keep Steve warm as he rubbed his nose against the man’s cheek, enjoying the feeling of their bodies against each other, protection from the cold.
“I hope that Pepper didn’t give you a hard time. How was your first night?”, he asked him, stepping close with a smile on his face.
The he bumped into something; it was still too dark to tell what or who it was. Times like these he actually did miss the reactor’s bright light. A pair of hands reached out for him and he gasped, pulling away straight away.
Steve gasped in shock the moment Tony's lips pressed against his skin. It made the heat rise to his cheeks, and he raised his eyebrows as he pressed himself back against the door.
Steve appeared taller than he was to him as his back was straight, towering over Tony menacingly. An ex soldier was angry with him, an ex soldier with legs able to send him across the room and break multiple bones of his body.
“You have to learn how to control this, just adjust the strength, it’s not too hard”, Steve laughed, gesturing at his legs. “Is that..Natasha, was it?”
There was something in his tone that made Tony smile. A fan of his? That was flattering, to say the least.
The car pulled on the side of the pavement next to the Eiffel  Tower, Tony putting on his dark sunglasses as the warm summer sun embraced them, with Steve staring into the giant metallic structure above them.
“I’m glad this one is here..”, Steve muttered, kneeling down and pulling a wooden box out of the bottom of the closet, blowing to get rid of the dust and sitting on the floor, holding it close to him.
When they ended up back at the hotel, the night had fallen already, and even though they both had a few drinks, Tony had a bit more, and Steve had to carry him once they got in the elevator. The Captain didn’t approve of Tony’s drinking, but tonight was an exception since they were together on holidays and he just wanted to have fun, with Steve being there to look after him. He wasn’t drunk, just heavily tipsy and exhausted from the meeting and trip, while Steve was still wide awake and functional. The tall man placed him on the bed, Tony rolling over and covering himself with the sheets with a silent groan. Steve let out a soft chuckle, his fingers brushing through the black mess, slick as always, his eyes focused on the calm, sleepy face of the billionaire, who always seemed to be so sure about himself, his ego which seemed unbreakable when they first met all gone now as his face muscles relaxed, letting out soft moans. Just like that, Steve fell asleep next to him, only to wake up a few hours later, probably midnight judging by a quick look at his watch that Tony got him, despite telling him off for not having the numbers displayed on it. Tony groaned again, stretching his arms as he sat up drowsily, rubbing his eyes.
“Can I put one up?”, Steve asked again, kneeling to examine the different colours and writings on the locks.
“I don’t know and I don’t care”, Tony gritted his teeth. “We’re not using the serum for this company’s profit. Haven’t you heard what happened to the last scientist that tried to replicate the formula? Trust me, you don’t want to know”
“Morning”, Steve replied as he took a long sip. “I figured it out, don’t worry, nothing’s broken. And before you say anything, yes, I can read the instructions and follow them. Oh, and this coffee tastes great, thank you”
“Didn’t take long for you figure out that you aren’t really mad at me”, Tony smirked, with Steve stopping munching on the spoon to give him a small frown, but laughing it off as he pulled Tony to a hug.
“A doctor like... saving lives and such? No, I couldn’t see myself as one... But mathematics, physics, astronomy... those interest me; I’m just really curious, I want to know about everything,” Tony said with a hungry spark in his eyes.
“Are you trying to confess to me, Tony?”, he asked him quite bluntly, which cause Tony to blink and cough nervously.
He was there, Captain America was actually there, right in front of him. His uniform and hood were mostly torn up, but the star on his chest belonged without a doubt to him. His hood wasn’t removed, but part of his hair was visible, along side his right cheek. It
Steve fought the men, trying to push them back, trying to defend his land. His silver and blue armour sparkled in the red sun that gleamed over them and, as he ran forward, he stopped in his tracks. He spotted Tony amongst the men, the golden and red armour shimmering ever so brightly, stained with blood splatters from the battle. He should have done it, he should’ve charged forward just as he did when they had first met, but he couldn’t. His body felt numb and his heartache returned with a vengeance.
“Captain Rogers, if you may, place yourself next to me”, he said as he pointed at the spot on the table. “It’s a standard procedure, nothing to worry about”
“Then that is your own problem, not mine, or my mother's,” Steve said, keeping his voice in more of a low growl.
“We were together, yes, in your chambers,” Steve continued, looking so young in his shyness, as much as he was trying to hide it.
Tony didn’t waste any further time; the second that Steve opened his mouth, he pushed his tongue inside, hungrily sucking on his tongue, trying to thrust in deeper with every single one of Steve’s pushes. The sounds Steve made were music to Tony's ears. “More," he groaned in pleasure.
“How do you find them?”, Steve asked as he joined him in the workshop, not really keen on leaving Tony unsupervised for so long.
They went past the temple of Hephaestus and promised that they would return later, and they slowly began their ascent to the hill, watching the Parthenon from afar, nearing it with each step. In no time, they had reached the top, the amphitheatre of Epidaurus at their feet. And then they were looking down at the beautiful city of Athens.
It clicked in his head; this robot was meant to entertain him in what Steve would deem as their own private activities. He looked around, yet again, his sense of paranoia at its peak given he’d very rarely ever been completely alone in the mansion asides from when he was in his room or at the gym. He swallowed hard, “How long is Tony going to be away for?” He asked instead. He cursed himself internally, was he actually considering giving his consent dependant on how long he’d be alone? Well he had urges too, especially being a super soldier with his increased stamina and youthful internal functions.
They kept walking, stopping from time to time to rest under the shade of trees, or even share to their bread together while chatting animatedly. And Steve enjoyed the journey with Tony; it was very rare that he would have company of any sort.
“I never felt anything for any of them before, and I just wanted the company,” Tony said with a shrug. “And marrying one of them just so I’m not alone. It just didn’t seem right to me. So, whenever they would agree, I would let them sleep by my side, be less lonely.”
“And yet you are trying to shield yourself from it,” Tony pointed out, smiling after every short kiss. He didn't want Steve to pull away, moving closer little by little, careful not to push Steve too far as he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck. “I really like this as well. And we can do it before we go to bed if you want to.”
Steve stayed quiet; he still had his doubts, but to hear Tony saying those words really did help him. Turning around, he wrapped his arms around Tony for a moment, in which the shorter man responded with an awkward pat on the back.
Tony didn’t raise his eyes, focused on his work. “Oh? Another one? And you’re going to let him in?” he asked as he narrowed his eyes, annoyed at the possible conversation that he was going to have with the ambassador. He was good with dialogues, but he hated talking about pointless things.
A couple of days later, Tony was staying in the Avengers Tower, exploring, trying to learn as much as he could about his counterpart. Not only he found out that Thor, Clint, Natasha and Bruce were so different from his friends back home, but he learnt that the Avengers were a much bigger team here than the one they had back home, it almost felt like a huge family. The Avengers, however, seemed to be wary of him, only one of them, a young superhero named Peter Parker seemed to be more willing and accepting, actually sitting down and chatting with him, listening to what he had to say.
Maybe being Captain America again wouldn’t be so bad after all, but would it give Steve another purpose to live and fight when everything seemed lost? Was he going to just fight an aimless battle to offer nothing to the world? That was his fear, of being rejected and forgotten, but Tony made it clear that even if that was the case, one soul would believe in him, and that was the engineer himself.
He looked around; it was too dark to tell how deep the hole was, and he didn’t want to waste their precious light. The location, however, seemed to match their destination.
Tony walked with Steve into the main chamber, walking past the numerous statues of Ares, reminding him of who he was supposed to be, how he was supposed to act while he was in the heart of his city, but he didn’t want to disappoint Steve, not after their talk in Thebes.
He was a Spartan, he would do anything to lead his people to victory, but kill the man in front of him now that the met him? It didn’t sound like something that he would do, if Steve never came here and he saw him during the heat of the battle. Things would have been different, but now it was a different case. “I believe that we can change that,” he said, more firmly this time. “No, I want to change that”
Steve nodded slightly, trying to find a way to put it into words. “It feels really- strange but I really, I like doing this. I mean I enjoy being close, like this.”
The argument around them carried on, and Steve stayed silent, looking deep inside the other man’s brown eyes. He was wrong; he was nothing like his father. Every moment that he spent living in this modern world only disappointed him more; people were nothing like the old days. They were selfish, only caring about their selves, and he honestly had no idea how this team could work out.
Tony managed to strike back, killing the man, but he watched his own spear fall. He wasn’t truly wounded, and he looked up for Steve again, trying to decipher anything at all in his eyes.
“Are you saying I am an equal because of my parent? Or because I have earned it?” Steve asked. “And if you were to come to Athens with good intentions, those good intentions would be welcomed.”
“This.. this is a memory box”, Steve simply said with a huff. “I keep, well, used to keep, things in here that meant a lot to me.. they still do”, he said as opened it and swallowed down, taking out some old sepia photos. He couldn’t help but smile nostalgically as he went through them all; him and Bucky smiling, the Commandos behind them, him and Cynthia laying on the grass, a picture of Peggy later on, looking so focused as she was reading a letter, her dark lipstick defined even in the old photograph.
Tony didn’t fight back this time around. Instead he placed his hands over Steve’s and looked at him calmly, just like Steve did before. “You’re not a coward but you decide to sit back let fate decide when you can change everything”
But Steve was unsure. “Shield myself?” he asked, leaning back on the edge of the bath as he allowed Tony to move closer. “This is friendship, isn’t it? Or... Is there more to it?”
“Tony”, Steve said after the credits of yet another episode started to roll. “Can I ask you for a favour?”, he asked. Being in the Tower was nice, the facilities were indeed amazing and Tony was making sure that he wasn’t deprived of anything. And yet, he couldn’t live like that, he couldn’t just sit back and enjoy a comfortable life that someone else was offering him.
And just like that, the man in the star spangled uniform turned around, reacting so fast when he felt an armoured hand on his shoulder, slapping it away with disgust.
Tony took a deep breath and walked over to him, turning Steve around to looking straight into his eyes. The disappointment in them was overwhelming, but that didn't stop Tony.
Steve continued to move his shield around in silence, not seeming interested to ask why Tony was still there, causing him to cough and get his attention, and slowly turning to him.
“You know, I had those for a while when I started performing back in the day. Didn't last long…”, Steve scratched his head.
He was laying on the sofa, squeezing a small ball and staring at the ceiling, trying to think if he would go back to Tony in the Tower, maybe have some more time to think about his decision, when the song was interrupted, the radio host sounding distressed as she started talking.
Steve got up, moving up to the window and shutting it, finally realising that he wasn’t alone in the bedroom. His eyes widened, letting out what it could resemble a battle cry and darting towards the man’s shadow, jumping over the bed and tackling him to the ground.
“Is that the only reason why you want me alive?” Tony asked as he pulled back from the kiss, watching Steve’s eyes glimmer in the dark.
Tony watched Steve carefully and nodded when Steve allowed him to continue, leaning forward to trail his tongue over the man’s defined muscles, worshipping every muscle of his body, admiring how well-built he was for someone who didn’t even follow such a strict training as himself.
They walked outside, into the cold snow again, the landing pad at the left of the giant tent filled with helicopters, waiting for them and the rest of the crew, that seemed to be running around frantically, unpacking everything and bringing down the tents.
Steve wore his finest armour, placing his helmet on, readying his spear and shield as he stood by his men, awaiting the attack from the rival city.
“More than anyone else. You mean a lot more to me than you’ll ever understand, Steve..”, the billionaire replied as he rubbed the man’s back softly.
“It’s me, isn’t it? That’s my beard there," Tony said with a smile, leaning closer to examine Steve's work. “It’s really accurate, if I can say that.”
By the time that they've reached the graveyard, Tony was starting to figure out where Steve was taking him. Somehow, the thought of seeing his own grave seemed scarier than seeing the body of someone who looked so identical to him. He shrugged in his seat and looked outside the window, really making Steve rethink his decision to take Tony with him. This had to be done, he had to see it with his own eyes.
“But what if we create our own?” Tony murmured with a shake of his head. “Make our own customs, suited to an Athenian and Spartan demigod.”
He stopped another incursion, but that would cost him more than he could ever imagine, his own life. Maybe that would make some people happy after all, maybe Steve would remember him as a hero. A crooked smile appeared on his face as his closed his eyes. A hero. Something that he could never call himself, no matter how many times he sacrificed everything for the sake of others. Even now, he was being selfish. Paying the ultimate price to prove to Steve that he wasn't the man who he thought he was.
“Which is what I'm doing right now too. If I helped him take responsibility in such a messed up way that lead to his death… I'm taking full responsibility of stopping Kang and getting you back home safe and sound.”
“Wait until you see what they can really do, you’ll be amazed”, Tony said, chest puffing out proudly.
The first thing that Steve noticed was the strange smell and the way the air actually felt heavier to breathe in this environment. He pulled his coat further up to cover his nose as he reluctantly followed Tony, who seemed to relaxed and comfortable, clearly in his environment again.
Tony gave them another sharp look, but they insisted on keeping him safe, which did make sense when he considered that the soldier grabbed him and threw him on the ground just moments earlier.
Tony’s eyes narrowed. Staged? His accident was staged? Confused, he carried on reading. What followed was a huge list of soldiers and their ranks, completed with their condition and when the ‘accident’ took place. He stared at the screen in horror as detailed reports of those ‘accidents’ were coming up, along with the names of the assets that staged them. It wasn’t hard at all to piece one and one together; that’s how the project got so many volunteers, they were selecting their victims, staging their accidents, ruining lives just so they could get this project running.
The blond smirked as he swooped down, grabbing Tony by his waist and lifting him up with him. Tony gasped and wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, looking down at the distance that separated them from the ground, then back at Steve who seemed to have been staring at him and looked away...bashfully? He didn’t think about it too much, instead he enjoyed the feeling of flying, holding on Steve and really loving how close he was to him for a change.
“I, I think it is even though I have never done this with any other ‘friend,’” he said in mild confusion, tilting his head to the side. “I don’t know, but we can try? See how much we enjoy each other’s company.”
“Are you ready..?”, Tony’s voice was heard next to him, to which Steve replied with a simple nod and took the keys Tony handed him.
“Go change into something more festive - keep one of your gauntlets on though”,Steve suggested all cryptically, moving away from Tony.
“Excuse me; I thought I did, my mistake," Tony replied, knowing well from experience that Steve wouldn’t would want the excuse, walking fast to keep up with him. “So… do you have any business back in Athens?”
Tony smiled widely at that comment; it was different when it came from such an admirable man, and he was really grateful for the compliment. “Thank you, Athenian,” he said. “I hope I won’t disappoint you any further.”
So this was the new century.. The future he fought for seemed so disappointing to look at, and if he were to take Tony’s words at heart.. he knew he would end up being more hurt. He didn’t even have time to think about his past yet, what happened to his friends, his allies, even his beloved. The thought that they might have been out there, alive, but changed, even not remembering him really made his chest ache. He didn’t want to be left out.. to be a man out of time, because that was exactly how he was feeling at that moment; broken, lost, alone. Sure, Tony offered his help, but he wasn’t Bucky, he wasn’t any of the Howling Commandos and most of all, he wasn’t Peggy. He didn’t know if he would dare ask for Tony’s help to find out what happened to all of them, if he even wanted to know.. but he knew he had to do it, he had to know if he could move on or not.
Steve looked up at him curiously, resting his arms along the edge of the bath. “Why do you say that?”
“You could have told me and then not attempted to form this friendship with me, I think our actions change the fate, not what we know or wish we knew," Tony said, not taking his eyes from the night sky. “You know, I’ve never been this far from home before.”
Steve tucked in his lower lip, giving Tony a shy smile. “Well we were in your place of rest, together...” he said, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes to hide from the embarrassment as he made up his mind. “Our bodies were tangled together under your linens, my legs and yours...” he said, a small cough following his words.
“And I’ll be the best student,” Tony reassured him. “I was top of my class before, I can do it again.”
He grew up in a small Irish community, doing all kinds of chores to support his mother once his father was killed in during an argument that turned out to be quite bloody and ugly in the end. After his mother passed away, he worked at random ranches around town, herding and tending cattle, learning his way round being a proper cowboy and most of all, how to ride a horse. He was quite good at it; he was even called a natural when he tamed his first wild horse. It was a beautiful beast, with a shiny brown coat, dark markings around its eyes and an attitude closer to one of a mule’s. Of course Captain, a fitting name for such a companion, came with Steve and accompanied him when he finally decided to work for the law. That required him to move to the nearest town, leaving most of his older life behind. Irish men weren’t exactly favoured by the local authorities and they sure caused some unnecessary trouble, especially when they started forming big gangs. Still, the Marshall did give young Steve a chance to prove himself, and was even impressed with the boy’s determination to serve the country’s law and protect its citizens.
Tony had to stay completely still the moment that the Captain stepped inside the workshop, knowing that the suit would eventually get his attention; after all, he had the same eye for detail than Tony did, taking his time to pay attention to mostly everything. The moment that he stopped in front of him, he flashed a grin from the inside of his suit, so thankful that he didn’t actually have to speak to give orders to his suit. With a sudden move, the suit sat up, facing Steve, eyes lit up as it looked like it was examining him.
Tony held onto that kiss. He had thought he'd never get the chance to do it again. “And I will be more than just enough, I swear," He reassured him.
Tony looked straight back into the bright, clever eyes that he couldn’t take his own eyes from for long, not sure what to expect, not even sure what he wanted from him; his mind was blurry. He just knew that he wanted to stay there with Steve to be held and comforted. He reached out and traced Steve’s lips, admiring how perfectly shaped they were.
Tony stayed still as Steve did the same, warm lips feeling so good against his skin, and he didn't really know how to reply, what he should say, if anything.
And they continued to ride towards his home town, staying quiet for the rest of the journey, still thinking of what happened while they were talking in Thebes. It felt so strange, so comforting, and when Steve finally touched him, it had felt so right.
“Ladies and gentlemen... This is indeed, Captain America”, Tony announced once he found his ability to speak again, his voice almost shaking. “No! Don’t touch the ice, we’ll transfer him as he is! We don’t know what seventy years in there could have done to him, or what will happen if he unfreezes right here”, he yelled as soon as the crew members started to approach, holding up their equipment.
“You’re a good man, Tony. You say that people get the wrong impression but.. if they bothered to actually get to know you, they would understand”, Steve said confidently, reaching out and giving Tony’s shoulder a light squeeze.
“No offence, Stark, but I’d rather stand on my own two feet and live somewhere that I will feel more comfortable. Preferably, alone”, Steve replied.
Steve felt his own chest getting heavy, kneeling down next to Tony and offering him a napkin. “You had to see it…”
Steve cradled the scrolls instead, so he could use one arm to hold them and keep the other free. “And if they don’t?” he asked.
He was kept busy almost at all times and that’s exactly what he needed; a mind like his own needed this, he needed to escape the nightmares and anxieties that would hit him at the most unfortunate and inconvenient times.
Tony spent his days as expected, often in discussion with his father to then bring the matters to the group of elders, who thought highly of him. Still, much was expected from the child of Ares, a man close to the age of thirty. He was nearing the age of marriage, being pressured into finding a suitable wife and to raise children worthy of his own name. However, Tony was focused on leading the people of Sparta, giving his advice to the King; he was leader of the Army, training future warriors and teaching them about the use of the new weapons that he started producing following his work with Hephaestus. The war was upon them, and despite the Athenians trying to resolve the situation and send in people to negotiate, Tony was harsh, preaching that his father’s will was for Sparta to go to war and teach a lesson to the Athenians who dared to even think of stealing their glory.
“Very funny, I can take care of myself”, the billionaire said, but smirked once he turned his head around, getting in the snow vehicle that stopped in front of them. “Come on, hop in”, he promted the other man, as the large amount of trucks and helicopters followed them, heading far away from the camp.
“I’m sure that we’re all very thrilled about this, but Rogers here might need some rest. I suggest that we send him home and start the tests tomorrow”, Tony had to shout to be heard over the loud noises and people who were trying to get another closer look at Steve’s legs.
The blonde arched his eyebrow sharply.  “Does that make you proud, Spartan? That you can walk in weather that most would much rather remain indoors within, and prevent illness?”
“I’m glad I didn’t either.” Steve replied, pulling his head back to look at Tony, admiring how at ease he seemed.
As soon as he set foot on Peloponnese, he realized how different mainland Greece was to this land and, passing by the close temples, he noticed how they didn’t seem to be as majestic as the ones back in his own city. People there lived much simpler life, consumed by their desire to be strong when it came to their military and economic power. However, he was determined that they could have a change of heart and listen to him and what he had to say, and he marched on, breathing on an air of determination. He stayed close to water, taking it when he needed refreshment, eventually arriving at the large structures that indicated the entrance to Sparta, gazing up at the guards. He couldn’t say that he wasn’t nervous, but he had a duty, and he trusted his mother to protect him, no matter how troublesome that journey may be.
Steve opened his eyes and peered over his hand at Tony. “I’ve never had that sort of dream before... You and I...” he said, biting his lower lip.
Tony let out a quiet sigh as he admired the man’s beauty yet again, not managing to get over how handsome he looked in such a state. “Do you want me to, uh, lie next to you?”
He had done it yet again, whenever there was the slight chance to escape a life that was set for him, he managed to ruin it, by either saying too much or too little. In this case, he blamed his inability to express his true feelings, whether they were caused by the arrows of the cupid or not.
“Isn’t your head burning up?”, he asked, wiping the sweat off his forehead, lowering his shield slightly once the rays seemed to be dying down, hoping that the rest of the team had better luck at shutting down the appropriate Iron Man focused death traps in all of the rooms. They did count on the fact that once the Melter was apprehended, the rest of the devices he built in those rooms would be permanently switched off as well, and judging by their strength feeling weakened, it seemed that at least one team was succeeding.
, he asked himself, not sure if he could even answer that. He just told his teenage hero that he wasn’t dead, that he woke up 70 years into the future and that he could take him back to New York.. Then what was in for the Captain? How could he deal with all the changes around him, and without a doubt, the mental consequences of those events?
“And who exactly needs saving here?” Tony said, giving him another look, the side of him that Steve had tamed coming to the surface again. “Who are you, even, showing up in my private chambers like that? If you know who you’re talking to, you know who my father is."
Tony pulled a face. He was already feeling better; Steve’s presence worked miracles on him in a way he couldn’t explain. “Maybe.”
Tony coughed and stood on his legs again, hearing the rage in the man’s voice, the same tone that he had used against him before. “I did everything I could but it was not good enough! I can’t stop wars, Steve, I’m a war bringer, the son of Ares, remember?” he cried in return, his arms spread as the killing around them resumed.
Tony couldn’t keep his eyes away from Steve’s beaming face, rubbing his chin softly as he held tightly on the man’s hand. “You know, that’s how I feel as well.”
Tony had started to develop some feelings of admiration and respect for the man but, on top of that, he wanted Steve to stay for a while. He actually wanted to help Steve's people and stop that lunatic fate that threatened them. There was no way he would march into battle against a man who showed him nothing but kindness, who held him so close and treated him in such a delicate way.
“Mr. Stark!”, one of the scientists, a short, ginger man yelled from behind the screens. “You have to see this!”
Tony watched as Steve approached him at his own pace, wanting to keep his eyes open to watch the handsome, perfectly shaped face as he brought their lips together, but he couldn’t help but shut them, overwhelmed with emotions.
Tony Stark wasn’t used to be rejected, not at all, if one thing, he was a well-known heartbreaker, and that wasn’t his fault (according to himself at least), he said it before: no relationships or all that commitment crap. That’s why being with Pepper didn’t work out, and realised that if he wanted to keep the people he cared about close to him,
Steve let out a sigh. “I don’t follow my mother’s wishes blindly, and I question them and weigh them against my own ethics,” he said, though at the mention of being friends, his eyes widened slightly. “What makes you think I would want to be friends with you? And why you, me?”
“I could go there," he said as he moved quickly, his red chiton flying behind him. “What are you planning there? You know, we don’t have those in Sparta.”
“I’m sure that nobody will notice that you were gone, take it as a..lunch break”, Steve chuckled. Something must have been wrong with him because he just found the idea of a tooth fairy sneaking into his room and asking him out on a date extremely sweet. Yeah, something was definitely wrong, once again he blamed the drugs.
He followed Steve inside and kept silent in order not to disturb anyone who was praying with the echo of his voice, looking around at the different statues. He stopped in front of a giant statue of Athena, looking proudly down at him with her helmet on, a large shield and spear to hand, along with her trusty owl. She seemed really intimidating and wise, much like her son.
Tony woke up from his unexpected nap an hour and a half later, hearing the footsteps and rushing outside his tent.
Oh well, he should have known it, the Irish weren’t meant to be trusted or expected to obey American habits and traditions. They stayed together and formed their communities, and Tony wasn’t fond of any Irish fella he has the honour of meeting so far. Tony wasn’t a man of patience, he hated to wait and even more to be disrespected.
Steve swallowed down; there was no point struggling with words any longer, and leaning closer one last time, his lips met Tony’s.
It would be like seeing a wax figure, only that this was the real deal. No, he wasn’t making this sound any better, wax figures were creepy too anyway.
The walls seemed that they were shining, covered in large screens, a surely expensive rug on the centre of the room, the large, comfy, futurist chairs surrounding and the small table in the middle.
Tony thought carefully, trying to look around for inspiration. “We’ll get somewhere when they can see us, and shout,” he said with a nod. “They are bound to at least listen."
Tony looked down at him before he cupped Steve's face, leaning down to placing a kiss on his lips. He didn't pull himself back this time around; instead he carried on kissing him, licking his lips so desperately and so slowly, breathing through his nose so he didn't have to pull away.
As the scientists were placing him on the table, Steve closed his eyes, trying to think of what the outcome, of the endless possibilities that he would receive. He was left in a pair of black underpants, his missing legs fully exposed, his head prompted up as more people in labcoats and surgical masks stepped into the room. Before he knew it, a mask was placed on top of his mouth, and he slowly lost consciousness, Tony’s face smiling encouragingly to him being the last thing he saw.
“Avengers Assemble!”, Steve cried out, everyone gathering around him and Tony, their weapons and fists lifted up to face off the imminent threat.
Steve looked over at Falcon, and then at the other two men as he quickly sat up, away from Tony, holding his tunic to his chest.
Tony looked at him, trying to hide a smile, but this shy, reserved side of Steve was something he found himself enjoying. “Uh, I wanted to show you that I like you,” he said in a lower voice. “And I don’t know if they do, I never really had many friends to begin with. It felt sort of, right?”
“And you didn’t see any of the footage; don’t try to make me look like the bad guy here. Have you seen the footage from my time in Afghanistan? I’m sure Fury keeps it around. What about that time I almost killed myself, eyes closed on a roof of a building belonging to me, trying to save up a city from exploding? I didn’t think so. Don’t talk like you know me, Rogers. I’m nothing like the people you used to know, and I’m certainly not my father”. He didn’t regret saying that out loud, he needed to vent and being in his armour made him feel less vulnerable than when they were both inside, Steve claiming to be the hero he was.
Steve tilted his head, not insisting. He knew that the best way to deal with whatever was going through Tony’s head was to give him all the space he needed.
The Captain finally managed to look away, shutting his eyes painfully. He expected things to be bad, but this.. this wasn’t the place he loved and wanted to protect once, this was a living hell. And on top of that, according to Tony, he haven’t seen the worst. He dreaded going back to Brooklyn, even though the other man warned him not to. However, that was where he belonged, if he was going to start a new life in this century, he had to view every other part of his past first, mourn and then eventually let go. He tried not to think of that, that he couldn’t go back to what he lived before, but dismissed the thoughts when he noticed that Tony was staring.
Tony smirked at his words, the guest’s bluntness merely entertaining him at this point, standing up and giving him a nod and an ironic bow, stepping down the stairs to approach him.
“We can go back to the palace if you want to, they are private baths there,” Tony replied, and Steve started to panic. “Hey, hey calm down, there's no need to panic now.”
Steve nodded in acknowledgement as Tony took him back into the back of the palace, and into a different wing that he hadn’t shown Steve before. “There we are,” he reassured him, leading Steve to a smaller room. It was still filled with steam, as the room before had been, but this was far more private. “Nobody else will come in here.”
“Initiate electro shock to look for a pulse”, he ordered, keeping his eyes both on the screens and the man lying on the metal bed”
“You’ll have a couple of words with me about discipline now?”, Tony chuckled, mainly to hide the fact that Stane’s words did sound ominous to him.
“I’m sorry I’m dragging you to business, Steve”, he said as they got inside the car. This wasn’t the way he wanted that emotional moment to end, and it sure wasn’t ideal for Steve either.
Tony flinched once more; he didn't know how he was supposed to react, what he was supposed to say in response to that. That he was thankful? That he was going to help the Avengers of this dimension? That he was going to give his own life if he had to? He wasn't sure about anything.
Steve scoffed at him as he stood up, following Tony quietly, having to bend his legs to fit through the door. He was excited, the prospect of turning back to human made his tail waggle in joy. That didn’t go unnoticed by Tony who just giggled to himself on their way to the lab.
Tony gave him a careful look, smiling both at his words and the courage required to confess such thing. “You are loved either way, don’t you ever question that. We can do it the easier way, then. Another time, we’ll work it out.”
“Herr Rogers reacted positively to most of the compatibility tests. If he decides to join this program, we could even begin tomorrow”, Dr Zola said, his round glasses appearing even larger behind the screen that he focused on.
Steve stepped closer to him, rubbing Tony's chest lightly, just over the chain. “Then I am grateful for it.”
“I'm not going to lose you again! I've lost so many of you, I'm not letting it happen again!”, Steve growled, grabbing Tony’s arm to prevent him from moving away.
“Really? I’m sure that we could find a thing or two that I need to be taught”, he chuckled in the same voice that would always manage to send a shiver down Steve’s spine.
Tony smirked down at him as his grip on Steve's hair tightened, letting his head fall back to enjoy the soft sucking Steve was doing, appreciating every twirl of Steve’s tongue and every time that Steve decided to bite him just a bit.
“Then by foot,” Steve said, leading the way out until he reached the doors of the large palace, letting Tony lead whilst they were in the public eye.
Tony turned his back to Steve as he slipped out of the tunic he wore to replace it with a cream coloured one instead, filling his cup with wine and sitting on the low bed. “You must be exhausted" he pointed out.
Sometime later, they were in a motel, opening the door and looking at the double bed that was there.
“I see.” Steve said, pausing before he spoke again – he didn't want to pry but he couldn't curtail his curiosity. “So you are... Untouched?”
He had to literally run on batteries until help have arrived, and after consulting the greatest doctors, he concluded that this was his greatest scar yet; to have a broken heart and for people to be able to see that. Of course, he wanted to keep quiet about it, and he didn’t allow for the press to know, keeping this between his more trusted friends, but something sure made him shrug thinking that his childhood hero saw that huge scar. He saw it as his weakness, and the last thing he needed was for someone like Steve to consider him a weakling, a soldier that couldn’t march in battle when he was needed to. It was strange, Tony was the one having the expectations, and yet he was worrying about not meeting Steve’s when he would require his assistance one day.
thinking about him after all, imagining that he did the same when Tony was away for mission, those times that they would lock themselves in their rooms, frustrated that they couldn’t spend the night together. It only helped to boost up his confidence and desire to touch Steve with his own hands, but he had yet to use the primary function of the suit. He felt slightly bad to pull out the fingers from Steve’s behind, but he pulled him towards him, his knees bent as he seated him on his lap.
He gave him another nod and tipped his head back again, taking in a deep breath through his nose to breathe out through parted lips, shutting his eyes to enjoy the warmth of the bath.
Steve felt his heart sink at the words, looking down at the table before gathering his things together in his arms, taking Tony's words as a polite way of saying he was to leave.
“So far you’ve done nothing but redeem yourself in my eyes,” Steve said gently, straying his hand through his hair.
“I know it doesn’t.. I mean, I came to you because I thought that.. Let me start this again, all right?”, Tony huffed, thinking for a while. “I came to give you the shield back and ask if you were all right but since I’m here, I might as well.. Screw this, Steve”, he exclaimed, so annoyed with himself not being able to articulate properly.
“Why would you stay with a woman if not to, be with them?” Steve said, choosing his words carefully.
That looked off too. Tony just looked into those bright blue eyes, the eyes that right now radiating something that didn’t belong to his childhood hero. No, this wasn’t Captain America in front of him, he refused to believe that.
“I’m not asking you to tell me all his dark dirty secrets, just a few more words on the man who is funding a life changing project for me, that’s all.”
“That’s the Eiffel Tower, Steve. I’m sure you would recognise it”, Tony said, head tilting to the side as Steve placed his head on his shoulder.
It was true, they really did, and hunting for treasure wasn’t something that Steve ever considered. All it really took was an adventure by legendary Tony Stark’s side to change his “career” path.
Tony, on the other side, kept looking at Steve’s photo in his own documents, his childhood image of Captain America materialized in front of him. He saw him in action in all those SHIELD documented videos, remembered every tiny detail that Howard mentioned, not directly to him, but he did overhear it sometimes. This guy was supposed to be a hero, lost or killed from what he heard so many times before, but now it appeared that they found him. And he was well alive.
“Peggy..”, he whispered, trying to keep his voice from breaking, placing the bouquet of flowers down and standing there, hands in his pocket all clenched up, facing the ground. “I’m.. I’m so sorry, Peggy..”, he repeated over and over again.
“And you must know who my father is!” The blonde said once more, a clash of thunder accompanying his words.
“How does it feel, Captain? To know that you’re the cause of all this? I would love to take credit for myself, but I have to share it with you… He could have been alive, you know. I've seen it happening. But no, the two of you had to have this in a different way… I’m not complaining.”
“I didn’t mean to scare you," he said after a while, knowing that his appearance was strange to Steve and that it, combined with his loud voice, was probably the reason the blonde had pulled back.
Steve walked through the city, covering miles quickly, relying on his resources to keep him fit. This was where his training had finally come into play, and his constant trips up and down the mountains meant that his strong legs could endure such strain.
Somehow, he felt that this man might be able to do it, to change him for the better. But if Steve said that he couldn’t, then Tony knew he was beyond saving.
“Stark, wait. We need an attack plain, we can’t just rush in”, the Captain tried to say, but it seemed like he was completely ignored.
“Tony!”, Steve shouted again, getting his shield and managing a good number of hard hits on Stane, who made a couple of steps back towards the edge of the rooftop. The soldier ran towards Tony who seemed to be unconscious, shaking him while holding him protectively in his hands. “Tony! Listen to me!”, he shouted, fearing for the worst.
“You didn’t have absolute faith in my tech? I’m offended, I really am!”, Tony joked, to which Steve replied with a chuckle.
Even though he was particularly jealous of the suit, which sounded stupid to him, Tony couldn’t help but admire how obedient Steve was, ready to take on orders, something that he wasn’t used to from the Captain. The middle finger on his armoured glove pressed against the hole, running it up and down before pushing it inside, slowly and firmly, giving Steve some time to either get used to it or push him out.
And indeed, he kept his promise, interacting with Steve every now and then, but letting him keep his privacy, even though he could have sworn that sometimes the soldier seemed to want his company more than anything. Tony was willingly offering it to him, it was the least he could, and the two of them started to talk way more.
“You learned pretty fast," Tony said simply, lowering his gaze to watch Steve's hand on his stomach.
“What good will that do me and my people?” Steve asked, losing hope and hating being where he was, his arms wrapping around himself.
“So do you want me to show you more?” Tony asked, pushing up to support himself on one arm. “You can always say no if you don’t like it.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile as he lifted his hand to his face to rub it over his mouth. “Perhaps I should rather not say,” he muttered.
Steve grinned and climbed on top of Tony, lying over his body and waving his own feet in the air playfully. “Morning, Spartan,” Steve replied, kissing Tony’s lips softly.
Tony’s eyes widened and shook his head, waving with his hands. “No, no, that wasn’t what I meant at all. Doing this shouldn’t feel like an obligation to you, Athenian. I won’t ask for you unless you really want it, and if obeying your mother comes first, I will accept it. This has nothing to do with your people, it’s just for us.”
“Listen to yourself, Athenian!” Tony cried. “There’s enough time to prevent everything from happening; will you stop acting like this? We can save our people, both of us!”
Tony gave him another look, pulling Steve away from the main line of fire, the medallion healing most of his wounds already. “I...I love you, Steve, and I didn’t want to come to this, to this massacre," he said, gritting his teeth to stop himself from pouring any emotion into that moment. “We can stop this now, together.”
Tony nodded to him, eager at the prospect of learning, of finding out more about what really interested him. “Really? You have all of that?” he asked as he fixed his own tunic and got Steve’s hand, standing up properly.  “And more plays?”
Tony drew the painting closer, looking at Steve with a hint of surprise when he pulled him close, his arms so tight around his waist. “Uh, Steve?” he asked, practically feeling Steve’s breath against him.
Tony nodded, getting back thanks to the other’s help, wearing the Gauntlet and running towards the marked exit, avoiding the rocks that were coming down their way hard and fast.
Steve nodded, giving him a warm smile, slowly adjusting himself to turning around, lying down on the bed with his face tilted to the side so that he could still take the occasional glance over his shoulder at Tony.
Steve clenched his jaw, ignoring the comments as he saw past Tony, fixing some papers in front of him. “I was called because you specifically requested someone to..?” he said, pointing at Tony to answer is question.
Tony looked at his chest and then at Steve. He felt far more comfortable around him by now, and in all honesty, he didn’t see any reason why he shouldn’t know about his past, after all, the two of them had bonded after spending what it seemed ages together.
“For old time’s sake”, he whispered as he put the tooth on his night table, turning off the light and shutting his eyes.
“Is it just with the men or with the women too?” Steve asked, cupping the water in his hands and rubbing it over his face. He wet his blonde hair next, causing it to appear more golden with the droplets sparkling over it.
“You sound as though you wish to leave your people,” Steve said, picking up the shield to hand it to Tony. He never let anyone hold it, and yet he trusted Tony, even though he had been the last man to feel its strength in combat.
Steve nodded as he gathered his things. “Come, let’s make haste,” He said, walking up to Tony to kiss him lightly on the cheek.
“We’ve both been hurt, Steve, trust me,” Tony said. “One would think that being seen as children of the Gods has many advantages, but it brings us nothing but betrayal and loneliness. I don’t want to be hurt and alone, not when I can change that. And you have me as your friend, Steve. Don’t ever doubt that. You’re my friend.”
“You know, I can’t thank you enough for all this.. for helping me so much, you literally gave me a purpose in this new world, Tony.. not to mention a home, I couldn’t ask for anything else.. you’ve been here for me more than anyone else did, no matter what... never left my side and I.. I really appreciate that..”, he started, seeing that Tony’s expression softened.
“I had come to prevent such actions. Though one only gets respect that one earns. I had come to teach, to offer assistance to prevent war, though war seems to be the only way that you can prove your masculinity, as opposed to power. Knowledge is power, not strength, and yet you seem adamant to prove that it is the other way around. Not only that but you class my words as beautiful. That, to me, shows some form of admiration. Am I wrong, Spartan? Do you not admire the way Athenians speak? Do you not wish to possess such a way with words yourself? Can it not be strength, another weapon in your arsenal that you wish to possess?”
“Are you?! Did you have your entire life taken away so those sick psychos could experiment on you? Did you?! I’m going after them.”
“He doesn’t have the guts to hurt me”, Tony shrugged. “At least not directly. He’s like a snake, sly and slithering around trying to have his way, but I’ve made it my goal to stop him at all costs. In fact, it’s actually fun to piss him off, you know”
“I’m not pitying you, Athenian,” Tony replied more calmly, trying to be more careful with words now that they were left alone. “You know nothing about me, but know this; I treat every man as equal, and pitying you is something I would never do. And yes, you might be right; I might be too proud, but that’s what I have, that’s my armour, I can’t go to war without it. I’m still offering you a chance to try and teach me 'your ways,' as you’ve put it."
Probably not what someone would is hanging for his life wants to hear, but he had to have faith in him, climbing back up was impossible.
“You know you were a completely different person, back when I met you,” Steve said. “I had never felt more humiliated in my entire life, and now you say how I’ve taught you things? Like what?”
As he turned his gaze away from the window, he rolled on his side, using his upper body strenght to get himself sitting up, dragging the wheelchair closer. With precise, mechanical movements, he lifted himself up and sat on the chair, his eyes turning on the full body mirror. The scars on his face were healed, as well as the injuries on his chest and arms. Everything looked normal until he moved to his legs, or rather, where his legs used to be. His knees were covered in bandages, and that was it, there was nothing left lower than that. He hated the looks of sympathy that he would get, the realisation that he would never walk again, got for his morning runs, anything. He wheeled the chair away, not wanting to look at himself again.
Tony couldn’t help but smirk to himself when Steve couldn’t think of a suitable answer, a little smug at showing him that maybe the Athenian way wasn’t really the correct one. Steve preached about equality and justice, but his own actions often contradicted his sayings, and Tony could see right through it. He examined Steve's uneasy posture and left his bowl on the small table as he stood.
Tony smiled. “I’m lacking in that domain, you should start your teaching from there,” he said. “I’m more of a practical person; I really love a more scientific approach to most things.”
“Just the men,” Tony replied as he focused on watching Steve's every action. “The women don’t bathe along with us.” And he watched Steve, admiring the other man's beauty as he moved deeper into the water himself. “So am I the first one you've share a bath with?”
Tony held on to Steve as he led the horses out, driving past the same sights they saw when they first arrived on foot. He leaned against Steve and rested his eyes, patient as he was, eager to go back and get close to Steve once again.
“Oh come on! You can’t just roll your eyes when I’m telling you that the man who punched Hitler in the face fell here! His last stand, right here!”, he said, pointing at the iceberg. “And I’m going to find him”, he added, convinced that the hero wielding that shield must have been around.
Receiving a call from Reed Richards was the last thing that Steve would wish for. The relation between him and the remaining Illuminati was tensed, but he avoided the conflict so far, as Tony’s memory was respected.
“Look out there, Steve.. I really think that those people need you. They need to believe in someone, and you seem to be that person. No pressure or anything, I’m saying that from personal experience”, Tony replied to him, giving him yet another confident smile.
The sight was still overwhelming for Steve, and he doubted that he could get used to seeing his city like that. He was expected to adjust, and he knew that he was going to do that eventually, but for now he was mostly silent, still trying to realise what was going on, what this new life would mean to him. Part of him just wanted to believe that all this was a bad nightmare, that he was never awaken from his frozen slumber, that all this was just his mind playing tricks to him, but the sights and Tony talking to him about this new future was like a slap from reality across his face.
When Tony first announced that he was needed for an emergency meeting in Paris, he didn’t think that Steve would want to tag along. Well, Steve was indeed a curious person, and even though his memories in Europe weren’t exactly pleasant, he still wanted to visit all the different parts of the world and get to see what Tony had to deal with. Tony rolled his eyes in amazement as the taller man gave him a huge bear hug and ran to their shared by now bedroom to fix his suitcase, as he didn’t seem to realise that the trip wasn’t until next week.
“Because I’m really enjoying sitting here with you, just spend time together," he replied, sitting back again to let Steve touch him.
He didn't want to keep on talking, he didn't want to admit that he spent days, weeks dreaming that this was yet another one of his nightmares, that Tony, in reality, was alive and well, that he never betrayed him. He would really give up so much to go back to when things were simpler between the two of them.
Steve’s reply made Tony smile, and he was finally able to rest, eyes closing as he slowly drifted to sleep, still holding onto Steve.
“Captain, you’re miles away from New York, we’re a bit further up South from where your plane was crushed. I need to explain a couple of things to-”
“I know you will...” Steve said, facing Tony as he stood opposite him, staring into his eyes. He lowered his brightly painted shield, wrapping his arms around the man.
Tony moved lower into the water, so his beard was touching the warm surface, keeping his eyes fixed on Steve.  “You clearly have her looks, you know”, he carried on. “I mean you’re really handsome”
It didn't matter any more, he was going heading towards the figure, and just like that, he knew that it belonged to only one person.
“I thought that I’ve lost everyone, I truly did.. but it seems that I’ve found someone here that changed this.. that came to mean so much to me.. that’s you”, Steve said softly.
Steve hesitated a moment, but sat down next to him all the same. “Thank you,” he said, looking around. “I don’t often sleep in large rooms such as this.”
“I thought you came here to teach your ways, yet you decide to leave when others show interest. And am I supposed to listen to you, son of Athena? Look at me when you’re talking, don’t turn your back on me!”
Tony swallowed hard as he leaned closer; hoping Steve wouldn't push him back, hoping he hadn't misinterpreted Steve’s affection. He stopped just inches away from Steve's lips, their noses almost touching, and flicked his gaze up to meet Steve's. “Do you trust me?” he whispered, breath short.
“It’s all reforged now, it’s as good as always, dare to say even better. I played a bit with it, it has uru-infused enchantments so it’s safe to say that it is indeed, stronger. I can take care of that scar if you want me to-“
“You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play. To lay down on a wire, to let the other guy crawl over you”. It seemed like Steve had no intention to stop, and Tony was just not in the mood to fight back, it wasn’t even worth it.
“You can be an evil man, Steve Rogers, Doom has nothing on you”, Tony snorted as he ran after him, lacing their fingers together. Steve gave their hands a look but turned to him and smiled, making Tony’s stomach jump up again. It was strange, he knew him for so long and they were officially together, but it still felt so strangely nice whenever Steve would let him close.
“I've seen enough, Reed.”, Steve replied as he turned his head away; that was exactly how Tony initially fell; he watched him falling from the sky, and by the time that he crashed on the ground, he was gone. To see his death replaying over and over again would do no good to him.
“Yes, I just came back… What happened..?”, Steve asked him, reaching out to place a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Steve woke up to the feeling of Tony’s hair brushing against his cheek, slowly raising his head as he rubbed his eyes. Everything was blurry at first but cleared up as he looked around, the rays of sunshine streaming through the windows.
The slick smooth surface of the finger managed to glide inside his body, as it went deeper his toes curled and he raised his knees slightly, trying to spread them so it wouldn't hurt as much.
Still, when Steve turned around he could hardly hide his shock, eyes scanning him from head to toe, taking in every single detail that made Tony Stark who he was.
“We have the real deal right in front us, Tony, if there’s anyway to make that serum and inject it into-”
“You seem very keen to remain friends, even though our time together has been brief,” Steve said, sitting up a little.
“Come here, we’ll try this”, he nodded, letting go and leaning back on the bed, positioning the two pillows next to each other on the centre of the bed. With a reassuring shake of his head, he pulled Steve close, so they were back on the bed, their shoulders touching.
Steve could feel his heart being ready to jump out of his chest; the way that Tony acted surely rang a bell, but it couldn’t be that, right? He wasn’t just preparing a confession, him, Tony Stark, his old friend and partner, Iron Man, trying to actually confess that he had feelings for him, right? Not after the war they fought, after all their differences and arguments that they shared.
He admired everything, having heard about Phidias’ work, but he'd never had the chance to see it up close before.
“You may do as you please; a man is his own,” Steve said. He was still trying to flick his hair out of his face, but the wind constantly blew it back.
Falcon turned and watched him leave, letting out another sigh of worry. How was he to be a guardian for a man who was so determined to help those who would quite obviously refuse his help? Steve always had a natural heroic nature, which had often gotten him into trouble in the past, and yet he had managed to come out unscathed from many conflicts.
“Not going through a loop hole, that’s for sure. And I have nothing else to say until you let me go.”
“I suggest that you listen to your boss, Mr. Stane. He can easily fire you, I’m sure, so if I were you.. I would respect his wishes and follow his orders”, Steve said, letting go of the man’s arm, eyes narrowed, not liking how either of them were pushed aside by the older man.
Tony could see that Steve seemed to be scared of him, which was a little surprising given that the blonde was bigger than him, at least in Tony’s eyes.
After he appreciated every visible muscle of Steve’s body, Tony lifted his head up again, smiling at Steve and leaning forward to give his lips a soft kiss. “How are you feeling?” he asked gently.
“Hey”, he simply said as he walked towards him, the round object in his hands covered with a paper bag.
Tony smiled to him and looked straight back into his eyes, grateful for the company now that the Athenian, of all people, was by his side.
One day, he was sitting in the temple of his mother, examining his shield and trying to clean it once more, when he heard a sound.
Tony was well known for being charming, so perhaps this was part of his game, but part of Steve wanted to believe that it was real, that he was liked and that he had made a friend. It somehow made the world feel smaller, less lonely. Even if this was a ploy, a clever stunt, he could live in ignorance for a while and imagine that someone actually liked him and appreciated his company. Because, in truth, that was all he'd ever wanted.
“Are those.. the films they’ve made out of you? Of Cap, I mean..”, Tony said with genuine interest; after all, he had been Cap’s fan for a very long time, as long as he could remember, actually. “I’ve seen some of them.. the ones I could actually find..”
“Do you want to watch it?”, Tony suggested. “I mean, watching a Cap film with THE Captain America sitting next to me doing the commentary is an experience I want to live”, he said, not even trying to hide his excitement at that point.
“You know best,” Steve said nervously, wondering if what he was saying was right. “I’m unsure, perhaps I should turn.”
“Tony! Pepper is looking for you everywhere, she said Stane is pissed for you not greeting him yesterday.. something about a discovery..?”, he said as he rushed in the car. The way he spoke indicated that Stane was indeed angry and that Pepper needed him back in the Tower as soon as possible. The last thing he needed was to deal with Stane when Steve seemed to be his number one priority. The comment about a discovery made him narrow his eyes; if Stane found out about Steve, things wouldn’t end up well for either of them.
“You’re sorry? Save your breath, Stark. I'm going out to save what’s left of this world before it’s too late.”
“Do you think those are insults?” Tony replied calmly, being the more civilized out of both of them for a change. “I can do much better if I want to, but I said that I’m your friend; I know better than to insult you.”
“Don’t thank me,” Tony said with a smile, rubbing the side of his lips at the soft kiss. “Have you finished bathing?”
Jumping down into the snow yet again, Tony made his way towards the cockpit that he was previously inspecting. With the tools that he grabbed from the other men, he started to clear the ice and gain more visibility on what was inside. The more he drilled and watched the melt ice falling on the snow and on his boots, the clearer the sight was getting.
Steve nodded blankly; he was tired already, exhausted after seeing corpses of his best friend, and all this secrecy between him and Reed, the slow revealing process of more events was tiring him. What else could be there to shake him even more?
The blonde let out a happy sigh. “You think so highly of me, despite me being an Athenian,” he said with a smile.
And then, there it was, that silver glimpse that almost caused Tony’s heart to stop. The shiny object was visible through the thick ice, and after spending almost his entire childhood worshipping the world’s first and last superhero, Tony knew exactly what was. Without any single doubt, what was hidden under the ice was his hero’s, Captain America, trusty shield, the weapon he used to take out their enemies and helped win the war. Sure, he knew that there was a museum dedicated to him with a collection of the Captain’s shields and costumes, but this..this was genuine. He read about his self sacrifice, how they were all saved because of him, how he died diving that plane into the ocean, but there it was, his original shield and the plane he.. Tony’s face went white; what if the Captain was actually there as well? He must have been dead, it had been years since the war had ended, but they never mentioned finding a body, did they? The thought made him stick his hands on the cold ice, desperately looking for any signs of a body, anything that would prove that the Captain was indeed there in some way.
Tony looked at the hand on him and then at Steve, swallowing down. Why did he get the same tingling sensation that he did back when he first met Steve? It was strange, why now, why at that very moment?
“Think of it, Herr Rogers... You are going to be part of something bigger... They call you the Captain, correct? Imagine how the rest of the troops in this hospital will see you... you can give those men their life back, inspire them...”
“Sushi? Oh, you’re going to love it, everyone does”, Tony said with a light gesture, even though that was an understatement. “It’s going to be here in an hour or so.. the food I mean. Then you’ll have a perfect verdict”, he said as he turned on the TV and changed channels quickly when he saw that “Back to the Future” was playing. Steve didn’t need any time travel related movies at that point.
“Hey, if that bacon isn’t eatable anymore, I’m going to make you chew it and just watch”, Steve laughed as he started to walk off.
“I’ll get the couch tonight”, Steve huffed, reaching for his pillow and turning around to put his socks on.
Steve swallowed heavily, shutting his eyes, “I will be killed, your spear through my chest, and I will die by your feet. You and your people will have Athens and enslave my people.”
“See, told you it wasn’t my fault,” The dark haired archer muttered, only to receive a glare from the son of Zeus.
“It won’t work,Tony.. Not for us..”, Steve’s voice was heard from the corner of the room, leaning against the wall next to the bedroom door.
The soldier looked at him, not saying anything at all yet. He eyed Tony, and that really made him nervous, not knowing what was really in his head. However, he had to take chances, he didn’t have many choices and one was being offered to him at that moment. Maybe the man before him had good intentions, but he couldn’t know that, and even though he would hate to admit it.. he had no idea what to do now. Trying to take in all that information and seem calm and recollected while doing so was hard, he needed time alone to think about everything, and that too meant somewhere to live.
“Oh I’m not taking what I learned for granted at all,” Steve said. “I just don’t have a knack for certain things.”
When Tony’s alarm clock went on, the man jumped out of bed right away, starting to dress up. He wasn’t sleeping, he just waited impatiently for it to start ringing so he could be ready in a reasonable hour, not to mention avoid looking so impatient in Steve’s eyes. However, when he stepped inside the living room, he spotted Steve already sitting there, his hands on his knees. He gave Tony a small smile and stood up, a blazer worn over his black turtleneck.
“And why don’t I hide behind that man in Thebes instead? I told you that that was the human me, but you refuse to see that. You only see me as the cruel Spartan, that’s all I'll ever be to you,” Tony said as he approached him, pointing at him with his finger.  “And you should never, ever accuse me of hiding behind a façade when you’re doing the same, Steve.”
Kang raised his hands in the air. “Not what you expected, Iron Man? Maybe I should persuade you even further.”
He hadn’t felt this way before, ever, not even with the woman he admired from afar. This time he had experienced touch, and savoured it. He didn’t understand what he felt; it felt like a yearning, a want for this bond that they had formed instantly, but he wanted more than that, praying that it wasn’t greed or lust that was settling in his mind.
“I’ll see if I can come around tonight”, he finally nodded, making Tony sigh with relief internally. No, he didn’t hope that he would come, he just needed to keep the bar buzzing, and the new Sheriff having a drink with Tony Stark would sure cause some talk. Not that he cared; even better, it would actually attract more people. After all, whenever he liked it or not, he was relying on that man from now on when it came to safety.
Tony Stark didn’t have many friends. He had Pepper and Rhodey, and that was it. He realised that Coulson was close to becoming one of them, and now he was gone. That silly smile on his face whenever they met, trying to be all business but they ended up laughing it off, was now gone. How could he tell that to Pepper? He didn’t remember Fury and Steve joining him around the table, his back turned at them.
“What is-”, Steve started to ask, interrupted as Tony stormed out the bathroom, with no intention of replying.
“I understand that your city means much to you, and I see no need for a violent assault as long as we find a middle ground. Well, not us, our kings,” he pointed out.
“Steve Rogers”, Steve said before Tony could reply and nodded to him, not wanting to shake the other man’s hand.
Moving on the large bed, he tried to think of a solution, before getting on his feet again and exiting the room, making sure that he was even quieter this time around. He passed by what it seemed Tony’s bedroom and stared at a door close to it, standing in front of it and trying to decide if walking inside was a good idea. As soon as he placed his hand on the handle, he felt something that made him pull away, almost like he was being bit by static.
Steve shifted a bit in his seat. “I think it’s going to be a while until I’ll be able to get some proper sleep, if I’m being honest here”
“Letting me leave alive is an insult to you, I suppose. Though to me, it is an honour to return home,” Steve shouted before he left completely, walking out of the gates and walking, head lowered and spear lowered too.
Moments later, he was left on the stairs of the giant Tower, staring up without really having any idea where to go. He walked inside, and the moment he approached the reception, he could feel the stares, coughing to both clear the throat but to also distract the secretary who seemed to be fixed on his legs. Maybe he should have chosen to wear longer trousers that covered the majority of the legs instead of the cut ones that he used while his legs were missing.
“I don’t want to say anything right now”, Steve replied without waiting for Tony to finish his request.
“Well… he’s not exactly cooperating… I had to force him to follow me and let me take care of those injuries, and trust me, it wasn't pretty.”
“I’ve been resting for what..70 years? Don’t you think that it’s enough? Something tells me I need to find a way to keep myself busy at night for at least a while..”
Steve responded with a whine, nuzzling Tony until he scratched the top of his head this time around.
Tony nodded, even if Steve couldn’t see him, his head buried into his chest. He was fine with that, and just like Steve told him, if that was his personal Hell, he couldn’t wait to see how their mutual Paradise would be.
He was walking around the centre and into the agora, when some of the conversations piqued his interest. A young man was talking, preaching law and justice.
“Uh.. it’s not exactly nice”, the Captain laughed as he saw the shield hitting a good number of enemies, falling back.
“I have no idea… but he better explain this when we find him.”, Rhodey replied. “Making us chase after him all across the country, we’re even going global and still nothing.”
He had to do it now. Alone. He had to fix the mess that he got everyone in. He had to apologise, save the world, save everyone, and if had to take drastic measures to achieve that, so be it.
“Stop pretending that you know me! I'm not the person that you knew, all right? I'm different, and I owe nothing to you!”
“I know but… they’re looking for you. Your team, your friends. There’s no point keeping you here… and I'm sure that they can protect you just as much as we can, right?”, Steve asked as he took off his cowl, running his fingers through his hair.
There was no way that Steve of all people would get along with him, not with his poor history and humble attitude. Still, he was ordered to see him at his saloon the moment he set foot in town, and did as requested. The other man was blabbering a lot, and Steve liked his silent environment. But he wasn’t aggressive either, he was polite and civil and there he was now, the day after, waiting on him.
Tony was looking outside the window, making sure that they took off just fine when he turned his full attention to Steve once again. “I hate to admit that, but.. we’re destroying this planet, Steve. Constant wars, developed technology that the nature doesn’t take well.. We had to find new means of energy, new ways to keep this planet going without further destroying it.. so this is why we’re exploring areas that we never did before.. I wouldn’t want to call it a wild goose chase, but it’s been hard so far.. we’re hopefully going to bump into something other than a frozen WW2 hero”, he said with a smile that disappeared from his face as soon as he spotted Steve giving him a disapproving look. “No more Cap references, got it”, he muttered.
“No”, Steve shook his head. “You said he won’t stop at hurting you and you need a bodyguard, I don’t see anyone else able to protect you right now. Now, let’s go see what he wants”, he said firmly.
“Obadiah Stane”, Tony said with a sigh. “He’s been around the company for years now, he was there when my father was still alive and thinks that I owe him great time for that”
Steve shook his head, falling quiet again as his fingertips strayed through his hair to push it back. “I suppose not. ‘A person cannot change, especially a Spartan,' ” he quoted.
“I was sure you would say that,” Tony said with a small pout, getting himself more comfortable. “It’s not flattery, I reassure you.”
“Just go! I’ll take care of this!”, Steve insisted as he dodged an attack from Stane who was laughing maniacally.
Steve laughed and smiled, always known for his optimism which was seen as rather foolish and naive some of the time. “My duty is to educate, to teach and to spread my knowledge. One cannot remain cooped up in a city that no longer requires to be taught. Besides, this could save my people.”
Tony groaned in return, holding firmly onto him to start thrusting inside, drops of sweat already forming on his forehead at the tight heat of Steve around him. “Steve...” he growled after every thrust, wanting to keep hearing the sounds the man under him was making.
Steve fell asleep and throughout the night they moved around until they were finally lying next to one another, with Steve curled up with his arms tightly wrapped around Tony, nuzzling up to him contently as he slept.
Tony grabbed some water from the jar on the table; it was very much appreciated in that heat, and started mapping their trail straight away.
“Precisely. Your new legs, in your situation, will be connected to your brain and respond to you, you will have absolute control. Do you want us to incorporate jets in them? You can have that. Anything that you wish can be possible thanks to Mr. Stark’s involvement in this project.”
“It’s nearly 12, Stark, it’s hardly morning anymore”, Steve said with a raise of his eyebrow. He was up early anyway, he had a fixed morning routine, but he tried hard not to say anything to the yawning man in front of him.
“Sure thing, I can help you figure out some things, if you want? Then you can use everything on your own”, he suggested, and the other man nodded in relief. “What is that you’re looking for?”
Steve opened his mouth to reply, but a loud, zapping noise caused him to pull down his cowl and cover Tony with his shield instinctively.
Steve was roughly at the spot where Tony wanted him, but he had to be careful and bring things slowly to him, not scare him off. However, he knew that in the back of the Captain’s head, a more curious, playful side of him was hiding, and he would use that to his advantage. He raised his fingers, turning on one of their functions, making the smaller and slimmer, suitable for what he had in mind. Watching Steve, he moved them behind the man’s body, resting by his seated bottom.
“Steve”, Tony said, his voice glimmering with hope as he turned around, hugging Steve’s waist tightly.
“How can I keep him out?” Steve asked, continuing with the gentle, comforting strokes as he looked down at Tony, at the way the water looked when it was combed through his hair to let the tips of the black strands flick up at the ends. “Any suggestions?”
“I didn’t come alone. Well, I did, but I called for reinforcements on my way here. I know that we make a great team, but someone needs to put those guys away.”
Steve placed both of his hands on Tony’s face, either side of his jaw, to stare deeply into his eyes. “I wish to make you happy and feel loved,” he confessed. “That’s all l want.”
“Perhaps once more, I was wrong. I tend to be proven wrong a lot lately. You always call your people superior to mine without even knowing about it, I will not sit here and watch you tarnish us,” Steve hissed, narrowing his eyes. “You do nothing but prove me wrong and I had hoped to change that. But I am wrong and, of course, Spartan, you are right.” Steve stood and turned to him. “Everything you do is apparently dictated by the gods you serve. You are never wrong, are you? What need is there for a teacher whose pupils teach them?”
“No, no, that’s great, thank you, Stark”, Steve shook his head. “Oh um.. a change of clothes, towels..?”, he asked
“Cap, think fast!”, a voice was heard from behind him, and Steve’s widened as he caught the bag in his hand, taking out a large donut.
“I don’t know why you’re even thinking that this will actually happen, Obi”, Tony said quite confidently. “Steve isn’t up for any experimenting, and the serum isn’t going to be replicated, not now or ever”
Steve tilted his head and furrowed his eyebrows a little, “Entertainment? Hey, Tony hasn’t built a drinks dispenser in you has he?” He said with an almost angry tone.
“You’re.. you’re Captain America”, Tony replied, looking at him from head to toe, from the star in the middle of his uniform to the shiny shield.
“Don’t you dare come any closer, don’t you fucking dare!”, he yelled. “You see, you can’t do that! Don’t trick me like that, don’t give me everything then take it away from me, I’m not your play thing, Rogers! I trusted you, I let you in, and I did that once before in my life. And when I started to believe that everything was going to be fine, you just.. give up.. great team leader you are there, I thought the Captain would never surrender”, Tony snorted, his voice breaking down as he talked.
Passing over the bridge was uneventful, even though many merchants tried to sell their goods to him, but it was also where he had the chance to try raisins for the first time in his life, a new exotic delicacy that he enjoyed, savouring the sweet taste. Then he found a few more familiar things, such as olives, which were, of course, something he was used to.
“Someone like me?” Steve said, kneeling to take a closer inspection of the device.  “Please, I wish I could make such things.”
Tony stood up again and started to dress up, fixing his tunic, noticing how Steve seemed to look at his general direction.  “You’re not, don’t worry about that,” he reassured him.
“Tests? What are you talking about here?”, Tony asked in return, giving the older man a serious, questioning look.
“We were together in my chambers before” Tony pointed out; unable to resist raising his finger to stroke Steve's flushed cheeks. “We didn’t do anything out of the ordinary...”
The wind was blowing in the heart of New York, the large metal constructions that bridged almost every building to each other in the region making loud, ominous sounds. Of course, they were meant to last for well over a decade; when Stark Industries took charge of almost every business around the Apple, conquering America and the international market, everyone thought that they were going to be saved from the incoming recession. And yet, Howard Stark, didn’t manage to save some of the most beloved neighbourhoods that were struck down after the second world war. Abandoned buildings, houses, restaurants, small businesses were left to guard the historic neighbourhood of Brooklyn.
“Of course, Mr. Stark”, Steve said as he let go of him, turning his back to ride his motorcycle, a relieved and satisfied smile on his face.
Tony heard him, the revelation surprising him. “You did what? You spoke with the fates? Is that why you came here? To change your people’s destiny rather than changing our ways?” he asked as he took a few steps closer again. “Why didn’t you just say so? Why didn’t you let me know of what’s going to happen?”
With a decisive small jump down the bed, Steve landed on his padded new legs/boots. He almost fell over straight away, he was relieved that Tony held him up, and once he stabilized himself, he realised that he was towering Tony, just a little bit, maybe an inch or two. His hands clenched, holding tightly Tony’s hand without realising. He couldn’t believe that he could stand again, seeing someone on the same level as him.
Tony noticed how Steve seemed to be filled with sadness at the mention of his title, smiling sympathetically. “It was gifted to me by Hephaestus,” he explained, keeping a low voice as he raised the medallion a little, so Steve could inspect it more carefully. “I was lucky enough to learn by his side
Steve scolded himself, reminding himself to stop looking surprised, he was going to see all this remarkable tech soon enough and he wouldn’t want to appear clueless. He was a fast learner, he might have appeared quiet but in reality he was scanning the screen that was shown to him, taking in and salvaging any information that he could gather with his tactical eyes.
“I know you are,” Tony said with a smirk, placing his hand over Steve’s. “You made me proud last night."
“Oh yes, he created many prototypes for us and the tests have been successful. We are now ready and proud to start the mass production. Think of it as the beginning of a new era...the era of super soldiers. Body parts can easily be replaced, and you will be stronger every time.”
Tony walked a little closer, hesitantly hugging Steve’s waist to resting his head on his chest. “I like this very much, I don’t want it to change.”
With his own helmet pulled back, Tony looked at him, always loving the sight of him with his messy, cowl hair and red cheeks. “Any time, Winghead, just say the word. So, did you find whatever you were looking for?”
Tony shook his head, taking a deep breath. “I don’t want this deal any more, I want out. I will protect your people nevertheless, but not because of a deal. I will do it because I don’t want you gone, or your city. You can show so much to us, and for that to be lost... No, I won’t allow it. You can leave if you want and go back to Athens, and I’ll still do it, I’m not going to keep you here.”
“Yes,” Steve said, looking down to meet Tony's dark blue eyes. “I wouldn’t have made a friend if you weren’t.”
Tony was standing nearby, not wanting to intrude into Steve’s privacy; he needed his time to mourn above all, and he could understand how he felt. He might have said that he didn’t shed a tear during his father’s funeral, but losing his mother was more of a hit to him, alongside Jarvis, his trusted butler and guardian. The AI was a mere tribute to the man who raised him and made him a better man that his father aimed him to be. Seeing Steve devastated like that was heartbreaking, his hero was proving himself to be human, with weaknesses just like him, and Tony only wanted to offer him some sort of comfort, not sure if he even allowed to do that.
“See? That wasn’t so hard now, was it? Saved us all the unnecessary shooting.. even though I’d love to have an excuse to shoot you, darling”
“Since I used to run around with legs that had minds of their own. Someone would think I had stolen Hermes’ sandals and tried to run in them.”
“I can’t leave my guest here alone,” Tony said as he took another bite of his apple, watching Steve carefully.
When Tony looked back to those days, he was surprised about how he fell for that guy. Tony Stark didn’t fall for people, no, his emotions were always contained, he pushed back anything that leaded him closer to others. He let go once for Pepper and things didn’t end up well, so why did he even consider giving Steve a chance? It just didn’t seem right, Steve was his complete opposite. But Tony knew basic science, the laws of attraction seemed to be proven right when it came to him and Steve. Well, at least from his perspective.
Steve let out another huff and let go after a while, looking around the different papers on the desk. “Do I have to carry you downstairs, or are you going to come on your own free will, Stark? I’m cooking dinner”, he asked, with an expression that dared Tony to disagree.
“For bringing me with you. And for.. showing me.. what love really is”, Steve replied with a confident tone, pulling back to look deep into the large, brown eyes with ever lasting adoration. “I love you, Tony Stark”
Steve turned around, smiling brightly as Bucky approached him, his missing arm replaced by a metallic one, a red haired woman holding his hand happily
“I don’t think that you’re allowed to be angry. You were giving yourself to a suit of armour instead of me”, he said with a soft hiss, moving Steve’s hips up and down the metal length.
“I wouldn’t mind hearing that from you more often," Tony said with a soft chuckle, tilting his head to Steve’s touch of his lips. “And what about last night?”
“This morning, I noticed some strange readings on my dimensional scanner. I keep that working at all times, we can never be too safe with dimension hoppers these days”, Reed started to explain, talking way too fast. “At first I thought that we had another common visitor, or that some of our allies decided to use another portal, other than the ones I can provide you with. As soon as I got to the coordinates, I knew that I was right. We did have a visitor from an alternate dimension, but…”
“Steve. We’re not on duty, Tony”, Steve corrected him. “Listen, I was meant to say... That I take back what I said about you that day. I was wrong, when you flew up there, ready to die... You are a true hero, Tony Stark. You were right, you are nothing like your father... you are a better man. Just don’t be that.. reckless sometimes and I know you’ll go far”, he said with a faint smile.
“Just you then, but still teaching in Sparta nonetheless,” Steve said, “I’m excited. To teach, that is.”
Steve folded his arms over himself again, letting out a small huff as he was splashed, keeping quiet.
“Mr. Rogers, tell me, don’t you want to join the fight again? Fight for your country, leave this hospital? We can offer you that. No, let me finish talking first”, he replied as he saw Steve opening his mouth. “We represent an underground government agency called S.H.I.E.L.D. We are here to offer you the chance to be part of something great. As scientists within S.H.I.E.L.D., our job is to develop new weapons, with the help of Stark Industries, new tech to give our army an advantage in the war against terrorism. This project has been in the development for years, and we’re finally ready to kick start it. All we need, is volunteers. Great men who love their country and would do anything to fight for it again. We know that you’re not in the state of fighting now, but after you sign up for this, you’ll be better than ever.”
“Only if you tell me more about your medallion,” Steve said, gesturing to it. “It glows so brightly it’s become hard for me to keep my eyes from it.”
“I’ll be entertaining the guest in my chambers,” he finally announced to the guards as he nodded to Steve to follow him, walking past the tall pillars and into his inner chambers.
They parted just moments later, and Tony could see with pleasure that Steve’s cheeks were slightly pink, a strand of hair dangling just above his right eyebrow.
He tipped the driver, sighed at Steve who insisted to carry their bags all the way to their room, or better their suite, despite Tony protesting that the hotel workers were trained for this.
Steve’s eyes widened, trying to get himself on the ground again, wiping his forehead when he did. He followed Tony into the elevator, noticing that they were getting on the very top floor.
Feeding him took some effort as well; Steve preferred his steak rare, almost raw and his huge tongue cleaned his bowls in seconds, with Tony running around the kitchen for refills.
“So you never stopped thinking about me?” Tony smiled, moving closer to Steve's chest. “I’m flattered. And your dream kind of gave it away...”
Tony was taken off guard by that the confession, and he took his time in replying. “I really want that too, you know," he said finally, and Steve smiled softly this time.
Tony chuckled. “He will, I'm sure of it. You… be careful, all right? You’re a good guy, Steve. You really do deserve happiness in the end. And you’ll get it.”
Steve looked at him, almost shocked by Tony's admission. He knew exactly how that felt, especially with the loss of so many people; in truth he had led a lonely life and without Falcon would have lived a lonelier one still. His mother didn’t want to promise him to anyone, since he was her child and he was to remain pure, just as she was.
“Not even when you’re..off duty? I’m a cop, I’m off duty almost every night, I’m sure the same goes for you.”
A proud smile appeared on his face as he trailed the star on its centre, turning around quickly when more lights went on, revealing more of that strange room to Steve. There were banners, posters, even comic books and figures, anything that a ten year old kid during Cap’s glory days would dream of. At first, he didn’t question why Tony had all those things in that room, he just walked around, taking in everything. Yes, he believed that for now, he couldn’t wear that uniform and grab that shield again, and this collection only proved his point. Looking at his reflection earlier, the dark circles forming around his once bright azure eyes, he could tell that he was nothing like the sentinel of liberty who saluted by the star spangled banner or punched Hitler right across the face. If the world was going to have such high expectations from him, he couldn’t disappoint them showing up like a mediocre Captain America wannabe; they wanted the real deal, and Steve right now was nothing but a shell of the former Captain. The thought devastated him; once being the hero everyone was inspired from was all he had, a poor art student’s dream, and right now, he didn’t know where to stand, and if he could even stand on his own two feet without a little push from people who he didn’t know if they were even alive anymore.
“Of course I would say that,” Tony said, moving into the embrace. “You, a lone Athenian came into Sparta and challenged me. That shows great bravery."
Steve lowered him down on the floor, not realising that he really did lift him up while he was forcing him to talk. “Very well. Go ahead.”, he nodded, fixing his uniform. Losing his calm was something that happened when he couldn't afford to wait or play nice, and to have the Illuminati lying to him again wasn't something that he would tolerate, when such matters of importance were on stake.
“Sir! Sir!”, a voice was heard close to him, and Tony opened his eyes wide, rubbing them and looking around.
“Can’t say I do. You didn't seem happy to see him though. Well, this has been great, but I really need to get going now.”
Tony rushed closeby, and he could have sworn that his hands were actually shaking when he picked up the shiny shield, all wet now, examining it carefully, admiring the material that was used for its creation.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “You could come and meet me, if you wanted to, you didn’t have to make me spend a fortune at the dentist, you know..”
Steve didn’t buy it at first. He was a hard man to convince, but the thought of leaving that depressing hospital and going back outside, right into the battlefield where he felt that he belonged was way too tempting. But it all seemed to come with a steep price, of being part of an experiment that he was just finding out about. Then again, if someone like Tony Stark was involved, it could be more complicated, regardless of how simple those scientists made it out to be. Experiments, metallic body parts, super soldiers.. it all sounded like a sci fi scenario, a daunting one as well.
“Fine. You can have this. Spoiler alert, if you’re looking for its immense power or whatever.. I’m sorry to disappoint you, but this Gauntlet is useless. Doesn’t do a thing”, Tony finally replied as he walked close to her, handing her the Gauntlet which was actually heavier than it looked like.
“If it’s okay with you, I would like to visit a couple of places today”, Steve said calmly, eyes fixed on the black screen in front of him.
“What is it, Tony?”, he asked him worryingly; he could see that the colour disappeared from his face, a bad sign of course.
“That’s right, Steve, carry on...do it for me..”, he muttered, his voice calm and steady, moving his suit accordingly as he leaned forward, now able to taste him as well, his wet tongue reaching for Steve’s neck, trailing it along it, tasting the sweat, his sweet smell taking over him. He slowly moved further up, rubbing his cheek against Steve’s before finally pressing their lips together, getting the kiss he thought that he deserved, his tongue crushing against each other hungrily.
Steve tilted his head, looking a little more closely at Tony. “How can you be raised without expression and freedom?” he asked.
“Jet...boots..? You mean that...they can fly..?”, Steve asked him in pure disbelief, not really believing what he was told.
“Cap!”, Tony shouted, almost by reflex. In his surprise, Steve didn’t correct him, instead he ran towards him and broke the handcuffs using his shield, hugging the man close to his chest.
Tony smiled to him as set down his cup, crossing his arms to focus on Steve’s every reaction. “I think I’m going to sleep," he muttered.
Eventually the sun set and the stars began to shine bright in the sky. Steve found a resting spot, kneeling down by a tree. “We should probably rest,” he said.
Steve shut his eyes tightly, feeling Tony deep inside him, trying so hard to keep his head up when he just wanted to collapse under him. “Y-yes...” he stuttered, quickly gritting his teeth again.
“I do, it’s just a bit too.. surreal to see it in real life, I remember seeing in a post card back then. I don’t really see what’s so special and pretty about a big piece of metal though. Oh, no offence, Tony”, he added quickly as Tony gave him a dirty look.
“What the..”, one of them said with widened eyes, pointing with his gun at Steve, but the weapon was knocked out, only to receive himself a hard punch on the jaw.
“I’m done, don’t worry”, Tony chuckled, seeming way more comfortable than Steve did, even though when he spotted the soldier turning again, his eyes focusing on the device on his chest, which he quickly tried to cover up.
Tony heard the order given and moved forward in an attack, looking out for Steve in the crowd. It wasn’t hard to spot him - his bright colours and unique armour made him stand out - and Tony started to make his way towards him, avoiding the arrows of the Athenian archers, spearing anyone who was in his path. If he couldn’t protect Steve, he could at least make his father proud once, seizing the city he wanted so desperately under his control.
“Well, it’s not really a question, it’s more like an observation,” Tony said, his voice lower still. “I just want to say, thank you for staying for so long, and even if you leave, thank you for talking to me for so long and staying with me.”
Steve’s eyes focused on the arc reactor yet again, biting on the inside of his lip before daring to ask to the question.
“That is great news, then!”, Stane said, coming closer and patting Steve on the back, to which the blonde noticed that Tony responded with a twitch of his eyebrow. “So, when are the tests going to take place?”, he asked, rubbing his hands together.
“It was my honour to fight by your side, Tony Stark. Until we meet again”, Steve nodded, offering his hand for the other man to shake.
Steve nodded, feeling humbled by Tony's gratitude, once more seeing a side to Tony that he hadn't been expecting. “I appreciate your hospitality.”
“You know, sometimes I wish for that day to come sooner," Tony said with a hint of sadness in his voice, following Steve. His eyes widened as he saw all the weapons and armour, and he stood by Steve's side to admire the shield before him. “Is that, can I..?”
“Do you like it? I thought we should give this a go, maybe our love will last longer now”, Steve joked, lacing the lock on an empty spot against the cold metal, jumping a bit back to admire his work.
“If I were you, Athenian, I would watch the way I talk,” Tony answered. You speak of manners but yours seem to be the worst, coming into my home and insulting my people where I could have you killed on spot for your words. We are Spartans; we do not follow or answer to anyone. What makes you think that we want to adopt your ill-fated ways? You’re losing this war as far as I know, and nothing can change that."
Steve wasn’t sure how many days have passed since Tony and the rest of the Avengers managed to rescue him from that dark lab. His thoughts were untouched, he could still think in proper human words, but every time that he tried to say something, a howl or disoriented barking sounds would come out of his mouth. It was frustrating, to say the least, but at least he could use his body language to communicate with them.
“Well, you get to work with me now, try and not get too excited. We're going after something.. well, if we manage to retrieve it, it’s going to make us both filthy rich and set for life.”
The blonde tried to hold his hand steady, tongue coming out as he focused, getting the piece between the two ends, letting out a content huff, only to lose his focus and drop it down to the floor, rushing to clean everything up.
The son of Zeus stood before Steve and looked at him, giving him an inspecting stare. “It is a low day when the son of Athena loses his purity over a ‘mistake,'” he snarled.
Steve rested against his warm skin, tangling their legs together as he moved closer to Tony, brushing their lips together even as he slept by the fire.
Tony could have sworn that his heart started to beat faster when he felt Steve’s strong grip on him, having to hold himself back from exasperating when he pulled away. “This means a lot to me Steve.. so thank you..”, he said with a half smile. It really did, Steve, well, Captain America, was someone he always looked up to, and to hear him right now telling him that he was a good man, when the world tried to tell him otherwise was a big deal to him. That was it, this was the reassurance and recognition that he was looking for, and Steve of all people was the one to give it to him. “I’ll stop now before we get all mushy and all”, he laughed nervously and Steve joined him, standing up.
At this point, Tony broke down. He was calmly replying to Steve before, trying to act cool and show his better self, but this was just too much for him. No, he never considered himself to be a hero, but he did took credit for certain things he did. And having Steve Rogers, supposedly Captain America, who fought for justice and freedom denying this, calling him a pretender, was nothing he could stand.
Tony walked over, placing an armoured hand on Steve’s shoulder. “We’re taking down Kang and then I'm going home. Trust me, I'm enough for all of you, no need to fight over me”, he tried to joke around.
Steve woke slowly, rubbing his eyes, missing the warmth of Tony as his arms tried to move to feel for him. All he felt was grass and, once his vision cleared he looked up at Tony, preparing food for the both of them, which was a pleasant surprise considering how independent he usually was. Usually, Steve cooked and cleaned, preferring to not let anyone serve him due to his demigod status.
Reed walked over to one of the numerous panels in his lab, pressing a couple of buttons and stepping at the side as soon as a metal door slid open, a large surgical table with a white blanket covering what it seemed to be a human figure.
“It has a magnificent view though, I can give Pepper credit for that”, Tony commented, standing up and stopping against the large glass window. Steve joined him, pulling him in a hug from behind as he stared outside with a puzzled expression.
Tony was hardly able to sit still with Steve making the first move, raising his rear in the air before moving to sit on the metal length, enjoying how he seemed to take it in, not hesitating or complaining at the feeling, just like he argued with him before. The same feeling of jealousy that he felt before overtook him, especially when Steve didn’t call him by his real name like he did moments ago.
The facility was hidden, but Steve didn’t expect any less from the organisation that called themselves S.H.I.E.L.D. At first he thought that they were heading towards his former training camp, driving outside the city, past the tall buildings and the huge tower that belonged to Tony Stark’s company, but they suddenly took what Steve would consider a wrong turn, ending up in an abandoned factory. The doctors offered to help him out of the car and on his wheelchair, but Steve firmly declined, settling himself down. Immediately he spotted the sign that had fallen on the side over the course of years; Stark was behind this. Not the Stark that he saw this day in the news, but his father. So the place that they chose as their base of operation for this mysterious new project was an old facility provided by Tony Stark, he should have guessed that.
“You know, I really liked this," he said as they started to stand up, fixing his chiton from sitting down for so long.
“Well, I think your knowledge will be more than just enough," Tony said as he sat down next to Steve, his eyes darting from scroll to scroll, not sure where to start from. But when Steve pulled out the first tablet filled with numbers, his face lit up, trying to recognise what he already knew.
“I knew it had something to do with that," Tony teased. “You know if you carry on doing that...it’s going to be really hard for me to actually get off the bed," he said softly.
“I’m Tony Stark”, Tony repeated. “Howard Stark’s son”, he added, trying to hide the resentfulness in his voice, for now. “My father was present during the experiment, my company and I, including government facilities know about the procedure and the serum, we’ve studied it”
“How?” Steve asked, moving closer to Tony, looking down at him with his light blue eyes filled with emotion.
Sometimes Tony asked himself; how did they come so far? Of course he was talking about himself, Tony Stark, and his multi-layered, complicated relationship with Captain America. It has been well over a decade, and yet, so many events changed their life, starting from that unforgettable day when the Avengers found the lost Captain froze in ice.
The son of Zeus gritted his teeth, slinging a hammer by his side, spinning it threateningly as the dark haired man spoke.
“You said you can’t sleep by yourself,” Steve said, getting up to move to the other side of the bed, “or you don’t like to?” He sat down but looked back over his shoulder at Tony.
“Then you’ll be the first. And last” Tony shivered, rubbing his neck. It was good to let that out of his chest, but still, something was missing.
“What do you think that I came here to do?”, Rhodey said as he fixed the large bag on his shoulders. “And besides, someone needs to keep you out of trouble, make sure that you don’t end up under the ice, the usual”, he continued.
“I know you must be going through a lot and if you just want company or someone to hang out..”, he offered.
Not only that, but he saw how determined the son of Ares seemed, how he and the Spartans were one and the same. To Tony, the man that he had first approached with high hopes had tarnished and spat on them like some sort of monster. He was particularly more cautious with his words, no wonder the people of Athens had warned him.
When he did pull back, Tony raised his hand and rubbed Steve’s cheek with such affection, a grateful smile on his face. “It really did, Steve? Do you want to, well, will you do me the honour of sleeping beside me tonight?” he asked.
“What? Here?”, Tony yelled in return as they followed the signs and waited near the first chopper in line. “For about..two, three weeks, I think? I’ll be honest, I’ve lost the count of days, it doesn’t help that you can barely see the sun out here”, he replied, jumping into the chopper once it was ready, making enough space for Steve to sit down next to him.
He shook his head, disappointed in a pointless plight that would bear no results but a lost faith in the Spartans. What faith in their humanity he had seemed to fizzle out the more he was told. “Democracy involves a heart, Spartan. You do not possess that,” he said.
Tony winced. “I had to give my people what they wanted to hear,” he said, rubbing the back of his head. “They are Spartans; they don’t really want to hear about change, they love their city the way it is. They love war.”
“You truly are pure and innocent, untouched...” Tony muttered as he kept his hand in place, not wanting to move and scare Steve off. He rubbed Steve's cheek with the back of his hand. “I can stop. We can just sleep together, just like we planned."
Steve’s hands didn’t move from his knees, He kept touching the cold metal, moving his feet slowly, just making sure that they were working absolutely fine and that this wasn’t a dream. Of course that didn’t escape Tony’s watchful eyes.
Steve shook his head. “A man should not fear the judgement of his people, and his own freedom should prevail,” he recited, keeping his head turned away from Tony.
When Tony walked in the living room he had on that floor the next day, his hair carefully styled and looking serious in his clean suit, he didn’t expect Steve to be there, holding a mug between his palms and sitting on the large couch. His own hair was parted, but still not in the exact neat style it was on his Cap posters back in the day. He looked strange in a pair of jeans and a dark blue shirt, mainly because Tony expected him to look more..old fashioned.
He decided to take a taxi there instead; it wasn’t that he felt uncomfortable with people staring at him, but he wasn’t quite ready to walk around with those heavy looking “boots”.
Steve turned around and headed out quickly, letting out a sigh of relief once he was away from the other men. Tony noticed that relief, and he couldn’t help wanting to know more.
“That was easier than I expected! You’re not that hard to convince after all, big guy. And here I was starting to think of how to bribe you to accept-”
Steve’s breathing hitched the moment he felt the buzzing inside him, eyes rolling back with pleasure as he tilted his head forward to rest by the collar of the suit, his hands raising and placing them flat over the tri-beam plate, “Uhn- b-but you’re, you’re Iron Man...” He moaned, his hips slowly beginning to move on the hardness, trying to adjust so that he could feel him more.
Steve let out a gentle sigh, staring at the magnificent sapphire eyes that stared at him, beseeching him.
Steve’s eyes momentarily lingered on Tony’s hand. “Are you too tired to do what we had agreed?” He asked.
Steve looked at him with a puzzled expression. “What do you mean? I thought this was...what Spartans do?”
“Is that a promise too?” Steve asked, standing up and brushing himself off, picking up his things again and looking over at Tony, admiring how much lighter his mood seemed.
“I would like to believe that you helped a lot with that," Tony said with another smile as he looked down, enjoying how peaceful it was up there, and how private they could be if they wished to.
Steve looked at him with a deadpan expression instead. “I wish to leave this place and never to return except in battle. If wisdom is what you seek, pray to my mother. I have little time for your escapades. You say you are not playing games and yet your mind changes more often than a coin turning in the air. I have been tortured long enough by you.”
“The Doc is dead and the formula died with him, that’s what I believe”, Steve interrupted their argument. “The serum worked on me, just me and that was it. It’s way too dangerous to assume that the same results would have any effect on a different person”
Tony only pulled back from the kiss to lick his lips, enjoying the feeling of Steve’s hands in his hair, nodding a little as a signal for Steve to keep his hands where they were while he leaned forward once again. He moved his hand, finger trailing down Steve's neck before he followed his finger with his tongue, slowly and carefully, waiting for Steve.
Steve would go on with his day but it seemed that he just got really..unlucky. He would trip down the stairs, have a cupboard open right into his face, get a ball thrown at him, nothing seemed...natural. He wasn’t the type of guy that believed in bad luck, but he often found him trying to remember when it was the last time that he crossed paths with a black cat or broke a mirror. It was starting to trouble him that most of those strange “accidents” almost costed him a few of his teeth. Drinking so much milk as a kid seemed to have proven useful now; a tooth got chipped but that was the worst that happened to him so far.
Tony was there, they were both in a separate room with dim lighting. He looked exhausted, but didn’t speak right away.
“Exactly. Getting hurt then coming back for more, not even knowing why. Steve.. there’s no happy ending, just the sole need to be there for each other, for being there in each other’s lives, whenever that means that we need to fall in each other’s personal Hell. Because trust me, Steve, my life is nothing but a rotting hell, soften by you and you only. Don’t leave me alone in there, Steve, just.. don’t..”, Tony said, looking up to Steve, his eyes still red. “And trust me, I was strong enough to do that alone before you showed up.. then you did something.. you changed all that.. I can’t do this alone, Steve, I need you there to fight by my side”
That look of submission and the fact that Steve was actually fighting back, or attempting to do so, only encouraged Tony to be a bit rougher with him, establishing his dominance over the Captain, having missed that feeling so much. His eyes were fixed on the soldier, noticing every single change in his voice and the way he was looking at him, the moans and clashing of the metal parts being a proper symphony to well-trained ears.
And then, when he was about to give up and start barking orders to prepare the saloon for its closure, the door slammed open, and a tall, blonde man stepped inside. Tony’s eyes scanned his surprisingly pale face, from his carefully parted hair to his piercing blue eyes, stopping by his chest to see the large golden star, looking all shiny as it was carefully placed on his dark blue waistcoat. The new comer held his hat between his fingers and took a look around
Steve looked at the man’s hand and held it instead. The moment he did, he same spark he felt when Tony first held his hand in front of Peggy’s grave returned, but he didn’t jolt back, instead he rubbed the back of the man’s hand, urging him to talk if he needed to.
Tony reacted to Steve’s every move and kiss, trying to meet Steve’s demands and stay in control, showing Steve how to do everything, pleased when the man seemed to be enjoying himself, wanting more and more.
“You only see what’s on the surface, Athenian; you only see what you were raised to see. I was seriously thinking of letting you in, but you don’t deserve it, it was foolish to think that you really wanted to help. Instead you came here, insulted us and just left, like the one before," Tony called.
And then the first arrow hit him in his shoulder, another right in the centre of his chest, and the medallion lost its glow on Steve's body. Tony looked down at the blood spots forming on his chest, smiling at them.
The way that Tony was circling him seemed so predatory, as though he was a tiger circling his prey, but Steve thought himself strong. He needed to stand tall, just as he was taught to, with his nose high in the air and straight posture.
Tony let go as soon as they reached the familiar gates of his home city, jumping off to lead Steve to his stables, helping him take care of the horses and his chariot. And, when they eventually resided in his chambers yet again, it was particularly late, the place in complete darkness. The city seemed to be sleeping.
Next thing they knew, they could all hear the thunder and someone that could only be Thor rushed in the jet and flew outside with their prisoner.
Tony didn’t even know why he loved all this simplicity in a way so much, it made him feel safe. Steve wasn’t just there until he would find something better, he chose to be in a relationship with him because he wanted to. He liked it when they cuddled, when they would spend hours watching movies or when Steve would bake or draw and Tony would just look in silence, praising him from time to time. He loved it when he would rub Steve’s arm gently when he rest his head on his chest, or the way he would move closer to him once they were awake. Every little thing that he did was noticed and appreciated, and that’s when Tony realised; he was truly in love, Steve was the one.
“Yes, I know, we’ll just have to wait”, Tony interrupted the scientist. “Adjust the room temperature to the normal levels”, he advised as some men from the medical team approached to connect the soldier with wires, just in case he needed the extra push to keep him alive.
By the time he got home, his eyes were red with tears, running straight to the temple of his mother, his shield clattering on the floor, as he dropped everything to collapse by the statue of Athena, clinging to it with desperation. “I do not wish for more lives to be lost!” he pleaded, crying out loudly as he held himself to his mother’s statue, resting his head by her large stone feet. “I’ve lost my friends, mother! I don’t want to lose any more!” He shut his eyes and tried to pull himself together, the faint crackling of the fire his only company.
“I won’t be a burden,” Tony said. “I’ll just head back to Sparta, get some provisions first. My job here is done.”
“You don’t need to thank me about anything, Steve, I really mean this.. I’m the one who should thank you, you saved my life, everything seems to be going great ever since I found you.. you’re almost like my lucky charm”, the man smiled. “No, more than just that..”
“Did you ever doubt my skills?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrow as he ate from his own portion of food.
“Happy Hogan, my number is on the address book on the table. Along with numbers that you can reach Tony Stark. He’s taking this project really seriously...”
