Dean groans.
“Accept it,” Cas replies softly.
Dean and Cas peer up at him with twin sets of shocked eyes, and Sam just frowns and slams the door shut.
“Trust me,” Cas says. He leans back in to Dean’s personal space, fingers plucking at his own buttons. He shrugs off his buttondown and stands only in a white undershirt. “I want this. Want
"Oh," says Cas, shifting his gaze until he's squinting at Dean's chest.
You haven't seen him in three weeks.
“No, Dean. I’ve been involved in trying to prevent a war from breaking out on the streets of LA,  and if we’d stayed in contact, you would have wound up as collateral.”
like pie, though.” Dean flicks the safety back on and places the gun on the kitchen bench before moving to stand behind Cas.
Benny disappears from view for a moment, reappearing in a flash of black coat. A river runs steadily somewhere to their left. It is silent, aside from the steady rhythm of their combined breathing and the sound of flowing water. The stillness of the air is almost oppressive.
“Hi, babe,” Dean replies teasingly. “Come here often?”
“It’s about everything,” Cas says quietly, “I understand.” He’s quiet again after that, as if he’s waiting, and Dean’s okay with that, he really is, because Cas often says more with his silences than he manages with words.
It’s always the last time, Cas thinks. Whether it’s because Dean feels guilty for using Cas, or because the next day they’re leaving the camp and one likely won’t come back alive – well. How Dean poses the statement depends on his mood. Tonight, it’s gruff, not sweet and considerate – a statement of fact as opposed to a persuasive plea. Guilt, then. They might live to see one more day.
There’s a hand on his shoulder, then, blunt fingers digging in to the muscle. “Dean…”
Nosing at Cas’s bellybutton, he mouths at the firm muscle of his abdominals and the trail of hair that curls down from his tummy. He watches Cas carefully as he takes Cas into his mouth in one smooth motion and hollows his cheeks. Cas’ hips buck up into his mouth. Dean curls his fingers across Cas’ hip bones, pressing his ass back into the mattress, getting used to the length and girth of him. He tastes musty and bitter; Dean loves it, all of it. Loves Cas utterly and without reservation.
Cas deserves to feel good. Cas deserves everything and more.
Cas doesn’t reply.
“We have a history,” Cas replies. His voice is strong, steady, matching his hard stare, and fuck, that sentence could mean anything. Both Cas and Benny appear to be playing some sort of mental chess game with each other, a kind of power struggle. Benny seems to see Cas as a criminal, and Cas is reacting to Benny like he’s some sort of threat. It’s confusing and Dean really wants to deal with none of it. He needs it to end. Now.
“When was the last time you saw, or spoke to, your wife?”
"Okay," Cas says, gazing apprehensively back down at the pasta. "I'll try for you, Dean."
“You’ve barely left the bunker in weeks, man,” Dean tries again. “Hunting for angels doesn’t count.”
What he doesn’t expect, however, is for Cas to turn up.
“Yeah, I guess,” Sam says distractedly. He’s busy sending a text to Charlie stating his current predicament. “Whatever you want, Dean.”
Dean wonders if this is what Romeo was lamenting about in
“We’ve done this before, Dean. I’m more concerned about the hygiene issues.” And in a rare display of angelic strength – Dean could swear that he is trying to show off – Cas picks Dean up and deposits him on the benchtop in one swift movement, managing to pop the buttons open on Dean’s jeans at the same time. They are removed briskly, along with Dean’s underwear, and in a matter of seconds he is lying flat on his back, butt naked, with an armful of blue-eyed angel pressed against the length of his body. His vision is suddenly filled with smudges of blues, blacks and golds as Cas kisses him with his eyes open, lips moving against Dean’s like his life depends on it. Cas is nothing if not enthusiastic about sex, and Dean finds it incredibly endearing. Not to mention a massive turn-on.
Dean finds a call box a couple of blocks away and dials through to Central. He manages to get confirmation on the marriage – which, yeah, Dean doesn’t want to think about too hard right now - and writes down a couple of addresses on his police-issued notepad. Cas apparently works at the Los Angeles County Hospital as a trauma surgeon, which isn’t surprising. His residential address is listed about three streets over in one of those pre-war suburbs filled with houses built before World War One. No children. Dean sighs in relief at that, because kids just complicate matters. He understands that all too well.
Castiel frowns, easing away from her. “How do I do that?”
They eventually reach the bed. Cas opens Dean up slowly with Vaseline, taking his time to nose at the nest of hair at the base of Dean’s cock, kiss his way up Dean’s ribs, press bruises with his teeth against the scar tissue that spreads across Dean’s shoulder. It’s been a while since Dean’s slept with a man – at least since his late teens – and the burn of his ass is uncomfortable at first, but Cas is patient and careful as he works the muscle until Dean is a sweaty, shivering mess beneath him.
“You’re a dick.”
Dean’s mouth goes dry. “Uh, yeah, I’m very interested. Thanks.”
With the same intensity Cas uses to approach tasks he thinks are important (like ganking demons, researching cases, plotting against Heaven and Hell), he pushes his mouth down over the head of Dean’s cock. He makes a face at what Dean assumes is the taste of precum, lips turning down at the corners and eyelids fluttering. Dean can’t stop watching him, mouth open in an endless O, hand reaching to touch Cas’ hair. Cas hollows his cheeks and the pressure is all wrong, and there’s almost teeth, and Cas nearly chokes when he moves too far down the shaft and has to pull off, frowning and frustrated and swallowing for air. It’s also so, so right because it’s
Memories return, thick and fast; he remembers why he’s here in the first place. He swears loudly. What the fuck was Cas doing, kidnapping him? Who is he working for? Cas is the last person Dean thought would double cross him; the guy saved his life twice and goddamn well fucked him two nights ago.
“This is gonna sound like a really weird question, Cas,” Dean says, continuing to stare at the paper, “but did you and Daphne ever um… sleep together?”
He’s disoriented, at first. His memories of the night prior are liquor-glazed and fuzzy, like a sepia toned 1920s film. Soundless and warm, blurred around the edges. But now his head is on Dean’s shoulder, his face buried in Dean’s neck and Dean’s in his hair, arm pulling him closer against Dean’s chest and his leg a dead weight across Cas’. Cas shifts gently in an attempt to survey the collateral. From an outsider’s perspective, it doesn’t look good. Cas doesn’t know how Dean would react if he woke up to find them like this; whether he’d remember how they’d collapsed the night before on the motel mattress in a drunken stupor, that Cas had put his head on Dean’s chest as Dean had wrapped his arm around Cas’ shoulders, expecting to roll away in the night, and that it had been a mutual decision to drift off like this. Instead they’re breathing in tandem, limbs stitched by the vestiges of sleep and a lack of proper consciousness, and Castiel wonders if it means anything.
Tonight, a new voice warbles though the speakers, the timbre thick and rich as it curls to where they’re seated in the middle of the room. She’s young and pretty, has a voice like sugar syrup, and Dean can’t help but unconsciously tap his fingers to the rhythm against his leg as Sam leans across the table towards him, still wearing his business suit, brow furrowed in frustration.
Cas looks uneasy, like the puzzle pieces are starting to fit but he doesn’t like the picture it’s creating. Dean swallows and tries again.
He pulls it from the box and thrusts it at Cas, balancing it on the flat of his palm as he shoves it in to Cas’s personal space.
I know this clearly isn't what will happen in the episode, but we can hope, right? I sort of have a part two planned for this, but we'll see.
"Okay, you two lovebirds," Cynthia announces as she returns, “try the red velvet."
to explain the whole cop routine once this is over, because Dean’s as confused as all hell.
“And you have an Orzhov badge on your bag – what’s your point?”
Two minutes later, though, Dean hears an audible crack. Screams erupt from somewhere behind him, and he turns around to see water leaking in a slow wave across the shop floor. Son of a bitch - what the fuck has the little shit done now?
“No. Michael and Lucifer are my brothers.”
Castiel has a breakdown in the grocery store between the aisles of preserves and the canned beans.
Dean pulls him closer, resting his chin on Cas’ hair. It’s a comforting weight. Cas closes his eyes, moisture leaking from behind the lids.
Dean doesn’t remember much of the drive to Cas’s, but soon they’re pulling up outside the house Dean remembers searching only a few weeks ago. Cas eases him out and pulls him up the front steps, guiding him straight up the staircase and in to the bathroom, pushing him to  the edge of the sink. A light flickers above Dean’s head. His thoughts are starting to run together, sticky and thick like treacle, and he tries to makes sense of everything through the fog as a dull throb begins in his left temple. He starts with small things, like how Cas’s long fingers are suddenly sorting through the cabinet beside Dean’s head; the feel of the damp porcelain beneath his ass; how the light way the light plays across the wallpaper and tints everything to a sickly green.
It’s not until Cas is helping Dean up and fishing his keys out of the pocket of his pea coat that Dean realizes that he’s shaking.
“I – no.” Cas looks adorably bemused as Dean gazes across at him. “I felt a… pull to this location. So I flew here immediately.” He folds his long legs underneath himself and falls gracefully to the grass, pulling Dean with him, until they’re both sprawled across the tails of Cas’ trench coat, resting side by side, propped up by their arms. They’re bathed in unadulterated moonlight; it forms a halo around Castiel’s head as he looks across at Dean, making him look every bit like the angel he is.
But tonight feels different. Tonight, Dean is drowning in his feelings as opposed to watching them swirl down the plughole.
“Good boy, Castiel,” a second voice says, higher than the first, less guttural. “Now we just need to decide what to do with him.”
“Naw,” he says, his Southern drawl thick like it always was in the morning before he’d had his second cigarette and third coffee of the day. Dean’s worked with him long enough now to know his habits. “Likely the usual situation, though. You know - good old GI Joe with all that anger but no out, bit of a souse-”
"I know you do, Cas," Dean murmurs gently, sweetly, the double meaning clear. "But I trust you. Pick whatever you think looks best. Just don't forget the pie."
It was hard as a kid, forgoing dinner for a week so he could buy presents for Sam in order to play ‘santa’. What he couldn’t buy, he’d steal. The hardest thing, though, was trying to keep the presents a secret from Sam, who was always far too smart for his own good.
“He’s an angel, Dean. Surely he’ll heal fast enough on his own?”
“What is it?” Cas asks, eyeing the brown liquid carefully.
Cas’ answering smile feels brittle and saccharine and it fucking hurts, but he swallows his own feelings because he needs Dean in ways he never has before and it scares the shit out of him.
, Dean,” Cas says, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
Castiel looks pensive for a moment. “Yes. They were interesting times for Christianity. Martin Luther was a fascinating man; I watched his actions closely. I was present for the evolution of human kind, the birth of Christ and the 100-years war. I have met Gabriel, Raphael, Michael, and Lucifer, spoken indirectly to God, and have the names of all the prophets – current, future and past – seared into my consciousness. Chuck Shurley was the last; Kevin Tran is the present - however his whereabouts are currently unknown.”
Claire looks satisfied, and Cas deflates a little, looking slightly less agitated. “I’m so sorry, Dean,” he says.
“I’m an Angel of the fucking Lord, Dean. I should be able cook a pie,” Cas grumbles, stiffening against Dean’s arms. “I laid siege on hell.  I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition. I managed to build you from dust and earth and grace; how can baking a pie be more complex than that? I don’t-“
Cas looks even more confused. “Not that I’m aware of. She always said she was married to Jesus Christ. Something about the purity of the soul.”
He dials KGPL and checks for messages, but there’s nothing there. How the hell is he gonna let the killer know he’s figured it out?
Cas is soon flushed and quivering, whispering Dean’s name almost like a prayer, a litany of DeanDeanDean working its way between slightly parted lips. Dean’s working his own cock steadily in his palm and moaning loudly. When he knows Cas is about to come, he pulls his mouth off with a dull pop and fists Cas’s cock. White come stripes Cas’s chest as Cas reaches climax with an exclaimed profanity.Dean’s tongue follows the lines up Cas’s chest as he licks the mess away before coming in the exact same spot. Cas fucking whines, pelvis stuttering, and reaches to pull Dean towards him, ignoring the stickiness between them. Yep. Morning sex is definitely Dean’s favourite
The angel glances away, keeping an easy pace beside Dean. There’s a pause; his eyes seek Benny out fifteen yards ahead, a broad figure stalking through the trees. He inhales, exhales; then: “I don’t know.”
Castiel grabs a bag of the 'fettuccine', too, for good measure, along with a can of alphabet soup, the rest of the items on the list, and a few other things he thinks look interesting. He also selects the largest bottle of the lube Dean likes on his way out, thinking Dean will be pleased. This is the one thing he knows.
Dean tries not to choke on his laughter.
When the cashier checks through his four carrots and lube after each other Castiel doesn't understand his funny look. He just keeps grinning.
They’d shared small, comforting smiles before Victor had barreled over with the camera – “Lieutenant Winchester, Captain Novak – look what I got!” – and they’d had their picture snapped. Victor was Dean’s best friend, at that point, and almost as good as Dean with a gun, but Dean had struggled to get close to soldiers when he was the one deciding each day who he’d send out for what. It was like playing fucking Russian roulette or, hell,
“You mange it fine?” the woman says, looking up from her computer when she sees him enter.
Cas doesn’t get the innuendo; instead his features draw together in an exasperated pout. “Fine,” he mutters. Dean smirks before pushing his lips against Cas’s cock. Cas whimpers, a small, high sound that makes goosebumps erupt across Dean’s exposed skin. He eases the underwear off Cas’s ass and throws it to the ground, leaving Cas wearing only a very dirty shirt. Cas’s fingers pick at the hem of Dean’s own t-shirt, trying to pull it off, so Dean helps him and it, too, ends up on the floor.
Cas doesn’t admonish Dean for his use of the name in conjunction with the expletive, like he might have done a long time ago. Instead he grits his teeth, hips pushing forward, grappling for control over his feelings as Dean screams below him. They’re primal and rough, these exchanges that occur between the sheets. Dean fights and fucks the same way; often it's as much about control as it is about pleasure or release. Who comes out on top, however, is not always as clear.
"A long time," Cas says, which they both know is a lie, since he’s been around for millennia.
Dean deliberately ignores the implication. “Downstairs is clear, anyway. I’ll recheck the bedrooms before moving to the back yard.”
. What a 15-year-old girl could have in common with a 27-year-old woman?
Dean reacts on impulse as soon as Lucifer nudges Alastair.
Cas refuses to let Dean touch himself; insists on wrapping his own hand around Dean’s cock and stroking him in time with his thrusts. A blush begins to dust Cas’s skin as he moves closer towards orgasm, skin turning crimson across his face and chest. Dean comes first, his second orgasm more intense than his first; his vision whites out as Cas’s name tumbles from his lips, come streaking their chests. He kisses Cas afterwards, and that’s what sends Cas tumbling after him.
Charlie blushes and looks away.
“I’m sorry,” she repeats. Her hand rests on Cas’ head gently, fingertips stroking the strands of dark chocolate hair. She reaches between his shoulder blades, grasping something only she can see, and pulls her arm that clutches the sword back behind her head.
?” Dean says, dropping the gun to his side. Cas’s expression morphs from very annoyed to sheepish in a heartbeat as he looks across the counter island at Dean.
Inspired by
As Cas is leaving the Bunker, Dean thrusts a box in to his hands
“You just lost your
"Mmm," he mutters once he’s finished chewing. “Thanks, Cas."
“I know you think that, Cas, but I really do.” He starts tracing patterns against the skin of Cas’ back, absentminded lines swirling from the spot Cas’ left wing once grew from, and Cas thinks he might cry. “I owe it to you.”
Dean shrugs Cas off. He knows he shouldn’t – Cas is his higher commanding office – but they can’t stop. They need to reach relative safety before…
Dean’s phone buzzes suddenly: Sam. He checks it surreptitiously, pretending to drop cake in his lap. The name Sam sends him, however, is not what he was expecting; it’s not a dude at all who’s been turning cakes in to iced deathtraps – it’s the daughter of the woman in front of them right now. “Of all the fucking luck…” he mutters under his breath.
Idea taken from Brian Caswell's book, The Full Story.
He wakes to the sound of his own voice, sleep-slow and hoarse, yelling
It’s one of those rare nights where they don’t have a case, and Dean feels restless. He likes to feel that he has a purpose. He likes – hell, no,
It hurts.
“You don’t understand, Dean; I’m trying to apologise, and they didn’t have the
“So we’re to stand in here, for however long, without talking?” Cas says, and Dean swears he can detect an edge of sarcasm.
Written as part of a prompt meme thing I did on tumblr. The prompt was given by
Your eyes suddenly snap open and they’re not met with black hair and bronze-kissed skin; instead you’re standing alone in the bunker shower, Sam banging on the door yelling, “Dean! Dean, are you okay in there? You haven’t slipped over drunkenly in the shower, have you?” and you’re yelling back roughly, “Nah, just enjoying the heat,” before you turn off the water and step out in to the bathroom. You feel kind of nauseous, now, the pain of missing him greater than ever, but you try to swallow it down with another gulp of beer as look at your reflection in the mirror.
There’s an incessant ringing building in his ears. The concrete beneath his face is pockmarked and dirty. When he forces his eyes to open, everything remains smudged and indistinct, like a freshly painted watercolour in hues of charcoal and burnt orange. The world bleeds together. There are voices that rise and fall like the tides, but he can’t for the life of him work out what they’re saying.
He figures that this is gang related somehow, what with he’s been threatened, but something just doesn’t add up. Maybe it’s some snuff film organised by Mickey Cohen? That’s basically all Dean’s got, right now.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Can we talk outside?”
Cas remains silent.
Cas just jerks his head in a half-nod before turning to face Balthazar, who’s shuffling papers. Dean leans close to Benny.
“This guy hasn’t been too hard to find. You’d think he would’ve shot out of town if he had killed his wife,” Benny grunts. “Or he could just be overconfident.”
Written as a belated Birthday present for
Dean had let his feelings for Cas ease in to deep affection as he tried to work his way through his knot of emotions at the end of the war. He’d felt nothing but anger for a very long time, until he began working Homicide and thought maybe he could make up for the devastation he’d caused by saving as many lives as he could. That’s why he was standing in this room right now, clutching a photograph tainted by memories, fighting for one of the only good things he’s had in a long time.
“Inside you?”
“Yes,” he says with a self-satisfied grin. “I’m particularly pleased with that last one.”
Title taken from the Red Hot Chili Peppers song of the same name.
“Dean,” is all he says, but it’s enough. He looks relieved.
“Er,” Dean hesitates, caught off guard. Having Cas pressed so close to his body hindering his ability to think clearly.
Dean and Cas never do get the chance to continue their conversation. The next day, early in the morning, they find the portal.
“You were the reporting officer on this, right, Garth?” Dean says, approaching the uniformed cop standing closest to the corpse. Garth’s a good guy. They even pulled a couple of collars together when Dean was still on the beat, back before he began plain clothes tours, and Dean’s surprised Garth hasn’t managed to work his way further up the hierarchy.
“Pease don’t use that name in vain.” Cas’ intense gaze is back on Dean’s face again as he shifts into a half rise. Dean laughs, moving until his head is resting on Cas’ thigh. He’s too drunk and too happy to see Cas to care about the intimate position, and Cas doesn’t push him off; on the contrary, his hand moves until it’s resting in Dean’s hair protectively, the length of his body. (awesome bit of fluff, but their actions are confused. are they sitting down side by side? or lying on each other? idk what’s happening)
That night, Dean dreams.
Cas barks out a laugh, but it sounds sad. “You’ve been in and out of it for the last few days. It’s good to see you lucid.”
“You’re a real knucklehead, you know that? Fuckin’ delusions of grandeur and all that jazz,” Benny says affectionately. “If you want mystery, go join the Alien Squad.” Dean grins back. He’s really goddamn pleased at the rapport that he and Benny’ve developed over the last few months that Dean’s been working Homicide. Beats the shit he had to deal with on tours with the uniformed beat cops, when his partner was rumoured to be in cahoots with Mickey Cohen and Lucifer and his gang of lowlife ‘demons’. He could’ve sworn Uriel was actively
The unusual tension dissipates before they’re left with something much more intense. It’s almost too much. Dean feels smothered by it, frustrated, itching with the urge to
“You staying?” Dean says, looming over him.
“Anyway, s’nice to see you, even if it is unexpected.” Dean sighs contentedly as Cas’ fingers start carding absent-mindedly through his sandy-brown tufts.
Dean blinks back more tears, cupping the fallen angel’s face in his hands. Oh, this is pure agony. He peppers the former angel’s face with kisses.
Cas looks pleased. And slightly proud. “Kevin said he didn’t think you could cook anything other than burgers. I never doubted you though, Dean.” But before Dean can reply, Cas is walking over to the stereo and turning it on.
Dean shifts, adjusting his leg so it’s pressed against Cas’s, and he glances across at the angel. “I’m trying here, Cas. I’m trying to be honest. Can we do this together? No more hero of the fucking hour bullshit?”
“That’s wonderful.”
Cas frowns. “No, Dean, I-“
"Both in Queens," she nods. “One – Elizabeth - is at college at NYU, and the other – Charlotte - works here three days a week and at a diner in the city for another three. Has done since her fiancé left her a few months back for another woman, bless her poor heart. And he got married to another woman a month after; can you believe it? Died shortly after the wedding, though. Freak accident. Just desserts I suppose.”
“Y’know, he’s almost pretty enough to turn me bi, you know,” Charlie says wistfully, appearing at Dean’s side. “Almost. He’s just so…”
Then be not coy, but use your time,
; fucking star crossed lovers.
Dean continues to ignore Cas, refusing to look at him. Cas understands this; Dean is no longer a hunter, and Cas is no longer an angel. He is a civilian. He is weak - powerless and disgusting.
“Cas?” Dean says when they’re standing about a yard away, completely bypassing objective professionalism and landing somewhere in the ‘wistfully reminiscent’ court. Fucking hell. There’s even an edge of hope to his voice, if the reason they’re here wasn’t embarrassing enough already.
Dean definitely does choke, this time. “Nothing’s going on, I swear!” he hisses back quietly. “I’m married. Cas’s wife died just over a month ago, which isn’t exactly great for, you know.” The music would drown their voices out to anyone close by, but Dean doesn’t want to take any chances.
He’d be sloppy and enthusiastic, at first, before he’d refine his technique to an art. You know. He’d map your body with his hands and learn what makes you whimper and moan and repeat it until you were about to break. He’d pull you apart and stich you back together again over and over again, just as he’s done repeatedly in entirely different circumstances.
“Naw, it’s not. Still could be seen as a potential motive, though. Wanted to bop her off so he didn’t have to pay her out.”
“I’m going to do something now. Keep silent. Lucifer thinks I’m attacking you right now. That I have you gagged.”
Cas to volunteer information? He doesn’t want to get back down stairs to find a bloodied Cas curled up in a chair.
They haven’t done this since purgatory – haven’t even talked about it. Fumbled blowjobs a few metres from camp as Benny slept, hurried for convenience; handjobs in the quiet of the dawn; awkward, quick, clothed releases against the forest floor with only spit as lubricant. The acts were physical illustrations of sentiment – well, inasmuch as mutual cock-sucking can be, when words are not enough to cross the barrier. When they can’t forge those desired bonds. It was easy. Reality, however: not so much.
“We’re not far,” Cas says in his trademark tenor grumble. Dean tries not to wince. Sometimes he thinks that Cas could read the freaking phone book and it’d still go straight to his dick. “We’re about half a mile out.”
“I um… I…” he pauses as if testing how the words feel against his teeth. “I want to be with you, at all times. I want you. I need you, too.”
“Yes. And condoms.”
He finds the picture wedged between the pages of a book beside Cas’s bed. The title has warn away, faded gold against green leather, but poking out the top Dean can see the edge of a photograph. He pulls. It’s a close-up of him and Cas and Victor, another of their Batallion members, all looking spivvy in their army greens. Cas is flashing one of his rare grins at the camera, standing to the side as Dean and Victor wrapped their arms around each other’s shoulders. He flips it over to see the inscribed date – 3
Cas makes an noise that Dean takes as affirmation.
There’s movement in the corner of the room, and figure rises from a chair. A sleepy looking Cas approaches the bed, dark circles under his eyes, hair messier than it usually is.
. I feel like we’ve been building towards something since the day we met in that barn for training and you stabbed me.”
“Huh,” Benny says thoughtfully. “Funny name.”
“It wasn’t your suggestion.”
It doesn’t take long for Cas to come. Dean swallows everything down, trying not to choke on the bitterness, and licks Cas clean. Cas has that expression back on his face, like Dean is something precious and beautiful. He crawls up the bed, presses his nose into the underside of Cas’ jaw, and breathes.
“Yes,” Cas replies. Dean grunts in assent and slides back under the sheets, resting hands behind his head.
“Rude.”
He’s in love with the goddamn angel.
Purgatory tastes like death.
They stop every few moments on their way to the bedroom as they make out against the wall, a snarl of blurred skin and tangled limbs bleeding together in the broken moonlight.
Dean and Cas are glaring daggers at each other resolutely across the table when Sam finally reaches his breaking point.
“No,” he says, bending down to run his lips over the edge of Dean’s jaw. “I thought it might be the best way to distract you. Or ‘shut you up’, as it were.” His hands work their way under Dean’s shirt. “What’s a ‘tinkerbell’, anyway? I don’t have any bells. Nor am I particularly good with machinery.”
Dean nods, fiddling with the knobs on the tape recorder. “Do you want a lawyer, Cas?”
Cas enters the room, coat swirling around his knees, oversized and dirty. He glances around before moving towards Dean, kneeling beside him.
“Don’t be,” Dean says. “But if you feel that bad about it, you can buy me a drink to apologise. Or, y’know, dinner.” He understands the implication, but right now, he’s too happy to care.
“Not the time, Sam,” Dean snaps as he eases off the jacket and shirt. The tie comes next; the trench coat was left in the car. Sam rolls his eyes and moves off slowly towards his bedroom.
So far, he's collected three out of the eight items on his list - milk, tomatoes, and mince. No one told him which dishwashing detergent is the best, though, or that there are about ten different types of potato, or whether he should get rolls with the little seeds or without.
“You, of course.” She slides in to the chair beside Dean’s, who rolls his eyes.
“A month,” he says, turning to face Cas. “In Central Park. Isn’t that right, baby?”
Cas just huffs again, presses a button on the iPod, and presses up in to Dean’s person space. He’s turned bright crimson. Dean recognises the tune; ’All I Want For Christmas’ filters quietly through the small speakers as he looks down at Cas. Time sort of slows a little, congealing, until it’s just the two of them and that song, and Cas is leaning forward, and they’re sharing breaths, and that’s lips brushing against his neck, and -
Cas makes a small noise of discontent. "That's appalling. How do you eat them?"
“You’ve ruined me,” Cas murmurs warmly into his hair, pressing a kiss into his hairline. It almost sounds like some kind of prayer. “I wouldn’t change a single thing.” He pauses; a heartbeat. “I love you, Dean.”
“I’m not a…
“About a block away, to the left,” he says. His own voice sounds breathy and thin, echoing too loudly against the sandstone wall and concrete paving. Cas guides him gently forward with a hand against Dean’s lower back, supporting him, reminding Dean of the times Lisa had to come and pick him up after he’d had too much to drink. It always happened on ‘bad days’, when Dean had managed little sleep the night before and was plagued all day by guilt and misery over everything that happened during his time overseas.
It ends as soon as Cas pulls away, which is way sooner than Dean wants. His skin prickles with disappointment.
“D’you happen know what poem this is from?” he asks. Cas frowns at it, his eyes narrowing in concentration as he pulls on his own undershirt.
Well,
“Close your eyes,” Cas says, kneeling on the bed in front of Dean, head tilted towards the ceiling. He looks almost as if he’s in prayer. Dean complies, folding easily into Cas’s personal space as his eyelids flicker shut. Then there are are pressure points against his wrists as his hands are guided upwards. “Now touch me.”
Dean creates a pin board and hangs it on the dining room wall, covered in pictures and notes on facts and evidence. Lisa threatens to stop Ben from staying over if Dean doesn’t clean the damn mess up,
“Oh, right.” Dean flashes her a grin. “Guess we both got lucky tonight, eh.”
“So,” he says, leaning over. “Hold the wheel at the goddamn sides, okay? At least at first; it gives you more control.” He adjusts Cas’s hands, sliding them gently around the circle. “Got it?”
“No, I mean, did you ever have sex?”
"I was wrong, however. Though I still want freedom, I still want a more liberal Heaven, there's something I covet - something I want - more than anything else I could conceive."
Sorry sounds so goddamn easy. Sorry feels so fucking inadequate. But Cas knows that Dean can’t love him. He tries to accept it, even though it fucking hurts worse than being killed by an archangel or falling from heaven or losing contact with all one’s family and being so frighteningly
“To allow God the opportunity to witness your union?” Cas reaches out to touch a black vest, checking the quality of the wool. “Tax benefits?” He tugs it off the rack. “So I can be present at your bedside when you die?”
Dean nods, once, voice still not cooperating. He trusts Cas.
Except now, standing in the shower with the alcohol from four beers causing a dull buzzing in your head, it’s easy to forget that you’re not meant to be thinking about him.
moment. Just no.
As soon as Cas mentions having sex with someone who isn’t Dean, it hurts. Dean pretends it doesn’t, of course, but it’s agony – like a salted knife blade pressed against his chest. He chokes on his food, jealousy – acrid and hot – pooling in his stomach, and he lurches forward, emotion bleeding in to his tone. “You had sex with April?”
Oh, fuck.
"That was an invitation. We ain’t got all night, sunshine."
“I’m trying to cook a
"Shouldn't that have been your first question?" Cas coughs, wincing. "Wrong trajectory. I... I couldn't make it to..." his voice fades out.
on my ass.” He head-butts Cas’ shoulder. Instead of replying, Cas turns his head and stares back up at the moon. “Oh, for Christ’s-“
No one else appears to be up, on initial check. Well, no light is trickling from under the doors to Sam and Kevin’s rooms, at least. Dean is suddenly on alert; he flicks the safety off and moves in to a more defensive stance, back pressed against the wall, gun at the ready.
The words don’t make Dean panic the same way they did in the days after, when he expected something black and oozing to come to try and take Cas away from him again. Instead he feels overwarm and slightly uncomfortable, like beating wings are trying to escape through his sternum. Butterflies are what the chick flicks call them, he supposes. He likes them.
“Stop acting like a goddamn child and help me take your clothes off.”
Time stretches between them, sticky and thick and slow, like the hours in a lazy summer afternoon. Cas was right about them all those months ago, when he confronted Dean in that office after he had learned about Chuck. Confronted Dean to try and reassure him, despite the fact that Dean had said Cas was all but dead to him. Cas is the best thing that’s ever happened to him - he knows that now. Cas has always been himself; achingly sincere - terrifyingly real.
He opens his eyes to Cas watching him, looking awed, like Dean is the most beautiful thing in existence, Cas’ hand on his own cock stilled. Dean feels raw and vulnerable and undone, but also safe and strangely complete. When he thinks he can manage words again, he says gently: “Your turn, Cas,” and stretches out towards Cas’ cock. Cas kisses him again, pressing the length of his body against Dean’s side. Now Dean isn’t blinded by his own desire, he can afford to take Cas apart piece by piece.
“Don’t worry about it,” Cas says, trying to sound like Dean’s presence isn’t affecting him, that his all too-human heart isn’t fluttering futilely like a bird with broken wings against his breastbone.
Cas sighs, deep and guttural, sleep-warm and loose limbed as Dean presses open-mouthed kisses down the V of Cas’s hips. Dean’s considering working him open until those heavy-lidded eyes are wide open and blown black, but instead he sucks Cas lazily in to his mouth and runs his palms up Cas’s thighs. This elicits a groan. Cas’s fingers flex against Dean’s neck.
“I want to fuck you,” Dean growls in to the shell of Cas’s ear. “We’ll have to use a substitute for lube, though, ‘cause I’m not risking leaving this room for the good stuff.” He pushes the angel back against the countertop, stepping backwards to grab the olive oil in the same motion.
“What is it, Sammy? You found something in those notes?" Dean says, hurriedly stepping forward to keep up. Castiel follows patiently behind.
Cas glances at the bookshelf before pulling out a tomb. “This poem is about youth,” he says, handing the book over. “With particular emphasis on virginity. It’s rather beautiful.”
The weight above him shifts, pressure on his spine suddenly lifting Cas is there, pulling Dean out from underneath the guy, gun raised as he shields Dean’s body with his own. “Hands where I can see them,” he growls.
It’s later that night, around twelve thirty, and he’s heading back from the club towards his car when the clatter of footsteps against the pavement - in a tattoo that doesn’t match his own feet - catches his attention.
What the fuck.
“They’re coming,” Cas whispers, panicked, and Dean doesn’t know what Cas means.
“This is how the blind sometimes read faces,” Cas whispers against Dean’s fingers. “I read about it in a book.”
“Then don’t let anyone find out.” Charlie levels him with an unreadable expression before she grins.
Bobby pulls the piece of paper from Dean’s fingertips and proceeds to read through it himself. “Huh,” he says after he’s finished. “Weird. Not exactly like serial killers usually send poetry to the department, but hey, there’s a first for everything.”
“Because you were being attacked? I couldn’t just leave you, I-“
Castiel hums in assent. "Together? Or separately?"
Cas leans down and sucks Dean’s tongue into his mouth, and then Dean’s orgasm is hitting him like a sucker punch to the gut, hard and fast and overwhelming. Dean shudders, mind whiting out, Cas’ name on his lips.
“Did you just… make a Twilight reference?” Sam slurs. He realises that, despite the jokes, Dean is not okay; his shoulders are rigid, hunched, and his right hand is trembling slightly where he holds the scissors against Cas’s now-red shirt.
He’s stumbling up to get another glass of eggnog now, though, argument with Sam and Kevin clearly forgotten as he moves swiftly - albeit unsteadily - towards Dean.
“Domestic murders are common. Nine times outta ten, it’s the significant other.” Benny shrugs. “The witness who called it in might have some more information, though – Fitzgerald got her name and address for us. She lives around the block. Game?”
The sooner will his race be run,
“You were bleeding out over my comforter a few minutes ago!” Dean exclaims. Cas hums contemplatively. Dean just sighs and removes himself from the bed. He watches Cas unpack the wound to inspect the damage, blood only a slow trickle now, Cas flinching only slightly at the pain.
"I..." Castiel looks away, brow furrowed, hands tangled in his lap. Dean is seated opposite him, cross legged and leaning forward into Castiel's personal space. They're both perched on the foot of the bed in Dean's bedroom, Sam having disappeared to his own room minutes before, and it's the first moment they've had alone in far too long. "I want... no, I like..." He feels as if he's choking on the words; they're thick and heavy as they collect in his throat and over his tongue. "I like..."
Dean hates Christmas.
Dean gets the rest of it as soon as he pins the poem to the board in his living room -
There are no stars out tonight: that’s the first thing Dean observes as he stands on the veranda, fisting his hands into his pockets, and breathing in the brisk air. At least the cold reminds him that he’s alive.
“No.”
“You can sit down, you know,”
“The Blackbird. Yes, it’s not bad; she gets a lot of tips. Working there today, in face. I can’t keep her on here all the time here, you see; I can run it by myself, mostly. She just helps with the baking really.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I’ll make this up to you,” Cas whispers, stepping forward, and Dean is confused, because it looks like Cas is gonna kiss him. Instead he feels the bite of a needle in to the flesh of his neck, watches as two blue eyes waver in front of him, but as he tries to yell out something muffles his mouth and he tumbles in to the sky.
“Yes,” Cas says casually, sombrely, like he’s discussing bad weather, not first hand knowledge of one of the most historically significant beings in Western culture. “Such a kind and generous soul. He’d hate to see so much bitterness between angels and humans today.” Cas pauses and takes a gulp from his glass before levelling Dean with his unwavering bright blue gaze. “Can I help you with anything?”
“I… understand, now, I think.” Cas’s voice sounds like he’s spent his entire life gargling glass and smoking Marlboro Reds, like always, and fucking hurts Dean; a salted blade pressed against his skin. “I assumed you knew.”
He also thinks he recognizes another figure at the table, but… it can’t be. Long brown hair, a real honey.
!” Cas yells, and suddenly there’s a body barreling in to his, pushing him to the ground. Pain blooms in his left shoulder, through the muscles in his right side, and he hears, distantly, an explosion.
Cas chooses that exact moment, however, to twist his head around until he can press his wet lips against the corner of Dean’s mouth. Dean starts, yelping, his arm faltering, the bullet flying off in the direction of the trees. He pulls away from Cas to see that the other fallen angel has got the biggest shit-eating grin ever plastered across his gorgeous face.
“There’s only one thing I’m sure of now,” Cas says, holding Dean’s gaze. “And that’s-“
“Yes. But nonetheless, cooking it was as hard as I initially thought,” Cas muses.
Dean pulls off and grins mischievously up at Cas, who immediately says “No.” because he’s as grumpy as fucking Oscar the Grouch in the mornings and can only speak in monosyllables. He runs the backs of his knuckles up the nape of Dean’s neck, gentling urging Dean’s mouth back towards his cock, and Dean happily complies. Dean sucks roughly, teasingly, enjoying watching as Cas’s self-restraint slowly breaks and he begins to almost fuck in to Dean’s mouth, his hips and hands twitching in concert.
This is the kindest Dean’s been to him in as long as Cas can remember, allowing him these moments to break under the pressure of everything that has happened in the past few years; to even have someone
Cas doesn’t answer. Dean makes an incoherent noise of protest in the back of his throat.
Cas squints, tilting his head to the side. “That’s not-“ he begins. But Claire interrupts.
but instead all he manages to get out is, “You bought me
“It’s definitely not the Werewolf, no. We’ve had bubkis since that letter and the potential leads with Jeannie French that turned to zip, so don’t even start, Winchester.”
As Augusten Burroughs writes, "I myself am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions."
Seconds tick by, marked by the hands of the bedside clock, time stretching in to silence. “This isn’t about my guilt over that,” Dean says eventually. “It’s more than that.”
“I didn’t kill her, though,” Cas says, straightening his shoulders, looking defiantly at Benny’s curled mouth. “I know that partners are more often than not the guilty party in domestic injuries and death; I deal with them every day. But this is not the case here. I am innocent.”
“Son, don’t get caught up in their games. That’s not import, you should-“
― Raymond Chandler,
“No.”
Next is talking to Cas.
Cas has
“Oh.” Cas tilts his head. “No.”
Now that Benny and Cas have stopped being dicks to each other, the three of them have formed a cohesive trio. There’s a mutual understanding between Benny and Cas that protecting Dean is the most important task, no questions asked, so they’ve taken to alternating guard duties. Either Benny or Cas will walk ahead while the other remains back with Dean. They communicate with glances and hand signals, never out of sight but always a good few yards ahead. It had pissed Dean off, at first - the babying, the vulnerability – until Benny eventually said, “You’re the only ticket out for the both of us, brother. Stop sulking and accept our damned help.” Which had put it in perspective.
He starts with Cas’s hair, the soft strands sliding easily through his fingers. Cas feels the fingertips trail down, down, balancing over the delicate structure of his cheekbones, tracing the dip of his brow, the bridge of his nose, dancing along his eyelids, skittering along the edge of his well defined jawline. Each place Dean touches tingles with the absence of his fingertips.
Instead, you rest your hands across your chest and imagine that they’re his hands pressing there way into your biceps. You imagine how he’d hold you – tight, firm, like the anchor he’s always been. You’d push your own hands up his neck, into his hair, and you’d run your fingertips through the wet locks. He’d moan, you know, those filthy fucking lips opening in a small ‘o’ to let out that low tone.
“Seriously, though, Cas,” Dean starts again, fingering the piece of plastic in his pocket. “The quality and price of a ring shouldn’t matter. You just totally ignored my feeling back there.”
He still worries about Sam, of course. But he’s not
He doesn't have to look far for Cas, though. The goddamn fallen angel is standing beside the Impala, grin stretching across his face, looking like the cat that not only got the cream but the whole fucking cake, too. Dean can't find it in himself to get angry when Cas looks like that. He wants something, wants to make it his, to nurture and care for it, and that's enough for Dean. Anything to get him out of the dark sulk that hasn't shifted since he fell. If letting him take care of a ridiculous lobster changes that, well.
Dean shrugs and waits until he’s finished his mouthful. “I used to travel around the US with my brother, Sammy, a fair bit. Only been to Scotland otherwise.” He exaggerates a shudder. “I hate flying. You?”
because I adore her very much. Title taken from the Circa Survive song of the same name.
"Can you stand?"
“Little bitch,” he says, frowning at the gun. Dean laughs and steps up into Cas’s personal space.
"There are too many choices, Dean! I don't know what you want. Is 'penne' okay, or would you prefer 'spaghetti'?"
“You sure?”
"Dean," he whispers frantically in to the mouthpiece of his cellphone, "I cannot do this."
(See the end of the chapter for
Now if that isn't fucking poetic. He wants a goddamn cigarette.
Cas looks pained for a moment. “I can’t. Sam warded the door.”
“Why?” Cas whispers, voice reedy and thin and rasping.
Castiel looks up at him with those big baby blues, and Dean can't help but brush his lips delicately against the edge of Cas' jaw. "'So'kay, Cas. I just hope you like chocolate." He eyes the massive bottle of lube. "And sex."
Just as Garth said, judging by her clothes and the lack of lines on her face, she’s probably about twenty-seven or twenty-eight. There are no visible marks on her body, save for the grisly line across the column of her throat. She has light brown hair - a similar colour to Dean’s - that fans out behind her head in a sort of golden halo, and blank, green eyes that stare unseeingly at the sky. A gold wedding band sits on her left hand. Ligature marks ring her wrists, suggesting that she’s been tied up, barely visible due to pastel-pink sleeves. Dean reaches inside her blazer pocket to find a plain brown wallet, a set of keys, and some folded papers.
“I tried to put the little bird in jail, far from harm’s way. Thought he was one of mine, to be honest. Clever little bird.” Lucifer is staring at Cas, now. He begins to sing, voice high and melodious, mouth twisted in up in to a smile. “A little Cock Sparrow sat on a tree, looking as happy, as happy as could be, ‘til a boy came by with his bow and arrow: says he, “I will shoot that little Cock Sparrow.””
“Stay away,” a muffled voice says. Male, probably older than Dean. “If you value your life, arrest Novak. Consider this a warning.” As if to punctuate his words, another shot rings out, the bullet flying close to Dean’s ear. Dean stumbles backwards, hitting his head against the wall, and before he can move in the direction of the voice, he hears the distinct clatter of shoes on concrete as his assailant flees.
“I can demonstrate if you like.”
No younger brother to constantly care about.
“… Yeah?” Dean asks hesitantly. They’ve got all they need now, but he feels sort of bad, for some reason, about the thought of disappointing this woman. He really hopes that they don’t have to kill her daughter later this afternoon.
Cas huffs, looking irritated. “That’s not a compliment to an angel, Dean.”
It’s not until later when they’re lying under twisted sheets, the metallic tang of sweat and bitter salt scent of semen coalescing around their blended forms - all blurred skin and tangled limbs – that Dean finds the courage to say, “Why did you save me?” He mutters the question, glancing away from Cas’s too-blue eyes, and Cas frowns.
“Maybe I could learn to ride a motorcycle.”
Sometimes, he swears Dean sees him like one of the johns Dean served in his youth.
“You have any Vaseline?” Dean manages to mumble once the aftershocks have passed. Cas looks at him with wide eyes.
As far as Dean is concerned, what Cas lacks in experience he makes up for in enthusiasm. He doesn't say this. Instead he moves a hand to Cas' jaw and rubs a thumb across the high crest of his cheekbone.
"I dunno. They're more Sam's thing. I think you put them in the freezer to put them to sleep before boiling them in a pot of fresh water."
“It’s so fantastic that you’re so happy together,” she’s saying over Dean’s head as he eases himself up. “When’s the big day?”
Dean swallows hard; no words have any right to sound that hot. Who the fuck uses ‘copulate’ these days, anyway? It’s been weeks since he and Cas have had any sexual interaction, even longer since they’ve shared mutual orgasms, and Dean hopes that it might do something to remove the haze of bitterness and anger that has coalesced around Cas since he returned to the bunker a week after he fell.
Benny grits his teeth and huffs. “Yeah. I figured as much.”
like and change that. Work from there. I dunno. I’m trying. Small steps. Work from the bottom up, and don’t rely on other people’s love to complete you. Otherwise you just remain the same bag of problems and you’ll never heal.”
mouth on his cock;
"Sure it is," Dean says. "They're both crabs and come from the ocean. Anyway, I'm not letting you have a tantrum like a five year old in the grocer, Cas. Stop being a dick."
>I suck heart-shaped bruises against his neck as he arches against me; bruises I hope won’t fade come morning like I hope he won’t fade from my life and-
The sex may not have been was Dean was expecting, but it was still the best he’s ever had. Not because of technique or finesse or because it was exactly what he likes, but because it was
It ends as quickly and as brutally as it began.
The Japanese have this concept where they fix broken pottery with gold or silver and call it ‘Kintsukroi’, the art of repairing something to make it more beautiful.
“No, I mean, have you travelled much.”
“I heard Hollywood’s hiring again, Bela,” he returns sarcastically. “Better shift your pretty little ass down there before they employ someone less wicked.” She laughs again, high and tinkling, and Dean wants nothing more than for her to shut up.
Dean, however, wants none of the fallen angel’s grumpy bullshit. He jerks the wheel sharply to the right, the car spinning off the road and in to the open paddock beside it, slipping to a halt on the tawny, sun-bleached Kansas grass.
Bela rolls her eyes, exhaling sharply. “Pull your head out of your ass for once, Winchester, before you lose it completely. I’m not the threat. I gained nothing for this; I’m doing it out of the kindness of my heart.”
“Fuck,” Dean says, watching the way Cas’s eyes smoulder at him from under long lashes. “You’re gonna kill me.”
Dean doesn't clearly recollect his actions from there. He remembers breathing deeply, trying to collect himself and his thoughts. He checks that he and Sam are mostly okay, no serious injuries, just whiplash from breaking so hard and a dull ache from where the seatbelt a cut in to their chests.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs in Dean’s ear suddenly, head tilted towards him, hair tickling the side of his neck, “why are you using my back as an arm rest?”
Dean feels responsible for Cas’s actions back before the leviathan ‘killed’ him. He finally accepts that he was partially to blame for Cas’s downfall, in short, and he wants to make amends. First is getting the angel out of this goddamn hellhole. And while they remain here together, alone, with ample opportunity to discuss feelings, Dean believes he owes it to Cas to try and talk to him. Perhaps then – and only then – can he alert Cas to the other epiphany he’s had while here. Something that has been building for a long time, but that Dean has been too impervious to realise. It took all the events leading up to Dean’s rediscovery of Cas as Emmanuel for him to recognise his feelings, and his time alone in Purgatory to accept them.
To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time.
“Hey guys!” Charlie says enthusiastically, pushing herself into Crowley and Cas’s conversation. She shoves Dean in the back, hard, in order to push him into the circle, and Dean forgets about trying to talk to Claire. A conversation with a teenager about Magic: The Gathering is going to beat whatever painful tortures this interaction’s gonna be.
Dean’s starting to worry now. “Okay? I dunno whether to be concerned or not, but whatever it is, thanks, dude, it might be Sam’s iPod but I appreciate the-“
Dean just shakes his head and laughs. "At this stage, taking the stupid thing back would be more harm than it's worth. Gotta get it home quickly, though." He opens the door to the impala and puts the bags inside, climbing in after. "What do they eat, though?"
Dean nods, pulling his own hat on to his head and tipping it in Cas’s direction. “Yeah.” His voice cracks. He clears his throat. “I’m sorry we had to meet again under such difficult circumstances.” Tilting his hat briefly in Cas’s direction, he pivots quickly and hurries after Benny.
“You’ve got to get some solid evidence to prove his innocence, Dean,” Sam’s saying. “A flimsy alibi’s going to do bubkis at this stage. You know how the department loves its open and shut domestics – great for publicity.”
That’s not really the part of her sentence he cares about. “What about it?”
Explosions ring out over the clearing. He thinks
When Cas’s bus is due to arrive, Dean leans across the seat and presses his lips to Cas’s cheek. It’s not at all like it was with April; Dean’s lips are somehow softer and his stubble burns Cas’s skin and Cas feels like he’s missing something.
“Doesn’t
, Cas. You’re different.”
Dean hears Cas move towards the bed. He slides stiffly between the sheets and lies on his back, hair a murky splash against the pillow, skin glowing gold in the half light. His body remains entirely rigid. Dean sighs. In the morning, he’ll blame it on exhaustion and the fact that he was half asleep, but he trails his fingertips down the length of Cas’s forearm in an effort to comfort him, whispering in to the air between them, “It’s okay, Cas. You’re safe.”
“Yeah?” Benny prompts.
Next Cas is squeezing olive oil on to the fingers of his right hand. Dean shifts, his legs falling further open, length of his cock a full line against the scattering of dark hairs that run up to his navel. “This pie will never get baked,” Cas mutters before he’s pressing a finger in to Dean’s ass and sucking Dean’s hard cock in to the wet heat of his mouth. Dean moans. Cas nuzzles the junction of soft skin between Dean’s inner thigh and pubic bone with his nose, keeping a steady rhythm with his lips and finger.
She levels him with an even gaze, her wide blue eyes, cherubim face, and tawny hair giving her an angelic air, like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth. She’s challenging him, and he knows it. “You’re just pretty cool. You know, for an old guy. And hot. Bit of a DILF, I guess. Cas didn’t mention that part.”
Dean hasn’t always loved Christmas.
feeling buzzed from the alcohol as it sings through his bloodstream.
He arrives a good half-hour after Dean, tugging that stupid coat further around his shoulders and glancing wearily in Lucifer’s direction as approaches Dean’s table.
The words are familiar.
“Have you got the full coroner’s report yet?” Charlie asks.
“Fuck. I was definitely not drunk enough for that,” Dean says, and stops Sam from talking about it by engaging Charlie in conversation about the Werewolf killer. Sammy is his brother and his best friend and his entire fucking world, but sometimes the dude just needs to stop worrying and shut the fuck up.
“What is this?” Cas says, looking concerned. “Dean? What’s going on?”
Dean gets in straight away by flashing his badge.
It really is a nice house – open and comfortable. The pictures on the walls are much the same as the ones in his office at the hospital. There are a couple of Daphne with her family, and one that is a much younger Cas with two older people who must be his parents. No shots with friends, though.
“Cas,” Dean responds, on impulse. “Or rather, Castiel.”
“You had a choice; you could have picked me. But you didn’t. Instead you flew off in to the great beyond because you didn’t fucking trust me, after I’ve trusted you with everything, multiple times, even made excuses for you, and all you’ve done is break that trust. Yet here I am, still trusting you, and I don’t know why.” Dean pauses; takes a breath. He’s trying not to yell. He’s above that. “I even goddamn well prayed to you, Cas. Every night. What the fuck am I doing wrong? Did I not give you enough of a reason to stay? Am I not worth enough to you?”
"Fish, I suppose. Do we have any fish sticks?"
“So why are you really here? What’s the dope?” Dean asks, lacing his fingers together. Bela’s features slide to something more serious.
“Guess we can see the coroner and call it a day. Coming to the Silver Spoon tonight?”
His fingers snag the handle of the police-issued firearm he carries everywhere – a Smith & Wesson Model 14 .38 revolver – in the holster that remains permanently clipped to his belt, his hand shaking against the grip. He flicks the safety off.
Cas is so utterly gone on Dean. He’s fucked.
Cas hums. “You can’t save everyone, Dean.”
Cas doesn’t respond, just walks quickly through the groups of patrons until he reaches an unmarked door. Dean shrugs on his peacoat and follows Cas out in what he assumes is an alleyway.
“The dude turned up at a Christmas party with a kid, Charlie. It’s not rocket science. It’s not 40 man Naxx during Wrath*.”
Benny’s standing over the body when Dean gets back, arms crossed against his broad chest, scowling.
Benny snorts. “He fought in the fuckin’ war. We’re all killers.”
“You know that tomorrow that we’ll have to take you in for official questioning, right? Regardless of what the coroner does or doesn’t find.”
“Well, you see,” she continues, a bit sheepishly, “my youngest daughter’s done a lot of work with the LGBT community here - particularly with the legalization of same-sex marriage - and is bisexual herself, so she’d really love to hear about you two. You wouldn’t mind if I got a photo, would you?”
“I’m feeling fine. Just hungry. So what you’re saying is that we lost contact because you’re a part of the alien squad?”
“I know I’ve said it, but I am sorry we had to reconnect like this. I should have contacted you months ago.” He looks away from Cas, watching the way the warm golden light from the kitchen throws shapes across the floorboards, fractured squares that never quite meet.
“We get that a lot,” Sam says, voice flat. Dean sighs irately.
“I can’t say I love flying, no, but I tolerate it.”
Dean eventually walks over to the door to turn the light off before returning to the bed. Cas scuttles over, trying to make himself as small and unobtrusive as possible.
“Dean seems to think you’re some kind of angel, but I don’t trust you,” Benny’s voice filters out in to the corridor, and thank god, if he’s talking it’s okay. “You know more than you’re lettin’ on.”
It’s Dean’s turn to laugh. “I’m not, Cas. She obviously thinks we’re a real couple here to sample the delights of Heaven’s Cakes before our ‘Big’ - with a capital ‘B’ - day. We’re only still here ‘cause it’s her daughter who’s been planting the hex bags, and we need to know how to get in contact with her since she’s not working here today. I figured the best way to do that way to try and win the day’s more adorable couple award.”
Dean shrugs. “If we move it to the opposite bench, it should be fine. We’ll cheat with the pastry. C’mon, I’ll show you how.”
“I fucking give up,” Dean says, throwing his hands up in the air, surrendering. “This is painful.”
“Hey, Cas. Way to break a man’s heart.”
There's a figure lying in the centre of the road.
"Let me return the favour," Cas says, cutting off the biggest chunk of cake Dean thinks could fit on the goddamn fork. Suddenly it’s heading for his face, Cas’s head tilted as he squints in concentration at Dean’s mouth, like feeding him is fucking rocket science or something. Dean feels like a baby bird. He only just manages to get his mouth open wide enough before he is consumed by too much sugar, too, and he knows he’s pulling the most embarrassing faces ever as he tries not to gag.
"This is important, Dean. I do not have the knowledge the average human has when it comes to behaviours of habit. I have no idea what a bintje is, and why it is different to a pink eye - isn't that a colloquial term for an illness where one rubs faeces into their eye? - or why there are orange and cream coloured carrots - aren't all carrots orange? - and-"
“Married?” Dean offers. Charlie frowns.
Dean is being tailed.
He stares at the printed script, blinking a couple of times, hoping that his vision is just screwing up. It’s definitely not. The little black letters glare up at him tauntingly, and he feels a bit like he’s just been sucker-punched in the gut.
“Well, I know when I’m not wanted,” she says, standing up. “Just remember what I told you, Dean. It was lovely to meet you Sam. Charlie.”
Sam says nothing. Charlie reaches out a hand and rests it on his shoulder. The girl continues to sing about dreaming a little dream of me, and Dean wants to hit something.
“You shouldn’t really been here,” Dean says after he’s opened his front door. “Not until we’ve cleared your name off the suspect list.”
But Cas has shown no overt interest so far, aside from the occasional lingering touch and glances that stretch to long periods of staring. Dean figures that it’s just
They place Cas at Araziel’s feet, holding his arms, pushing him to the floor until his back is bared. Suddenly Dean understands: they want my wings. He lets out an agonised sob. One of the angels retraining him pushes a hand over his lips.
“Right,” Dean says. “That’s not really helpful.”
Cas may be oblivious, but he’s one of the smartest guys Dean knows and he cottons on quickly. “Yes. A month. I cannot wait.” He dead pans it, though, his voice holding no emotion, and he makes no effort to be more affectionate towards Dean. They need this woman on side, for fussake, so they can ask about her daughter. Desperate measures. Dean takes Castiel’s fork from where it’s sitting beside his plate, cuts a bit of cake off with the edge, and moves it towards Cas’s mouth. For an awkward moment, Dean worries that Cas won’t comply, but his jaw opens mechanically and Dean pushes the cake inside. He brushes the stray crumbs off from around Cas’s lips with his thumb.
Cas shifts uncomfortably and pulls his arm from behind Dean so he can reach for the plate. Dean starts drawing absent-minded circles on the back of Cas’s hand with his thumb.
Dean shrugs. “Just be friendly, I guess. Try to get her on side. Even if it means…" He makes a sort of gesture with his free arm, but it’s pretty ambiguous, so he just ends up lacing his fingers with Cas’s on the table. "… Er, yeah."
No individual is truly ‘complete’.
"I like that." Cas smiles down at his prize and strokes its back.
“No,” Cas mutters meekly. Dean pulls him against his chest, his arms forming protective bands around Cas’ body.
“Hey, guys, you decent in there?” Sam raps on the door. “I hope you’ve either talked or fucked it out by now.” He coughs through the words, keys rattling in the lock. “I’ve found some more info I think you should check out.”
The voices sound far away, like Dean’s underwater. At least he can understand them now.
That mouth, which has commanded armies and insulted Lucifer and uttered the words of God, would press against your clavicle and suck heart-shaped bruises into the juncture between your neck and shoulder. His fingers would flutter down your torso, scraping their way down your abs, across your tiny tummy, through your treasure trail, until they reached the prize at the end. You know he’d be slow about it – torturous, teasing. He has the patience of a saint, coupled with an extreme sort of intensity that you find is a massive turn on, and you have often fantasised how it would translate to sex. You imagine he’d play your body like Jimi Hendrix played his guitar; all concentrated passion. He’d make you whine much the same, too.
“Uh,” Dean starts. The words just won’t come, though; they congeal in his throat, making it hard for him to breath, and he tries to swallow and clear his throat. “Daphne,” he manages. “Daphne Novak.”
Cas walks back over to the table but doesn’t even bother to try to rejoin the conversation. He just continues to stare at Dean with a small smile playing across his lips, face cast in to half light by the candles as the shadows dance across the hollows of his face. The effect is breathtaking; Dean almost burns his hand as he pushes the ham in to the oven. And although it’s corny, and far too trite for Dean’s taste - hell, way too fucking coincidental - the song just… fits the scene perfectly. Dean suddenly feels like he’s in a really bad rom com, like canned laughter is about to spill from the speakers and a director’s gonna call ‘cut’ and the moment’s gonna be destroyed. But none of that happens. Instead, Dean is allowed to enjoy Christmas Eve with his four favourite people as a song that Dean can relate too far too much hangs hauntingly on the air long after another song begins, his eyes set to Cas’s face, snared by Cas’s own liquor-glazed gaze.
Cas can hear Dean grinding his teeth in his sleep, and he realises, in that instant, that this might possibly be the most physically intimate habit he know about him. Dean’s sleep patterns, his utter vulnerability. Cas knows those demons that plague his mind to the point that he wears his teeth while dreaming.
Cas sees him lurking in the shadows and frowns before looking away quickly.
Dean swallows whatever further words Cas might say with his own mouth. “You’re going to pay for this,” he mumbles between kisses, and Cas just hums appreciatively underneath Dean’s lips and hands and breath.
“Don’t give me the bitchface. Eat your goddamn toast.”
"We're all a tiny bit broken, Cas,” Dean says, watching the way the strands of hair trickle through his fingers. It reminds Dean of a conversation they had a while back
“Of course,” Garth says, but after a beat he grins back. “Got radioed over because of a disturbance called in by a neighbor. Said she was out walkin’ her dog when she saw the body lying in the grass on the empty lot. The Coroner’s on his way. We haven’t touched the body yet - leavin’ that up to you, Detective.”
“So er, Captain Novak, you gonna get that kisser over here and let these peepers take a gander at your Johnson?” Dean smirks, trying to break the uncomfortable intensity that has build between them. “I don’t mean to be a wolf, but…”
“We can still cook the pie,” Dean offers, using his t-shirt to clean the mess off his stomach. Cas looks simultaneously alarmed and affronted.
“Can you get some dental floss, a needle and maybe a bottle of whiskey?” Dean says, pulling away the folds of Cas’s clothing to expose crimson-smeared skin. “Need to get Bella Swan here fixed up before the Word of God-Squad get here.”
Dean tries not to make it a conscious thought, however, because actively knowing something could kill you only makes you more vulnerable, more likely to be killed. It becomes almost like a game that you’re an outside observer to, the present moment a gamble you’re not quite living.
"I'm not cooking it, Cas," Dean replies, adding the package to his shopping basket.
Now they have a home for the first time in, well, ever, and Dean wants to make the most of it. He’s never had a proper Christmas with Sam. The one he spent with Lisa started off fine, but by the end of the evening he felt the absence of other loved ones far too keenly and downed just over a fifth of whiskey before collapsing in to bed. They hadn’t even cut the Christmas cake.
Japan, he thinks indistinctly, suddenly. The Japanese must have got him. This must be Changi - he’s in
“No,” Dean says resolutely. Cas refuses to look at him, head tilted away, gaze cast somewhere at the floor behind Dean’s shoulder.
Dean's headlights catch the body as he and Sam speed down the highway towards the bunker, a flash of dirty tan material and a wide-eyed face illuminated by the bright beams. Time freezes for a moment, reality bubble-wrapped and sticky and slow, before everything snaps back to place and Sam's yelling, "Deanfuckthat's-"
“Last night, I was out of town. I came back this morning to start here at eight.”
Cas says nothing.
Dean doesn’t catch those final words because there’s another explosion. He can feel the tremors run through the earth, throwing Cas and he apart, and he feels his head hit something sharp. His neck snaps back; something cool trickles down the back of his neck.
"Hey, look at me." Cas reluctantly turns his intense blue gaze to Dean. They study each other; Dean can’t stop staring at the perfect, stupidly delicate cupid’s bow of Cas’ mouth. After a beat, Dean drags his eyes back to Cas’ and whispers: "This is us, okay, Cas? We're good."
But then Sam disappears before he can reprimand Dean, the strange flicker of his features as he changes in to something more mechanical - Sam-but-not-Sam - demands immediate attention, and all Dean’s inconsequential thoughts about sex disappear, because reality check, there are more important things than where Cas does or doesn’t stick his dick. All Dean wants, though, is a reprieve; a moment to take a breath, to collect his thoughts, to try and figure out what he needs to do. But of course he’s not granted even that, because this is his life, and there’s always a problem to be solved, people to be saved.
He just sits, face blank. Dean understands; the war doesn’t desensitize you to grief, or even death, but it teaches you how to compartmentalize, to ignore the feelings until a more appropriate situation in which to deal with them arises. If your best friend gets shot down in front of you, there’s no time to stop and cry over his dead body. You gotta keep going, ‘cause if you don’t – if you hesitate for even a moment – you’ll end up a corpse, too.
“Okay,” Castiel says, suddenly looking pleased.
8x22 Coda. Inb4 Finale destroys all headcanons. Sam locks Dean and Cas in the Bunker's dungeon so they have the opportunity to discuss 'feelings', etc.
Silence. Castiel can hear Dean breathe, the repetitious rush of air in and out of his lungs. Can feel the heat emanating off him. Can see the constellations of freckles collecting over the fine grain of his skin. He wonders what the sensation of Dean's lips pressed against his would feel like, those hands working their way in to his hair, bottle-green eyes blown black with lust as his pupils dilated.
If Dean were a good cop, he’d tell Bobby that he should be reassigned to something less personal, but Dean feels like he needs to be on this case. He needs to prove that Cas is innocent.
May 1945 - and he remembers that day. They’d been swapped in to relieve the 77ths. He and Cas were starting to get close. The Captain had mostly kept to himself until then, working quietly over wounds at night, letting the other soldiers muck around at camp but never joining in himself, and only writing the occasional letter. Just before the photo was taken, he and Dean’d been chewing candy and spam together, propped up on rocks and facing each other. Dean had said, “I entered the marine corps to pay for my brother’s college degree.” He’d paused, dug another mouthful out of the can. “Seemed like a good idea at the time.”
But Cas’s smile morphs in to a cheeky grin. “No, I resigned. I have options, now; I can either continue to work at the hospital, or apply for the open position at LAPD.”
on tumblr. I blame Chris. I'm not even sorry for this one, either.
“You’re never allowed to wear that shirt on a hunt again. Ever. Understand?” he growls in Cas’s ear. He can feel the press of Cas’s erection against his inner thigh, his own tenting his jeans obscenely. “Only on free days.”
9x03 coda. A lot of ppl were upset by the ep, so I tried to make it better by writing a couple of deancas codas.
“NO!” Dean yells, trying to scramble across the bed, pulling Cas with him. He doesn’t understand what they want, but he knows whatever it is, it must be bad; Cas has barely flinched in the face of death, yet here his is now, terrified and shattered like a child. But they’re too fast; two angels are suddenly on him, pulling him away from Cas, and he’s kicking and screaming and biting, legs and arms flailing, anything to protect his best friend, his lover. Cas goes quietly, shaking, unable to stand without support. Dean can’t move; the angels are too strong.
“Nah, it’s fine,” Dean says, trying not to let disappointment color his tone. “I’m with you on getting outta here as fast as possible.” He takes a large gulp of his beer, as if to punctuate his point. Cas just hesitates, stalling, like he doesn’t really want to go.
“What’s with the whole cop act?” Dean blurts instead as Cas turns away. There’s silence; Cas freezes for a moment, as if he’s bracing himself for something, but he doesn’t answer. Just presses some tape to the scratch on Dean’s head and levels his gaze back at Dean. Dean sighs irritably.
“Look, Sammy, thanks. I get all that, and I appreciate your input. I’m just currently more concerned with the legal side of things, since I’m not a district attorney.”
“Just what I thought,” Cas says, and backs away.
Morning sex is Dean’s favourite sort of sex. Fingertips press in to the ridges of his spine, insistent and needy, as he shifts in to a more comfortable position above Cas. It’s almost nine, and Dean can hear movement out in the corridor as Kevin gets ready to shower and Sam gets the front door open. He figures they have about twenty minutes before Sam gets back with the paper and Kevin emerges from the bathroom, so he and Cas better make the most of it.
“Do you think this blue argyle pattern suits my eyes, Dean?” He pulls out a knitted purple and turquoise monstrosity and holds it against his face. Dean mutters something unintelligible about how it would ‘suit him better if it was on the bedroom floor’. Cas just rolls his eyes and hangs the item of clothing over his arm.
Her face suddenly screws up; she she splutters, “Is this some sort of practical joke? Are you high?" And holds the paper almost tentatively away from her body, as if it might bite her.
Cas just gives him this long-suffering sidelong glance, like you’re fucking crazy, and doesn’t even laugh. He simply ignores the proposal and walks off in the direction of the clothing department.
“It was an accident,” Dean says, but he grins a little. Cas smiles back, and it’s soft, creases spilling from the corners of his eyes. It’s easy, then, for them to lean forward, two puzzle pieces sliding together, and just
“C’mon, man, don’t give me that crap. I know what it’s like. I’ve done things I’m not proud of, too. Hell, you’ve seen me at my worst.” Dean balls his hands in to fists. “I want to know how you are. Where your head’s at.”
Benny leans back in the chair, looking satisfied. Cas attempts to maintain clear composure. Dean glances between them.
"I'm not a fucking d-damsel in distress, Dean," Cas grits out, voice weak and rasping. "And I'm leaking blood all over your clothes. Get us off... off this goddamn road."
“Good morning, Detective Winchester,” Cas says at the same time as Benny mumbles, “It’s nice of you to finally join us, Dean.”
Cas’s face looks like someone just kicked a kitten. Claire looks pleased with herself. And Dean – well, Dean is goddamn pleased, but he tries not to show it. Instead, he smiles right back at her and says, “Because he hasn’t even bought me dinner.”
The air is thick and cloying, the scent of earth and blood heavy on every breath as they curl down Dean’s throat and over his tongue. It reminds him of the stench of a fetid wound. Everything exists in muted hues of grey and brown, the world an aged photograph desaturated to cooler tones, crimson splashes as he beheads enemies the only differentiation in colour in this stark world.
“I said: drop the weapon,” Cas grits out, barrel still trained on the assailant. The fedora perched on his head obscures most of his face, and he’s not wearing the usual trench coat; if it weren’t for the sound of his voice, Dean would have no idea who he was.
“Sounds like Crowley,” Dean says, and falters, because he knows he needs to ask the next question but he doesn’t really want to know the answer. “So your wife didn’t want to come tonight?”
“How are you feeling? Really,” Dean tries again, an echo of a future conversation they’ll have on a motel bed in Oklahoma weeks from now. “And don’t try and bring it back to me, or reply with a snarky retort.”
Sam raises an eyebrow.
I’m thirty-two and ordinary, living the mediocrity in the middle of suburbia with a fucking picket fence. We move together in frightening unison, our bodies a familiar landscape to one another, the silence conveying more than words could. The sex is repetitive, the conversation between our mouths and our minds and our bodies dry and grating. As I shudder against her, she begins to cry big ugly quiet tears that splash in to the chasm between our naked forms. “Dean – I - I wish I could keep you as mine…” Lisa murmurs wetly against my neck and –
. “We’ve been waiting twelve years, like you said. A few more minutes won’t hurt.”
He walks over to the Impala and leans against its hood, twisting the lid off the bottle and taking a deep swill. The golden liquid floods across his tongue and down into his mouth, warm and sharp and familiar. It’s delicious. He strokes his baby underneath him affectionately, wondering if he should take her out. Instead the energy thrumming through his veins wins out; tonight will be one of those nights that his legs control the destination. He takes another mouthful and begins to walk across the gravel and into the open fields.
“We’ll go shootin’ tomorrow anyway, if you want,” he suggests, trying to provoke some sort of verbal reaction out of Cas. Cas turns to look at him then, the edge of his mouth quirking up on a smile - and god he looks ridiculous in that hat. Like one of Santa’s lost elves. The big white pom-pom is even dangling in his eyes, and Dean’s half tempted to tug it out of the way.
in Eastern Europe.
Cas just huffs and rolls his eyes.
Silence. The woman just stares at him open mouthed.
Dean frowns, taking Cas’ hand in his own for reassurance. “Hey, now, no angels are coming. They’re all gone. You’re safe with me.” He presses a kiss to Cas’ damp forehead. Cas immediately pulls away.
Dean laughs, not unkindly.
“Shouldn’t we be discussing this when you’re feeling better?”
Benny stands, pushing his hat back on his head and adjusting his suit jacket. “Good day, Dr. Novak,” he says, and promptly leaves the room. Dean glances guiltily at Benny’s retreating figure before scribbling his number and address on a piece of paper and handing it across the desk. Now Benny’s left the room, Cas looks sort of hollow, kind of a little like he’s crumpling in on himself.
As soon as Cas mentions having sex with someone who isn’t Dean, it hurts.
“Hey, idjits.” A gruff voice filters through the door in front of them. “Stop bloody goofin’ off and get in here already. I ain’t got all day.”
Dean kisses whatever skin he can reach in response.
Dean hastily heading towards the cashier to pay for the groceries. He drops a fifty on the counter, mutters, "include the lobster", grabs the bag, and hot foots it right out of there.
He’s stuck at one now, fighting the urge to tug the stupid red santa hat from his head and stomp out angrily. Crowley organised it, of course, which means that he’s tried to make it ironic as possible: the entire room is decked out in tinsel and the most incredibly kitsch decorations Dean thinks he’s ever seen. Everyone’s sporting angel-and-demon themed headgear, too, which makes it worse - Dean’s hat has tiny little devil’s horns that dangle just above his ears. Garth also put too much vodka in the punch, so not only does it taste like crap, but those who are drinking it are getting progressively drunker very quickly. And to top it off the hot new attorney he’s been admiring for weeks hasn’t shown up yet. Regardless, Dean grits his teeth and takes another swill from his beer bottle, because he promised Charlie he’d play wingman. She’s over with Jo at her desk now now, inevitably whispering about Dorothy, sending furtive glances in Dorothy’s direction as she chats idly to Benny. Dean rolls his eyes and considers his other options: Bobby’s nursing a glass of vile punch and talking very animatedly to Rufus in the corner; Garth is dancing very poorly with Aaron by the water cooler; and Bella is trying to chat up two men and a woman simultaneously. So it’s like a normal day at the office, really.
Dean takes a moment to process this; Cas fidgets uncomfortably. Then suddenly he’s off the bed and dragging the chair over to sit next to Dean, heat in his gaze that trickles through to his words, hands twisting in Dean’s hospital gown. “I did it, all of it, for you,” he says, grip tightening, words hissing their way through his teeth. “Do you know how hard it was for me to intentionally lose contact with you? If I hadn’t, you would have wound up dead. Look at Daphne. I couldn’t protect her and I couldn’t protect you.” He’s shaking, now, barely repressed emotion leaking to the surface. “After all we’d been through in Japan, to return to Washington to find that I was stationed in the same city as you was… awful.”
"Cas!" he yells in to the darkness. The moon is a heavy orb low in the sky, protected by wispy clouds. Milky light refracts awkwardly off the landscape. The world is fuzzy and too bright as he stumbles up in a half-jog up to the bitumen, Sam breathing heavily behind him.
Cas leaves the phone on the bed and takes a shower, spending longer than he should under the scalding water, turning it off only when his skin is a bright, angry red and the pads of his fingers are wrinkled and numb. He returns to the bedroom and finds an old shirt of Dean’s and some underwear before lying back against the headboard of his bed. Everything smells like Dean, now, and it’s a painful sort of comfort. Taking the phone, he presses Dean’s number in to the keypad and taps out a short message. He deletes it once the message is sent and sets the cell on the beside table before turning off the light and falling in to a restless slumber.
Benny enquires at the reception desk whether a Dr. Castiel Novak is working today, and the nurse points them in the direction of the ER. Dread pools low in Dean’s gut in juxtaposition to the anticipation building along the edge of his nerves. He’s skittish, uncomfortable, and not even listening to Julie London’s sugarsweet voice on the way over had settled his unease.
The field is exactly what Dean wanted – a good fifteen miles from any form of civilization with excellent sightlines in to the surrounding forest – and they reach it in the five minutes he expected it would take to push through the shrubbery.
“But that’s not sanitary.”
"I suppose, technically, we met because of God in a barn in Pontiac, Illinois," Cas continues. He loads his fork up with another tiny piece before adding cheerfully: “Dean stabbed me."
Cas does nothing.
The office is small and barely furnished. A long tan trenchcoat hangs on a rack by the door. Cas has few personal effects except for two framed pictures on the wall, one of a pretty woman with bright red hair standing next to a much younger Cas, and another that is unmistakably Daphne. Dean feels sick.
It probably doesn’t.
“House or work?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel mumbles, frozen in a half-roll off the bed. His breath huffs out over Dean’s upper lip.
Dean grimaces. “Do what he says, Cas.”
“You got shot,” Cas says flatly. “I’m your doctor.”
,” he says, realisation dawning. He shrugs out of the coat, letting the tan material flutter to the floor.
“Yes. It’s by Robert Herrick, I believe. Um… ‘To the Virgins’. That’s it. I have a book of his poetry, if you’re interested.”
"The first part was obvious," Cas huffs, because he’s an irritable little shit. Dean rolls his eyes. “So do we have a plan?"
“I have some… supplies,” Cas says. He’s holding a washcloth and a bottle of disinfectant. “Can I…?”
Dean lets out a shaky laugh. “Yeah. I hope you don’t mind. Bit short on beds.”
Charlie sighs irritably. “Shut up. I mean with Cas.”
Definitely the best $2 investment Dean has ever made.
You may forever tarry.
Dean approaches the room warily and stands outside the door before he enters.
, and Dean thinks it might be one of the most untrue statements he’s ever made. "It's the tragedy of the human condition."
Virginity.
“Bela,” he says stonily. “What do you want?”
Charlie rolls her eyes, but she’s smart enough to lower her voice until it’s barely above a whisper. “I’m okay with it, Dean, and I’ve seen the way you look at each other. You two are not just good friends.”
“It’s not gonna hurt me. I figured I should bring it here first because it could be evidence for somethin’.”
“It’s a bum rap,” he says quietly. “We’ve got bubkis. We have to let him go, Benny.”
Dean startles, looking up, hands slipping on the trousers. Cas’s intense blue stare rakes across Dean’s face. Dean freezes; having the angel back with him, feeling Cas’s muscles shift beneath his palms, watching the colour of a Kansas summer sky play across Cas’s irises, is borderline too much. It’s like drinking after days without water.
Too much to say and not enough all at once.
“More,” Dean says. Cas pushes in a second fingertip as he makes needy keening noises around the shaft of Dean’s dick. “Jesus
he’ll reply, ending the first of many text conversations to come.
“Just drive, Sammy,” Dean mutters, using a bloodied hand to sweep the hair back from Castiel’s forehead. The car stinks of fresh blood, sweet and metallic like rust after rain, and Dean knows that it will take days to properly clean the upholstery. He doesn’t even care.
Cas eyes him warily. “Daphne had nothing to do with it. She got caught up accidentally.”
He’s not sure if he says the name out loud, though, because he has a face full of dirt and he hit his head as he went down. There’s deadweight on his back. His ears are ringing. He registers - somewhat belatedly, he thinks, the thought drifting fleetingly across his consciousness - that the pain in his shoulder is now merely a dull throb. His thoughts are difficult to connect in to liner patterns; it’s like he’s underwater and running out of oxygen, lights flashing behind his eyelids, the surface too far away to reach, and he’s floating on the current, pressure building, and, and -
"A job," he says. "Here." He pulls a wrinkled newspaper sheet from inside his tan coat and brandishes it at the woman, pointing at an article. "It says, 'History of Theology Lecturer required. Must have significant experience and knowledge regarding religion.’ It proceeds to mention this educational institution.”
If others can forgive him, maybe, in time, Dean thinks he might be able to forgive himself.
“Um, Cas,” Dean eventually mumbles against Cas’s mouth, “I feel like we’re a bit of a cliché standing here with all this snow falling. It’s like a scene from a Christmas Special.”
meets
“Still think I’m dreaming,” Dean mumbles into Cas’ holy tax accountant pants a few moments later. He smells like cinnamon and earth and the world after it rains.
A beat.
“Your soul is so bright, Dean. It’s incredible. Like a small sun.”
Dean pushes Cas’s hand away roughly before hitting the power button, turning the stereo off. He slams his opposite fist against the dash. Cas doesn’t even flinch.
“Why should I trust you?” Dean retorts. “You could be whistling fucking Dixie for all I know. ‘Femme Fatale’, all right. I don’t put innocent men away just ‘cause.”
Castiel doesn’t respond.
“Yeah,” Dean replies, shifting to a more comfortable position and tilting his head up, staring straight at the hard edge of Cas’s jaw. It’s dusted with a five o’clock shadow, bronzed skin dark in the half-light.
He’s tried to address his implication in Cas’s actions when Cas and he have been partnered, but Cas simply beckons Benny over and requests that they swap positions. And again, when Benny is hunting for food, but Cas just ignores him then, too, peering off in to the distance, maintaining watch. It’s driving Dean fucking crazy.
I’m thirty-six and tired, so fucking tired, my memories a relentless movie reel in my mind as I struggle through the days, waiting to die with each drag on a cigarette that chisels off a further eleven minutes of wasted life. But he’s quiet and intense and a splash of warmth in the cold wastes of my future, full cock-sucking lips and innocent baby blues. My best friend. He reminds me of fifteen year old me losing my virginity in a parking lot, and he gazes up at me with wonder as our bodies slide together in the dead light of morning. I try to remember what being so oblivious was like, life still filled with chance and possibility, but I come up with naught and instead press kisses against his inner thigh. “You’re mine, Castiel,” I mouth against his skin, and I want to carve the words into his bones and etch them into each of his heartbeats because I’m thirty-six and finally think I’ve found my salvation in the arms of a fallen angel who looks at me like I’m the sun.
Sam makes no comment and just slouches in afterwards.
A smile tugs at the corner of Castiel’s lips. “Admittedly, Crowley played the ‘mandatory attendance or instant dismissal’ card, or I’d be at home watching Dr. Sexy reruns.”
Dean shakes his head. “Not like this.” He’s struggling to reconcile the image of the man he knew – tall; bronzed skin; a shock of dark hair that never lay flat, no matter how much brylcreem and comb Cas squeezed in to it - with the sort of person who would slash his own wife’s throat. He can’t. “Unless there was good reason,” he concedes, looking away at the perfect, American, wet dream houses that line the block. It’s like a fucking scene from
Dean seriously begins to consider how he can make a surreptitious escape when he feels someone press against his shoulder.
“Of course. No one is beyond redemption, Dean.”
Charlie frowns. “World of Warcraft has nothing to do with this.”
However first he has some other shit to sort out with Cas. So far, though, he’s been unsuccessful.
Castiel pulls a bag of 'rotini' into his basket because he likes the look of the little spirals. "Okay." He pauses. "Thank you. I uh... love you."
“Cas?” he says. The angel doesn’t reply, eyelids half closed. Dean presses damp kisses again Cas’ mouth, trying to breath the life back into him. Cas stirs, blinking, looking up at Dean with that penetrating gaze.
“No,” Dean says, stepping aside, moving back in to the open space in the center of the room. It’s cold in here; he can see his breath collect on the air in front of him with every exhale.
, the rest of the world forgotten. Cas deftly works on the buttons at the front of Dean’s shirt like it’s his life’s mission to get Dean out of his clothes while Dean works on the buckle of Cas’s belt. Dean slides off the sink so he can get his own pants off, everything ending up in a pile on the floor, both men standing in only their underwear.
Castiel continues to frown across at him, and Dean groans: “C’mon, am I dreaming?”
is unspoken, but it hangs in the air between them regardless. They sort of stand there for a moment instead, Dean uncomfortable, Cas glancing around at the pictures on the walls. The sound of the radio filters through the air, the dull static buzz of some broadcast drama that Dean has no interest in. A car wheezes asthmatically to a start somewhere up the street. It’s kind of surreal, having Cas stand in his front hall – a piece of his past in present context.
Cas turns and just squints up at Sam, face set in his usual, ‘I am a millennia old; what the fuck do you think?’ expression. Dean’s damn glad that someone else is on the receiving end of it for once.
“I didn’t kill her, though,” Cas says quietly in to the dark room, and it almost sounds like an aborted prayer. “I’m sorry. I’m not even sure why I came here, really; I know it’s entirely inappropriate. I suppose I just… currently have few people I can rely on.”
You haven’t seen him in three weeks, and you’ve been driven to drunken shower fantasies.
Dean sighs irritably and rolls over onto his other side.
“It was the first type of gun I ever owned. Got one when I was twelve.” Dean’s uncomfortable now – it’s been almost a minute, and Cas still hasn’t said anything. He swallows. “Dad said that it could be hidden easily.”
The silence stretches, thick and uncomfortable, before Cas says softly: “How?”
Dean looks out the window and to the street beyond, mulling it over, before glancing at Bobby’s bookshelf. “It must be from Daphne’s killer. I know this - it’s a poem. I can’t remember what, though.”
Except it’s not a rifle, it’s a revolver, and the shadows are walls, not hills. Concrete, solid and safe, rests under his feet. He breathes in inner-city air. A flicker of movement in front of him indicates that his target, dressed in a long coat and a fedora, is hiding in the darkness as it bleeds across the pavement. No uncomfortable canvas uniform, either; just the shirt he put on when he woke up this morning and the weight of his usual wool pea coat.
Dean watches him carefully, eyes never leaving his face. It gives Castiel the courage to continue. He exhales.
Cas is going through all this now. Dean can see it in the set of Cas’s jaw and the angle of his spine and his downcast gaze and it
focus on right now, or more lives will be lost), they’ve had no engagements whilst heading back towards a base. It was only a matter of time.
worthy
“What about gang-related?” Benny asks.
“Charlie, sorry to sink your ship or whatever, but queer relationships aren’t exactly considered cool, alright? If anyone found out…”
Aiming his own gun, he fires at the group. His shot hits Alastair in the shoulder, disarming him, Alastair’s shot going wide. Lucifer sees Dean then, of course, and that’s when chaos breaks out.
He undoes the ties around Dean’s wrist before swiftly replacing them with a set of his own, obviously concerned that Dean might try something. Settling back on his heels, he whispers in Dean’s ear, “These should snap when enough pressure is applied.” He presses his mouth against Dean’s, then, lightly, more a drag of lip than a proper kiss. “When you hear gunshots, run. The only exit is the one over there, but no one should notice. Please trust me.”
“Cas said there was a guy in the office who blares classic rock after hours - too loudly - when he thinks everyone has left, and plays video games in his lunchbreak.”
Cas and Dean are shopping at the grocers when Cas sees a live lobster in a tank.
“Uh, yeah. I mean, I think so. The dude’s name was Novak, and there can’t be too many Novaks in LA.”
“Yes, I do. My husband, Jack, and our two daughters,” she says warmly.
Dean makes a face. “What happened?” he says, picking the glass of water off the table beside the bed.
Cas huffs irritably. “Crowley found the angel tablet.”
Dean comes immediately when he sees Cas’s hand wrap around his own cock, stroking himself in time with his bobbing head. It’s too much; he tries to let Cas know, but Cas just keeps sucking like it’s his life’s mission to suck Dean’s brain out his dick. His orgasm slams in to him. Cas grins at him, mouth well fucked and swollen and bright red, hair mussed and sticking up at all angles.
“No, I was going to say dreamy, but damn. His kid?”
“As well as a ‘Warrior of Heaven’, ‘Preventer of the Apocalypse’ and ‘Dean Winchester’s Personal Guardian Angel’?”
Dean felt like the opposite of a hero, though. The high of returning to see family could only last so long. No-one understood, back home – they didn’t know the horrors he’d seen, what he’d done himself, what baggage he carried as a result. He couldn’t talk about it, and instead went through the motions of everyday life without really
Sighing into his pillow, he wonders idly if he still has that bottle of Jack stuffed in his duffle, hidden away from Sam’s sad, disappointed girl eyes. Dude always had an issue with Dean’s drinking, just as he had with Dad’s. At least Dean’s not a moody, violent drunk – more the introspective sort. Sam really can’t complain. If Dean wants to drown his demons in alcohol, that’s his business.
Sam huffs and leans back in his chair, twisting his head away.
The 'end call' button is hit before Dean can reply. He's not sure if he'll ever get used to saying those words quite so easily.
“You’re an awful teacher,” Cas moans, trying to press his ass up into Dean’s groin. “Or maybe too good – I’m not sure yet.”
The next morning, Charlie arrives on time and Garth slightly late. Since they don’t have a proper fireplace in the bunker, Dean’s purchased a gas heater with a fake flame, which creates almost the same ambience. The food is excellent; Dean’s cheeks are bright crimson by the end of the meal, as no one can stop moaning around mouthfuls and complimenting his cooking. Even Sam manages to get in to the swing of things, despite his earlier grumblings. They all look ridiculous in their christmas cracker hats as they read the terrible jokes hidden inside and drink way too much alcohol. They sing Merry Christmas and Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer (“I definitely relate to Rudolf,” Cas says, oblivious to the awkwardness the comment creates) and Silent Night. But they’re all happy - no one’s talking about the end of the world, no one’s life is in immediate danger, no one’s too caught up in trouble to appreciate the moment.
Dean pushes his plate away, makes a display of stretching his arms and pulling away from Cas, and stands up. “Well, thanks much for this. The cake was delicious. I think we’ve got all we need though, now, Cas. We’ve gotta make that um, tux fitting appointment by three and uh, the florist stuff by four.”
“You’re not more concerned about the tablet?” Cas cocks his head, fingers picking at the makeshift bandages around his middle.
Creepy and patronising much, Dean thinks, but he shrugs and says, “Why not.”
Dean’s had little to do with Lucifer, but he knows a few of the guys in Vice are in cahoots with him, profiting from illegal shipments of morphine. He uses Alistair to do most of his dirty work, and his brother, Michael, is top of the brass at LAPD. Lilith is a force to be reckoned with herself. Lucifer is a phony name, a play on the fact that his brother’s name is ‘Michael’, but no one dares speaks his real one. Rumor has it that he’s spent the last ten years in Russia, learning from the
“Fucking g-men,” Lucifer spits. Alastair flanks him, as per usual, and a bunch of other gues Dean Doesn’t recognise. “The Angels of Los Angeles against a group of ‘Demons’. Couldn’t get more poetic, could it, brother?”
Dean tries to teach Cas to drive.
“Sam or Kevin might hear, Dean, we can’t do this here,” he whispers, and Dean just rises to press his mouth against Cas’s again, moving his hands lower to pull at those tighty-whities. Cas’s hands drop to Dean’s soft tummy and his fingertips rasp against the hair there, his thumbs pressing against the pressure of Dean’s hardening cock through Dean’s jeans. Dean groans, low and needy.
“So Sam thought that I could give myself to you this Christmas.”
Tension bleeds from Cas' body the longer Dean holds him. Too soon, he rolls off Dean to lay beside him, those blue eyes fixed on the ceiling. He touches Dean's wrist with light fingertips. "I just never thought we'd be here. Never thought I could have --" Cas’ hand folds as he presses closer into Dean's side. Softly, like some kind of confession, he says: "Now all I want is for it to be good for you."
He clears his throat.
Bobby sighs irritably. “You’ve got way too much enthusiasm for me, boy,” he says, pulling out a page from the stack on his desk. “Looks like we might have another domestic murder. A body was called in not ten minutes ago. Female, late twenties, found in an empty housing lot up on Turner Street. Reporting officer was Fitzgerald. I need you to go do your thing up there, all right? High Brass have already been bangin’ on about keeping this on the down low, ‘cause we don’t need more media snoopin’ and trying to rile the public up any more than they already have been, so try and be subtle about it. God knows I don’t need Michael or Zachariah breathing down my neck.”
You can feel the blood rushing to your dick immediately.
He’d time it so you came together; he’d groan around your dick and suck it to the back of his throat with his own release, swallowing all he could. You’d double over and worry that your knees would give out. Eventually, your soft dick would slip from between his lips, and he’d rest his forehead against your stomach for a few moments, gathering himself, before you’d help him up and pull his head against your chest. You’d hold him there, stroking, whispering sweet nothings incoherently in to his skin, until the water ran cold.
Cas lazily fires off four shots, easily hitting each of the cans dead center like he spends his free time shooting bullets. He turns back around and sets that penetrating blue gaze back on Dean. “You’re immensely attractive when you’re handling a firearm, Dean. Also when you’re instructing me. I couldn’t help myself.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitches. “Help me up?”
In a breath of wind, a beating of wings, Dean is free.
“Has she ever had sex with another man?”
eyes meeting his own. It’s so good because it’s
“I used to wonder why the world doesn’t just stop when someone close to me dies,” Dean says later, when Cas has pulled on his trench coat and is standing in the doorway, framed by the streetlight, looking almost like some sort of angel. Perhaps he is. “How can everybody else not be mourning that loss? People just continue with their lives while your own world collapses. It doesn’t make sense.”
“Oops,” Dean mumbles against Cas’s mouth before he’s pulling away to lick a long line down Cas’s abs. He drags his tongue across the smooth, undulating planes, thumbing below Cas’s pantline with his own sticky fingers as his hands sweep behind Cas to grip his lower back. Drawing his hands back around, he flicks the buckle of Cas’s belt undone and pulls Cas’s dress pants down. They snag at Cas’s feet, and Cas does an awkward, ungraceful hop to untangle his legs. Dean laughs. He grasps Cas’s waist with his hands and curls around Cas’s body, pressing his mouth against the now exposed skin of his lower back, licking a long line down below Cas’s underwear. Cas shivers, grunting in protest.
For Christmas, Dean buys Castiel a gun.
“Dean Winchester, you’re one of the smartest men I know, but sometimes, you can be exceedingly stupid.” Charlie huffs in mock irritation. “The man clearly desires the good ‘ol Winchester rifle. The way he looks at you, you’d think he and Daphne never slept together, and I know you and Lisa aren’t really together.”
They wake up every day knowing that the odds are stacked against them, that this morning could be their last.
Alcohol inhibiting Dean’s control over his thoughts, he thinks that Cas – in this moment - might be the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
He’s alone again.
There’s another gunshot at the same time. Dean feels a body land on top of his, heavy and hard. He struggles under the weight. It’s too late, though; the bullet sinks in to Dean’s stomach. Pain shoots through his entire body.
"Really, Cas? You got me worried over a grocery list?"
“Yes,” Cas says, pulling the gun from its box and flicking off the safety latch. Dean had demonstrated how to load it with the tiny bullets the night before, pointing out the various parts of the gun and how they worked, ignoring Castiel’s protests of, “I know, Dean. I watched them invent the fucking things.” Dean had almost told him to go and wash his mouth out with soap and water by the end – Cas’s language had been that bad. Who knew an ex-angel of the lord could be so creative with a language that wasn’t even his own.
As Cas is leaving the Bunker, Dean thrusts a box in to his hands. It weighs about a pound, is distinctly square, and is wrapped in pink paper covered in rainbow unicorns. Cas looks up questioningly.
The first time they have sex it's awkward, and messy, and entirely not what Dean was expecting.
I'm not American, so I just picked Wal-Mart because I know they sell a lot of things (when I was in the states, I never made it to any of the stores). Inspired by an exchange with one of my friends. Thank you to angelwingsandgunfire on tumblr for beta-ing it for me, since my usual beta actually sleeps (unlike me).
Cas pushes them further up the bed, but doesn't seem quite sure what to do with his limbs. He's trying to undo Dean's shirt, fingers fumbling on the second button, and nearly knees Dean in the balls in the process. Dean's so aroused he can barely see, but flinches away and says, "Woah, easy there, Casanova." He's surprised by the rawness in his tone; he sounds almost as desperate and wanting as he feels.
“Leviathan!” Benny yells, interrupting the exchange, stumbling towards Dean and Cas from between the trees. The two flinch, breaking apart like guilty teenagers caught in the act of doing something illicit. Dean quickly draws his axe, whispering to Cas “We’ll talk later, okay” and squeezing his shoulder.
“Should we…” Cas says. Dean swallows, his dick growing even harder as his gaze rakes over Cas’s body. He’s gained back the weight he lost during the war and is now covered by lean muscle. Hair swirls from his navel down to the clean V of his hips, and there’s a damp patch where the tip of his cock is straining at his underwear. He flushes under Dean’s gaze. He’s gorgeous.
“Yeah.” Dean takes another bite of cake. Chews contemplatively. Swallows. “So how old are your daughters?”
Cas laughs, and it’s a short, surprised sound. “You are utterly ridiculous,” he says, but he steps forward. “And only if you make a pass at me first.”
“Dragon Age? The names on your shirt? Honestly.”
Shit. Dean immediately realizes that he’s gonna have to ham it up a bit if this is going to work. He sends a silent prayer of apology to Cas before tugging him closer.
“Duly noted?” Cas manages to say through a moan in to Dean’s mouth.
“Start from after Purgatory, Cas,” Dean whispers in to his mug, taking another gulp. “There’s no need to run any more. You’re home now. We can get through this together, no more of this saving-the-world-alone, hero complex bullshit, you hear me?”
“But you can’t.” Cas’ voice is thick with emotion.
The first clue comes in the form of a letter sent to Central a month after Daphne’s death.
“Fantasized about that mouth since I first saw you,” Dean says, voice thick with arousal. “Not gonna lie.”
Time congeals, thick and viscous. Everything slows. The sound of his too-fast heartbeat and the air scraping against his throat as he draws shallow breaths are both far louder than they should be. Until -
– and –
“Ew,” Charlie wrinkles her nose before smiling back at him.
“I think I’m right with food. You could put on some music?”
Cas pulls away, breathless, lips bitten and wine red, eyes glazed, pupils blown wide. “You’re so beautiful,” he says reverently, almost like he doesn’t realize he’s saying the words out loud. Dean clenches his jaw and swallows. Unable to pull his eyes from Cas’, he’s mesmerized by blue, blue, too much blue; endless midwestern summer skies. Cas’ fingers start to tug against the zipper of Dean’s pants as his mouth trails wet, messy kisses down Dean’s chest. It’s almost too much and not enough at once as Cas breathes against Dean’s cock, still trapped in his underwear. Cas reaches for Dean’s nipples, and Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been this turned on in his entire life, hands fisting against the sheets and his body arching off the mattress into Cas’ touch.
Cas huffs out an awkward, frustrated laugh and looks uncharacteristically self-conscious as he hovers over Dean.
It comes in a whisper; a puff of air against Dean's cheek. The loaded syllable feels like a bullet shooting from the barrel of his mouth.
More silence; Cas doesn’t breathe. His lungs ache.
“It has.” Cas’s eyes narrow as they dart up and down Dean’s body, cataloguing. There’s nothing sexual about it - it’s totally clinical, but it makes Dean’s hair stand up nonetheless. Cas almost smiles before his gaze shifts to Benny, and suddenly he draws his shoulders back, bristling as the warmth in his expression evaporates. “This is… unexpected.”
“It’s been fucking weeks, dude. You can’t go all
Cas does nothing.
“Ben’s asleep and Lisa’s at work,” Dean says after about a minute, trying to fill the almost-silence. “So I have the house to myself tonight.”
He steps in to the room, gaze landing on a very disgruntled Cas, covered in flour and arms deep in a metal bowl. “The
the feelings taunted,
“Are you okay, Cas?” Dean says as soon as they close the door behind them. Cas peers up and down the concrete lane. It’s wide enough to fit a car, the next building a good eight feet away, more like a drive than an alley.
“C’mon, Cas. We’re gonna teach you to drive.”
“Look what the cat dragged in,” a flirtatious female voice with an unmistakable British lilt whispers in his ear as soon as the waiter leaves. Dean represses the urge to groan.
Dean nods, looking satisfied. “Perfect. Now it’s just presents and food.” He strides off with a green box caught under his arm, head held high, moving easily through the crowds of people. Sam dodges a five year old in a bright pink dress throwing a tantrum over tinsel and hurries to catch up.
It sounds as if his breaths are being torn out of him, grinding against his trachea. Like juggernauts grinding to a stop.
"Come with me, both of you," he says finally, rising from his chair, "I want to show you something." He gestures down the hall. Dean and Cas both startle, Sam's voice pulling them from their reveries, and tentatively stand.
“It is a legitimate concern.”
“But they can’t confirm that you were where you say you were at the time the murder likely occurred.”
“Whatever, Captain,” Dean mutters, and hangs up.
Cas clearly doesn’t pick up on the sarcasm because his mouth quirks in a small smile, like he’s done a Good Thing. Dean’s stomach flops.
Times still succeed the former.
Cas’s skin is hot and velvety under Dean’s hands, stubble rough but not unpleasant as it grazes his palm. Breaths are shared as Dean leans further into Cas, desperate to edge closer as his thumb hooks under the bolt of Cas’s jaw. Cas’s mouth stretches into a grin under his pinkies. He smells like cinnamon and coffee and earth, sweet and slightly spicy. Dean can almost taste it on the air as he inhales open-mouthed.
Mostly, you can control it. Push all thoughts of him to the periphery of your consciousness. Mention him only casually in a throwaway comments, like “he was an okay guy”, even when “okay” doesn’t even begin to describe what he is. But you can’t even admit that much to yourself, most of the time.
“Yeah,” Dean says, his voice catching. He shifts his weight, shuffles his feet, looks to the floor and back up from under his brow. “It’s been a while.”
It happens in the grocery store.
scrawled across the bottom of the paper.
“Perfect,” Claire says. “You’ve managed to do what you came here to do, Cas – placate your boss and get the number of the hot guy you’ve been pining after for weeks - so can we go now, please?”
I’m thirty-five and alone, stretched across a motel bed as the nameless girl beside me sucks my cock lazily into the heat of her mouth. It’s vile and cheap; I feel worse than I did before the sex as she licks me clean - something shrivelling and dying inside me with each press of her tongue - until I ache with a feeling unknown. I press the cash into her palm and she re-buttons her shirt, the mesmerising orbit of her hips the last thing I remember as I slip into a dreamless slumber and –
Footsteps echo quietly through the corridor leading to the room, like the person’s trying to quiet, and Dean is immediately on alert. He shuffles back and lies down across the floor, ignoring the cold concrete as it presses against his back.
He hates the crowds. He hates the decorations. He hates the materialism, the carols, the frenzy. And he especially hates work Christmas parties.
Cas exhales irritably, finally turning the force of that blue gaze on Dean. Dean relaxes his grip and proceeds to tug the ridiculous trench coat off Cas’s shoulders.
"So how did you two meet?"
The next morning, when Dean’s pulling on his clothes, he sees the piece of paper tucked in his jacket pocket. It’s dirty and the ink is slightly smudged now, but the words are still legible. He hands it to Cas.
Cas knew what Dean had done, though – had watched with his own eyes – and Dean wasn’t sure he could face that now he was trying to ease back in to his old life. He’d prefer to remain a coward, considered a hero by friends and family. Cas just melted out of Dean’s life as easily as he’d slipped in and worked his way between the cracks of everything Dean thought he knew, and Dean resented him for it, just a little bit. That grew in to almost hatred for a little while, until Dean realized that it was misguided anger better aimed at the war. At himself. Because that was what he was really furious at, what he really hated. There’s always been a fine line between hatred and love, both intense passions dictated by sentiment, and if Dean really didn’t care for Cas any more, he’d feel nothing. Anger meant he felt too much.
Soon it becomes too much, and Dean presses his mouth against Cas’s, palms sliding down Cas’s body and over the smooth planes of his chest, his stomach, tongue licking at the seam of Cas’s lips.
He swears loudly, pinching the bridge of his nose and exhaling out his mouth. The fuckers. It’s his second warning in twenty-four hours.
“Don’t even fucking think about it,” Dean growls, slamming the door shut before moving back around the car. He eases in to the passenger seat. Cas is already hunched forward, both hands on the wheel at ten and two o’clock, keys stuck in the ignition. He twists them as soon as Dean is buckled in, and the engine hums to life. Cas glances over, looking petulant and irate, hair mussed over the tight lines of his face. Dean ignores him.
“Look, Cas, I just…”
“Er, a little help, here?” Dean mutters, trying to break the tension, feeling overexposed as he lies on his back in the middle of the fucking Men of Letter’s Bunker kitchen with Cas looking so serious. Literally in the blink of an eye, Cas is clean and re-clothed except for the tie and coat. He helps Dean off the counter, passes him his clothes, and looks wistfully over at the silver bowl still sitting on the kitchen bench.
“Yeah, but catching dope fiends isn’t half as ace as being a detective. I feel badass, like I’m The Batman - an unsung hero, fighting my way through serial killers and murderers on the streets of LA.”
Bela laughs, and Dean doesn’t miss the way that it catches Charlie’s attention. Her eyes dart up and down Bella’s body as her conversation with Sam ends abruptly. Huh.
Follows the events at the end of 8x21.
“You’re working the Daphne Novak case, right? I’m here to warn you. Get out. Now. This is way bigger than you or me, Dean. Leave it as a domestic; arrest Castiel Novak tomorrow on a murder charge. Don’t go poking where your nose oughtn’t be.”
“I’m so sorry, Cas, but…” he pauses. Feels his expression soften. “It was Daphne.”
“You two are like an old married couple,” Charlie comments, breaking the tension.
“It’s the guy’s first Christmas as a human, Dean; we have to do something,” Sam had said the week earlier because he’s stupidly sentimental like that, so Dean had hotwired a pickup and gone tree picking with a chainsaw. Sam had not been impressed. He’d almost ripped Dean a new one, raving about how he was a bad example for Cas. Dean had yelled at him for being implying that Cas was fucking twelve years old and couldn’t make his own judgements. “I took it back!” He’d concluded. “I wouldn’t wanna ruin anyone’s Christmas because they’d had their piece of shit Toyota stolen.”
"I'm sorry," he says softly, looking away. "I'm not, you know ..."
christmas challenge, and posted
"Cas?" Dean’s voice is sleep rough and heavy, like he’s spent the last three hours sucking on cotton balls. His first instinct is to reach for the gun kept in the drawer beside his bed. "Everything okay?"
Dean removes one of his hands from Cas’ hip, moving it to the dark strands of hair that curl with sweat down Cas's neck, and
The words are his, and they’re the realest thing he’s ever said.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is sleep roughen and husky. Whiskey and smoke. He pulls away from Cas and stretches, thin t-shirt riding up over the V of his hips to reveal a line of skin and hair, and Castiel’s breathing hitches.
“Do I want to know how that pie came to exist in our living area, Dean?” Sam says, eyeing the pie warily. “Please tell me that there’s such thing as a domestic fairy and that she’s blessed us?”
And to top his anxiety off, he hasn’t heard from Cas in weeks - which means he can’t stop thinking about that damned angel in the ridiculous trench coat.
“I’d rather tackle a mythic raid under-geared. Can’t I just go home?”
Cas answers “five years" at the same time Dean answers “eight months".
“You’re a little shit,” Dean says. This earns him another filthy look. “Keep one foot on the clutch and the other on the accelerator. We’re not getting out of this friggin’ car until you can drive her home.”
“No collateral yet?” a rough voice asks dryly. Dean feels his stomach roll uncomfortably. He laughs.
“Your flaws are what make you. Perfection is irritating as all hell – just look at the rest of the friggin’ God Squad. Without your faults, you wouldn’t have rebelled against Heaven and stopped the apocalypse twice and saved Sam and me all those times. You might’ve come off with a crack, Cas, but you turned it in to something better."
It takes him about ten minutes to walk to Cas’s house. It’s an average sized home set a way back from the street, painted powder blue with an immaculate front lawn and a white picket fence and neatly pruned rosebushes that line the front path. One car remains in the driveway, which suggests that someone’s home, but Dean can see no movement inside. He knocks lightly on the door before moving around to the side of the house to observe. He waits about two minutes. No one answers.
Dean immediately sees the source of the noise; Cas has managed to knock half the dry goods from the pantry on to the kitchen floor, and there’s god knows what trailed halfway across the linoleum.
over some poor kid’s life, and Dean didn’t feel like he had the right to that responsibility. But Cas had been okay, because he was Dean’s commanding officer, and Dean couldn’t order him in to near-suicidal situations. They got along easily, pushed each other to be better people. Used their affection for each other as strength rather than a weakness.
“Exactly,” Dean grins. “Here’s my card.”
If Benny thought that Dean and Cas’s initial exchange was unusual, he doesn’t say anything. Instead he fishes in his pocket and pulls out his LAPD badge, flashing it at Cas. “LAPD Homicide, Doctor Novak. I’m Detective Lafitte, and my partner is Detective Winchester. We’re here to investigate an incident that occurred early this morning. If you take a seat, we can explain the deal is.”
Overall, the interview goes pretty well, all things considered.
The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,
“You’re on, kid.”
“Oh,” Dean replies, laughter dying. “So you um, didn’t forget the pie.” He feels like this is significant, somehow. Something warm pools low in his gut.
Cas shifts until he can look up at Dean, and he rolls his eyes, huffing. Dean pushes himself up on one elbow and presses his lips against the corner of Cas’ mouth. Cas returns the gesture by tilting his head and kissing Dean back; Dean moans into Cas’ mouth. Cas keeps making these little keening noises as they kiss; tiny, unconscious whines from the back of his throat. It drives Dean crazy. They kiss slowly with no intent until they’re both lying on their sides, Cas’ hands pressing at Dean’s tummy under his shirt and Dean’s hands on Cas' ass.
“Not initially. I have phoned one - Balthazar is on his way.”
Cas looks reluctant, but he settles on the edge of Dean’s bed anyway. He sighs and rubs his forehead. “I’m a fed. I’ve been here, undercover, for the last year.”
“Shut up, Growley,” Charlie says, her tone bright. “I wanted to talk to you about the upcoming additions to the office network. Over here.” She winks conspiratorially at Dean and moves Crowley off to one of the closest computers. Dean just sighs. Cas looks bemused.
Cas is kissing him. Holy fucking shit, he’s kissing Cas back. This is a thing that is happening.
Benny grunts. “At least this one came quietly,” he says, inclining his head towards Cas, who says nothing and just glares at Benny. “Gabe helped with the arrest.”
"My name is Castiel. I would like a job."
“Dean Winchester. You know where I live, jerk. My LAPD badge number is 8093, I drive a 1937 Chevy Master. My favorite gun is my Ithaca 1911 service revolver I never turned in. That enough for you, baby?”
Dean knows. Knows before Sam's even opened his mouth. It's that sick instinct feeling low in his gut, energy thrumming against the trip-wire of his nerves.
Cas lies in the middle of the room, blood oozing thick and red over the carpet. Dean rushes to his side, pulling him up, ignoring the crimson liquid as it seeps into his shirt.
"Thirty five years this December."
. Dean has spent long silent hours thinking over the last few years of his life, Benny’s breathing and the crunch of twigs underfoot the soundtrack to his introspection. He’s spent most of his life running from his demons, but in Purgatory, one can do nothing but face them. It’s a matter of accepting them - of realising that you’ve committed wrong and that you’ll make an effort to absolve in the future - as opposed to letting them destroy you.
“No matter. I’m rather glad the conversation’s over, to be honest. He was getting into ethically ambiguous legal territory and asking me plenty of questions about it.”
Sam gazes at him sympathetically, and Dean fucking hates those sad puppydog eyes, he really does. “Dean…”
“Damn. Thought it was worth a try,” he says, finishing the cake on his plate.
Dean gets an unexpected caller at nine thirty that night.
He pours over the evidence, trying to find something that might link the two deaths. He’s got nothin’, and that just makes him even more frustrated. What the fuck does a fifteen-year-old aspiring starlet from Tennessee have in common with a twenty-seven year old married woman who lives with her husband in the inner-city suburbs of LA? It’s doing his head in.
The angels are gone.
His first conscious breath tastes like overripe fruit, the air cloying and sour as it sticks in his throat.
“Because… because I want you to know I would. If I could.”
There are no obvious weapons close by, and he assumes the boxes are filled with drugs. He’s right; opiates line the walls in tightly packed bags. This is a Vice cop’s wet dream.
It’s been raining; everything smells like damp concrete and car exhaust. The clouds mostly cover the moon, so the shadows are coal black as they coalesce against the pavement, except for the streetlights that cut through the gloom, dusting everything they catch in white light. His car is about a block away. Blood rushes against his eardrums, an ocean of noise, and his heartbeat thumps against the waves.
Then presents are distributed. Kevin and Charlie both receive an assortment of video games; Dean, Sam and Garth end up with a lot of beer (and Dan with a Star Wars shirt, thanks to Charlie); and Cas receives a bunch of new clothes. Dean’s a little bit confused when Cas gives a gift to everyone but him, though. Not that he was expecting anything, but… yeah. It seems odd.
“Jesus was my favourite prophet,” Cas whispers conspiratorially as he pulls the top off another bottle. “It’s nice to be celebrating his birthday.”
