Both Claire and Ben cheered. They ended up choosing How to train your dragon.
“Oh come on, that was seven years ago! And it was an accident!” Dean responded. As he predicted Castiel never stopped talking about what happened. They had found normal jobs, had a kid, lived a normal life, except for the flying objects and the exploding light bulbs. But Castiel still bring it whenever he could.
Castiel jumped away from Dean.
"I told you so." Walt chuckled.
"It smells…" Dean stopped talking to smell the surroundings one last time. "Apple pie?"
Dean came from the kitchen to look at Castiel's computer screen, food in hand.
The first thing Dean saw when he opened the door was Castiel lying on the bed, a bandage around his head. He was staring at Dean. They stayed like that for a few minutes, looking at each other.
"I didn't trust you. I didn't know you, yet, and you came back with a jar full of something I didn't know."
“Yeah, and you’re a kelpie, right?” Castiel didn’t react for a few seconds, not knowing what to say. “Are you hurt?” Dean continued. “There was blood on the bedroom floor.”
"Why do you do this?!" Dean shouted. Castiel pointed his gun for the third time at the ghost, but before he could do anything, the ghost snapped Dean's neck. , then disappeared again.
A part of himself was telling him that he should do it, but at the same time, he didn’t regret it. When he finished, neither he nor Bobby said anything for a few minutes.
Charlie sat, crossing her arms and sighing.
"But what about your roommate?" Castiel asked. "I don't think that would bother him if you switch places. I rarely see him in our dorm anyway." Dean answered. Castiel smiled at that. He couldn't get a better roommate than Dean.
"Did you notice anything with the body?" Castiel asked.
“Don’t move. I am going to get your clothes.”
At the mention of his brother, he looked at the tavern’s door, just in case Alex passed it. He had, during the whole evening, kept an eye on it, but nobody had looked like Missouri’s description.
"Completely healed." Dean hit his shoulder to prove it but hissed afterward. "It still hurts a little bit."
At the sight of him, the intruders froze. Castiel took advantage of it and kicked one of them with his hoof. Galloping toward the main door, he searched for Sam, but he was nowhere to see.
"Dean, it hurts. It hurts so bad!"
"Ummmm, morning, sunshine," Dean said, still a little groggy. "Did you sleep well?" He asked. Castiel hummed and buried his head in the crook of Dean's neck.
Dean chuckled, confusing Castiel.
Today and yesterday had been exhausting, and Dean couldn't wait for it to be over.
“You know, when father and mother told us that if we were ever caught by a human, we had to get their trust, they didn’t mean that,” Gabriel answered.
Yet Destiny decided otherwise. Near the lake named Sarnen, a black horse was quenching it's thirst. Dean observed it. It could make an excellent steed. Maybe he won’t have to go all the way to Bobby after all.
Right now, they were running down the corridor, hoping to reach the secret passage before the vampires could reach them. At first, Dean and Sam had intended to destroy the nest and the Alpha with it, but Castiel wasn’t waking up.
“Get up! Breakfast!” Dean called.
"He grew way too fast."
"Agents?"
"I'm not smelling anything." Castiel lied. As much as the scent Castiel noticed was barely perceptible, he was sure it had nothing to do with apple pie.
Castiel was sitting in the dining room glaring at his bowl. Sam had put fish, bread, and vegetables in it. Vegetables! He’s a carnivore, damn it.
"Would you like some snacks?" Castiel asked.
There was still a burn on his hand. With any luck, the same thing wouldn’t happen when he tried to open the door.
Once Castiel finished changing his clothes, Dean proposed him to est the dinner he had cooked.
“He could have sent a human to destroy the sigil! He could be part of a coven or a werewolf pack. Man, I don’t know, ok? Something about him is just off. I talked to him and  he avoided as many of my questions as he could.”
"Wanna help me?" Rowena asked Dean. Dean nodded and sat down next to her. Castiel was half-naked and had blood and slick running down his legs. This was the last thing Dean saw before it all went black.
Dean entered his lab. The creature seemed to be a dryad, but he had to be sure. The shelves in the room were full of empty jars, potions, books, and many ingredients. Dried plants were hanging from the ceiling, upside down. A vast table at the back of the room had a few objects scattered on it and a small cauldron. Above the table, you could see a colorful and flourishing garden from a window.
"Yes, same here. I used to play around with potions as a kid. I scared my parents more than once." They laughed as they exchanged embarrassing stories of their childhood. From time to time, Dean would look in the direction Castiel and Rowena had gone.
“Well, I wasn’t expecting that,” Bobby whispered. “You should ask your brother to talk to him. Anyway, seems like you’re affected by this a lot. How did he touch Dean Winchester’s heart? I thought that was impossible. ”
"Shoot."
He nodded. "We should...probably find a place where we can get a new car for you, I guess?"
"Would you like to meet my family?" Dean asked out of the blue, after a few minutes. This question had never crossed Dean's mind before. Somehow, it hadn’t occurred to him.
As Castiel and Dean got out of the police station, Dean spotted Castiel's car, a Lincoln." Is that yours?" he asked, pointing at the car.
"Sure, come in." Dean moved to let Castiel in, looking behind him, if anyone had followed him. "Is everything all right?"
“I changed my mind,” he said, then looked around, mouth opening and closing a few times.
“What? Are you kidding me?” Dean asked, still not believing what he was hearing.
As he was galloping, Castiel remembered what had happened this last year.
"The house is selling for rather cheap for its quality." The woman showing Dean and Castiel told them.
"You slept for three hours."
"My tree has been chopped down but Dean replanted it." Dean grabbed Castiel's hand, trying to soothe him when he noticed them shaking.
"They are beautiful." Most of them had a brown or red binding with golden decorations.
"Thank you, Dean. And, we'll do that together. Now, you need some rest. All right?"
"Jesus Christ. This must be worth so much money. We need to have those trees."
He got out of bed as discreetly as he could, although Castiel laying on him made it more difficult. He had to go. Now. Fortunately, Castiel didn't die yesterday; but because they are hunters, it could happen at any moment. Dean couldn't take seeing one more person he loved dying. He knew he was going to hurt Castiel by leaving, and he didn't like that either, but it was better if he left.
“Sweetheart, you know it was an accident!”
“No. It isn’t mine,” Castiel answered.
On every Christmas day, Halloween, Ben’s birthday and Easter Dean always woke up this way.
"I know. But it's not going to be easy." His dad sighed.
“How the hell did he get in here?” asked Dean, who was still hiding under the covers, staring at the door in case Gabriel came back.
Which sometimes resulted in all the light bulbs exploding because Castiel had sneezed.
A week after the fire accident in Dean's house, Castiel was still hoping for Dean to come back. Neither Dean nor his dad called his Castiel's parents or sent a letter so Castiel could know where to find them. But Castiel to where his friend maybe. In the meantime to see Dean again, Castiel had written letters with his drawings on them. He put all of it in the back of his closest with the gift he bought one week ago.
"Dean, you're crushing me." Castiel managed to mumble.
"Did you draw me into a bee?" Dean asked. "That's cool!" He chuckled when Castiel nodded.
“Give us two glasses of ale, then.” He leads Castiel towards an empty table.
Tired of him pacing, Jo, Ellen’s daughter, had kicked him out of her house until he calmed down. He wasn’t calming down. On the contrary, not being able to see what was going on inside was driving him crazy. Two days passed and Dean was becoming more and more restless and he wasn’t the only one.
"I'm going to need to make breakfast." Dean chuckled.
Castiel looked at his feet and a newspaper went flying toward Dean. He picked up and looked at it. The article on the first page was about adoption.
“Time to get off,” Dean announced. Castiel tried to get off of Impala’s back, but unlike the hunter, who got off the horse smoothly, he would have fallen face-first if Dean hadn’t caught him.
"Nothing. I heard his name somewhere and wanted to know who he was. I'm going to leave now." Castiel decided that it was better if he didn't talk about what he had seen. All the hunters at the table were frowning at him, sensing that something was not right.
"Why?"
"Are you sure? I’m not bothering you?" Castiel asked, making Dean chuckle.
“And then, your Papa shoot me in the arm.” Castiel told her.
"We have to hurry." Castiel grabbed Dean's arm, trying to stay on his feet. When they arrived, Dean and Castiel saw a group of men chopping down Castiel's tree.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
“Rowena!” Castiel complained while Dean was looking at his feet and was blushing.
"All right, but first I need some new clothes. The others might not be as happy as you to see me hang out with a human."
Castiel sat down at the table, slightly wincing.
-2 weeks later
"Here we are. Make yourself at home." Said Dean as he let Castiel in. "We should get dry clothes." The house looked very comfortable. There was a big fireplace in the living room, a chair with a pillow on it. A few plants were scattered around the room. Some were hanging from the ceiling and others were dispersed on different pieces of furniture.
Once Castiel draped himself again under the blanket, Dean grabbed his arm and dragged him out.
Castiel and Charlie passed the next hours discussing their lives and remembering their childhood shenanigans.
"Sure. Why not." The hunter closed the door behind him and stepped forward. He stopped in front of Castiel, looking around and playing nervously with his fingers.
"So, where are you from?"
"Dean? Can we watch a movie?" Asked Claire.
He grabbed a piece of paper and a pen and left a note for Castiel. When Dean was about to close the motel's door he looked back at Cas who was still sleeping and had no idea what was happening.
Dean immediately looked up at Castiel. "What?" Dean asked, his brain frozen. "I mean, yes."
"Let's visit the house?" They walked around the house, seeing the bedrooms, bathroom, and kitchen. Everything was big and shiny.
After a few minutes, everyone had arrived. Anna and Gilda announced to the beginning of the egg hunt to the very excited kids.
Normally, he would need to concentrate on shifting, but that wasn’t the case now because of the danger of the situation. It had all happened so quickly that Castiel was having a hard time breathing. He could feel his limbs and his hair growing, the form of his face changing.
Outside of the house, a horse neighed, sounding panicked. As the hunter turned around, he realised it was neither Impala nor the new horse that had made that noise. A black horse was galloping towards them.
"Castiel. You aren't useless, sweetheart." Dean hugged him. "If it would help, I was thinking about expanding the garden. So it could be easier for you to go back to the forest. Don't want to choose between the forest and here."
Dean sighed but went to go sleep on the couch anyway.
Castiel looked out of the front window and saw smoke in the distance. His heart started racing at this sight. The smoke came from the area where Dean and his family lived.
"Would you want to stay here tonight? It's getting late." Castiel opened and closed his mouth, searching for an answer.
"Yes. I am sorry I didn't tell you earlier. With everything that happened, I forgot about it." Castiel sighed.
"I... I don't know who to tell you this. I am sorry for avoiding you. The year is almost finished and I don't know what will happen to us after college. And because of that, I panicked a bit. It took a lot of time for Charlie and Kevin to convince me to talk to you. Anyway, what I wanted to ask is would you like to go on a date with me?" Dean asked as he was looking at his shoes. For a moment, Castiel didn't know what to say. He was just staring at Dean, processing what he just told him.
"Oh, don't worry, it's part of the plan," Dean answered, making Castiel laugh.
She was the one finding the victims for the family. Dean and Sam had ganked a vampire not long ago after learning about the vampire alpha’s existence. However, this vampire hadn’t informed them that the alpha could see through the eyes of every other vampire.
As they were leaving, Dean realized something: they only had one horse for three people, and the one who was capable of transforming into a horse was passed out.
“Cas?” The kelpie looked at him, curious. “I need to talk to you. And I know that if I don’t Sam and Ellen are going to kick my ass, or are going to do it for me. I don’t know which is worse.” He chuckled. “When I saw you unconscious on the floor, something snapped. I couldn’t lose you, as strange as that may seem.” Dean couldn’t look at Castiel. I’m confessing not kicking him out, he thought as he tried to calm down. The words weren’t coming out.
When he arrived, he ordered a beer and sat next to the first group of hunters he saw.
"I'm proud of you for accepting the future loss of your car."
"Everything's all right?" Dean asked him the moment he saw Castiel.
"No, no, it's all right. Charlie this is Dean, Dean this is Charlie. My friend I talked about."
Seeing his brother like this gave Dean a splendid idea. He approached him on his tiptoes, trying not to make a noise.
Alex stopped as soon as they saw the castle’s door.
"Dean, don't..." Dean and Castiel jumped at the same time as the ghost repeated right in front of Dean.
“Jesus! Cas, it’s just me!” Castiel blinked and lowered his gun.
after us?" Dean groaned.
Dean and Castiel stayed in front of each other, this time enjoying each other's company.
“What do you want?” The psychic asked them as she beckoned for them to sit down. “And yes, I am a psychic but that doesn’t mean I know every single thing, Castiel.” He stared at her, awestruck by what just happened.
Still, it hadn’t crossed his mind to leave Castiel at Missouri’s house. He could have even sent him to Bobby’s, his uncle would have taken good care of Castiel.
"So, what have you been up too, lately?" Sam asked, standing in front of the counter of Dean's shop. He, Eileen, Ella had decided to visit Dean. Eileen had decided to take Ella to look around the shop to let Sam and Dean talk alone. Ella adored her uncle's shop anyway.
Castiel stared at Dean while remaining silent.
Dean ran out of his house, the potion in his bag, toward Sam’s house. When he was in front of the house, he banged as hard as he could on the door.
"Dean, I can do it on my own." He grumbled. His stomach had started to grow, which was not helping anything.
The neighbourhood had organized a giant egg hunt for the kids. The appointment was at three p.m and Ben counting the hours since he was awake. When the time to get egg hunting came, Ben was already outside, basket in hand while his dad was still putting his shoes on.
Castiel stood up, confused. That went way better than he had expected.
Castiel and Dean thanked Charlie for organizing the hunt and Claire and Ben said goodbye to Anna.
"No, I'm good. I can sleep on the couch."
Since that afternoon, Baby was nervous. She didn’t trust the other horse. Something about him made her jump out of her skin. Now odd noises were coming from the other stable. She had been watching it, engrossed, expecting something to happen. All of a sudden, a hand grabbed the blanket that was laying down on the top of the door. Rushing, the hand disappeared a few seconds after.
"I've run into you lately more than I have anyone else," and the last time we saw each other was two years ago..."
“Right. You got drunk with some friends and you entered the stable, thinking it was your bed?”
"Shit. Castiel." Dean drew his phone out of his pocket and called Castiel.
Castiel was about to pick a flower when a ball fell on the one he chose, crushing it in the process.
He considered Bobby to be his uncle, but it was too early for a lesson about how they should be more careful with their horses.
"How about a break?" After saying that, Dean froze. He was not supposed to go that far with Castiel. He was just supposed to help him find a new car and then part ways.
His uncle shook his head and rolled his eyes.
“I swear, I will save her,” Dean said. And he will keep his promise.
“I bought some gifts. I want to apologize for yesterday.” The dryad stared at him, his head tilted. Dean got the potion out of the bag and handed it to him. The dryad took the potion, looking confused.
Castiel was resisting the urge to punch someone. His car wouldn't start, again.
Castiel fell with a scream, the pain suddenly coursing through his body.
“You coming or not?”
The only person who could help them find Sammy couldn’t come soon enough. The ache was getting stronger and he only knew one way to make it disappear.
A few seconds after stepping out of the passage, Sam took a few steps back. A woman he didn’t know was heading toward them on her horse.
When Castiel came back from the hospital a few days later, Dean was waiting for him, two cups of coffee in his hands. Unfortunately, Dean wasn’t able to see Castiel while he was in the hospital.
"What...you thought I was the kind of guy that would abandon you at the first opportunity?" Dean chuckled but stopped when he saw Castiel's face. He was frowning and seemed slightly annoyed. He sighed. " No, man. I wouldn't have left you on your own. That would have been shitty."
It was late at night when Castiel decided to go to Dean's house. After minutes of walking and getting lost twice, Castiel arrived in front of Dean's house. He looked at the door, his hand lifted ready to knock. Mustering his bravery, Castiel knocked on the door. A sound of a bottle breaking followed
"Get out of the gas station. We're being followed and one of those people is coming toward you. I'm going to try to distract him." Dean started his car while the man that had been stalking them in front of the Impala before violently pressing the pedals.
"Hi. I'm Castiel."
Confused for a few seconds, Castiel kissed back and pulled Dean closer. Dean’s nervousness faded the second Castiel responded and delight replaced it. After a moment they parted and looked at each other, blushing and grinning.
However, because Alex refused to change her mind, Dean proposed a deal: they would leave her alone but only once she showed them the way and gave them a layout of the manor.
"Dean? What are you doing?"
"Shut up." Dean laughed, slightly embarrassed. Castiel grabbed the labels of Dean's shirt roughly and kissed him. Dean kissed him back as much as he could.
“I’m staying,” he sighed. In front of him, Dean raised his eyebrows.
"You all right?" Dean stopped and asked.
” She said. She moved her hand, making Dean fall to the ground before walking away.
"You assbut!" Castiel said, faking being upset. His hair and leaves were plastered on his forehead. The water was cold, but hearing Dean laugh like this made it worth it. Crow's feet formed around his eyes when he laughed.
"Agent, your colleague is here." The officer said when they arrived at the morgue.
He did call him, but Castiel didn’t answer once. He only send a text to Dean when he was able to get out of the hospital.
Dean finished drinking the potion, disgust all over his face. Immediately after that, they ran toward the exit.
"That's just being a hunter," Castiel finally said, not knowing how else to answer.
"No, I know what it is," Dean interrupted him. “You can’t live as long as I have and not have heard of it. But, dude, the Book of Damned is
"I'm sorry about that," Castiel told Dean in the middle of the conversation. "You would be gone by now if I took better care of my car."
"Castiel! I'm coming. Just go back to bed. You need to rest."
He could make a potion for the dryad. Maybe one for protection. Dean took a glass jar, some pins, sea salt, a ribbon, and a black candle. He took Dean time and energy to finish the potion, but it was worth it.
“Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!” Shouted Sam in a high-pitched voice when he felt hands on his shoulders. His first reaction was to close his book and hit the intruder in the face with it. His second was to look at said intruder, who had fallen on the floor. Dean was the last person he expected to see.
After a few minutes of fumbling, he caught a glimpse of a huge wooden door ahead of him. Finally, he thought.
They resolved their case thanks to Cas who seem to know a lot about the supernatural world. He had heard about another physic, Missoury Moseley that lived in the village. Cas had begged Sam to come but he had refused. It was too dangerous for him to come. When they arrived at the psychic's home, they found Missouri sitting in a corner, a cup of hydromel in hand as she already knows what would happen.
“That was awful,” Castiel answered, watching Dean burst out laughing.
"I don't know, sweetheart. But you will have to wait a little bit and give him some time. Mary died in the fire."
Dean was sitting in the dining room, staring at the wall in front of him, thinking about what had happened.
"Hurry,” Castiel said, glancing towards the window. “They’re coming."
“Hey, little one. Ready to go egg-hunt?” Charlie asked to Ben. Ben cheered.
“If you want,” Sam says with a sigh. “You already captured it, why not give it a chance?”
They had talked beforehand and decided that Castiel was going to wait until Dean had explained the basics.
“People in the town say that a monster lives here. From the stories I heard, I thought I would meet a demon or something as dangerous.” Dean answered with a smirk.
after us?" Dean groaned.
Dean took a deep breath and started his car. Everything was going to be fine.
Claire was looking at them, giggling. She already knew the story, but looking at his parents teasing each other was always making her laugh. Claire giggled even stronger when her fathers started a pillow fight.
“That’s a good question. And it’s not the only one I have for him.”
"Castiel? Is everything all right?" He heard come from outside the room.
Someone was slightly shaking Dean. He grabbed the arm of the person and twisted it around their back.
When Dean left him, Castiel turned around and watched him walk away. When Castiel saw that his dorm was empty, he entered slowly as he took a look around, checking if his roommate, Lucifer, didn't leave any unpleasant surprises. Something about him was off. When he realized there was nothing unpleasant waiting for him, Castiel put his bag down and closed the door.
"I think it's your fuel filter. It seems to be clogged." Dean said after a moment. "I don't have the tools on me to change it though. We're going to need to call someone."
"Dean, Sam asked me to go search for you." Well, that one on the only thing he said to him. The last two weeks he had only discussed with Sam. Wich seemed puzzled about what was happening.
Sitting next to him, Castiel was staring out of the window.
Dean looked at the branch Castiel gave him, realizing that he almost turned down such an important gift.
“I’ll just change.”
"It's from my tree. It's a Dryad's tradition to offer a branch of our tree to our mate, or partners like you say."
Castiel turned around to look at his mom, hoping she would agree.
"Had a lot of things to do. And I found a place with a lot of rare plants." Dean said as he put away some potions and turned his back to Sam.
"Castiel! Wait!" He heard Dean calling him. Castiel thought about acting like he didn't hear and continue walking but he knew it wasn't the thing to do.
"We would like to see the house before we decide anything, right?"
"Yeah, don't worry. I was just absorbed in my thoughts. And for the car, I trust you.”
"You know communication solves a lot of problems," Charlie told him.
"Dean Winchester. Sorry for being late." The stranger, Dean, said.
"Dean, you were falling asleep."
"Dean, it's okay," Castiel told him. Rowena lifted her eyebrow, and Dean stepped back sighing. If Castiel was okay with going along with Rowena then he was too.
“Thank you,” said Castiel.
Once he was at his home, Dean took off his bag and sword and dropped them to the floor. He paced in his room, thinking about what happened. So, there was a creature and Dean was sure he’d offended him. But Dean was still alive, and he wasn't hurt. Well, except for a few bruises from falling off the tree. But no missing limbs or burn marks. The creature didn’t seem to be as evil as what the stories said. Just protecting this tree. Maybe he could make up for it and still get some leaves. He had to get them.
Lying on the bed, Castiel was waiting for Dean and Sam to get to their respective rooms.
"He is?" Castiel felt the weight getting off of his shoulder. "Can I see Dean again? Soon?"
"I'll survive," Dean answered and Castiel rolled his eyes. "Believe me, I'll survive. What did you find?"
_____________________________________________________________________
"Moooooom," Dean complained, looking down at his shoes.
"It's beautiful, but there are way too many things in there."
"It's okay, Dean. Do you want to hold him?"
“Are you sure he’s there?” Dean asked.
“Great,” Dean said as he went back to sleep. Sam sighed and took off the blanket Dean was sleeping under all at once.
and find a new car." Castiel told Dean as they drove on the highway.
"Ok, let's go back to the boring stuff." Research always took a lot of time, didn't led everywhere, and mostly consisted of sitting down for a few hours.
At the other end of the corridor, Charlie and Kevin cheered as they saw the event unfold before slowly walking away.
"It's huge," Castiel murmured to Dean when the woman was farther from them.
"Hey, I am not going to leave you for that. Plus I always wanted to have kids."
"I'm sure."
Castiel, on the other hand, decided to do some more research on Dean. He had no idea what was going on, and asking Dean was maybe not the best idea. After a while of not finding anything, Castiel grew frustrated and moved to do some research on the case.
Except for Dean. There was a good reason why this was the first time one of them had shot the other. The first time they met he cornered Castiel. But it didn’t end the way they expected. Dean didn’t capture Castiel or worse, kill him. Instead, they started dating and got married to years later, in secret. Needless to say that Dean will never hear the end of it.
Hearing that, Dean laughed loudly and with his whole body.
Dean rolled his eyes and continued digging. Once Dean finished digging, Castiel threw him the lighter and the salt. Dean burned the skeleton, the ghost reappearing one last time, burning, before disappearing for good.
Because the threat of vampires finding them was still present, the farthest anyone could go was into Ellen’s garden. Sam, Dean, Alex and Jo were doing everything to protect the house. The morning of the third day, Dean was woken up by Alex shaking him and calling his name.
"I wouldn't get too close if I was you," Castiel told him. But Dean didn't listen to him. The riverside was sloping. Those who didn't know this place often ended up falling in the water. So did Dean. Fortunately, the river wasn't deep.
The next morning came too quickly. Castiel was reluctant to get back to the forest and leave Dean. But he had to.
"Agent Johnson," Castiel told the police officer as he flashed his fake FBI badge. "I'm here to see the bodies."
“Castiel. You don't need to thank me. I just wanted to help.”
He kept acting this way, until one day when he called one of his old contacts, drunk, and told her everything that had happened. By far, it was the most embarrassing thing he’d ever done.
Astonished, he stared at the horse for a moment. After realising what happened, Dean tried to get back onto Impala, but she started walking away, refusing to let Dean or the new horse get any closer.
“What about you?” Castiel asked.
“You are telling the truth?” Dean heard behind him.
Back at his home, Dean was thinking over and over again about what happened in the cave. Because of it, he had trouble falling asleep. The next morning when he was working, Dean stumbled upon the herbs Castiel had given him. Dean took the jar, a smile on his face as he remembered this day. Dean put the jar back, sighing. He knew that if he had kissed Cas, Dean would have been rejected.
"This is where I sleep and keep what I own," Castiel explained when he saw Dean's puzzled look.
“Do not touch my leaves!” The creature shouted before throwing Dean to the ground. Dean got up and left the forest as fast as possible. The last thing he needed right now was offending a creature.
He would have to see Dean face to face, three years after being left behind.
"Bee. Just... Bee." Castiel said quietly, hoping Dean won't find it weird. He wasn't very good with choosing and inventing names for his characters and plushies. The simplest was often better anyway.
"Who the hell are you?" Castiel asked as he turned on his flashlight to get a better look at the other hunter. Green eyes, a strong jawline, and light brown hair. And somehow vaguely familiar. Like if he saw this face a few times, somewhere. Probably in a bar or roadhouse for hunters.
“Just one more hour.” Dean answered.
"A curse." Dean sighed. "My brother, uncle, and I found a new case: a witch who tried to bring back her son from the dead. And she needed to kill some people to finish the spell. When I stopped her, she got understandably mad. But before we had time to kill her, she cursed me."
“Dean, I’m too big. This poor guy will disappear in them.”
"Ok." Dean nodded, not seeming to care about Castiel's choice of name. "Do you want to play football? Bee can be the commentator." Dean proposed.
"It has been destroyed." Castiel tried to reassure Dean and put a hand on Dean's arms. "It took us time, but we got rid of it once and for all."
“Well, let's look at that, shall we," Rowena told Dean. Dean looked at Castiel, not knowing what to say. He wanted to go with them. He wanted to stay at Castiel's side.
Sam arrived quickly, sword in hand. His eyes widened at the sight of his brother and the stranger.
"Castiel?" He turned around slowly only to face Dean who was looking at him like he couldn't believe that Castiel was here.
"Dean." Castiel interrupted him. "Please, let's not talk about that. It's not why I'm here anyway." Castiel took the photos of the Book of the Damned out of his pocket and handed them to Dean.
The horse stepped back and shook his head.
“You think he’s a creature? How would he enter our home?”
"We could manage it...if we are discreet enough."
"Hello? Do you need help? We can help you pass on!" Dean called out.
"Can you smell that?" Dean asked, stopping Castiel's daydream.
Castiel looked up at Dean, his eyes wide open."Really?" He asked.
He went stiff for a moment. He hadn’t noticed the change. “Shut up, bitch!”
"Wait, us?"
He was used to Castiel telekinesis powers. Objects floating around the house were a common thing. Unfortunately for them, Dean had the ability to amplify the power of people around him.
Castiel stared at him, trying to figure if he should listen to Dean. He finally put his gun down after a few seconds. It’s not like he had a choice anyway. "First question: I saw a photo of you. An old one. How haven’t you changed and how are you still...alive?"
Dean was pacing in front of Ellen’s house. It had been roughly half an hour since they had gotten there and Castiel was still unconscious.
"Are you regretting helping me with the car now that I'm faster?" Castiel chuckled when he saw Dean's slightly offended face.
Castiel threw it at the other hunters. A wall of flames appeared in front of them. The other hunters stepped back as heat and smoke filled the room.
Irritated, Dean grabbed the stranger’s arm and dragged him to the bedroom.
"I warned you," Chuckled Castiel when he saw Dean getting his head out of the water and leaning on the riverside.
“This isn’t real. I’m dreaming,” replied Dean, his voice shook.
“You seem happy, Dean,” said Sam as he opened the bottle taking a quick sip. “I thought you’d be upset again after Cas left.”
“Dean, just focus on them. It will bring them out into the open for us to see. Then just extend them. They are a part of your body, like limbs,” Cas stated.
“No, Dean. I’ll stay if you want me to. But when Jack needs me I have to go.”
Dean normally wore logging boots in a deep reddish brown color. He had worn through many pairs over the years, and they were one of the few items he spent a lot of money on. A good pair of boots were beneficial on hunts. But recently he invested in a pair of hiking boots. At least that’s what he told Castiel. What he didn’t tell his angel was that they were just a cheap pair from the Walmart up in Hastings.
******
Cas hugged her tightly, overjoyed with her answer. “We could call you the ‘hunter of honor’.”
One was pulled up and tugged to the side, while the other was stretched out against the bed and hanging off. That one had blood on it, and a visible wound. The feathers around the wound were broken, several laid on the floor.
“Yes, if it’s not too painful,” replied Dean.
Cas put his hand on Dean’s shoulder as Dean focused on where he wanted to be. He thought of Sam in the bunker, probably worried about them. As he focused his grace onto Sam’s energy he was suddenly standing directly in front of Sam.
Dean looked offended, “No! Jesus Sammy, no! I didn’t want him to sacrifice himself for me, so I told him to not do that. I know it was a shitty thing to say, and it broke my heart saying those words. But I don’t know. I guess at the time, I thought it would hurt less. And that if I didn’t say it then that wouldn’t be his moment of true happiness.”
The bunker was silent, everyone was in bed. Dean and Cas laid in each other’s arms. Dean should have been asleep but he was enjoying this. He loved the feeling of Castiel’s arms wrapped around him. He loved talking to Cas in whispered tones at night.
“Cas, it’s going to be okay, alright.”
Dean couldn’t wait for Thursday, though he did wish that he picked a different day. Given that today was Friday. A week before they would be together again as a family. Almost. There was still someone missing.
Music began playing, seemingly out of nowhere. It flooded the skies, signaling it was time to begin. Sam gave Dean a tight hug before he began heading down first making his way to his side of the arch. Dean followed, tears swelling in his eyes. He passed the faces of everyone he had loved and lost, and those he still had with him back on Earth. Tears formed for seeing them again, and for his future with Cas, he was finally getting his happy ending.
“Ten anus.
“Why would Cas tell him, Rachel? Raphael does have ears you know, everyone knew about the party,” stated Meg, annoyed at Rachel.
“Okay, I’ll do it. But you have to talk to Dad about this,” said Jack, finally breaking the silence.
“Dean, I’m alive. Jack brought me back from the Empty. You’re awake. I’m really here,” Cas reassured him.
Jack paused and smiled, “Okay. I’ll come once a week for dinner. When is dinner?”
“Yeah, same here. But Rowena, get this, has heard the same thing from demons. Or whatever. She’s gonna be coming sometime for us to discuss it with Jack.”
******
The bunker was more empty than normal. Sam was spending more and more time at Eileen’s. Dean didn’t blame him, he wouldn’t want Sammy to sit around while he deals with his issues. He wanted Sam to live his life, it’s all he’s ever wanted for his little brother.
Dean looked around the room. “So, this is your cabin?”
Dean asked. He was both confused and a bit angered at the thought.
“Castiel, hey,” she replied.
Dean smiled quickly. He wasn’t upset as he would have been normally. The past few months, waking up not seeing Cas standing there, or him just always being right on top of him, while it used to be annoying, now Dean missed it.
Cas frowned, “I want to,” he said in almost a whisper.
******
Miracle raced across the hardwood floor towards Dean, who was making his way to the garage to give Baby a much needed wash. Not that she was dirty, but Dean did like to keep her body shining as much as he could.
“Cas.”
“Do you remember the night I woke up from the coma, after I helped heal Sam? When the angels came to get Kevin, Hester said that I had fallen in every way imaginable. At the time, while I wasn’t fully there-“
Just as Sam was about to question Cas more, Eileen walked into the kitchen, Miracle following behind her. She stopped, eyes wide at the sight of Castiel.
Dean opened his eyes slowly. He felt a heaviness around his waist. Confused at first, then he remembered it was Cas. His breathing hitched, realizing that Cas was bed next to him.
“Yes. That something was coming for you. I’m not sure what that thing is though, or if the demon was even telling the truth.”
Cas paused, remembering the moment before the Empty took him. His confession of love for Dean. He took a deep breath before replying.
Cas turned to Jack, “Are you okay with this?”
Dean’s face turned stone, prompting Michael and Sam to focus on his half of the conversation. “What do you mean? There were three of them, we killed all three.”
Dean grinned, “Thursdays. We’ll make it around six? That sound good to you?”
Dean pulled into the grocery store parking lot and shut off Baby. Bewildered, he turned to face Cas. He was shocked at the angel's words.
Hannah put the book in her bag. “I’m just worried for you, okay. First I find out you are failing almost all of your classes, and now you of all people are hanging out in a crap bar. It’s not like you, Castiel.”
“Sam, can I ask you something?” Castiel asked after a long time of silence after Dean headed to the bar.
Cas smiled at Dean’s reaction. He was still the same, even after all this time, Dean was still just that, Dean. Dean sat down on the bed, never taking his eyes off of Cas. He watched the angel’s coat flowed around his legs, as Cas walked over to him.
“Cas, let me say this. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I told you not to do that when you told me how you felt. I only said that cause I knew that was it. It was the end for you. And I didn’t want you to go. I didn’t want you to die.”
******
Dean quickly went to Sam to look at the book he was reading from. “Okay so, what? Like Chuck and Amara’s first language. Can you translate it?”
That day finally came a week after Eileen moved in. Dean was becoming envious of their relationship. He didn’t realize it at first, but soon he knew it was jealousy. Sam recognized this as well. He knocked on Dean’s bedroom door, hoping they’d finally talk.
“Does that upset you?” Cas asked, unsure whether or not that fact was worrying Dean. He knew how close he was with Sam.
******
******
Dean took out his ring first, his silver ring, resized magically a few days before. He held it in his hand tightly, letting his grace flow ever so gently through his hand and into the groove in the middle, filling it with a bright white glow. Cas held out his hand as Dean slipped it onto his finger.
“Dad, what the hell was that? Can’t even give a damn speech at your own son’s wedding?” Dean stated firmly.
“Why didn’t you ever say anything?”
“What?” He questioned, puzzled by her question. “No, why would I?”
He had tried to bring his wings forth again but had to put them away fast. Bringing them out and opening them up in the bedroom wasn’t the brightest idea. Everything was knocked off of their places and thrown around the room. After that incident he decided to spend the next few hours making his eyes glow on and off again.
“Dean, the reason I’m even thinking of doing this is so that we can be the same. If we were the same we could be on the same road together, forever. And once we die we’d both go to Heaven.”
Cas narrowed his eyes, “Dean, I insist. We can have this conversation in the morning. You look like you are ready to pass out.”
“Rowena, hello,” stated Cas.
Castiel looked at Dean, tears threatening to swell in his eyes. He prayed it wasn’t true, he didn’t have the strength to go through everything again. And he knew that this time around there would be no coming back from it.
“Don’t worry, Jack. I’m sure we will have it figured out by then,” replied Cas.
“No, it’s just weird to think about. After I had found out for myself that Heaven was just reliving old memories, I couldn’t imagine that Heaven would become what Jack and you have made it into. I haven’t been there since, and  I don’t plan on it for a long time. But I don’t know, it’s nice to think that Mom and Dad are together, for real and not just as memories.”
Sam continued, “Dean, I know what happened with Jack, as do you. We both know he’s okay. He’s just busy. Chuck left a mess up there, and it’s Jack’s job to fix it. It's going to take time. He’ll be back, he’s family.”
It was one thing to give a quick handy in the morning, and something entirely different to actually have sex. While Dean had been with men before Cas had not. And even though Cas had had sex before it was different with Dean. It would mean something, it would be for love. They were both nervous, even though they longed for each other in that way.
“We thought it would be safer here. If it got into the wrong hands, the wrong demon, it could bring about the end of the world.”
“No, Cas, no. I don’t want this. I want you as you are. We can still grow old together, we have been all these years. I mean, hell, you have aged, or at least your vessel has.”
As Dean got close to the trailhead he saw a man standing in his path. The man had his back to him, and was just standing there. Dean stopped, holding onto the leash in such a way that the dog knew to stop as well. The feeling of unease washed over him more so. This man was causing it.
“So now what?” Sam asked, taking a drink of his coffee.
Dean continued, “You guys find anything?”
“Oh, I didn’t know his last name. Is he working tonight?”
“Dean, you need sleep.”
Dean tried to come out of the darkness that flooded him, he really did try. For Sammy’s sake. He knew his brother hated seeing him like this, and he hated the pain in Sam’s eye’s when they looked at each other.
But it was hard being alone all the time, even when he was around others, Dean was constantly alone. He’s tried to pray to Jack, but he never gets an answer. He knows that Jack is busy, there’s a lot of wrongs to right in Heaven. The fleeting thought to pray to Cas had passed his mind often, but he knows that it's hopeless.
Dean leaned in and kissed Cas good morning. He loved kissing Cas. This was their third kiss, and he couldn’t wait to kiss him again.
Cas got out of the car, never opening the door. He stood in front of Baby, watching Dean. He could tell that Dean was upset, the words the hunter had just told him replayed in his head. Unsure of what was happening, he had a fleeting idea but he thought that there was no way that Dean was saying what he thought he was.
“Hey, babe, morning,” the sleepy hunter replied.
“Okay, Jack. Let’s do this,” Dean said, confidently.
“Well, even if Jack didn’t take over, they would have still shared their paradise. Soul mates get that privilege. But yes, it would have still been reliving their old memories.”
Dean looked at Castiel, he knew that it was for the best to keep the book hidden from everyone. Cas would have told him, and that’s what mattered. He didn’t want to argue, it was pointless and there was no need.
“Wait, Cas. You don’t do that.”
Cas found the paper he was looking for. “This Friday?” He asked. He went to the back, the shop was small so he would still be able to hear her. He came back a moment later with her book.
“It’s not a drinking habit if that’s what you’re getting at.”
Cas didn’t answer. Maybe moving out would be for the best, he thought. He looked at Crowley who was making a face towards the entrance of the kitchen, Cas followed his gaze to see Raphaelwalking right towards them with a smile on his face that meant trouble.
“I thought his wings would be out?” He asked Jack. Dean’s voice made Cas try to move, but it was too painful.
“Of course, yeah.”
Sam still hadn’t found anything more on the gun and it’s symbols. It seemed to be a waiting game to see how Cas does. The angel was mostly sore now, no pain left after Jack healed the wound on his wing. But there were some things that were off.
“It’s your grace. Angels who were formerly human, their grace comes from their soul. And your soul isn’t like the others. You’ve been through so much. It’s very powerful.”
Dean took a moment to enjoy the view before it was time for them both to be angels. Jack stood nearby, patiently waiting. Neither Dean nor Castiel had any regrets or doubts about their decisions. When they were both ready they turned to their son.
Cas frowned. “Meg? What were you doing talking to her?” He asked confused. Hannah and Meg weren’t the type of people to hand out with one another. Hannah was straight laced while Meg was more rebellious.
“Dean, I…” Cas began.
“And you are just now telling me about this, Cas?!” Dean exclaimed.
Jack turned his attention to Dean, “Dad!”
“So now what?”
Silence overcame the room for a while. Dean was thinking about everything that had occurred in the last few weeks. From Cas coming back, to proposing, to Chuck and becoming an angel. It was strange, he didn’t expect he’d ever be happy again after Cas was taken by the Empty, but now Dean had everything. Well, almost everything. His parents were still dead along with most of his family. And four decades of absolute Hell, that included the forty years in actual Hell on top of that.
******
Cas began to thrust up and into Dean, who stayed still, allowing Cas to pound into hard from below. His hand still gripped Dean’s cock, pumping it hard, sending him over the edge even more so. Come spilled out of Dean, he was shocked at the fact that he was coming again.
Cas rolled his eyes, glaring at Meg. “Why have you been telling everyone you saw me at a bar? Everything thinks I’m developing a drinking problem.”
“If John ain’t gonna go I sure as hell am. I have watched as you boys grew up into incredible men. I never had children of my own and I used to regret it. But now I know that I didn’t need to, I had you boys. My only regret is that Karen wasn’t there alongside me. And when Cas came along into your boy's life like so many people have said already, everything changed. Dean, I watched you go from an angry blunt weapon to a man capable of anything. And like Sam said, it was annoying watching the two of you so obviously in love. You’re a couple of idijits for not seeing it sooner. I’m proud of you boys, all three of you. But tonight especially for Dean and Cas. You got something special, hold on to each other.”
Sam stepped in, Dean was sitting on the bed, back to the headboard. Sam stood there awkwardly for a moment before sitting down in the chair in front of the desk. Empty beer bottles and food containers littered the room. He would have normally scolded Dean for this mess, but he understood.
“Cas!” Dean said, excitedly, shocked at suddenly being manhandled.
Dean took a deep breath and began. “Cas, when I went to Hell I was prepared to be there for the rest of eternity. But when you pulled me out everything changed. For years I had you by my side, and for years I didn’t realize what I had. I’ve lost you more times than I ever want, and I don’t ever want to lose you again. You made me see myself for the first time. I wanted to be a better man because of you. Knowing you all these years has made me so happy. You once said that I changed you, Cas you changed me. I didn’t allow myself to be truthful to who I was, in more ways than I can count. I have been through so much, and have been so much, and throughout all of it you have never left my side. You saw the good in me even when I only saw darkness. And when the darkness showed through, you always saw my light. I didn’t think I deserved to be saved in any way,  but you showed me that I was worth being saved. You saved me Cas. I love you, I wish I could have said those words sooner. I love you.”
“Dean, I am still alive. I may be a celestial being, but I am still a living and breathing being. You hear my heartbeat, not Jimmy’s,” Castiel replied.
But Dean also knew he’d never get a second chance. He barely even ever had a chance, at least when it came to relationships. Every single one was doomed from the start. He had something good with Lisa, but it was such a bad time for him. In the back of his mind he always felt like he entered into it only because of the impending doom, and then Sam going to the Cage with Lucifer and Michael. He was alone and he didn't want that.
Dean checked out and was already out to the Impala, putting the bags in the backseat when Cas appeared in the passenger side of the car. Facing forward and sitting straight up, Cas remained silent.
Dean frowned, he didn’t want to bother Jack with his problems. The kid had a hard job that he needed to put his full attention into. He couldn’t force him to stop that in order for him to listen to Dean’s emotional rant that he could feel coming on. There was nothing Jack could do to help him really.
“Dean, I don’t understand why. These clothes are perfectly good. I like them.”
The angel wanted to take it slow, as to not hurt Dean. But he also wanted to dive in deeper and stretch him out. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas’ waist, locking them together. He reached up and put his arms around his neck and pulled him down. Cas kissed Dean as he thrust his cock into him, inching deeper and deeper.
“Yes.”
Cas walked away without saying another word, leaving Rachel confused by the interaction. Cas cursed Meg under his breath, he didn’t understand why she had been running her mouth, saying he was drinking every night at a bar. It wasn’t every night, Cas thought, just most nights and he barely even drank.
Cas let go first and looked around. It was his garden, his special place. The three of them were the only ones there, Jack had given a heads up to anyone who was there to give them some privacy.
“We are family, isn’t this what families do?” Jack asked, his eyes narrowing the same way that Cas’ does.
Dean shut his eyes, thinking that if he did he’d wake up in his bed. But once he opened them again Cas was still standing there, studying him with a look of confused curiosity on his face.
“What, the black car I always see parked outside here?” Cas asked.
“Yes.”
“Why would you be afraid? I thought angels were the ones who made people afraid. You know, the whole ‘be not afraid’ thing.”
Dean relaxed his shoulders and closed his eyes and reopened them, they were back to their natural green color. He looked up at his own wings, moving them without a thought. He was amazed at how natural moving them came to him. Cas was right, they were just like limbs. He didn’t need to think about moving his arms or legs, and it was the same with his wings.
“Yeah, well, I mean being in a relationship with another guy. I mean, I’ve known for years now about how you felt.”
“Yeah, we are together,” said Dean.
“Fuck, Cas!”
Cas did just that. Filling Dean again and again. Dean’s mind went blank as he came over and over. The ground below his cock a puddle of come. He didn’t know how long this would last, and he wished it would last forever. Cas cried out his name as if it were a prayer as he slammed into him.
Dean paused taking another deep breath. His hands tight on the wheel.
“Wait, you have a home in Heaven?” Dean asked, baffled by the statement.
The angel ran his hand across the wound, healing it instantly as he did. Dean’s foot immediately felt better and he was able to stand on it properly again. He wished he had just let Cas heal him when it happened. He had been in pain for days now.
“Hey says that he saw my true form. But I was curious about it after he told me, I had never heard of a demon seeing an angel's true form. Just part of it. Angels, we can see each other’s grace and wings whenever we want. It’s like angel radio, we can turn it on and off. But demons, I wasn’t sure.”
“Yeah, and we have some more news,” said Dean.
As he said that, Dean suddenly felt himself become slick. Perks of being an angel he thought to himself. He didn’t feel the need for prep or lube. He could get used to this. He positioned himself on Cas, lining up the angel's cock to his tight hole.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas said to Dean gently.
Cas moaned as Dean took his cock out and began to stroke it slowly. His grip was firm, sending shivers down the angel’s spine. Dean pulled back from the kiss, looking deep into Cas’ blue eyes.
“Energy? What do you mean?” Dean questioned.
Dean smiled and continued to kiss Cas. Moving his hips forward, grinding his cock into the angel’s. Cas’ body was stiff, but soon began to move with Dean.
“Cas, we can just fly to them and give them their invitations and fly them to wherever it is Jack is going to set up whatever it is he has planned to get them into Heaven. As far as those already dead, well that’s simple enough. We can do this, Cas. If we get the invitations made up today we can get them printed and sent tomorrow. All at once. It’s doable, trust me.”
He moved the left wing up and down and brought it in front of him. He reached out and touched one of the golden secondary feathers. It felt like how Castiel’s did that day in the infirmary. Softer than anything Dean had ever touched before, but felt strong. He stretched it out again before folding them back behind him.
Truth be told, he didn’t really know what he wanted. But he did know that he wanted to be with Cas forever. And ultimately, the choice came down to whatever Cas decided for himself. If Cas chose to remain a human once his grace was gone, then so would Dean. But if he became an angel again, Dean would do the same.
Dean looked at the angel. Cas was something else. “That’s actually a really good idea, babe. But it kind of makes the cameras obvious.”
The ceremony was taking place in Cas’ garden, in a clearing of wild flowers. Rows of white seats formed the aisle, each chair occupied by their family and friends, living and deceased. Human, angel and monster in the case of the Fitzgeralds. At the front of the aisle proudly stood Rowena under a grand arch made up of thousands of flowers. It was more gorgeous than anyone could have imagined.
Sam raised his brow, his forehead creasing.
The three of them made their way to the library to where Eileen and Miracle were. She sat at the table, a large dusty book in front of her. She looked up and beamed at them. She got up and hugged Dean and Cas tightly, she was glad to finally have them home.
Jack grinned widely, “I know. So what have you and Dad been up to? Really should figure out two names for you two.”
She leaned down to John who sat next to her, whispering for him to stand up to make his speech. He waved her off, sending whispers throughout the roadhouse. John was set in his ways, not caring how much it hurt Dean. Dean wanted badly to stand up and tell his Dad everything he felt in the moment, but Bobby stood up and Dean was able to take his mind off of his father.
“Wait, so he has to become fully human in order to become an angel again?” Interrupted Dean.
“Oh yeah,” huffed Dean under his breath.
“It is with great honor, and by the power vested in me. By the love that brought us all here together today, and the bonds for which you both hold. In Heaven, in Hell, on Earth and all the places in the vast cosmic universe and beyond, I now pronounce you Dean and Castiel Winchester. Now kiss boys!”
Finally Dean had enough of Sammy looking at him. “Sammy, stop it. I know you saw Cas.”
He went into the library to find Sam and Eileen going over a case they were getting ready to head out to. He stood in the doorway listening to them. It wasn’t that far away, but farther than they had been on since she moved in. A half day's drive, probably would take a day or two. A couple of werewolves hold up in a town in northern Nebraska.
“Seriously, I’ve lost track of how many times I’ve told you about this.”
Still smiling, Cas replied, “Let’s get breakfast first, Dean.”
Castiel continued, “No, I have a small garden, in the area that your family lives. I also have many bees. I arranged it with Jack so that all the bees that die here on Earth come to Heaven.”
The older angel thrust deep and hard, the angle hitting Dean’s prostate just right, sending him closer and closer to climax. Dean held on, nails digging into uCas’ back as he moved his hips in tune with Castiel’s thrusting.
“Oh. I could go.”
“I don’t understand it, Bobby. Can’t even put away his crap for one day,” replied Dean.
Dean pulled the chair up closer to Cas, and took his hand. “Cas, how are you feeling?”
“Okay, maybe we should set a date first.”
Sam and Cas had gone off for the weekend on a quick case in Nebraska. They rarely go on cases just the two of them, and Sam figured it was time for them to get another under their belts. Eileen stayed behind with Dean, helping him figure everything out. Cas had no experience at all with weddings, and even though he was more than happy to help out, Dean told him that he should be in charge. At least in charge of the guest list, food and entertainment.
Dean was out before he knew what was happening. Cas laid him back gently, covering him with the blanket that was pulled back. He watched as Dean slept soundly.
“So… did you get it?”
“But,” Jack interrupted, knowing that Dean had more to say.
******
“Why not go to Heaven?”
Jack appeared in the room. “Dad, I need help.”
Dean looked at Cas confused, “What do you mean? You don’t get thirsty.”
“I’m ready. But Cas, I have to say something first.”
Dean chucked, “Yeah, but babe, I’ve been doing it my whole life. You have eons of not doing it. And your only experience with it has been brief compared to the rest of your life.”
“What car do you have?” Cas asked.
He found Cas in the main room of the bunker, near the entrance. Cas was sitting at the table, he looked peaceful, eyes closed, concentrating.
“Damn fool! Can’t see that his son is finally happy and instead he sinks further into the hole he dug for himself,” Bobby said, he was anger at John than he ever had been when they were living.
“I will, yeah of course.”
Dean went off to his bedroom. He removed his button down work shirt and jeans, leaving just a black t-shirt and boxers. He rubbed his eyes, yawning, as he got into bed. Realizing the end of the night was awkward, he yelled at himself in his head.
“You are so annoying, Dean.”
“Cas? What are you talking about?” Dean questioned, concern growing in his voice.
Dean spoke as he approached the entrance to the kitchen, “You know, if you wanted to come home for a snack you could have done that at any time. No need to be sneaking around at night over a damn snack.”
“Oh, okay. Well, I guess I’ll be going then,” she replied, she had a look of disappointment on her face. She stood there, looking at the book a moment before continuing. “I talked to Meg, Cas.”
Dean let out a slow and deep breath. “Sammy, he was happy.”
“No. I’m not needed right now.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m dreaming. This is all a dream,” Dean muttered to himself.
“Holy fuck,” Dean said under his breath.
“Scooby-Doo?” Asked Jack quizzically.
Dean stepped down onto a large plank of wood on the floor and felt the sudden sharp pain in the sole of his foot.
Dean didn’t get another chance alone with Cas that day. Every time he did either Sam or Eileen would come into the room. By time night came, he knew that he needed to get it out there. He had to say something.
“Hello,” Jack said with a smile. “Everything okay? Dad feeling any better?”
“Jack, I can’t do this if I can’t see them.”
The sound of wings fluttering in filled the car and Jack was suddenly sitting next to him.
Castiel laughed softly, “Dean, time in Heaven is different. When we go back it will be like no time has passed.”
“Let’s get him to the infirmary, Jack,” said Sam as he went to his brother and friend’s side.
He’s impossible.
Dean’s and his.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling. “All right, Casanova.” Hopping down from the counter, he takes Cas’s hand.
Cas has trouble keeping up with their conversation. It takes a herculean effort to continue.
“Besides,” Dean went on, “you would’ve been out working on the hives until midnight if I hadn’t interrupted.” As he speaks, one of his hands finds their way to Cas's chest. Absently, he traces the skin above Cas’s shirt’s collar.
It’s in his eyes, aching as they drop like a star to Cas’s lips.
Dean smiles. His forehead comes to rest against Cas’s, eyes closing to savour the moment. “I love you too, Cas.”
“You could have just told me.”
Dean’s finds its home once more on Cas’s waist, pulling him close and holding him there. His expression is softer now; tenderness, etched upon every feature. His gaze carries heat. It burns Cas as surely as his touch.
It’s in his voice, brimming with earnestness.
The touch is maddening. It burns. It makes him shiver. Cas can’t think; where thought ought to be is the dull roar of a star, shining.
Dean, of course, is dancing, ACDC’s ‘You Shook Me All Night Long’ on at top volume. He’s surrounded by a small storm of used cooking utensils, a smudge of flour on his cheek. The sweet smell of baking apples and pastry hangs heavy in the air.
And then they’re dancing again; not to the music this time, but to something slower and deeper. They sway like they have all the time in the world — because, at long last, they do. They have the rest of their lives to figure this out. Perhaps, it will not be easy, but it will be theirs.
“I love you, Dean Winchester.” It’s as simple and complicated as that.
Dean grins, jumping back into the song with renewed enthusiasm. His voice’s part challenge, part coaxing. The teasing curve to his mouth says he knows full well Cas isn’t about to join in on his singing, but that he’s going to persist anyway.
His and Dean’s.
Cas understands.
Fondness flares in Cas’s chest, overriding his exasperation.
And then they’re dancing to the beat of the song, one of Dean’s hands in Cas’s and the other on his waist. It’s loose and easy, and Cas finds himself laughing away the last of his annoyance.
“You’re delusional.”
Cas’s hand finds its way to Dean’s jaw, stubble scraping his palm as he kisses Dean back. His lips are his answer. His tongue is a promise.
Blocking him, Dean brandishes a spoon like a microphone and precedes to sing at him. Never a man to do things by halves, Dean throws himself into it. He’s all passion, crowding Cas away from the stereo.
It is glorious.
He loves Dean, well and truly and so thoroughly that he defied God himself.
Their bodies meet.
Closer.
He’s had enough.
He’s insufferable.
It’s pray.
And Dean… Dean loves him back, has loved him for just as long. Secretly. Silently.
That’s all the encouragement Dean needs: he catches Cas by the wrist and pulls him in.
He kisses Cas, and he trembles as he does so. Lips, parted. Tongue, tentative but seeking. Wanting. He kisses Cas like he still can’t quite believe he’s allowed to, even now. There’s an ache to it, a longing.
Cas forgets the music, forgets his bees, forgets the whole world.
“That is physically impossible, Dean. He’s a dog.”
He whispers the next lyric like a confession and even though the song isn’t suited for softness Dean carries it there.
Cas does no such thing.
Cas draws back from Dean, taking care not to stand on Miracle as he does so. He holds out his hand. “Dance with me, Dean.”
It’s worship.
When the timer goes off for the pie in the oven, Cas groans against Dean’s mouth.
Pulling away, Dean hurries through the task of turning the oven off and setting the pie on the windowsill to cool.
“Yes,” Jack replied. “We already talked about it several days ago. It’s not up to me. I can only make it happen.”
“Yeah, but that only works here. I don’t think I can use the excuse of being God’s Dad on Earth,” replied Dean, causing the four of them to smile, lightening the mood a bit.
“No. Not yet at least. But when I do I know where I’m going. It won’t be nice for me.”
Two days passed before Rowena finally showed up. She hadn’t been back on Earth since before Dean and Cas returned. Little Dean ran to her, arms opened, excited to see the redheaded Queen of Hell.
Castiel’s wings vanished and he rolled over to his back. Gabriel picked up the bullet, making the blood on it disappear before he vanished as well. He took it to Sam, to see if it would help him in his search.
Everyone cheered as Sam sat back down. People all turned to Claire for her hunter of honor speech, but she had a mouthful of pie and had no clue what to even say.
“No, Dean. I know I said I wanted to grow old with you, and I still do. But I don’t want to not be able to protect you. I want to be able to heal you when you get hurt, to save you when you get sick. To be there for you through everything. If I was an angel I’d be able to do that. And when you do die, we will be together in Heaven. It would be as if nothing happened. So no, I do not want to remain human. If that’s okay with you?”
Dean’s eyes grew wide. “Shit. Okay, just focus. Warn me when he’s near.”
“No, I do not. The only time I ever have was when I was human.”
“Hey Jack,” said Dean.
*****
“Dad, I don’t think I understand what you are saying.”
Cas continued, “He wanted to know Derek, one of the new angels, would be a good fit to take over my garden while I am here on Earth. I think he’d be a good fit. In life he was a very successful gardener and bee keeper.”
Cas gave Dean a tired look. “Dean, it wasn’t important at the time.”
“I can’t get the bullet out. Everytime myself or Gabriel tries to get it out, it sends off this energy sort of. It hurts us and Dad. I think it's magic,” said Jack.
“I am so happy for you boys,” she stated proudly.
“Better. The pain is gone. Thank you, Dean. I’m sorry we had to put you in that position.”
It was originally just gonna be smut, but I got way too into the plot. It will be a part of a series, I have a sequel planned, cause I also need to know what happened when they left their bodies and when they come back. I already have the plot figured out and whatnot.
“Leave us alone, asshole. We were having a conversation,” said Meg, annoyed.
“Chuck,” Jack spoke. His words were soft yet pointed.
Dean suddenly felt sad. “Yeah, but most of my family and friends are dead. Most of them are in Heaven.”
“Those are weird. Really weird. But awesome. I can feel them, always. I keep thinking I’m going to knock into crap. In Heaven I got to take them out, and they are awesome! Flying is weird though, it’s not like how I imagined. But I’ve only teleported so far.”
Dean tried to maintain focus on the road. But he kept looking over at Cas who looked scared. Dean didn’t understand how this could even happen. Sam still hadn’t found anything else out about the gun, and the bullet was useless.
“Our lives have never been normal. What is normal for us is so far beyond the realm of belief for most people. Hell, I killed God and Hilter. Well, the man who used to be God. I mean, we got sucked into a Scooby-Doo episode. That’s not normal, I mean it’s not even normal for most hunters out there.”
“Did you call anyone else?” Gabriel asked Jacked.
Dean stared into the darkness. He knew the prayer would go unanswered, as usual. Sighing deeply, Dean went to lay back down. If he couldn’t sleep, he would at least try to let his body relax.
“Yeah, yeah. Cas and I took down a crossroad demon collecting souls earlier than he was supposed to. What the hell Rowena? You’re supposed to be in charge of these dicks. And what’s the deal with them not liking you? I mean, I see their point but come on.”
“The Empty.”
“Yeah, it’s a vacation after the wedding.”
“Hey, Rowena,” said Dean.
Jack took a deep breath, then replied, “I’m not sure.”
******
Sam woke up before everyone else. Eileen was still fast asleep next to him when he rose, kissing her forehead gently. He made his way to the kitchen to get some coffee in him to start his day.
Once Jack had everything prepared in Heaven he unlocked the entrance and everyone made their way there through the storage closet. They all found it strange that it was in a closet, but didn’t question things too much. There were some things that as a hunter you just didn’t question. Finally the only two left were Dean and Cas. Jack asked them to wait a moment while he went back to Heaven, to get everyone settled in before coming back to give them the okay to head upstairs.
Dean beamed as he replied, “1967 Chevy Impala.”
Dean was about to reply when his phone rang. He looked at the caller ID, it was Rowena. “Rowena, hey.”
Jack stayed quiet for a moment, letting Dean think about this a bit more. He was okay with making Dean into an angel. He actually liked the idea of having both of his Dad’s being angels. He wanted them to be together for the rest of eternity. Whether that means them as humans, angels or one human and one angel. They deserved eternity.
“I was supposed to get you out, that’s it. I didn’t do that though. I disobeyed Heaven for you, Dean. I rebelled, that’s not something you want to do when it comes to Heaven, well at least back then.”
Cas looked down at his lap. “Oh, I’m sorry, Dean. If I’m making you uncomfortable, or you feel things have changed between us, I’m sorry. I didn’t ever mean for things to be like that.”
Dean pushed the wedding to the farthest corner of his mind, and turned his attention to more exciting things. Jack had made a surprise visit today to give Dean a gift. He had given Jack the task then of taking care of the wedding on Heaven’s side of things. Which mostly meant making sure that those who were still alive in unharmed.
Cas paused and looked up at her. Hannah was an assistant to one of their professors. She meant well but a lot of times she came off as meddlesome into other students' education.
Rowena continued, “Let the angelic grace that ribbons itself onto the rings be a symbol of your love. And a reminder that no matter how close or far apart you both shall be, you will always be together.
“I guess it does. I’ve only had sex, as an angel, one other time. But yes it did feel like that.”
“Dean,” Cas replied, his voice breathy and rough.
Eileen nodded in agreement. Jack sat still for a moment, deep in thought as to what the next move should be. Dean shot Cas a glance, each of them doing just the same. Trying to figure out where to go next from here.
“Don’t you think about it, Sammy,” stated Dean firmly.
Tucking his wings up and behind him, he was surprised that it didn’t hurt to lay on them. Castiel laid next to him, his wings positioned the same as Dean’s. They laid there together, not a drop of sweat, not even a little out of breath. The sensations of their climaxes settled down until it was finally gone.
“I don’t think so. This one is different. If it was then why isn’t Cas dead already. No, this is something else entirely. I don’t think it has the same effects as the Equalizer.”
He slowly walked into his dorm and crawled into bed. The taste of Dean’s kiss still lingering on his lips. He wanted to savor the moment, but Dean leaving abruptly like that made his head swim. He fell asleep still thinking of the kiss, and the night that led up to it. His last thoughts were of Dean before he fell into a dreamless sleep
“Garden? You have a garden in Heaven? Wait, it’s not The Garden is it?” Dean asked, glancing at Cas as they cruised down the highway.
“Yeah.”
Cas never moved from his neck as their clothes suddenly disappeared. Dean felt Cas’ cock rubbing against his own. He rocked his hips, the friction of their swollen cocks against each other made his stomach roll as he moaned in Castiel’s ear. The sounds that came from Dean caused Cas to kiss him again, his own hips bucking against the younger angel.
Cas went to a pile of paperwork behind the counter, the list of books that they had ordered away for in the past few weeks. He made a mental note to organize it. “She has the day off, but I can check for you.”
“Cas, what are you talking about?”
“But it didn’t last as long last time?”
Dean raised a brow at Cas. “Okay? You’re okay with that?”
Jack told me about Chuck, and what he did to him. And how he was now, more or less, God.  He got to work creating more angels, making Heaven’s number what they should be. Then Jack and I, along with a group of angels, began to open up Heaven.”
The angel sat up and back onto his knees, grabbing onto Dean’s thighs. Dean arched his back, this made Cas pull him up slightly, holding him with his ass and lower back off the bed slightly. Dean cried out as Cas’ cock began to hit his prostate. Rubbing against it with each thrust.
“Great, yeah. Did you want to talk to him?”
“Hey, picked up dinner on the way back. Take out,” Sam stated, placing the bags on the table.
“Dean, you’re an angel. That’s not an issue.”
“Yes, Dean?”
She stood up anyways, swallowing her food before she began. “Oh, well. Hi, I’m Claire. My father, Jimmy, was Cas’ vessel. I lost my family because of Cas, but I gained one as well. The Winchesters are my family, and they brought a wonderful woman into my life, who is my second Mom, Jody. It’s funny, the day I lost my dad, I didn’t expect that several years later I would be a hunter. I didn’t expect that I’d have a second Mom, and two sisters. I didn’t ever expect that the angel that used my Dad as a vessel would become like a second Dad to me, nor did I expect Dean to be as well, which I guess he is now. And that also means I have a brother, who's the spawn of Lucifer and God. My life has been weird… Anyways, because of you two I am a Novak, a Mills and a Winchester. I am so happy for the both of you. I love you guys.”
Cas began to come, pouring into Dean’s tight hole. He groaned roughly as he slammed into the new angel. Filling him, overflowing his ass, his seed spilling out of it.
“Not sure, shouldn’t be too long now,” stated Cas. He turned to Dean, “We should stop by the cabin while we are up here. If something is coming there’s something there that might help us.”
“Yeah, I’ll be out in a minute,” Dean yelled back, never taking his eyes off of Cas.
“You’ll all be together one day. And we will be too.”
“Cas, I want you,” he begged.
******
“I suppose that makes sense.”
“So do I. But you should at least have something else to wear. You did when you were human. And you’ve changed your suit over the years. Why don’t we head into Hastings today. Get you a few outfits. At least something to wear to bed. You can’t wear my clothes forever.”
Dean kissed Cas goodnight and snuggled up in his arms. As Castiel dozed off, Dean remained awake, thinking about the whole mess of a situation. As he finally began to fall asleep a thought crept into his mind. Jack had the ability to make new angels, from human souls. If Jack made him an angel, and made Cas an angel once again after his grace was completely gone, then he and Cas could truly be together forever.
Dean’s begging moans made Cas thrust harder and harder. Faster and faster. His hand pumping the hunter’s cock in rhythm and speed to his thrusting. Dean moved his hands to the bed, gripping the sheets tightly, threatening to pull them up off the mattress. His eyes closed tightly, jaw clenched as he began to come.
When Cas didn’t have classes and he wasn’t holed up in the library he was at work. Retail was boring, but it was helping him pay for college, and at least he was able to get a bit of a discount for his textbooks there. His boss Naomi, was out for the day, leaving Castiel to run the small bookshop by himself. He was glad she was gone, she always yelled whenever he made even the smallest mistake.
“No, I mean, leave the room. Um, you seem to have a problem. A human problem.” Cas looked down briefly, signaling to Dean.
“Mostly just helped my uncle out. He owns the Salvage yard you pass when heading out of town. I had to replace a few parts in my car. Besides that, nothing really, man. Just nice to get a few days not having to work.”
I know that you love me, I will never doubt that. But you are able to see my true form now, what I really look like. I’m afraid that if you see me, the real me, then you might not feel the same. But I have to ask, would you ever want to see my true form?”
Sam looked perplexed, “What? Why?”
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine. I think I just stepped on something.”
“Cuddle?”
Jack gave Dean a concerned look, hoping for some clarification. But Dean gave none. He didn’t know anymore than Jack did, and in the end it wasn’t up to either of them. Castiel had to decide this on his own. It was his choice in the end.
“Dean, that’s amazing! Congrats!” Sam exclaimed
The name caused Dean to stop. He realized how much he loved Jack calling him that, it felt right. But hearing it being said in a tone that was trying to stay in control yet panicking underneath wasn’t how he ever wanted to hear it.
Dean wandered the bunker, closing his eyes as he passed the door to the archives. Beyond those doors, hidden away was the dungeon. The last place Dean ever wanted to step foot into again. Making his way to the kitchen, he grabbed a beer from the fridge. Better to drink and forget. But he couldn’t forget, no matter how hard he tried.
Sam looked concerned, wondering if his brother was really okay. He didn’t push it though, he knew it would all come out later on.
“Jack, um… Cas, uh, your Dad and I are… well..” Dean began, stumbling over his words.
Cas shook his head playfully.
Jack grinned from ear to ear at the words. Cas’ eyes grew wide, his mouth opened slightly before he closed it again. He didn’t know if he heard those words correctly or not. But the look on both Dean’s and Jack’s faces told him that he did.
They had given Jack a large stack of cards to hand out to those who were in Heaven. He happily took them, vanishing into thin air. Jack’s side of things took a much shorter time since almost everyone lived close by to each other in Heaven.
Dean was happy to have Jack back along with Cas. They were a family, they always had been but now even more so. He couldn’t believe after months of darkness in his life, everything was how it should be. He had Cas back, and Cas was his. It was perfect, the way he always wanted deep down, even when he didn’t know it.
“Cas!” Raphael yelled. “I never took you for the fun type. But now look at you, hanging out at bars and now parties. Maybe I was wrong about you, roomie.”
Dean beamed, turning to Jack he pulled him in for a hug. Not caring that he was getting his back wet due to the soapy water on his hands.
Jack walked over to Castiel and placed his hands on his temple. Jack closed his eyes and focused, when he opened them again they shined gold. Castiel’s blue eyes shone bright blue and white. In an instant, he felt his grace come flooding back into him. As Jack stepped away Castiel felt better than he felt in the past few weeks.
“Yeah, you’re right. I like it, Cas. Gotta make sure the bees are okay.”
Jack smiled, “Yes, angels. We need more angels to help us. Give everyone the extra protection.”
Castiel grinned, “Yes, Dean, I am. As long as you fully understand what that would mean. I’d love for you to be an angel with me.”
“Are we going to do this every week?” The nephilim asked.
“I don’t understand. Would you prefer me to sit?”
“I wonder if you have already seen me. Maybe you’d be able to see me again.”
First off, thank you to everyone who has read and will read this. I’ve never really posted anything I’ve written before, but once I started writing it I thought hey why not.
Dean snuggled in closer to Dean, putting his arm around him. It felt nice, right even. They fit together perfectly. Dean smiled as he closed his eyes, telling Cas goodnight and that he loved him. Cas told him the same, before gently placing a kiss on his forehead.
“Cas?” Dean whispered loudly. He didn’t care if it was a dream or not.
“Cas!” She exclaimed.
They continued dancing together for a while longer. More people joined them on the dance floor, while others made their way to the bar or the pool tables. When the second song ended Dean and Cas made their way off of the floor. They went off on their own for a bit, catching up with their friends and family on their own.
“This is my garden. It’s where I come to think,” said Cas.
“Yeah, Dean. We’ll go to Vegas.”
“Hannah, I’m fine. Really.” He tried to give her a reassuring smile.
Dean and Cas were in Vermont, hiking in a densely forested area when they came across an old broken and abandoned stable. The building was massive, the roof half caved in and old broken boards littered the dirt floor.
Cas narrowed his eyes, tilting his head to the side slightly. “Yes, I’m an angel, Dean. You know this.”
“Dean! Look! It’s a bee!”
“A Dean habit,” Cas thought to himself. He smiled briefly, thinking about the bartender.
Cas slammed into him, letting go of every thought other than the need to fill him. To fuck him hard. He moaned as he closed his eyes and threw his head back. He pumped into Dean, filling his ass with his come. His hand moved up and down, squeezing at the head and the base with each stroke. Dean’s cock spilled out onto his stomach, covering it with his come.
Cas had friends, even though he didn’t call them that. He had people in his life, like Hannah and Meg among others, who he talked to and had a good time with. But none of them made him countdown the days and hours until he could see them again.
“I know, Sammy. It’s not Jack. Though I wish he could answer calls every once in a while. I’m worried about him, but that’s fine. All kids grow up and leave the home one day.”
“That obvious?”
“Yeah, I’m fine Cas,” replied Dean. “It’s just a lot. What is that?”
“He’ll be back. Plus Jack will be here in another day for dinner. I’m sure Cas will be back home then.”
Dean hadn’t realized just how tired he was. Cas was right, he hated it, but he was right. Cas reached out to touch his shoulder again, Dean didn’t have time to react and he was suddenly in his bedroom again.
Dean remembered The Garden in Heaven. It wasn’t Eden, at least Dean didn’t think it was. But it was beautiful. He smiled at the image of Cas working in a garden, bees collecting pollen from the flowers. He felt that Cas would be at peace there.
“Dean, wait. I’ve never…” Cas trailed off.
Dean thought about it for a moment. “I want to kiss you now,” he said as he leaned towards Cas.
Dean smiled slightly and nodded. He kept his eyes on Cas, fearful he would leave without notice. Sam began making breakfast, Dean knew he should go get dressed and ready for the day, but he didn’t want to leave Cas.
“Cas, that was… awesome!”
“Johnathan, Katie, go and retrieve Chuck’s body, we have to salt and burn him. Claudia, get in contact with Hell, Rowena needs to know what happened. I’m sure Chuck is already there, but she needs to know.”
“Rowena just called, said that she heard about the case we went on, those demons. Said there was a fourth demon that hid from us,” Dean replied.
Over the next two days Cas felt his grace leave his body. He felt weaker than he ever had before. When he woke up on the third day he couldn’t feel his wings anymore, and the presence of his grace was gone. He was human, completely and utterly human.
Cas blushed, his face turning red. Pamela chuckled at the sight, she knew that Cas clearly had a crush on Dean. Before they could say anything else the doors to the kitchen swung open, Dean stepped out and saw Castiel, his face lighting up.
Sam turned to Dean, “Eileen and I will start putting up more warding.”
The day came that Jack would come for dinner. Sam and Dean were in the kitchen, preparing their meal. Dean was making burgers, and Sam was trying to get the dishes done. Sam was making jokes about being amazed that Dean knew how to cook, even though he knew he could. Hell, he had raised him and had been making him food for years.
“Yeah, that’s a start,” Dean paused, “What if we do it a month from now?”
Jack noticed Dean’s hesitation. He reassured him that he didn’t have to do this if he didn’t want it. But Dean wanted this, there was no going back. He didn’t want to go back.
The sound of footsteps caused Dean to focus on the environment around him. He looked over at the entrance as Sam stepped down into the kitchen. He was carrying two large paper bags, the smell of the food inside made Dean realize just how hungry he was.
“We’ll figure this out, Cas. I promise,” the Winchester said gently as he caressed the angel’s face gently with his hand.
Dean turned off the light and laid back down. He could hear Cas’ subtle movements. He could tell the angel was trying not to fidget, this was unusual for him.
“He is mortal now, just as human as you three are,” stated Jack, looking at the three humans in the room.
“Since I was a teenager, well late teens. She was my Dad’s car, but he gave her to me. One of the only things he gave me that wasn’t a piece of shit apology gift. Though, she probably was now that I think about it.”
The angel and the hunter talked for a bit longer before Dean eventually fell asleep. He slept soundly, for the first night all week. No nightmares of losing Cas, no dreams either. Just peaceful sleep. When he woke up the next morning he felt rested.
Inside he could see the bullet. It was lodged into a bit of flesh. It wasn’t large but it was deep enough that he would need tweezers. Gabriel brought over a metal table that had several bloody paper towels and even bloodier tweezers. Dean picked them up and prepared mentally for what he was about to do.
Castiel looked at Dean, the hunter’s green eyes filled with sadness.
They found a secluded area within the garden. Surrounded by large flowers and trees, and in the middle a quiet stream. It was beautiful. The two sat down, and fell into each other’s arms.  Touching Cas as an angel was different for Dean. It was like touching him again for the first time.
Dean stepped in closer, moving his head towards Cas, who was frozen in place. Dean leaned in, his lips mere inches from the angels. Dean closed his eyes and pressed his lips to Castiel’s. The angel’s lip’s were soft and full, they parted slightly, allowing Dean to deepen the kiss. Cas tasted sweeter than anything Dean had ever tasted before. His mouth was soft and gentle.
“Cas, yes,” she cut him off, knowing already what he was trying to ask.
******
Cas smiled softly, he liked the thought of being friends with Dean. He didn’t think a guy like Dean would ever want to be friends with him. But then again, Meg was his friend and he had never expected that in a million years.
If he became an angel again, there was one major perk to it. He could protect Dean, and the rest of his human family. As a human he wouldn’t be able to, at least not to the same extent. And ultimately that was the most important thing to Cas, protecting his family.
“Rowena! How is the Queen of Hell in Heaven?” Dean asked, bewildered and happy at the sight of the witch.
What no one knew was that Chuck did have a way to harm the new God. He didn’t have the Equalizer anymore of course. But he did have another weapon, one that he had hidden away on Earth. It couldn’t kill Jack, nor any celestial being. But it could weaken them slowly to the point that they would no longer be able to use their powers, making them human. It was a Fall made of metal.
Dean, do you take Castiel to be your husband. To have and to hold from this day til’ the ends of the universe. For better or for worse, for angel, for human, in Heaven and on Earth, to love and to cherish; from this day forward.”
At seven thirty Castiel got up, deciding it was time to get ready. He left his dorm feeling hopeful and excited for what the night would have to offer.
Dean nodded, “Yeah, but it’s not the same as I feel about Cas.”
“Oh and the giant underground bunker in the industrial building that gives off massive amounts of magic isn’t obvious? I’m keeping them up, Dean.”
Jack had to leave, Dean didn’t want him to but he knew that it was for the best. Jack had a job, and he was keeping him from it. Jack vanished, leaving Dean alone in his room. He felt better now that he saw Jack and knew that he was okay.
“Dean, we need to talk,” began Sam. He continued, “Ever since Cas and Jack, you haven’t been yourself.”
“Wait, are you just going to leave again? You just got here!” Dean exclaimed, raising his voice.
Not long after Dean fell asleep he was suddenly woken up by the feeling of a presence in the room. Sitting upright, he tried to see in the darkness. Finally he turned on the light on the nightstand, Cas was standing on the end of his bed.
Dean always knew he was into men. It was never an issue when he was drinking and enjoying one night stands with random men from bars. But when it came to relationships it was a whole other story. Years of repressed emotions, internalizing phobias, and the bullshit his father put into his head. Sex was sex. But when emotions came into play it made it more real. He feared real.
Sam laughed quietly to himself. “One brother is an archangel and the other is an archangels vessel.”
“Dean, I have a solution.”
Cas watched as Dean began to slowly open himself up. One finger at first, slowly pushing in inch by inch. Then a second one, then a third. The hunter closed his eyes tightly as he fingered himself, moving his fingers just right to open himself up more. Cas’ began to rub his own, never taking his eyes off of Dean.
Cas was taken back slightly by the question. It was an odd one for Dean this time in the morning. He thought of Jimmy, who was in Heaven now. Jimmy Novak was a good man, he deserved better than but then again he did his duty to Heaven which is all he ever wanted in life.
“Dad, you realize what that would mean, right? Sam will still be human. You’d have to watch him die, along with everyone else you love on Earth.”
“Hey Jack, we need to talk, so get your ass down here,” he said in the empty Impala.
“It means that I’m more powerful than I ever was. I’m stronger, and harder to kill now.”
Sam smiled, thinking about his family, he was glad that they are all together finally again. He wished he could see them, but was glad that his time wasn’t up just yet. Dean’s face never changed, he had a look of concern, yet glad.
Cas pointed to one of the feeds in the upper right corner. “Look!”
Dean was confused by the question at first. Of course he found Cas attractive. He never gave much thought about Jimmy. When he did meet the devout man, it was awkward. When Dean looked at him all he saw was Cas. Separating the two was easier in words, not in vision.
The two spent time sitting there, enjoying the garden. Cas told him of what was going on back on Earth, how he and Dean were doing, as well as what Sam and Eileen were up to lately. Jack decided to leave all the Heaven business out of the conversation for the rest of the visit. Instead choosing to talk about more joyful topics. Like John and Mary Winchester, and the adventures they have been getting into in Heaven now that they were once again reunited. And of Bobby Singer, a man who didn’t know Jack in life, but was quickly an important part of his family.
Cas pulled back from the kiss and lifted Dean up slightly, his feet dangled behind Castiel. As Cas lowered him again Dean felt his husbands cock pressed against his entrance. Already wet and open, angel magic was a godsend, Dean thought as Cas pushed into his hole. Stretching him out, pushing in deep in one thrust til he bottomed out.
“He said before I might be able to. I can’t leave him. I won’t!”
“Maybe he’s right,” he said to himself.
Cas squinted his eyes at her, sighing. “Meg?”
“I don’t understand why I didn’t think of this before. There’s one thing that was owed something that it only had for a short time. Something that could go back on any agreement it made with anyone if it felt like it. And would be able to do so, with no consequences. Something we cannot fight, we cannot beat it.”
“Hello, Dean,” she replied. Dean could hear the smile on her lips. “I heard you took down one of my demons recently.”
Dean was confused, “Opened? Heaven?”
Dean got up and walked back to Cas, his heart broken yet felt as if it could finally heal all those old wounds. It felt good to stand up to John. He was being honest, he did love and miss his Dad. But Dean knew that he couldn’t let this slide, not anymore. Years of John’s crap had left more scars than he ever got hunting. He needed to let them begin to heal.
“Look, whatever Cas decides is up to him. If he stays human, for whatever reason, then we have to respect that. And if he wants to be an angel again, we respect that. But the reason he is even thinking of staying human is for me.”
Cas swallowed, “Dean, I’m not sure what to do.”
Dean nodded awkwardly. His heart sank, fearing that Cas wouldn’t show up. They weren’t officially dating, nothing had been said about what was to become of them. Dean feared that Cas didn’t want that.
“Wrong. There was a fourth. He hid while his friends got slaughtered by angels. Came running back to Hell, to warn everyone that the fearsome Dean Winchester was an archangel now. But that’s not all, he also said that the crossroads demon gave you a message. Mind telling me what that’s about?”
Cas agreed with Jack. Jack and the angels all deserved a break. Heaven was at peace, Hell was being ruled by Rowena, a powerful ally and friend. And Earth still had hunters taking care of things. And the Winchesters were still saving people and hunting things.
“Jack, hi. Where’s Sam and Dean?” Chuck’s voice was wary. He tried to sound confident but the air of nervousness was loud.
“So, you spend the night with her a lot. You gonna move in or something?” Dean asked, his mouth full of food.
“Wait, son?” Gabriel asked, his face lit up with curiosity.
Dean looked at him confused, “Extra help?”
Cas took another drink, he didn’t know enough about cars to say much else. “I don’t have a car, haven’t really felt the need to get one since starting school. Everything I need is within walking distance, or the bus.”
Finally Jack spoke again, “He most likely is not here on friendly terms. This means we need more protection around the bunker. Sam, Eileen, warding the place even more is a good start. Hopefully that will keep him out. But we can’t forget that he had been God since the beginning. He would know more than one way for even a human to get around warding. We are going to need extra help here.”
“Wait, so that means?” Gabriel paused, a smile danced across his face as he realized what was going on. “That means that you two are together then. Finally!”
He smiled at the thought of the bartender. Castiel didn’t know why he was so excited by the idea of seeing him again. But every time he saw Dean’s freckled face and green eyes he felt happy. For once he actually felt happy and it had been a long time since he had.
Dean let go for a moment to grab his own cock before pressing it against the angel’s and began to stroke them against each other. Their hips moved together, pumping into Dean’s hand. They moaned into each other’s kiss; wanting and needing each other.
“Dean,” replied Cas, struggling to stay focused. “Dean, he shot my wing.”
“Hey Cas!” She said. “Let me take a guess. Here for the Winchester?”
“But when I wake up, you’ll be gone.”
They had no need for sleep nor food, their bodies never requiring fuel to keep going. They could go on and on for years to come, all they needed to keep going was each other. And while they were more than happy to continue on their journey, they wished to return home back on Earth. They had begun their journey on the night of their wedding, and it was finally time to return to Lebanon, Kansas. Home.
“Eileen, hello,” the angel replied.
Dean sighed, “Cas, you said earlier that you knew it was one-sided. It’s not, Cas.”
“I need you, Cas.”
“We think a human might be able to get it. We have to at least try. Dad, you have to try.”
“Around. What are you doing here, Chuck?” Jack’s voice became more sharp.
******
“I know, Dean. Thank you.”
“No?” Cas asked in reply, confused by the hunters sudden change in tone.
******
Jack sat in the garden on a bench watching the bee’s buzz by gently. He smiled as he saw Cas and Dean walking towards him. He raised his hand, spreading his fingers out to greet them.
“Well, your son is God after all now. I couldn’t miss this wedding. Also Jack gave me a very important role, I’ll be officiating the ceremony!”
Dean shook his head, “No man. I don’t want to lose Cas, not again. I can’t, Sammy. I can’t. I finally got him back, and we finally are together. Dammit, not like this.”
“Wait, Dad, are you thinking about staying human?” Asked Jack, confused by Cas’ statement.
Rowena with tears streaming down her face gently, then said, “Now you may exchange the rings.”
“Heaven is allied with Hell?” Asked Chuck slowly. Baffled by this statement.
“He told me he loved me, Sammy.”
“Yeah, I’ve been struggling lately. Got a lot on my plate right now.”
“I will if he wants me to.”
“Hey,” Dean spoke, causing Sam to stop and turn around, which made Eileen follow suit.  He continued, “I was thinking, I’m probably going to get rusty, and should get back to hunting. So, um, can I tag along?”
“So you think everything is back to normal? Now that we got Cas and Jack back?”
Jack shook his head, “No, I don’t think there is. And if there is, we will get to it. We all deserve a break from the rebuilding. It’s nice right now. I think we should all just enjoy the way things are.”
“You are your own vessel. Your body is, at least. You will have this form and your celestial form. Both are you though. The new angels are the same way. But the ones made by Chuck have human vessels, they don’t have an original human form.”
“Son of bitch!”
Dean felt a slight panic, “No!”
So instead they did what they did best. They hunted monsters and saved people. They spent the last two weeks in the Impala, going from case to case. Sam had told them to slow down, and that they had plenty of time to hunt. But they didn’t listen, they were better than ever at what they did. Together as archangels they were unstoppable as hunters.
Dean turned his attention to Sam. “No, not at all.”
He quickly went to Cas, who was now standing before him, and hugged him. He wasn’t sure how this was possible. But Sam really didn’t care at this point. Cas was here, alive, and home.
Dean sat at the table in awkward silence. Jack just sat there, smiling. He was happy to be home again. Cas noticed the awkwardness and offered to take the dishes into the kitchen to be washed. The three of them got the table cleared and went into the kitchen to do just that.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at the head tilt. “No, it’s fine, she can handle it. But she did say something interesting. Remember what that demon said to me before I killed it?”
“Yeah!”
Castiel’s eyes lit up. “Really?”
“Are you angels now?” She asked softly.
Dean took a break from winning several games of pool against a group of drunken college students to head to the bar to get the three of them more drinks. Cas wasn’t interested in playing and instead he just watched intensely.
“How do I leave it? My body or vessel or whatever?”
“What about Billie trying to kill you both was happy?” Asked Sam, bewildered by what Dean was telling him.
Dean suddenly got out of the car and walked in front of it. The headlights shining on him. He was frustrated and angry at himself for not being able to get the words out. They were there, on the tip of his tongue, but something held them back.
“I don’t think you’ve ever done this before, so I’ll show you,” Dean said as he closed his eyes and began to rub his fingers in a circle around the ring of his hole.
“Cas,” Dean said softly, his voice breaking.
Dean focused for a moment, he could feel them. He nodded. Jack and Cas grinned, they were excited for Dean to bring them forth and spread them open, showing them what they looked like.
“Dad, this will be overwhelming for you at first. I think you should stay in Heaven for a bit, just to get used to your new form. Just long enough to get used to it. As far as your true angelic form, that can wait, you will have to get used to everything else first. So don’t leave your vessel for a while.”
“If you want, Jack,” replied Sam.
“No. I mean, we can have the wedding in Heaven.”
“Fine, we will get a second opinion.”
“Morning. Hey Cas?” Dean asked, his voice hoarse.
But just as the fear began to sink in, the room was filled again with the unmistakable sound of an angel landing coming from behind him. Dean spun around, Cas was standing not two feet from him.
“Yes, Cas, cuddle.”
Soon the three of them were on the road. They got to the small town by nightfall. Finding a motel and crashing into their beds. Morning came too slowly. Dean really did want to get back to hunting. Maybe taking his anger at himself out on monsters would help, just like he used to.
“Fuck off, asshole,” she said holding her ground, unphased by the punch. She turned to Cas. “Think about what I said okay.”
“Dean, I thought that you didn’t feel the same way as I do,” Cas finally spoke.
“I’m sorry, Cas. Do you know what you are going to do?”
Cas walked over to Dean’s side of the bed. Dean moved to the other side, giving Cas room. Cas sat down on the bed slowly.
Dean had tried to see if Eileen could have helped him with the designing of the cards, but she was just as clueless as he was. Every other site they tried was just the same, and more expensive at that as well. Money wasn’t an issue, they still had those limitless credit cards that Charlie had set them up with. But it was still the principal of it. He didn’t see any sense in spending hundreds on cards that would most likely be tossed after the guest RSVPed to the wedding.
The nail had gone clean through Dean’s boot and foot. Blood pooled out of a small wound on both the bottom and top of his foot. Cas placed a hand on top of Dean’s foot, preparing to heal him of his injury but Dean stopped him.
“Cas, you good?” Whispered Dean in the darkness.
Eileen smiled at them, “I’m so happy for you guys!”
Cas rolled onto his back, taking Dean with him. Dean grinded his cock against Cas’, feeling the sensations that send shivers all over his body. He moaned into the angel’s mouth. Cas moved his hands onto Dean’s ass, gripping it firmly in his hands. Any sliver of nervousness he had the last time they had been together like this was gone.
Cas rolled his eyes, looking around the room for a get away.
“Sure, Cas.”
Dean laughed. “Probably not, but I don’t think Pamela minds as at.”
“You want your car in Heaven at your wedding?”
“No,” replied Cas. He frowned, trying to process what was happening.
“What did you tell him?”
“I do, yes,” began Jack. “I know what he has done, and still could do. But I can’t sit here and let him get a head start on whatever he is here for.”
Crowley watched Castiel as he stirred his drink casually. “You know, you can request a different roommate,” he said.
They found their seats at the table. Sam and Dean sat across from each other as always. Eileen took her place next to him, and Cas next to Dean. Jack sat at the head of the table. They began to pass the plates and dishes, preparing their food.
“Dean, I’m not human. I’m an angel. There is no human in me, that makes no sense,” stated Cas blankly.
Cheap boots and an old barn leads to Dean learning a new word.
The Winchester’s and their family both blood and chosen sat enjoying being together over their meals. They were reunited together, some for the rest of forever and some for just the night. But even then one day they would all be together forever. While many had thought that being together for just the night would be a sad event, not a single soul was sad. Just being together, even for a short time, for such an event was happiness.
Dean smiled, “Of course, Cas. It’s okay with me. I told you before I’d rather have you, the real you. The real you is an angel. If you wanted to stay a human, I’d be okay with that also. It’s up to you. But I also made a decision, if it’s okay with you.”
“I know, Dean. I wanted to come home, I really did. But it wasn’t a good time. I promise the work in Heaven is nearly done. I’ll come home more then,” replied Jack, giving Dean a reassuring smile.
Cas crept out of the room, not wanting to fly out and make too much noise. He wandered around the bunker, peeking his head into Sam’s room. He saw Sam sound asleep with Eileen next to him. Cas smiled, he was glad they were together.
“Good, cause you and me are gonna go for a ride.”
“New?”
“Oh, I don’t know. For us it hasn’t been that long since I asked him,” replied Dean.
“Dad, I was thinking about how far we’ve come with Heaven. Everyone’s Heaven is open, free to go wherever, see whoever they want. They can even keep to how things were, with their memories. Everyone is happy, this truly is paradise. We have many, many angels. More than there ever was. Heaven runs efficiently. It’s perfect. What do you think?”
But when he looked back he saw Cas. Truly saw him. Being a demon did have its perks. Dean had thought, at the time that the perks were the usual demonic powers. But no, the biggest perk was the ability to see demons and angels, to truly see them.
“No. You make time. At least once a week, for dinner. You, me, Sam and Eileen.”
“Naomi in today? She said she had ordered a book for me. I wanted to pick it up.”
“I think it does actually.”
Dean was happy for his brother. As much as he joked about Eileen being able to do better, they were perfect for each other. He knew Sam had a crush on her when they first met her on a case. And even after everything, and her death, Sam wanted her. He was broken when she died. When Sam brought her back, Dean knew that this was it. He had finally gotten his second chance. His real second chance. It was all he ever wanted for Sammy.
Cas lifted his head, smiling. “Good, so do I, Dean.”
“No, I‘ll still be here,” replied Cas as he reached out, placing two fingers on Dean’s head.
“Dean, I’m not sure what I want. I want to grow old with you, I want to experience life with you. But I also know what you want, and I know that life won’t be the same if I was human. Please, I need time to think about this.”
But today he figured he would take Miracle into town for their walk. Miracle loved it when passerbyers came up to him and gave him pats on the head and gentle rubs behind the ears.
Castiel wanted to insist but knew better. Dean wasn’t a fan of the constant healing, especially when he had it coming and it wasn’t that big of a deal to him.
“Okay, and?”
“Say something, Cas” stated Dean.
“Nothing. Just I’m doing dishes with two angels, one of which is basically God and the other an archangel. If you told me I’d be doing this fifteen years ago I would have thought you were possessed or something.”
Jack looked at Dean, and said, “Actually, I wanted to talk to you about that. You know I see you and Castiel as my father’s. I was wondering if I could call you Dad as well?”
Dean reached down to welcome the shaggy dog into his arms. He could tell that Miracle needed to let out some energy, and the bunker wasn’t the best place for that always. He put Baby out of his mind, as much as Dean Winchester was able to, and grabbed the leash, heading out for a walk.
He rarely stopped by the cabin. He had only had it since Jack got him out of the Empty. He wanted his own space in Heaven. A place he could go and think. In the beginning he wasn’t sure if he would be able to return to Earth and the Winchester’s for a while, and the room with the memories made him feel safe.
Dean nodded, “Yeah, Cas. Thank you.”
They walked towards campus, stumbling and laughing as they went. Cas couldn’t remember the last time he was this drunk, if he had ever even been this drunk before. It wasn’t long before they were standing in front of his dorm.
Dean continued, working his hand faster. Cas closed his eyes, lips parted. Dean pumped faster and faster, forcing Cas to go over the edge. Soon enough Cas was coming, he groaned into Dean’s kiss.
“I thought it was time I finally came back. Time is different in Heaven, you know that. It’s been a while since I’ve been on Earth. And now that we are nearly done rebuilding Heaven, I thought it was a good time. I just seem to have forgotten the time it is on Earth. I’m sorry, you should go back to bed, Dean.”
The two drank their beers, talking and laughing together. Dean told Cas about the patrons of the bar, the regulars and the weird ones. He told him about his little brother Sam, who was a lawyer and how he was engaged to his college sweetheart. Soon the two beer bottles on the table multiplied, and the laughter increased.
“It’s too late in the year for that.”
“It’s more intense for angels. But yes, with a guy. Have you?”
“Dean, it’s gone.”
“Yeah! She’s my baby,” replied Dean, ecstatic to talk about his car.
“Yeah. We will.”
Sam paused, he set down the pool cue on the table and went over to Cas. “Why not? He’s able to see it now.”
“So, Cas, what exactly happened?” Sam questioned Castiel.
Cas pulled back from the kiss. “Yes, I think a bed would be a good idea.”
Jack moved his hand and lifted the invisible filter that shielded Castiel’s wings from Dean's vision. Dean closed his eyes, nervous that he would go blind if he opened them. But he had to open them, he had to try to help get the bullet out. And even if he went blind, at least he could see Cas one last time and would be able to see part of his true form.
“I love you, Cas. These next hundreds of thousands of years will be the best for the both of us,” Dean paused, trying to process what he just said. “Wow, that is strange to think about.”
1. Four minus one in a fire, divide by three by disagreement then times three by circumstance. Minus one by the sanctified white light of not-Heaven. Minus one by a knife to the back, plus one by a demon deal, minus one by hounds. Add one angel, and multiply by God’s plan. What is the result?
Claire laughed triumphantly. Sam shooed her away.
He goes back to sleep and wishes for an out.
The darkness surrounds him until he forgets his name. Forgets home. Forgets everything, even the touch of warm sun, even the colour of midnight.
They’ve been searching and he already decided that whatever happened, it would break him
Dean’s pulse rockets to probably unhealthy heights, and he can just about hear it pounding in his ears, and Cas is just so casually leaning on him, and — oh. There’s the fire.
c. Other (please specify)
“Jack still not answering?” Dean asks blearily, scrubbing a hand across his eyes. Something pained flits across Sam’s face. “No,” he says shortly.
e. All of the above
The fantasy is brushed away in one swift movement by another gust of wind. Dean shivers, then takes a whirl at distracting himself with something else.
“Uh–huh.”
c. Cold
Claire watched him for a moment, then walked around the table to look at his screen.
3. Assess the accuracy of this statement: it is possible to die from a broken heart. Provide scientific reasoning for your response. Remember, not everything will happen how you think.
follow where he is bid. He feels he should.
Something is — pulling him. Something is reaching for the strands of his soul and almost grabbing it, brushing fingertips against the fraying.
“I know! I saw their staring too, dude.” Claire shuddered at the memory.
The words that fall from Cas’ mouth are nothing like what Dean imagines. “I’m sorry,” he says softly. “Did I overstep?” They hang quietly, gently, in the air between them, and Dean is looking away but he can see the clouds of his breath.
“Yeah,” he says simply.
Still it pulls, insistent —
Dean looks up, the beginnings of a refusal on his tongue, but Cas’ gaze is steady and insistent. He takes it from Cas, trying not to let it unfold, with only mumbled protests that go ignored.
He casts around for something else, anything else, something that won’t make his chest ache with want, but he can’t find anything.
When he crumples against the wall and sobs silently, Sam steps out in some semblance of privacy. The wooden door hangs open, though, and Dean knows how sound carries.
“Claire, you know how difficult it’s been for them to get to this point.”
1. Write a short narrative piece inspired by this quote:
Dean bites his lip and steers away from that train of thought.
“Cas,” he says again, desperately.
When he emerges from the black behind his eyelids, the sun is painfully bright and his vision tinted blue. He stretches out across the grass, feels the individual pieces between his hands, sun–warmed and too soft for him to be feeling what he is — grief that sits, ragged, lodged in his chest like glass shards stained bloody.
2. What is the sum of love and fate?
“Oh, I take it back, you
Something painful and foreign aches in Dean’s throat and sinuses, something which makes him contort his face to stop tears from welling up in his stinging eyes. “No — ,” his voice is scratchy, and he clears his throat. “No,” he continues, “you’re fine.”
a. Holiness + overconfidence
He remembers the writing. In a thick pen, the writing of someone who is usually careless with a pen but has slowed down for a moment, for something important.
Panic sends him flailing, but then he remembers he has no form. He’s not flailing. More … falling. His wings flap and find no resistance.
The cold air hits him immediately, and he pulls the windbreaker on over the several layers he’s already wearing. The snow is falling gently, and a few snowflakes land on his nose, tiny frozen pinpricks that quickly melt on his skin.
“Test me,” Claire said, before putting on her very best Castiel impression. “‘Dean, let me stare at you very intensely for seventeen business days.’”
He drifts back into eternal sleep.
It’s been four months.
From here, the cars look like brightly coloured beetles, gliding along the highway. Dean sits down heavily on the grassy crest of a hill and watches how the sun catches on the Impala’s hood.
Then they’re pouring over the book and Sam’s notes and several related documents, well into the night.
“Mhmmmmm,” Claire said, very much believing him. “Tell that to your girlfriend.”
Sam put his head in his hands. “Oh my G-d.”
Dean swipes the thin layer of snow that has gathered on Baby’s hood to the ground, sits, and then motions for Cas to join him. “Thought you might want to watch the snow for a while.”
“Wife,” Sam corrected her absently as he unlocked his phone, presumably to text Eileen.
“You should get a tetanus shot,” said Charlie.
Mary Winchester stood up then, figuring that if speeches were beginning it was her time to make hers. “When Dean was four and Sam was just a baby I died. My death set off the events that lead us here today. John became a hunter, raising our boys to be hunters. And while yes, part of me doesn’t exactly like them being raised as hunters, I am proud of the men they are today. But an important event that my death led to was Dean and Castiel coming into each other’s lives. Cas, I know I’ve been nervous around angels when I was alive, for the second time, but I know you are a good man. And I know how much you love my son, and I thank you for that. Welcome to the family, Cas, you’ve always been a Winchester and will always be one.”
He opened his eyes and was taken back by the sight in front of him. Castiel’s wings were huge, bigger than Dean had ever imagined. He knew they were big, but not this big. Even as large as they were they still weren’t their full size, Cas made sure they could fit into the room, he was as big as the Chrysler building after all. His feather’s were black with streaks of gold throughout them. Each feather was massive, long and thick. They were beautiful, more beautiful than anything Dean had ever seen.
Dean leaned in and kissed him. The kiss was gentle, and only lasted a moment before Dean broke away and placed his forehead on Castiel’s. Dean didn’t want to lose Cas in any way. He hated Chuck more than he had ever hated him before. He had no regrets about killing him. He just wished that he could have done it sooner, before this whole mess began.
“We go home, wait for Rowena,” replied Cas bluntly.
Gabriel let himself be seen. “Well, that was very anticlimactic before it became very climatic.”
After hours trying to figure out the designs for the invitations, Dean and Castiel finally settled on a simple one. A plain black background with a shiny gold trim border. Inside it simply said ‘you’re invited to the wedding of Dean Winchester and Castiel September 13th at the Men of Letters Bunker’. The lettering was askew, the color was slightly off and the border didn’t shine the way they wanted it to, but it was still perfect.
Sam shook his head, “No, it says here that there was never an official translation. The only people to have ever heard it spoken, outside of Chuck and Amara were Adam and Eve. But not even they understood it. But there is only one word that was ever written down with a translation. And it matches one on the gun. ‘Celestial’.”
“So you are still you then?” Eileen asked Cas.
Jack stood in the middle of the room, smiling. He raised a hand, spread his fingers and said hello. Dean jumped out of bed and grabbed Jack, pulling him in tightly hugging him.
“Yeah, no you were not,” Dean said, cutting him off with a smirk.
The three hunters and the angel sat at the table in the library. Empty plates from their breakfast scattered across the table. Cas sat next to Dean, watching him as he sipped his second coffee of the morning.
Dean creased his brow, baffled. “You forget about April. I know you have before.”
“Jack, I think it’s perfect. Rest, you need it. But there is always some work to be done in Heaven, and on Earth,” said Cas, giving him a stern look only a father could give.
“I know, Dean. I’m sorry. It took us a while between opening Heaven and creating the angels. They aren’t being created the same way that Chuck did. We had to train them, teach them about who and what they are. I wanted to come back, believe me, I did. But… I didn’t know if it would be painful.”
“Yes. I don’t know if I can restore his grace. The gun didn’t just wound his wing, it wounded his grace. If we tried to restore it, the gun's effects could just damage the new grace as well. Once his grace is gone though, the gun's effects would stop. And we’d be able to get him back to how he was before.”
Dean prayed silently to Cas in his own mind, hoping that he had his ears on. Cas had heard him as was there in an instant. The angel placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and suddenly the three of them, Dean, Cas and Miracle were back home.
“Your husband is kinda an idiot, Cas,” said Charlie.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Okay, if it’s not Jack, then Cas. What happened? You never told me everything. Just that he saved you by summoning the Empty, but never how he did it.”
The night went on for several more hours and several more beers. Cas told him about his classes and work. Every time he thought that Dean was getting bored of hearing about it Cas would look up to see Dean watching him, listening to every word. Normally Cas hated small talk, it was awkward and made him nervous. But with Dean it was relaxing, he didn’t need to have deep conversations with him to have a good time. He felt comfortable, his worries disappeared.
“No, I do. I want to introduce them to Jody and Alex. I have a good family, I want them all to be together. Even if for right now it’s just a few hours.”
“Yeah. Yeah, no, of course, Jack.”
Cas asked in reply.
Rowena sat down at the head of the table, the rest followed suit and sat down as well. Rowena looked around the table at the Winchester’s, smiling at how far they had all come together. All that they had been through and will go through.
“Hello,” he said, raising one hand in a slight wave.
“What is it?” Dean asked, focusing on the road.
“Jack, he got me out of the Empty. We’ve been working together in Heaven, restoring everything.”
Empty. Dean figured he must have been dreaming and turned back around and headed back to bed. Still half asleep he made his way past the kitchen, not fully acknowledging the light on in there.
Cas had suggested that for Dean’s first time he be completely relaxed. Dean figured his bed would be a good spot to do it, it was very comfortable after all, it remembered him. The bunker was quiet, Sam and Eileen were still in Heaven and Miracle was up there with them as well.
“Cas, you have to get new clothes. I’ve been telling you for years, man.”
“What’s there?” Dean asked.
Dean let out a soft laugh, “Don’t worry, I do.”
“Like this,” said Cas just before he vanished and reappeared behind Dean.
Cas smiled, looking to Dean then to Jack. “So am I.”
******
Dean looked down, he wanted to be angry, wanted to yell at Sam for bringing them up and even trying to have this conversation. But he was defeated. He said nothing, knowing that he would have to listen to Sam telling him things would get better, and he needed to get back out there.
“No, I guess not. Part of me just wonders if you would still feel the same if you saw what I truly look like.”
“So, I have a question.”
“I don’t understand what’s so funny, Dean. I like insects, especially bees. They deserve peace as well.”
Dean stopped what he was doing, shocked at what he just heard. He turned to Jack and asked, “What did you just call Cas?”
Dean sat up and stared at Cas. He wondered if the angel was serious. Would he be able to see Cas’ true form again? Would that even be safe? He didn’t want his eyes to burn out of his skull. If he was honest with himself, which he was, he didn’t have to ever see his true form again. Even though this body was just a vessel, it was still Cas, his Cas. And that was enough.
Dean took a deep breath before he pushed the tweezers into the wound trying to get ahold of the bullet. He waited a moment, waiting for the beam of energy that Jack and Gabriel had experienced, but it never came for him. It did for Castiel though, who screamed out in pain. Dean quickly grapped the bullet with the tweezers and gently pulled it out. He dropped it onto the table with a metallic ping.
Dean took a moment to collect his thoughts. He tried to push the negative thoughts of Cas dying, again, to the farthest corners of his mind. He wasn’t able to fully, but he could at least fake it for the moment.
Cas tilted his head to the side slightly, the way that he does when he doesn’t understand something. Dean loved that little head tilt, he loved the way Cas’ blue eyes narrowed. He loved everything he did.
“Tsk tsk, Dean Winchester. Some people, men, just don’t like having a woman telling them what to do. Don’t worry now, Auntie Rowena has it all under control.”
“I don’t understand how I would have been able to know. But I did know when I actually did get you out of Hell, that nothing would be the same after that,” replied Castiel, looking into Dean’s eyes.
They pressed their bodies against each other, their legs intertwined together. Cocks pressed against one another, their hips moved on their own. Rubbing, grinding, pressed together. Dean broke away from the kiss, moving down to Cas’ neck. Licking, sucking and biting at it. Cas moaned loudly, the sensation was new to him. Dean loved the sounds Cas made as he moved back up to his lips.
“Okay, so this is an easy fix. Jack can make angels, he will just make you an angel again. No big deal, Cas.”
“I don’t really know. I mean, I guess I did find him attractive. But I always separated you two. He may have been your vessel, but he was never you.”
“This is all yours? It’s beautiful, Cas.”
“Hello,” the nephilim said.
Dean grinned, “You mean, fly back? Me fly back home?”
Cas chuckled, “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
He focused on his first three classes, taking notes on his laptop the whole time. He hoped that it would help with his grades, but none of his professors had said anything else to him as of late. He questioned whether or not this was a good thing.
“Cas, baby, talk to me,” cried Dean.
Sam wondered what Dean’s reaction would be to seeing Cas. Especially after what he had confessed to him earlier. He knew it would be a difficult reunion for the both of them.
“Okay, but if he is here to harm us, he is going to try to do so. But what I don’t get is why he said anything to Dean,” spoke Sam.
Dean jolted at the feeling of Cas’ hand on his shoulder. That same hand that grabbed that same arm to pull him out of Hell. And then again to push him aside. Dean felt like he could break, angered at his mind for giving him this dream. Saddened by the fact that when he did wake up Cas would still be dead.
“Jack needed me for a moment. I went to Heaven quickly,” Cas replied, turning to look at Dean.
Dean and Cas laid in bed in each other's arms. They were close to falling asleep, only making it obvious that they were still awake whenever one of them moved or leaned in for a quick kiss.
“Cas, I… holy shit.”
In the library, the five of them sat around the table. Dean and Cas explained what they each had seen in great detail, what little of it there was. Together they tried to figure out what Chuck, the former God, was doing in Lebanon.
Dean smiled as he approached the building. It felt good to have a gun in his hands again. Sam let him take the lead, but kept a watchful eye out. It had been so long, and he knew Dean wasn’t spending much time in the shooting range. But Dean was as sharp as ever. A little rusty, sure, but not get-them-killed rusty.
Dean hugged and thanked her before he grabbed two beers. He handed one to Castiel, telling him to follow him. They sat down at the same table from the night before. Cas was surprised it wasn’t taken given how busy the bar was.
“After the wedding?” Cas asked in reply, not understanding what Dean meant.
“Yeah. Yeah, I think we are.”
Sam reassured Dean that they would find the answer. The three quickly got to work on searching the library's vast number of books. Looking for anything that resembled the symbols on the gun. Several hours passed, Sam and Eileen soon had a pile of books on the table, ones that they had gone through, and a pile of books to be looked over was piling up. Every once in a while a scream could be heard.
Dean asked over angel radio, still unable to speak properly.
“Raphael gets back,” she answered for him. “Yeah, I heard about what he did to you a few weeks ago. He’s an asshole, don’t let it get to you. But you shouldn’t start forming any… habits… because of an asshole roommate.”
The wedding was a week away, Dean and Cas had finished getting everything ready on the Earth side of things. The invitations were sent out, they got their suits, the rings were bought. Well one of them, they decided to have their wedding bands be the same ring that Dean wore on his right hand, he’d just have to switch it. On the Heaven side, Jack sent out the invitations and put together the area in which the ceremony would take place. He refused to tell his Dads, he wanted it to be a big surprise.
“Cas, man, you are something.”
“Cas, I mean to cuddle, while I sleep.”
“Hello, Dean,” the angel replied with a smile.
“Dude, check it out,” stated Dean, slightly out of breath.
Cas turned his attention to Dean, “Of course, Dean.”
The next morning Dean woke, his upper body tossed across Castiel’s bare chest. The angel’s arms held him tightly. He could hear the gentle rhythm of his heart beating. It was a beautiful sound.
Castiel discovered a fuzzy visitor to the bunkers outdoor cameras.
“Yes.”
“Earlier today, something happened. I urinated.”
“You know what, Cas, it’s okay. Stay.”
Jack and Cas both let out sighs of relief, thankful that the two missing family members knew and were headed to the safety of their home. Not long after the heavy door at the top of the staircase swung open. A panicking Sam and Eileen came racing down the stairs, worried about what was going on.
“He couldn’t really have thought that we would just say yes to that. Did he? There’s no way he’s that stupid.”
“Dean, go, I’ll be fine. Please, I don’t want you to be harmed by this.”
“Hello Dean,” replied Cas.
“I’m just gonna stop you right there. I know how you feel about Cas and I. You have made it very clear to me how you feel about me all these years. How you feel about certain parts of me. You know, I hid so much about my own self from myself for years, even after you died. And all because I feared your judgement. Imagine what type of life I could have had if I didn’t? Hell, I could have accepted how I felt about Cas sooner, been married already.
Dean turned down the music, Cas noticed his face became serious. Dean was unsure how to start the conversation, he wasn’t good with stuff like this, and even though he knew that he needed to get it out in the open, it was difficult. Cas could tell that Dean was deep in thought.
Sam shook his head, answering for Dean. “No. She’ll be here when she gets here. For now, let’s tell Jack, give him a heads up.”
Eileen walked into the small lounge area, just off of the library. Dean was focused on the screen of his laptop. He was trying to figure out how exactly to make custom wedding invitations, but the website was confusing and wasn’t very user friendly. With each word typed something else on the template would move ever so slightly. Frustrated he gave up, closing the laptop.
“What the hell, Cas. We were having fun,” complained Dean.
“Morning, Cas,” Dean’s voice was lower than usual.
Dean paused. He stepped towards Cas, stopping a foot in front of him. Cas had a puzzled look on his face. The lights from the Impala illuminating them in the darkness.
Cas opened his eyes, and looked up at Dean. “Yes.”
“Cas, we talked about this. When you notice me starting to wake up, don’t just be staring like that. It’s creepy,” he groaned.
They had no maps to tell them where to go, they knew where their vessels were, their celestial bodies were bound to their human vessels. When they landed it was not with a crash but with a groan from the older of the two.
“We know now, that’s what matters.”
“Well, that’s not good,” says Dean.
“Cas?” Dean asked in a whisper.
Cas frowned, “Dean, you look like you haven’t had a good night's rest in a long time.”
The next day when Dean woke up he was met with Castiel’s bright blue eyes staring him in the face.
Traveling back home didn’t take them as long as it had for them to get to where they are now. They flew fast, and as they entered into Earth’s atmosphere those viewing the skies that night would see two objects that they would presume to be two gigantic and fast meteors plummeting down in the night sky.
Dean Winchester began to move, his bones threatened to ache but never got the chance to as he slowly stood up. He stretched his body, realizing just how much he missed having one.
Jack’s face hardened in his frown. “Okay. What do you think this is about?”
Dean continued, “He thinks that if he was also human, then we’d have a normal relationship. You know, grow old together. But we do have a normal relationship, normal for us. But even if he was human, that doesn’t mean we’d just instantly be a normal couple. It doesn’t mean that we’ll settle down, have a little house out in the country and spend the rest of our days baking pies and mowing the lawn.”
Dean continued, “So, what did your past few days look like?”
“Dean, we need to talk,” the angel said as they got into the Impala to head out into town.
“A month? Dean, that doesn’t exactly give us enough time to get everything planned and ready. And the guests who are alive will need time to find out about it and prepare. Same with those in Heaven.”
“I’m sorry, Sam. We didn’t realize how much time had passed. I hope we didn’t worry you and Eileen too much,” stated Cas firmly.
“There’s also another issue. Our true forms are, well they are frightening. This vessel is tiny compared to my real size. You’ve seen descriptions of angel’s true forms. In real life it’s much more massive and strange.”
“I do.”
The three stopped at a diner for breakfast before making the journey home. Sam was happy to see Dean laughing and enjoying himself. But he had a sinking feeling that once Dean got back home, the memories of what had happened would come flooding back. Causing him to fall back into his depression.
“Yeah, Sammy. I am.”
Cas raised a brow at Dean, “A ride?”
“Oh. Yeah, our Dad isn’t exactly the most accepting type. The thought had crossed my mind as to whether or not he would put this crap behind him. Guess not.”
“Do you regret it at all? Disobeying Heaven, not me of course.”
“Well don’t,” replied Cas, annoyed.
Dean pulled back from the kiss, “Cas, wait. We don’t have any lube or anything.”
“Yeah, it probably thinks the camera is a flower. They do that sometimes.”
Dean had asked Sam to be his best man, which he had eagerly accepted. Castiel, on the other hand, had not picked out a best man. He wasn’t very familiar with the concept, and had thought about Jack, but realized it wasn’t very fair to Dean. Even though Dean had tried to tell him otherwise. He decided against having Jack as his best man since he was their son.
“Rumors are flying all over the place down here. I think it’s time we all got together and figured this out. If something is coming for you, Dean, I don’t need it getting into Hell’s business. I run a good thing here. You need to figure this out, now.”
“You definitely aren’t going to Heaven. And the Empty isn’t for humans.”
“Cas, what happens if you stay a human? Won’t all the side effects of being human bother you?” Dean asked in a whisper.
Michael turned to Dean. “She didn’t say when she was coming though. Should one of us get Jack?”
“You’re serious? You are just going to let our son go and talk to Chuck?” Questioned Cas, his eyes narrowed, baffled by Dean’s willingness to go along with this.
Dean sat up again, leaving the light off this time. He could make out Cas’ form in the darkness. He knew that if he turned the light on he would see Cas staring at him wide eyed.
“Since you left, it’s been hell. Every night I have nightmares of that day. And if it’s not a nightmare its dreams of stuff we’ve done together. But when I wake up it feels like a nightmare. I just wanted you back, and the thought of never having you home again, it hurt.”
The younger Winchester had tried everything to get Dean to open up and come out of his shell. But the harder he pushed the more Dean fell into the hole. Finally he gave up, not wanting to open wounds that needed to heal. He knew that Dean would eventually need to talk about it.
“Castiel, aren’t you worried your seat at that bar is getting lonely?” Crowley asked with a smirk.
Not molecules, but flavor, what little there was. The only other time anything he ate or drank had real flavor was when he was human. But he couldn’t be human, he just had his wings out and he could still feel them. He could still feel his powers within himself.
When they grew restless of Earth they made their way to the skies, exploring the universe and all it had to hold. They had been there for a while now, dancing together through asteroid fields and making love on far off planets that held no life but their own.
Jack smiled, “Good, I’ll be in my room.” Jack was suddenly gone, and Dean could hear a bedroom door close in the distance in the bunker.
Dean began to laugh uncontrollably. Cas was confused by the sudden laughter. But the Winchester didn’t know where to begin with the misunderstanding of the phrase. He rolled over to face Cas, and took his face in his hands and pulled him in for a kiss.
Cas loved the sounds Dean made as he pounded into him. His moans, cries and whimpers made his cock throb and his hips move faster. He wanted to fill Dean, to stretch him out and leave him gaping. He reached down and grasped Dean’s cock, and squeezed it, causing Dean to cry out loudly.
“Of course, Dean,” replied Eileen, smiling gently at him.
Cas didn’t want him to be right. He didn’t want to change majors, he knew he could be so much better than he was now. He liked the thought of helping others like himself, and even if that was just one other person. His thoughts drifted to Dean, the bartender who seemed so much more than just a guy working in a bar.
“You did this all by yourself?” Dean asked, puzzled.
Dean and Castiel soon snuck away to the garden, hoping to get some fresh air and an escape from everyone coming up to them congrating them and asking Dean questions about being an angel now. It was beginning to get annoying.
With a snap of Jack’s fingers everyone was back inside the bunker. Cas laid on the floor of the main entrance, Dean was next to him, tears in his eyes trying to figure out how to help him. Jack held the gun that Chuck had used to try to harm him with.
Inspired by a post I saw on tumblr
Cas quickly got down to his knees, grabbing ahold of Dean’s foot. Taking off his hiking boot he felt just how cheaply made they were. He didn’t bring it up or tell Dean that he told him so. Instead he gave him a look that told Dean what he wanted to say.
“So, your grace. It’s gone.”
“Dean, I’m not sure I understand.”
“Hey, Dean. Jack and I made breakfast. Hurry up!” Sam yelled from just behind the door.
“Dean, what do you mean?”
“We can take them to Heaven, Dean.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked, trying to keep quiet as to not wake his brother and Eileen down the hall.
“Not sure what time exactly.  Sam texted me earlier, said that they were almost done with the case and would be heading home tonight if all goes well. You figure out how to work that site yet?”
“You sure?” Dean asked, a smile dancing across his face.
“But he did say ‘yes’ right?” Sam questioned.
He wasn’t as weak as he had been before, but he wasn’t at his full power either. A few days before, while working on Baby, Dean had gotten a rather nasty cut, and when Cas tried to heal him he wasn’t able to. This caused much alarm amongst the Winchesters. It meant that their fear was more than likely true, Cas was becoming human.
“Dean, I don’t understand, my wing, how could he shoot my wing?” Castiel said more than asked. His breath was heavy, the pain was unbearable.
Cas was suddenly at his side, concerned for his husband. “Dean? Is everything okay?”
Cas nodded, “Yes, but Jack was able to persuade it. It wasn’t easy but he was able to do it.”
“I know what a honeymoon is, Dean. I’m not sure. What did you want to do?”
Sam let out a small chuckle, “Just double checking. So you two need to start planning then.”
Cas wasn’t familiar with cars, but he did know that Dean’s car was an impressive classic. He remembered noticing an old black car parked on the side street next to the bar. Taking note that it was a beauty of a vehicle.
“Cas, please, I need to come!”
Jack beamed, “Thank you, Dean. But your prayer? What’s wrong?”
The two stood there in silence, staring at each other. Cas wondered if Dean was thinking the same as him, that he really enjoyed being around Dean. He smiled at the bartender, blushing as he watched Dean look at him.
Dean pulled Cas in, embracing him before kissing him. He was ready for this, everything in his life had been leading up to this moment, even though he didn’t know it until now. Breaking away from the embrace they turned to Jack who stood there overjoyed at their decisions.
“Hello,” Jack said.
“Yes, I know that, Dean. But I am.”
“Well, what I told you, about how I feel.”
Dean had a look of horror on his face. “I’m sorry,” he stuttered.
“Dean, just because you can get shot with no damage, doesn’t mean you should. Plus, we have a wedding to plan.”
“Cas, no. I don’t want you to go. Not again. Not ever. Not like that. I need you, Cas,” said Dean. He spoke softer now, almost pleading.
“Dean, I love you. Yes. Yes I will marry you.”
Once Jack was done looking his wings and grace over, Cas put them back, hidden away from everyone’s sight. They were still there, and Jack could see them. But it wasn’t the same as when he had them fully out. Dean went to his side, making sure that he was alright.
Dean loves his car, but keeping the windows rolled down and alone so often causes her to be rained in and stolen often. Cas can fix that though.
Cas stood back up and removed his overcoat, tossing it on the chair in front of Dean’s desk. He then took his shoes off, and sat back down. Cas then realized maybe it would be best to take off his suit jacket and tie. Once he did he got under the blankets with Dean.
“Open Heaven?” Eileen interrupted, puzzled by this.
Dean looked at Cas, he was ready. But the words wouldn’t form on his lips. He didn’t have any regrets on his own decision, but he knew that there had to be something more to this. Being an angel with Cas for the rest of eternity wasn’t the only thing he wanted.
“Demons can only see grace, not the true form. And the only part of my true form he has seen is my wings. But what if he did see me, the real me, and didn’t like me.”
Castiel stood up and walked over to Dean, standing a few feet away from him. He was nervous, but the excitement of finally getting to see the hunter after all this time wiped away any doubt he was having.
“That can happen, yes. But Dean, just push the boxes off. You’re an archangel and they’re just boxes.”
Eileen was standing at the front barricade, gun aimed right at Dean. Dean was inside of the large room, standing directly in front of the target that hung from the ceiling. His dark grey shirt covered in bullet holes. They both had gaping smiles on their faces, astounded by Dean’s newfound ability to be shot over and over again with no damage.
“Dean,” he said, his mouth dry from it being open as he slept.
“What about you, Cas?” Dean asked, turning to the angel next to him. “You going to join Jack every week?”
“Well, come then Meg will be there,” she replied, smiling at him.
Dean quickly pulled the car over to the side of the road, slamming on the breaks. He turned and stared at Cas, who looked saddened by Dean’s words. Dean’s heart broke, seeing Cas like that. He calmed down, taking a deep breath.
“So, what about Michael?” Sam asked, curious as to how Adam was without the archangel inside of him.
“Why wouldn’t they be?”
“Yeah.”
He nodded as Sam and Dean walked into the library of the bunker. Eileen was already sitting at the table, waiting for everyone to gather. Dean quickly prayed to Cas and their son, Jack. The two of them were both in Heaven, spending the day together. The nephilim and archangel appeared in the room as Rowena let the toddler out of her arms.
“I…” he paused, not sure how to even begin to say what he knew he was going to say. “I need to speak to them. I have something to ask them.”
Then there was Benny in Purgatory. But that was never meant to last, and they could barely admit to it once they left. A vampire and a hunter, that was a laugh. It was never meant to work out. Dean wanted it to, he really did. But in the end, he had to kill the person he cared about to save his brother. He was so sure Benny would come back, he had wanted them to stay in Maine, quit hunting and just settle down together. But he never came back.
And as far as the little bit of smut, don’t worry. I’m going to include more in the second story I have planned. Plus hopefully more stories outside of this one soon here.
“Only special cases got to share, soulmates. But it’s all open. People can see their loved ones who have passed on and are in Heaven freely.” He turned to Sam and Dean, and continued, “You’re parents are together, Bobby doesn’t live too far from them. And the roadhouse is nearby. They are happy.”
Jack did as he was told. He was confused as well. He looked at Dean as Cas gulped down the glass of water. He was out of breath but felt much better.
“Honeymoon?” Replied Cas, not losing focus on the film.
“So, when do we leave for the honeymoon?” Cas asked.
The two teleported back home to the bunker, landing inside the library. Dean had thought it would either be empty or just Sam and Eileen sitting in there, researching their latest case. What he didn’t expect was that for the second time in his life he had returned home after being away for some time due to an angel to find the bunker filled with hunters.
Dean gave him a quizzical look, “You don’t need to go just yet, do you?”
Dean laughed at first. The idea of someone telling him that they went to the bathroom was odd, but then he realized that it was very odd.
His life was full of sudden twists around each corner. He had been through so much in his forty-one years here on Earth. The day that his mom, Mary, had been killed by the yellow-eyed demon had set in motion everything that led up to this day. He had been a demon, vampire, bearer of the Mark of Cain, Michael’s sword and vessel. But an angel to be married was something Dean never even thought of before.
Dean lost focus on the movie and turned to look at Cas who was focusing more than he was. He loved looking at Cas, he was beautiful. He’d rather watch Cas then the movie.
Dean raised an eyebrow before dropping it. He didn’t move away, still pressed against Cas. Cas stayed in his position, he could feel Dean’s erection pressing against him. He could feel his own member hardening. Dean noticed it.
“Missed me, didn’t you?” Dean asked playfully, opening their bottles.
Cas nodded slightly and closed his eyes trying to focus. It was hard bringing his wings into this plane. It didn’t feel right, like there was something off about it. Dean had only seen his wings one other time, and only when they were wounded.
Cas watched as she exited the bookshop, the bell above the door dinging as she left. Taking a look at his watch he saw that it was only two in the afternoon and he didn’t get off work until seven. He would be closing tonight, which meant that he wouldn’t get back to the dorm until well after. Closing always meant doing the day's paperwork as well.
“Dean, he’s not using me. We had an agreement before, but this is different. We got so used to each other, we are friends you know. We like it better this way,” interrupted Adam.
“We’ve talked about it, but we prefer it this way. Besides, it would be weird without him all the time. We’ve been through so much together, and after we got out of the cage it was just easier this way. But when Dean and Cas were gone, well, things happened. And we brought the idea up, but it just wouldn’t be the same. We got a good thing going.”
“What do you think Chuck meant by giving him a break?” Dean asked in a low whisper.
“I lied. When I got Cas and Gabriel back I also got Michael back. I needed all the help I could get,” replied Jack, he had no regrets on who he saved from the Empty.
“Yeah. I told him everything, Sammy.”
Finally, after what seemed like hours of nonstop pleasure and orgasms, Cas slowed down. He thrust a few more times slowly before pulling out. Dean crashed onto the ground and rolled over onto his back.
“Celestial. So what, does that mean that the gun can kill celestial beings? Like the Equalizer. So it’s just a second Equalizer?”
Chuck shuffled his feet, a nervous tic he hadn’t realized he had until this moment. Being mortal hadn’t suited him. It hadn’t been that long, but it was far too long for his liking.
Cas stopped and turned to face her. “That’s great Rachel. I need to get home, before…” he trailed off.
“I know, Dad. I’ll have my family with me.”
“Yes, and I’m thankful for that, Jack. But it’s different now and I want to speak to them. Not you.”
Dean was suddenly wide awake, staring at Castiel. He thought that they would have more time before it was finally gone. He sat up and looked at Cas, who sat up with him. His heart broke for him, being an angel was such an important part of who Cas was. And even if he decided to remain a human, in this moment his heart broke for him.
“Actually, I was thinking I could stay here for the night. If I’m welcome,” Jack replied.
******
The sound of Cas’ confession to him that day in the dungeon replayed over and over in Dean’s head. It taunted him, flooding his mind whenever he finally got a moment's peace. Bringing back the painful memory of losing his best friend. One final time for good.
“I can make you an angel again, this isn’t an issue. But I don’t think I’ll be able to do it when there's still some grace left in you.”
******
He took Cas’ hand and turned to face Sam and Eileen. “I asked Cas to marry me.”
“Yeah, your golden oldies.”
Cas thought about it a moment. The idea of being with Dean forever, neither of them dying, unless fate decided otherwise, was perfect. He knew that Dean knew that if he did die as an angel there would be no coming back. He doubted the Empty would allow Jack to rescue anyone else.
“But that doesn’t explain why he’s using Adam as a meat suit.”
“Jack? Hey buddy, you listening? Please, please listen, man. I could really use you right now,” prayed Dean into the blackness of his room.
Dean’s sleep was dreamless. Better no dreams then to have nightmares. Dean was suddenly jolted awake when he heard the sound of wings coming from far off in the bunker.
Cas was with Sammy and Bobby, all three of them watching Dean as he approached them. The looks on their faces told him that they had heard everything. Sam and Bobby both had looks of anger on their faces, while Cas looked saddened by what he had just heard.
Dean crashed into Cas, their lips and tongues moving as one. It felt more powerful than anything Dean had ever felt before. Cas was right, being intimate as an angel was different than as a human. Soon the kiss became heated, they struggled against each other. Desire overtook them, they needed each other.
Dean went into the nearby city of Hastings to have them printed off on nice cardstock, since Lebanon didn’t have anywhere for them to do this. Once he was done he drove back to the bunker, still preferring to drive most places instead of flying. From there he and Cas spent the next hour or so delivering the cards to their friends and family that were still living.
