Sam had gone first, placing a small purple star he had found in a Montana thrift store on the bottom left corner of the tree.  it caught the light as it turned and sparkled, a tiny thing, in direct contrast to Sam’s hulking form.
Benny, Charlie, and Cas are all standing in the dimly lit alley next to the bar, Cas smoking his shitty cigarettes, Benny and Charlie berating him for smoking.  The usual.
“Sammy, breathe,” Dean grabs his shoulders, careful not to wrinkle his suit, which he had ironed himself that morning, “You’re gonna be fine, they’ll be lucky to have you.”
“You’ve known me for twelve years, for twelve fucking years Dean.  And you think that I’m trying to turn you gay?  The whole agreement was your idea!”
It’s way too cold to sit outside, but they get a nice table by the window, and get to watch the boats go by.  It’s a swankier place than they would normally go to, but nothing beats seafood right by the water.  Charlie doesn’t even participate in the conversation until she’s eaten almost an entire basket of bread, but then she comes back to her usual self.
“Ha ha,” Cas rolls his eyes.  He switches gears immediately when he sees Charlie, who looks at Cas like she’s seeing a literal angel, which, let’s face it, Cas kinda is.
Cas doesn’t say anything, he looks at the floor, trying to deflect the question, but Dean wasn’t having it.
"I cannot let you burn me up, nor can I resist you. No mere human can stand in a fire and not be consumed." - A.S. Byatt
“What are you talking about?” Pamela says, having just finished her consultation.  She plops down in the chair next to Dean and puts her feet on the tattoo table, she cuts Dean off before he can say anything,
“You will be when I finish with you,” Dean raises his eyebrows suggestively, making Cas roll his eyes.
“He’s done that before, Cas,” Sam pipes up from the corner, where he and Eileen are curled up on the couch.
“Something was weird last night.  It’s been weird since I got home.  And I have a hard time believing it’s about Lisa, you broke up more than you were together.”
“It’s okay Dean, I told you, I swear there’s going to be tons of people there.  My DND group and my book club all RSVP’d, so that’s at least like…ten people.”
“I don’t know,” Cas had no idea why he couldn’t talk at a normal volume, but it felt like it would be far too loud, “My eyes are falling down.”
“You’re grumpy this morning,” Charlie frowns, clearly upset that Dean had burst their peaceful morning bubble.
“Should I tell you happy birthday?” Cas eventually asks, looking at him directly, not out of the corner of his eyes, “Or is that not appropriate anymore?”
“No, but I did want to enjoy my eggs without thinking about demon powered meat-suits for ten minutes.”
Dean had gotten over his attitude to Cas’ new stoner personality as he called it, but he would never smoke with him and Andrei, and he would never be with Cas if he was high.  It was a preference, he had said once, when he had consumed too much of Bobby’s whiskey,
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean comes up for air, because lazy morning kisses were becoming less and less lazy and more and more heated by the second.
They end up back at the Dean’s apartment which is, mercifully, empty.  Cas has a dreamy smile on his face, the kind of smile that Dean doesn’t want to do anything to mess with, but panic is rising in his throat, the sneers of his siblings’ faces etched in his mind.  He’s angry, he’s humiliated and he can’t fucking do this anymore.
“I’ll see you later, yeah?” Cas pats his cheek, thumb lingering by his mouth, “Good luck with Lisa.  I feel like you’ll need it.”
“If you were kinkier I might,” Cas teases, sliding his hand lightly up Dean’s arm, making him shiver.
Charlie wraps up with her client right as Pamela comes in for the day.  She slaps Dean on the back when he looks up from his sketch.
Perfect timing, really, because whoever was inside started screaming, Cas made to open the door but Risa stood in front of him, blocking him.
Debrief was in the armory, as usual.  Risa nodded to him, Yaeger clapped him on the back, and Chuck scurried in and out of the room, trying to pick Dean’s brain about supplies at truly the worst possible time.  For a Prophet, he really had bad timing.  Dean ended almost forcing Chuck out the door and slammed it, like a judge’s gavel bringing them all to order.  Cas rolled his eyes and put his feet up on the table.
A feeling pools at the base of Dean’s stomach, that longing, that ache for Cas, something that almost made him look forward to the end of a relationship, because it meant that he got to experience a little bit of the thrill that he felt with Cas.  He always felt that thrill, but the physical aspect, the way Cas was when they had sex, the way he held Dean, the way he tugged his hair, lefts marks all over him, it almost made Dean want to quit everything and fuck him for a living.  Or jump off a cliff, whichever one was closer.
Dean laughs softly, still holding Castiel by the front of his coat.  Castiel keeps looking for a long minute, and then, with a soft smile, he opens the door, causing the bell to ding again, leaving Dean with his heart beating erratically, and the feeling of Castiel’s chapped lips burned into his skin.
“Ain’t that the truth,” snarks Pamela, flopping down on the couch by the front door.  Charlie sits down next to her, giving Dean the puppy dog eyes she knows that he can’t resist.
“I hate you so much.  Happy birthday,” he yells at her, and she grins before sprinting off to the jungle juice container, which had to be the size of a small boat.
“Uh thanks,” Dean doesn’t want to be pushy, but he really can’t help the words that follow, “So, um, sorry but, what’re you doing here?”
“You do know I don’t live here, right?  Take it up with your roommates, or maybe the bar you live under.”
. That’s what John has always spit at him when he had made a mistake. Whether that was on a hunt or by not making Sam breakfast, that was John’s go to word for Dean. And Dean believed him. Everyone he had ever loved had either died or left him, pretty clear evidence that he really was unloveable.
“What do you propose?  I crawl out the window?  My shoes and coat are out there.  He’s a big boy, he’ll be fine.  Plus, I’m sure this is not the first time he’s heard you having sex.”
“Yes he did, he said he wanted to celebrate,” Charlie stomps over to him and shows him the text “Can’t wait!” with a smiley emoticon and everything.  Damn.
“It is not fate,” he can’t think of anything quippy to change the subject, he’s moving slower, his reflexes are down.  Damn these two, they did this on purpose.
In the time that followed, he finished almost half the bottle.  Any time he saw someone with jet black hair, he took a shot.  Every time he closed his eyes and saw blue eyes, he took a shot.  Every time he inhaled and didn’t smell the stale beer of the bar, but smelled the Bunker’s kitchen where he and Cas would cook, he took a shot.
He thinks, fleetingly, about being honest with Jo.  He thinks about telling her that he feels…something for Cas, and it has been changing, he doesn’t even know what it is, and he’s too afraid to look too deep into it because what if it was something scary, something that could change them.  Dean didn’t want to change them.
The siblings all laugh uproariously at that, and Dean is saved from trying to not sound like the most awkward human being alive by the very nice waitress bringing the checks.
Cas smiles.  They stay there for just a moment longer and then pull apart.  Dean headed back to the house, walking with a sort of swagger that made Cas want to laugh out loud.  Dean turned back towards him and said,
Dean laughs loudly, tossing Cas’ shoes into the corner by the door.  He stands up, rummaging through his dresser drawers for the pack of makeup wipes he had stolen from Charlie for occasions just like this.  He turns back to Cas with a wipe in his hand, grinning at him.
The worst ones were not that of his own pain, but of others.  When he couldn’t save someone in camp, when he couldn’t save Bobby, when he couldn’t save Sam, and, of course, when he couldn’t save Dean.  He hadn’t slept for three days when he had had the most horrifically vivid dream about a demon ripping out Chuck’s throat, leaving him bleeding and convulsing on the ground, and when Cas kneeled down next to him, all he could gurgle out was
Sam passes out in his chair, as usual, around three am, and when Dean feels his own eyes start to get heavy, he makes the concerted effort not to fall asleep on the couch, and drags himself up and into the shower, falling face first onto his bed immediately after.
“Cas,” he had said, leaning against the bed, “I just don’t want to do anything with you then because… because I feel like then that’s the only way you’d want me?  You know?  You know what I mean, Cas.  Like you’d realize it’s only good when you’re on something.”
Anna glances over at Cas, who is talking animatedly to Samandriel, throwing looks over their way occasionally, giving Dean glimpses of his favorite crooked smile.
Dean tries to steal a Sour Patch Kid from Cas and ends up nearly punching the box across the theater.
He and Cas break apart milliseconds before Sam and Jo burst through the door to the bar, spilling warm, honey-colored light onto the cold pavement where snow is beginning to collect.
His appointments fly by that day, he registers his clients sometimes by piece, not by name, which probably wasn’t a great customer service thing, but they seemed to like it when they’d come back for a second piece and he’d greet them with a loud “guillotine!  How the hell are ya?”
Dean privately thinks that he didn’t have a relationship this dysfunctional with Sam.  There are some seriously malicious undertones to everything they’re saying to each other, like they had to watch every step they took, lest they set off a land mine.  Dean remembers Cas saying that he really loved spending time with his siblings.  What the hell is Dean missing here?  He doesn’t like to judge, but the vibes he’s getting from them are not of a family that really enjoys being around each other.  More like a pack of wolves that’s starving, searching for the weakest link, ready to attack as soon as any weakness was shown.
“You have thoroughly rocked my world with that one.  I told Sam he was a nerd for seeing it, I better beg for his forgiveness.”
Cas manages to wipe all the worries out of his mind with a goddamn amazing blowjob the second he walks into Cas’ place.  He must’ve been banking on Dean’s nerves.  He knows him better than he knows himself sometimes.
“Needs to cool,” Dean is back in front of Cas, sinking to his knees and pulling Cas’ sweatpants off in one fluid motion.
Cas knew what he should say.  He should tell the truth and he should tell Dean that yes, he did think that Sam would say yes to Lucifer, and he thought it was probably going to be soon.  Sam was strong, so so strong, but none of them could possibly understand Lucifer’s power of persuasion.  He wanted so badly to be honest with Dean, but at the same time, he wanted to protect him?  That was beyond foolish, Dean didn’t need protection.  Dean was the one that was always doing the protecting.  His strength was beyond almost any of the angels, and his soul was far more pure…
Dean’s standing at the edge of the cliff, looking down into a deep ravine.  He could either throw caution to the winds and jump, letting himself keep falling for Cas, with no way to catch himself, and no way over knowing whether there would be a soft landing, or he could keep standing at the edge, looking over, not taking the risk but not able to move forward.  He doesn’t know which one is worse.
Castiel.  Fucking gorgeous art dealer Castiel.  Art dealer Castiel who Dean has repeatedly dreamt about because his brain is fucked up and he can’t be normal for ten seconds.  Dressed as a doctor in scrubs and everything because the powers that be just know that Dean has a thing for guys in scrubs and he’s being punished for something.
“I’ll miss you, kid,” he kisses the top of her head and she doesn’t push him away, even though she hates when he calls her kid.
“Dean!  You’ll never guess what happened this weekend!  Me and Travis went to this birthday party at a friend’s house and I met this really cool girl and I think we may have a date this weekend.”
Predictably, he loses Sam and Eileen pretty quickly, as usual they’re in their own little world.  Probably looking for a painting with plants they can discuss or something, the nerds.  Dean finds himself wandering around, staring at the paintings he’s been looking at for like three weeks, since Cas needed him there morning, noon, and night to set things up, hear his opinions on placement, things that Dean would never in a million years had an opinion on before he met Cas.
Dean looked down the street, broken apart by the end of the world.  Cas saw him desperately trying to make eye contact, to connect with Sam, but Sam was long gone.
“Oh yeah, it’s friggin fascinating.  Now,” Dean claps his hands, expectant, “Why don’t you strap on your angel wings and fly me back to my page on the calendar.”
“Yes,” Castiel whispers, but Dean is in tune with him, he can hear him even over the music and the chattering of the still-crowded bar.
Dean surveys him, the top of his hair was still bright orange, at odds with the black underneath of his natural hair.  It was sticking up in all directions, looking exactly like a traffic cone if you put it through an industrial shredder.  Dean definitely doesn’t pay attention to the way his muscles tighten and strain as he stretches.
“Barely,” his voice was gravelly and rough.  She laughed at him, and maybe hearing another person laugh helped the knot in his chest ease a little.
“Those are your grumpy shoulders,” Charlie’s steering Cas to the couch, and Cas gives him a smile that puts that familiar ache in his chest.
It’s not cold enough yet for his winter coat, so he opts for his Metallica t shirt and one of his favorite flannels, red and black checkered, and throws on one of his “pre-fall” jackets, just because there was enough of a chill in the air that he knew he’d regret it if he just wore the flannel.  It only takes him about five minutes to successfully latch the door (he could fix it himself, but he’d been too lazy to actually get around to it), and then starts walking back towards Dumbo to open the shop.  Yeah yeah, trendy ass Dumbo, don’t judge, it brought in enough of the old Brooklyn crowds and the new agey hipsters to make business actually really good.  Plus, even though it was super trendy, he actually loved the area, it’s right by the water and is surrounded on all sides by good restaurants, good art, and the best damn organic grocery store Dean has ever set foot in.  So yeah, Dumbo definitely has its perks.
He finds himself feeling it a little harder to shake the weekend after the breakup off than normal.  When they were in college, it had been easy to just go back to normal, to push whatever feelings may have arisen back into the little box he kept them in, somewhere in his body that was far away from his heart or brain or cock, maybe like his big toe or something.  But this feels different, maybe since it had been so long since the last time (three years since he had dumped Lisa over a forgotten birthday and spend three full days in bed with Cas, leaving only to fuck in the tub).  He feels himself drawn to Cas now, more aware of when they were close to each other, more aware of the electricity on the surface of each other’s skin, crackling at the slightest touch.  He does his best to force it into the little box, but every time he meets Cas’ eyes a little part of how much he just feels about Cas slips out.
Dean stripped off his t shirt and nearly yelped as Cas dragged him to his mattress, sitting on a couple of wooden palettes because Cas is an artsy little bitch and doesn’t believe in real beds or something like that.  Cas pushed Dean down, he fell into Cas’ mattress, sinking and then springing back, eyes trained on Cas as he crawled up Dean’s body, Dean didn’t feel that drunk anymore when Cas held his gaze, his pupils so dilated Dean could barely see the baby blue of his irises.
Dean hummed as he worked, scrambling the eggs and frying the bacon.  It felt nice, like the world outside wasn’t full of zombies made by demons that were trying to kill everything in their sight.  You know, peaceful.
Cas rolls his eyes and speed walks toward his door.  Okay, he was wearing slides again, probably not the best for the middle of winter in Connecticut.
“You’ll leave this on for at least an hour, since it’s so late you can sleep with it on, but take it off in the morning.  For the first two weeks, wash it twice a day with a low-fragrance soap and water, and then you can get a bottle of Aquaphor at the store, I can give you some for tonight, and you’ll put that on three times a day for two weeks.  Then you can move to a non-fragrance lotion for three more weeks twice a day.  Don’t soak it for at least two weeks, so no baths or swimming, showers are obviously fine.  It’s gonna itch, do your best not to scratch it, pressing on it is okay and I think that helps if it’s real bad.  I’ll give you an aftercare card and kit, and if you have any questions, you, well, you know where to find me.”
“Too bad you couldn’t afford the bill Dean, but if I had all those things on your arms and face, I wouldn’t be able to hold down a job either,” Anna’s smile is sickeningly sweet, covering up the poison of her words to Cas, who can’t hear them, with a smile, “You don’t deserve him, and I think he’ll realize that, so don’t get to comfortable in that apartment on Park Avenue.”
“Fascinating.  I’m always interested to hear what people say about the art, and not just the bullshit ‘it makes me think of life and death’ or whatever it is people think I want to hear.”
Eventually, after much deliberation whether or not he should simply become a statue exactly where he was standing, he uproots himself and gets the ice, returning to the shop with a smile on his face that they can all see through, but when asked about it, he does what he’s always done best, he pushes it away, turns his head, makes a joke.  It’s easier that way.  It’s easier that way.  It’s easier that way.
Dean balks.  No way, he wasn’t going into this random guy’s house of horrors to get his kidney cut out or worse.  His fear clearly shows on his face, because the guy turns around and calls behind him,
The cab dropped him off at the end of the road, and Dean stumbled into the Bunker, shushing himself as he gripped the handrail with both hands.
Dean tries not to feel viscerally uncomfortable at the idea of how obvious he was clearly being, especially with the way all three of them were looking at him.
“She’s been complaining like this for the last hour, please can we get her some food before I go crazy?”
Dean searched for answers in his face.  It’s not like he was going to find any, Cas didn’t even know what was going on.
“Dean, I am so tired of this.  I am exhausted from fighting with you all the time.  Fuck who you want, I don’t care, but don’t make me see it, that was our deal.”
The cut is deep, and stings worse than ever when Dean starts cleaning the blood away with the peroxide.  He stiffens and sucks a breath in.
“You can take it if you want, Cas.  I was just going to toss it in my book at the shop, but if you like it you keep it.”
“Don’t turn this around on me, it’s not my fault.  It’s not my fault that I broke my foot, it’s not my fault that the stick is out of my ass and I can actually enjoy things now, and it’s not my fault that you don’t have the Colt.”
He breaks out of his reverie when he pulls up to Lisa’s house, takes the steps up to the door two at a time and knocks gently on the door.  He knows Ben had left for school and Lisa was due at the studio any minute.
“We, um, we’re sleeping with each other, and he said some shit I didn’t agree with, it got heated, and I hit him.  But he was on duty so he took me in.”
Dean looked down at him, and though Cas always prided himself on being put together, for the millionth time, it all went out the door when it came to Dean.  Dean ran a hand through Ca’s hair.
“It’s just newer, we aren’t as comfortable with it.  Plus Charlie and I haven’t figured out the duet part yet.”
on repeat and Cas curled up next to Dean on the couch, Dean’s hand in his hair, breathing in slowly and deeply.
The sanitarium was easy enough to find, and old fence with razor wire all around it, but it, too, seemed deserted.  Dean seemed unphased, but Risa and the others looked nervous.
“You’re not helping me much with that,” Cas gasped as Dean pressed his lips to his neck, carotid thundering under the pressure of skin on skin.
“Yeah,” Dean leans into her touch a little, “Gonna go for a drive this weekend, clear my head.  Not sure what I’ll get up to.”
It’s a simple statement from Cas, something neither of them had ever actually said to each other, though Dean at least had thought it around ten million times.  And for the first time in his too-long life, Dean does not want to run in the other direction.  He wants to plant his feet and stay in this warm moment for the rest of eternity, with the man who looks like an angel, who has the purest heart, the strongest mind.  And Dean leans in to kiss him, not to lead into anything else, just to kiss him, and when they break apart, before their little bubble can get broken by the noise of the crowd, of the city they both love, Dean says,
He starts hyperventilating, dissolving into a full blown panic attack.  Cas holds him through the worst of it, telling him quietly to control his breathing.  It suddenly hits him what she had been asking of him, the sheer idea of losing Cas sent him into a panic.
Dean breaks away from Cas after hiccupping his way into silence, and Cas looks at him with an edge of that thing he hates so much, that thing that he wishes didn’t fucking exist.  Cas looks at him with pity, which, fuck, if Dean had had the stones to really fess up about his fucked past, Cas would never look at him the same way again.
Cas hummed a little and let his eyes fall closed.  It was a strange thing, to finally experience one of the only human things he had lacked.  He had daydreamed about sleeping, about dreams, but the ones he had were very strange, and far more vivid then what Dean and Sam had described to him.
“I’ve never had sex this good,” Dean sighs, breaking the silence after a while, playing with Cas’ hands.
But what’s scarier, telling Cas that he may have falling head over heels over a cliff for him, or not having Cas in his life?  One gives him butterflies, the other gives him anxiety.  So that answers that question.
“What vibe?  What vibe does Cas put out.  And taking a break doesn’t mean I’d stop talking to him forever, he’s my best friend.”
The picture turns out great, and Ellen loudly tells them all that it’ll get framed and go behind the bar.
Cas has a warm, steadying hand on his arm under the table.  Grounding him.  He wants another drink.  Or maybe a fucking Xanax.
Predictably, the next morning is fucking brutal.  Dean is the type of guy who needs at least seven hours of sleep a night.  He didn’t used to, but the older he got, the happier he was sleeping the day away.  He forces himself out of bed and into his work clothes, banging on Sam’s door as he heads towards the bathroom.  He avoids the mirror as he brushes his teeth, washes his face, goes through his morning routine.  He tries not to think about the lingering ache from the night before, and the nervousness already building in his chest as he thinks about later today.
It doesn’t go away, not even back at the bunker, not when he tells Sam they’ll find another way, not when Sam gives him a tight smile and leaves to shut himself in his room, not in the silence that follows between him and Cas.  So, what can he do?
Dean blushes, his cheeks burning in the cold December air, and when Cas’ hand finds its way to his knee, then his thigh, Dean shifts, eyes staring towards the towering mass of buildings in front of him.
He tries not to think about it, but his anniversary with Lisa is looming closer, and they’re going back to the rocky-ish way they were before he missed their date.  A constant fucking seesaw that he can’t seem to get off of.
They’re inches away from each other now.  It’s not like they ever had any idea of personal space, but there is something different about this, like someone has picked up a barrier between them.  Cas is desperately aware of the heat coming off of Dean, how hard they are both breathing, how the tips of his fingers tingle with energy, longing to reach out and touch.
This was not at all smooth but Dean didn’t know how else to handle it.  Barring falling to his knees and begging to get Cas back, which would be a bad look.
“Our fearless leader, I’m afraid, is all too well schooled in the art of getting to the truth,” Cas didn’t bother to hide the anger and disgust in his words.
“Any proof?  The fact that you come in two minutes when I fuck you?  Or maybe just how good you are at giving head.  Sorry to break it to you, but straight men don’t suck dick like you do.”
Okay, Cas wasn’t imagining it, Dean was creeping his way closer, bridging the gap between them, and it was all Cas could do, once he realized this, not to take matters into his own hands.  He had learned long ago, however, that Dean had to move at his own pace, or he would never move at all.
“I’m glad you have it too.  You sit like a damn rock I’ll tell you that.  I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone that sat through a full rib piece with as much coloring as yours in one sitting.  I should’ve made you get up and take a break.”
Sam rolls his eyes, still angry at Dean, but not angry enough to fully give him the silent treatment.
“So, Gabriel, tell us about the new show,” Anna swills her wine, watching Gabriel as he downs pretty much an entire vodka soda in one second, clicking his fingers at the waitress for another one.  If he was one of those people that treated waitstaff like shit, they were gonna have words.
Jo turns to hug him before she goes to check her bags, and when she pulls back, he can tell they’re about to get to the reason why she didn’t want Charlie and Ellen coming with them.
Dean and Cas are both breathing hard, but no one seems to suspect what just happened, they weren’t paying attention to the steadiest couple in the room, the constants, the ones that never changed.
He makes the mistake of looking at her this time, and she’s leaning against the sink, potato suspended above it in her hand.  It doesn’t look like she believes him.  It really sucks sometimes that he has such great friends, you can’t hide anything from them.
They stay up way too late after closing, eating cheese fries, listening to punk music, and swapping stories that they had all heard at least a hundred times before.
“I’m not letting go until you do this breathing exercise with me.  This is the exercise that got Sam through his bar exam.  Trust me.”
“It’s, um, it’s a botany club in Central Park.  We go out and study the local plant life, talk about it.  It’s fun.”
“It seems I overestimated my siblings,” he spits, tossing his coat in the coat closet, not seeming to care that it fell on a heap on the floor.
playing quietly as he waited.  He’s decided to be a coward and follow Cas’ lead in not talking about what happened.  He doesn’t want things to change, and he doesn’t want to have to think about how he felt for longer than ten seconds.
The encounter with Cas on the street lasts only a few seconds, a blip on the radar, something that most people would surely forget when they went to sleep that night, the sun rising on a new day, but it haunts Dean for much longer than it probably should, and each time he thinks of Cas refusing to look at him, of how deliberately he made sure that they didn’t touch, he felt himself sleeping deeper into the pit of inadequacy that he had dug himself, burying himself to the neck, the eyes, the hairline, so that maybe one day he wouldn’t have to be seen anymore.
“Hello Dean,” Cas won’t look at him, he won’t meet his eyes, even though that is quite literally the only thing Dean wants in the world.  It was their connection, the eyes, and Dean wanted to see Cas the way he had seen him so many times.  But no such luck.  Cas pulls the bag from Dean’s hands, takes his tumbler carefully, so carefully, so their fingers don’t touch, and slides away from Dean, not looking back as he speed-walks down the cobblestone sidewalk.
He can be honest with Cas, hell, he’s been more honest with Cas about random shit in his life than he had been with anyone he put his dick near in years, so he guessed he kinda owed it to the guy to sort of explain just how fucked over he had been and how…not eager he was to do that again.
Dean gets a little lost in his thoughts for the rest of the shopping trip, skimming up and down the aisles, bickering with Cas about what brand of sliced bread is best, because they’re at that point, apparently.  He thinks about how Cas is one of the only people on earth, barring Sam, that can calm him down when he almost gets drowned by anxiety and doubt.  He’s never had anyone that can just, cover his mouth with their hands and make him listen, make him see what was real and what his mind created, like lighting up a maze, helping him find his way out.  He was realizing, the more time he spends with Cas, the more he bickers with him, the more he hears him cry out his name in bed, the more he feels like this is less of a long term hookup and more of a relationship.  That’s scary as hell, but there’s almost a comfort there, even though he had told himself that he was not going to get into another thing, not after Lisa.
Jo had insisted on having a small party, with only the people she knew and liked best, who just happened to be the people that Dean knew and liked best.  Pamela and Ash and talking to Ellen at the bar, Benny and Sam are arm wrestling, with Charlie and Jo cheering them on like they’re watching the Superbowl.  And yet, Dean still feels like he wants to turn around and run until he hits the ocean.
“I, where did you want it, or whereabouts were you thinking?” Dean feels like he can’t breathe, like he should tell Cas that he’s sorry, or tell him to get the fuck out, or make some joke about that tall handsome guy Dean had seen at Cas’ apartment, something, but he can’t bring himself to do it, this feels like something a little too important for something like that.
Cas bites his lip, staring at Dean’s mouth, and Dean feels the color rising in his face.  They’re staring at each other, each waiting for the other to make the first move, when Benny appears in the doorway.
“Fences,” Dean said, hitting the steering wheel in frustration, “We need somewhere with good, strong, fences.”
“They’re right to be protective of you.  They don’t know me, not really, they don’t know I’m serious about you, they probably just think I want to fuck you up again.  But we have time, even if they don’t like me they can at least get used to me,” he squeezes Cas’ hand, “Listen, don’t worry about it, just crash here, we’ve got tons of food and beer and wine and bad movies.  Let’s just hang out.  Chill, not worry about anything.  Okay?”
Sam is sitting on the couch, watching TV, some National Geographic show that Dean can’t stand, and he only looks up when Dean clears his throat.  They were both brick red.
Dean hears thundering steps, following loud, affably arguing voices coming down the out of sight stairwell.  Two boys, both around his age, come bursting through the door, with all the manic energy of two tornadoes.  The taller one is skinny, a little gangly, maybe older by a year or two, and has an honest to God mullet.  The shorter one also has long hair, but it was dark, and he has these clear blue eyes that immediately go to Dean’s face, and he feels himself turning a little red, which was the exact shit that got him thrown out onto the fucking streets.
“Thursday night works for me,” Dean doesn’t even bother to disguise his excitement, “I can cook dinner.”
Dean spends another two full days cooking his Christmas meal.  Cas dyes his hair red and green with Dean’s help on Christmas Eve.
It took an embarrassingly short amount of time for him to come, and when he did Cas swallows like he had been doing it all his life, hollowing out his cheeks and Dean shuddered underneath him.
“I feel like I need to apologize,” Cas’ looks a little downcast now, eyes glued to the starched white tablecloth.
He clocks out, heads home, takes a long and blessedly warm shower, scrubbing the dirt and the grit and the grime off of himself before he shaves for the first time in like ten days, throws on a pair of his “nice” pants and a dressy printed shirt that Charlie had bought him after binging three seasons of
“Hers,” she was seeing all of time, because the Heptapods taught her their way of seeing time, their language.”
Halfway through an episode of a shitty cop show, Sam comes out of his room, headphones on and moving gently to whatever folky music he’s clearly listening to.  His face brightens when he sees Dean sprawled out on the couch, and pulls his headphones down around his neck, grinning at the cacophony downstairs.
His heart was going to burst out of his chest.  He was going to die.  Cas was fucking everywhere, all over the place, exactly in all the right places, a puzzle piece that Dean couldn’t live without, and he comes hard with Cas’ name on his lips, Cas matching him with his own name and his own climax.
“Dean!  So glad we didn’t scare your off with our alcoholism and drug habits,” Gabriel winks at him, grabbing him in a hug that Dean is not at all prepared for.  He’s followed immediately by Balthazar who, supposedly because he went to Europe for graduate school loved to pretend to be a “real European” and kisses Dean on the cheeks.
“The ideal time for punk rock,” Cas grins, his eyes sweeping around the room, checking for acquaintances and friends.  Cas was friends with everyone, it came to him as easy as drawing breath.  Where Dean struggled to find things to say when he met someone new, Cas was across the room, entertaining them with a story he had told a thousand times and when Dean inevitably heard it later in the evening, he laughed too, never getting tired of the vigor, the life, the vibrancy that radiated from Cas, the way he could light up a room with his smile and his crazy hair, a beacon that Dean always went looking for.
Kissing Cas is one of his favorite post-breakup activities.  That and fucking Cas.  And sucking Cas’ dick and…well, you get the picture.  Cas has this full, plush mouth, something that all the celebrities paid hundreds of dollars to get, and it was Cas’ by design, and he tasted sweet when they kissed, no matter what he had been eating.  Cas was always the one to start the process, pulling Dean forward for the first time and the last, always taking the initiative when Dean was too afraid to, even when it was just the two of them in his studio.  And then they were off to the races, Dean pulling Cas’ hair, Cas leaving marks down the side of Dean’s neck, down his chest, a thousand tiny marks that didn’t fade for days and made Dean think of Cas and the cheap shampoo he uses every time he looked at them.
Dean looks up, and at the top of the escalator, hair flat from a full day of travel, wearing sweatpants and his usual long trench coat stands Cas.  He sees Dean and a grin spreads across his face, and when he gets to the bottom of the stairs, Dean wastes no time, bridging the distance between them, wrapping Cas in a hug that would probably crush his ribs, and Cas responds in kind, holding Dean, and Dean hadn’t really realized how much he missed Cas, even though he’d only been gone a week.
They were about a mile down the road, the last few bars of “Ramble On” fading off the stereo when the light hit them.  Even Cas was blinded by it, but he knew exactly who it was.  The tries screeched, gouging black marks into the grey pavement.  The light was blinding, piercing into Cas’ eyes.  It cut out at suddenly as it had begun, Cas had to blink fast to get his bearings.  He realized his arm was stretched towards Dean, pressed against his stomach.  He and Dean looked at each other.
“What did you do?” Sam asks accusingly, and the sting of his anger is easier for Dean to process.  It’s easy to be angry because the alternative might kill him.
“Will you stay the night?” Cas asks, an edge of nervousness to his voice, and Dean can’t help but smile, because he feels like he’s in middle school with a crush on someone, in that awkward phase where talking to them would mean certain death, so any interaction was stilted and weird, but he didn’t mind it.  The crush phase was highly underrated.
ten minutes before midnight.  His Dean comes up to the truck, where Cas was laid up in the passenger side, eyes closed, feet on the dash.  He expected him to make an appearance, but was surprised to find him alone.
“Where the hell have you been?  It’s one in the morning.” Charlie and Sam say in unison as he walks in the door of the apartment, which warm and homey and also completely alien, like Dean doesn’t recognize anything in there.
He can practically see Sam’s heart beating out of his chest.  Charlie steps up next, giving Sam a gentle hug and pushing something into his hand.  It’s a lego minifigure of Aragorn, Sam’s favorite
The hall leading to Pamela’s studio is brightly lit, with bright splotches of her artwork on the walls here too.  It was one of the things he had always loved about Pamela, that her art didn’t stop with the skin, but was on the walls as well.  She had painted him a stylized modern art piece for his thirtieth birthday that hung proudly in the living room, and she always looked so proud every time she saw it.
“Okay,” Pamela says in between bites of her veggie burger, “If you got ten million dollars tomorrow, would you go vegan for the rest of your life?”
“How’s the tattoo healing, then?” Dean asks over his second glass of wine and the low chatter of the restaurant, the shadows of the candles at the tables casting dancing shadows along the walls, along Cas’ face.  Things are a little different, it’s not like they’re back to normal, and Dean knows that Cas is still reserved around him, after everything, and he’s learned, in the past few days, that he shouldn’t push too hard.  That he needs to be patient, even if it makes him want to run off the end of a pier leading to the Hudson.
“Dean!  Cas!” Jo comes running towards them, and Dean breaks contact with Cas just long enough to spin Jo around in a hug.
Charlie approaches Dean, puts her hands on his shoulders, looking at him seriously, Benny and Pamela watching from the other side of the shop, all of them wondering whether this was going to be serious or a meme.
“That makes sense I guess,” Dean avoids her eyes, toying with the edge of an afghan she has hanging over the couch.
building from where they were.  He was fucked up, but he had the greatest family you could ever ask for, and when Pamela handed him a red solo cup filled with sangria, he accepted it gratefully, his heart feeling lighter than it had in weeks, months really.
Entering the apartment is like walking into the middle of where a tornado had just touched down.  Charlie’s costume lay in the middle of their living room floor, and she’s clearly trying to decide exactly what pieces would work best for their party.  Sam is already clearly ready to go, but bounces up as soon as Dean comes in and grabs him in a bear hug.
Cas scoffed, moving as far away from Dean as was possible, the corpse of the demon still slightly smoking between them.
“What do you mean?” he feigns innocence, trying to put off what he knew was going to turn into an argument.  Sometimes he felt like they were married already, the way they argued over everything.  But that’s normal, right?  They’ve been together for so long.
“That can be a tough spot for a first tattoo, especially with all the black.  I think it’d be a good spot but I just want to make sure you know what you’re in for.”
Why does Balthazar get to call him Cas?  That was Dean’s name for him, he had said so a couple months into them dating.  Dean was fiercely proud of that.  He didn’t want this asshole taking Dean’s name for him, even if that asshole was Cas’ brother.
Dean hears Benny whistle quietly and sees Pamela’s jaw drop.  Charlie was a badass, but was usually the friend that coddled and comforted rather than hitting with hard truths.
Dean leans back into the worn fabric of the couch, struggling to find breath, struggling to think of anything but Cas and that guy.  The image of them is burned into his mind, like someone branded it to his subconscious, and he can’t close his eyes without seeing them, without hearing him call him Cas.
In hindsight, Dean knew with certainty that his father was a bastard, who hated him just for being, especially just for being who he was, and it was Dean’s greatest regret, to call Bobby and leave Lee to pick up the pieces of their life together, to start over and ignore calls that came day after day, week after week, month after month.
Cas walks him to the door, and, in spite of the agreement that they had just reminded each other of, Dean leans forward to kiss the side of his mouth, warm skin brushing against the cool metal in his lip.  He desperately wants to stay the night, and not have to stew in his anger and hurt and terrifying sense of relief that he and Lisa might actually be really over this time, but the agreement had been notarized, so he couldn’t break it now.
Dean thinks of the different hotel rooms every few weeks, each the same with different coloring: the dirty sheets, the broken windows, the TV with nothing but static, the empty fridges save for a case of beer and two bottles of whiskey.
“It doesn’t have to be perfect, it just has to be true to you, which it will be.  You’re a great cook and a great host.”
Dean shakes his head, grinning as she turns back to the movie.  Her words resonate, they hit him in ways that he didn’t know he could be hit.  He shouldn’t be surprised, she knows him better than almost anyone, but being called out on your shit in a way that hits this deep, especially by someone who just poked herself in the eye by dabbing too hard, is not anything that he expected.
She leaves it at that, going back to the potatoes and the Macy’s Parade.  Before Dean can say anything else, Charlie pokes her head around her doorframe.
Sam and Charlie don’t look sad, they look angry, which throws Dean for a loop, it’s not what he was expecting.
They end the evening by cramming into Ellen’s place next door, she makes them all coffee and they watch rom coms of Charlie and Jo’s choosing until they fall asleep in her living room.  Sam ends up curled up next to Dean, sleeping like he did when he was little, and Cas ends up on his other side, his head on Dean’s shoulder.  Dean’s not super comfortable, but he wouldn’t move an inch.  As the credits for
“Well then maybe you and I can stick together, since we’ve both been abandoned by our respective groups.”
Dean had sworn he would never fall in love like that again.  It was too fast, too intense, too all-consuming, not like the deep simmer thing he had with Lisa.  See how that worked out?  Dean remembered Lee’s eyes, his hair, the way he said Dean’s name, and he had promised himself that he had found something better, and when Lisa had left the cold shores of New York for the perpetually temperate climate of San Diego, it took everything in him to not drive straight through the night, fall to his knees, beg for Lee’s forgiveness.  But you move on, you know, that wasn’t his life anymore, that wasn’t Lee’s life, and he moved on with the memory of Lee etched onto his skin: the rose, the letter L on his shoulder blade, the memories as fresh and sharp as if they had been inked on his heart.  His skin was his history, and he was unashamed of that, but showing his history, his soul, to all those that met him, that was something he had never gotten used to.  So he’d make up stories on their backgrounds.  He just really liked roses, he’d say, not telling them that the man that had put the ink on his neck had planned it for weeks, at stenciled it thirteen times, placed it four, had kept him in the chair in one session, only taking breaks to kiss him, to check that he was alright.  The rose was a visible piece of his heart that would never really heal, same as Lisa’s delicate name on his ribs that he had never had the heart to get covered.  He was terrified of falling back into that, of Cas becoming a piece of his history, a memory on his skin that he would never be allowed to forget.
He basically falls down the back stairs and out into the alley connecting their apartment to the outside world.  He calls Lisa again, she picks up after two rings.
Camp Chitaqua was slowly becoming a home, and every survivor was looking to Dean.  Cas started calling him “fearless leader” when they were alone, just to piss Dean off.  It worked, he always got a smack on the back of the head when he called Dean by the name.  But really, it was true, Dean was the leader of the place.  People came to him with all their problems: rations, rooming, fears about the Croats, everything.
“Glad I could make it a little better, and you’ll fix it.  Just show up to her house with a dozen roses and her favorite takeout and she’ll be fine.  You never bail on stuff like this, if you just explain it-”
“A lot of fine line, mostly black and grey, I’ll throw some red in there sometimes, if you’re nice to me.  Maybe that’s why I like your painting over there, kinda the color scheme that I use.”
He’s broken out of his thoughts by Charlie sitting down next to him, in sweatpants and a t-shirt.  She hands him a large glass of water, knowing that they would both thank her in the morning.  Dean drains it, letting a few drops run down his chin, and then says,
He takes Sam aside almost immediately, but before he can get into his speech he’s prepared for the last two days, Sam cuts him off with another hug, and some words that nearly knock him flat on his back,
“It’s perfect,” Cas had breathed, turning the little cow over in his hands and giving Eileen one of those radiant smiles he usually reserved for Dean, “This one is my favorite by far too.”
Dean thinks about that, the silly gift exchange they always have at the apartment, with their shitty Christmas tree and Christmas movies playing on the TV the whole day.  He thinks of Cas and the way their gag gifts would probably make his nose crinkle with laughter, how Charlie and Eileen would love him, how they could doze on the couch after Dean made a kick ass Christmas dinner, and he finds himself craving that intimacy, the domesticity of it all.
“You’re all so beautiful,” he said as they left he and Dean alone.  Cas was waiting for Dean to jump him, so he stood up without looking at him, stretching and cracking his back, you had to loosen up those joints, you know?
He heads to the florist before work, picking up a bouquet of sunflowers and forget-me-nots for Lisa to drop at her door.  He hasn’t done something like this since they were in college and Dean had spent two days with Charlie and Cas at the lake and had completely forgotten to tell her about it.  They had broken up for two weeks until he had showed up at her apartment in a rainstorm (a nice touch from nature itself) and whisper-begged for her to take him back so as not to wake a sleeping Ben.
“Excuse me, ladies, I think I need to confer with out fearless leader for a minute.  Why not go get washed up for the orgy?”
“Relax sweetheart, you can take it.  If you love it then I want you to have it,” and Dean had folded it up carefully and pressed it into Cas’ hand, and Cas had given him the radiant smile that had settled in his chest like someone had slipped a little bit of the sun there.
The next few weeks are awful, but less awful than Dean honestly expected when he had his heart ripped out by the roots.  He gets lost in work again, booking himself completely six days a week, and spending every available minute with Charlie or Sam.  Tattooing is really becoming his security blanket, which is definitely not a healthy coping mechanism, but at least it brings in serious coin.  Being alone, however, that was when he was at his worst.  He isnt’t sleeping, up until the sun came up most nights, drawing at his desk and listening to his “heartbreak playlist” on Spotify.  He looks at his last texts to Cas almost obsessively during these hours, praying, begging that he might see the three little dots pop up, that Cas might reach out, but he never does.  Again…not healthy.  Sam sits him down at least once a week to tells him he needs to talk to someone, which is always met with,
“He’s not exactly the type for that, huh?  He’ll probably just study all weekend.  We need to get him laid.”
“Cas!” Dean scrambles out of the car, nearly falling in the rocky driveway that flows seamlessly into sand, “Cas wait.”
He loves Christmastime, he really does, he loves shopping for others and the bad movies and that clients are always bringing them good food, but he’s never really had to stress about buying a perfect gift before.  Sam, Charlie, Pam, Benny, Andrea, even Celeste, they were easy to shop for because they had no expectations, but there was a level of stakes with Cas that he wasn’t used to.
Charlie, Benny, Pamela, and Dean go to dinner one night after the shop closes, sitting outside, taking in the spring whether by the water, the snaking lines of cars they can see across the bridge, the towering, glittering city an omnipresent shadow.
They walk him to the door, and Sam seems more relaxed now, a little more like himself.  Before he leaves, Dean gives him a long hug.
“Yeah.  I’d like that,” he pauses for a second, steeling himself, “Can I tell you something stupid?”
“They can wait,” Dean had growled, pressing his knee in between Cas’ legs for better leverage.  Hands on his chest put space between their skin, and Dean pushed back, trying to just get one more kiss, one more lingering touch of Cas’ skin on his.
He trails off, clearly not wanting to finish his sentence.  Is he embarrassed or just afraid.  Cas is definitely afraid, he’s always afraid when it comes to losing Dean.  Who would have thought, Heaven’s most devoted soldier turned into something Heaven never intended for him, something almost human.
Dean takes a second to just look at Cas.  Look at everything from his blue hair to his blue eyes, which are full of concern for Dean.
“That I’m sorry that you hated yourself so much that you didn’t think you deserved him.  That you didn’t think you deserved me, or Lisa.  You do.”
“Not that, but selling drugs?  Also not a great look.  Both of em’ll land you in jail too.  I get it, it’s cold, you’re desperate.  I’ve been there.”
“It’s fine.  The theatre is up my ass at all times about it, and the director is just a complete douchebag, but it should do well.”
“You know there’s a clock on the wall right there?” Benny points out, a smirk on his face that only widens when Dean mimics him.
Cas, Charlie, and Benny immediately all start talking over each other, about how this is their big break, how the set list needed to be perfect, how Charlie was definitely going to find a girlfriend in Boston and leave the rest of them in the dust.
Cas looked at him and he knew that what he said next would quite literally change the outcome of their lives.  It may sound dramatic, Dean and Bobby often said that he sounded like he’d been ripped from a dystopian novel.  He didn’t understand that reference at first until Dean had thrust Cormac McCarthy’s
Dean waits for Pamela to sketch the piece, making small talk with Ash and challenging him to a Mario Kart tournament the next week that he knows they’ll all lose, it was stupid to ever challenge Ash to anything, because he always crushed at whatever he attempted, even if he had never tried it before.
“Don’t flatter yourself, fearless leader, I’m trying to make sure you don’t get yourself killed.  You could die of exposure out there.”
Cas wished he didn’t have to hear what Michael said to Dean, but he was still an angel.  He wished he could turn on the radio and listen to something Dean put on.  Some Zeppelin, maybe some Black Sabbath.  But he had to listen.  He had to hear Dean make his choice.
“Hey Dean!” Sam grins brightly at him when he steps in the door, “Can you help me with this problem?  I’ve been working on it for half an hour and can’t get anywhere.”
He’s not sure how long they stand there, pressed flush against each other, but it’s long enough that they hear Sam stirring in the room next to them.  They pull away, Cas missing Dean’s touch immediately.  Dean reaches up and brushes his thumb along Cas bottom lip.  Cas leans into him, and they stay that way for several moments, before they hear Sam stumbling down the hallway, calling their names.
The words are enough to make Dean stand straight up, forgetting Bobby, forgetting the beer in his hand, forgetting everything in the whole Universe except for the angel.  He was finally done searching for him.
“Uh,” Dean clears his throat, he really doesn’t want to talk about this in front of Cas, “Yeah I was thinking of getting something small on my bicep.  Easy to cover, the suits at the plant probably wouldn’t be into a face tattoo.”
Dean ignores the little jolt in his heart when Cas says he looked up Kashmir because of him, but instead looks over at him, shaking his head.
After this revelation, he finds himself outside in the cool evening air a little while later, trying to pull himself together.  (He just keeps randomly crying, how weird is that?)
It sounds lame even to him, but he’s not about to just roll over on this question, it’s a little too loaded for him and he thinks Cas knows that, but he’s always been great at pulling shit out of Dean that he didn’t want to deal with.
“That’s fine, but we aren’t cancelling our plans, I need you to dick me down at least three times today.”
“I love you,” Dean had rasped, losing his voice as the weight of Cas’ words settled into his chest.  Cas kissed him again, and Dean may have been imagining the sweetness of Cas’ mouth, the taste of honey on his tongue, but he didn’t think so.
Dean responds by kissing him again, pulling him close, learning and relearning the geography of Cas’ mouth.
When Dean turned twenty-one, he got shitfaced at some seedy bar while Sam studied for the SATs and John was on a hunt turned binge drinking session.  They hadn’t seen him in two weeks, but that was becoming more and more routine, as every time he was home, he and Sam would fight.  Dean would always get in between, always protect Sam, and if that earned him a black eye or two, so be it, he would do anything when it came to Sam.  They had thrown him out of the bar when last call came around, and Dean had sung happy birthday to himself as he stumbled back to their hotel, ignoring Sam’s bitchface as he focused on his flashcards, determined to escape the life that Dean knew he was stuck with.
Benny and Charlie head to their respective rooms a few minutes later, seeming to understand, almost subconsciously, that he and Sam needed one of those Brotherly Bonding Moments.
“Who’s paying?” Balthazar looks from Cas to Dean, like he already knows the answer.  Dean feels the familiar pit in his stomach, the familiar sensation like he’s moving and his stomach is staying firmly in place.  He could afford it, probably.  He’s not fucking broke, like this smarmy fucking asshole is implying.  He grabs the bill before Cas can move, and he can feel Cas’ eyes on him.
“I haven’t moved on,” Cas breathes, eyes darting everywhere, everywhere but Dean, “I can’t move on from you.”
Cas moves over to the sink.  Dean had always loved his house, a tiny cottage right on the ocean that was painted sky blue with white shutters.  It was tiny and yet he still managed to force a piano in the corner where the “dining room” should have been, and it always felt warm even when it was cold outside.  Dean had always loved this place.  He always loved that you could always hear the ocean, sometimes lapping, sometimes roaring against the sand and the rocks outside.
Dean snorts and Charlie’s smile is a little too soft, because she definitely knows exactly what he’s asking.
Sam gets the job at that law firm, the one from the art gallery.  He calls Dean at the shop on Halloween and after they all get on the phone to congratulate them, Charlie calls for a celebration at some bar in Willamsburg that’s throwing the “best Halloween party in the city.”
Cas didn’t say anything else, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that they weren’t going to make it out of there in one piece.  Dean was too reckless to listen to reason, especially since Sam might be in town.  The little group of survivors trekked into downtown Detroit, past the burnt out and blown up old houses and cars.  A great city once, Cas though, pushing a car door out of the way with his foot.  Dean gave him a look, full fearless leader mode.  Cas looked at him, pursed his lips, and rolled his eyes.
The next morning, Dean ends up at Cas’ apartment, checking in with the security guy and being let up with an early morning grumble and a special code.  He always feels like he’s visiting the president or the head of the KGB when he has to go through this process, but his heart is in a vice-grip, the crushing fingers unrelenting until he talks to Cas.
The brows don’t unknit with his words, so Dean reaches out and places his thumb gently on the space between Cas’ eyebrows, trying to smooth with physical touch.
“Dean’s being a baby about a hot guy,” Charlie says, dodging the balled-up napkin that Dean throws at her.
“It was good, the studio’s getting a lot of attention which is great.  I think more hipsters are moving out this way so here’s hoping.”
“Look at you, already so desperate for it,” Cas’ voice is deeper, still teasing, but with an edge to it that makes all the blood rush out of Dean’s head and into…elsewhere.
He gets lost in the world of color, coral, water, and animals, and by the time he leaves the otter exhibit, the aquarium is closing and he’s got ten texts from Cas telling him he needs to get his ass back to the hotel so he, Sam, and Jo can take an uber to the venue.  He pops into the gift shop and gets a little stuffed otter for Cas, which he will most certainly be wrapping and including in his Christmas presents this year.  Dean’s so happy with his aquarium time that he doesn’t even care that Sam is giving him a serious bitchface for being late.
He takes his time with Dean’s thighs, taking in every inch of the woman tattooed on the right, her face completely black save for her bright white eyes, standing in water, a spider crawling up her arm, and worships the ship caught in a violent storm, the hulking outline of a decrepit lighthouse visible in the shadows, and Dean feels like he’s losing his mind, fingers clenching around the feathery soft duvet.
thing for you, it just needs a few more minutes,” Dean grins at Cas, trying to make it clear that he could stare at his pie on his own, he didn’t need a babysitter.
“He, um,” Sam sighs, shakes his head, Dean wants to die, “You know that job offer?  He was telling me about it.”
Cas had left hours ago, and Dean, once he had peeled himself away from the Bunker’s table, he had headed straight for the Impala, turning the key and pulling out of the garage, fighting back the ache in his chest that threatened to overwhelm him if he thought about Cas too much.
He gets trapped with the very chatty group for fifteen or so minutes as Cas gets pulled away by his assistant Hannah, something about someone wanting to know the price and history of one of the main sculptures.  He gives Dean another one of those smiles, and Dean can’t stop smiling himself as the group chatters at him, asking him a million questions until he’s saved by Eileen and Sam walking in.
“And second, if you know where hot art guy works, and Sam impressing stuck up lawyers isn’t an issue anymore so…”
Dean thought he was smart.  He thought he could hide things from Cas.  Dumbass.  Even with his weird new personality, Cas could tell that Dean had been hiding something from him.  He almost never went out on runs, “missions” as Chuck now called them anymore, preferring to stay behind and teach the survivors some bullshit about meditation.  He had done more yoga than he had ever wanted to in his whole life, but people enjoyed it, and it gave Cas a sort of purpose.  But Dean?  Dean would come back with bloody knuckles and wounds all over his face.  Cas would see him, try and greet him but he would just…disappear.  No one talked about it, but they knew he was getting suspicious, because whatever was happening was happening on the camp grounds.
Dean’s nightmare of the painting is more vivid that night.  He dreams that the monster that crushes him doesn’t look like a monster, but has the face of an angel, with blue eyes and dark hair.  It crushes him, whispering promises of love and stability in his ears.  He is afraid, terribly afraid.
“I see things are going well out here,” Dean breaks into the argument with ease.  One of the many benefits of having friends that are more family than anything else is that he can just butt into arguments to break them up.  It had worked for years.
Dean lets Cas talk, hand resting on his chin, taking it all in.  How he was ever stupid enough to let this go was completely beyond him.  Cas was so much more than an art dealer, than a guy he met at a bar, than a guy whose smile could probably cure cancer.  He was an activist, a lover, a terrible artist, though he tries, a great listener, a good friend, the best damn sex Dean Winchester had ever had, and it had taken Dean far too long to notice that.
It’s just like he had always dreamed, one of those things that really made him believe this was Heaven and not just some made-up djinn dream.  Everyone was there, everyone he had loved and lost and found again in the sprawling eternity that was this place.  They had his favorite food, his favorite music, his favorite beer…everything was perfect.  Well, he thought so anyway, until his mother came out of the kitchen with a steaming apple pie with a candle in it and set it in front of Dean.  They all sang happy birthday, and he took the first bite of his birthday pie with a smile so wide he thought his face might split in two.
He waits for around an hour until Cas’ shitty car pulls up next to him.  Dean sees his outline in his porch light as he considers the Impala, and then carefully moves towards his front door.
“Tell me what’s wrong?  What happened?  If we talk we can fix it, but if you’re going to be huffy and silent there’s not much that I can do.”
“Yeah, and his wife Andrea and daughter Celeste.  She’s my goddaughter,” he adds proudly.  It’s pretty much his greatest achievement.
Dean takes a breath and sits down next to Pamela.  Of course, he immediately starts bouncing his leg.  Pamela puts a hand on his knee, stopping the shaking.
“Okay, okay, can we lighten the mood a little, boys?” Ellen rolls her eyes good naturedly, “I’m trying to run a bar, not a funeral home.”
Dean didn’t even try to stop him. He heard the tires of the Impala pull out of the garage and he tried really really hard not to collapse to the floor.
He doesn’t like airports.  Not only does he hate flying, but the crowds and the air of stress and desperation coming out of the place made him feel like he needed to crawl out of his skin and live under a lake where there were no flying metal tubes that could crash at any second.  He pushes all this from his mind, however, and hangs out at the bottom of the escalator, watching people reunite, or business people walking, exhausted towards the exit, clutching only shiny briefcases.  A little girl went running full tilt towards her grandparents, yelling with joy.
Cas whined and Dean gave him a wicked grin before returning before the task at hand.  Within minutes Dean had Cas in the palm of his hand, a whiny mess, begging for Dean to get him that inch closer to release.
“You know as well as I do that I can’t tell you what to do,” Cas smiles, “But I think Ellen might like it if you came to the Roadhouse today.”
“Going to meet my siblings.  We have a tradition after thanksgiving to go shopping for Christmas together, and as angry as I am at them, I don’t want to miss it.  So I have to go.”
His appointments are booked for the next six months, with people begging him over Instagram to open his books for them, swearing up and down that they have the next great project for him.  He doesn’t even really need to market himself anymore, the shop’s reputation, and his, have never been better, and he relishes in the idea that he doesn’t have to try so hard, that his work had paid off.
If there wasn’t enormity in those words, Cas would have laughed.  Instead, he kissed the top of Dean’s head.
Running into Cas in Central Park was like taking several long strides backwards for Dean.  He had been doing well, accepting his mistakes, trying to move forward.  He starts dreaming about that stupid fucking painting again, which is just cosmic punishment since it seems to be completely burned into his psyche.  Then he starts dreaming about Chicago, and then Cas, and those nights are so bad he almost wishes he could be a cyborg and never have to sleep again, just be powered off to charge every so often, that would be easier.
“You have said no so many times, Dean.  I implore you to consider what you’re doing now, just this once.”
Cas wasn’t sure how long they were locked together, leaning into each other, the rest of the world not even a thought.  Dean tasted surprisingly sweet.  Cas pushed his tongue into Dean’s mouth.  In the very dim back of his mind, he hoped that he was doing this right.  There were a lot of opportunities for kissing in Heaven, and he knew Dean had more than enough experience.  He just didn’t want to…fuck this up.
Dean doesn’t answer reflexively, because at this point he was liable to say something really stupid and not be able to talk his way out of it.  He takes his time, thinking that he might as well take the blond girl home, she’s pretty and clearly into him.  He doesn’t look back at Cas, just mutters,
They finish the dumb Netflix original rom com and Dean gets Charlie a blanket and a pillow, and she curls up on the couch.  He kisses the top of her head as he pads to his room, and she calls after him,
“In theory that attention sounds great,” Charlie shakes her head, “but really I feel like I’d just be suffocated.”
“What do you want, baby?” Cas positively purrs and, that’s it, Dean’s going to have a heart attack, “Do you want me to let you come?”
“You’re a little bit anal, you know that right?” Jo is staring at him as she gets a bottle of water out of the fridge.
He had pushed Dean into a corner.  Cas knew that Dean would never refuse Bobby if it was a choice between Bobby going with them and Bobby going with a stranger.
“So um.  I just wanted you all to know something.  And some of you know it already, but I wanted to tell you all because you’re my best friends, my family.  I’m bi.”
“I’m crazy,” Dean says, head in his hands, three days after Castiel had shown up in the shop.  Three days after a two second kiss that Dean couldn’t help but think about every time he closed his eyes.
“Uh,” Dean feels his face betraying him, turning red against his will, “I don’t know, maybe.  Sam’s there so probably not.”
And then, you know those movies where the character realizes the other person has moved on, and they look like they got stabbed in the heart?  Yeah, Dean hadn’t understood that until now.  Behind Cas comes some very tall, very handsome dude and Dean literally feels like the biggest idiot in the whole world, because of course Cas already moved on, of course this was all the stupidest thing he’d ever done.  He can’t even look at the guy, who’s standing behind Cas and looking at Dean with interest, he can’t look at Cas, who looks like he wants to say something but doesn’t quite know what to say, so Dean’ll save him the trouble.
As always, the drive to Camp Chitaqua was nothing if not eventful.  They were always having to find new ways around the military.  This time they had blocked the main road, and the Impala wasn’t really meant for off-roading.  Dean sighed in frustration as they almost got stuck for the tenth time.
Castiel laughs at that.  The throw back your head, full throated laugh that invites anyone in its proximity to join in.  And Dean does, they laugh together in the secluded corner of the gallery, Dean suddenly very aware that Castiel was sort of in his personal space which he normally hated, but maybe it's his eyes or the way he licks his lips when he looks at Dean, Dean doesn't mind.
“It’s not just an alien movie, it’s a commentary on the choices we make, and whether we’ll alter them if we know the future.”
“I’ll see you on Thursday then,” Dean says, a little breathless when they break apart.  Cas smiles and runs his thumb along Dean’s bottom lip, catching a little at the silver metal.
Cas is already out of his shirt when Dean pushes the door open, and he’s wiggling out of his jeans right in front of Dean’s eyes, and Dean suddenly wishes he had had fifteen more beers so he wouldn’t have to remember this in the morning, because it would keep him up at night.
Charlie, Sam, Jo, and Benny are waiting for them in the swanky lobby, Charlie tapping her foot impatiently on the shiny tile floor.
Cas laughed, he couldn’t help it, this whole situation was so fucking absurd, and now he had to explain to Dean, the one person who knew everything about him, what the hell had happened to him, why he was drug-addicted, broken down, useless.
One night, a particularly bad one shook the walls of the house.  Dean had caught Cas following him out to the clearing Cas had had no choice but to drag him back to the house before Dean woke the whole place up with his shouting.
Eileen, like Charlie, goes straight in for the hug, and Cas is about as shy as Dean’s ever seen him. He’s got that small smile on his face, eyes a little downcast, Dean can tell he’s giving that puppy dog look that could make a stone statue melt into a puddle of goo.  He knows because it’s happened to him at least five times a week since he and Cas started dating.
They make their way to the train, all of them in a little group, chattering about the day’s clients, tattoos, consultations, the fact that Benny’s client had almost passed out in the chair and Benny nearly threw out his back trying to catch the guy before he fell.
The ride back to the city isn’t nearly as enjoyable as the one on the way there.  Cas and Dean sit in huffy silence, not even playing music to break the sounds of the road and their occasional sniffs or sighs.  Dean is still royally pissed off by the whole thing, which went about as badly as first family meetings can be, and he just knew it, he knew they’d hate him because of the way that he looked and the way that he was and the way that he didn’t have any money and the way he had tattoos in visible places and a lip ring and the way he was defiling their precious rich-boy brother.
“He can read clocks, ladies and gentlemen!” Charlie dodges away from Dean, who tries a playful jab at her, and he sees she has something in her hands.
“Do you think you’re a big man when you kick things over or throw things?  You can’t stop me from doing what I want.”
“Every time you look at it, you see something new, like it’s changing in front of you, never the same each time, you know?”
“It’s just going to be on mute,” Dean points out, finally making an appearance, all his prep in the kitchen finally done.  He just had to check the turkey around seventy-five more times before he was satisfied with everything.  Cas slides over to him immediately, and Dean feels all warm inside, happy to see Cas so relaxed and happy, especially since Dean really really really wants this to go well.
Sam tells Dean all about the girl he’s now been on three dates with, Jessica, and how he was hoping to ask her to his winter formal at the end of the year.  Dean listens intently, trying to come up with the best way to ask her.  Nothing too cheesy, nothing too over the top.  Dean remembers the time he had asked Lisa to a fancy dinner in a tuxedo, but Sam nixes that, they would be hanging out in a few weeks with their friends, and a full tuxedo might give the game away.
lmaooooo that THIS is the chapter that gets posted on Valentine's Day.  So uh yeah, this would be the angst I've been referring too, and my boy Dean is gonna have to do some serious growing amiright?  In spite of the ~angst~ I hope you guys enjoy, and I'd love to talk about it! :)
Dean trails off sort of lamely, not sure what to do with his hands since his heart was literally coming out of his throat in the form of word-vomit about his insecurities over a painting to Cas.  Cas stares at him blankly, head cocked a little to one side, fork still suspended in midair, green pesto pasta getting colder by the second.
Dean stomps to the bathroom and stares at himself, unrecognizable.  He looks good yeah, but good enough for the rich and probably famous that are going to be at this thing tomorrow?
“Thanks for not finishing it,” Dean collapses into the chair next to Sam at their rickety table in his boxers, as Cas slides a literal mountain of eggs on his plate, “It’s okay man, we’ll figure it out.”
“Okay okay, one more thing,” Dean steels himself, he’s not sure he wants to know the answer to this question, but it’s going to eat at him if he doesn’t ask, “And you have to be honest.”
Anger begins to bubble in his chest again, stronger and stronger and stronger this time.  Why the fuck did Cas bring him to this if he was just going to leave him here to get shit-talked by his family?  He’s exposed in the open air, like a deer caught in the crosshairs of a gun, and Cas’, Castiel’s whole family is aiming at him.  Gabriel with his smug laughter, Anna with her coldness, Samandriel with his simpering gaze, Balthazar with his accent and his v-neck.  He hasn’t even met Gadreel but he hates him too.  Dean is drowning, drowning in how badly this is going, how much he wants to leave, how much he wants to strip off this costume and just leave, just go, take the Impala and drive back to Brooklyn with Pamela and Benny and Sam and Charlie and Eileen and not ever set foot in Westchester again.
Dean snorts at that.  It’s rich guy humor, sure, but Dean can appreciate a joke, no matter who it comes from.
He’s so lost in the new experience he’s having that he almost forgets to look at Cas’ face to read his reaction.  It’s an expression he knows well, Cas has the look on his face that usually came when Dean kissed him: a level of softness that Dean never thought could be directed towards him.
“Fine, fine,” Dean relents, but before he can make another move, Castiel’s hand is running down his arm, lacing their fingers together and Dean seriously thinks he might be in the early stages of a heart attack, because it keeps beating off kilter every time he looks at Castiel.
He walked out of the bar, got into the Impala, and headed back to the Bunker, desperately hoping when he opened the door, that Cas would be there, waiting for him.  But no such luck.  The Bunker was empty when he got back, and Dean shut himself in his room, hoping that his headache would distract from the pieces of broken heart that he left laying on the floor.
“I sure do, let me put my money where my mouth is,” Dean takes Cas in his mouth in a fluid motion, and it takes less than four minutes before Cas is coming in his mouth again, moaning Dean’s name in a way that would make literally anyone come apart at the seams.  It was always that way with Cas.  Always that way.
“Unloveable”, he would sneer, sticking a knife into Dean’s heaving chest, “Your daddy really hated you Dean. And why not? What have you ever done? You break everything you touch. You’re unloveable.”
They checked on the camp almost every day, and the improvements were coming along, but it wasn’t secure enough to move everyone over yet.  And then, there was the greater problem: how the hell do they get everyone out when it was finally ready.  Every day they stayed it was more and more dangerous to take people out.  They were running out of time.
Dean does his best not to freeze over the turkey, but there’s not controlling the blush that creeps up his ears.
“Cas doesn’t want his hair to burn off,” Cas yells from the bathroom, and Sam cracks open the door at his words, still giggling as he holds out the mixer.
Dean blushes, knowing that Cas is going to press on this button until something happens.  He sighs.  Fucking relentless, with his hair and his eyes and his hands and his shoulders.
Not long after, Cas’ breathing turns slow and deep and steady, and Dean takes a moment before he falls asleep to watch the window, where the rain is streaking down the glass, to feel the heat of Cas pressed up against him, to hear the sound of his breath, to smell Cas’ expensive shampoo and laundry detergent on his sheets, to taste Cas on his tongue, to use every one of his senses to appreciate the moment that he’s in.  He may be a little tiny dot of a person in this great big world, a tiny dot that struggles to feel worthy, worthwhile, but he, at least, found another tiny dot of a person that he can struggle with.  He’s grateful for that.
“You must be Charlie,” Cas extends his hand, which Charlie bypasses and goes straight in for the hug.  Cas returns it immediately, and Dean knows, he just knows that these two are going to get along just fine.
He lets out a shaky breath, thinking about how warm Cas is, how much Dean likes behind held by him, tries not to think about how little he fucking deserves to be held by him, by a man who can purchase the place that he lives like it’s nothing, who takes UberBlack for god’s sake.
Cas is staring at Dean with a funny look on his face, which is weird because Dean knows every single one of Cas’ expressions, so to surprise him is kinda like surprising the dictionary with a new word: it just doesn’t happen.
He nearly breaks into a panic attack when he sees what looks like a trench coat piled next to a tree.  He scrambles to it, tripping over his own feet in his haste to get to it.  He grabs at the pile, terrified of seeing blank blue eyes staring up at him.
Dean nearly rear-ends the cab in front of him and has to slam on the brakes, jolting them both forward.
“Will do,” Dean calls as he throws some things into a duffel bag, including a few things he’d usually take camping, because, you know, he’s a stealth master.
“Hmm?” Cas runs his hands through Dean’s hair again, making him sigh and lean into his touch.  He knew it was only for a week, but he was selfish by nature, and he was really desperately going to miss this.
“Yeah, he passed the bar a couple of months back, he’s starting out as a second chair for a smaller team, but they’re taking him to court a lot which he’s excited about.
“He started work last week, he likes it. Man, he comes home and he talks about work and I just nod along and pretend like I know what a deposition or a mediation or a trial checklist is.  He loves it though, it’s always been his passion, to help people.  Plus, he was the first one in the family to go to college so I’m proud of him.  I’d never tell him this, but it’s nice to have him back, we spent something like twelve years not living in the same place, and it’s just been nice to have him be my roommate.”
“It was just some script work on his arm!  The guy was huge!” Benny complains as they get on the A headed towards Harlem.  Dean’s emotions key more keyed up with every stop, he sort of feels like he’s going to throw up.  Or have a heart attack.  He’s not sure which one is going to win out at the moment.
Jesus Christ, he hasn’t even gone on this date yet and it’s already crushing his fragile self-esteem.  This was a bad idea, right?  But he shouldn’t worry, it’ll probably go badly and that’ll be the end of it. He’s never been good at first dates anyway, why should he worry about this?
“I’ve tried, Dean, you know that.  You know I’ve tried.  They won’t listen to me.  I don’t even think they can hear me,” the next words pained Cas to say, “I’m not an angel anymore, Dean.  there’s no ifs ands or buts about it.  I don’t think I can help you, and I’m sorry for that.”
Sam is, of course, thrilled that Dean is going on another date, since he , as Sam pointed out, hadn’t been on a “real date” in over a year, and that had ended with nothing but a diner he wasn’t allowed to frequent and a black eye that hadn’t healed for nearly three weeks.
The tension leaves Cas’ muscles by degrees, and Dean’s glad they’re talking now because he does not like them being in a fight, not at all.
“You broke up at least four for a while, and then the random times you called it quits for like three days.”
The picnic is bomb, as expected, and as Benny and Andrea lay back on their picnic blanket, they let Dean take Celeste to get rid of some of her boundless energy.  Celeste was beautiful, the perfect split between her mother and father, with Benny’s blue eyes and Andrea’s beautiful bone structure.  She was already as smart as Andrea and as kind as Benny, which made Dean her absolute slave, which she knew, so she had started to ask for “dates” with him, where they would go see a movie, eat way too much popcorn and candy, and just tear around the city, Celeste leading the way, pulling Dean by the hand.
He’s such a fucking coward, part of him wishes that this’ll go badly, that there won’t be the spark he feel when he’s within ten feet of Castiel, that they’ll be able to go their separate ways at the end of the night and Dean will be able to drink to the memory of his hair, the way he laughs, but leave it at that.  No strings attached, no messiness, no falling into something so deep that he’ll never be able to crawl out, and, most importantly, not having to deal with the inevitable fallout due to his own crippling inadequacy and Castiel’s realization that Dean is not good enough for him.
After weeks of a whole lot of nothing, Dean had tracked down a lead on the Colt once again.  Even after the disastrous last attempt, Cas insisted on going.  And, of course, this sparked another round of intense bickering in their cabin.
Dean is so stunned by the words that he can’t form a coherent comeback.  Because not only is it the shittiest thing he’s heard since high school but it confirms the terrible fear that had curled its hands around Dean’s mind: he is not good enough for Cas.  And it wasn’t even true, the tiny voice of reason in his mind screams from the dark corner that Dean had stuffed it: he has a great job, a successful job doing something that he really loves.
She, Dean, and Sam all stare at each other, before scrambling to pay their meager tab and walk nonchalantly out the door, didn’t want any of the circling vultures to pick up on them leaving and try to follow them or something.
Against his better judgement, he lets Cas leave, he lets him walk quickly down the street and round the corner.
Charlie rolls her eyes, and switches back immediately to Dean’s date, which is what he’d been trying to scoot her away from.  It’s not like he didn’t want to talk about it, hell, he wanted to shout about it from the rooftops if he could, but it almost felt like, if he talked about it, it wouldn’t actually be real.  Or, that talking about it could make it more real, which, let’s be honest, was just as scary.
Charlie looks softly at him, something he can’t read in her face.  He doesn’t want to think about it, he just wants to see Cas again.  He picks up his phone absentmindedly, swiping until his messages with Cas pop up.
“Smells good,” Sam grins, going straight towards Cas, pulling Eileen by the hand, “Cas, this is Eileen.  Eileen, Cas.”
“Listen Cas, I know that all this crap is crazy and that I should be out there taking care of all those people, but I can’t- I can’t leave this room until you wake up man because I need you.  I need you, Cas.”
“I’m not leavin my home,” Bobby cuts through the silence with about as much subtlety as a freight train.
, Dean thinks, but smiles at Cas as he takes his hand, pulling up the mask that he was so adept at, that not even Dean could tell it was a mask sometimes.
Castiel swills his own wine, sniffing it before he takes a sip.  Dean remembered seeing that technique in
Sam bounds into his room and immediately closes the door to facetime Jessica (his official girlfriend which definitely doesn’t make Dean emotional when he thinks about it too much).
“Save my seat,” he tells Jo and Sam, and he steps back towards where he thinks the backstage area would be.  Benny pokes his head around a door down the hall and motions Dean towards him.  Dean lengthens his stride.
He and Dean walked to the armory in silence.  Cas knew that Dean knew that he was angry.  Well, angry wasn’t the right word, he was well past angry.
He waves goodbye and hits the dirty pavement, heading toward the store and moving like a man on a mission, knowing what brands of everything he needed.  He hoped Cas had at least
“Oh yeah, of course,” Dean says, trying to cover his awkwardness with macho bravado, which definitely does not work, “You looking to get something done?”
And then, when he was 30, Castiel had entered the scene; with cracking lightning and bright blue eyes, he had stood too close to Dean, essentially not moving for eleven years. They had been through everything together. Allistair, the Apocalypse, Sam losing his soul, Cas’ betrayal, the Leviathin, Cas’ death, Purgatory, Naomi, Cas’ death....again, Metatron, Amara, Lucifer possessing Cas, the Mark of Cain, losing Cas again, raising Jack, losing Mary, losing Jack.....the list goes on.
Dean had expected to stay at the bar for at least a couple of hours after their set.  He figured they’d all want to be the center of attention for a while, they’d earned at least that much.  He thought that Charlie and Benny would monopolize the crowds of fans that were swarming like ants around the green room door, that he might just have a few seconds to try and express to Cas just how he felt about that new song.
“You know,” Dean calls over, still swaying to the pop music that Cas had put on, “for a guy that’s in a screamo punk band, you’re really into top 40 music.”
He finishes up with Christian after about four hours, and he’s so excited about the finished product that he swears he’ll be back in a few weeks to talk about another piece.  Dean’s excited too, it’s always so nice when someone loves the work so much that they want to come back right away.  It looks good on him too, so Dean snaps a picture so he can put it on his Instagram, maybe throw it up on the website if the mood strikes him right.
His voice echoes across the clearing.  He knows he’s drawing too much attention to himself.  It’s not like he’s alone here, there are god knows how many monsters that want his blood lurking in every shadow.  But, he never had much sense when it comes to Cas.
“What are you, stoned?” Dean asked, and Cas wished he could just tell him everything that happened in the past five years, let him know just how much they had lost, how much he had lost, but now’s not the time for blaring honesty.
“Ha ha,” says Sam, punching Dean on the shoulder, “Seriously though, Dean, thanks for coming tonight."
Sam beams as soon as he sees them, and Dean’s general annoyance at their very loud existence melts away.  It’s easy to be happy when Sam is happy, still the baby of the family even though he’s taller than any of them at seventeen years old.
Cas’ eyes are cold, he’s set in the doorway, arms crossed, body hunched away from Dean to protect himself.  It breaks Dean’s heart a little.
Dean sprawled out on the bed, and Cas settled in next to him, as though the last few days hadn’t happened.  A rare argument that didn’t end in a grudge.
Dean’s moving like he’s in a dream, like he’s running through this thick molasses, his movements slow but deliberate.
They lay there again, languidly kissing, as Dean’s own hands wander down towards Cas’ already hard cock.  He likes to think he’s pretty good at this, as he moves his hand lightly over the head of Cas’ cock, and the way Cas throws his head back with a loud moan makes a self-satisfied grin spread over Dean’s face as he continues, playing Cas’ rhythm game on himself, changing it up right when he can feel Cas’ muscles go tense.
That sounded lame, even to Cas.  Of course he wasn’t fine and Cas was a fool to even ask.  Dean didn’t have to say as much.
It’s really one of the better thanksgivings they’ve ever had, Eileen fits in seamlessly, and Dean and Charlie eat so much food that they have to lie on the floor for thirty minutes after their third helping, Charlie sticking her arms in the air, having read in some magazine that that helps the food digest faster.
The agreement had been in place since they were twenty-two, now, at nearly thirty-one, it still stood strong.  It didn’t happen so much anymore, they were either perpetually single or in a committed relationship, so it was less of an excuse to fuck and more an actual grieving process.
Cas’ shoulders visibly relax when he hears Dean’s voice.  He looks up, his eyes worried and almost glassed over with panic.
“You have a lot of learning to do,” Charlie takes his hand, “And while I’m not the most qualified, I can help you through this.  It’s a weird time, but you know I’ve got you no matter what right?”
was his favorite album, Dean played it on repeat for about three weeks, until he and Cas knew every second of every song.  The album became their thing, Cas didn’t have a voice like Dean, but he held his own with “Houses of the Holy,” (which Dean found unduly funny), and Dean could steal hearts with “Kashmir.”  They sang and sang and sang, until the album was around them wherever they went.  Cas found himself humming it when Dean was passed out, reading whichever book Dean had pushed into his hands that day.
Dean’s heard Cas sing a lot, it’s not like he doesn’t know what his voice sounds like, but there was something about this, about the way he sways as he sings, about the way he and Charlie occasionally look at each other, about the way his hair keeps falling in his face, about the way Dean can see the goosebumps on his arms, that makes Dean think that he might have to evaporate on the spot.  His chest feels weird and tight but he doesn’t want Cas to ever stop singing like this, they had to do this song in every set forever, Dean would demand it.
There are only two of Cas’ siblings at the table when they approach.  Anna, sitting primly upright in a green dress that, even Dean had to admit, looked pretty stunning, even though the bitter taste of their last encounter still stung his mouth, and Gadreel, who was in a suit and tie, clearly not coming from work, Dean had expected scrubs.
Cas leans up, experimentally, slowly, like Dean is a startled deer, make a sudden move and he’ll bolt.  There’s probably a lot of truth to that.  Cas’ lips brush the shell of Dean’s ear, then the side of his jaw, then the ridge of his collarbone.  Dean feels like he can’t breathe.  But his brain has disconnected, and he straightens up.  Cas, backs up immediately, thinking he’s gone too far, but Dean leans forward, grabs Cas’ hand, and drags him as fast as he can towards his bedroom.
Cas hangs out with them for a while, sitting on the floor between Dean’s legs, back resting on the couch as they channel surf, Sam and Dean bickering about whether Hulu or Netflix has a better selection of holiday movies to choose from.  Charlie passes out in her chair, Dean’s half convinced she’s more bear than human with the way she sleeps, and Eileen pulls out a book a few minutes into the new Netflix Christmas movie they decide on.  Dean finds himself running his fingers through Cas’ hair, his head resting on Dean’s knee.
It sounds stupid, childish to say it out loud, like he thought it was going to be some big confession or some big moment, but even though he had spent more than one sleepless night thinking about exactly what his kinks were, now it kinda seemed stupid, especially stupid to be saying it out loud, and even stupid to be saying it out loud to Cas.
“You can’t rush perfection,” Cas takes one last look in the mirror by his closet, “But yeah, I’m good.”
Cas stands there, hands on his hips, his lower jaw jutting out, clearly readying for a fight that Dean knew that he would lose if it came to it.
Dean waits for the punchline, but Lisa is standing across the bed from him, arms folded, hair flying, hips set.
“Holy fuck,” Dean breathes, running his fingers reverently over the black ink covering parts of the windows, red lettering in the windows.
“Yeah well, you dye your hair depending on the weather, so forgive me for not thinking you want the apple pie life.”
“Oh I know how long it lasted.  Trust me.  I think there’s a couple of people in Russia that didn’t hear you if you want to go for round two.”
“Because, I gotta open up shop, someone has to keep us all fed,” Bobby grumbles, but Dean can tell there’s no malice behind it.  He stands up from his chair and takes Dean’s dishes from him, stretching out a calloused, tattooed hand, “Come on now, you got a room upstairs and I’ve already got your stuff up there.”
Cas knows something’s up, he can always tell when Dean is off.  But what the hell is he supposed to say?  That he thinks he might be catching feelings for him?  There are several problems with that theory: one, Dean is straight, two, the whole point of the agreement was to not catch feelings, three, they’re best friends, and Dean wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize that, and four, he’s not catching feelings for Cas, that would be so dumb.  Plus, refer to point one.  He’s straight.
“They’re all staying a few more days, but I have some business to attend to so I came back early,” Cas leads the way over to the baggage carousel, looking for his suitcase.
“Sam um, he managed to slip me a burner phone, that’s the only reason we were able to keep in touch, he-”
“You can be honest with me,” Cas’ hand slides, warm and solid onto his shoulder and Dean jumps, so caught up in the feeling that he’s drowning, invisible water filling his lungs, dragging him down that he almost forgot Cas was even there.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas whispers, his eyes flicking towards the backseat and his tongue wetting his bottom lip.  The meaning there was something that Dean did not miss.
, and he had been forced into a stiff button down, he wasn’t even allowed to wear one of his t shirts, and a fucking tie, how disgusting.
Cas ends up splayed across Dean in the morning, and Dean pressed his nose into his hair, smelling the cheap shampoo and faint smell of bad cigarettes that he hates.  He forces himself to get out of bed and accept that things had to go back to normal, that the weekend was just part of the agreement, that it couldn’t be anything more.  Not that Cas would want anything more with him.
“Yeah, celebrating for sure.  Mostly Charlie and I came to get fucked up, but she ditched me for the first girl she could find so I guess I’m on my own.”
So, Cas did what any self-respecting human person would do when it was all going to shit: he did more drugs.  First it was little white pills, of every shape you can imagine.  Some of them made him jittery, some made him giggly, some made him sleepy, but he never really knew what would happen when he took them, which was exciting, put him on edge, but not in a “I’m about to get killed” kind of way.  Then, when just a couple weren’t giving him what he needed, he started mixing them.  He almost felt like one of those ancient…alchemists, finding out what mixing one and another would cause. He had some really really really bad experiences, but the good ones made up for it.  Sometimes, if he really hit on something good, he would be on the perfect high for almost twelve hours.
“I haven’t had my coffee,” Dean drains his mug as if to prove of point, and he sorta thinks he can feel his throat blistering.
He had seen a future with Lisa, but with Lee?  They lived only in the moment, whether that moment was tattooing or tasting the best burgers they could find or singing too loud on a road trip or dancing in their apartment or fucking or kissing.  There were, there had never been any expectations with Lee, he had been, for the first time in his life, allowed to just be, and didn’t have to put on his persona, the cool guy persona that guarded his heart carefully and protected him from the angers in the dirty sheets and peeling paint in the hotels he had stayed in too often.
Dean holds his breath, because why the fuck would Cas let him up there, but the guy smiles at him and gives him the code to get to Cas’ floor.
“Have you, oh I don’t know, seen the state of your neck, Dean?” Charlie asks, raising her eyebrows at him.
The words echo in his head, bouncing off the walls like one of those shitty 2000s screensavers that he and Sam would stare at when the research had been stalled.
“What’s that Taylor Swift song you love?” Charlie asks before he can leave, “That early one she did about Romeo and Juliet?  That’s you tonight.  Star-crossed lovers.”
“Holy shit,” Charlie gasps when they round the corner.  There are people lined up around the block, waiting for the gallery to open.  It looks stunning from the outside, with every pride flag hung in front, soft lighting visible from the outside.  Warm, inviting, safe.  Dean stares in disbelief at the crowd outside.
“Come here,” Cas tosses away his cigarette and says the words like an order, and Dean’s feet drag him forward, crashing into Cas, pressing him into the wall, kissing him with a voracity that normally came only in their dark bedrooms, not to be seen in the light of day.  Dean is too drunk on Cas to care, only seeking more of Cas’ flush skin under his stupid thin tank top, licking his bottom lip until his mouth gasps open, kissing him with the kind of fervor that he only kissed him with every other time they kissed.
Cas leans forward and presses his lips into Dean’s hair.  It’s a simple gesture, something that they usually don’t do unless the other is really fucked up.  So Dean must be really fucked up.
They spend most of the rest of the weekend in bed, lounging around between rounds, Cas insisting on playing this dumb game on his phone where you matched colored blocks and made bombs go off or something.  Dean had never been into those games (except
“You can complain as much as you want.  I don’t think anyone is expecting anything different from you, anyway.”
Dean is in a haze as he rides the train home, a hickey or two visible on his neck as he thinks about Castiel’s hot breath and his hands and the noises he made when Dean kissed his neck.  He doesn’t even mind the trek back to his apartment from the station, he sort of feels like he’s walking on air, like he’s moving faster than usual. He gets to his own apartment, worlds away from Cas’ high rise on Park Avenue, and he tries to shut the door quietly, kicking off his boots at the door.  He doesn’t even shower, just collapses into bed, plugging in his phone and sees he has a message from Cas.
When he returned to earth, to Dean, he put off telling him about it, it wasn’t anything he didn’t already know.
Dean sort of wants to explode at the word partner, but he just smiles the professional smile he reserves for the landlord at the shop.
Cas was sprawled out on his bed, snoring loudly.  He had pulled off his shirt and wriggled out of his pants since Dean had left him, and he did his best not to stare at him in the dim light.  He really wanted to trace the tattoo of the Teton mountains that was visible on his hip, but resisted the temptation.  He got a lot of self-control, thank you very much.  Dean set the water, the aspirin, and the Gatorade by the bedside table nearest him, stripped down to his boxers, and went to brush his teeth.  He collapses right next to Cas, trying to resist curling closer to him.  It doesn’t work, and he falls asleep as they match each other’s breathing
“Are we really arguing right now?” he asks, setting his jaw in a way that makes sure that Dean knows he’s pissed him off.
Finding his things intact made it a little easier to relax, and he slumps down on the pillows, and ends up sleeping for what feels like about three days.  When he wakes up, it’s with a gasp, sitting bolt upright in the pitch-black room and looking for a way out.  His heart rates slows when his brain catches up with his surroundings, and he remembers Bobby, Ash, Lee, the tattoo shop he had almost frozen to death in front of.  He looks around for his backpack, and sees its outline on the floor, still packed and ready to go in case he needed to make a getaway.  There’s a dim light coming from underneath the doorframe, and Dean stands, groaning as his muscles protest him moving at all.  The door is creaky, but Dean has spent his life knowing how to avoid people if he needed to, especially in cramped spaces, so he eases it open and looks up and down the dark hallway.  He sees his goal: the slightly ajar bathroom door to the right, two doors down, and he begins the slow journey, half due to his unwillingness to makes any noise and half due to the fact that he couldn’t run anywhere even if he had wanted to.
He doesn’t think he can speak, he feels like Cas took his voice when he walked out the door.  All those months of openness, of emotional honesty, they were put into the tiny box where they belonged, and Dean was taken back to the person he used to be: unattached, uncaring.
He pulls on a ragged Stanford sweatshirt and falls into bed, feeling warm and cozy and more content than worried now, even though the worry still scratched at the back of his mind.  He reminds himself of the promise he made himself, that he made Pamela: just go with the flow.  Too bad he always liked to go against the current.
Cas pauses and lets out a long breath, running a hand through his hair before locking eyes with Dean.
“Yeah, it reminds me of the making the fog out of your breath or whatever.  The two opposites sort of thing.”
“Well the only ones that I want to speak to left as well so we have nothing more to say to each other,” Cas pauses, “Gadreel and Samandriel are the least of my problems…Gabriel is in there too, if you want to play bitch games you’ll win bitch prizes.  I don’t want to hear it Balthazar.  And really, tell Anna to fuck off.”
“You care about Cas, honey, that’s why you’re nervous,” Pamela smiles at him from the other side of the subway car, and Dean is struck by just how fucking lucky he is to have them all in his life at the moment.
He makes the copies he needs, hands Cas his ID back, and leads him back to his station, going through and doing a disinfectant wipe down of all the surfaces, getting his inks in order, trying as hard as he can to not pay attention to Cas leaning against the wall, his legs and arms crossed casually, looking like an absolute vision.
Before he can blink, Cas is between his legs, deft and delicate fingers making him achingly hard in seconds, preparing him for what he could already tell was going to be one of the better blowjobs of his life.  Cas starts slow, tongue swirling over the head of his cock, drawing a weird sigh out of Dean, unlike any noise he usually made, and Cas just continues, wet mouth running up and down his cock, hollowed out cheeks taking it in, hands gripping Dean’s already shaking hips, but as soon as he gets close, really unbearably close, Cas stops, not cold, but changes or slows his rhythm so that Dean is on the edge of a knife, wanting to fall so bad he can hardly stand it, but really, he’s in the palm of Cas’ hand, and he’s playing right into it.
“No, not since a couple of years ago, like I told you about.  Bobby told me that he’s married now, which I’m glad for.  I thought about going back to see him, but whenever I swing through I just see the guys, I think Bobby makes sure he’s not there now.  We almost got into a fist fight the last time, so I think it’s better for us both.”
Dean looks up at Cas from the magazine he’s flipping through as Cas works on his computer, wearing these dorky reading glasses that Dean really loves, in an oversized sweatshirt and his boxers, Dean swears he could mainline this look and never need anything else ever again.
“Come on,” Cas stands, stretching, giving Dean the view of the millennia with the way he arches his back, his stomach exposed to the air as he lifts his arms above his head.  Fuck.  He’s hot.
“I’d rather hang with you and Celeste than go out to a bar with a bunch of Brooklyn hipsters who can’t handle their liquor.”
“It’s not that and you know it, but this fear you have of what everyone would think about you if they knew all that is so stupid, and I have never been able to figure out a way to help you with that.”
Cas rolls his eyes and lobs a piping hot half of a bagel at Dean’s head.  His aim has always been deadly.
The fourth time Dean wakes, he goes from lying down to half standing, starting to run from nothing again, even though there were no dreams to make him run, he knows he has to.  He collapses on the ground, his foot twisted in the sheets, and he tries to free himself, acting less like a human and more like a trapped deer caught in a barbed wire fence.
Dean doesn’t say anything to that, it sorta hurts too much to think about it.  He feels like he is a ghost, like he’s turned into a ghost.  He didn’t know who he was when he thought about how he felt about Cas, and now he doesn’t know who he is when he doesn’t have Cas.  So either way, he’s fucked.
“Really,” Gadreel looks really interested for the first time tonight, of course they’d be more interested in Sam than they were in him.  But he could talk about Sam for hours, so maybe this wasn’t such a bad thing.
Dean’s stomach drops to his shoes.  It’s not like he thought, he definitely didn’t think that Cas meant.  Fuck, it doesn’t matter.
One benefit to their whole demon fight?  Dean made Cas come out on missions all the time.  There was still time to teach people the “way of a peaceful life,” but Cas was once again Dean’s second in command, his voice of reason, his true shot.  Cas was still a terrible shot, it was more about the metaphor of the thing.  Cas didn’t mind being out in the open air, even though the company was terrible.  But then again, all he and Dean had left was each other, so when Dean said let’s go, Cas was always right behind him.
Cas is clearly trying to ignore Dean, who begins kissing delicately down his bicep.  Cas stills a little.
Cas had spent the whole night listening to the tape over and over, making notes in a notebook, and he knocked on Dean’s door the next morning.
Dean did what he always did, he swayed from foot to foot, shrugged his shoulders, and looked at the ground.  Never one to accept a compliment, every time Cas said this, Dean always ended up walking away.  But Cas was never far behind him.
Cas crosses to the mirror again, and even from where he is, Dean can hear him inhale as he looks at it.  Dean isn’t sure if this is a good idea, but he goes over to Cas, and realizes, with a pang in his chest, that Cas is crying.
“But Cas and I aren’t growing apart, you literally want me to stop seeing my best friend because you don’t like the vibe he gives off.  And what vibe is that Lisa, you haven’t explained to me what vibe that is.”
“They’re a little bit older, got their peak in the nineties maybe?  The lead guy, Crowley, he’s a friend of mine.  I think you’ll like their vibe, it’s a little less screamo and a little more hard rock.”
“I ain’t goin,” he said one afternoon, after Dean had spent the better part of two hours trying to convince him to leave.  Cas sat and listened to them argue, his feet on Bobby’s table.
“Whatever.  He’s cute and fun and it’s not like I’m gonna marry him.  We’re going to some Halloween parade in Harlem I think.  Anyway Benny, no one’s having a night as exciting as you.”
Cas cocked his head a little to the side and backed off.  He knew Dean well enough to know that Dean would knock him flat if he pushed too far.
“Remember the agreement,” Cas reminds him, leaning into his touch anyway, “On the weekend.  Can you get someone to watch Sam?”
“I think it looks nice this way,” Dean watches Castiel’s back as his broad shoulders strained the fabric of his sweater.  Dean takes off his flannel, draping it over the back of one of the island chairs.  He sees Castiel’s entertainment center, a flatscreen hung over the white fireplace, which is surrounded by so many movies it almost makes his eyes water.  Dean approaches the oak shelves and is not at all surprised to see a seriously wide range of movies.
“Your cooking is very good,” he continues, dragging his fingers slowly down the side of Dean’s neck, which, if Dean wasn’t so tired, would be enough to get him going again.
They essentially pretend that nothing is different.  They’re busy all the time so it’s easy enough to do.  They still do everything the same way, they move people to Camp Chitaqua bit by bit, kill Croats, try and keep the remaining people at Bobby’s calm and happy, the same old same old.  Except when Dean would push Cas up against the Impala when they were looking for Croats, pushing his shirt up, greedy hands searching for skin under layers of worn clothes.  After their first, almost embarrassingly innocent kiss, Dean was not messing around.  And Cas was certainly not going to argue.
“I was thinking maybe we could all go to dinner together sometime?  Maybe after work and me and Charlie close down the shop?”
like everyone else and almost quit on the spot when he saw the makeup on the plant workers and had two panic attacks that he was going to get radiation sickness and die.  But then again, it was pretty cool to say that he was a nuclear engineer at the Millstone Power Station, plus they got to live near the beach.  So you know, good trade off to potentially looking like an over-microwaved hotdog if something went wrong.
Charlie gets him a pillow and a blanket and, because she’s the best, she turns on some original Scooby-Doo for him to fall asleep to.  As he curls up on her couch, watching the gang catch the bad guy, Charlie runs her fingers lightly through his hair as she heads back to bed.  He closes his eyes at her touch, still desperately afraid of being crushed under the foot of the monster that’s the way he feels about Cas.
“Not in the cards, love,” Pamela pats him gently on the back and he looks over to Benny for some support, only to get a shrug in return.  Damn them, it was like having four siblings instead of one sometimes.
He can tell he’s balanced more precariously on the edge of the knife than ever before, but he’s too drunk on the whiskey and the weight of Cas’ eyes to care much about that right now.
“My dad kicked me out when I was sixteen.  I told you our whole, well, that he was kinda shitty but yeah.  He um, well um, he caught me.  Caught me and this kid, this guy, from the town we were in, and he kicked me out.”
Dean leads Cas to his room, once again, as he does every time Cas comes over to his place, like he should have seen this coming and he should have cleaned up, it always feels weird to be bringing Cas, with his perfect huge beautiful expensive apartment into his room, which is small and kinda dark and the desk takes up most of the room.  Like Cas deserves better than this. Dean tries to pull up Spotify on his phone, having carefully turned off the record player before they made their way down the hall.  Spotify is “loading” and Dean sighs in frustration, eager to get Cas back in bed.
Dean’s alarm goes off at nine the next morning which, if you asked him, was way way too early.  He cuts the annoying blaring of the stock alarm noise off with a heavy hand, rubbing too-little sleep from his eyes and groaning as he pulls back his blackout curtains, shying away from the sunlight like Dracula emerging from a coffin.  Hell, he fucking feels like Dracula today, four hours of sleep was not enough, he prefers to hibernate.  But staying up until four am watching Bake Off with Sam wasn’t a bad way to spend a night, especially since they got to start marathoning the holiday seasons, which were Dean’s favorite.  Sam doesn’t have a job yet, damn him, but Dean’s opening today and has a consultation at 10:15 so he can’t actually be late.
Cas’ eyes narrow, and he bites his lip in a way that he cannot know makes Dean feel some type of way.
“If you get us thrown out of here and keep me from these clams,” Benny threatens, looking less like their friend and more like a father trying to keep his unruly children in line, “I will refuse to play tonight.”
He’s never really allowed to get comfortable though, because right when he starts relaxing, when his shoulders stop tensing and he shares a laugh with their little group, one of the other three will pop in, pushing a button they can only know subconsciously will bother him, and he’s right back to square one.  Cas does his best, handing out insults that cut his siblings whenever they’re rude, but there’s only so much he can do.  And Balthazar and Anna’s disdain for Dean grows more apparent with every word they speak to him.
“Are you seriously okay?  I told you we were going to get you laid this weekend, or did you forget?”
Dean ducks out as soon as he can escape, needing the cold air on his face for a second, even just to sober up.  Of course, because they’re one in the same, he finds Cas out there too, in nothing but a tank top and sweatpants and sliders, smoking a cigarette and staring at the dark sky, only warmed with light pollution of the bustling town.  Snow is starting to fall and it’s bitterly cold, Dean has no idea how Cas isn’t turning into an icicle before his very eyes.
Cas grabbed the rifle and pointed it towards another target.  He cocked and loaded the gun, aimed, and fired.
They each had a favorite ornament, and they each placed their favorite on a place of honor on the tree, which stood tall and beautiful in the corner of the map room, casting rainbow dots of light on the wall and polished floor.
The rest of their evening is filled with good food (this new Italian place is definitely going to be in their regular rotation), laughter, and probably a little too much wine.  Charlie, as usual, comes back to the apartment with them, whining about her apartment being too far away and too cold, not that she ever had to convince them to let her come crash on their couch.
“Alright, fine, we’ll take it from there, but we have to keep an eye on it,” Dean jerked him out of his thoughts, “Can I talk to you?”
“That was pretty crazy,” Benny leans against the wall, staring at the wall of the bar like he can see through it, “we came out here because they warned us about the crowd.”
Cas remembered the way the earth shook when the angels left, how it felt like his wings were being torn out of his back, leaving him bloody and broken on the ground.  He remembered Michael’s parting words, “You’ll die with them.” Now he knew that to be true.
“Didn’t mean to offend,” Balthazar says, clearly not used to Cas calling him out when he, in Dean’s opinion, roundly deserved it.
Dean searches Castiel’s face, looking for the sign of a lie, like, that’s too nice, too generous for a first date right?  But Castiel seems to be nothing but honest, the oceans of his eyes are clear, like a calm sea.
Dean rubs the back of his neck distractedly, looking around for Sam.  He kinda wants to leave, even though super-hot sex hair Castiel had asked him not to.  It’s not like he’s nervous, don’t be fucking ridiculous, he doesn’t get nervous, but it
Cas found Risa in front of a more secluded part of camp.  A cabin that was off to the side, out of sight to most of the survivors.  Convenient.
His apartment feels lonely without Sam there, but he’s at work and Dean knew he’d say the same thing Charlie, Pamela, and Benny did, “you aren’t cancelling this date.”  Sometimes he wished his friends didn’t care so much about his goddamn love life.
“Wow you guys really saved me,” Charlie rolls her eyes, “Like I was going to just go into the void right when credits roll on this movie.”
“Ha ha, yuck it up,” Dean throws himself on Cas’ couch, throwing his flannel in the general direction of Cas’ bed.
Cas sighs, crossing his arms.  Dean is getting his wish, he’s pissing Cas off, starting a fight.  He learned a long time ago that fighting and anger are easier than almost anything else.
He stumbles, trying not to fall asleep after he realizes that there’s nowhere to go that won’t get him arrested.  As much as he desperately wanted somewhere warm, some food, somewhere dry, he knew that if he was arrested John would know, and he would find him.  Kill him probably, and, idiot that he was, he wanted to live.
Charlie sighs again, turning down the volume on the Battle of Helm’s Deep, so you know it’s serious.
He’s lucky Cas works nine to five as a graphic designer and not shift work like Benny and Charlie, or else he could look like a real creep, pulling into Cas’ driveway when he wasn’t even home.
Charlie heads out the door, Pamela following with a wave.  Dean stares at Benny, hoping he can rescue him.
Dean placed his ornament, his mother’s angel topper, with as much care as Cas had seen people handle newborn babies.  He had to lean up on his tiptoes to place her tenderly on the very top of the tree, and had asked them all repeatedly to see if she needed shifting, if she was facing the correct direction.  It was a labor of love, as if his own mother was watching over them.  Despite everything, Cas liked to believe that she was.
“It’s going very well, we actually found a space recently and should be up in a month or two.  This has been a much longer project than I intended when I started it, but I do think it’ll do some good for the charity, plus exposure and commission for the artists, which is always important.”
Cas turned around and walked away towards the bed, their bed, but before he could turn around and say anything else, the door slammed, and Dean was gone.
