"We'll get him there, probably," Clint said with a firm nod.
"Can't hear you, sweetheart," he sighed, and Emma turned a little so she could move her hands and he could see her face, making the sign for B and then 'grumpy'. "Oh, Bucky? He's in one of the safe-capsules with Darcy, and since Darcy's got Pete, with him too. They're safe."
There was the scraping of a chair's feet against the hard, stone floor, and the clicking of angry, determined heels, and Natasha was pretty sure she knew exactly who it was by the time a blonde head of hair swished around the corner of their cubicle.
"Yeah?" he said carefully.
"As long as you let me know before you go," he called after her, and got a 'mhm' in reply.
Clint burst out laughing, and cupped the back of Emma's head, brushing a kiss against Natasha's cheekbone.
"Only sort of?" she asked, but made a note of where she was on her paper and put it down on the coffee table, in whatever precarious order she had going on.
Despite her best efforts, a time limit was set today too, though she convinced them to let her stay for dinner, if Bucky picked her up afterwards.
"Whatever you say, Barton."
the Winter Soldier. Right now, he was a guy babysitting his best friend's kid so he could fuck his husband for a full weekend. Or do whatever couples  do when they're not fucking. He wasn't really all that eager to find out, truly.
"Hey Peter Pan," Tony said, leaning his head on Steve's shoulder. The nickname made sense to Bucky now, given their book preferences.
"Trust me, babe, c'mon," Emma whined, pushing her bottom lip out. Damian hummed, and let her guide him down the aisles towards the cashier. "One way to look at Lego is like a 3D puzzle, yeah? Except even cooler."
She was just about to reply when she was startled by Wanda's voice and nearly dropped her phone.
"Meh, let them go at it. Our parenting style is called 'battle it out'," Clint declared proudly.
" he huffed. "
"What? We have very weird family dynamics and I'm trying to introduce them gently. This is me being very gentle. Pietro and Wanda got the gentle headstart, and Darcy and Jane, why shouldn't Vision get it?"
Darcy held her hands up. "Well hey now, where did this come from? Who says I want that? Who says you have to want that?"
"And Tony still let you take care of his kid? That is so weird. He's freakishly overprotective."
"Look what I drew, Bucky!" he said happily, and shoved a paper into Bucky's hand. He looked at it and he had to clench his jaw to hold back a laugh.
Emma twisted her lips, and looked at him from under her eyelashes sort of shyly.
Peter's mac and cheese was done pretty fast, and Bruce fed him as Steve helped Bucky chop vegetables for snacks and a stir-fry. As soon as the little boy was finished with his food, his head began drooping, and Steve swept in again, taking him into the living room for his nap.
"Not mine," Emma said, and felt her eyelids getting heavy again. She could feel as bloodvessels in her thigh reconnected, the new surge of wet against the bandages Helen had no doubt fixed onto her leg, as her body struggled to patch her back together.
"Wanda, probably. Bucky, without a doubt. Usually, I'd go with Tony, but Tony loves you, so he's not on that list for once," Emma listed on her fingers, with Vision's arms still wrapped around her. "Sam, definitely, he's gonna be freaked out but then accept you but still be wary of you, and mom doesn't trust you and Pietro doesn't like you, and Bruce could use all the hugs he can get, so you're greenlighted there-"
"So what's on your mind?" she asked, looking up at him as she grabbed a chip from the red plastic bag. Bucky still wasn't entirely convinced that was actual chips, and they definitely couldn't be potatoes in any shape or form. The future held a lot of surprises, but the amount of bullshit and additives that went into food still blew his mind sometimes. 'Course, Stevie had pointed out that Bucky had smoked without giving it a second thought at one point. Tar in his lungs and lime green soda in his stomach were two different things though.
"We made him," Hank pointed out, eyebrows furrowing."Why would he have to determine his own gender?"
Bucky's eyes glowed, and his lips twitched into a smile.
"So, when are you guys leaving for the mission?" Bruce asked, finally deciding that the room was safe and folding the paper back up.
"Too old? You're neeever too old for Lego. Tony loves Lego, Bucky loves Lego, Kate loves Lego, and I love Lego, and you don't have to love Lego but I know you're going to, because I know you. Also, Legos are the
"That was a threat," Vision nodded, as if acknowledging that he understood. "Yes. All right."
"Oh. Have you been out in polite company with no pants today? Rauncy," she added, stepping further into the room and tossing her tablet on the couch. She stepped out of her sensible heels and let her hair out of it's clip, feeling like she was shedding skin like a snake.
"Do you love me?" he asked innocently. Bucky's initial thought was to say 'hell no' because he wasn't a sap who got attatched to stupid little kids. But this was Peter. Peter wasn't stupid. He was too smart for his own good, and as protected as one could be. It couldn't be too bad to say he loved him. Right?
"You don't think that's exactly what I want, Sharon, dear?" Clint asked, and she used the rubberband to snap him on the forehead this time. "Oow! Tasha, rescue me!"
"Is that so?" Coulson hummed. "How nice. What about Pietro?"
"Since when does walking-talking-microwave speak Sokovian?" Pietro asked, eyebrows raised in what Vision registered as surprise.
"That's good, that's good. Bruce is a little shaken up, but I think he got some sleep, at least. How did Nat do? I know she can have a hard time with it when someone's injured," he questioned.
Immediately, to appease his furry friend's demand, Bucky cooed at Victoria in Russian, his voice a little rumbly, but sounding loving and cherishing, and Darcy instinctively felt goosebumps all over her body.
"That sounds like a bad idea," Betty hedged.
Darcy laughed, and got a smile back for her troubles. Not a good day, but not a bad day either. She could handle that.
"During that time, I'm pretty sure Bucky's moving in on our floor, or Emma moving down to him and Darcy," Natasha said, directing that Bucky's way. He raised a spatula in agreement. "Right. The responsible adults are you, Darcy, and Coulson, who Emma can contact herself she wants to talk to us, or we'll contact Coulson to contact her."
"Oh geeze," Tony said to nobody in particular, but Dr. Cho looked up from where she was examining the synthetic material making up Vision's skin and their hand.
"I just-I don't want her to yell at me, okay? She's sort of scary," he said softly, with very little dignity, and Tony burst out laughing.
"If you consider my boobs a limb, fine." That made Damian's lips twitch like he was surpressing a smile, which Emma considered a win. She grinned at him. "Answer me."
"I'm glad we agree. Ugh, gross, you smell like a foot. I love you anyway, yes, yes, argh!" Emma laughed as Lucky tipped her over on her butt, still licking her in the face. The elevator slowed to a stop by the training rooms, and Emma was helped to her feet by Tony, before they exited the elevator. Lucky remained inside. "Good boy! Good boy."
"He's been good, right?" Steve asked as he pulled back.
Emma could barely hear anything other than that, and lifted her head slightly, peeking over the arm of the couch as the swoosh of a door opening filled her ears.
"Yeah, alright," she said, and kicked her feet under the table, only for her foot to bump into something. "What's that?"
"C'mon, let's go grab Peter and go to bed. Okay?" Steve said softly, turning Tony around and shooing him towards the doors.
Tony tried to grab her out of the air a couple of times, trying to rescue her and stand in the Hulk's way, but Emma was getting a workout she hadn't had since last time she tried to run away from someone, and wouldn't catch his hand. The adrenaline was pumping through her body, her powers making her otherwise shaky hands steady and helping her calculate her trajectory as she jumped away from yet another ruined wall.
"We both had too much discipline, now we give our daughter too little. Poetic justice," she hummed, and Clint laughed, his laughter rough with sleep. Emma had the sudden urge to drop down between her parents in their bed and sleep the day away.
Again to all my most patient, most wonderful readers: THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for being the best and the sweetest!!! The original story now has over a thousand kudos, which?? Me in 2015 is bawling her eyes out with gratitude and I'm over here absolutely mute with awe. You're wonderful. If any of you are still reading, I appreciate and love you, so much.
When she crawled into bed, Clint made a noise like a surprised cat, a sort of grumble, but Natasha wrapped her arms around his waist and he settled down again, comforted by her proximity and the reassuring feeling of her hand against his sternum.
Wanda thought, and then hopped onto Tony's desk chair.
"Not really. 'S not like I have a lot else going on. Darcy's busy today anyways, and Steve's obviously off to get some."
His shit was already packed, the duffle waiting in the guest room a level above them, and now that Peter's parents were back, Bucky didn't feel like he needed to stay acutely. Tony handed Peter off to Steve, deciding to deal with Darcy now as she explained whatever she needed help with, and Bucky was just about to slip away when he heard Peter making his distressed noise. It was amazing that the kid had so many distinguished noises.
"Shit, sorry! Fuck- I mean gosh!" Kate said, slapping a hand to her mouth.
"This is my study cape. It makes me feel less angry about studying when I can make it swoosh around my ankles." Wanda gave her a disbelieving look, but said nothing. She'd learned during her time at the tower that Emma had her eccentricities, and it was easier to just accept it than try to find out the logic behind her actions.
"Well, his deduction skills are good, the visual sensors are good, he's able to catch voice-cues... I mean, he's beautiful," said Hank, rubbing his head with a dazed look on his face.
"Right. I gotta get going, make sure you get some knives and the explosives into your heels," he supplied as he grabbed his shoes of her bedroom floor.
"I swear to god, this place gets weirder every single time I visit," Betty said, seemingly to herself.
"Nope. I didn't do anything the teachers told me to, I was building robots in class and being a general disturbance, along with ignoring learning how to write in cursive and not doing my reading. When they said I wasn't passing, my dad forced them to move me up two grades, and yeah, my grades went up, but I also got some serious beat-downs because I was a skinny, loudmouthed eight-year-old in a class of ten-year-olds. I remember Bruce telling me he only realized that he wasn't an idiot when he got a teacher that recognized that he was an auditive learner, and before that, his grades weren't amazing either."
"No," Pietro said, but Clint was skeptical.
Bucky grabbed a magnet, a bright blue circle, stupidly enough with his metal arm, and slid it down the fridge to Peter's grabby hands. Peter took the magnet, staring at it for a while, and when Bucky was just about to ask what was wrong with the damn magnet, the little kid slapped it onto Bucky's arm.
"Aw, papa bear," Kate mocked, and Clint took the yogurt out of her hands for that, much to her protests.
"Good. Now, you stay there, and I'll have your personal pet-butler come give you pancakes later. Alright?" Emma nodded, and Clint returned to the kitchen.
"Since Friday afternoon."
"Uh huh."
"Jarvis tells dada what to do," he said from the floor. Bucky swept the cupcakes to the side for some cooking space, carefully aligning them instead when Peter made a horrified noise.
"PJB?" Peter nodded. What Americans saw in peanutbutter and jelly combined on white bread, Bucky will never understand. He still retrieved both containers, handing one to Peter to get him to unclench his hand from his shirt, and because he only had one hand, what with holding the tiny person.
After the initial panic, he let Peter get settled, and was surprised to feel the little kid drag his metal arm into his tiny lap. He played with the fingers as he watched the movie, but at around seven thirty, Peter's eyelids started getting heavy, and he cuddled up a little more, attempting to use the crook of Bucky's metal arm as a pillow and his real arm as a blanket.
After the apple he was promised, Peter played with his toy cars and action figures on the living room floor, zooming in under the couch sometimes and behind it, making whooshing noises as he played. Bucky settled down in an armchair and kept reading the book, watching Peter as he went around.
"Functioning at full capacity," Vision replied, and it's voice was taking on a different tone now, again.
"... Strange but fair point," she said. "Even though toast doesn't qualify as lunch."
"God, please, no. It stresses me out thinking anybody has that much money."
Enjoy! <3
"Penthouse," he said.
After all, staring and processing was, as Miss Bishop had described it, 'crazy creepy' of them.
"Alright, fine. Do what your papa says, and what Uncle Buck says, yeah?" Peter smiled and nodded. "Good. Love you."
"Yes, Agent Barton, Sir has made sure Miss Emma's most frequently used jeans are trackable, for safety's sake," he agreed, sounding a little frostier than usual. Bruce raised a hand to back Jarvis up.
"Hamilton Princess & Beach Club is opening Bermuda's first casino. The wealthy British mobster who pushed for the casino to be added is called Angus Russell, and is the one inviting his mobster friends to celebrate. He's got his fingers in pretty much every pie; drug-smuggling, hits, large-scale robberies, child trafficking, pretty much enough to land him every life-sentence, if only someone could catch him. He's got contacts from all over the globe who offer him protection and help him stay under the radar. We need you to get concrete evidence on him, get into his inner circle."
"Everything, I guess. Just... Where we're going." He made a face. "God, doll, you're making me sound like a mushy rom com." Darcy smirked.
"The one and only."
"You hit me with a rubberband across the room, Barton, of course I'm gonna be mad about it!"
"I'd prefer that," he agreed.
"Well, then, that's cheating!" Emma proclaimed. "I win by proxy. Hah!"
Peter talked fast and loud enough that when the elevator bell dinged, it was soft enough to be drowned out by him. He still noticed though, and stopped mid-sentence to whip his head around to look excitedly at the opening doors.
Emma laughed and pecked him on the forehead before she slipped back into the changing room.
"Is he sentinent?" Clint asked, and Wanda's eyes flashed scarlet as she stared with big eyes at the android.
"However-" she said, and Bucky's head whipped up so fast that he was sure he was gonna get whiplash. Natasha gave him the kind of evil smirk that had him thanking God internally that he was her friend now and not her enemy. "I can come visit tomorrow. I bet Peter would like that."
They stayed silent, for a while, only Peter's car noises droning out the silence, until Peter piped up.
"Fine." He sank down to the floor, with his eyes trained on the doorway and back to the tv. It was pure instinct, and he couldn't help but feel a little pissed at himself for it. Even though he was pretty sure nobody would try to get them, old habits die hard.
"Are the socks really worth beating him up for?"
"Almost," Bucky promised. "Want to get a dog?"
She brought her fingertips to her chest and rubbed in a circle, in a please. "I know, but I wanna hang out with him more! And I wanna pet his dog!"
have we said about sexist jokes like that?"
"Which means I do too."
"I'm sure. I don't think Emma's gonna accept any apology though, because she doesn't think there's anything to apologize for, but y'know, he can always try," Clint sighed.
From the slightly stunned look on her face, Natasha really hadn't been expecting that. Clint cherished in the look on her face as she curled her hand into Emma's hair, and asked what show the younger redhead was watching.
"What?" Natasha said, raising an eyebrow at him skeptically. Clint blinked.
. It must've been a mighty desperate kid."
"Want ice cream?" Bucky asked as she hopped on the bike, waving at the twig on the sidewalk. The Wayne kid was holding onto a huge bag from a toy store, and looking decidedly displeased, but once they'd stared at each other for about a minute, Bucky decided he had better things to do than get into a staring contest with a teenager.
He handed Peter two of the cupcakes with Natasha's seal on them, but skipped the arc reactor one. It was basically a sugarbomb, and Bucky knew enough about kids to know that they practically climbed walls after having too much sugar. He wasn't plucking Pete off the ceiling, that's for fucking sure.
Of the two, Natasha was better at patching people up, but she still wasn't a medic. She did what she could with the wounds to Emma's shoulders and back, but once she came to the rebar, she hesitated.
"I believe it's the more elusive mahogany-red," Vision said in their now smooth and melodious voice. Emma quite liked that voice.
Bucky pulled a cucumber out of the fridge, still in his jacket, and chopped some slices up. Emma stole one from the counter, and Bucky swatted her off with his metal hand warningly.
," Natasha said in Russian with a tut, and pressed a kiss to Emma's forehead. "Fine. It's a deal."
"Nice touch by Janet, I'll admit," Tony said distantly as he looked Vision up and down. "Very nice."
Clint stacked three pancakes on a platter and handed them to Bucky, who took them out to Emma, before he began making more for the rest of the people sitting by the kitchen table. By the time Steve came into the kitchen, everyone had at least had one pancake. Clint was helping Peter not choke on his own pancake, but the moment the doors opened to reveal Steve, he got up to make more. Damn super-soldiers and demigods and their metabolisms.
Tony and Steve, by the way?"
"Can't be worse than getting bow-burns, jackass," Sharon said cheerfully. "I can't wait for someone to boot your ass out of here."
He wasn't
Suddenly, Vision blinked rapidly, and shook their head. There was a speed-up in the numbers on Tony's screen.
Once out of the office, Clint pulled his phone out of his pocket, and frowned at it.
"Elevators don't excercise you, doll!" came Bucky's call from the living room, and she smirked at the sound of his voice.
"Now, yeah, sure. But what about in two years? Five? Seven?" Bucky replied desperately.
Clint sighed deeply. "Tasha, what do we think of our daughter disobeying our parent-orders again?"
Lucky licked her in the face.
"Master Peter does not know how to tell time yet, Sergeant," Jarvis said, and Bucky narrowed his eyes toward the ceiling.
"He sure does," Emma agreed, only jumping slightly, and let Wanda join her in the elevator.
"Peter. Let me in," he said, louder this time. Then he remembered a trick Pepper used on Stark all the time. "I'm giving you to the count of three to let me in," he said, trying his best to sound stern and not pissed off. "One." There was some scrambling behind the door. "Two. Th-"
"Thought we'd check out Vision's... Other abilities now that you're here," Tony said, giving Bruce a side-eye, and Bruce's eyes widened a little behind his glasses.
"Hey babe," Darcy said, shooting him an innocent smile. Bucky rolled his eyes fondly, but hitched Emma up higher. "Hey sugarbabe. How's the leg doing?"
"Go with your sisters, go, get out of here," he sighed loudly. "Don't be a drama queen, and grab a jacket on your way out. No taking one of the cars that lets the top down! If any of you get a cold, it's your own fault, and I'm not going to run around cooking hot chicken noodle soup!"
"We were thinking Russia."
"Don't talk with food in your mouth, come on," Bucky said, and noticed how his Brooklyn lilt got just that much stronger when he gave Peter a reprimanding look. Peter pouted a little and swallowed before he apologized. "Good hot dogs?"
"Dada!" Yup. This cheered Peter up big time. Bucky counted it as a win when Steve smiled at him from the other side of the screen.
"What? Seriously? You're so high tech, I might just get you a
All the other Wayne boys have a Wayne-smile, the public smile, just like Tony does, but Damian doesn't. She hadn't actually considered why they have that until she's in the middle of a situation where it would be great if he actually had a smile he could plaster on to please the press.
"Did'ya pack yet?" Bucky asked as he patted Peter's back, silently asking to be let go.
"Right," he said, but he sounded too sarcastic for Emma's liking, so she dashed forward to give him a kiss on the cheek before she tugged Bucky into the elevator with her.
"Tea, toast," Bruce sighed.
"Yup. I needed to talk to Tony actually, need some help with some college sh- stuff," Darcy replied. "You didn't tell me Anakin had gone good side."
"So? We live in the Avengers tower. We don't pay for nothin' at all," he shot back. Darcy rubbed the back of her neck, trying to stretch the tendons out so they'd stop aching.
"And you are..." she asked.
"But papa and dada are coming home, right?" Peter gave him a look of pure fear.
While Natasha now looked calm to the majority of people with eyes, Clint knew his partner well enough to know she was vibrating with tension.
Instead, when he tried to run, Emma grabbed him and slammed him down onto the kitchen floor with a thud and yelled "Tell me where my cat socks are or you have less than ten seconds to live!"
"Hulk, buddy, I'm gonna need to you stay away from the little girl," came Iron Man's slightly flitered voice as Vision tried to float above Hulk and grab Emma without anybody getting hurt. Hulk swatted them out of the sky like they were a particularly annoying fly, sending the android flying into the wall on the other side of the room.
Damian shrugged, and looked away. "Not really."
-sentient. She means, like, AI-sentient," Tony clarified. Wanda and Vision locked eyes, and she let out a breath.
"Sir took one of the suits down to a sub-level basement to check on some readings on the arc reactor that's powering the tower," Jarvis replied. "Sir is deeply in his thoughts, and has 'tuned out', so to speak. I'll have him come up as soon as he's come back to his senses."
"I can draw!" Peter nodded happily, and dashed over to the kitchen table, scrambling up on a chair. Glad to have him occupied, Bucky started fixing dinner for them.
Again, sorry! Christ, I thought I had this all hashed out but I had one bump that I just couldn't overcome for some goddamn reason. Thank you for checking up on me and for being patient! You're all stars, but especially those who keep asking for updates because along with your love it motivates me. Sorry if there's a lot of nothing happening in this chapter, I'm just reacquainting myself...
"Stevie?" There's a smile on her face that makes his stomach do funny things.
"Sup, man? Dealing with Peter okay?" he asked, and eyed the pancake that was currently in the pan hungrily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Damian pursed his lips at her when she beamed and dumped the candies in his palm. As thanks, she kissed his cheek, and he tutted at her but ate the candy anyway.
Bucky thought about that, and pressed his lips together. "We need to talk about the future."
"Uh-oh," Emma said almost to herself, and Tony let out an incredulous shout as he shoved Bruce out of the way of the laser beam.
"Again, what am I, your driver?" Bucky asked when she bounced around his and Darcy's aparment, waiting for him to get ready and drive her there.
"Peggy fucking Carter," Bucky said firmly, and Steve lit up with a sort of sad smile.
Clint had been right. While Layla was out with them, she was using the two of them as an excuse to be out as much as they were using her. Aaron found them quickly at the mall and whisked her away, leaving Emma and Damian alone.
"Well, nothing, I suppose. Or take care of kids. Or pay someone to take care of the kids? I don't actually remember a lot from the Real Housewives I've seen," Emma said, wrinkling her nose as Bucky nudged her into the elevator and pressed the button for the common room floor, so he could get the keys to his bike. "Jarvis, what's the actual definition of a trophy husband?"
"We'll give Clint a dye-job and a haircut, and trust the magic of makeup on Natasha's part then. The party doesn't start until Wednesday, so you have four days to study the file and come back to me with any issues."
"Yeah. That too," he said, surprising even himself with how soft his words were, and had the urge to ruffle Peter's hair. He didn't, but still got a huge grin and Peter throwing himself around his neck. Bucky was stunned for a full two seconds, and it was hard surprising the Winter Soldier. Then again.
"I suggest spaghetti and tomato sauce would not be above your abilities, Sergeant."
"Jarvis, where's Tony?" Emma said thoughtfully as she chewed on her pencil, staring at her science notes. She'd been studying practically the entire weekend, trying to get ready for a test the following Wednesday. It's not that she didn't remember stuff, her memory was startlingly firm on some points. It was just that she didn't understand everything, like what the hell Amperes were, and why Volts were a thing. Bruce was at a conference, so she only had one genius to talk to, and sadly enough the less patient one.
"She really hit it out of the park with the design," Dr. Cho agreed. "Vision? What color is this?" She held up a color swatch that looked red to Emma.
"'S not so bad. You can pull it off, babe," she snickered. "You want to know where we're going? Okay, um. Well, I thought we'd stay together for a couple years more, at least, if that sounds good to you?"
"I like the added cape," Bruce said. "Could you stand up for me, buddy?"
"Nah, I know it. She already complains that Lucky loves me more than her, me out-hotting her would be the last straw."
"There's this girl who keeps making snide comments about Bruce and the Hulk, and I'm ready to sock her in the jaw, one-two," she grunted, demonstrating two swings in the air as she walked on bare feet towards him.
"Come on, возлюбленная, you see our point. Would you let us go into the world less than twelve hours after we'd come back from a dangerous misison where we got very hurt?"
"It's not?" Bucky asked, looking down at the cupcake bathing in blue frosting. It looked almost like the arc reactor, even having some of the edible glitter he didn't want to know why Stark owned, on it to make it look glowing. "It looks good to me."
"Good morning. Want to take a ride on the bike later?"
"Three and a half, and Bucky picks me up when I'm out of time," she offered.
," she threatened in Russian, and Bucky gave her a sweet smile as Clint grabbed a plate with a shit-eating grin and joined him back by the stove.
She was wearing a white bathrobe with green, pink, orange, and blue polka-dots, and looked surprisingly professional for being snatched out of bed in the middle of the night.
"Hmm," Damian mumbled, not entirely agreeing but not denying it either.
Bucky gave Darcy another glance. Well. Maybe some day.
It was Steve calling.
Steve nodded.
"Apple too?"
"Put Darcy in the tablet!" Peter exclaimed, scrambling to get it from the couch, and Jarvis did as told. Darcy smiled on the screen, and Peter raised his arms to be held. Bucky surrendered. Again. With Peter safe on his hip, he walked into the kitchen, listened distantly to Peter chatting away at Darcy, who talked just as much back. When Peter was safe on the kitchen island, he concidered his options.
"Barton," Damian said, sighing as he slung an arm around her. "Are you aware of how many zeroes are in a billion?"
She got her own plate, and so did Bucky and Betty, and they sat down to eat. They chit-chatted about Betty's book and Bruce's experiments and Emma's schoolwork for a while, until Steve returned and piled his own plate high. Making food for so many people was best done in rounds, so when Bucky finished eating, he stood up to make the next batch of food.
"Let's investigate," Emma said, crawling under the table to follow the cables around a corner.
Yikes. Someone doesn't like the Avengers."
"It was me. I had some spectacular ones I knew he'd appreciate," she said, and Darcy laughed.
"I'm good. More concerned for this one," he said, nodding towards Emma, who rolled her eyes at him.
"I'll have you know I have several more doctorates than you," he pointed out.
"Yeah, and my ma raised me to feel guilty for mooching off of other people,"
"When are we leaving? I'd like to spend some quality time between your legs before we do."
They had some popcorn and watched a bright cartoon, Bucky with the tablet containing Darcy in his lap. She was wearing a burgundy tee, her tongue poking out of her red lips. She was writing something, probably whatever she'd wanted to talk to Tony about, and the crease in her brows really made her look clever. She was a real spitfire, actually, from what he'd gathered. He liked Darcy.
"Meanies don't get yogurt, isn't that right Peter?" he said, holding the yogurt away from her.
Natasha pressed her lips together in displeasure. They had discussed that Emma's healing powers were unpredictable, but Helen had said she seemed like she was doing fine, and if Emma was really hurt she'd probably be moaning about it rather than insisting she was feeling fine. Bucky would also protest way more to her going out with friends if he didn't think she knew what she was doing.
"I won't be able to skip out of here until tomorrow. I still have a presentation later today, and I can't get out of London until then."
"Well, you tend to get protective of your projects," Bruce said distantly, putting his glasses on as he stared at the screen thoughtfully.
"How're we doing?" she crooned gently, and Bruce braced his one hand behind her, half-way sitting up.
"C'mon, c'mon," she said, and saw the glass crack underneath her fingers just in time for the bot's eyes to snap open, and then there was a sudden burst of light and Wanda screamed, loud enough that it sounded like a siren, clutching her head.
"What? But I just got home," he whined and burrowed further into her hair, his hand seeking hers. "I thought we were gonna stay in and watch those old movies you like and eat pizza."
"You haven't played with Lego before? Oh we're getting this," she declared, pulling the Avengers-box off the shelf and shoving it into Damian's arms. He grunted and turned his signature scowl on her.
As soon as Victoria spotted Clint, she meowed and jumped onto his legs, claws out, giving him a look like he better save her from the goddamn dog or she was going to flip her shit.
"I can't believe we didn't give him a proper immune-system!" Hank exclaimed as Helen found the virus and dispatched it. Vision's eyes opened again, and their eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
"Wanna have cupcakes?" Bucky asked, and Peter nodded furiously. "What shape?"
"Well, then it was just me and Bruce. I got Pym and Cho involved this time. And Janet for the general shape and size of him, which is why our buddy here looks like an actual GQ-model. According to her, my Iron Man suits are too 'blocky'. Which is obviously a lie, because they're awesome." Tony pulled the cord out of Vision's shoulder and smiled at the android. "Welcome to the world, Vision. Jay, help connect him to the internet."
"How ya doin' Sharon?" he smiled innocently at her, and Sharon used the rubberband stretched between her pointer finger and thumb to give him a sharp snap on the inside of his arm, like they were schoolchildren. Natasha restrained her snicker, and turned it into a huff, smiling at the impatient Sharon.
Steve and Tony got a hold of him. And Bruce. He didn't even want to think about his poor corpse in the hands of a grieving Bruce.
"Please dear god, take Bucky running. He goddamn needs it," Darcy exclaimed, forcing herself upright from where she'd been leaning on Thor. "He's going to be restless all day otherwise. Take him, I
"Give me a list of ten people you actually can stand to spend time with without feeling like you're gonna have to kill them to get peace of mind," she grinned, putting her hands on her hips. Damian pressed his lips together and narrowed his eyes. She gave him a whole minute and when he was still making that face she waved a hand around. "See? I cherish you very much, babe, but the key to a successful relationship is according to Darcy being able to handle all sorts of situations together without collapsing, and being out in public is a Situation."
"That you better be resting," Clint said promptly, and dropped Victoria in her lap. Immediately the cat, who had been scratching at Clint to be let down, settled down and blinked at Emma slowly.
"Adult concerns?" Darcy asked, wrinkling her nose. Bucky chuckled, pressing a quick kiss to her nose.
, and suddenly you were being told by a SHIELD shrink with a nasal voice that you should start having regular appointments again.
"Toasty, in comparison to New York," Clint said with a wiggle of his eyebrows, and opened the file between them. "Undercover?"
"You're worse than Grayson in the cereal aisle," Damian complained, but his eyes shone with nothing but patient adoration, and Emma reveled in it, laughing and smooching his cheek whenever she wasn't busy picking up the next cool thing she laid her eyes on.
"Okay, mom," Emma agreed, a beaming smile on her face. "Thank you!"
"No, shh," Emma said, firmly pushing him down into his chair again. "Have you had anything to eat today?"
"Bucky?" she tried again, and he nodded.
"Yeah, sure, of course," Tony said, drumming his fingers against the glass protecting the arc reactor distantly. "Jarvis?"
"Emma?" he asked a little groggily.
ambiguous on if Vision's a dude," Emma relayed, and Bucky huffed.
"I don't trust your science," Pietro said sharply, and took off in a burst of speed.
"Too late for that," she said, mostly to herself, as the Hulk turned back around, and shiny green eyes met hers. The alarm went off, but not the one Emma was used to, the Avengers Assemble alarm. This was something else, something different.
"Watch me," he said, and Natasha rolled her eyes, but decided to amuse him, and leaned back in her chair. Clint took a rubberband, wrapped it around his finger with his hand in the shape of a fingergun, and pointed it into the air, squinting a little.
"Play nice," Tony said, nudging her shoulder. "New kid's not going anywhere, you'll be able to bully Vision later about your superior skills at color-naming."
"I- Look, Natasha," Steve began as he turned to face Natasha and Helen, with the same sincere tone he'd used before he'd approached Clint in the elevator. He didn't get any further before he was stopped.
"Your man calls," Bucky said very sarcastically, and Steve's ruffled hair appeared above the counter, his face still a little flushed.
"Were they now?" he said, raising his eyebrows at his tiny accomplice. Peter nodded seriously with toast in his mouth, and Bucky hummed. "Can't say I didn't see that coming. Was it gross?" Peter made a little 'euw' noise through his food to confirm, and Bucky smiled as he sipped his coffee.
"Tony! Just the guy I was looking for," she said with a grin. "You little minx." Tony grinned and winked at her, and Bucky rolled his eyes.
"Maybe I'm not making you unhappy now, but I know how built-up resentment works, trust me. I don't want that for us."
He'd taken a shower at around three am, and shaved his face, tied his hair back. There was a thrumming ache behind his temples, and he couldn't wait for this day to be closer to over so that he could run around his block until it stopped feeling like his lungs were shrinking in his chest.
As Emma launched into explaining the backstory behind the show (Merlin this time, something new and historical and magical, in Emma's opinion), Clint walked back around the couch. He dropped a kiss on the top of Natasha's head, his heart fluttering ridiculously when Natasha tipped her head back for a real kiss.
"Oh, I like her," Helen said with a grin. "She reminds me a lot of her parents."
"I know, baby, we miss you too," he replied gently, and Tony sat up next to him, rubbing his tired eyes. He also lit up when he saw Peter.
"Cradle? That's what they're calling it?" she asked as she twisted a dial, making the box start humming loudly. Wanda gasped, and Emma shot her a look. "What?"
"Yeah. I'd like us to hash it out a bit now."
"You'll see, I guess. And me too," Bruce sighed, tilting his head every-which way to stretch his neck-muscles out. Tony patted him on the back.
He tipped his head back against the wall of the elevator, closing his eyes tiredly and considering sliding into a pile on the floor. Jarvis knew where he was going, and if someone was in the kitchen, they'd probably just drag him out on the floor of the common room, check to see if he was alive, and then leave him be. That sounded nice. A nap sounded real nice right about now, actually.
"Alright kiddo, I think it's time we got you into bed," he said quietly, getting a displeased squint from the heap of tiny limbs in his lap. "Come on. Up you go."
There was a noise from the living room, and Bruce stood up to go fetch Peter from his nap. Once he was back in the kitchen, they pulled his crayons out and sat him down with some paper while Bucky fixed him up with an apple. They turned the conversation to something nicer, with Peter talking about the zoo trip his parents had promised and the adults making the appropriate oohs and aahs about Peter's pictures of various animals.
"Not that I know of. Darcy's job is good with the Avengers, so they like that. Her mom's nice, and her brothers and sisters don't seem to hate me or anything. Her brother has kids, like... Real kids."
With a minor flick of his finger, the rubberband disappeared into the large office-area the field agents shared when they weren't out on a mission and had to do paperwork. When Natasha raised an unimpressed eyebrow at him, Clint held a finger up in the universal "wait for it" gesture.
"Maybe. Where's Bucky?" Emma mumbled, as Clint carefully tucked a strand of hair back behind her ear, careful not to disturb her head injury.
"Well, we don't all work the same. Wanna know something?" he asked, spinning around in his chair again to look at her. Emma nodded. "I technically flunked third grade."
She saw just as Steve Rogers stepped into the room, in only shorts, a tank top, and with his shield on one arm. His hair was tousled, and the moment he and Tony met eyes, they hurried towards each other, grabbing each other's free arms and tugging each other in.
there and let us dote on you as much as we want!" Clint demanded. Emma rolled her eyes as well, in perfect imitation of Bucky.
"It was a joke, but alright. Tony is looking for you. Maybe go to the workshop before he tries to make a Vision-sized magnet."
"Nat," Clint said lowly as he saw her eyes narrow just the slightest, trying to stop her and simultaneously not. Maybe just warning her that whatever she was about to do wasn't the greatest plan. Natasha stepped towards the billionaire, and Steve shot his shield out in front of Tony just in time to catch Natasha's fist against it.
He poked Peter up the stairs to the bathroom, helping him haul a sleeping shirt over his head and brush his teeth. When Peter was finally settled in his bed, Bucky sighed, running a hand over his face.
"Yeah," Bucky replied, his voice detatched. He didn't like to reminiscence anymore on that subject.
"Thanks," Emma beamed, putting her socks on. Pietro nodded once, and then he disappeared again.
"A-meano- acid!" she crowed from where she was swinging in the still-rings. The Hulk batted after her, like a cat with a string would, just as Iron Man and Vision appeared in air above the alcove.
cook. Peter crawled up on the counter of the kitchen island and ate up there, because frankly, why the fuck not, and talked aimlessly about this kid named Wade that's really nice to him but really mean to other kids. Bad dad, sick mom, but he's really nice to Peter for some reason.
"Heh. I know," Tony smirked, but then tapped on his Starktab distractedly. "I can't believe it worked. Why'd Cho say it wouldn't?"
When they finally finished making their cupcakes, it was getting dark outside. Bucky had never been alone with a small child for this long. No one trusted him to handle it, since kids usually threw screaming fits and they thought Bucky would shoot them for being annoying. Shoot a guy in the leg for being annoying
"It's an expression, he knows you can use your thumbs," Emma explained, and Vision made an 'oh' sound of recognition.
"You're right," Bucky agreed, without looking up from the pan. Clint got up and grabbed some of the food. "Bishop, Wilson, get your asses in gear and chop me some vegetables. Put the goddamn smoothie down, what is this, a café?"
"Sure," Natasha replied, as the doors opened to show their floor. The two redheads stepped off. "Tell Winter to bring his own sheets."
"He's not here, Jarvis," Emma pointed out.
"AJ is sorta cute, y'know? I guess Peter's made me pretty amenable to kids, and Emma too. Maybe one day I'll be able to... To go through that. Either way, I can't have kids."
Emma laughed, muffled by her fingers. "Wolves."
Clint's lips twitched into a reluctant smile. "Look, sweetheart, you know we want you here to rest for your own good. Think about your leg."
"Hi," Bucky replied.
Bucky woke up with a sharp breath, and sat up in the bed, fingers twisted in the covers. His teeth were still gritting, and he took a few deep breaths, prior to forcibly uncurling his hands from the sheets. So, nothing bad tonight. At least not the really bad stuff. Swell. He'd gotten at least four hours of sleep, which felt like a first. He couldn't recall the last time he'd slept in more than two hour intervalls.
"Doting cat-dad Bucky. Cute," she smiled, and Bucky picked Victoria up like one would lift a baby, getting bumped in the face by her wet little pink nose.
"Yeah. Speaking of, twitchy day?" she asked gently, and Bucky shrugged.
"I do," Damian said, a light flush high on his cheekbones. "I just... Like it better when we're not around people."
"I got you," Tony said, waving at Jarvis. "Pep will fix it."
"You want me to die of an infection in my leg just so I'll stop beating you up for taking my socks? You absolute shithead!" Emma squealed, and Natasha pinned Pietro with a look. Natasha was generally pretty intimidating, but when she really did it on purpose, put some effort into it, the effect was startlingly horrifying and imposing.
"Anything else?"
They hugged for a while, and Steve took a deep breath.
"Dollar in the swear jar," Peter said strictly, tilting his head up just enough to show the stubbornness that proved he really was Tony's kid after all.
"Not a great idea," Bruce said from where he was wrapped up in Clint's arms and his slightly too-big hoodie. "It's on the outside of your thigh, but that doesn't mean it won't make you bleed like crazy still, and y'know, nerve damage happens easily when you're not careful."
"I'm smart because I have good genes and started inventing early," Tony shrugged, turning to a wall-panel. He pressed a few buttons, and the sparring mats flipped themselves over, showing unforgiving metal, and indestructable force-field shields sizzled between a couple of pins before turning entirely clear. The only clue that they were there was the occasional wiggle of the air, like when it was blaringly hot outside and the asphalt looked like it was being cooked.
Helen snorted, and Emma grinned at him as Helen bent her knee and touched and prodded.
Sorry for another long, long wait.
"What happened?" Darcy asked, and Bucky turned the screen wordlessly. A soft 'oh' escaped the mic.
"We'll see. Not if we have any say in it. If she does become a superhero, I think she'll finally manage to do what no one else in the world has done."
Before Steve could recover, she was gone.
"Are you leaving?" Peter asked, tiny face scrunched up in confusion.
"That far, huh?" Emma mused. "Well, I don't see you itching much at all about anything but Darcy nowadays. I know you've met the rest of her family and it wasn't that awful. Are they pressuring you guys or something?"
Exasperatedly, he stepped into the elevator and hit the button for the common floor. Natasha wasn't easy to anger or get on edge, but once she was there, you might as well just ride it out. As someone who'd had Natasha be pretty mad at him a handful of times in their long partnership, Clint was extremly aware of that. The other Avengers, well, maybe not so much. He would warn them, but honestly, Natasha could use the cathartic experience of igniting fear in mens' hearts or whatever. She could enjoy that sometimes.
"She's healing. She's already trying to get up and walk, so y'know, she's got about her normal level of patience," he replied with a shrug as Victoria settled into his arms like a giant baby, purring contentedly as she side-eyed Lucky, who had sat down in front of Clint like the good boy he was.
?" Darcy questioned in disbelief. Tony making many human-looking robots was not good for her sanity and having to explain it to the press. As their current PR-advisor and the only one who managed to handle the Avengers gracefully, the amount of shit she'd have to deal with would be enormous if he made plural, many fucking robots.
There were curves rising and falling, a couple of numbers staying pretty much the same, and a few blue lines that looked like static on a graph that just kept going.
"Did it occur to you that maybe I'm not as available as you are?" Natasha asked in a distracted manner as she pulled a deep red, Jessica Rabbit-esque dress out of the closet and held it to her chest as she looked in the mirror. He ripped the black dress from his face, throwing it onto the couch effortlessly.
"Hey Bruce, you got a break right now?" Emma asked. He smiled at her.
"Dada always cuddles me when he reads," Peter informed him, only the top half of his face sticking up from underneath the blanket. Bucky chuckled quietly.
"Dames, Damian, hey, maybe slow down, Mr. Rocket-rollerblades," Emma exclaimed, yelping when she put too much weight on her still apparently not entirely healed leg, and her thigh muscles screamed in agony. She dropped Damian's hand and nearly collapsed on the spot. Luckily, he was quick on the uptake, and caught her.
"It's funny because I'm damn sure Stark's made a metal dick at point," he grinned wolfishly, and Emma smiled back in response, not really knowing why but very happy that she'd managed to make Bucky smile like that.
"Level three, only, actually," Coulson stated. When he saw the looks on their faces, he shrugged. "You said it yourself, you haven't been out in a while. How does a few days in Bermuda sound?"
"Yeah. Bruce will undoubtedly want to apologize."
"Good morning, archer. Asleep, I believe. How is our little warrior?" Thor asked back, frowning worriedly.
"Attaboy," Emma praised, and looked over at Steve, still on the mats. "You okay, Cap?"
Emma grinned as she pulled the zipper down and shimmied out of the dress. She tried on a few shirts and a skirt with flowers printed on it. Finally, she bought the skirt, and a shirt with stars all over it. The dress was put back on its rack, even if Damian looked at it with a scheming look on his face.
"Because you literally throw yourself in front of danger! We have all the right, sweetheart, I have
"It fit him better when he was small and scrawny."
"Jarvis, cut Vis off from the internet fully, before they catch another cold," Tony muttered, watching the output that had come out as Vision tried to fight the virus off.
"Oh my god, oh my god, I hurt you! I hurt you," Bruce gasped, his hands immediately going for her head and her shoulders. Emma batted his hands off.
"It's working, isn't it?" Clint pointed out, nodding towards where Emma had Pietro pinned to the floor, whilst Pietro struggled fruitlessly against her hold.
"Dr. Cho, thank you for rushing over here in the middle of the night," Steve said as soon as Tony had filled him in, stepping around his husband to face her.
Thank you so much for your amazing support, you're the best!!!
"Jay, show me the readouts?" Bruce said, still looking a little awed. "Tony, have you called Hank and Helen?"
"Are you hungry, Pete?" Peter nodded and was sat down on the floor, but he immediately scrambled over to the stepping stool, getting up on the counter. Steve didn't mention it, but from the surprised look, it wasn't something he'd seen Peter do before. Alright, Bucky was now apparently leaving his damn
"It was huge! And it has a helicopter I'm pretty sure. Don't know if they still sell it though." Her eyes scanned the shelves further. "Holy crap, is that an Avengers Lego set?" Emma squealed, and Damian raised an eyebrow at her.
"Oh my god, look at these gel pens! I always wanted these when I was younger," Emma grinned, picking a pencil case up. "Oh my god, look at that cute Barbie! She doesn't have her usual weird body shape that's seventy percent leg!"
"Very pretty," Emma agreed. Vision stared at the cape around Emma's shoulders, and suddenly a yellow cape materialized around his own shoulders. "Hey, dude, cool cape."
"Phase?" Bucky asked, even though he probably wasn't allowed to know. Need to know basis, really.
"Yeah! Uncle Clint let me try shooting with arrows! But then Aunt Tasha caught us and she was mad," he replied happily, glad to just cling to him as he prepared toast for him one handedly. His metal arm was impressive in how much it was like a real hand, but buttons and cufflinks were still a challenge, as was pressing tiny buttons on a toaster.
"I would advise you to stay away, Miss Emma, Miss Maximoff," Jarvis warned.
"Yeah," she said softly. "I just... Her healing powers are unreliable. She shouldn't toss herself like a sacrifical lamb in front of the Hulk just because she thinks she'll heal. That's a destructive tendency I don't want her to pick up from us."
"I'd say that's a good plan," Emma agreed as the android looked down at it's feet and hands with a concentrated look on it's face.
"Yeah, alright. I get that too," he agreed. "What do you want for us to do?"
"He looks at what Emma does when she's studying now, tosses his hands in the air, and curses in Sokovian. I don't think he's quite ready yet," Natasha said.
', and Natasha's lips quirked in response.
"Don't think you should." Natasha blinked at him in surprise. He shrugged again. "No, I'm serious. Tony should know better than to let Bruce do anything even vaguely strenuous when he's had a long day and barely any sleep. And yeah, Tony and Steve would definitely be equally pissed. Maybe they wouldn't beat us up, because Steve's not too big on punching teammates, but y'know, they'd be so, so angry."
"No."
"Jesus, you should be happy I'm very confident in my marriage," Tony said, but there was a struck look in his eyes. "Where are you guys going?"
"Thanks. Be home soon," she smiled.
"Peachy keen," she promised, dashing forward to wrap her arms around him. "Look, dude, I knew what I was doing. I'm alright, you're alright, nobody's hurt. I think it was actually a pretty successful attempt at calming the Hulk down."
"'S that such a good idea?" he asked as Natasha ran her hand through his hair, turning around in his embrace.
"Well what a dilemma. Jay, can you drop Lucky off on the common floor for me?" she asked the ceiling.
"Keep the bed warm for me?" she asked, and recived a warm smile from Clint. He scratched at his scruffy chin, and Natasha signed "
"Well, it's too late to do anything anyway, Bucky's on his way there already. We did set a time," Clint reminded Emma.
"You sound like what Steve would sound like if he could get sloppy-drunk and stupid-high at the same time," Natasha told him in no uncertain words, and Clint's jaw dropped in offense.
As they spoke, the growl in Bruce's throat turned into more of a roar, and there was the sound of fabric tearing as his shoulders broadened with a sickening crack, his whole body expanding and turning greener and greener.
"What's his name?" Bucky asked suspiciously, crossing his arms and leaning back on the couch-armrest. The android blinked it's creepy-looking eyes, and Natasha stared at it thoughtfully.
"Don't remind me," he muttered, and they pulled out of the garage with Emma's gleeful giggles echoing off the walls.
"Well, Pete, buddy, dada and papa will be home tomorrow. Think you can sit tight and have fun with Uncle Buck till we get home?" Tony asked, his eyebrows raised. Peter nodded confidently, and Bucky felt a sting of something foreign when he did that. How was he so sure? Bucky wasn't even that sure. "Okay. Have fun kiddo." He glanced over at Bucky. "You too."
Hank opened his mouth, and Emma held a hand up.
With the help of Jarvis and some online recipies, they managed to make blueberry pancakes without breaking the kitchen, because Bucky is a
"Hey Buck!" he said and came up to give him a pat on the back that would have a normal man stumbling with the force of it. Stevie really just doesn't know his own strength. Or knew it well, and knew that Bucky could handle it.
He dutifully texted Steve, telling him that Peter was asleep, and texted Natasha that both of them were alive, and then he went to twist and turn in his bed until it was time for Peter to wake up.
"Yeah, see, not so much on you. Just the healing part," Clint pointed out as the doors closed, and Pietro's foot began tapping rapidly against the floor.
"What did Cap say?" Emma questioned curiously.
Emma laughed. "Generally, kids are pretty real, yeah. Are they nice?"
"I know how the Hulk can get when you can't control the change. Okay? I don't blame you," he said, and he did mean it. Clint realized rationally that Bruce had less control over the Hulk's actions when he hadn't controlled the change, knew that Bruce couldn't just snap out of it. That wasn't how things worked. Didn't mean Clint wasn't mad. He was angry his kid was hurt, he was angry Tony had even let her stay in the room, was angry Bruce hadn't gone straight to bed when he got home, was angry Emma was even out of bed. Angry, angry, angry, but that wouldn't change anything right now. "I don't blame you. Lie down here, Tasha's coming with some provisions."
"Oh, hey Lucky! Is Kate still here?" Emma asked in surprise, sitting down on the floor and pulling Peter into her lap. Lucky procceded to lick her and then Peter in the face, making the toddler giggle. "Pet nicely, sweetheart."
"Hi Pietro. Sleep well?" Clint asked.
When Helen and Natasha stepped out, he brightened. Natasha was his favorite aunt, though Darcy could give her a run for her money some days. Helen was wearing the same polka-dot bathrobe she'd arrived in, but now her hair was a little more smoothed out. Natasha looked freshly showered, wearing a black t-shirt and yogapants, along with a fairly murderous glare that Peter didn't even seem to notice.
"Honestly, I'm- I'm just. Wow. I've outdone myself this time. This is..." Tony cut himself off, seemed to have trouble completing a whole sentence, and shot off a blinding, real grin. "Wow. Call Pym, Cho, and Bruce, Jarvis. How're we holding up?"
"Hell yeah," Stark replied with a sly grin. "Though we miss our little Peter Pan."
"Where did you get that?" she asked instead of answering, pointing to the yellow crystal on the android's forehead.
"Thanks," Bucky said. "Having fun?"
"Then trust me when I say love conquers all, and that you'll have kids if you want them," she declared.
"And what's that?" Emma asked.
"They made a person. Emma named them Vision," Bucky replied, not looking up at her. Instead, he kept petting Victoria, the large white cat who was ridiculously stupid and prissy. Only Bucky, Natasha, and Emma were allowed to pet her, along with possibly Clint, if he was careful. She shed on everything, and was
"No, don't encourage me. I'll accidentally do it, and then I'll get fired, and then we'll have no income anymore," she pointed out.
"Yeah. Sure. Don't ever expect me to goddamn do it again," she yawned, and Natasha smirked at her.
"Hi Auntie Tasha!" he squealed, hopping into her arms. Natasha caught him easily, and hefted him up on her hip. While she might be mad at his parents, she wasn't going to take it out on the toddler.
Emma pulled Peter and Lucky out of the way, and Kate walked over them and towards the freezer to grab some leftovers, probably.
"Steve!" Tony gasped. "Hey, hey babe, you okay?"
"Guadalajara?" she reminded him, and Clint scratched behind his ear thoughtfully, his fingertips pressing his hearing aid further into his ear instinctively. Natasha had nagged him to take them to Tony and have them fixed so they wouldn't keep coming loose if it bothered him, but he had waved her off, saying it was nothing.
"Hey, Jay, if I die, tell Bucky I love him," Emma slurred, the lights going a little fuzzy around her field of vision.
Emma grinned. "You just wanted to hang out with me, huh?"
"I'm calling a suit to protect my bones and because he knows Iron Man! Don't shoot him! It just pisses him off even more," Tony said hurriedly, slamming a button on the wall by one of the entrances. "Emma, didn't I tell you to get out of here!"
"I guess you're right. How's the code and protocols?" Bruce asked Tony, who waved a hand, and the status reports appeared on the screen.
The android stared at his creator thoughtfully.
"It's wine-red," she said out loud before hopping onto Tony's workbench instead, now that Hank was terrified in her chair.
Dinner was quick, mac and cheese because Bucky wasn't a constant overachiever, and then he put the tiny kiddo to bed. He read Peter Pan again, and tucked Peter in.
"Why do
"Yeah, yeah, don't nag me," Tony said distantly, still not taking his eyes off his tablet.
Clint and Natasha stole Peter for the rest of the day, which Bucky was thankful for. They went to the park for him to let some steam off, and Bucky went to the gym to beat the shit out of some bags and to do some one armed pull ups. Tony had redesigned the arm nearly completely, making it lighter but keeping the same system of "touch" and the way he moved it. Even so, the fact that his left arm was that much stronger made him want to increase strength in the other arm, to make them more even, as if that was possible.
"Well, no, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't get to!" Bucky shrugged in a 'fair enough' gesture, and Emma waved Tony's confused face off as Steve abandoned his plate and came up behind his husband, sliding his arms around his waist and leaning his chin against his shoulder. "We're talking about Peggy, anyways, and not me."
"Oh? What kind?" he asked in his usual blasé way, and Natasha sighed.
"Tasha?" Clint mumbled sleepily next to her, and a warm hand settled on her thigh, calloused fingers sliding over soft skin. "What's the matter?"
"Sure thing, Cap," Clint agreed as he stepped out into the kitchen on the common room floor.
"She's gonna become a superhero too, isn't she?" he groaned, and Natasha's lips twitched into a small smile as they met eyes again.
"Then you can cuddle me too!" He should've known the kid had a motive. Bucky let out another quiet chuckle.
." Clint harumphed, and went back to the pancakes.
"Have at it," Bucky said, sliding a platter of stir fry over the kitchen island. Pietro heaved a put-upon sigh, but grabbed the plate and sat down to eat.
"Looking forward to having your old dads' out of the house?" Tony asked with a smile at Peter as he sat up in the couch, his chin resting on the back of it. Peter made a muffled 'i dunno' noise into Bucky's stomach, and Bucky chuckled.
"Stevie?" he called, and Steve's head poked out from the living room. He gave Bucky a wide smile.
"Hi dad!" she said, making the sign for dad in ASL.
"Hey, Bruce. How are you feeling? You doing alright?" she asked, smiling at him. He gaped a little, and then frowned, giving her a concerned look.
"Do tell," Kate said, eyes glittering.
"I don't doubt it, he does. If he doesn't think he can do it, then he can't."
"Wait, don't-" Emma exclaimed, but was too late to stop Damian from snatching the camera out of the man's hand and snapping the lens clean off. She inhaled sharply as she watched the paparazzi's eyes widen.
"Peter! Hi baby," he said softly. Peter lit up at his papas voice and face. "What's the matter? Are you okay?"
All three were already in the elevator by the time he'd finished his spiel, and Emma laughed sweetly at him.
"Like I said, Natasha knows somebody. Always does."
"I think if it was those kinds of jitters, you'd be feeling them a lot earlier than this, babe. You've come really far since we started being friends, y'know, but every recovery has the chance for a backslide. Dr. Kyle says you don't have to feel amazing all the time just because you're getting better. Some days are still shitty."
"Pssh. No. Yes. No?" Darcy said, and Bucky chuckled, putting Victoria back down, getting up, and moving over to envelop Darcy in a hug, sweeping her hair over her shoulder and dropping a kiss on her forehead.
"Okay. Then let me apologize to
"How long have they been gone?" Darcy asked.
, parent to parent," Steve said sincerely, making the ASL sign for 'parent' as he spoke. "Natasha was entirely right, we would've been very angry with you if anything happened to Peter on your watch. You're equally entitled to be angry. I'm sorry, Clint. Please accept my apology."
"Just say take a nap," Tony assured Vision, before turning to Bruce. "Well, what do you think?"
"'It' being Peter?"
When she pulled back from the hug, her eyes were a little red-rimmed, and Clint kissed the top of her head.
"Sure," Bucky said with a shrug and hesitated when Peter raised his arms, a silent question to be held. Kids needed hugs. Right. Bucky braced himself and carefully grabbed under Peter's arms, hauling him over the couch with surprising ease. He let Peter more or less sit on and wrap his legs around his right side, not wanting the metal of his other arm to dig into his soft, impressionable skin. Peter wrapped one arm around Bucky's neck and leaned on his shoulder, and Bucky had to take a few breaths to calm himself. He could totally do this. Carrying kids was easy.
"You're not going to kill Peter," Natasha said, matter of factly. "You need to stop worrying. You've babysat him before."
Darcy's eyebrows flew up, and she looked up at him. "Oh god. An adult conversation?"
"Oh, very complicated. We would never be able to understand what he kept spouting," she said in a deadpan, and Coulson huffed in amusement.
"Oh, yeah. Peg was... A real firecracker," he agreed.
"Them?
"I keep forgetting that you're a danger too."
Jarvis was silent for a while, and Bucky glared where he knew one of the cameras were.
"Wanda's been considering getting a G.E.D.," Clint said, a little excitedly, and Natasha hid her smile again.
"Is it really moochin' if I'm not allowed to legally leave the premises?" Bucky asked, getting batted at by Victoria in his lap.
"Don't be a dick about it," Sam said, and grabbed some more bellpeppers. Kate rolled her eyes, but put her smoothie down and was recruited into peeling garlic cloves.
Vision nodded, and Helen unplugged them reluctantly. The android went over to the couch, sat down, and lay like a plank for a moment, eyes closed, before their body went a little more limp and relaxed.
"Hey babe, 's Emma home safe?" Darcy asked without looking up. Bucky took a moment just to drink the image of her, comfortable in their apartment and looking like a goddamn dream.
Emma wiggled around until she could pull her phone out of her pocket, and texted Damian.
, doesn't it?" she said happily, tugging her spring coat over her shoulders. It was purple, a hand-me-down from Kate, as were the shoes. Clint had no clue why Kate was so obsessed with dressing Emma up in Hawkeye-themed clothes, but he sort of appreciated the support.
"Obviously. Y'know, I think if I could pierce myself, I'd want like a nipple piercing," she said as she grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the store.
"How mad was she?" he asked, amused, because letting a kid play with a bow an arrow felt like something Barton would do and something that would unsettle Natasha. Peter was a careful kid, sure, but he was still just a kid.
Wanda chortled, leaning forward a little, indicating interest. "You learned a language to make friends?"
"Am I
When Peter didn't answer, he crouched in front of the workbench, tilting his head in question. Peter's lower lip trembled.
Like anyone would be able to handle sharing Bucky's baggage.
"Who's asking you anyway?"
Bucky's past was still splotchy to him, and his memory sketchy at best, but he did remember a few things. He remembered the Howling Commandos, and Peggy and Howard Stark. He remembered Coney Island and stick-sickly Steve's mussed hair and small wheezing breaths. He remembered his little sister and he remembered the way she pouted and the way he looked with short hair. He remembered how much he fucking hated homophobes.
"Nobody's going to die of an infection," she said firmly, and Pietro hurriedly moved over so Emma could sling her arm around his neck, along with Clint's. Natasha carefully wrapped her hands around Emma's thigh, and met eyes with Clint so he could see her lips in the dim lighting. "One. Two."
"Don't worry, puff boy. I was just calling for you," she teased, and Pietro tapped his foot on the floor a little angrily, before crossing his arms over his chest and tipping his nose up.
"Calculated risk," Emma muttered, feeling sort of loopy with the blood-loss. There was a whoosh of air, and Pietro appeared with a bigger box of bandages in hand and a blanket.
"Remember that favor I asked of you?" she asked him, and Peter gaped at her for a second, big doe-eyes blinking in surprise. Then his squishy baby-face turned into a much more serious look.
"It does for Peter," he pointed out.
"No, it's mine. Give it," she said firmly.
? I thought we were still doing the math on the consequences for the boot-up."
The child was happy enough to be clutched to Steve's broad chest. He told his dad all about his dreams and about the book Tony was reading for him, and Steve hummed and asked questions, and Darcy sat across the table with a hand to her mouth to hide her smile. Thor couldn't hide his smile at the little boy's antics either.
"Emma did what an entire group of scientists couldn't and managed to override whatever was wrong with our invention," Tony said, looking a little giddy as he plugged something into the android's neck. "Stay still for a second, buddy, just gotta do some readings now that you're out of your cradle."
"I will help," Wanda stated. "He likes to disappear in machines."
"She was really mad. Bu' she was mad at Uncle Clint, an' not me," he said and used his free hand to curl into the fabric of Bucky's t-shirt.
Vision hit the shield again, giving it two sharp rights, and pulled their shoulders back like they did before they did a forehead-beam, and just in that moment, the shield flickered again.
Suddenly there was a gust of wind, and Pietro was by his sister, clutching her to his chest as her fingers trembled where they had a claw-like grip on his shoulders, and Tony's head appeared from the entrance to the sub-basements. He stared with wide eyes at them all.
It was just... He could barely take care of himself. He lived in the appartment next to Natasha's, because she was the only one who he would listen to in the beginning. Her snappy retorts in Russian and Steve's pleading and talking had gotten him to where he was today. He still needed Natasha to poke her head in at least once a week to make sure he'd actually eaten since the last time she was here, and showered, and slept. Steve dropped by a lot too, and so did Barton, but only because he was there to make sure Natasha ate real food, and not just saltines and salads.
"They've shown where their priorities lie."
"Da," Natasha agreed.
"But Bucky!" he exclaimed. "Dada's isn't done!"
Suddenly the holo-screen lit up behind them, and Bruce's face appeared, looking sort of distressed.
"Also, who the hell showed Bucky Vine?" Darcy demanded. Kate held her hand up.
"Napping," Steve grinned. Tony quirked an eyebrow.
"Why do you insist on hurting yourself and pretending you're fine?" he grumbled.
"Is everyone done throwing a tantrum now?" Clint asked a little irritably. "Seriously, as much as I love a good ole' scientific breakthrough, I was also trying to take a fucking nap when there was suddenly an emergency meeting. As long as it's not gonna murder us in our beds, I'm cool with him. Nat?"
"You got everything you need to go to sleep now?" he asked. Peter wiggled around under the covers.
"Do you like it, Jarvis?" Peter asked and held it up to the ceiling when Bucky handed it back.
"Bruce is okay. A little shaken up. Thor has taken over hugging duty so I could sit here with you." At Emma's raised eyebrow, her dad shrugged. "He needs time to calm down. Hugging helps. He's probably touch-starved, the poor bastard. It's good that Thor is broad and heavy."
"I appreciate it. However, I don't want him to dislike you more than he already does, and also it was like... 170 dollars or something. Like, crazy expensive," she pointed out.
Finally the food was done, and Emma piled up a pretty big plate and set it in front of Bruce, making him roll his eyes exasperatedly. He picked up the fork when Emma raised her eyebrows threateningly though, and began eating.
"Look who's here," Steve said, and Tony and Peter looked up at the same time, head snapping over to them with slight interest. The only difference was that Peter perked up when he saw who it was, and Tony squinted.
He sucked in a deep breath. "I just don't want you to wake up in ten years and realize being with me was the worst mistake of your life."
Also, thank you so much for being so many of you who still want to read things from this universe! Makes me super happy!
"I've already been yelled at, no need to bring it up again."
"All shoes, some jackets, and I think Jarvis has managed to get some sewn into a few of her pants?" Clint agreed, directing his last statement at the ceiling.
, and she pressed her lips together in displeasure. Where the hell was Darcy when you needed her?
"Just trying to get some information, relax kiddo!" the man said, rummaging in his bag for something. Emma tensed again, but Damian just sighed.
"Yes, Agent Romanoff?"
The one responsible himself, was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room, a bun on top of his head to keep the bangs out of his face, and with his legs crossed. He was only wearing boxer-shorts and a black tank-top. His boxers were a ridiculously bright turquoise, a pair Emma had undoubtedly gotten for him, and speaking of Emma, her cat was in his lap.
"Well I'm gonna go take a shower, get this grease off of me," he said slowly, not breaking eye-contact with Natasha. Clint moved out of the way, not really feeling like Natasha needed the backup.
"The lesson to take away from this story? Grades don't say shit about how smart you are," Tony told her very seriously. "Just because you don't think you're getting amazing grades doesn't mean you're not smart. You're crazy smart. You're gonna go far, kid."
Emma considered that.
"Oookay, I'm gonna... Leave you to deal with that, Buck," Clint said slowly. "I'll put some tea on for you downstairs, alright Nat?"
She put her hands on her hips decisively. "Well, I guess I'll have to remind everyone of how good I'm feeling!"
"Yup. The car is ready to go, too," Tony said, his look still locked on Peter. Ah. This was probably the longest they'd had to part with Peter for in a long time, and both were pretty nervous. Well, never let it be said that Bucky wasn't a thoughtful friend. Kicking his best friend and spouse out of their own home would be his pleasure.
"Sounds like a plan. I'll get you that sweet, sweet tuition money."
"You get three hours out with friends, and then I want you back home and resting. Okay?"
"Uncle Clint!" he chided, and Natasha was holding a hand to her mouth to stop from laughing as well.
Emma snorted.
"Look, Nat, I thought it'd be fine," Tony hurried out, and this time, when Steve tried to protect his husband from Natasha's anger, she jabbed two sure fingers in under his arm, immediately rendering it limp, before giving the Iron Man suit's chestplate a very solid punch. With a quick twist of her leg and a strategically landed elbow, she had Tony and Steve on the ground, pinning Steve with a foot and Tony by the hips.
"Yeah. Can we talk?"
"Miracles happen," she said sagely. "I mean, you've cheated death a couple of times."
"Video called them."
"Yup," Steve replied just as happily, his cheeks flushing. Darcy chuckled, and Steve shot her an inquisitive eyebrow. "How long have you three been video-calling?"
Pietro had come out enough from his shell to become a little sassy bastard, zigging around the tower like a little speedster. The only one fast enough to spar with him was Bucky, and Bucky really enjoyed putting him in his place. He was eating as much as Thor and simultaneously burning as much as two Steves, so he hadn't gained enough weight since he came to the tower, in Clint's opinion.
"Yeah!"
"Green?" Tony suggested, poking him in the side.
"I'll call you!" she called after him.
"You'd be easier to deal with," Pietro pointed out, pondering to himself.
"Don't you dare move, we're coming down," Tony said, but Clint didn't even let him finish his sentence before he was dropping down through the hole, masterfully landing with his feet on both sides of Emma's. "Alright, I guess Clint's coming down. We'll be there in a second. Jarvis, hit the lights on that floor, dimmed.
"Jarvis was the other one?" Steve guessed, and Tony smiled at him over his shoulder.
He groaned. "Why?"
, Stevie?"
She could see hundreds of calculations flashing over the screen on top of the cradle, could see that there was still a bit of energy needed to make the circuit complete. Hopping up on the cradle on her knees, she pressed her fingers to the glass covering the face of the bot.
of you, Sam."
"Did someone seriously try to mug you? You, the huge, buff, metal armed guy who looks like he eats annoying people for breakfast?
"I'm helpful," Bucky reassured her.
She hopped off the bike, crumpling the bag in her hand. "You know who you should talk to about this stuff, too? Your girlfriend."
"Hey, I didn't make this one. This is on Tony, Bruce, Helen, and Pym. Alright? I have zero control over this one. The other two... Well," Clint made a so-so motion with his hand.
"Because Steve said so," she replied easily.
Before he could stop himself, his hand had curled into the shape of an '
Pietro and Clint lifted, and Emma let out a sharp, high noise of pain as Natasha pulled too, settling her down on the blanket and covering the hole in her flesh with bandages. From Emma's little whimpering noises, she probably wasn't feeling too good from that either. Natasha wrapped her up in the blanket, and Pietro disappeared again, this time reappearing eating a banana and a bag of cheetos underneath his arm.
She didn't expect a fast answer, so she settled down to try and figure out what the hell Ben 10 was. As it turned out, it was entirely useless, seeing as she got an answer almost immediately.
"You sure are, buddy! Look at that!" Clint agreed with a grin as he tried to make Lucky get off of him. "Down, Lucky, c'mon man, I gotta restart the batter."
," she declared in Sokovian. Vision had noticed that the rate of which the siblings spoke in Sokovian had increased recently due to them spending more time alone with each other. The amount of tests they were subjected to had decreased, as had the general population of people in the tower. Vision had also noticed that they were rarely noticed when they stayed in the same room as the other occupants, which was good. It made their observations easier.
"He learns, then?" Natasha asked, raising a cool eyebrow at Tony. "How did that go for you, last time? Creating an android?"
"No?"
"Later skater!" Peter called back, and the two fathers waved before ending the call.
"Ow, ow, oh baby, where does it hurt the most?" he cooed sympathetically.
"No ham."
"Let us think about it a little more, возлюбленная, alright?" she said, turning back to Emma. "You're not supposed to meet them until one, right? Let us think about it. If you can move without hurting, and I will not tolerate a lie that you're fine, then we'll consider it."
"What about Nat?" Darcy questioned sleepily, but with a knowing look Clint's way.
"Uh-" Emma said intelligently, dropping down on the mat underneath the rings silently. "Tony?"
Darcy was curled up on the couch, glasses on and in sweatpants and one of his sweaters. On the coffee table stood a mug of hot tea, and a bunch of papers were scattered over the whole wooden surface, along with several highlighters in different colors. Her hair had been pulled away from her face with a clip, and she was squinting at the papers like they were currently the bane of her existence. Victoria was curled up on the other side of the couch, asleep.
"Oh," they stated in slight confusion. "Is this a way of demonstrating affection?"
"Please don't, if it's gonna cost you your leg. Do you want a ride or not?" he asked, and Emma grinned at him.
Yet here she was now, trying desperately to ignore the pain in her thigh and her back as Bruce gathered himself. Yes, Bruce was the one who had taught her practically all of the breathing excercises she knew, and yeah she knew he needed those too for a reason, but she'd never actually made the connection that hulking out and then turning back into Banner would take such a toll on him that he needed to learn how to handle the pain like that.
Peter shrugged.
"Mm. Nothing," she said as she let herself be dragged back to bed by Clint's strong arms. He nuzzled into her hair with a happy hum as she bit her lip and stared at the screen.
"'M cold." Bucky threw a blanket over his feet, and Peter huddled into the duvet more.
Emma pushed him out into the garage. "Well, I do heal, y'know."
"Alright baby, papa and dada are leaving now. Be good, okay?" he said and stroked Peter's cheeks. Peter nodded and Tony crouched down too, giving his boy a bear hug and a huge smile.
"Emma! I'm so so-" he blurted out, and was interrupted by Emma tsking at him.
"Stop cursing around Peter, you know Steve's gonna kick your butt," Bucky said, waving his spatula around.
Jarvis didn't answer, so Emma dropped down on the floor to investigate. The box wasn't dusty, not really, but it clearly hadn't been used in a while. It was metallic and had a number of dials and numbers blinking on the screen lazily. She did the cool toss-this-onto-the-big-screen swipe with her fingers, and crawled out from under the desk again, peeking up at the big holo-screens above Tony's desk.
"Alright. I don't like them," he corrected.
"Do another one," Emma demanded. Dr. Cho fiddled with her little color swatches, and held another one up. This one was bright blue.
"Christ, Buck, what are you, a walking safe?" Clint asked with a laugh as he dug a crumpled dollar out of his pocket, shoving it into the jar. Bucky shrugged.
, fell to his sides instead. He stared for a second, and then inched closer.
"Dollar in the swear jar, both of you," she then said, no longer holding back the smug tone but definitely the smile.
"Not at all," she sighed back, feeling his hand slip around her side and cupping her hip. "Oh, dude, there is no way I'm getting out of this skirt without help."
"Man, you must be bad at math," Pietro said without any sort of hesitation, but he still looked a little worried, a frown on his face. Natasha snatched the box of bandages out of his hand briskly, ripping one huge pad open.
Emma laughed. "What do you mean?"
"Ah, of course. Avengers business. Before we go on with the mission, how are the twins?"
The doors slid open, and he walked directly into the ominously silent kitchen. Toys were scattered over the tiled floor, and there was a stray sock underneath the kitchen island. Crayons were all over the kitchen table, along with paper, and there were a few toy cars and action figures in strange places around the room, and a blanket halfway through the doorway leading to the living room.
"That's the spirit. See you in twenty minutes," Clint agreed.
"Oh, you're so tempting, I might have to say yes."
"Oh. Um, yeah. Sure. C'mon Vision, we're gonna head to a training room," Bruce agreed, and Vision let go of Emma.
"Of course. Where am I a mobleader?" she asked. "The deep deep south? California? Canada? New Jersey?"
"Hey look, your tongue's purple!" Emma laughed, grabbing his chin. At her insistence, he stuck his tongue out, and she giggled again. "I'd kiss you, but grape-flavor is gross."
," she signed, and Clint chuckled a little, stroking his knuckles over her cheek.
"I guess, if that's how it's done. I'm pretty sure Barton stole his dog, and Natasha knows too many shady russian cat-ladies for Victoria to be anything but a trade-off of favors," Bucky said, reaching back to smooth his hand over her fur, making her one eye pop open. When she saw who it was, she began purring, and settled down again to sleep.
"I have various credit cards in my father's name on my person. I believe I also have Grayson's. I could buy you anything you want, including a dress your father would disapprove of." Emma grinned.
"Yeah, you keep saying that, babe, and I'm uber-supportive, but at the same time, I'm starting to doubt. You're usually pretty ready to go when you really want something," she pointed out. "Except when the PTSD pops up. Is it popping up?"
"Alright," Natasha said entirely calmly, like she wasn't pressing a whole two-hundred-pound super soldier to the fridge with two fingertips and a glare.
Emma laughed anyways. "Okay, you need to go take a nap. Isn't it Peter's naptime soon? Go nap with him. Doctor's orders."
"I do not have a name," he stated in a smooth voice, and everyone but Tony recoiled. Even Wanda hadn't seen that one coming, all of them staring at him. Tony beamed.
"You shut up."
The android obeyed, and Tony laughed as the material of the android's skin moved with the motion, checking his Starktab again and mumbling something under his breath that was probably along the lines of how amazing he was.
"Aunt Tasha! Bucky said a bad word!" Peter whispered. Clint bit his lip to stop from laughing out loud. Bucky turned to face him, and gave Clint the stink eye on the side.
"Riiight. Guadalajara. The Hershey thing?" Natasha nodded, and he hummed. "I barely remember anything from that mission."
"'Cos I've got a rich uncle?" Emma grinned.
"She has good instincts," he murmured. "While I think everyone's a danger, she has... A filter, of sorts."
Damian tsked, and tossed a surreptious glance around the mall. "What stores do you want to go to?"
Finally, the glass doors parted, and Bucky walked straight in, not expecting the tiny sniffling boy sitting on the floor next to Dummy, underneath his father's workbench. He looked so sad that Bucky's hands, that were supposed to be resting on his hips with anger because the kid had
"Goodie. Now, Bucky's gonna punch you. There are playful punches and there are punches that you use to hurt someone. This," she said, and punched Vision very gently in the shoulder, "is a playful punch. Buck?"
"Well, you're introverted and private as hell, beloved."
"Hi Petey! Where are your daddies?" she asked, side-eyeing Bucky.
"Is that my top?" Wanda exclaimed incredulously, leaning over the back of the couch with a wrinkle between her brows. Her hair was in a braid, that looked like it was of Thor's making.
"Even better than Aunt Tasha?" Bucky asked, surprised out of his mind. Seriously? Peter gave him a solemn nod. Wow. That made him feel a little warm on the inside. Peter treasured his Aunt a shit-ton. "Huh. I like you too, kiddo."
"It's cute. And hot."
"Play with me?" Peter probably intended for it to be a demand rather than a question, but he was too nice of a kid to actually demand something. Bucky was going to say no, but then Peter's eyes widened in childish innocence, and his doe eyes were so impressive he just had to give.
"Wha-Are you serious?"
As for how I'm writing Vision, I'm literally floundering in the dark. I've read some short comics with him, but one was majorly screwed up with him having a wife and kids that looked like him and got murdered or something, so I really don't know what I'm doing. I'm mostly playing around with the robot, please be patient with me!
"Hey, Dames, let's just leave-" she hurried out, tugging on his arm for the third time now, but it was like trying to push a twelve story building. She could've used some of her disproportionate strength, but the paparazzi was literally
"Oh, you have no clue. She's got zero patience for bigotry and if she decides she wants to whip you into shape, you're getting into her shape, even if you don't want to."
"For the visual of Tony, or-" Bucky's sentence was cut short as Steve grabbed his ankle and pulled him down to the floor, with Bucky cackling again.
When Steve stretched a hand out, Clint stared at him and his ridiculously huge puppy eyes for a solid three seconds. God, maybe he wasn't that tired of them. Obviously they still managed to throw him for a loop.
"Don't you love me?" Peter questioned, the little brat. Bucky receded.
Thank you for your sweetness!! Love you all!!!
"Police station? Why?"
"Can't Jarvis read it to you?" he asked, pleadingly. Peter looked miserable at the prospect, but nodded. Damn Peter's doe eyes. He got that from Steve. Nevermind that he was 6"2' and had lost all innocence since he started hanging out with Stark, Steve Rogers puppy eyes were not to be trifled with. Bucky sighed. "Alright, alright, I'll read the damn book. Where is it?"
"Oh. Nice," Emma grinned. "Can you convince him to let me go out with friends today, best superhero in the world?"
She scoffed. "Richie-rich boy," she teased, and Damian rolled his eyes at her.
"I am an android," Vision replied slowly, eyebrow-ridge furrowing a little. "I have not been assigned a gender."
"Todd grew up poor, and his attitude towards the rich is, I believe 'eat the rich'. He would grossly abuse his rights to the Wayne fortune if he were still willing to associate with us," Damian commented idly. Emma pulled the zipper up and wiggled around until she felt comfortable in the dress.
"She's kickass," Bucky agreed, a proud little smile playing around the edges of his mouth as he sliced some more bellpepper.
"Yes, Damian, I'm what?"
"If you survive a few hours in a mall with me, I'll reward you with me in my softest sweatpants, wrapped in your hoodie, lying in your bed with Titus, netflix, and some good chai. Sound good?"
"You called him a mission."
He furrowed his eyebrows. "I don't carry anything underneath 50 dollars."
"Vision? What's happening, buddy?" he asked, and Hank was on his feet again within a second, and Helen had a concerned frown on her face.
"That depends on the situation," Steve protested as he gave Peter a sip of his milk to wash the pancake down. "Besides, I don't tell the team to go, the alarm does."
"Shh, daddy! Auntie Tasha doesn't wanna talk," Peter whispered loudly, pressing his chubby hand over his dad's mouth. Steve's shocked expression and the stunned silence that followed left Natasha with a window to leave the room, and she took it, making Emma's name sign at Bucky, and getting a '
"How was work?" she asked when Clint pressed a kiss to the top of her head.
small, he'd forgotten) pajama pants. Tony wasn't even wearing a shirt, clearly not as eager to leave as he'd made it sound like over the phone.
"Back already?" he asked from the kitchen table, where he was reading To Kill A Mockingbird. He liked to flaunt it in front of Clint and get him lookin' at 'im with the kind of squint killers used on their tagets. So, really, he was getting a kick out of making one of his friends want to kill him. Bucky had weird hobbies.
"So where's my patient? Up and walking already?" Helen asked, yawning a little. Clint didn't catch the last bit, but he caught the most important part, and tossed a thumb in the direction of the common room.
"Do they?" Darcy said, but the initial warmth seemed to be seeping back into her features.
When she began to drift back into consciousness, she could hear the adults' low voices like a buzz floating in the air around her. Emma was pretty sure she was on a couch, and that said couch was the one in Bruce's lab. When she cracked a careful eye open, she could see the pea-colored fabric, and was then
"Hey kiddo," he said and ruffled Peter's hair awkwardly, but from the grin he recieved, he assumed it wasn't all that bad.
He waved a dismissive hand in the air, brushing his hair back from his face. "Call me gross and old-fashioned, but I'm starting to feel a little useless doing nothing. Maybe that's why I'm antsy."
"No moving until Helen can look at your leg, alright? You should be healing up but that doesn't mean you should put any more weight on it than you need to. We just care about you, okay sweetheart?" Clint sighed, sitting down on the coffeetable.
Bucky's non-metallic fingers drummed over the leather of the seat, and Emma raised her eyebrows at the nervous gesture. "I wouldn't use the word shitty. Just... antsy. Like I want to do something and I don't know what it is, even though I should know what it is. It's niggling in the back of my mind and driving me up the wall."
They bought Dairy Queen and had only just tossed the plastic cups in the trash when they noticed a man Emma didn't recognize sort of following them. Immediately she felt her body tense and get ready to run, but Damian didn't react until the man was right in front of them, and when he did, he scowled.
"Jesus of all fucks! Kate yelled and tossed a coffee mug at the android. They shifted density in confusion, and the coffee mug went flying through and hit the wall behind them. "Oh my god, Clint, tell them to stop!"
"Yeah?"
"We'll blow that bridge up when we get to it," she tried to soothe, grabbing his hands.
," Natasha signed at Clint, who nodded and helped Bruce to his feet. Without hesitation, Natasha scooped Emma up in a bridal carry, being careful to let the injured leg rest rather than be pressed up against her. "Pietro, go call Helen. Ask her in a medical professional capacity what we can do."
"If Wanda's my sister, and Clint's her dad, and you're Clint's... whatever. Does that make you my aunt?"
"Right. Later skaters," he said, and Peter grinned at his father's goofy reply.
"Tony's turn, so I'm guessing hamburgers and fries, why?"
"Nah, he's doing homework late, is all," Emma sighed. "He always procrastinates to the last minute and doesn't like actually study and he still gets straight A's! I wish I could do that."
Emma watched in fascination as it stared, a hand coming up to touch the glass before it slowly descended and landed on the floor.
"Want toast?" he suggested. Peter looked up at him, a furrow in his brow that was way too serious for a four year old to have.
Vision began floating in the air, testing a few jabs that had a suspiciously Steve-looking quality to them, before sending out a huge, yellow laser-beam from their forehead directly onto the dome of energy. Emma in the still rings nearly fell from her perch, catching herself with one hand.
"Fine. Let's hear it."
Natasha didn't reply, she only stood up with an unimpressed look on her face, brushing by Clint and grabbing some stir fry before she disappeared into the elevator.
"Yeah, no. Not great. But we're gonna nap soon, was the plan."
"Bucky!" Steve exclaimed, scandalized, as Sam wolf-whistled.
"Bucky?"
Before he could act on that impulse, however, he was interrupted.
"Vision," Emma stated. All eyes turned to her as she smiled at the humanoid robot. "Your name should be Vision."
"Master Peter is unavailable at the moment," Jarvis replied, his voice cool but not soothing Bucky's nerves one bit.
"Mmm. Blood loss is so annoying," Emma groaned, her eyes slipping closed as she felt her heart beat in her head. She heard Natasha yell this time, as black ink swirled under her eyelids, and everything went dark.
"Please, Natalia," he pleaded as he sank to his knees, grabbing the hand that wasn't currently pressing the black silk dress to her front. "I'll do anything. I'll clean all your guns. I'll make that Russian bread you love so much. I'll buy you a metric ton of real Russian vodka. I'll throw myself from the top of the Avengers tower to amuse you, please, Nat, I won't be able to handle it!" Natasha gave him a dry smile that said everything he needed to know. She wasn't gonna give.
"If Americans can eat pancakes for breakfast, why can't I eat toast for lunch?"
Clint flipped up more pancakes on everyone's platters as they laughed, and Steve settled in with Peter in his lap, letting the toddler steal pieces of his pancakes. Bucky gave his friend a pointed look, and Steve ignored it willfully.
"I'm happy you've got a good babysitter."
"Does it feel bad? With her?"
"Tony!" Steve chided from the kitchen, and Tony sighed.
"Dr. Banner and Sir-"
"Fuck off, Barton." There was a gasp behind him.
"Papa?" came Peter's happy gasp, and a light was turned on. Steve, shirtless and in a bed, smiled at them from the other side.
"Pietro!" Wanda said distantly. "We are going to buy ice cream without you!"
The light started to hurt her head, so she closed her eyes again, and listened instead. She could hear the clinking of Tony pacing in his Iron Man suit somewhere nearby, and heard her mom's voice a couple of yards away, talking to another woman who wasn't Darcy, Kate, Jane, or Pepper. Probably Helen Cho, then.
"I have one," Natasha piped up, looking up from the file.
"I'm sure we can set up a guestroom for you for the night," she said, crossing her arms over her chest and looking over at Tony. "As thanks."
"Damian's butler was a medic in some war! I don't know which one, but if my leg breaks down, which it won't because it's a good leg, I have a qualified medic who can check it out."
"The alarms in the middle of the night?" Clint suggested as he moved towards the coffeepot. Victoria was apparently bored with being in his arms, as she struggled to crawl up on his shoulders, headbutting the side of his face disapprovingly. He tried to juggle her as well as dodge Lucky and get over to the coffee-machine. He was lucky he had regained the majority of his balance since he went deaf, or else he probably would've fell.
"Or go get me a coffee from the cafeteria. Otherwise, I'm taking this rubberband hostage and the liberty of snapping it on your person," Sharon threatened, and Clint pouted.
She snuck through the vents this time, to make sure she wouldn't encounter Pietro. She hadn't said anything mean to him, he'd just taken offense to her saying he might want to get a haircut or a headband or else his hair was going to get in the way of his crime-fighting.
"Vision is being exposed to a virus, Sir," Jarvis said matter-of-factly, and Hank tapped on the computers and Tony on his tablet, and Helen pushed Vision into the chair Hank had just vacated, before snatching the tablet out of Tony's hands and taking over. Tony, in turn, swished his hand through the air, and the keyboard underneath Hank's fingers flew over to him instead.
