“Wait,” Dean called, getting up quickly, “don’t go. We were finished talking anyway. I’ll let you guys get on with your angel business, I should probably hit the sack before daylight.”
All this talk of wings was making Castiel uneasy. Even though he knew his wings were safely resting through the back of his seat, careful not to shift too close to the hunter beside him, Castiel was still worried he’d make Dean uncomfortable again. He felt even worse after hearing Dean’s praise for how soft Hannah’s wings were. He must have touched them tonight while they were intoxicated.
“And you don’t see any darkness? Not even from my days in hell? Or the mark? I killed people Hannah and did a whole lot worse to a lot of others. That’s got to be on there somewhere,” Dean demanded.
“Great to know, Gabe. Now how do I know you haven’t been spying on me as well?” Sam groaned.
“Speaking of which, I better go before he thinks I’ve fallen in,” Charlie joked, chuckling as she practically heard Hannah’s head tilt in confusion.
“I’m warning you, Sammy,” Dean grumbled before reluctantly heading in the direction of his room.
“Very well, Gabriel you may begin,” Hannah conceded, focusing on the situation at hand. She could hear Charlie’s heartrate speed up and her own vessel’s heart followed suit. She wondered if this was what nervousness felt like.
“Don’t worry, Dean. That awful dream is over now. I’m right here and I’m not going
Castiel was startled by the sudden declaration but he knew Dean couldn’t mean what he was saying, he was drunk and this car meant the world to him. He wouldn’t give it away, not in his right mind anyway.
doing here?” Gabriel demanded, looking back at Hannah in betrayal. She
“It’s hard to explain, you just
“Because, what if this is a sacred thing for angels? I mean, the last thing he needs after waking from his death bed is a broken heart.”
“Common mistake but not quite, the name’s Gabriel.”
Cas.”
“Maybe I should take the next one, let you rest up a bit,” Dean suggested casually, trying not to appear as desperate as he felt.
“It need not be permanent, just long enough for word to be spread that Gabriel, the last archangel, has returned to the side of Heaven. You need only be a figurehead, nothing more,” Hannah assured him.
“I have to go,” Cas spoke suddenly. Before Dean could even protest Cas was out of the room, leaving Dean to think over Cas’s words alone.
Hannah didn’t look as surprised as Dean had been expecting, which made Dean wonder just how obvious he’d been this whole time.
Dean looked instantly guilty.
He hadn’t meant to overreact like that, but his emotions were already strung so high lately and he couldn’t help but feel betrayed by Cas’s departure. Sure it wasn’t the first time Cas had ran out on them, in fact it was pretty much standard procedure by now, but Dean couldn’t help thinking this time should have been different. That, with their new ‘marriage’ and Cas having confessed his feelings, maybe he’d finally stay.
“Then
“I want him alive when I get back, Clarissa, but don’t feel like you need to hold back too much. Dean’s a veteran at being tortured, aren’t you Dean? He’s experienced some real pros in his time, so you might have to step up your game,” Crowley told her casually before disappearing from the room.
feathers lining the nest, those feathers should be Hannah’s. Castiel couldn’t keep the devastation from his face as he looked at the symbol of Dean’s love for another. He couldn’t even
“Is something wrong?” he asked looking over Dean in concern.
Fortunate for Dean, Hannah has yet to choose a mate so she may be open to Dean’s advances. Honestly, Castiel couldn’t think of even
Was she always this affected? Or was her condition merely getting worse with time? Would it eventually fade so greatly that she’d basically be human? Hannah shuddered at the thought. She’d heard second hand from Castiel what an awful experience that had been for him. Although he’d had many positive things to say as well, Hannah doubted they’d outweigh the negatives. Especially considering he’d practically been fallen already.
“Cas!” Dean sighed, his voice coated in relief.
His entire being screamed with it, something was wrong.
Cas beamed at his compliment and the red flush tinged slightly deeper. They locked eyes and simply smiled warmly at each other for a few long moments. Dean caught Sam rolling his eyes and muttering something about “eye sex” under his breath. Which caused him to immediately drop his gaze, realising how intimate the exchange must seem. He couldn’t lead Cas on, he still wasn’t sure what his game plan for this whole “marriage" thing was yet. But hurting Cas wasn’t part of it, that’s for sure.
But he couldn’t deny the facts in front of him. His grace was restored and, he realised as he searched Dean’s aura, Dean no longer carried the Mark of Cain. Only the combined power produced from the bonding of Dean’s soul to his grace could have allowed such miracles.
“Well duh, I never left,” Gabe replied casually.
Dean immediately stopped cooking, switching off the stove so the batter wouldn’t burn, turning around to cradle Cas’s face in his hands.
Dean almost cursed himself as his mind decided to remind him of a certain ex-angel who had shared those same sentiments all those months ago. Great and
Also it seems everyone agrees, Harlie it is! :D
“Guess there really
“Did you really believe we were married?” Cas asked nonchalantly. Dean froze, his calm slipping away as he began to feel flustered and embarrassed. He was glad the angel couldn’t see how red his face was becoming.
Her words were deliberately vague, likely due to Dean’s presence in the room, but Charlie had no doubts as to what she was referring to. Her heart began to pound at the reminder of their earlier conversation and she fought to keep her voice normal.
in IKEA just to figure these instructions out,” Charlie heard Dean cursing loudly in the background.
Dean gripped Cas’s coat tightly, tugging his husband in for a kiss. Although they’d kissed each other over a thousand times now, the feeling of his husband’s lips against his would never cease to make Castiel’s heart race. He let himself melt into the familiar feeling, knowing there were still plenty more kisses to look forward to.
The bunker was empty when he returned, it appeared Sam had taken the opportunity to venture into town also. The silence was deafening compared to the roaring of the waterfall he’d just departed, which only seemed to emphasise Castiel’s loneliness.
Cas will never be able to marry anyone else again.”
He giddily left his room, heading to the library after finding Sam’s room empty. His brother was curled up on a pile of books, apparently giving into exhaustion pouring over research like the nerd he was.
“Goddammit, Sam. I don’t know,
Charlie and Hannah both gaped at them disparagingly, Charlie appeared particularly unimpressed with Sam.
“No, Cas, you can’t mean that. It should be someone you
“Of course not, do I look like a nark to you? I still think you
“Dammit Cas! Why didn’t you tell us sooner? We could have helped! Or at least put you on bed rest instead of dragging you across the freaking country. I mean, what were you even thinking?” Dean demanded.
like it ‘strengthened the bond’ or whatever.” Hannah studied the mark curiously, sensing the unmistakable hum of grace vibrating below the surface.
that douchebag!” Dean gasped in disbelief.
“To quote a friend, ‘Can we get this show on the road already?’ I want to go home to my
? Okay was an understatement for the bliss Castiel was experiencing right now. It was like the most wonderful massage, Castiel could almost fall asleep.
after all; the night his lust for Dean had overpowered the bond. Dean had not been in his right mind and undoubtedly regretted his actions. Worst of all he likely blamed Castiel for it, which he had every right to, the angel thought regretfully. In fact, he deserved all the anger Dean was about to dish out.
“Us,” Sam’s voice appeared from behind him. Gabriel whipped around to find the tall man standing in the doorway.
If this was his only chance at saving Cas, he was damn well going to take it. Heaving a deep, shuddering breath to calm himself, Dean knelt before the couch coming face to face with the corpse of his best friend and love of his life. His body was so clearly lifeless, his lips blue and skin deathly pale, that it physically pained Dean to see him like this. He had to firmly remind himself that Cas wasn’t really dead, that this was just a vessel and the
A flash of jealousy sparked through him suddenly, catching him off guard. He glanced back at Dean to find him stone-faced, as if visibly trying to control his expression. Curious, Castiel stepped even closer to Hannah. Without thinking, he began carding his feathers through hers in a more intimate, not necessarily platonic gesture. Hannah’s eyes widened, giving him a questioning glance. Normally he would have never acted so inappropriately, but a part of him felt like he needed to be sure his actions were causing the jealousy. His suspicions were confirmed when he noticed the jealousy burning more intensely at his actions.
“Because Gabriel duped us
“Um… what?” Dean asked sheepishly.
“So had you progressed much in the way of courting Castiel? Before his near-death experience, of course,” Hannah probed nonchalantly.
bring up angel courting unless he wanted Dean to court him?”
Sam didn’t seem quite convinced by his answer but obviously couldn’t think of any reason to argue his explanation because instead he gently smiled back.
Sam was sitting at the kitchen table having lunch when he entered, munching on some of that rabbit food crap he loves so much. Dean didn’t even feel the urge to make an insulting comment about the food like he usually would, instead he flashed his brother a wide grin.
Wow guys I can't believe I'm back here after all this time. I started this fic 6 years ago and finished it 4 years ago, boy how time flies. I haven't thought about Destiel in a long time but after the latest episode I've been dragged right back in. I just binged season 13 in two days and am still 2 seasons behind but I'm hoping to catch up before the finale. I can honestly say I never thought we'd get this far. Not even a single part of me thought Destiel would become canon. Personally I don't really consider it canon unless Dean also confesses, but there's still time so I'm not gonna call it a loss just yet.
Dean didn’t know why he was so surprised.
“Extremely,” Hannah reassured her, “I have never eaten before, but I must admit it was much more pleasant than I’d imagined.”
Castiel realised the longer he surrounded himself with these emotions, the easier it became for him to sense their origin. Following the trail of emotions carefully he found that they led him directly to a familiar presence.
“Ninety percent of the angels who abandoned Heaven returned in the last week and we believe those remaining would return if Gabriel made a public appearance. However a few angels have begun to question the reality of his return. In fact, they’re beginning to question the integrity of your leadership… sir?” Jehoel informed him, his tattered pale green wings twitching anxiously at Castiel’s continued silence.
the first time he’d seen him naked while aroused. It was a
How could he have been so blind to his own feelings for so long? All those things he’d done for Dean, those things he’d screamed at Dean only moments ago, he’d done out of love. Sure, he’d always known he cared deeply for the human. But it hadn’t been until that moment that he’d realised just how deeply.
Sam felt a little more relieved now that he knew the bond wouldn’t force the angel’s feelings. The last thing he needed was those two under some form of love spell. Their relationship was complicated enough without consent coming into question.
“What? How did you-?” Sam stammered.
“But you
The phrase was much less comforting now than it’d been back then. Boy, if angels really
“Whelp, if you’ll excuse me,” Charlie announced hurrying from the room, throwing Castiel a quick knowing smirk before she disappeared through the door. Castiel didn’t have time to protest as the red head abandoned him, not wanting to be left alone with Dean after such a nice day out. The last thing he needed was to be reminded of his troubles by the confrontation that was no doubt about to occur. Their last encounter together, while both of them were completely conscious at least, had been
Cas unwrapped his wings from around Dean and lowered them and his eyes in disappointment. Dean had never seen him look this dejected. He couldn’t stand that he’d made Cas feel that way, even if it wasn’t really
“Well in that case, it’s an honour being your first chef ever,” Charlie chuckled.
the one who snapped at me. We were just having some harmless fun before you two decided to ruin it!”
Dean continued as if now that he’d gotten that off his chest, he couldn’t hold back any more.
Charlie shook her head, “You’re not, honestly I think I moved on a long time ago. I've known I didn’t love her for years, well you know what I mean, it
“Dean,” Castiel replied tenderly, cradling Dean’s cheeks in his palms.
“Of course, Dean. I’m sorry to delay you,” Cas apologised turning to leave.
“Well then that’s a good thing, why are you in such a bad mood?” Sam answered, pretending to seem confused.
“Dean, grooming an angel’s wings is a very intimate act. I don’t think you understand what you’re asking for,” Castiel spoke softly. His throat felt tight, making it hard to speak.
“Ooooooh look who’s calling, don't worry I totally got this,” Charlie declared with a wink.
“One drink won’t hurt, I’m sure the girl you’ve got rolling around in there won’t mind. Besides I’m making it my official mission tonight to ensure you have some fun,” Dean persuaded and then gave her an honest smile, “Seriously though, I really do appreciate your help the least I can do is pay you back somehow.”
that son of a bitch!”
********
Dean’s hand dropped from the mark to his balls, fondling the sensitive skin, as he neared orgasm. He chased his release wildly, legs shaking as he felt like every muscle in his body was tensing in anticipation. His body gave a violent jerk as he came, painting the shower wall with white streaks. Dean relished in the aftermath, enjoying the post-orgasm glow as he finally went through his usual shower routine.
“First you search for any loose or damaged feathers. They should come out easily with a brush of your hands. Don’t try to remove any other feathers, as it will be quite painful,” Castiel instructed, avoiding Dean’s eyes. Thankfully the feathers on the back of his wings were a lot less sensitive than the underside. Castiel held back a shudder as he remembered what Dean’s hand had felt like tracing over his underside feathers. And in front of his brother, no less.
“Wait, Charlie,
Castiel roamed the bunker curiously as he waited for the hours to pass idly. He eventually decided, after a few hours of aimless wandering, to return to the library. The room held hundreds of shelves lined with books featuring all manner of supernatural lore. Despite his already vast knowledge of the supernatural, Castiel was sure he could find
. It had already been far too long since his last job. Now that the Mark of Cain was gone, there was finally nothing stopping him. And if stabbing a few vamps would help him work through his anger? Well that was just an added bonus, Dean told himself firmly.
With thoughts of the angel, Dean remembered Cas had his wings back. Even with how things were left between them, Cas wouldn’t refuse to help him. At least he
Sam attempted to lighten the mood, “You know, you should probably stop using the Lord’s name in vain now that you’re married to an angel.”
Despite his apprehension at facing the angel, Dean couldn’t help but feel disappointed when he couldn’t find Cas in the kitchen or the library. In fact, after a thorough search of the bunker he realised he couldn’t find him anywhere.
“Holy shit, you knew. You
“When I’m finished, there won’t even be a piece of palm left,” she snickered hysterically.
“You can’t!” Sam protested. If Dean did that it would completely ruin everything.
. And now Dean couldn’t even have Cas to himself for a few days without ‘Miss Perfect’ around, constantly there to remind him how wrong he was for Cas. He already
never be good enough for him
“Fine, but I’m holding you to that,” Dean agreed, before reluctantly rolling out of bed. He roughly dragged on a fresh pair of boxers and shirt. When he turned around Cas was still sitting on the bed but he was now fully clothed, trenchcoat and all.
“Thanks, I guess,” Sam mumbled before accepting the salad.
Dean couldn’t hold back a laugh, unfortunately causing Cas to turn red with further shame.
“Like hell I’m going back there!” Gabriel shouted firmly.
into accepting the feather originally, then they would need to be clear about their intentions and let the angel know.”
Sam gave him a warning bitchface before allowing the archangel to continue.
“Yes,” Hannah agreed then added gently, “Please take as much time as you need.”
Hannah straightened her back indignantly. “My confidence in Charlie has nothing to do with her aesthetic appeal. She has been nothing but generous and kind to me, her soul is pure and I trust her,” she defended firmly.
“Look we don’t have time for this, you need to help us save Cas,” Dean growled impatiently.
how he felt about the archangel. He knew he’d undoubtedly enjoyed his company when they’d been together and had missed the archangel’s light-hearted presence ever since he’d stormed out that day. And sure he’d been really worried about Gabe and had been trying to make amends for days. But he considered Gabe a close friend, even if the archangel had been a dick in the past, he wasn’t interested in him
enjoying this. You’re not the one who’ll have to deal with Dean’s sulking when he comes back empty handed,” Sam sighed.
“Has he called?” Castiel asked intently, maybe Dean had left a message with his whereabouts.
, Dean wasn’t going to let him off so easily. He expected more of his little brother. He was already starting to brainstorm revenge ideas when Cas suddenly spoke up behind him.
“How did you-” Gabriel began but Sam interrupted him.
Dean hesitated in the doorway, glancing between Castiel and Hannah nervously. Castiel felt Dean’s reluctance to leave and wondered whether he should suggest Hannah leave with him.
one of the things he’d be expected to do now after all. Especially since he’d officially decided to court Cas properly.
Gabriel was lazing, definitely
Speaking of Cas, “Hannah, can I ask you one more thing?”
He was startled out of his reverie by his phone’s message tone chiming on the table in front of him. To his surprise instead of a message from Dean letting him know he’d finally given up on finding a hunt, it was from an unknown number.
to thank for you being healed. But he’s not the reason,” Dean admitted.
to decipher them all.
Dean’s eyes flickered open, catching his gaze and Castiel found himself marvelling at the beautiful shades of green within Dean’s irises not for the first time. Castiel was glad it was the last thing he saw before his vision faded. If this was to be his last sight, then Castiel could die happy.
“Yeah baby, what do you
and Dean; well Dean was so screwed up there probably wasn’t enough duct tape in the universe that could piece together his broken soul. Cas deserved better, Dean had always known that.
“I’m not sure what it means,” Hannah admitted, “I only know that being here seems to be helping him.”
“It’s not silly if it’s important to you, just tell me,” Dean assured him.
“You hate it,” Dean stated dejectedly. Castiel could only shake his head, not trusting himself to speak around the lump forming in his throat and the threat of tears that burned his eyes.
“Oops sorry, I couldn’t help it. My ship just became canon, I needed a moment to fangirl,” she apologised.
Dean was silent for a long time as he deliberated. Castiel knew that some nightmares were too hard to talk about and he respected when Dean refused to discuss them. It was his duty to comfort his husband, not interrogate him. As much as he wished he could purge all the horrible memories from his human’s mind, Castiel knew that the trauma ran too deep.
Before he could wallow any further in self-loathing, the door to the bunker was shoved noisily open. A load thumping soon followed, as if something extremely heavy was being dragged down the stairs.
“Did you seriously think
Now that their conversation had finished, Hannah too caught up in whatever idea his words had sparked within her to continue, Dean found himself staring down at Cas. He was relieved to note he’d started breathing again. The bond had been gradually growing between them until Dean could definitely feel the presence of Cas’s grace. Although it was hard to tell which emotions were his and which were Cas’s, because their souls were so closely intertwined. The only difference between them was a subtle fuzzy aura that surrounded Cas’s emotions, giving off a distinct dreamlike impression.
His unnatural sense of ease to the situation hadn’t even purely been physical either. He’d felt so unbelievably
“Alright Hannah, time to go,” Dean cooed, helping pull the swaying angel from her seat. He wrapped her left arm around his neck, securing his right arm around her waist, as she leaned against him heavily. Charlie couldn’t help but notice the flicker of jealousy cross Castiel’s face before he composed himself.
Before Sam could stop him Dean roughly pulled on his jacket, only pausing for a moment to stare at the impala keys wistfully, before snatching them off the kitchen table. He tried not to think too hard about who’d left them there. He couldn’t let himself get swallowed up in self-pity again. He just had to get out of this damn bunker, like
“If you must,” Hannah shrugged. She gestured toward the seat beside her and Dean hesitantly accepted.
Before he could analyse his actions any further, Dean gave into his urges. He allowed himself to bring up the memory of where the dream left off, before everything went to shit. This time when his hands reached out, seeking Cas’s wings, he found them just as soft and irresistible to touch as they had been in the beginning of the dream. Cas gave a small gasp, hips jerking forward instinctively, as Dean buried his hands within the feathers. He teased them slowly, relishing in their softness. But Cas’s movements were anything but slow as he clawed at Dean’s shirt, worshipping the newly exposed skin with exploring hands.
“Well, well. If it isn’t Dean Winchester. Last I heard you were one of us, what happened? Couldn’t take the heat?” the crossroads demon mocked.
“So this is the last one?” Gabriel stated, sounding bored. He was ready to get this over with. His debt to Hannah was almost over. He was sick of being surrounded by love birds all day. Sure the amount of angels falling for their bonded humans was far less than it had been during the age of Nephilim, but there were still enough cases to get under Gabriel’s skin. It didn’t help that Hannah and Castiel, the head honchos of Heaven right now, were both completely head over heels for their humans. Gabriel just wanted to get as far away from this shitty dimension as possible. Maybe he’d come back in a few centuries, who knows.
He gave a ragged sigh, dragging a hand through his hair and forcing away those kinds of thoughts. He warily returned his gaze to Cas’s sleeping form. Dean had reoccupied the chair by Cas’s bedside ever since his conversation with Sam. Despite Sam’s protests, Dean had refused to sleep. He needed to be there when Cas woke up. He needed to
I would also like to personally apologise to CopaceticBrainBox, the smut ended up being next chapter. Sorry I got your hopes up D:
Gabriel seemed conflicted for a few moments before giving in with a grumble, “You’re a devious one, but I can appreciate that. Fine, we have a deal.”
“It’s not you, Hannah. No offence. I’m… I’m talking about Cas,” he admitted nervously.
“Who else even is there left to bond?” Gabriel asked.
“How many times have we thought he was dead only to have him turn up again, Dean? It wouldn’t be that unexpected if he faked his death last time too. Besides Dean, he might be the only one who can save Cas. If he’s alive that means he’s the only archangel left. Which means he could be the only one on earth with the power to heal Cas. He’s our only hope,” Sam claimed certainly.
“Very well, I will join you in the courtship of Castiel and Dean Winchester.”
“Thanks Hannah, that’s actually exactly what I needed to hear,” Dean thanked her.
In a flash Hannah rushed to their aid, meeting Dean at the bottom of the stairs and holding out her arms in a silent offer to take Castiel’s weight. Yet Dean recoiled, refusing to release his grip on Castiel, despite the obvious strain on his arms. Instead he settled for letting her help him move Castiel to the library couch they had been occupying earlier. After a moment of clear hesitation Dean stepped back, allowing Hannah to assess Castiel’s condition, but hovering closely behind to watch her work. She quickly noticed Castiel wasn’t breathing and his heart was no longer beating. Had he been human she would have written him off as deceased, however Hannah knew better. She determinedly probed his vessel in search of the one sign of life that was truly important; his grace. To her immense relief she eventually located the soft humming of grace, just barely burning inside the far reaches of his vessel.
Dean grinned, “Yeah? But where do you need me? Do you need me inside you? Or would you prefer I ride your dick just like this?”
“Gabriel,” Sam growled. Gabriel found himself slightly disappointed at the use of his full name instead of the nickname Sam had preferred lately, but he brushed it off as a trivial concern when he took note of the Winchester’s stern tone. The Winchester was clearly not pleased to see him despite his own request for Gabriel’s presence. Gabriel  was surprised at his intensity, he didn’t think their disagreement the other day had been that serious.
found out about angel courting after all.”
eyes, Castiel corrected himself painfully. Yet the feathers that scattered randomly across the bed were not the pale blue they should be. They were the undeniable black shade of his own feathers, which Dean had likely acquired from grooming him the other night. The sight of his feathers on the bed, no the
apologize?
“Of course, I do. I… I love him,” Dean said firmly after his initial hesitation. It felt wrong that the first time he said the words aloud Cas couldn’t hear him. He wanted Cas to hear him,
Blinking blearily, Castiel turned in its direction surprised to find, not his pillow, but a person. Not just any person, but Dean. Dean was watching him guiltily, as if he’d been caught doing something wrong.
“I thought you might not come,” Dean admitted softly.
“You need to apologise to Samuel Winchester. This petty dispute between the two of you is making you both miserable. I don’t know who’s at fault and frankly I don’t care, but it’s distressing Charlie and I can’t ignore that.”
thought we almost lost you,” Dean stumbled over the last sentence, averting his gaze.
Dean froze, like an animal caught in a trap. Cas felt the need to add, “If you would like to, that is.”
“Now that all the serious stuff is out of the way, let’s drink each other under the table,” Dean declared.
Sam gave him a pointed look, or ‘bitchface’ as Dean had dubbed it, before pointing towards the library.
“But I
“I don’t understand,” Castiel stated, frowning in confusion.
Dean felt a burst of satisfaction as he saw surprise replace Crowley’s smirk. The demon tore up his sleeve roughly to confirm the news.
“Sammy!” Dean’s voice called, “Get your ass in here, I need you and your freakishly long arms to help carry this to my room!”
“That is promising news. It means his grace still has some consciousness. Now we must wait to see if his grace has the strength to follow your connection. If it can reach your soul through the bond it should be almost as powerful as touching your soul directly. Although the process may take several hours,” Hannah warned.
“Then it’s settled, you two have fun,” Sam announced locking eyes with Hannah meaningfully. The interaction didn’t go unnoticed by Dean and he wondered briefly what was up with those two.
Anger sparked through Castiel, even though he refused to believe Dean would ever sell his soul again.
Sam looked visibly relieved as he nodded.
“And how the bloody hell did you manage that?” Crowley demanded.
“I need you.”
I’m at a disadvantage when it comes to this angel courting crap… but I think I can do it if you help me,” Dean admitted, looking at Castiel pleadingly.
********
Dean cleared his throat.
He should have paid more attention to his grace’s agitation earlier, but the connection had been stifled with distance. Now that he had returned to Earth the feeling was hitting him with full crippling force. His grace was flaring with distress, it was in outright panic.
married! What was he supposed to do now? Was he expected to build a nest or something? Would Cas expect Dean to leave with him? Or would Cas stay here to ‘tend to his husbandly duties’? Whatever the hell those even were for an angel. He clung desperately to the hope that Sam was right about angel marriage being platonic.
Dean copied the action with his hand, fitting his own fingers over the mark. His left hand took over as dream Cas finally licked a long line up the length of his cock and took him into his mouth.
And with that, he disappeared leaving Dean to glare at the empty space as Sam snored peacefully behind him.
“What like ‘Cas and I share a Profound Bond’?" Dean quoted incredulously.
the news I have for you, Sammy-boy! It’s positively delicious,” Gabriel purred, emphasising the last word by conjuring a bar of chocolate and taking an enthusiastic bite.
Sam didn’t
, it screamed,
Gabriel huffed in frustration, “What do you think I’ve been trying to
Dean didn’t even bother answering before shoving Ruby’s knife through the smug bastard’s neck. The look of surprise on his face was priceless, Dean mused. That’s the problem with demons, they’re too chatty. Always wanting to give their little monologue speech before they kill you. Too bad for him, Dean didn’t have the patience for that shit today. Yet even as Dean watched its eyes flash and fizzle out, signifying the demon’s demise, he didn’t feel satisfied. Actually, he felt worse than he had before. Empty.
Instead he decided to swerve the conversation.
“You’re confused. I believe you need to rest, Dean,” Castiel insisted firmly.
“Nice of you to join us, Sasquatch,” Gabriel’s voice brought his attention to the angel standing in front of them. He was trying his best to look exasperated, with his arms tightly crossed, but he couldn’t hide the smirk that twitched at his lips.
“Perhaps I came too soon, I should have let you rest longer,” Hannah reasoned regretfully.
“It’s saved both our lives,” Dean admitted, “you know, at first I was terrified at the idea of being married to Cas. But I’m actually glad it happened. If I hadn’t been duped into this, we might never have faced our true feelings for each other.”
to believe they belonged to Cas. It was the only presence of another consciousness he could find, just barely noticeable as it was.
“That’s why he has us, the people who care about him, to worry for him,” Sam declared resolutely.
courting situation and she hadn’t initially planned on finding a mate, let alone a human one, for thousands of years. But she supposed it wasn’t such an entirely unappealing concept if her mate was someone as wonderful as Charlie. Would it truly be such a terrible idea to begin courting her? Of course it was strictly against the rules to become romantically involved with a human, but if Castiel disregarded the law then why couldn’t she? Just the thought of Charlie holding one of her finest flight feathers,
She froze, almost flinching away from Charlie in shock, as she considered what she’d just thought. That was the kind of possessive claim expected from
to kill something. It wasn’t nearly as intense a need as he’d had with the mark, but he definitely craved the stress relief it would no doubt bring him. In fact, there was no better anger management cure as far as Dean was concerned.
“What’s this?” she cooed, “You already somebody else’s bitch?”
“Baby,” Dean clarified, “you like how she feels? How she drives.”
newlyweds.
. Jesus Christ, Sam, he’s an archangel.”
“Regardless of their sentiments towards me, they remain my family and as long as they require my assistance I will not abandon them. You know if things were different I would not hesitate to stay here, but I cannot ignore my duty,” Cas told him firmly.
His goon perked up at the news, advancing towards Dean eagerly.
tell Dean, maybe he’ll feel the same way. You can’t know how someone else feels until you ask them.”
supposed to know it wasn’t true? Plus it made sense at the time because you started suddenly bringing up angel courting stuff right after the bond. What was I supposed to think?” Dean spluttered self-consciously. Dean wondered if Cas could feel his mortification through the bond and then promptly decided he didn’t want to know the answer.
“Wait, what exactly are you suggesting?” Sam inquired, appearing more open to Gabriel’s idea than Dean.
time to ask Cassie if he could groom his wings-”
She was right, of course, he had been gradually losing feathers for the past seven days. Castiel had been avoiding looking at them, afraid of what he might find, but as he finally inspected the damage he realised his wings were in far worse shape than he’d even imagined.
your problems. No more mark and old Cassie here gets his very own grace back!” Gabriel chimed smugly.
be possible.
“You can’t lie to me, Sammy, I know what you sound like when you deny a crush,” Dean declared. “Samuel, if you
needs?” Dean smirked, dragging a hand through Cas’s feathers. Cas’s wings visibly shuddered at the attention but his face remained remarkably composed.
“Then there’s someone else? You have a boyfriend,” he guessed, when Dean hesitated Sean looked at him knowingly, “You don’t need to tell me, the answer’s written all over your face.”
Castiel supplied Hannah a quick farewell before hanging up, pocketing the phone automatically. He greatly missed the simplicity of before the fall, when his wings could carry him to his destination in a matter of seconds. Instead Castiel resigned to the fact that it would likely take hours for Hannah to arrive.
Dean roughly pushed the angel onto the bed now situated behind him. Castiel’s breath rushed out of him in surprise, but the bed braced the impact of his fall. In fact it was extremely comfortable and he found himself gratefully pressing further into the soft surface.
,” Dean protested, his voice becoming panicked.
?” The outburst didn’t bother her, she understood his frustration was not truly directed at her but at his own helplessness to save his mate. However Charlie visibly bristled beside her, clearly wanting to warn Dean about his tone, so Hannah spoke before she had the chance.
Dean jerked awake with a start, heart racing and breathing strained, as he tried frantically to remember where he was. Looking around the dark room, he felt himself calm slightly as he recognised the surroundings as his room at the bunker. It had just been a dream, he reassured himself gratefully, just a terrible, horrifying dream. But even with this knowledge he couldn’t stop the dread coiling in his stomach as his mind continued replaying the events of the dream over and over.
But before he knew it, hours had gone by and he continued trailing his fingers through the soft locks. It wasn’t until Cas stirred that he knew he’d been busted. Dammit, he knew this would happen! Cas would no doubt be so creeped out he’d never want to talk to him again. Or worse, he’d consider Dean’s actions acceptance of their marriage and Dean would be forced to break Cas’s heart.
That’s what he’d wanted to say, hadn’t
“Congrats! I didn’t know you guys were that serious already,” Dean noted, grinning at Charlie encouragingly from the other side of the couch.
Gabriel glanced meaningfully over at Dean and Hannah’s table. The two seemed to be a lot more relaxed than earlier, Hannah was no longer sitting rigidly straight in her chair and leaned her arms casually on the edge of the table. She was even
“Found any jobs nearby? I’ve been couped up here for months, I think it’s time for me to get back out there,” Dean asked, crossing his arms with forced nonchalance.
within the many shelves to occupy himself.
It was dark by the time Charlie finally announced their day together was to come to an end. Castiel couldn’t help but feel relieved, not that he hadn’t enjoyed their day together. In fact he’d actually found himself almost forgetting about his issues with Dean entirely, the distraction of the amusement park far more effective than he’d ever have imagined. But the day had also been somewhat overwhelming, whether from an overload of new experiences or exhaustion due to separation from Dean’s soul he wasn’t certain. The flight back to the bunker only exhausted him further and he was greatly considering attempting to get some rest in one of the spare bedrooms. Even though his body didn’t technically
the kind of thoughts that forced Dean to keep driving. They were the last proof he needed to know he’d finally fallen off that cliff he’d been toeing for years. He could now let himself analyse his feelings for Cas for what they truly were and knew they weren’t exactly platonic. Somewhere along the line Cas had become more than just an ally, more than just the best friend he’d ever had. Dean
Dean squared his shoulders in determination, “Then it’s a good thing I’m willing to sit here as long as it takes, I’ll stay here all night if I have to.”
Sparing one last lingering glance towards the mark on his shoulder, Dean finally moved towards the shower. Growing up on the road, Dean had been left with precious little time to himself. He had quickly realised the shower was one of his few escapes. In the shower, Dean could allow himself at least a small reprieve and just relax. A place where he could forget all about the shitty things in his life even for a few moments; pretend he was just like everyone else, that his life was actually normal.
“Oh my god,” Charlie squealed as she whipped around to see the archangel leaning against the kitchen table.
Castiel’s knees dropped and he leaned against the wall, hand reaching to relief himself of the pressure but froze. With the bond open like this, there was no telling if the connection went both ways. If he could feel everything Dean felt, then it seemed likely Dean might very well feel him too. He couldn’t risk the chance. With great effort, he kept himself unnaturally still, only releasing soft moans and grunts against his hand that he found he couldn’t hold back.
Picking up guys was a bit trickier than women, even without all the precautions, since you could never be quite sure if they were actually interested. Especially in a bar like this you ran the high risk of hitting on a straight dude and getting punched in the face. But over the years Dean had learned to pick up the signs.
“You’re home late,” Sam noted warily.
“Oh that will
Castiel relayed the previous year’s events including the fall, his stolen grace, the Mark of Cain and, eventually, the bond.
“I need you to be honest with me on this okay? No sugar coating,” Dean insisted firmly.
Neither of them were sure if they were ready to call the feeling love, but they knew that in that moment it didn’t matter. They moved towards each other simultaneously, the urge to close the distance between them occurring as a single thought within their shared consciousness. Their lips pressed together gently and they closed their eyes, revelling in their physical and emotional connection. It wasn’t a particularly aggressive or passionate kiss. Rather they simply appreciated the feeling of one another until the connection between them began to fade.
He was in love with Dean Winchester.
“Maybe being separated from Dean’s soul meant he couldn’t heal properly?” Sam suggested tentatively.
Please your mate? Oh god, Dean was
Dean’s smile grew even wider at the comment, warm affection for his brother flooding through him. Sam knew him too well, it felt surprisingly nice being reminded of that. Their relationship had been pretty strained since he got back from his ‘road trip down demon lane’. It was good to see some things never change. Maybe they could finally get back to some normalcy now that the mark was gone.
“You’re eating with the King of Bad Table Manners, Cas. Trust me, you’re doing fine,” Dean hastily reassured him. His words seemed to soothe Cas’s unease and his wings relaxed considerably. Though, in the process a wing brushed against Dean’s arm gently causing both of them to tense.
“Yes Dean, it was wrong of us to deceive you,” Hannah agreed, looking similarly remorseful with her wings drawn close around her in shame. He decided to forgive those two, at least. Hannah had helped him out a lot these past few days, after all. But
“I know she’ll
“Now is that
All plans of sleep were forgotten, however, when Castiel found himself approached by Dean almost as soon as they’d appeared in the library.
“See, I told you she wouldn’t help us,” Gabriel appeared next to Sam smugly.
He knew the moment Dean awoke because his emotions lurched, lacing in confusion, as awareness brought clarity among the previously muddled subconscious. Despite the source of distress being gone, Dean’s emotions continued to struggle with the aftermath of the nightmare.
Dean finally broke the silence.
Castiel’s grace roared with rage at the mere thought. His grace had laid claim to Dean’s soul, if a demon even
But when he offered the choice to Hannah, she surprisingly disagreed.
A mixture of concern and confusion flickered across Charlie’s face
“I recently came to the realisation I have romantic feelings for Dean,” Castiel admitted solemnly. Nothing could have prepared him for Charlie’s reaction, as a high pitched squeal suddenly escaped her mouth.
“But you can heal him, right?” Dean insisted desperately.
He gestured to Hannah, who’d been unusually quiet during their welcoming. Charlie finally let her gaze drift towards the other women, surprised to find her already staring.
“You mean this?” Dean chuckled, stroking his thumb over the small nub which tore a gasp from Castiel’s lips as oil leaked generously from the abused gland.
“How he feels about me? Sam, come on, this is Cas. He’s an
Besides, Dean hadn’t been laid in months. Which was probably why he’d let this whole mess with Cas get into his head. He was sure he just needed a good roll around in the sack, then it’d definitely be easy to bury his feelings for Cas again. Then Cas could find someone who was better for him. Hannah was definitely vying up for the position, Dean thought with a scowl. Encouraged by the jealousy that now sparked through him, Dean scanned the bar for a target.
“Dean,” Castiel said tensely, “your hand.”
Cas smiled tenderly at Dean, running a hand across Dean’s hip before settling along his left elbow.
“Well for
“Don’t even bother, even an angel couldn’t get out of that chair. Poor Samandriel learned that the hard way,” a British accent announced jovially from the smaller figure.
can still feel them and it’s kinda tripping me out,” Dean admitted sheepishly. Cas let go immediately, taking a step back.
Sam appeared contemplative before commenting, “How are you going to break it to Cas?”
Dean woke surprisingly early the next morning, but he would have happily stayed in bed all day if he could. Although the throbbing hangover pounding through his head was the
Sam sat in the chair in front of his desk, turning to face Dean, who remained at Cas's bedside refusing to leave the angel’s side in case he took a turn for the worst.
Cas avoided their eyes as he murmured, “Of course. Go enjoy yourself, don’t stay on my account.”
“So how did it go?” Sam ambushed the archangel before he could leave Dean’s room.
“Congrats Sherlock, but we already figured that one out,” Gabriel admitted casually.
. He doesn’t exactly
A heavy fist hit his face, effectively wiping the smirk from his face. He spat blood on the ground in front of him before lifting his eyes to his attacker defiantly. Crowley’s apparent body guard grinned at him as she wiped the blood from her knuckles on Dean’s jeans.
“Very well, Dean. What do you wish to know?” she leaned back in her seat, spreading her arms in a gesture she hoped was welcoming.
a husband. Those were luxuries he’d given up a long time ago. From the moment he’d picked up that knife in hell, Dean knew he would never deserve happiness. Not now, not ever.
Dean tried not to appear too disappointed when Cas pulled his wing back. The small touch was unlike anything he’d ever experienced, like a mix between silk and velvet. It was the softest thing he’d ever felt.
“Yes, I gathered as much. It seemed unlikely you simply craved my company,” Hannah confessed.
Although, he had to admit it really
have if he wasn’t able to see her wings. They couldn’t keep still, constantly fidgeting and fluffing in distress, it didn’t take a genius to figure out what that meant.
to trust you.”
“It’s hard to say precisely but my closest guess would be another three hours with your presence or four without,” she informed him. He glanced briefly at his watch, noting it was almost 5am.
He was apparently in the bunker, more specifically Dean’s room, laying in what appeared to be Dean’s bed. Although he had no memory of how he’d gotten there. In fact, the last thing he remembered was being on the road with Hannah. She had insisted on driving as Castiel’s condition was getting worse and he was becoming a danger to both of them behind the wheel. They had been heading toward Topeka, Castiel recalls, before his memory drew a blank.
“Alright, alright. You wore me down! Geez, I had no idea you were so needy, Sammy.  You
“You look like you’re in a better mood. I take it the bond worked then? No more Mark of Cain?” Gabriel’s voice piped up behind him and he spun around to find the archangel leaning against a wall, half eaten snickers bar in his hand. Dean wasn’t even annoyed to see him.
As much as Castiel admired her constant positive attitude, it was definitely not what he needed right now. He felt too heartbroken to humour her either.
is we bond these two meatheads, soul to grace. And presto! Dean’s soul is purified, meaning bye-bye mark, and Cas’s grace is nursed back to full health thanks to a wonderful new battery known as Dean’s soul. It’s win-win!” Gabriel gleefully explained.
When Sam still refused the plate, Gabriel pouted, “Come on, they’re chocolate chip! I’m just trying to be courteous to my partner in crime.”
anything,
without messing it all up. He’d been right all along, Cas deserved someone better. Even if his soul wasn’t messed up, Dean was still just a mindless screw up. The only thing he’d ever be good for was hunting monsters.
like years. The spark just wasn’t there anymore.”
Dean didn’t need any more prompting, burying his hands in the soft underside of the feathers enthusiastically. Castiel couldn’t help the needy whimper that escaped his throat at the flood of sudden sensation, but Dean didn’t show him any mercy. As the hunter’s fingers explored every inch of the feathery expanse offered to him, Castiel squirmed underneath the onslaught of pleasure. He was painfully hard, the touch to his sensitive feathers sparking liquid fire up his spine before setting in his groin causing it to twitch violently, drooling precome that soaked through his boxers. Dean seemed satisfied with his search, only finding a few remaining loose feathers hidden among the soft down, pausing his hands which caused Castiel to whine in disappointment.
“Right, ‘you don’t understand that reference’. Got it,” Charlie added after catching Cas’s puzzled expression.
“You can’t have had a very uneventful year yourself, last I was told you were in Oz,” Castiel pointed out.
“This isn’t one of your pranks, Gabe. We don’t want to mess with them, this is to make them happy remember?” Sam warned.
“Angel courting? How out of the loop
thing standing in the way of their own happiness and they can’t even see it.”
. How could he have let himself get carried away like that? Cas obviously hadn’t been ready for anything serious, attempted to warn him before they’d even begun. Cas had tried to say no but Dean just wouldn’t listen. He just
“Well then, I can see when I’m not needed,” Gabriel shrugged, “good, this was getting boring anyway.”
Castiel tried to think about the way he cared for Sam. He was a true friend and Castiel cared for him very much. But it wasn’t at the same level as he cared for his brother. Dean had always been different. He had once said it was because they “shared a profound bond”, well he now realised just how true that was. Castiel’s love for Dean
Dean’s eyes flickered to the patches of missing feathers in her wings, sympathy flooding through him.
“Then we need to cut right to the finish line! Dean-o can’t run if he’s already caught in the net,” Gabriel informed looking smug, “Sammy, I may have an idea.”
He disappeared from the room with the sound of rustling feathers. The room fell silent, except for the comforting rhythm of Charlie’s steady breaths against Hannah’s neck. Despite her concern for her brother, Hannah couldn’t help but feel content as she cradled the sleeping human closer to her chest. She truly hoped Gabriel would find the happiness she had.
“Monsters don’t just take vacations, Sam,” Dean scoffed, “If you can’t find anything online then I guess I’m just gonna have to search for trouble the old fashioned way.”
, let alone convince Cas to. But he had to try. Even if Cas’s feelings for him were completely ruined, he needed to salvage their friendship at
Sam flashed him a confused glance and Gabriel let out an exasperated sigh.
“Dammit Sammy, who’s side are you on?” Dean groaned miserably.
“Accept what exactly?” Castiel asked warily.
Charlie’s gaze snapped to Hannah, appearing a mixture of shocked and honoured by her declaration. Hannah returned the gaze eagerly, allowing herself a shy smile.
“Dean? You’re awake?” Sam groaned groggily, sitting up and shaking off his remaining drowsiness.
“I love you so much, Cas. I couldn’t say it in that stupid dream but I’m saying it now. You’re the best goddamn thing that ever happened to me and I’ll be
“Not quite,” Gabriel chimed, grinning like a Cheshire cat.
later. Right now she had an angel to distract.
Dean hardly hesitated before accepting the feather eagerly, marvelling at the softness of it between his fingers. He knew realistically that things were moving really fast between them. But honestly, they’d been on the cusp of this for years and he knew for certain that he would be spending the rest of his life with Cas. Might as well make it ‘official’.
“Very well,” Castiel sighed, admitting defeat. This human girl may be smaller and much weaker than him, but somehow he felt that she’d manage to get her way no matter what he said. She was just that determined.
Settling in the chair beside him, Cas tore a piece of pancake from Dean’s without bothering to get a plate of his own. The action was so domestic, Dean could almost imagine they really
Before he could convince himself of doing otherwise, Castiel entered the room. It was dark and echoed with the sound of Dean’s deep panting. Castiel saw Dean freeze at his arrival, but didn’t protest. As he flicked the switch by the door, the room became flooded with light. Dean squinted at the sudden brightness, covering his hand over his eyes.
the hunter froze as if suddenly realising what they were doing. Dean wrenched himself from Castiel’s lips, staring questioningly into his eyes.
“Tell me what you need, Dean,” Cas purred in a voice so seductive Dean could hardly believe he was the same angel who’d been scared out of a brothel. Well Dean knew it wasn’t, but he decidedly chose to ignore that fact. Who knew how sexy it was having Cas lead?
“Okay fine, that’s fair. I’ll admit the plan went a bit off the rails there. But that never would have happened if Sam had just
Dean lifted his head then, as if noticing Sam’s presence for the first time. Dean scoffed but his only reply was another large gulp of beer.
“I don’t understand. How can the human perceive our wings?” she asked, suspicion lacing her tone as she scrutinised Dean. Part of him wanted to step between them, grab Cas around the waist and stare right into Hannah’s eyes before announcing, “Cas and I are bonded now.” But as much as he’d love to see her face at the news, Dean knew doing that would be toying with Cas’s emotions. Especially since it’d look like he was accepting their new relationship status.
Sorry for the huge gap in chapters guys, I've recently started uni again and combined with my 5 work days I'm fairly busy. I hope the next chapter won't be too long a wait but if it is I apologise in advance. Anyway, enjoy! :)
“Do I look like an overweight naked man to you?” Hannah asked suddenly.
leave,” Gabriel’s voice caused Sam to startle violently in his seat, eyes snapping up to find the archangel sitting in front of him beside his laptop.
The younger Winchester had become distracted by his phone, determinedly scrolling through it.
“What Dean
He doesn’t
Before Dean could retaliate, Sam rushed to reply for him.
“So what’ll it be, Deano? Wanna get the dynamic duo back together? Just think of all the good times we had together, it could be that way again. All you have to do is give up that pesky humanity.”
“OLANI GE-IAD NOALN OL TOANTOH OI GASSAGEN OD OI CORDZIZ NOROMIOI OIAD NOALN BLANS IADPIL” Gabriel’s voice echoed slightly, as if lacing the words with his true voice.
was the one who told Dean about angel courting?” Sam gaped, “I assumed he just saw it on the internet or in a book or something. Why didn’t you say that earlier? And why would
all for Dean. He’d rebelled and killed his family,
“Exactly! Don’t you see? Castiel’s jealousy means he’s aware of his feelings too. He’s not as oblivious as we thought. Hell we could even use this jealousy thing to our advantage,” Gabriel suggested eagerly.
want Dean to hear, “How do you know that what you feel is love?”
I don’t go for the clingy ones,” Gabriel stated in his old exaggeratedly theatrical tone. Sam rolled his eyes, but Gabriel noticed the corners of his mouth quirk into a small smile. That tiny gesture filled Gabriel with hope. It was all the proof he needed to know that Sam had warmed up to him far more than he’d realised. Gabriel was determined to use the fondness the human already felt for him and take it one step further. He would definitely prove to the Winchester that he was worth becoming his mate. He wouldn’t even use tricks this time, he promised.
“It was a stronghold for the Men of Letters. Turns out our grandfather was one of them,” Sam explained as he returned the angel lore books to their respective shelves.
“If you were just gonna mojo yourself dressed, why couldn’t you do the same for me? I had to get dressed the regular way like a sucker,” Dean whined half-heartedly.
Hannah looked uncomfortable and her wings drew close to her body, as if shying away from him.
Gabriel began to chant the spell, his voice echoing with the influence of his true voice as he prayed in Enochian for their Heavenly Father to unite them.  Hannah supposed it wasn’t that different to the humans’ marriage ceremonies, she could understand why Dean had been so easily misled. However, Hannah stopped paying attention to Gabriel’s chanting once her grace began to thrum inside her in response to his prayers. It frantically pulsated throughout her vessel reaching out enthusiastically towards the human in front of her like an excited puppy.
“What do you mean, ‘it was you’?” Sam asked warily.
The pain flared through Castiel so suddenly that he was knocked to his knees. Sam rushed to his side instantly, pulling him back to his feet.
quill.
Maybe he did need the extra help, it was only fair since Cas had a front row seat to
“Easy there, buddy, you gave us quite a scare. I-
Sam couldn’t help but feel a little jealous as he looked at the couples surrounding him. They were all hanging out in the library watching Game of Thrones. As soon as Charlie heard Cas had been reading the books, she demanded they have a marathon the next time they all got together. It had taken a few weeks but finally everything in Heaven had settled down enough for the angels to take a break. Cas and Dean were curled up on one side of the large couch, while Hannah and Charlie were cuddled up on the other. Sam was stuck as the fifth wheel being the only single person in the bunker. Speaking of which…
“Let's recap. Why exactly is Dean going on a date with this Hannah chick if his dream guy is head over heels for him?” Charlie probed. Castiel allowed his face to look crestfallen without trying to hide it this time.
“What did ya miss me already, Sammy?” Gabriel cooed. Sam’s head snapped up at his greeting, his expression darkening even further.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam looked at him wide eyed, obviously startled by his outburst. Dean felt the urge to apologize, knew it would be the right thing to do, but the anger swirling around inside him wouldn’t let him. He wasn’t angry at Sam, or Cas, or even
It had been easy enough to excuse Hannah from the room after the ritual had failed. Sam simply explained he wanted to give her a grand tour of the bunker since she’d be staying for a while. She had been silent the entire time through his rushed explanation, barely reacting aside from raising an eyebrow.
Suddenly they were one soul, one being. Their feelings, both physical and emotional, were shared so infinitely that it was impossible to locate their origin. Castiel could no longer tell which emotions were his and which were Dean’s, but common sense told him that the lust and desire thrumming through the bond had to be his own. But Dean obviously couldn’t decipher the difference.
to say,” Sam said, throwing a warning look at Dean before turning back to Gabriel, “is that Cas is currently very sick-”
Before Dean knew it, he found himself at a bar. It was the usual routine for drowning away his sorrow. He’d drink himself stupid and then maybe find a nice warm body to distract him from his worries for a while. There was a sickening coil in his stomach when he thought about sleeping with someone who wasn’t Cas, but he determinedly ignored it. He knew he couldn’t have Cas, so why shouldn’t he have someone else?
couldn’t.
Cas is your
Cas froze as he processed Dean’s words, only managing to choke out, “Hannah?”
The usual tirade of questions that she’d been harbouring since reading the Winchester Gospels ran through her mind. It suddenly occurred to her that she could finally actually ask Castiel that stuff but, as she caught him eying the Impala across the lot warily, she decided now wasn’t the right time.
right now,” Sam objected.
After a few moments Dean reported his progress, leaving Castiel’s nerves on full alert.
“Morning Sammy,” Dean chimed a greeting, plucking some leftovers out of the fridge before taking a seat beside his brother.
But even as he thought that, he couldn’t help but be reminded of the few times he’d slipped up. Let on just how important the angel had become to him.
Yet Dean knew that wasn't true. Cas
“Yes and you,” Castiel replied before quickly analysing her soul, “are Celeste Middleton.”
“Gabe,
********
Well… at least that’s what Dean had always thought, that was of course, until he’d found out Cas was in love with him. Yeah, he definitely hadn’t been able to read
He leaned his head on the table wearily, dragging his fingers idly along the condensation that covered his beer bottle.
********
She eagerly brought her blade across the scarred flesh and suddenly Dean felt something in his very soul protest the action. For the first time, Dean couldn’t hold back the cries of pain that escaped his lips. Obviously encouraged by his broken silence, she doubled her efforts on the handprint.
She’d never before outwardly spoken ill of Heaven’s design. Before the fall it would have been considered blasphemy and she’d have been strapped to Naomi’s chair faster than she could blink. Hannah determinedly pressed the memories of Naomi’s “treatments” out of her mind. Watching her brothers and sisters being tortured had always been hard for her. But Hannah had tried to maintain a detached perception of her work, lest she be the one in the chair herself.
been a while since he’d groomed his wings, they really
“Look Cas probably doesn’t have much time left so you two better grab a book because I sure as hell am not gonna stand around and do nothing,” Sam demanded, grabbing a book of his own.
At the reminder, Dean was forced to acknowledge the ever-present burning sensation that had accompanied that arm since his last kill. It was a throbbing need that pulsed through the arm, willing him to touch the first blade again. He forced himself to ignore the ache, wishing for the blissful ignorance he’d had moments ago.
causing Cas pain even now, throwing around harsh words carelessly. Dean was glad he hadn’t looked up to see Cas’s face before he left, there’s no way he’d have gone through with it if he had. Seeing the broken, disappointed look in those big blue eyes would have stopped Dean in his tracks. Even thinking about it made Dean want to turn around, drive back to the bunker, so that he could beg Cas’s forgiveness. Dean wanted to wipe that terrible look off his face with apologetic words whispered in his ear, he wanted to kiss it off him.
“Look I don’t know what to tell you, Dean. There’s seriously nothing out there, it’s like every monster within a ten mile radius has decided to take the week off,” Sam insisted, dragging a frustrated hand through his long hair.
A tentative knock on the door startled him into looking up from the book currently curled in his lap. Sam was standing in the doorway cradling a cup of coffee, which he then offered to Dean who accepted the beverage gratefully. Neither of them had slept since Cas arrived, not that Dean thought he could have even if he wanted to. Hannah had dutifully helped translate the Enochian book before apologetically taking her leave. Their mission was too important to abandon, she had explained before driving away in Cas’s Continental. Dean almost protested when she’d taken the car, but he decided it was probably for the best. If Cas survived this he would likely join Hannah in their mission again anyway. Dean deliberately ignored the disappointment that this particular thought brought him, forcing his attention back to his brother instead.
them, Dean, as if we shared the same soul.”
“No! The bastard says it’s permanent,” Dean admitted with an annoyed snarl.
And as he watched the impala drive away, seeing how carefully Castiel steered Dean’s beloved vehicle, Sam couldn’t hold onto his petty annoyance.
With his mind preoccupied, it wasn’t surprising that Dean didn’t hear the footsteps behind him until it was too late. The first blow to his head caused his vision to go blurry but he fought to stay conscious, throwing blind punches in the hopes of hitting his attacker. But after the second blow everything went black.
He patiently waited until the tears stopped before asking, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“There's no such thing as Angel Divorce. We’re kind of traditional like that. Besides, why are you complaining? This is what you agreed to. You no longer have the mark and Cassie gets to live. Now you two can live happily ever after,” Gabriel explained with a wink.
Charlie grasped the angel’s hands in hers and nodded firmly, “I’m sure.”
“Didn’t like the taste?” Dean asked her with a chuckle. She shrugged without looking up from the empty glass.
Castiel turned to her nervously, “You won’t tell Dean about what I told you tonight, will you?”
idea to recruit Gabriel into bonding all the remaining angels to willing human partners with compatible souls. Your idea not only healed their wings and fully restored their powers, but also introduced them to human emotions. Combined with our guidance, the angels’ cooperation with and respect for humans has never been better. The reapers would not be able to do their jobs efficiently if their wings had not been healed and there would still be countless restless souls on Earth. I couldn’t have fixed any of the problems in Heaven without you.”
Sam had the audacity to look sheepish, “Yeah okay, fine we knew. We just wanted to get you and Cas together. It worked, didn’t it? Look how happy you guys were just now.”
Hannah had been the first angel Castiel had encountered who selflessly guided Heaven with no personal agenda, she simply wanted what was best for Heaven. Even he himself had lead selfishly in his brief position as God. His first action, in crucifying that hypocritical preacher against homosexuality, had been fuelled by his own bias. Even before he truly understood his feelings for Dean as romantic, he knew he severely opposed homophobia on a deeply personal level.
anything. The fact that I can is further testament to how far I’ve fallen. The reminder is actually quite troubling.”
. She shouldn’t be experiencing these urges, such irrational needs, for a
“What? Goddammit, why is no one ever straightforward around here?” Dean barked, looking even more annoyed.
to be bonded to me, after all the times I’ve screwed you over?” Gabriel gaped.
different path before everything went to hell. Dean wasn’t sure whether he was disappointed or relieved that they’d been interrupted. How would he have even faced Cas after having a sex dream about him?
Dean seemed extremely pleased with this decision, unable to hide the satisfied grin from his face.
He wondered when it had occurred. Was it while he was asleep? Maybe even before that? Castiel supposed it didn’t really matter when it had happened. Or even how. It was obviously out of his control and there was likely no changing it. For reasons Castiel couldn’t determine, that thought made his chest constrict uncomfortably and his stomach churn at this particular revelation.
“I’ve been checking all morning, but it’s oddly quiet. In fact, there haven’t been any weird deaths reported the last few days. At least nothing that suggests anything supernatural was involved,” Sam admitted, visibly stumped.
Castiel finally found the ability to move again, cutting off Dean’s excuses with a desperate kiss. Dean froze underneath him in surprise before melting into the kiss willingly. Castiel kissed him like he was starving for it, trying to convey years’ worth of devotion into the action. He tenderly cradled the hunter’s face, appreciating the feeling of Dean’s stubble again his fingers, as Dean’s hands tangled themselves in his hair. Castiel pressed against Dean hungrily, trying to get as close to the other as possible, while simultaneously backing him towards the bed.
Dean reminded himself bitterly, who had an entire legion of fallen angels relying on him. He didn’t have time to waste spending it with a human, even if that human was technically his husband.
“And so that’s basically it,” Sam finished, waiting for the angel’s reaction nervously.
“Yeah well I’d prefer a little warning first,” Sam complained with a sigh.
Dean noted the dejected drooping of her wings, despite her deadpan expression, and felt the need to comfort her as she’d once comforted him.
“Dean, why
“You will not
for me,” Gabriel purred, wiggling his eyebrows at him suggestively.
He instantly forgave Sam, however, when he noticed the plate of pancakes on the kitchen table. Best little brother ever, Dean thought blissfully, as he shovelled the food into his mouth eagerly. Too preoccupied with his good fortune, it didn’t occur to Dean that Sam was usually a terrible cook. Nor did it occur to him that pancakes were much too sugary a dish for Sam to ever indulge in.
She tisk-tisked disapprovingly, “We can’t have that, now can we? Your ass belongs to me now.”
The contact of their groins brought a startled moan from Cas, his lips raising from Dean’s neck, as the sound was torn from his throat. His eyes were almost completely consumed in black, the tiniest of blue iris still showing, want clouding his features as he stared down at Dean. Cas’s growl was practically animalistic as he firmly ground his hips against Dean’s in turn. Dean whimpered allowing the angel to decide the pace, enjoying him taking control, as his face was pulled into another passionate kiss.
Castiel pinned him with a determined frown, “I’m an angel, Sam. Even with my grace weakened I am better equipped to handle an attacker.”
It’s not like he usually got this blissed out after masturbating, hell he was pretty sure he didn’t get this cheerful even after sex. Dean just figured it was cause he hadn’t gotten laid in so long and that had been a
Then just as suddenly as the tingling started, it faded. Dean’s breath was heavy like he’d run a marathon, but instead of sore his muscles felt relaxed. Dean was exhausted but, for the first time since he’d gotten the mark, he felt peaceful.
Dean snorted, “What the hell makes you think I’d join you again? I don’t even have the mark anymore, that demon lapdog is gone.”
we can. I mean, he sacrificed himself for us. That’s gotta count for something, right?”
Dean would have been happier at the news if Cas didn’t appear to be deliberately avoiding his gaze. And was Dean crazy or was Cas… blushing?
Sam scoffed at that and Gabriel pouted, “Hey give me
Geez, did he already step over some boundary? Were wings meant to be kept private or something? God, was he basically perving on Cas by even looking at them? Sam cleared his throat obviously trying to clear the tension that was starting to fill the room.
Meanwhile, Dean stumbled at the end of the stairs causing Castiel to wrap both arms around him in an attempt to steady the man. Sam suspected Dean wasn’t nearly as drunk as he appeared, he practically lived on alcohol after all, he was probably overacting to keep Castiel close. Sam rolled his eyes at the pair. Dean was grinning, staring into Castiel’s eyes with so much fondness that Sam wanted to yell “get a room.”
“It’s quite an interesting series,” Castiel spoke casually, “Although I am still unsure what ‘Game’ the title is referring to.”
each other. I almost left the room-”
“Yeah I know, I’m awesome. It’s not like I mind having an excuse to hang out with Cas all day anyway,” Charlie assured her.
“Then your soul would not be affected. Your soul is what rejects those acts, it does not take damage from them. A soul is only darkened if an individual feels no regret for what they’ve done. Those who are truly evil, aren’t capable of remorse,” Hannah explained.
“I am soooo glad you asked, because I have been dying to spill the big news all damn morning. Why do humans have to sleep anyways? It’s so inconvenient,” Gabriel whined.
. My soul’s got to be blacker than soot after all the terrible things I’ve done, even before the mark. He deserves so much better than me.”
“She is a very loyal friend. I am grateful to have her company,” Castiel agreed.
Tentatively Castiel began removing his trenchcoat and shirt. It wasn’t
he had to stop him.
“Cas-” Dean began but Cas interrupted him.
physically. I did not wish to alarm you, I know my wings may be disconcerting.”
Sam sighed and then looked reserved, “Okay, okay. Look you’re really not going to like it but it may be Cas’s only chance and I swear we can trust him. I mean, I
“Woah, that feels really weird,” Charlie announced before hastily amending, “not bad weird! I mean, it feels like my entire body has ‘pins and needles.’”
An enormous grin spread across Gabriel’s face at his words but his tone remained light, “Always happy to help a fellow Trickster. Anyway, I better get going before your little sleepover guests wake up. I’m not quite ready to meet Red just yet.”
After what must have been an internal struggle for Cas, he looked up at Dean defeatedly.
“Ah, yeah. Um, sure,” Dean muttered, trepidation swirling among his quickly growing pile of emotions. Castiel realised then that he’d missed feeling Dean’s emotions, even if he couldn’t really understand them. Their presence was reassuring. They were the most solid reminder of Dean’s humanity, proof that the demon was truly gone for good. It also made Castiel feel infinitely closer to the human, even if Dean wanted him gone.
“Castiel thought Dean and I were romantically involved? That’s ridiculous! The idea that I would ever steal a mate from him, does he really think so low of me?” Hannah gaped, obviously offended.
Unfortunately, Dean knew their alone time couldn’t last. As much as he hated to admit it, Hannah had a right to know Cas was awake. She’d obviously been worried about him, even if she didn’t seem inclined to show it. Without the constant checking in, Dean might have been fooled into thinking she was just as calm as she appeared. Or he
Sam beamed at him, “I appreciate that, Cas. It’s good to know someone will be there for him if I can’t.”
“Why exactly are we here?” Sam grumbled as he watched his brother head to the bar again. They’d appeared in the booth on the other side of the room moments after Dean and Hannah sat down. One moment he was gratefully enjoying the peace and quiet of finally being alone in the bunker, the next Gabriel had popped in and flown them there without explanation.
“I do,” Sam nodded firmly, then he added with a smirk, “now come on, you should go check on your
“Oh god, Sam make it stop. I’ve already suffered enough eye sex between the other two,” Gabriel complained. At his words, Hannah immediately dropped her gaze, her cheeks flaring a soft pink, which caused Charlie to flash Gabriel an annoyed glare.
didn’t help that she was currently
Gabriel hopped off the table fervently, “Yeah I thought so. I got you something.”
Dean was partly right. Her wings were “daintier”, as he’d put, but it wasn’t because her vessel was female. Castiel had the wings of a soldier, while Hannah had been created for internal affairs in Heaven. She was no soldier. In fact, she’d likely have never even left Heaven had it not been for the fall. But, as she glanced at the brightness of Charlie’s soul beside her, for the first time she found herself glad that she’d fallen.
He could hardly believe these were the same wings he’d laid eyes on hours ago. They seemed so much larger now, Dean realised, stretching far across the room in a limp blanket of feathers. The shadows he’d seen all those years ago seemed like a poor imitation compared to the real thing now. Dean’s fingers twitched as he resisted the urge to stroke his fingers through the massive black wings.
and that couldn’t possibly end well.
, that many of the runaways have returned upon hearing my news of Gabriel’s return. I believe the fear of upsetting an archangel has provided the perfect incentive for any angels who doubted returning to heaven was the right choice,” Hannah explained proudly.
She hesitated, eyeing them both methodically.
“He’s not dead, Sam!” he growled before anxiously snapping at Hannah, “look, can you tell us what’s wrong with him or
Dean tried to hold back the grin that desperately wanted to spread across his face. Cas was going to be here indefinitely! He’d get to wake up every day knowing his angel was somewhere in this very bunker.
,” Sam trailed off.
Sam couldn’t deny he’d thought about it. Way too often he’d had to remind them of his presence when they’d stare at each other for way longer than was strictly platonic. And sure, there’d been a few times over the years he’d caught Dean checking out another man when he thought his brother wasn’t looking. But it wasn’t Sam’s business to pry into his brother’s personal life, if Dean wanted to keep his sexuality to himself then that was up to him.
“Yeah well turns out
Dean scoffed, “Excuse me but I can handle my liquor, unlike
“She’s with Charlie, I think they might be in the library,” Sam told Castiel unsurely, dashing Castiel’s hopes.
Sam kept his face neutral as he replied, “Dude, calm down. Can’t you just tell Gabe to reverse it?”
“Cas, you’re here!” Dean cried loudly, jumping from the booth and clumsily pulling Castiel into a hug. Castiel stiffened at the unexpected contact but soon melted into Dean’s touch. However, upon catching sight of Charlie, Dean quickly let go to drag Charlie into a tight bear hug. Charlie noted Castiel's disappointmeant at the loss of contact but her attention was quickly drawn back to Dean.
Dean shrugged noncommittally, “I needed to get out of the bunker.”
“Don’t worry, Angel. I’ll protect you,” Charlie flirted before she could help herself.  Hannah titled her head in that endearing angel way.
“Why? What could he possibly have to gain?” Gabriel asked incredulously.
“Sounds fine with me. It’s not like she’s gonna need a room anyway since she doesn’t sleep. Just no wild angel parties,” Dean warned her, attempting to hide his annoyance with humour. Hannah obviously didn’t get the joke because she just squinted at him in that universal confused angel way.
“Yeah but
Dean couldn’t help his own flush, at the thought of being “intimate” with Cas. Dean knew he had to stop Cas soon. He wasn’t sure he could hear much more of what he’d be missing out on after he turned Cas down. It was hard enough already without hearing about all these “traditions” Cas wanted to live out with Dean. Cas deserved all that stuff with a real angel, he was sure Hannah would know all about this stuff already. Dean couldn’t compete with an angel, even if he wasn’t broken.
Thankfully the nauseated feeling passed and she let out a sigh of relief, looking curiously around at their new surroundings. They were in the parking lot of a bar, alone spare for a few patrons smoking by the door. She wondered how they missed two people appearing out of nowhere. Did Castiel check that kind of stuff? Did he like, wait for the exact moment and place no one was looking before he landed? Or maybe he just wiped the memories of any unexpected witnesses?
sulking, on a secluded beach in Cuba while sipping idly at a mojito. He was in the middle of trying his hardest
the broken shell of a man he’d once believed?
Sam had apparently left the room while he wasn’t paying attention, because he suddenly returned carrying a pile of old books. He placed them on Dean’s desk before turning towards Hannah and Dean determinedly.
Dean flashed her a half-hearted glare but it melted into a smirk of his own.
“Nice, huh? I got another memory foam mattress,” Dean informed him smugly as he gracefully climbed over the angel to settle upon his lap. He felt Dean’s firm cock press against his own through their underwear and he hissed at the subtle hint of friction. Dean leaned in unbearably close, his lips brushing against the sensitive skin of the angel’s earlobe as he purred, “How 'bout we make some memories?"
“Aww come on, not that stick in the mud. She’s no fun at all,” Gabriel moaned.
Sam was determined to tell Dean the truth, but the elder Winchester had disappeared before dawn and had been MIA all morning off doing god only knows what with Hannah. Even Cas and Charlie had vanished with barely any explanation, leaving only a post-it note simply saying “Cas and I are off to Hogwarts, don’t wait up! –Charlie”. Sam would have been more worried if he hadn’t been so wracked with guilt. In fact his guilt was even worse now that he’d clearly hurt Gabriel as well.
“Brother, may I give you some advice?” Hannah offered calmly.
“Don’t pretend you’re not enjoying this just as much as I am. I’ve seen the two of you in a pranking war, remember? You love messing with your brother just as much as I do. I’d say you’re a bit of a trickster yourself, Samsquatch,” Gabriel teased knowingly.
good orgasm. Like mind-blowingly good if he was being honest with himself. Dean hadn’t gotten worked up that fast since he was a teenager.
Charlie rushed to reassure the angel, “No, no it’s fine, you haven’t. It’s just… a big decision.”
you were dealing with the Mark of Cain. But Cas isn’t just your friend any more, he’s your
Dean perked up, intrigued, “You mean you’ve been courted before?”
“Hey now. None of that praying business, it’s just rude. Besides, you think I haven’t already angel-proofed the entire building? Your prayers aren’t reaching your little angel, so don’t even try.”
Cas into a marriage that neither of us even wanted and he’d
one year felt like five to me. Time moves differently in Oz and let me tell you, after spending five years with someone the break-up is
“In angel tradition, the offering of one’s feather means an intention to pursue someone as a potential mate. If the feather is accepted, it means the other accepts their advances,” Cas quickly explained.
They’d had this same argument every time Sam returned from a hunt, so Dean knew what his brother was going to say before he'd even opened his mouth. However, before Sam could start they were interrupted by a loud knocking on the bunker door. They glanced at each other apprehensively before reaching for their respective weapons. The brothers hesitated at the door, Sam throwing Dean a “cover me” signal before finally opening it slowly. Dean quickly followed the action, pointing his gun towards the two figures in the doorway before recognizing them. Cas was unconscious, his arm wrapped over Hannah’s shoulder who carried his weight effortlessly. Dean dropped his gun instantly, rushing forward to help carry Cas inside, ignoring Hannah when she assured him it was unnecessary.
“Although considering my current state, I don’t think I’d do a very good job,” Hannah admitted.
Before Castiel could even begin describing where Dean would find them, Dean’s hands moved expertly finding one of his uropygial glands hidden within the feathers.
Castiel held back the urge to interrogate Hannah as Dean finally exited the room. They had a right to their privacy, Castiel argued with himself, besides he really wasn’t sure he wanted to hear it. What he’d witnessed was painful enough without hearing the finer details. So instead he grabbed the first book on archangels he could find and began burying himself in his work. His task right now was to find Gabriel, he could succumb to heartbreak later.
“Are you sure? I don’t want to make you uncomfortable again. We don’t have to rush anything,” Dean insisted, despite his obvious desperation for more. His pupils were blown, skin was flushed and lips were kiss-bruised and still slick with spit. He looked entirely too tempting to be suggesting they stop, Castiel decided firmly.
“Sup bitche- Um bitch?” A female voice announced from the upstairs entrance doorway. Castiel’s head snapped up to view the culprit. She had short red hair and wore modern clothes, so she didn’t appear to be a time traveller at least. He noticed she was holding a large talisman in her right hand, which Castiel soon realised must be the key she’d used to get there.
,” Dean clarified carefully, but Cas only looked even more confused and he began to feel a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“Says the man who literally
Dean scoffed, “I’m just gonna tell him Gabriel tricked me and I didn’t know what I was agreeing to. You know,
********
“It was just a simple salt and burn. The drive there and back was more exhausting to be honest,” Sam grumbled. Dean tried unsuccessfully to ignore the jealous twinge that ran through him, even a salt and burn was starting to sound appealing.
“Yeah actually, how come I can see her wings but not Gabe’s?” Dean added curiously.
Gabriel reached into his pocket quickly and handed Sam a large, golden feather. Not just a feather, Sam realised, it was a quill.
Sam fidgeted, looking at Dean with a mixture of excitement and wariness. Suddenly Dean was wide awake. He knew that look, Sam obviously wanted to tell him something important but was worried how he'd react.
********
“Look I know I’ve screwed up a lot lately, but I just needed to find a way to show you how much you mean to me. You said nests were a symbol of commitment, right? Well this was supposed to be my way of showing you that I’m serious about this, about
********
Sam sighed but couldn’t help the twitch of a smirk form at the corner of his mouth, “Look I’m kind of busy here, Gabe. Something really bizarre is going on with the hunting levels in the area. I need to figure out what’s causing it.”
show up, you’re here aren’t you?” Sam pointed out exasperatedly.
“At first I believed it was over-stress from not allowing himself to heal properly before returning to the mission,” Hannah explained, placing Cas gently on the couch Sam had been sitting on earlier, “but on the journey here I noticed some of his feathers returning.”
“Heya Cas, I see your wings are looking much better,” Dean pointed out, unable to ignore the large appendages arched behind Cas’s back.
“Look Charlie, you can’t-”
Cheat? God we’re not
“A broken heart? This isn’t a real marriage, Sammy!” Dean insisted.
,” Charlie snapped accusingly.
“Fascinating, the mark appears to harbour a portion of Castiel’s grace,” Hannah marvelled.
“In case you want to continue the “family legacy” and start writing a bunch of research journals like the old farts who used to run this place. I’ll even help you enhance your angel knowledge collection, I noticed it was a bit lacking in Castiel’s time of need. Plus it couldn’t hurt to spread the angel wisdom while I’m here and I
But, of course, there was no denying it. All the signs pointed to the obvious conclusion.
siblings. No wonder Dean fell for her, she was practically female Cas. She was obviously the “safe” option for Dean’s internalised homophobia. Although Charlie had to admit, Hannah had a pretty attractive vessel. Unfortunately she couldn’t focus on checking her out with that intense gaze trained on her.
. If there was ever an angel that deserved emotions it would be Cas.”
Prolonged eye contact had already been established, so Dean checked that off the list. Flashing the other man a flirtatious grin, he raised his beer bottle in a small gesture of greeting and waited for the man’s reaction. When the gesture was returned and the other man not only flashed a grin of his own but a wink, Dean knew he had assumed correctly.
His thoughts were interrupted as he heard the entrance of the bunker give way. He reached for the gun under his pillow in practiced precaution, heading to determine the visitor. He lowered the gun once he realised it was just Sam.
“Stay with me… Please don’t leave me… I need you too… I love you, Dean.”
in this case, that Gabriel would join them.
Despite what many people think, there’s no standard criteria a gay man would fit into. Dean was proof enough that the feminine stereotype was complete bullshit. Sure there were guys out there who enjoyed the flamboyant stereotype and quite happily embraced it, but assuming all gays were going to appear that way was ignorant. So instead of judging from appearance, Dean would determine a guy’s interest by certain interactions.
harbour any feelings for Gabriel then I greatly encourage you to notify him. He’s under the impression that you could never return his feelings and has been moping around Heaven for weeks. There are very few bonding rituals left for him to complete and I’m afraid once he has fulfilled his duty towards me that he will disappear once again,” Hannah informed him sternly.
“Well no shit, I’m making them pretty clear here, Cas. I’m pretty pissed off! Don’t think changing the subject is getting you out of this,” Dean warned, although his words no longer held any weight.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, she kinda helped me put this together. I know I’m probably supposed to do it alone but I had no idea where to even start. I wouldn’t have been able to do this without her,” he confessed sheepishly.
Castiel’s mind referred back to the confusing outburst of emotions he’d experienced from Dean earlier, as well as his sudden departure from the room. He hadn’t given the behaviour much thought since, brushing it off as human unpredictability. But he supposed Sam’s explanation made sense. Dean obviously needed some time to process the adjustment.
“Morning, looks like you two sorted everything out,” Sam noted casually, attempting to hide his smirk by sipping at his morning coffee.
Castiel watched the other man leave at a complete loss. Despite his time spent as one, it appeared he still didn’t understand humans at all. They were just so illogical, their mood swings seemed entirely random. Castiel sighed in resignation, knowing he would probably never truly understand humans.
different experience, Castiel decided. His attention was wrenched back as Dean began to tease his left uropygial gland once again. It was still sensitive from the earlier attention and Castiel held back a moan, surprised to find he still had some oil left as it squirted onto Dean’s fingers. Dean inspected the oil coating his fingers before readily bringing them between his thighs. Castiel’s eyes widened as he realised what Dean was about to do, using
Cas who was probably still very new to the idea of washing himself. Dean couldn’t help imagining Cas purposefully sliding his hands across his naked body, taking the task as seriously as he would any angel mission. He’d probably take his time too, making sure to lather the soap across every surface thoroughly. Maybe even hesitating slightly before tentatively trailing a hand down his stomach towards-
He had just enough chance to glance at the caller ID before the phone was snatched out of his hand.
“Dean, why can I sense your emotions?” Castiel asked in confusion.
“Oh god, Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean stammered reaching out for the angel apologetically.
of his worries. In fact, he was surprised he’d even managed to fall asleep in the first place, considering the horrible guilt that had overwhelmed him after Cas left. Exhaustion and lingering intoxication must have finally gotten the better of him. But unfortunately, the sweet ignorance sleep had brought him was over now and he was once again faced with what he’d done last night.
But where? There were so many doors and the magic almost felt like it was coming from everywhere at once. He may not be able to find it in time before whoever, or
me when I accepted it, I thought it was just a quill. Besides, it wasn’t a lovers spat, we’re not like that,” Sam insisted, flushing red.
He needed to talk to someone. But there was no way he was talking to Cas about this, especially considering how torn up he looked when he'd stormed out of Dean’s room. And he couldn’t talk to Sam about this, he’d never let him live it down. There’d be jokes about ‘chick flick moments’ for
Dean pressed his face into his shirt, still scrunched in his hand, muffling his sigh. He really couldn’t deal with these resurfacing feelings right now, especially not with his current situation. This was exactly why he’d determinedly never let himself even consider their friendship becoming something more. He would remind himself of this fact any time they shared a particularly long stare. He told himself this again when he went to 2014 and realised maybe Cas might actually be the first person in his life willing to stay. And especially, in those terrible moments where Dean thought Cas was lost forever, when his heart would ache with such a deep loss that he could swear a part of him died with Cas.
“And how long will that take?” Dean asked, attempting to sound indifferent.
“Dean?” Cas grumbled, his gravelly voice coming out even deeper with grogginess.
?” she whined, cracking a smile at her own joke, “At
Yet again he was easily convinced, soon finding himself gently dragging Cas’s sleeping form towards him. Thankfully Cas didn’t wake from the slight jostling, simply shifting dozily as his head found its new resting place upon Dean’s chest. Cas automatically searched out Dean’s warmth, his legs tangling around Dean’s right one.
“That’s great to hear, man. We were really worried,” Sam replied before adding, “especially Dean.”
“Yep!” she announced, proudly pulling down the side of her pants unashamedly to expose the red handprint on her left hip.
“You shouldn’t drink and drive, Dean. The last thing we need is for you to die just after getting your life back,” Sam chastised him.
“Thank you but I believe my presence is better suited here-” Hannah objected.
Dean spoke before he could go, “Stop apologising, man. I don’t mind, really.”
in that moment, like they were real newlyweds, regarding Cas with so much adoration that Dean had felt drunk with the feeling. He hadn’t even felt like sex was needed until Cas had instigated the make-out session. Dean would have been happy just to stay there, caressing Cas’s wings, for as long as Cas had let him. Just being with Cas in that moment, had left him feeling completely content. Which was just downright terrifying to realise.
Sam’s face paled and he became instantly worried, cursing under his breath.
The cruel irony was that Castiel would be doomed to literally
“That’s my cue!” Gabriel declared and with a snap of his fingers, he was gone. Not gone, Sam reminded himself, no doubt the trickster was still lurking around here somewhere. There’s no way he would miss the ‘big show’.
********
“Anyway aren’t you being summoned? What are you doing in the kitchen?” Sam whispered anxiously.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand in his, lacing their fingers together, before announcing, “Yep, it’s official.”
“Fine, but I reserve the right to call it off if it goes too far,” Sam begrudgingly agreed.
The hunter quietly slipped into the building and Castiel was forced to wait anxiously as each ward gradually became inactive. The very second the last of the warding disappeared, Castiel flew the remaining distance despite his wings' protests. He fought through the pain, empowered by his outrage and newfound proximity to Dean’s soul, managing not to collapse as he landed.
Gabe didn’t appear concerned at all, “Summoning isn’t some instantaneous booty call, you know. Powerful beings have the option to answer or not. The only reason I came last time was cause you caught me off guard. You can’t get me to show up again so easily, especially when I’m expecting it.”
Gabriel looked dramatically offended, “How dare you! Creative genius like this doesn’t just ‘run out’.”
“No way,
The words hit Dean harder than they would have before because he no longer agreed. His soul wasn’t the twisted mess he’d once believed it was. Hell Cas said it was the purest he’d ever seen and he sure as hell trusted Cas’s word over Crowley’s.
“Sam, I believe Hannah should be arriving shor- Oh. Hello Dean,” Cas froze when he spotted Dean, eyes going wide for a moment before dropping to the ground.
“I’m gonna help you win back your man, of course!” Charlie stated proudly.
“It’s not as interesting a story as you’d think. Michael was always looking for ways to suck up to the Big Man. So he came up with a design to increase productivity. It was a simple idea, bond a guardian angel’s grace to the soul of their charge. And viola! The angel now experienced everything their charge felt, could always tell when they’re in danger, yada yada yada. It all seemed foolproof. That is, until it was put into practise,” Gabriel shrugged.
“Ok look, I found a spell in one of the books to summon an angel,” Sam explained hesitantly, “so I was thinking who do we know that’s an angel who cares about Cas
Cas had shared that same expression when he’d found out about Gabe’s survival as well. Sometimes Dean forgot Archangels were practically royalty among angels, especially when Gabe acted so immature all the time.
Castiel beamed at him widely, “Of course, Dean. This is the best outcome I could have imagined.”
“Of course. I am sorry if I have made you feel pressured in any way. That was not my intention,” Hannah apologised quickly, her stoic voice almost sounding nervous.
,” he corrected, “He’s risked his life to save us, countless times. He was a
As if reading his thoughts, the feathers lining the closest wing trembled slightly. The movement would have been almost imperceptible had Dean not been staring so intently. He held his breath, tensing in anticipation, as he watched for any other signs of life. He didn’t have to wait long as soon both wings sluggishly started to shift position. Ever so slowly they arched up, folding themselves towards the bed as they drew close to Cas’s back.
Dean was running his fingers through his hair anxiously and Sam couldn’t help the laughter that escaped him at Dean’s obvious discomfort. He tried to cover it with a string of coughs, which obviously didn’t work because Dean glared at him.
Gabriel conjured a lollipop, tapping it against his lips in pretend contemplation.
Besides, Castiel knew she was far better suited to lead the angels than he was. The world would no doubt be better off without him. At least then he couldn’t cause anyone, especially Dean, anymore unnecessary grief. Their last encounter was just more proof that he only brought pain to those he loves.
“That is excellent news. Your bond is truly miraculous, it has saved his life multiple times now,” Hannah noted impressed.
chosen Dean over the angels, multiple times. So many times, in fact, that Dean honestly should have guessed Cas’s true feelings sooner. Hell he’d given up an
Warning: Spoilers for Season 15 episode 18. Full disclosure I haven't actually seen the episode yet, just the one clip on tumblr.
He’d just have to accept that they’d find happiness with each other and be happy for them in turn. Unfortunately, Castiel realised as another flash of envy flared through him at that thought, it was easier said than done.
Dean looked at him expectantly but Sam didn’t continue. He really didn’t have the patience for whatever Sam’s problem was and Cas really didn’t have the time.
“What do you think? Angels were exposed to human emotions. The guardian angels developed
Sam stayed silent because he couldn’t find any acceptable excuse for their actions. He’d known letting Cas think Dean and Hannah were a couple was wrong but he’d allowed Gabe to convince him otherwise. He knew they were just as much at fault, even if they hadn’t planted the idea in the first place.
hope for his brother and Cas’s happiness. It also meant their crazy scheme didn’t seem so ‘crazy’ anymore. Dean might even thank them one day. That is, if they ever managed to pull this off. Getting those two together was proving more difficult than he’d first thought.
here, that he actually hadn’t left the bunker like he previously thought.
His attention was drawn quickly back to Cas, however, as the angel softly spoke. It was so quiet Dean almost missed it. But there was no mistaking what he’d heard.
no less. This was just the twist of the knife his heart really hadn’t needed.
He felt dirty and sick with guilt, like he’d cheated on Cas for real. Their marriage wasn’t real, but Cas’s feeling were and Dean had completely disregarded them tonight. Even though he hadn’t gone through with sleeping with Sean, the betrayal still felt just as significant. The part of him that had wanted to stay loyal to Cas, that had been filling him with a sense of dread ever since he decided on picking someone up, was disgusted with himself. And Dean found he didn’t disagree.
“Fine, just go already then! Why are you even still here? Surely your time is too
“Of course, Dean. I think this nest is definitely worth keeping.”
“No, no. It’s not that,” Dean assured him, “any other time I would have been all over you.”
he should try to get as close to Cas as possible right? It was the honourable thing to do, he assured himself.
That is, until Dean’s eyes caught his own within his reflection, wiping the goofy smile off his face quickly. No. He couldn’t let himself fall into the trap of reminiscing. He’d spent too many years forcing himself to ignore how important Cas had become to him, looking back would only make it harder.
“Hey now, leave the moose alone. It was just a little bit of fun and we barely did anything. It’s not our fault those two are naturally self-destructive,” Gabriel challenged defensively.
Dean almost sighed out loud. Well someone had to be the voice of reason, guess it was up to him to be the bad guy here.
Gabriel’s grin grew even wider pointing to himself exaggeratedly, “Helloooooo Trickster!”
Dean was silent as he contemplated this. He’d never thought of it that way before. Yet it was exactly the kind of straightforward logic he needed to hear. None of this, “you’re a good person, Dean”, “everyone makes mistakes”, “it wasn’t your fault, it was the mark” crap. He didn’t want people telling him what he did was okay, because he knew it wasn’t. No amount of apologising or feeling bad about it would make that stuff go away.
The culmination of their life forces rapidly mingled along their arms and spread throughout their whole bodies, until they were one being. Hannah was suddenly hit by a wave of emotions she had never experienced before; anxiousness, trepidation, excitement, determination and admiration were among the few she was able to put a name to thanks to Charlie’s knowledge. There were no feelings or thoughts hidden between them in this moment. As she stared into the girl’s striking green eyes, Hannah knew without a doubt that they both knew how they felt for one another.
“I’d say it’s been fun but that’d be a lie,” Gabriel continued coolly. He didn’t wait for the man’s response before he snapped his fingers, fleeing from the scene altogether. He’d had enough playing Winchester. He’d never be one of them; he just wasn’t cut out for it. Gabriel didn’t know why he’d ever fooled himself into thinking otherwise.
“You can’t be serious, that’s gotta be at least a
Oh, who was he kidding? Cas was gonna freak. He was going to lose the best friend he’d ever had just because he’d been stupid enough to trust a Trickster. Dean knew there was no way Cas would be able to forgive him. He’d forced the guy into a commitment that he’d probably have to honour for the rest of his life. Or the rest of Dean’s life, he supposed. Oh god, what if this lasted even
us,” Dean choked out the words reluctantly.
“Can we get this show on the road already? I don’t want to be in this stupid bunker any longer than I have to be,” Gabriel growled impatiently behind Hannah. Hannah’s wings ruffled in annoyance at the archangel’s poor attitude. She couldn’t believe she’d once held him in such high esteem. Gabriel was nothing like what she’d expected the archangel to be. He acted more like an infant human, getting satisfaction from playing tricks on others and throwing tantrums.
“All entries into Heaven have been restored and the souls trapped on Earth have been welcomed into their Heavens safely. However, many of us cannot perform our previous duties properly with our wings inactive. Human travel is slow and ineffective for the collection of souls,” Jehoel informed him tensely, “alarmingly several human souls have complained that, to quote, “you don’t drive to Heaven” and have refused to go with their Reapers because they fear they're to be taken to Hell instead. The number of restless souls on Earth has tripled in the last month alone. Sir, what are your orders?”
The hardest part of all was that Dean knew if Cas were to ask him outright, there was no way he’d be able to lie about his feelings for the angel. But Dean was adamant that Cas deserved better, even if that meant he’d have to break his own heart as well.
why, the fall was my fault. I have to salvage what’s left of my family.”
“Yeah well,
“We’re attempting to summon Gabriel,” Cas informed without looking up from the spell he was brewing. The ingredients bubbled unpleasantly within the pot. So that’s why this seemed familair, he’d been preparing this same ritual only a week ago. Well it
They soon gravitated back towards each other’s lips, already addicted to the taste of one another. Castiel didn’t think he’d ever tire of feeling Dean’s lips against his own. Castiel exulted in the realisation that this was merely the beginning of many kisses they’d share in the future. Now that he knew Dean wanted to be his mate,
“Now you do the same for the underside of the wings. These feathers are much more… sensitive so a gentle approach is advised,” Castiel deadpanned, his heart thumping in his chest. He sat up hesitantly, turning to face Dean slowly.
Dean looked exasperated, “Well yeah but Cas is special, I mean this isn’t just a one-time deal. Besides, Cas said something about angel courting stuff. You know, cleaning his wings and making a nest.”
, don’t tell me you don’t see how those two look at each other,” Gabriel insisted.
“Yes you do. Goddammit! I knew this wouldn’t be good enough for you, but Hannah said it was okay so I thought maybe… Fuck I’m such an idiot!” Dean rambled miserably.
Cas stared at him in disbelief, unable to comprehend what he’d just heard.
be an issue,” Clarissa purred, despite her boss’s absence.
Gabriel shook his head regretfully, “You can’t heal an angel with foreign grace. The only way to save them would be to replenish their original grace. But grace doesn’t heal, except in rare circum-”
After a moment his eyes widened in understanding, “Ah I get it now. So you went and got yourself the Mark of Cain. It's corruption is visible all throughout your soul. Geez, you two just love throwing yourselves under the bus, don’t you?”
Sam looked hesitant for a moment before saying, “Look I know Dean’s probably acted a bit ’moody’ since the bond. But you’re just going to have to be patient with him. He’s sharing his
“Isn’t it a bit early to be marrying someone you only met a few days ago? Charlie, did you even know angel marriage is
part of his bed. He whipped his hand back, falling out of the bed clumsily before diving for the light switch. His breath hitched as he caught sight of what his hand had brushed against. Wings.
Sure, Dean could admit Cas was attractive. Okay fine, he was
Meanwhile, Dean trailed his own hands over his chest, mimicking the movements of dream Cas’s hands. He imagined Cas’s lips breaking from his own only to continue on a journey down his neck, nibbling at the skin teasingly. He could feel himself growing harder at the images, heart rate beginning to pick up loudly in his ears as the fantasy continued.
Crowley snapped his fingers in front of Dean’s face impatiently until he opened his eyes.
Sam grasped for an excuse when an idea hit him.
Of course Dean wouldn’t appreciate such plain and ugly wings as his when Hannah’s wings were so pretty. They were as blue as a clear sky and though they were wounded in the fall they remained just as lovely. Hannah’s wings were delicate and slender, typical for Heaven’s internal angels. Before the fall Hannah had been one of Naomi’s garrison, rarely venturing from Heaven’s walls.
“He was merely given the grace of another angel. It was only a matter of time before it was drained too,” Hannah explained regretfully, “I admit I am partly to blame. I should have realised his limits, he used his powers far too often on our journey. Adina’s grace was wasted quickly.”
He cleared his throat loudly, causing the two angels’ heads to snap towards him.
It didn’t take long to lead Sean to the Impala, which was parked far enough away from the bar that their activities wouldn’t be noticed. There were no more words exchanged, they both knew what the arrangement was between them. This was strictly business, which was more than good enough for Dean. It had been so long since he’d picked up a guy and he found himself eager, despite the reluctance swirling around in his gut.
Sean hadn’t noticed yet, or if he had he hadn’t mentioned it. Instead the other man was trailing kisses down his neck, taking a moment to nibble at his earlobe. Dean’s head lolled back, allowing more skin for Sean to explore, closing his eyes to enjoy the pleasant sensation. Sean was very good with his mouth and usually Dean would have been thrilled to find such a skilled lover. But despite this, Dean still wasn’t hard.
********
Cas turned back and flashed Dean a soft smile.
Sam fidgeted under the force of her glare, guilt coursing through him.
“How is he?” Hannah asked, all of a sudden standing behind him.
“If you’re not planning on finishing those pancakes, I’ll be happy to take them off your hands,” Sam offered, gesturing to the abandoned pan and bottle of batter.
********
Dean refused to admit that he missed the damn thing, but acknowledged that he definitely didn’t mind its return. It had been a symbol of, not only Dean’s resurrection but, the angel who’d risked his own life to pull him out of hell.
“The one and only,” Gabriel replied with a dramatic bow.
“Do humans not move into a home together when they commit?” Hannah pointed out.
“Gross, I don’t wanna hear that,” Sam complained, but couldn’t help adding, “…what else do you know?”
Hannah didn’t appear concerned, in fact, she flashed him a rare smile.
But there had been no change in Cas’s condition. In fact, the only sign that Cas was even healing at all were his wings. When Dean had first seen them they’d been little more than bony husks. There’d been hardly any feathers left clinging to the structures at all. They appeared so frail that Dean was afraid even breathing too close would cause the straggling few to fall. However, much to Dean’s relief, the feathers gradually began to grow back. It had been both fascinating and mesmerising. Dean barely even noticed as the hours ticked by, totally engrossed in the process. One by one they had appeared, littering each new section with glossy black feathers until finally they covered the wings completely.
are Charlie. I have heard much about you. Unfortunately they are not currently here but they should return shortly. You may wait for them if you like.”
, Sam. Why do you think I’m sitting here, drinking a beer at 6am in the fricking morning?”
He pushed his fears aside and forced himself to nod. If it was for Cas’s sake, he’d just have to shove his feelings deep down so he could stay with the angel. Even if just the idea of being alone with him made Dean’s heart race and his stomach flip nervously.
“He doesn’t know… I never even… God, why didn’t I just
Instead Castiel said, “I didn’t realise my departure would cause you such distress, Dean. You know I would not have done so if it wasn’t necessary.”
I hope everyone enjoyed this fic. I had so much fun writing it. Thanks to everyone for the kudos and comments, they literally make my day :D
“Really? How?” Sam asked, instantly intrigued.
“Well for instance, your big brother snuck out a week ago for some rebound sex after Cassie left-” Gabriel began before Sam interrupted.
“Sure, sure. Whatever you say, Sammy,” Gabriel teased. Sam didn’t bother defending himself any more, knowing it would be pointless and just make him look guiltier.
he could look after himself.
Hannah nodded accepting the book and sitting on the edge of the bed carefully. Dean sat on the other side, glancing at Cas warily. He was so thin and pale, Dean noticed fearfully, the rise and fall of his chest was the only indicator that he wasn’t already dead. His mind flashed to all the times he’d almost lost Cas, each loss more painful than the last.
Sam was reminded just how powerful Gabriel actually was, it was both impressive and disturbing.
“Is that CAB?” Charlie asked with a wide grin. Castiel instantly became flustered, Sam must have changed his ringtone again. Why must the younger Winchester pick these embarrassingly ironic ringtones constantly? Last time he’d chosen ‘Angel’ by Madonna.
something didn’t add up,” Charlie snickered.
“Very well, sir,” Jehoel nodded stoically, although his wings fluffed in obvious annoyance. Castiel and Hannah’s constant absences were likely becoming an irritation for their secretary. Castiel made a mental note to spend more time in Heaven once his grace was fully healed. It’d be an excuse to avoid seeing Dean and Hannah after their courtship was no doubt finalised. It wouldn’t be long knowing Dean’s other conquests, he was surprised it hadn’t happened already, Castiel thought ruefully.
“Am I doing okay?” Dean asked anxiously. Castiel almost laughed. Was he doing
Charlie looked taken aback, “Seriously? I mean, this stuff is so mundane compared to what you’re probably used to seeing every day. I can’t even imagine all the amazing things angels can do. This couldn’t even compare.”
“Not like you care. You abandoned him. Abandoned all of us. Do you even know what kind of shit’s been going down while you’ve been gone!?” Dean growled at Gabriel furiously.
“I know, I know. It was a stupid plan,” Gabriel admitted, his heart clenching. He knew Sam would be mad when he found out but he hadn’t prepared himself for the actual confrontation.
But to his surprise, Cas answered for him, “They are nothing special, Sam. I merely have one set of large black wings, similar to a crow, they are nothing compared to many others. Especially considering the magnificence of an archangel’s wings. Gabriel himself has three sets of stunning golden wings. I hope I may see him again, even if it is just to thank him for performing the ritual.”
They were drawn close to him, in the same position they’d moved to when Cas first woke up.
many times. I mean, for
Castiel resisted the urge to say ‘I know’, as this would probably just upset the man further.
Without another word Castiel hastily left the library, heading in the direction of Dean’s room. He was just making sure nothing was wrong, Castiel attempted to calm himself, it was likely just a nightmare. But as Dean’s emotions became even more panicked, Castiel found himself walking faster.
Dean more than anything wanted to say ‘hell no’, but Cas was looking at him so excitedly he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. Besides, he did kind of owe Hannah for bringing Cas here and helping save Cas’s life.
“I'm sorry but I don't follow,” Castiel admitted, feeling quite confused. She visibly composed herself.
“It was. How was I supposed to know giving someone a feather was angel code for ‘please date me’? Couldn’t you just ask me on a fricking date like a normal person? No. Instead you give me no warning and then up and leave. I had to get Hannah to fly me all the way up here because you won’t even answer my prayers.”
Looking up, he noticed Sam was watching him expectantly. Castiel swallowed, trying to hide the disarray that was going on in his head. But he couldn’t ignore the sudden impulse to soothe and comfort that was rising within him.
The thought startled her, as had the various other intrusive thoughts she’d experienced the longer she spent with the human. It was no denying Hannah was captivated by Charlie, more so than she’d ever been by any other human being or even angel. Charlie was so upbeat and lively, her personality as bright as her soul, and was a clear opposite to the angel’s usually stoic nature. Yet Hannah couldn’t help but feel drawn to her, both emotionally and physically. With every accidental brush of their shoulders, Hannah found her skin tingling from the contact. They were seated much closer than was necessary, the couch clearly large enough to allow both of them ample space, although they still refrained from touching.
Dean had never wanted to court her in the first place. He had wanted to court
Before he could even wonder what the hell that meant, Sam’s stomach lurched and he suddenly found himself sandwiched between a sheepish looking Hannah and beaming Charlie at the kitchen table.
is a very pleasing car.”
He soon became aware of a gentle stroking against his head, the object trailing through his hair in soothing ministrations. The gesture almost tempted him back to slumber, but he forced himself to keep awareness. He stirred in a failed attempt at raising his droopy head. The object in his hair was gone instantly and the warm pillow he’d been leaning against tensed.
Yet part of him wished the dream had never changed. That if it hadn’t got dark and twisted, maybe he could have enjoyed it.
“It’s very impressive, I often find myself amazed at the things humans can do,” Hannah admitted.
The ministrations stopped suddenly and Castiel let out a pathetic whimper in frustration. His erection throbbed painfully, as if attempting to punish him for its stolen orgasm. Sensing that the bond had returned to its usual status, Castiel determinedly pushed it to the recess of his mind. He couldn’t pay attention to such heated emotions if he wished to calm himself enough to will away his predicament.
“I believe my head would beg to differ,” Hannah grumbled, clutching at it carefully.
“Then I suppose I will inform Castiel and Dean of your experiment, I’m sure they’ll be quite intrigued,” Hannah threatened casually.
Sam huffed, marching towards the shorter angel in frustration until he loomed over him.
“Gabriel, wait-” Sam began but the archangel was already gone before he finished speaking.
watching over him… well they’d probably have smited him already for what he’d just done thinking about their brother. But even that incredibly creepy thought couldn’t bring down Dean’s good mood.
Sam eyed him warily, “Experimental? Wait so this hasn’t even been tested?”
reason she would have for rejecting him. Dean may be human, but he had one of the brightest souls Castiel had ever seen. If any human deserved the love of an angel, it was Dean.
“So do you mind if we keep the nest? I know you said we’re supposed to disassemble it afterwards but this bed was pretty damn expensive and I’m pretty attached to it already,” Dean teased.
“Ok I think I’m finally drunk enough for this conversation,” Dean announced, placing another empty beer bottle on the table. Hannah noted that she was also starting to feel the effects of the alcohol she’d consumed. Her body felt pleasantly warm and heavy and she found herself smiling for no particular reason. She forced herself to focus on Dean rather than what was happening inside her vessel.
“Yeah, I guess. You know, it’s nice to see actually. I was beginning to worry you didn’t know how to smile anymore,” he teased, punching his brother’s shoulder lightheartedly.
with Cassie!”
mate,” Hannah interrupts, surprising them both by winking at Gabriel. Charlie was becoming a bad influence on her. Or a good one. Gabriel couldn’t decide.
“Oh my god! No fricking way, Cas is so oblivious! I can’t believe he actually convinced me you and Dean were dating. I
Charlie’s stomach lurched and she grasped at Castiel’s arm to steady herself, her head spinning for a few moments.
Dean didn’t feel like driving too far, especially considering the awkward silence he’d been suffering from Hannah the entire trip, so he decided to head to a bar in Lebanon. Sam and Dean had decided going into town too often might reveal the location of the bunker, so they didn’t go there very much. Nonetheless, Dean was a master at finding good bars in places he’d never been before, so it wasn’t long before he narrowed down his options.
Sam held up his hands in mock surrender so Gabriel continued, “So just when it was getting good Cassie had to be a little saint and push Dean away. He probably thought he was taking advantage of Dean because he was drunk or something similarly stupid. I swear I almost showed myself just to slap some sense into him, but he flew off before I could even really consider it.”
, but I think she’s a little out of her depth when it comes to human emotions. But we’re just here as back up in case she needs some help. Relax,” Gabriel assured him, snapping his fingers and making a plate of curly fries and a salad appear in front of them.
“Woah, woah, woah. Now see here, bucko! I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. I haven’t been anywhere near those two since your little spat the other day,” Gabriel assured him, holding up his hands in a show of surrender despite the hunter holding no real danger towards him. Sam’s eyes narrowed at him in disbelief, refusing to release his steel tight grip on the archangel.
Castiel sighed heavily and drew a hand through his hair agitatedly. He had no idea how he was going to fix that situation. The angels were understandably mournful about the condition of their wings. He couldn’t help but notice the attention his restored wings had caused when he first arrived. The jealousy stewing among his brethren had been undeniable. Castiel supposed he could try collecting the souls himself, but he knew that would be far too much work for one angel to do alone. Besides, his wings were already beginning to deteriorate in Dean’s soul’s absence. It would be no more than a day before he could no longer fly again.
“Will you just hurry up and get to the point already? I don’t know if you’ve realised this but Cas doesn’t really have that much time left!” Dean hissed and both of their eyes drifted to his sleeping form. Cas hadn’t moved an inch since they'd placed him there.
“Of course I don’t want to hurt him, Sam. It’s just…why
Her light blue feathers ruffled in annoyance behind her but her face remained stoic.
This time Hannah did chuckle at the reminder of Dean’s confusion of the bond’s meaning.
Charlie nodded, “So alcohol is an angel no-no right now. Got it.”
Charlie was still fast asleep, her brilliant red hair splayed across the cushions wildly. Upon seeing the red head and, of course, her soul, Hannah was struck by the same fascination she’d experienced the night before. So it
But Dean knew for sure Cas wouldn’t lie, so he at least had to
This caused Dean to erupt into a laughing fit.
A sudden loud knocking on the bunker door broke the silence and all three of them startled at the sound.
“Like I’d bother explaining now, you probably won’t even remember this conversation in the morning,” Charlie teased.
so Dean naturally got a bit carried away. They were practically
Sam eyed him suspiciously, “What’s got you so happy?”
been quite intoxicated. Castiel allowed himself to find relief in the thought. They were silent as they simply held each other’s gaze, Castiel temporarily losing himself in the familiarity of the action. But Dean seemed to catch himself, dropping his gaze and clearing his throat as his earlier apprehension seemed to return.
can’t believe you agreed to be Heaven’s IT person,” Dean scoffed.
“Can you tell anything else? Is he close-by?” Sam pressed desperately.
Yet he couldn’t just allow Dean to die in front of him. He needed to replenish his grace somehow… that was it! He could tap into Dean’s soul directly and drain just enough power to heal him. But, of course, he ran the risk of extinguishing Dean’s soul completely in the process. His soul was already so dim, the light was fading before Castiel’s eyes. He didn’t have time to second guess himself, he needed to make a decision
“You can’t blame us for your own mistakes. Samuel doesn’t trust you because you’ve never given him any reason to. Trust needs to be
Anways, thanks so much to everyone who's kudos and commented on this fic. I'm seriously blown away by how much attention this fic still gets. Supernatural and this fic will always have a special place in my heart and I hope this little glimpse into their future made some of you smile :D
Dean’s hand hovered over his gun in his waistband, ready to pull it out if there was any trouble. It was always a gamble when they had visitors at the bunker, since only a few people knew of its existence. Considering one of those people was the King of Hell, Dean was pretty wary of any visitors at all.
“He took it well,” Dean admitted before warily adding, “
“What are you guys doing?” he asked, noting the familiar sigil marking the floor. He knew he’d seen it somewhere before…
So self-loathing Dean is back, I'm so sorry! I swear he'll realise he deserves love eventually! No destiel in this chapter but I hope the copious amount of Sabriel and Channah(Harlie?) made up for it :3
“Dean, just tell me what happened,” Castiel instructed him calmly.
“Charlie, did you and Hannah perhaps bond?” Cas asked the question they were all thinking.
Dean couldn’t help but smile back at him.
“What
“Are you kidding me? I’ve had
“You haven’t claimed my room, have you? Cause I’m sorry, buddy, but it took me way too long getting this place how I like it and don’t think I’m giving up that memory foam without a fight,” Dean teased. Castiel suddenly found himself hesitant, unsure of how to start this conversation. Uncertainty and anxiety eased its way into the bond as the silence became thick with tension.
Oblivious to Dean’s internal struggle, Cas continued on his lecture, “You will also be expected to build a nest to symbolise your unity and commitment towards each other.”
Realisation dawned on Dean and his face twisted into a scowl, “No way, that son of a bitch has screwed us over more times than we can count. Not to mention he’s
Dean woke to the familiar feeling of being tied to a chair, he didn’t even need to open his eyes to know it was true. How many times had this happened to him now? God, it was becoming a friggin’ pass-time. He tested the ropes around his wrists, they were strong and obviously tied by a professional. There was no way he’d be wriggling out of them. He’d need something sharp. But he could already tell they’d stripped him of all his weapons, even the small blade hidden in his boot.
harbouring more feelings for the angel than he was letting on. If Dean didn’t care for Cas he would have just set things straight right away, reject him on the spot. In fact, this hesitation
Smirking, Sam shoved the archangel light-heartedly.
“Cas? Good you’re back, there’s something I need to tell-” Sam began as he entered the room but upon seeing the pained expression on the angel’s face he froze, “woah are you okay?”
“Even if he has, I know my brother and he might still try running from his feelings. Dean has commitment issues the size of Texas. I think we need another person on the inside to help convince them, Gabe. You know, someone already in-close and personal with both of them,” Sam hinted.
“Charlie also informs me that Castiel is under the false impression that Dean and I have become romantically involved,” Hannah informed them, appearing extremely concerned by the issue.
It felt so great to be behind the wheel again after months of being stuck in the bunker. Dean couldn’t help stroking the steering wheel fondly, mentally apologizing to Baby for neglecting her for so long. The distraction of driving helped for a little while at least. He let his mind go blank, focussing only on the familiar actions that came second nature to him now, not really heading anywhere in particular.
“If that’s what he decides then you have to respect his decision. But you’ll never know for sure unless you give him the option directly. You preach about how hopeless Dean and Castiel’s romantic development has been, but at least Dean was finally able to honestly convey his feelings tonight. Meanwhile you’re letting your own bruised ego prevent you from doing the same.”
come in handy. But don’t worry Samsquatch, your giant head is safe from my clutches. I just sensed you
Castiel drifted back to consciousness slowly, unwilling to let go of this blissful sensation. He struggled to recall a moment he’d ever felt such warmth, such comfort. The closest memory he could recall was the moment of his creation, those few precious seconds of being cradled in God’s embrace, before being released amongst his brethren.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It doesn’t matter if they’re an angel or human, when you love someone none of that other stuff matters. All that matters is how you feel about them and you can’t let other people dictate who you can and can’t love. If anyone tries to tell you that loving someone is wrong, they’re clearly the ones who are
have great water pressure.
Even now, knowing how Cas felt about him, it still didn’t change anything. Dean knew he couldn’t let himself accept Cas’s feelings and drag the other man down with him. He just couldn’t. He’d known for
Cas gave him a pained expression, “You
“So he’s definitely gonna be okay?” Dean asked tentatively.
drive the impala!” Sam hissed disbelievingly.
“I am glad you are alright, Dean. Please do not hesitate to call me if you are in distress again. I will do my best to help you if I can,” Castiel promised.
The emptiness Castiel feels inside his chest now is worse than when his grace was stolen. He wishes he could go back to the blissful ignorance he had before, when Dean was simply his best friend and nothing more. Now he’s afraid he won’t even be able to look at Dean without being filled with regret.
Castiel froze in the doorway, startled to find the very person he’d been attempting to avoid. Of all the places in the bunker Castiel had thought the library would be the safest, yet here Dean was and he was with
Sending a quick prayer to his absent father, Castiel plunged his hand through Dean’s chest. His grace latched onto Dean’s soul, drinking in the power eagerly. Dean was startled back into consciousness and began howling in pain. Castiel cringed at the sounds of agony, patting Dean’s hair soothingly as he attempted to comfort the other man.
“I will not allow him to make such a reckless mistake again,” Castiel vowed, nodding in agreement.
you say yes? Not only would it heal Cas but you’d finally be rid of the mark,” Sam looked at him pleadingly. Finally Dean sighed in resignation.
He looked around at the other occupants of the room expecting to find similar outrage on their faces, only to find none of them seemed to share his shock. In fact, they were being suspiciously quiet and avoiding his gaze guilty.
. Instead, Dean’s biggest problem was that he didn’t think he was
“What!? Take it back, I didn’t agree to that,” Dean demanded.
, Cas. And then you almost
I would have stepped in and helped them if I had been there. I only left because you two turned him against me!”
Dean groaned, rolling reluctantly out of bed, glancing impassively at the clock on his way towards the bathroom. It was nearly noon, at least he’d managed to get about five hours sleep in before his rude awakening. It’s not like he could go back to sleep anyway, not after a dream like that.
“So what you’re saying is, Cas is gonna fall for Dean now?” Sam asked incredulously.
Sam beamed, “Welcome to the team, Hannah.”
Twenty hours and eight volumes later, Dean was starting to lose hope. There was nothing in any of these books about finding an angel's stolen grace or healing an angel whose grace was burning them from the inside. They were still no closer to saving Cas and all Dean had gained from his research was an extensive amount of knowledge on Angel biology that he really would have preferred not to know. If he had to look at one more overly detailed schematic of an angel wing he was afraid he’d shoot himself.
Not to mention, Gabe had this huge smirk on his face that made Sam extremely uneasy.
Pulling himself from his reverie, Gabriel decided he’d made the hunter wait long enough. It’s not like he was going to arrive right away, after all, he wasn’t gonna look
“Thank Dad! I thought he’d
married, he told himself firmly, stop letting this fake marriage mess with your head! It didn’t matter how much Dean wished he could return Cas’s feelings, he would never be good enough. Better to save them both a lot of pain and just let Hannah have him. She was an angel after all, she was far better suited for Cas than Dean could ever be.
Not that Castiel wasn’t happy to see her, but he couldn’t hold back his disappointment at Dean’s absence. He had been
, even without a soul to power me up,” Gabriel argued.
“Boyfriend? Is that a human term? I wasn’t aware we’d reached a level of friendship,” Hannah confessed. Charlie paused, looking at her strangely before bursting into laughter.
got hurt?” Sam hissed.  Gabriel’s eyes narrowed in turn, his playful expression finally dropping.
“Where’s Hannah?” Castiel insisted, hoping desperately that the other angel was with Dean. At least he knew Hannah would protect Dean if he couldn’t be there.
Her blade travelled from each piece of bare skin to another, before moving on to beneath his clothes. She made quick work of his shirt until it was nothing but a pile of rags beside his chair. There was nothing teasing or sexual about her movements, he was nothing but a piece of flesh to carve and she was the butcher. He might as well have been propped up on a meat hook as far as she was concerned.
“Oh my god!” Sam hissed, almost dropping the jug of orange juice he’d been pulling out of the fridge.
he?” he asked Gabriel nervously.
sorry. I should have known it was some angel thing. As soon as I finish eating we’ll head back to the room and spend the whole day in bed, how does that sound?” Dean offered, stroking Cas’s cheek gently. The angel smiled warmly and nodded, his wings rising in enthusiasm. Dean couldn’t help caving into the urge to kiss the angel again, dipping down to lock lips softly. He would never get tired of being able to kiss Cas whenever he wanted from now on.
“He isn’t here, he left yesterday to find a hunt and hasn’t come back yet. I just thought he’d found a case, you know? Shit I should have called him, I was just… preoccupied,” he admitted guiltily.
I'm also going to admit that I channelled my own inner fangirl when writing Charlie. #SorryNotSorry
“You ship them too? We are gonna get along great, I just know it. And don’t take it personally, those boys are so clueless. Honestly they could be shot with cupid’s fricking arrow and they’d
“I can’t promise you that, Dean,” Castiel responded immediately. Dean sighed but gave him a smile.
sleep anymore, he found he quite enjoyed the experience. Although he supposed it was closer to meditation than sleep, since he couldn’t shut down his vessel’s consciousness completely.
Hannah, however, had absolutely no experience with humans. She’d never been to Earth before the fall, never even wanted to. If it hadn’t been for the support of her other fallen brothers and sisters, she likely wouldn’t have survived the fall. If she were to be trapped here on Earth, even with the support of the Winchesters and Castiel, she doubted she’d ever be truly content.
“Hello Dean,” the familiar words falling from his mouth easily, “I am doing well. I am simply glad that you are okay. My health hardly matters in comparison.”
“We are not supposed to sleep. I fear the fall made my vessel more susceptible to alcoholic influence and thus I became weak enough to require sleep in my intoxicated state,” Hannah explained.
Dean stepped in, much to her relief, “They’re light blue. Think clear blue sky on a sunny day; that colour. They’re pretty big, but not as big as Cas’s. They’re also daintier but I assume that’s cause you’re a chick.”
“You know that’s not true, Dean. Cas has gone to hell and back for us,
He expertly fiddled with the taps, quickly finding that perfect balance between hot and cold. Dean closed his eyes, focussing only on the pleasant sensation of warm water cascading over him. He could almost feel the tight muscles in his shoulders relaxing under its ministrations. The bunker really
They had the rest of eternity, after all.
It clearly wasn’t the first time Dean had done this, as he stretched himself skilfully and efficiently. Castiel was glad for Dean’s experience, as he’d hate the idea of unintentionally hurting the man with his lack of such. Castiel was mesmerised by the process, watching Dean’s fingers disappear and reappear as the man ground himself back against the intrusion. Quicker than Castiel expected, Dean proclaimed himself ready as he removed his slick fingers. Dean eagerly removed Castiel’s boxers, staring at his cock hungrily for a moment before wrapping his hand, newly slick with more of Castiel’s oil, around him and pumping lazily a few times as he liberally spread the oil. Castiel savored the attention, finally getting some relief to his throbbing cock. Dean positioned himself swiftly before lowering himself onto Castiel slowly. Castiel’s hand instantly gripped Dean’s hip tightly, assisting the man’s as he impaled himself on his cock.
he was unfortunately very accustomed to. No, it was the fact that Dean had opened up so quickly. Hell, when Sam had started this plan he’d expected most of Dean’s complaints to focus on their shared gender, but Dean hadn’t even mentioned it
Castiel tilted his head, confused at what Sam was implying. Of course he knew Dean had been worried about him. Castiel had noticed the overwhelming presence of emotion from the moment he’d awoken. But Sam was looking at him meaningfully, as if Castiel was missing something important.
Sam noted his dishevelled appearance and Dean knew he must reek of alcohol.
*Aggressively writes Charlie a happy storyline because screw the writers*
the archangel. This was the cold hard truth that he’d known all along. It was why he’d been so underhanded in his attempts at courting, knowing that even if he’d been upfront from the beginning Sam would never have accepted. Because the man didn’t trust him, could
Dean stared at the closed door for far longer than was necessary before forcing his gaze away, sighing heavily. He slumped back into the mattress with an audible thump, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes as he tried to sort through the mess inside his head.
“My uropygial glands,” Castiel panted, fighting the beginnings of embarrassment flaring up inside him, “they’re small glands that produce a special oil substance that keeps our wings in good condition. You will need to spread this oil along the feathers.”
As Castiel drifted into consciousness, he was first aware of an irritating ache along his back and wings. Instead of sitting in a comfortable resting position, they had strained to their full length, which left his muscles stretched and sore. Quickly rectifying this, he almost sighed in relief as the new position allowed his tense muscles to finally relax.
“He’s not dead yet,” Hannah assured him firmly, “we just need to recharge his grace before the vessel becomes uninhabitable.”
“You like how she feels?” Dean asked suddenly, pulling Castiel out of his thoughts.
I wish Gabriel were here, Sam thought pensively, then I wouldn’t have to take all the blame.
“His grace has been extremely drained. Thus the vessel has been shut down in order to sustain his remaining grace,” Hannah informed carefully.
when they’re not around. And when you
“Am I missing something? What’s with the feather?” Sam interrupted.
“I’m been craving something sweet lately, is that a crime?” Sam asked defensively.
nice to him too. He’d practically been bending over backwards trying to make the man happy those past few days. Not that he didn’t have ulterior motives.
It suddenly made sense. Dean wanted to learn how to groom wings so he didn’t disappoint Hannah. Castiel’s heart dropped in disappointment but he tried to maintain a poker-face, he couldn’t let Dean see his pain.
Castiel instantly noticed the sudden surge of magical energy as if electrical currents sparked through the very air. Jumping up from his chair, placing his book facedown on the now empty seat so as not to lose his page, he followed the sensation in search of its source. He knew there were many potent magical items stored within the bunker, but this felt entirely different. This was incredibly powerful magic and most definitely hadn’t been there before, there’s no way he would have missed something this strong.
Dean explored Cas’s mouth with his tongue, greedily trying to taste every inch. Cas tasted like nothing Dean could describe. It probably had something to do with the fact that he never ate or that he just wasn’t human. But Meg had definitely been on the mark when she said kissing Cas had made her feel ‘clean’. The memory sparked an unwelcome jolt of jealousy which coursed through Dean. He doubled his efforts, as if kissing Cas into oblivion could erase all other kisses. No more Meg. No more April. Cas would only know the taste of Dean and no one else.
interested in it, but he found it endearing somehow. Unfortunately he still couldn’t allow her to come between Dean and Hannah, it wasn’t right. They both deserved to find love. He wouldn’t deny Hannah the chance even if Dean
angel.”
“Cas? Thank fuck you’re okay,” Dean gasped, his voice hoarse with sleep and the threat of tears.
********
“She’s right, Gabe. This needs to stop, we’re not even helping them anymore. This whole scheme has caused more harm than good. This has gone on too long, we should just tell them the truth,” Sam admitted.
In truth, Castiel was far more relieved that the bond had healed the mark than saved his life. Castiel had accepted his fate, believed his death was penance for all the crimes he had committed. But Dean didn’t deserve the terrible fate that the Mark of Cain would surely have brought him. If his grace was to thank for its absence, then Castiel was grateful that at least one good thing had been accomplished from his continued existence.
“What do you say we get out of here? I have a pretty sweet ride that I could
a few days. Which meant Dean would have plenty of time to win Hannah’s affections.
people.”
I am so sorry for how long this took. I wrongfully thought I'd have more time to write in the Uni holidays. But it turns out work took advantage of my new availability and upped my hours. But I managed to get this out a few days before the Uni term starts again so at least these holidays weren't a total waste!
Once Gabriel was free he explained the ritual in detail. Turns out he just needed Cas and Dean’s presence while he chanted a bunch of phrases in Enochian, no weird ingredients or hex bags necessary. So here he was, sitting by Cas’s bedside as Gabriel spoke gibberish next to him. It all seemed way too easy to Dean and he once again considered the fact that this might be a trick. I mean, this was Gabriel, the
. What good had Dean ever done for Cas? All he’d ever given the angel was more pain.
Sam felt queasy. What exactly had he signed Dean up for?
do it later.
“Oh that’s easy, it was
“Crowley,” Dean groaned in annoyance, “I thought I made it clear we were done.”
“Sugar coating?” Hannah asked incredulously, “I don’t eat, Dean.”
if anyone wants to check it out :)
Dean reluctantly removed his hands from Cas’s wings only so he could remove his pants, leaving his boxers as the only piece of clothing left. Cas, however, was much too clothed for Dean’s liking and he made quick work of removing his tie before moving towards the trenchcoat. As his hands brushed over the familiar material, Dean briefly realised that it wasn’t his new trenchcoat. It was the one Cas had been wearing when they first met; the one Dean had treasured for over a year after Cas’s ‘death’. He stroked the material fondly, momentarily mourning its loss, before tugging it off the angel’s shoulders.
Dean opened his mouth to protest but it morphed into a giant yawn instead. Sam looked at him smugly, his point proven. Dean sighed, admitting defeat. He finished off the last of his beer, dropping the empty bottle into the bin on his way out. Now that Sam had mentioned it, he realised how absolutely wrecked he felt. Sure he was used to surviving on little sleep as a hunter, but even this was pushing it. He needed his four hours at least. Though he had a feeling those four hours would quickly turn into fourteen if he wasn’t careful. He’d been sleeping in a lot while he’d been stuck under house arrest.
?” Sam hissed incredulously.
Dean groaned, “I don’t
Besides, he’d been serious when he decided he wanted to pay her back for last night. Dean was determined to show the angel a fun time whether she wanted it or not.
Cas’s weight was forgotten, however, when Cas shifted in his arms to snuggle closer against Dean’s chest. Dean tried to hide his glee, internally revelling in their closeness as he continued toward his room. Sadly, the ache in his arms quickly reminded him of Cas’s weight, forcing him to end the experience quicker than he would have liked.
Her words didn’t ease his worries but Dean was forced to admit he might be overreacting. He internally agreed to go through with their plans and if Cas was still missing when they returned then he could rationally be concerned.
“Stop calling me that, if you don’t have any more to say then I might as well tell Cas and Hannah you’re here,” Sam suggested in warning.
But Castiel couldn’t handle the way Dean was looking at him. The terrified, regret in his eyes. So he did the only thing he could think to do. He flew away.
“Well what is it!?” he snapped and Sam jumped, obviously startled by his intensity.
Castiel shook his head, “No, nothing is wrong. I am unaware of Sam’s whereabouts but I can promise you he is fine. And Dean… is on a date.”
Besides he couldn’t go back to the bunker yet, not when he knew Cas wouldn’t be there.
In fact now that Dean was focusing on her wings, rather than the affectionate display, he noticed patches of missing feathers accompanied by black scorch marks randomly littering their surface. From the fall, he realised, his resentment almost replaced by pity. Almost.
Gabriel shook with laughter, cradling his stomach as if afraid he’d explode.
He reluctantly raised his eyes to meet her stern gaze.
Dean’s arrival made Sam realise that he still hadn’t moved from his chair, too distracted by Gabriel’s disappearance. Springing up from his seat, he followed after Dean. If the visitor was who he thought it was, he wanted to be around to see Dean’s reaction.
He avoided her eyes as she scrutinised him.
Here's the link to my tumblr if anyone's interested: http://fictionsmyaddiction.tumblr.com/
Sam didn’t know how much more of Dean’s sulking he could take. It was just over a week after Cas had left the bunker and Dean had barely left his room since. And when he
Goddammit, not even hunting could fix the brewing shitstorm of emotions tearing through Dean. Deep down he knew the only thing that could help would be mending things between him and Cas. But who knows where Cas could be. With his wings fixed he could be anywhere across the world. Dean supposed he’d just have to hope Cas had stayed close enough to his soul that he’d be easier to track down. Once again, determined by a new mission Dean made his way towards the Impala. He was going to find Cas, he’d definitely make things right.
“Seriously?” Sam complained and Dean felt some relief that he wasn’t the only one freaking out until he continued, “This means I’m the only one in the room who can’t see wings now. That’s so unfair.”
Dean easily slipped off his underwear and Castiel couldn’t help marvelling at his first glimpse of his flushed red cock. Of course it wasn’t the first time he’d seen the righteous man naked, having put the man back together piece by piece after raising him from Perdition, but it
“There can’t be
with them, it’s like your world is a little bit brighter and you feel like you could do anything as long as they’re by your side… or whatever,” Dean murmured avoiding her gaze, embarrassed by his sappy admission.
“Yes, after this all the angels in Heaven will be paired with a human,” Hannah assured him from behind her desk at Heaven’s main office.
He arched violently, unable to finish as Dean decided to tease both his glands at once just as he began begging. By now the man’s hands were soaked with the warm oil, the substance dripping freely down his wrists as each spasm gushed more of the sweet smelling liquid. His feathers were well and truly covered by now and the hunter knew it.
“Of course, man! They’re the coolest things I’ve ever seen. Don’t listen to those other winged douchebags. Black is a badass colour. Baby is black and she’s the best car in the world,” Dean assured him firmly.
“So you’re a giant nerd, right?” Gabriel spoke suddenly. Sam frowned, taken aback by the unexpected insult.
That unpleasant clenching of his chest started again and Castiel did his best to ignore it. He was happy for them, Castiel assured himself, there was no reason for him to be upset. Hannah was loyal, caring and dedicated. Castiel was also sure that with enough time and guidance, she could begin to understand human emotions and come to appreciate them just as he has. All in all, she was a fine choice for Dean’s affections.
That was the plan, after all. They needed Dean to think Cas was serious about this marriage, so that he’d be forced to entertain the idea of a real relationship between them. Sam had to remind himself, as he observed his sulking brother, that he was doing this for Dean’s sake. So that he could finally be happy.
“Hannah why don’t I show you the library, maybe we can find something useful in there to help you track down angels,” Sam suggested, locking eyes with Hannah meaningfully. As expected Sam’s intentions went right over the angel’s head and she simply squinted at him confused.
“Do you think he’s felt this way for years or did it start after he turned human?” Sam suggested, attempting to plant seeds of doubt into his brother’s mind.
“Ooooh that reminds me, looky what I got!” the redhead piped up, pulling at the chain of a necklace from around her neck. She dragged the chain out from under her shirt, revealing a large blue feather hanging upside down from the end of the necklace. The feather was large enough that a hole had been easily drilled into the bottom part of the feather allowing the chain to loop through. The feather seemed awfully familiar but he couldn’t pinpoint why exactly.
I!?” Sam snapped in disbelief.
Dean seemed nervous as he spoke, “Look about that…Gabe didn’t heal you. Well I guess, he
“Nice place you got here, by the way. About time you boys set up camp,” Gabriel noted, glancing around the bunker appreciatively.
“Well I’ll admit the concept of declaring our love in God’s name sounds very appealing to me. You’ve already made it clear that you accept the idea of a marital union between us and our courtship means we have already committed to each other as mates for eternity. I don’t see why we shouldn’t make it official with a human ceremony as well,” Cas confessed. Dean felt his heart race as his mind made sense of what Cas was suggesting. Dean turned around in Cas’s arms so that he could stare wide-eyed at the angel.
It was for this exact reason he’d been avoiding mentioning the marriage altogether. Sure he knew Cas was bound to bring it up eventually, they really
“The bond is our only chance. Direct contact with your soul would be preferred, but it is impossible while his vessel is inactive. The vessel is nothing more than a meat-coffin at present, while Castiel’s true self lies within the depths of the corpse. Even if we were to attach his vessel to your soul it would likely not reach him. The bond is the only true connection we have left to his grace,” Hannah explained.
him, and that phrase in itself was a symbol for so much of their relationship. Every time he’d said ‘I need you’ he may as well have been saying ‘I love you.’ Because, Dean now realised, he
The angel hung up and Charlie found herself holding the phone to her ear for a few moments longer, trying to calm her thumping heart. Taking a deep breath she pushed her thoughts aside, she could deal with
“And our little angel, how is he doing?” Gabriel asked curiously.
him?” Dean murmured to himself, voice filled with regret. Hannah hated to see the human so broken, especially considering what a dear friend he had become to her this past week.
Eventually excusing himself from the room, Dean decided to follow his gut. But unfortunately, Dean couldn’t find Cas anywhere. And considering how big the bunker was, the search was slow and tedious. It took two hours to scour the entire bunker and by the time he’d finally given up it was almost time to get ready. Dejected and more than a little concerned for Cas’s wellbeing, Dean considered cancelling.
“I don’t need to bond with anyone. My wings never suffered damage from the fall and I’m the most powerful angel left on
Sam stayed silent for a moment, waiting to see if there was more. When it was clear the archangel wasn’t going to continue he spoke, “Well that explains why Dean was in such a foul mood this morning. I swear every step they take towards each other, the other takes two steps back. They’re literally the
,” Gabe cooed, clasping his hands and swaying dramatically.
With that small piece of advice, Sean casually made his way back to the bar leaving Dean alone leaning against the Impala.
“Wait, did something happen? I thought you said he was healing,” Sam insisted.
watching Dean and Hannah get drunk. He didn’t see why they needed to be there any longer. According to Gabe, Hannah had done her job in convincing Dean about twenty minutes ago. In fact, Dean hadn’t needed any convincing at all. It seemed his brother was finally heading in the right direction for once. Unfortunately, Gabe was stubbornly
Castiel was hesitant and she knew why. They were about to crash Dean’s date, albeit invited, and who knows what they’d find in there. Dean was a playboy sober and drunk Dean was likely even worse. They could very well be walking into a heated make-out session or
********
Pulling himself out of the bed, he decided it was time he call Hannah. Castiel knew the other angel would be worried about him and he had a mission to get back to.
“That’s not what I meant,” Castiel replied, shaking his head firmly, “I can
Sam looked up from his computer, shaking his head with a frustrated frown.
It was the closest Sam had ever seen Hannah to angry, which meant she must be
Dean perked up immediately, his face set in determination, “How?”
********
“So you can see Cas’s wings now? What do they look like?” he asked Dean curiously. Dean wasn’t sure whether he should answer that or not, especially considering his new theories on the privacy of wings.
Dean seemed nervous and he fidgeted with his empty beer bottle as he asked, “How do I court Cas?”
In this dream we never got bonded, I never courted you and we never got married. I was still stupidly hiding my feelings but you confessed anyway. You told me you knew you could never get what you wanted and that it didn’t matter, that you were happy enough just telling me how you felt. I couldn’t say anything. It was like the words were caught in my throat. I felt like I was a teenager again, so scared to admit my sexuality, so scared of what it would mean. Before I could even respond to your confession, you were being dragged away to a place even worse than hell. I couldn’t stop it, I couldn’t do anything. I just had to watch while you were ripped away from me.”
Cas was his best friend and he wasn't going to just sit here and watch him die. He’d do whatever it takes to make sure Cas lived through this, he promised himself, before hastily grabbing one of the many books cluttering the desk. Research was a small price to pay for the chance to save Cas.
Dean finally spoke in a quiet voice, “I dreamt we were in another damn apocalypse situation. I don’t even remember the details now, just that we had to save the damn world
Without warning his fingers buried deeper, causing Castiel to let out a startled groan. His body jerked and he grabbed Dean’s arm to steady himself. He realised his mistake almost instantly as Dean gasped, releasing a wrecked groan of his own. Dean’s emotions hit him like a freight train and he realised the soft sensation between his fingers was undoubtedly the feel of his own feathers. As Castiel noticed the returned handprint under his palm, his mind quickly connected the dots. This was what had caused the intensified link. He was feeling everything Dean felt and it appeared Dean was experiencing the same.
“Ok, I’ll take him to my room. The bed will be more comfortable than this armchair, that’s for sure,” Dean replied with forced nonchalance before gently picking up Cas, just as Hannah had done before. Cas was heavier than he expected and he struggled momentarily before steadying himself. Dean tried not to let it show in front of Hannah. It didn’t matter if she was an angel, he refused to admit that a girl was stronger than him.
Her wings were reached out, larger feathers trailing gently along Cas’s resting wings. They were much smaller than Cas’s, pale blue feathers a stark contrast against his ebony ones, looking frail compared to his newly healed limbs.
Besides, he’d never agree if he knew what it really meant.”
“Look Gabe, I don’t really know anything about her past or what she may have been a part of, but I do know we all make mistakes. I’ve made some terrible choices and so has Dean and Cas but we’ve all been given second chances, more than that if I’m being honest. Maybe Hannah deserves another chance too. She seems nice enough now,” Sam stated softly. He was greatly aware who he was talking to, if he made Gabe mad who knows what would happen to him. But he also knew this needed to be said anyway.
Hannah then turned to Cas, looking like she wanted to protest but Cas was having none of it.
By the time he was finished, his breathing and heart rate had slowly returned to normal and the flush in his cheeks had lightened. Dean lazily washed all evidence of his activities down the drain, a satisfied grin plastered to his face, before stepping out of the shower and grabbing a towel nearby. Yep, a shower was just what he’d needed.
he could see a flush in the angel’s cheeks.
“I’m not leaving here without you.”
“You betcha Dean-o, good as new. In fact, I’m sure he’ll have that newlywed glow soon enough,” Gabriel snickered, wiggling his eyebrows.
Gabe shushed him again and pointed towards the others across the lot, they’d just arrived at the impala.
I'd also like to take a moment to give special thanks to RebekahNesbitt14 for her comments and sending me a super cute message on tumblr. Without her I probably wouldn't have finished this chapter anytime soon. So thanks for the motivation, lovely! :D
Meanwhile Castiel sat on the top of Niagara Falls, broodingly watching the water crash against the surface below. He was unbelievably grateful for his healed wings, for he couldn’t stand staying in the bunker for a moment longer. He knew he was being melodramatic and that he’d have to return soon or his grace would start to dwindle again, but having to watch Dean ask Hannah on a date
“Here,” Sam said offering one of the books to Hannah, “This one is written in Enochian. Let us know if there’s anything useful.”
“But will it work?” Dean asked doubtfully.
“Well we’ve already moved in together and literally had our
. I just wished you were here so Dean could get mad at both of us.”
Well that wasn’t quite true; even if Hannah tried her best to draw her wings in she wouldn’t have been able to prevent them from touching Charlie, considering their proximity. Her grace hummed in satisfaction knowing that her wings were wrapped securely around them, invisibly shielding Charlie in their feathery embrace, though she knew the human couldn’t feel them. Drawing her left wing even closer around the human, Hannah was suddenly struck by a primal thought.
True to his word, no less than five minutes later Sam understood what had the archangel so excited. Castiel had walked into the bar and, to Sam’s surprise,
Gabriel looked guilty and rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly, “Yeah. I mean, kind of. Okay, technically
OMG guys, I can't tell you how happy I am that so many people liked the last chapter. Seriously all your comments were so amusing to read, I got a chuckle out of every 'facepalm' I swear xD
“Do not fret, I believe you will be a fine mate. Your dedication to courting him traditionally is proof of that. If all angels tried half as hard as you, perhaps I would have accepted a mate long ago,” Hannah reassured him.
“And then after we finish the Lord of the Rings trilogy, we
“Fine but if this whole thing goes sour, I’m blaming you,” he replied firmly before glaring in Gabriel’s direction, “what do I have to do?”
“Your hair is so lovely,” Hannah gasped, lifting a piece close to her face, “how did you get it so
was in the room. Cas needed to know undoubtedly that he loved him. Cas relaxed into the kiss and Dean was relieved to feel his wings wrap around him again.
“Actually, yes. I’ve decided that I want Hannah to replace me as Head of Heaven so that I can stay on Earth permanently with Dean.”
“Angels don’t need to sleep,” he said firmly, forcing himself to stand once more. This was a huge mistake, however, as the action caused his vision to spin and this time instead of falling back to his seat he tilted forwards. The last thing he saw was the ground rushing up towards him before everything went black.
interested in exploring a relationship with the angel, despite being shall we say
Charlie raised an eyebrow at Castiel, who appeared just as surprised by Dean’s choice. He’d chosen Castiel, even though Charlie no doubt had more experience driving and he hadn’t even complained about letting an ‘amateur’ drive Baby.
Dean’s heart sank, there goes that plan. At least he knew Sam would come looking for him eventually. They’d faced far bleaker situations, he could definitely hold out until then. Especially if Crowley just kept talking.
They soon found the couple, thankfully out of each other’s reach, occupying the booth closest to the bar. Figures, Charlie thought fondly.
close to coming clean to Dean about the whole charade. The only thing stopping him was the knowledge that Dean’s bad mood would almost certainly become directed at
“Anything, Dean,” Castiel assured him.
“What do you mean? Dean isn’t gonna have some freaky angel baby
“You know what’s weird, I honestly do. Guess we’re both pretty stupid, huh?” Sam smirked.
The bond swirled with so many emotions then that Castiel didn’t even attempt to sort through them.
“So they’re both going to be okay?” Sam asked in concern, glancing at the sleeping figures behind Gabriel. Dean lay passed out, cheek pressed against the bed with his arms sprawled out in front of him. Cas had curled in on himself, still clutching Dean’s arm loosely. They both looked surprisingly peaceful.
“You’re back early,” he noted, switching the safety on and slipping the gun into the waistband of his jeans. Sam nodded at him in greeting before dropping his bags and collapsing in the nearest chair.
“But what about my
“Uh yeah, just a nightmare, no big deal. Thanks for the concern, Cas, but it wasn’t necessary,” Dean informed him.
You need to figure out how you want to deal with that. Especially since you now know how he feels about you.”
“You’re straight,” he didn’t phrase it like a question but Dean still felt like he should correct him.
Mainly because Dean hadn’t even questioned it, being with Cas had felt like the easiest thing in the world. He was sure that the dream had been travelling down a
“Dean, you know I must return to my mission. The angels
. He loved Cas and there was nothing he could do about it.
“A few, however they were hardly notable. Strangers who proclaimed my wings very beautiful and offered me a feather. None who actually cared for me outside of appearance. I declined, obviously.”
“Unfortunately there are no physical wounds to heal, his ailment is entirely grace-related. There is nothing I can do for him,” Hannah admitted remorsefully. Dean appeared to break at the news, collapsing to his knees next to the couch and clutching at the side of Castiel’s coat mournfully.
Although Dean may be human, Hannah would still expect, and deserved, to be courted properly. Dean may be an expert on courting humans, but angels had their own customs and techniques when it came to courtship. So, of course, it was up to Castiel as a fellow angel and both their friend to make sure Dean knew what was expected of him.
Besides even if he decided to finally come out as bisexual, he refused to jeopardise his friendship with Cas over some phony marriage. A marriage that he still wasn’t even sure if Cas would perceive as real or not. Dean couldn’t even ask the guy because he hadn’t woken up yet. Not knowing was the worst part. While he waited for Cas, Dean'd had hours by himself to worry just how his friend would take the news.
“I’m glad you didn’t settle for any of those dicks, you deserve someone awesome,” Dean told her firmly, “and I’m not just saying that cause I’m drunk. You’re actually really cool.”
True to Dean’s word, Hannah was waiting in the library attempting to distract herself with a book. Which obviously wasn’t working, as she agitatedly tapped a finger along the page steadily. Such a show of unease was unusual among angels, meaning she must be incredibly restless. Upon seeing him she jumped to her feet, her wings trembling in relief.
“Of course! You didn’t actually think I’d just set up a prank and not stick around to see it play out, did you?” Gabriel scoffed.
“Cas, please let me groom your wings. We never got to finish last time,” Dean begged him. Castiel groaned at the thought of Dean’s hands in his wings again, nodding frantically.
Dean looked down at Cas realising she was right, Cas already appeared less pale than he’d been only moments ago. The colour had returned to his cheeks and more feathers were appearing on his wings.
much happier to get him back,” Gabriel guaranteed him.
Sam chuckled, “No, he didn’t. I swear. But knowing my brother he won’t stop until he pranks us back and he has Cas helping him out now too. It’s probably going to be pretty bad… I could really use the extra back-up. How about after we bond you come back to the bunker with me? You still owe me an angel history lesson. I’ve been reserving my quill for it specifically. What do you say?”
? That’s all you’re going to say!” Dean asked in disbelief. Castiel shrugged.
Castiel hissed frantically but she just ignored him, pressing the green button smugly.
“I haven’t told him. He has already begun courting Hannah, it would not be fair to either of them to intrude,” Castiel confessed.
“Well I’m glad
Castiel felt the familiar tightening in his stomach as his muscles coiled and he eagerly prepared for his release. He knew he should feel guilty for enjoying this, and likely would later, but his mind was too far gone to care. He was so close, he could feel it. Just a little more-
Sorry for the angst guys, Dean's just too stubborn to let himself be happy. I swear you'll get fluff again soon!
Sam still seemed unconvinced so Castiel added, “
wouldn’t you tell us that earlier?” Sam snapped.
Trying not to splutter, Dean replied, “M-morning Cas, want some pancakes?”
“That won’t be necessary-” she deadpanned but Sam cut her off with a sigh before simply grabbing her arm and pulling her in the direction of the library.
to get married, let alone to an angel. For Christ sakes, he’d been a demon just a few months ago. There had to be some kind of rule against an angel marrying a former demon, surely. Yet here he was, dealing with a marriage he didn’t even fully understand. He hadn’t even known angels
“It is hard to say, an angel has never recovered from tainted grace before. I would suggest he stay as long as possible, to be sure. I do not wish to drag him here unconscious again,” Hannah stated calmly.
Cas grinned so widely then, as if that confession was the only thing he’d ever wanted, before rising to catch Dean’s lips in a tender kiss. This one wasn’t as passionate as any of their other kisses that night, but somehow Dean felt it held much more significance. As they kissed, Cas’s hand slid up to fit over the returned hand print, gripping the mark tightly as if to proclaim, “This human is mine.” When he settled back between Dean’s legs, he refused to remove his hand, fingers continuing to tease the mark gently.
if I ever let anything take you away from me.”
“But I want both,” he complained pouting and Dean let out a genuine laugh at his dilemma.
“Don’t,” Cas growled, “Do you think I rebelled, killed my own kind and dedicated myself in the name of a “broken” man? Do you think I would have given up my army, throwing away my one chance to defeat Metatron, for a “broken” man? You are the bravest, most loyal and selfless human I know. So selfless that you’re blind to your own strengths! Your soul isn’t broken, it’s the brightest I have ever seen! Don’t you dare tell me you’re not ‘worth it’. Any angel would be
different monsters,” Sam gaped at him.
“So…you’re really okay with all of this?” Dean asked doubtfully.
“Thanks, Hannah, you have no idea how much I needed this,” Dean’s voice seemed unexpectedly loud in the otherwise silent room, causing Castiel to startle out of his trance. The movement, however, drew the others’ attention and he found himself caught under their shared gaze. Dean quickly withdrew from Hannah, who appeared more than slightly relieved at the loss of contact, and she slowly relaxed her wings from their tensed position.
?” Dean hissed encouragingly. The term of endearment slipped easily from Dean’s lips and it made Castiel’s heart race.
“Yes Sam, your brother and I are now in a romantic relationship,” Cas confirmed proudly. If the angel felt any embarrassment at being caught kissing he didn’t show it. Dean decided he shouldn’t feel embarrassed either. Sam didn’t react negatively like he’d feared. In fact, he seemed to support them.
“Hey, look at me. Don’t apologise, just tell me what’s wrong. I can’t believe I’m actually the one saying this, but I want us to be open about our feelings from now on. Keeping everything bottled up has only screwed us in the past,” Dean demanded, locking eyes with the angel.
emotions, but the bond was currently dulled by alcohol. There was a dull buzz thrumming through the bond but not enough to actually affect him mentally. The sensation was pleasant but not as comforting as Dean’s emotions would have been. Although it was probably best he couldn’t feel Dean’s emotions after his date. Considering their level of intoxication it had either gone very well or very badly. Castiel tried to feel guilty for hoping the latter.
“What happened?” Sam asked when they placed Cas on Dean’s bed, his face filled with concern.
“You’re just no fun,” Gabriel pouted, “It’s not that big a deal. The bond is just an equivalent to Angel Marriage.”
Castiel woke to the uncomfortable support of a couch, his wings aching at the cramped position they’d been haphazardly crushed into under his body weight. As his awareness grew, Castiel quickly recalled the events of the previous day, or so he assumed, it could very well have been longer for all he knew. He never could properly keep track of time after falling unconscious and had unfortunately been making quite a bad habit of it recently. But how much time had passed was of little concern to Castiel at that moment, all he cared about was one thing.
But Gabriel chuckled and looked absolutely delighted, “Now you’re getting it!”
“Wait, you mean
bitchfaces.
“Not doing anything is just as bad in this situation. You let Cas think his feelings were unrequited and even
Castiel noted Dean’s own increased heart rate, it seemed his warning had been taken too seriously. Good, perhaps if Dean was afraid of hurting him then his touches would be delicate. Although Castiel knew it wouldn’t make a difference. His attraction to Dean made him hyperaware of his touch. What had once been slightly ticklish with Balthazar was suddenly extremely erogenous, his wings sensing the presence of potential mate.
“What can I do for you, Cas?” Dean asked attempting to sound nonchalant, but it came out shaky. His mind continued to flash with images of Cas’s corpse even as he watched the real Cas fidget in the doorway. Dean fought the urge to grab Cas, make sure it was really him and prove that he was okay. That this wasn’t some hallucination and Cas really
Cas wouldn’t. Of course, he wouldn’t blame the angel if he did. Dean deserved this for what he did. Despite his worries, he closed his eyes and prayed firmly.
He’d misjudged her. She was actually a pretty cool chick, even if she was still in that “robot angel” stage. He’d have to teach her how to let loose sometime to really thank her. He smirked to himself at the thought of taking the angel to a strip club. Maybe he could buy her a lap dance. Now
Dean shook his head, “It’s nothing you’ve done, it’s just…”
worked for summoning Gabriel last time, he didn’t see why it shouldn’t work again.
“Marriage?” Cas asked. Everyone in the room froze, but Dean didn’t even notice as his head snapped to look at Cas in confusion.
Castiel was extremely pleased with himself. He was definitely a great “wing man”, as Dean had once called it. Dean would surely be proud of him. Finding Gabriel was going to be difficult, especially now that he knew people would be summoning him. He could ignore a summons if he was expecting it. Which meant Hannah would need to stay for
Gabriel squinted at him curiously, “Something’s different about you. You’re being very aggressive, even for a Winchester.”
“Cas got his grace stolen so he had to take another angel’s grace, but now it’s killing him,” Sam explained hurriedly.
“You must be Cas,” she guessed with a smirk.
Cas froze, eyes wide, as if his own outburst had surprised him. Dean found he couldn’t speak, couldn’t do anything but stare at Cas. He knew he should say something, but his mind was still processing this information.
