“I don’t need your charity,” John hissed. There was little left that what was still his, but damned if he would let some posh kid try to take his pride as well. He could do all of this on his own. He could.
Sherlock rubbed at his wrist. Even now, he didn’t look the least bit apologetic; he was more offended peacock than scolded child. “I was simply stating a fact.”
John weighed his options. He knew enough about Sherlock to press the right buttons. Part of him wanted to ask something hurtful, something that would make Sherlock’s shoulders curl inward. It was a part of him that belonged to the snake. It would be so easy to ask why Sherlock didn’t have any friends or why his parents, who were both lovely people, seemed to never acknowledge each other’s existence. The question sat poised on his tongue, but swallowed it down. “What do you want to be when you grow up?”
Given the right conditions, a heart can continue to beat after being removed from a body. Sherlock’s has been ripped from him, leaving a yawning cavern under his ribs. He can hear it: a waterlogged thump deep underground, slowly dying.
It was quiet save the steady, tired rhythm of springs creaking. He squeezed his eyes tight and tighter still, not letting his mind wander past this moment. His fingers dug into Sherlock’s back and he lost himself in the feel of sweat and skin. John inhaled sharply, filling his nose with Sherlock’s scent, and gave a perfunctory grunt just before coming. Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, his hips bucking hard, urged on by the slickness now coating John’s stomach, before stilling. He rested heavily across John a moment before rolling off and away, leaving him to his study of the pale light that divided the room. He didn’t return.
“Would you prefer LARPing over pen and paper?” Sherlock looked for a moment at John’s crotch, eyes skipping and hopping over bared skin, before looking back up at John’s face.
Slowly, inch by inch, John relaxes. His eyes slip shut as he tips his head back, relishing in the pressure building in his head. It fights against the storm in his chest. His mind, no longer spinning in outrage, becomes solely occupied with the need to breathe. When Sherlock releases his throat, he sucks in a breath.
John dropped the limp body at his feet. He wiped a blood covered hand across his brow, banishing the film of sweat that had gathered there. To his left, he heard James roaring and the terrified shouts of the men who had chosen to fight instead of running for their lives. It had been easy work to dispatch them; while there was a good number of them, they were disorganized. A few well-placed swipes and their moral broke.
“Of?”
“Sherlock,” John hissed. “You can’t just go breaking into things.”
“Why?” John threw the word down, a gauntlet demanding satisfaction.
“Oh.” That didn’t go particularly as he planned. He had hoped Sherlock would have a ridiculous tale to share. Sherlock’s frown deepened; a deep furrow formed in between his eyebrows.
John choked on the pocket of rage bubbling up in his throat. “Pardon?”
John smacked his fist against the table. When he managed to summon the words he needed, his voice came out a strangled whisper. “And all I could think of was how it was never quiet here. How you took up the entire flat with your noise and your presence and I never felt as at home anywhere else as I did in the years we spent together. And I am sure that wanting it again makes me a horrible person after everything that’s happened, but Christ, I do. So, there.” John turned his face away from Sherlock’s inspection and clenched his fists to keep from rubbing at his eyes.
“Sherlock was… well, he was,” he fumbles. How to summarize Sherlock? He scratches at the back of his head. “We were friends. And-- yeah, um, I suppose I loved him.”
The photo isn’t the best quality, but John recognizes it all the same. A wave of nostalgia crashes over him as he gazes at Sherlock’s face. He had managed to catch a rare Sherlock smile. It’s crooked and a bit awkward; it made the skin around his cheeks fold and his chin a bit wobbly, but it was one of the few things Sherlock couldn’t quite fake. No, his real smile was endearingly awful and strangely sweet.
Though he had looked forward to John’s messages.There had been an ease to their conversation that Sherlock had never experienced before, not even when he and Mycroft were still children. He hadn’t expected the army doctor to be as interesting as he was, but something about him, perhaps the confidence of his speech even when Sherlock could tell a dark depression followed the man around, had captured Sherlock’s attention. Laced through every message, tucked inside every phrase, were hints of who John actually was. Sherlock found John was not a man to be taken at face value.
Sherlock shut the door behind him and bustled past John. He bounded up the stairs, two at a time, as if he were nothing more than an eager schoolboy. John followed, nervousness giving away to a strange sort of giddiness. This was Sherlock. From the moment they had met, John felt like he was on the brink of a sprint, a mad dash with his blood surging away in his ears and his heart dancing in his chest.
John leans back and plucks the photo from her hand. He rubs a thumb across it, banishing imagined dust. “Lovers. Jesus. Should have grounded you more often.”
“I believe your mother has expressed concern about you spending so much time up here.” John stood and stretched, snapping his wings against the cold night air. He curled the talons on his feet against the stone of the castle, keeping his balance sure and strong.
Sherlock frowned down at the book in his lap. “I have my character sheet here, if my concept wasn’t clear.”
“Why not?”
Sherlock flipped open John’s suitcase and began to root around in its contents.
Sherlock pulls the dildo back until it catches on his rim and then pushes it back in. He adds more lube on the next try, filling the room with an obscene squelch. Sherlock fucks the dildo into him, picking up speed until he is pressing it into John’s sensitive arsehole hard and relentless. He only stops long enough to take John’s cock into his mouth, but quickly picks back up again.
“Still true, though.” John smiled. “Then there is touching.” John leaned a bit into Sherlock’s space. “Personal bubbles don’t exist as much. Lots of casual touches. Watch a happy couple some time. They’re aware of each other, even when they aren’t sitting next to each other.” John let go of Sherlock’s hand, letting his fingers linger for a moment on Sherlock’s sleeve, then placed his hand on Sherlock’s lower back and rubbed a neat, tight, firm circle there with just a thumb. Sherlock’s tongue attempted to escape down his throat, which was entirely unfair as John’s tongue seemed to be just fine.
“Yes. No.” James growled. “I do not understand it. I saw you over and over again, blood drenched and crying out. Sometimes they killed you on the spot. Other times they cut chunks from you while you still lived and I could not stop them.”
There I go being selfish again.
Sherlock stared at him, nose bunched up in thought. “Are you planning on kissing me?” Intrigue coloured his words, rather than repulsion, and John gathered his courage from that.
The leader of the invading force grabbed William by the hair and pulled him up to his knees. “I had hoped I would convince you to defend my new castle for me.”
“I loved you,” John spits at him. It offers little comfort. The confession bites into Sherlock, a poison barb meant to kill, words made all the more deadly because it’s the first time Sherlock has ever heard him utter them. “You took away something precious.”
His thoughts scattered, broken at the sound of someone approaching him. He shifted his torch into his hand and shoved the bullet casing into his coat. Spinning around, a clever lie began to form on the tip of his tongue. It died there.
Knight stopped suddenly. His large ears swiveled on his head, before going flat against his skull. The snap of a branch up ahead soon revealed the reason for his alertness.
John shrugged. “Do you not want me to?”
“You picked this place for your parents’ anniversary party because you wanted to investigate a murder on the side?” John giggled. “Christ, you are crazy.”
The stranger spoke to him, though little of it made sense. John recognized his name and little more. The man gestured behind him and the guards flanking him stepped back. He slowly moved forward, hands raised. The closer he came, the louder John growled. Finally, he stopped and reached into his pocket. John tensed, even after seeing that the man was only reaching for a necklace. He dangled it from his fingers, then lobbed it as John’s feet.
Sherlock waves a careless hand over his shoulder, batting away the clarification of John’s prowess. “Details.”
. Of course, this moment would come. He was no fool. William belonged to someone else. The moment he had been born, small and far too pale, his parents began to plan.
John pointed a finger at him. “Shut it.”
“But we made an impression.” Sherlock straightened his jacket and walked into their room. John followed him.
Sherlock doesn’t dare look at him. “I couldn’t. I had to do it alone.”
John shivered for a moment. The prince had given him the name John when he was but a boy.
“I am afraid, gentlemen, that tonight my home was attacked by a rival corporation.”
“That’s… that’s Sherlock. Someone I used to know.”
Once John’s pulse slows, Sherlock begins again. He picks a new patch of fresh, barely pink skin to hit. The change in pain level catches John off guard and he whistles through his teeth and stiffens his muscles. Sherlock hesitates. The crop waivers in his hand. Anger surges in his gut at the sight.
Perhaps James was right. The magic had addled all of their minds: James cursed with dreams and Knight and his brother cursed with speaking gibberish. Fear shook him, but neither Knight or his brother seemed concerned by their own actions.
Ah, there were the headlines. Surely there was an appropriate word for bread that began with ‘p’ that didn’t bring to mind
John flinches and in the second of hesitation, Sherlock brings the crop down again. He deserves everything Sherlock is willing to give him. Every strike, bruise, and painful jab. He surrenders to the onslaught. Each strike blurs into the next. He bites the inside of his cheek and rocks up into each strike. More. More.
“The cat.” He swallowed and firmly pressed his lips together. There was a distinct green tinge to his skin and sweat along his hairline.
A miscalculation. So simple, and yet Sherlock missed it. John is no longer throwing himself between Sherlock and Smith; he is now simply throwing himself, teeth clenched, fists raised, at Sherlock. Sherlock knows he has pressed John too far this time. John’s rage quivers and snaps, there in the sharp kick to Sherlock’s ribs, the spittle clinging to his bottom lip, the mussed hair no longer perfectly combed. Sherlock ruins him, has ruined him, will ruin him again and again. John shakes him harder. His head clanks against the wall.
“Bloody awful.” John laughed. Sherlock’s deep laugh soon followed, filling the flat with blessed sound.
“Christ, you don’t do anything by halves, do you?” John wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s arm and guided him to a stool.
After that all she saw was red; all she tasted was human blood.
The bedroom door opens. Sherlock stands quickly and moves away.
“Sherlock, if you don’t start making sense right now, I am going to call a cab and catch the next train out of here. Might make a stop by the police once I am back in London.” He wouldn’t, of course, but damned if Sherlock was going to know it.
You also once asked for-- prayed for-- me to be alive.
But the thought persisted. He worried it back and forth, persistent as a dog with a bone, as he made his way on yet another errand to the local grocer’s. Every day he had spent with Sherlock was reexamined. He looked for something to show him that Sherlock actually had wanted to be his friend. There had been that day, just after they had met, when Sherlock had convinced him to jump a neighbor’s fence to steal a few flowers for Sherlock to study. Neither one of them had known that the neighbor had just adopted an extremely territorial Rottweiler. One adrenaline fueled dash later and John started to laugh in between gasps. It was contagious and soon Sherlock was laughing along with him. Sherlock had looked surprised that John was laughing, like he couldn’t believe that they were having fun together. That mixture of shyness and pleasant surprise couldn’t be faked.
While he is lost, walking the same path over and over as looks for signs of life, the police arrive and spread out. He spares them a brief glance. Sherlock doesn’t know them. Not surprising; he knows so little of London these days. He is a ghost, a memory of days past, in a city that has moved on. He answers questions asked of him in short perfunctory responses, never removing his eyes from the huddle of emergency personnel gathered around John. He tamps down the fear that washes up and breaks along his spine.
John shook his head and leaned heavily against James. “I do not know.”
But he never minded the work involved because at the end of it, once his father deemed that the wood had been piled just right, and his mother finished tutting about the sand in her shoes, and Mycroft finished glaring at the sea, it finally grew quiet enough for Sherlock to listen to the fire. The wood popped and cracked, showering the night sky with delicate flakes of fire and ash. Mycroft mocked him for his romanticism when he said the little motes of fire reminded him of stars. He never mentioned it again, but he loved those moments. When he wiggled his toes into the sand, he relished the way the top layer gave way to colder, wetter sand under his persistent digging and the little thrill of chill that raced up his legs even as his face felt overly warm from sitting too close to the flames. Smoke clung to his shirt, burrowed its musk into his curls, and later, when he finally returned home, belly full of marshmallows and face sticky, he fought with his mother about taking a bath to rid him of the smell of burnt wood. He loved that smell and how it permeated everything he wore.
“John!” Sherlock’s mother opened the door wider. “Oh, thank goodness. We were so worried about you. Sherlock has been pacing the entire house, up and down the stairs at all hours of the night. Of course, we told him he couldn’t go running all over the place with his arm in a cast, but you know how he is. He was just certain that you had been shipped off to Siberia of all places. He tried to take the car as soon as we got home from hospital. Can you imagine him trying to drive with that awful cast on?”
Speech leaves Sherlock. Thought takes flight. His chest constricts. Too much. Not enough. John kisses him again, mouth, tongue, and body working together to bring Sherlock back. He gasps for air and tastes John. He grabs for him like a man lost at sea finally seeing rescue. John spares him the indignity of begging and follows him down. He hovers over Sherlock, arms braced on either side of Sherlock’s head.
He had just returned from another frustrating night of picking at his food at the local pub and trying to figure out how the hell you talked to civilians, when someone knocked on his door. In the time he had been back in London, no one had visited him. It obviously had to be someone lost. He snatched up his cane and shuffled to the door, shouting at the person to hold on when they knocked again.
“You going to eat that?” John pointed at a triangle of toast sitting in front of Sherlock.
A hysterical laugh bubbles up in Sherlock’s throat. He shakes his head. Behind closed lids, he can still see Eurus. Her face flashes from murderer to lost child—  a mask over a mask over a mask. A puzzle that Sherlock cannot solve that nearly killed the most precious thing in his life.
“Yes, John. Toes. How are toes any worse than anything else you have found out about me thus far?” Perhaps reminding him of the stalking wasn’t the best idea, but at least it would get John to stay and maybe yell a little more.
Too soon, John pulled away. A light dusting of pink colored his cheeks. He squared his shoulders and once more he was a soldier. Mission accomplished. “So, you said we were going to do a bit of snooping?”
He called, of course he did. The absolute worst would have been to show up announced and turned away. No, they had had their fair share of miscommunication and unexpected visits. At least a phone call gave him a bit of a barrier, a false cocoon of safety. But he needn’t have bothered with the armor. Sherlock seemed quietly surprised, if a bit hesitant at first. The soft gravel of his voice, now aged like a fine whiskey, turned something pleasant in John’s stomach and brought forth an onslaught of half-forgotten memories.
A set of glowing eyes peered at him through the darkness, followed by a low growl. Far too large to be a dog, Sherlock estimated that it came to his shoulder.
“Blast.” Tremaine tugged a scroll out of the pouch on his belt. “We’ve just received word of a force to the east. It doesn’t sound particularly large, but if we could get a better idea of what we might be dealing with, it would be great help.”
“Yes, how did you know?”
“I prefer to be barefoot.” Sherlock wiggled his toes to emphasize his point.
“Plenty, but I believe in observing the facts before making a final judgment.”
“Pity. You would have been such a useful watchdog. Sleep well,
He ignored the impulse to hack wetly into his mask and kept walking. Baker Street, lit by one lone streetlamp, rose grey and shadowed in front of him. The light flickered, doing little to illuminate the street. Cars, engines clogged, sat forgotten, like broken toys left in the wake of an angry child. The lumps of chrome and steel were barely visible under the blanket of grey ash and soot. Those that could have left London had long since done so, fleeing in droves in their tightly packed vehicles. Everyone else remained, knowing anywhere they fled would be just the same as London: cold, dark, dying.
“You two.” She shakes her head. “
“Fair enough. So, if it isn’t the widow, who is it? You must have theories.”
“Is that a roleplaying book?” He kicked his pants aside and slowly moved towards the bed. Calm. Casual.
Sherlock stiffened next to him, then grabbed his hand. Apparently, they were starting the whole dating business before they had even been shown to their rooms. Sherlock’s hand nearly swallowed John’s own. He hadn’t held a man’s hand in ages and he had forgotten how different it felt than holding a woman’s. John gave Sherlock’s arm a tug, as he seemed to be frozen in place. Together, they moved up to the porch. Before they even got within arms’ distance of the woman, John could already tell he was being glared at. Her gaze was nearly as piercing as Sherlock’s. Come to think of it, their eyes were a lot alike, too.
He huffed and shifted his massive bulk. Next to him, Knight ducked his head nervously. The pair of them were a study in contrast. Where he was large, Knight was small. The humans obviously took great pleasure in the name they gave him. While they pretended that ‘Goliath’ was an honorific, they made no attempts to hide that ‘Knight’ was nothing more than a joke. Let them laugh. They had never seen Knight actually fight. While John was the obvious warrior, full of training and strength, Knight simply survived. This made him all the more terrifying. Many an enemy found their end after underestimating Knight’s abilities.
and John Watson was not posh. How did Sherlock afford a place like this? Come to think of it, he didn’t even know who was paying Sherlock to investigate this case.
John remained on guard just outside the door, but he could easily hear Sherlock shuffling around in the small, enclosed space. “Anything? Maybe a clever little note that says ‘I did it’?”
The man smiled and tugged at his scarf. “No, but you are here for me.”
“Patently untrue. She obviously has more money than you do. What’s the point of doing these jobs if you turn down the money at the end of them?”
Behind him, a whoop of excitement heralded the entrance of Knight. His brother followed shortly, though at a more sedate and serious pace. “Goliath, y-y-you’re awake! We thought y-you’d never wake up.”
your stubborn smile on to your children.
“Better let me have a listen.” John stepped into the kitchen to retrieve his bag.
change the things that happened.
“Because I,” John swallowed and clenched his fist. “I missed you. All right? There. I missed you. I am a pathetic middle aged man--Christ, I’m almost fifty." He shook his head. "I’m a failure of a husband and. . .” His jaw snapped shut. Words caught just behind his teeth battled to be heard. He couldn’t say it: how it had felt to have his years of training as a doctor fail him utterly, how it felt to be helpless in the face of such despair, how the past year had been ugly, empty, and alone. He breathed hard out of his nose. Sherlock continued to stare at him, not giving him a chance to look away. He was pinned, open for Sherlock’s dissection. Terrible. Wonderful.
His jaw cracks in a yawn as he scratches at his stomach. His shirt rucks up a bit and reveals a flash of skin. One glance down at his trousers and he shrugs before flopping down on to his pillow. Sherlock glances at his face, noting the way the lines that frame his eyes are already slackening in sleep, and takes his cue to leave.
John ignores his texts (deserved, he admits, with a shame that drags at his shoulders). He sends them anyway and hopes for even a crumb of John’s attention. He hates himself for his weakness. But Baker Street is far too empty, his bed is cold and unforgiving, and every meal tastes like ash in his mouth.
push.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, while still smiling at the woman before him.
“Do you have any dishes at all? How the hell do you get anything done?” John snapped open a cupboard and froze. “Are those…?”
“Sweetpea, no!” Ms Simmons gave a horrified gasp and rushed forward.
When he finally earned his freedom again, he double-timed it to Sherlock’s house. He had expected his house to be ostentatious, something that smacked of the upper crust, but it wasn’t. It was nice, sure, but it didn’t sprawl or have thirty bedrooms and more servants than actual people living there. The Holmes’ household looked more cottage than manor and, though John still felt a little uncomfortable because it was unexpected and so different from what he was used to, he wasn’t constantly afraid that he might break some priceless vase.
“I believe hard work deserves payment, young man, and you will take this money.” She pressed the crumpled note into his hand and held it there until John nodded and closed his hand around it.
“Do you think they will ever look at us and not see demons?” John frowned, his stomach and chest now hollowed out, emptiness replacing joy.
“No.”
“Yes, well, I am sure you lost a good deal of weight while recovering. It probably wouldn’t hurt to put some back on.” Sherlock slipped his shoes off and worked his toes into the carpet. “You were good with them. Thank you.”
He willed his ears deaf, let the thunder roll over him and drown out William’s pleading. He turned away from William—
“How much do you think your heart will weigh after I burn it to ash, Sherlock? Light as a feather? Heavy as a stone?” Not-Moriarty taunts him. “What if I put it in a tonic and drank it? Do you think I’d grow a heart just like yours?”
"Naturally. I imagine by tomorrow evening we will be surrounded by cousins, second cousins, and third cousins twice removed. I’ve never been quite sure what a twice removed cousin entails, but I have been assured that it does not involve the surgical removal of anything. Mores the pity. And amongst all of these wonderful people will be all of my father’s brothers and sisters who are ever so fond of reminding my parents that they do not have any grandchildren and what a shame it is. As Mycroft detests the thought of getting outside of his well-pressed suit, it has fallen to me to be the one who has children.” Sherlock furiously tugged on the sleeves of his jacket. His movements ramped up past agitated and well into angry, overly caffeinated child. “Why do people even want grandchildren in the first place? Is it a sort of shared misery? We had to raise a snotty, disgusting brat so now it is your turn.” A button popped off his jacket.
To make a little extra money, he collected aluminum cans, shoved handfuls of them into plastic bags and hoped that each one would add just a little bit more to his nest egg. He buried his disgust and dug through bins to find any cans that people had carelessly thrown away.
With a huff, Sherlock gestured wildly. “I am in need of a date-- not even a real one-- and we are suited to each other, which will make the week go much faster than if I were to spend it with someone I couldn’t stand.”
of someone they didn’t care about. So?”
“Addison. And I’ve only been in Ms Simmons’s employ for the past three years. But my gran worked here for a long time. She came on back when Ms Simmons was a little girl.” She puffed out her chest. “Longest employee to stick with the Simmons family. Gran made sure I got on the staff before she retired. She still helps out with things here and there, bit of gardening. Bit of cooking.”
“Oh. Well, I suppose that is alright then,” Sherlock said. “If it would make you feel better, you can ask me anything you like and I will answer it honestly.” He straightened his spine, preparing himself for the worst.
“That’s quite the bruise you have,” Sherlock’s father said. “Suppose you got it doing whatever landed Sherlock with a broken wrist.”
“Right. Think that’s enough practice,” John said, soothing the sudden rough edge of his voice. He fixed his jacket, then knelt down to pick up his cane.
“Yeah, well if they’re as terrible as your parents, I think I can handle it. The worst your father dished out was who killed Lucy on EastEnders.” John yawned and tugged at the blankets until they suited him. “You staying up?”
But if asked, I would do it again and again.
“Don’t.” The word leapt from his tongue, angry and sharp. He pressed his lips together and tightened his grip on his basket. “Just don’t. It was two years ago and I didn’t expect you to-- just.” He paused, unable continue that line of thought. “It’s fine.” It wasn’t, but little had been in his life recently.
Sherlock croaked.
“It’s been awhile since I’ve got to handle one.” Sherlock pulled John’s gun out. “Not your service weapon, but one like it. You must really think we will get up to something dangerous to bring this along. Pity. It’s not loaded.”
“If they are this close, the castle must be the target.” He counted their number. It was a small force, easy enough to deal with and they were not making any attempts to conceal themselves. Whoever was leading them was a fool. John spiraled downward, gaining momentum as he tightened his circle. He heard James swear behind him, but he quickly followed.
John can wait no longer. He does his best to fuck up into Sherlock’s arse and his own orgasm rumbles through him, a thunderous crash that takes him by surprise. His body twists with it, arse clenching around the unforgiving dildo, thighs tensing, hips rising off the bed, lifting Sherlock with him. It rips him apart, leaving him boneless and shaking. He can’t breath through it; every molecule of him is ripped apart in the tide of it. Just as he thinks it has ended, his arse spasms around the dildo, pressing it into his prostate again and leaving him caught in a seemingly endless orgasm. Sherlock continues to rock on him, milking John for every drop of come in his body. His own cock lays soft and spent between them, smearing in the come spreading on John’s stomach.
He knows everything Sherlock would give him, if he asked. But he can’t, not anymore; John has already asked for too much.
John peels back the bandaging and tape and presses his fingers along the edge of the still healing scar. Sherlock’s heart jumps then falls, a flutter he attributes to adrenaline and exhaustion. He ignores the poet in him that says otherwise. Biology is far simpler than poetry, and less given to flights of fancy. A heart cannot be shattered. Pain is fleeting, even this one.
“John, no!” William’s scream cut through John and echoed in his ears.
John gently cradles Sherlock’s head in his hands. “Stop it. Stop it right now and look at me.”
“Lead the way.” Once Fantomas’s back was turned, Lestrade glanced over at Sherlock and hitched his chin in the opposite direction. Before he could complete the movement, Sherlock was already halfway down the hall, moving away from them.
Later that night, John thumped his pillow in frustration. He wasn’t going to meet him, that arrogant git. It was stupid. He didn’t even know the kid’s name and it wasn’t like he needed an extra set of hands to do this anyway. Would just get in the way. Probably would get him caught and with those skinny legs, no way he could outrun an angry neighbor.
“Yes, I heard him, though I think it would not be the best of ideas.”
William snapped the window closed behind John, then brushed past him. “I don’t know how you can stand to be out there in winter. I’m half-frozen already. Feel.” William thrust a hand out at John. His fingers, always so pale and thin, trembled in the space between them.
), never barked at him to be quiet. He had even let William touch his feet, which were fascinating. John’s legs were built more like a dog’s than a human’s. Made of powerful muscle and tipped in sharp claws, John always looked as if he was about to launch into flight, his large, bat-like wings dwarfing his compact body.
Lestrade quirked an eyebrow. “Didn’t know that computer business was so cutthroat.”
Online dating wasn’t turning out as he had hoped.
“You can.” Sherlock pushes John’s knees closer to his chest until his arse hangs in the air.
At this rebuke, the prince scrunched his nose in displeasure. “Mother expresses concern about a great many things. Just yesterday she was certain that I would catch my death because I had dared to go to bed with my hair wet.”
John finally loses his fight to stay quiet when crop comes down hard enough to break the skin on his stomach, right above his cock. He shouts. His entire body sings with pain, a bright hallelujah, that leaves him drunk. Distantly, he knows his face is already marred with tear tracks, but this level of destruction Sherlock is marking him with promises at remaking him, too.
As Sherlock moved to walk away, an inexplicable emotion flickering briefly across his face, John grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him in again. Just before he kissed him, Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock. The lion in John’s chest roared in victory as he sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip and tugged it between his teeth. He had been right. Sherlock’s mouth was made for this, to be roughly kissed until his mouth was slack and red from use. He wondered what Sherlock’s skin would look like rubbed raw from John’s stubble. Sherlock’s breath left his nose in a giant whoosh.
“But you are about to go live with something interesting, something that will change the playing field. You’ve been working on it for years, toiling away in secret, and now, the eve before your big reveal, your enemies decided to strike,” Sherlock said.
Perhaps that was the problem. They knew each other too well, knew where the cracks were in their careful facades.
“Yes. Much longer than one day.”
“Fly!” He launched himself at the soldier. Claws bit into flesh and with a satisfying rip, the soldier’s guts were exposed to the air. He turned, not bothering to waste any more time on the soldier, and howled. If he made himself a large enough target, it may give Knight time to get back to the castle. Before he could attack Tremaine, he tasted magic in the air. It burned his nose and made his flesh ripple in pain. Nearby, he heard Knight scream, then silence. He knew this feeling. It was like when the sun touched them, just as they turned to stone, but something was wrong. Dawn was still hours away and it never hurt like this. Even as he thought this, his joints locked up and he fell to the ground.
“He was only asleep for a day longer than us.” His brother lumbered forward and they clasped arms. He rested his forehead against John’s and spoke so only the two of them could hear. “I failed you, brother. If I had acted faster or stayed at the castle—“
“I freckle. Absolutely terrible and Mummy loves them to death. I’d like to avoid having my cheeks pinched.”
“Because I am interested in decomposition and I think we could use this to both of our advantages.”
“Why not? I know you loved Mum, I know. But you also didn’t keep the only picture of her you have locked away in a box for decades and get all--” She waves a hand at him as if to encompass all of whatever it was John was doing. “Soppy-eyed at the mere sight of it.”
John swallowed and gave his stomach a satisfied pat. “Lovely, absolutely lovely. So now what?”
John tilted his head ever-so-slightly and opened his mouth just enough to suck on Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s lapel and, after a moment’s hesitation, he followed John’s lead. He remembered no teeth this time, but tongues were obviously allowed as were lips and-- oh! John’s tongue flicked once into Sherlock’s mouth, nothing more than a tease and a taste. John tasted of eggs and black pepper and Sherlock wondered if he dipped his tongue into John’s mouth how long it would take for his own mouth to taste the same. He would gladly stand here the rest of the day to find out.
John tugged loose his tie and cast his shoes and shirt in whatever corner that was readily available. The bedroom door gave under a hasty shove.
“Of course.” John nodded.
“Sherlock, you do realize I am not actually meeting your parents, right? If they don’t like me, it’s not the end of the world.”
I nevr mattred to yu
She stumbles down the stairs, arms full of boxes, and John quickly rushes up to grab one from her. His hip protests the sudden movement, but he ignores it anyway. If he ignores the way his body aches these days, he can pretend he hasn’t become an old fart.
“You could get shot. Or blown up. Terrible idea.”
“No, really. Well, the picture was borrowed-- haven’t the faintest idea who it is-- but Emily is my account and I set up the date.” He rested his elbows on the table and grinned a little too widely. “Sherlock Holmes.”
Gut somewhere around his feet, Sherlock nodded. “Right. Of course. The case.”
“Yes!” Knight jumped into the air, his four small wings flapping eagerly.
“Yeah.” He nods and looks up at her. “Yeah, I still do.”
--Ms Simmons. John barely bit back a groan. The woman was going to think they were a pair of nymphomaniacs, which Sherlock didn’t seem to care about because he was currently smiling widely. He probably thought it was hilarious.
“Loved you.”
It came louder than the sound of beating wings. A great wind accompanied the thud and whoop of the beast and from its innards humans slid from rope. They were armored and though John could not make sense of their weapons, he knew an attack when he saw one. One of Fantomas’s guards shouted the alert, confirming what John already knew to be true. His clansmen were gone, but he would defend the castle as long as it stood.
John clears his throat and blinks slowly at him. “I can manage. If you don’t mind getting my shoes. Pretty sure I’d fall over if I tried.” He makes at a smile. One cheeks jerks before he aborts the motion and licks his lips. “Christ, I could use a shower.”
“Very well. Take my brother and James with you. It would be good to know the lay of the land.” James loved a good flight and, if nothing else, it would serve to distract his mind from the visions he saw.
“C-c-come on, John!” Knight smiled up at him, eyes wide and expectant. His four small wings flapped and he hovered just above the ground. Excitement vibrated off of him. “We haven’t even looked at London y-yet. Gerard said we could.”
“Please. We want her to be looking at you. The more she is looking at you, the less inclined she’ll be to notice me poking around.”
“John,” he said. Hope had never more fully infused a word. John drank in his face like a man dying of thirst, even as terror filled his belly. William still trusted him, still believed that John would save them all.
“Dull. I’ll meet you back here on Friday. Ten o’clock should do it. Fewer people around to see what we are up to. Most of them will be at work by then.” He was gone before John could tell him he wasn’t interested.
“Ah. John, about the funeral.”
“John, was there something you wanted?”
“Claw marks!” Sherlock screamed in his ear over the sound of people panicking.
“Stop blocking the bloody aisle!” A red faced man shoved his way past Sherlock and insinuated himself in between the two of them.
“Of a sort, yes.”
John shook his head. The kid was absolutely bonkers. Who wanted to poke rotting things if they didn’t have to? And who the hell dressed like that while doing it?
“You do not scare me.” She pulled herself into the tree. The branches creaked and swayed under her weight, but held. She wrapped her hand around the branch above her, ready to pull herself up next to him, when he pounced. In a blur, he thundered into her, crashing and sending them both tumbling through the branches and down onto the wet earth below. She welcomed him with open arms, letting him pin her with ease.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. He counted to ten. And then again. Sherlock held back the urge to tell him to fire his therapist as the counting was just making John even more angry. “Whose toes are they?”
“I can explain.” He edges closer to John. His palms ache to cradle John’s head and smooth his fingers along John’s brow until the tortured wrinkles there ease. He shoves the impulse down.
“It’s not in your face; it’s in my--”
“Jesus Christ. Are you high right now? Is that what this is about?” John struggled to his feet.
She tucks herself up against him and hugs him. “Too late for that now.”
He snatched up a dinner roll from Mrs. Hudson’s last attempt to get him to eat something. It was stale and crunched under his teeth, but it would suffice until he could order something. As he reached for his disorganized stack of menus, the doorbell rang. He paid it no mind. He wasn’t expecting any guests. He shoved another dinner roll in his mouth, coughing a bit around his mouthful. Fumbling for a glass of water, he failed to hear the door open. He spun around at the sound of someone entering his flat.
Sherlock brushed a thumb across John’s mouth, silencing John’s stutter in its tracks. John shivered at the caress of Sherlock’s touch as it traveled along his jaw and across his stubble. Perfect, but not enough, until Sherlock’s lips, still cold from the outside, pressed against his own. John tugged hard on his collar, pulling him closer, and with a gasp, Sherlock opened his mouth. The shift from cold to warm was shocking and wonderful. Teeth, lips, and tongues met in a tangled, awkward,
“He was a ghost buster. Also the voice of that talking cat. I liked the cat.” His brother glared at Knight. “He had a healthy appetite.”
Sherlock frowned and shook his head after a moment of contemplation. “No, that sounds messy. And dull.”
“You were mine.” William bit off the word. He struck the ground with a clenched fist.
“That is entirely unfair. I was sharing something with you when you were feeling poorly. This is what people do, isn’t it?” Sherlock flipped up his collar.
“What?”
“Your Highness.” He shifted on the outcropping that was his home perch. From it, he gazed down upon the castle, the muddied roads and squat buildings that surrounded it, and beyond to the rolling fields, now dusted with snow. The old river cut through it all, slow and stately. Night pressed in, blanketing the land in darkness and silence.
“The Simmons family estate was turned into a bed and breakfast as a way to generate much-needed income. When she married her last husband, she moved into his home. Since his death, she has returned to the family estate and lives on the premises. Apparently, she is in mourning.” He rolled his eyes at the thought of such ridiculous sentiment. “Luckily, the bed and breakfast is located within walking distance of the home she and her late husband occupied. We will be able to observe her and do some snooping about.”
“I thought you dead. When last I saw you, you were…” James grabbed him and tugged him close, clinging to him in a sea of fear. John held still, letting James inspect him. His eyes darted over John’s body, studying every bit for sign of injury. “They left their mark on you.” Anguish colored his words as his face fell.
And with that, she was gone and silence unfurled between them. Sherlock tentatively sat on the stool next to him and propped his cast up on the table. They both took up a careful study of the grain patterns on the table.
Peter Ricolleti’s capture is splashed across the front page and John can’t stop giggling at the sight of Sherlock in that ridiculous hat now on every major news site in England. That’s the first time Sherlock kisses him: to stop John from giggling. He tastes of beer and chips. John hums into the kiss and chases him across the table. He tangles his fingers into Sherlock hair, fisting the curls to hold him exactly where he wants him. Sherlock growls into John’s mouth and bites his bottom lip. The sharp sting of his teeth makes John grunt.
“The rest of the feet, of course.” Hadn’t there been a full set of toes in the dish? Best not to mention to John that there might be a rat about with its own collection of human toes.
“You heard?” John gritted his teeth.
“John, I didn’t know. Father hadn’t told me and if he had—”
And yet:
Sherlock grabs John’s wrist with his left hand and raises his right hand. Their eyes meet. Sherlock’s fingers dig into John’s wrist. He’ll let go if John tells him to. Instead, John lifts his chin, lips pressed together in a thin line, and glares at Sherlock. A dare. A
Later, Sherlock would insist that he did not scream. John would agree and insist that what he did was screech. Either way, Sherlock did throw the pillow at John’s head and yelled (shrieked) in a manly (high-pitched) and commanding (terrified) voice, “Penis!”
John stood just on the threshold of the kitchen, shoulders straight, stance wide. He gave Sherlock a flat smile and rapped the tip of his cane on the floor. “Right then. What was that about a case?”
The front door of their flat opens and shuts. Sherlock bounds down the stairs, Rosie in tow. He hears the delighted coo of Mrs. Hudson from downstairs inviting Sherlock in. He won’t be gone long, he never is when they do this. They promised they would never do this with Rosie in the flat. Not on days when even the air leaves John wanting to rage. Not when Sherlock needs to give him a firm hand.
John gestured to his wet shoe. “Yeah, I can see that. She just really leaves her mark on you, doesn’t she? Won’t be forgetting her any time soon.”
“John!” William’s cry washed away in the rising wind. John snapped his wings and turn his head towards the sky. The clouds rolled over him, eager to swallow him whole if he just gave into the urge to soar.
“It’s alright. Everyone is.”
He had not, however, counted on Sherlock being such a quick study. God, he was absolutely screwed. Sherlock clung to him, fingers gripping his jacket like it was a lifeline, and growled into the kiss. The sound travelled right down to John’s toes, curling them in his boots. He knew Sherlock was good at acting. Hell, he’d proven that yesterday with his ability to turn his tears on and off like a switch. He told himself, even as Sherlock’s tongue shyly touched his own, that he couldn’t accept this as real. His cock, on the other hand, was quite intrigued. Perky, even.
“Mike told you my life story?” John’s cheek twitched.
A fair question. Sherlock quickly glanced around the room and confirmed that one, they were not in a operating room, and two, there was a comforting lack of giraffes. He blamed the recent attack of sleep for the fact that it took him so long to figure out both. John could be very convincing at times. Sitting up, he studied John. It had been obvious since the moment he first began talking to John on the internet that John had trouble sleeping, but walking and talking in his sleep? This was new information. It was absolutely fascinating. He could study John this way for ages, noting down every odd phrase, provided John didn’t do anything to hurt himself. First, he needed to test how aware John was of the world around him. “Because we needed something to hang the bags from. Sir.”
“During the day, of course.” William rolled the sleeves of his tunic up, baring pale arms lightly dusted with freckles and moles. Muscles, new and still beginning to truly take shape, flexed under his skin. A ring of bruises, the exact mirror of a hand print, decorate one of his wrists.
Still it grates on him. No one asks. John suffered and Sherlock must know that, but Sherlock suffered, too.
John wiped the sweat from his forehead and sat back on his heels. Mrs. Lancaster’s garden had seen better days. Ever since the stroke, she couldn’t tend it like she used to, and her husband insisted that he had a black thumb. John wasn’t particularly sure he had a green thumb, but he at least knew how to pull weeds and dig holes. Anything else Mrs. Lancaster was sure to direct with a sharp word. Sherlock eyed the pile of weeds with a gleam that John had come to learn meant that Sherlock had an idea. He just hoped it didn’t involve fire this time.
John pulled Sherlock closer, one hand falling to his hip and another fisting the back of his coat, fixing him snugly in place against John’s chest. His cane fell to the ground, momentarily forgotten. What he lacked in height on Sherlock, he (more than) made up for in skill.
“Shoddy craftsmanship. I barely even brushed it.” He cast the beam from his light around the shed. “Waste of time, anyway. He didn’t kill Humphrey. Or the other two husbands.”
Sherlock doesn’t say. “It hurts no matter if you are changing the bandage or not. At least this way, I don’t have to worry about some nurse that Mycroft hired.”
Sherlock smothered a chuckle. “Well, I did promise you a bit of adventure.”
“Hm, yes. Picking the chair closest to the exit while still having your back to the wall? Screams of military service.”
“You don’t like taking her money.” Sherlock ducked in front of him and walked backwards so he could study John.
“A date.”
“Yeah. Like you are sad remembering, but also kind of wistful.”
Sherlock jumps out of the cab just as it pulls to a stop. The driver gives a shout of annoyance, but he ignores him and pulls a still groggy John to his feet. He lets Mary pay and shuffles towards the door. By the time the two of them reach it, Mary is fumbling with her keys to open the door. It is the first time he has seen the inside of their home.
Unable to stand the look on Sherlock’s face any longer, John surged upwards and smashed their mouths together. Sherlock fumbled at John’s clothes and snaked a hand under his shirt. Tremors continued to shake Sherlock's frame, as if his own wound had been opened for John to see. Each of Sherlock’s movements begged for him again and again. John tightened his arms around Sherlock and stilled his trembling. With kisses and love bites, John marked his own mantra across Sherlock’s skin: “Of course. Always.”
Finally-- Christ-- finally, Sherlock wraps a hand around his own cock. He pulls away from the kiss, leaving the taste of blood lingering on John’s tongue. The red head of his cock disappears into his fist and Sherlock once again begins to rut down onto John’s cock. Sherlock’s breath picks up, each breath punching out of him, as his hand picks up speed. His free hand latches on to John’s nipple and twists it hard, his whole body locking up as he orgasms. Come splatters across John’s stomach and Sherlock’s fingers turn into a vice on John’s already abused skin. Sherlock gasps and quakes above him, riding the wave of the high.
“Ugh. Dull. I didn’t think the average intelligence of the student body could drop any lower, but I was proven wrong. All anyone wants to discuss is who is snogging whom.” He spit snogging out as if it pained him to even use the word.
Taking another turn, Sherlock stepped out onto a parapet. The cold wind buffeted at him and this high up, the lights of the emergency vehicles below were nothing more than weak fireflies. He stooped and pulled out his magnifier and torch. He clenched the torch between his teeth before setting about studying the floor. More claw marks, like the ones he had seen on the boulder below, adorned the surface of the ground, along with scorch marks. Whatever caused it was certainly powerful and quick, though smaller than himself.
John’s begging is swallowed up by silk, but he still tries. Sherlock leans forward, pulls the underwear from his mouth, and smashes their mouths together. It’s more a punch than a kiss. Teeth clack against each other. Sherlock bites John’s bottom lip hard enough to draw blood. He deepens their kiss to drown out John’s cries of pain and his begging for permission to come.
“Yes, ma’am.” John stood and brushed the dirt from his knees. He didn’t mind the work, but it always left him wishing for a bath as soon as possible. “Need me to do the watering?”
. He wasn’t lonely. He had plenty of books and his violin. The skull wasn’t the best conversationalist, but it was quiet when he needed silence. “I don’t need a friend.”
Feel free to come poke me on tumblr at UrbanHymnal. :)
Another boy found him just like that: John up to his elbows in someone else’s rubbish, small plastic bags of cans sitting stuffed next to his feet.
Ahead they could see emergency lights reflecting off the expensive front of buildings that lined Kensington. It looked like damn near every copper in the city was there, along with every search and rescue team. The street had been blocked off, but people still lingered nearby, eager to see what all the fuss was about. A few tired officers steered them away from the glass front apartment building, a modern monstrosity now billowing smoke from its top floor.
“Why not?”
John turned away for a moment, hands occupied with packing up his bag. “No worse than mine.” He offered a flat smile over his shoulder. “How’d it go?”
He resisted the urge to recoil at hearing the name the prince gave him. For all that it went against their nature, the gargoyles had adapted to the use of names. His brother was the only one who hadn’t bothered to adopt a name for himself, choosing to avoid spending time with the humans as much as possible.
“A valid concern, your Highness.”
Sherlock looked at his watch. “Strange. You usually don’t get this grumpy so soon after a meal. Should I have someone fetch you a snack or do you need a lie down?”
“I would think that would make them all the more desperate to do things right in the time they have.” John dove through the clouds. In the distance, he could see fires burning. There were no villages that way, only rocky coastline and the cold spray of the sea.
John.
Of course, these thoughts would come later, when he was trying to hide the fact that he had just thought of John in military uniform. What immediately followed the treacherous food getting firmly lodged in his windpipe was:
Sherlock’s skin on display, torso wrapped tight in a corset, as he quickly responded to John’s instructions to–-
and took flight.
“I didn’t say it was.” Sherlock’s father smiled. “Suppose it was over the cat then? He does love his strays.” He placed a gentle hand on John’s shoulder. It was odd talking to Sherlock’s father. John could tell that Sherlock took after his father in his looks; the eyes were different and Sherlock’s hair was darker, but there was no denying that they were father and son. But where Sherlock was careful with his smiles, as if they had to be guarded and only shared rarely, his father smiled openly. “C’mon, let’s get you home and I’ll see to this new addition to the Holmes’ household.”
Holiday music blared from Mrs Hudson’s living room and the smell of too much cinnamon and cloves tickled his nose. The hallway was welcoming and warm after standing out in the cold and if John just squinted his eyes a bit, he could pretend that nothing had changed in the past five years. The wallpaper was different and a table had been moved next to the door, but it still, even after all this time, felt like home.
Three days out of hospital and Sherlock still can’t sit up in bed without getting winded. Ridiculous. His chest is intact. No doctor cracked it open, despite the way his ribs feel. The bruising from chest compressions had been relatively minimal, nothing broken.
A laugh floated in from the hallway, quickly followed by an unfamiliar head peeking around the door frame.
John stopped short. “Pardon?”
years without even a word of discussion.”
“For the money?”
Ah. Widower. Father of the little girl standing just on the edge of the firelight.
“No!” John squeezed his arm. “You are sound. These visions are nothing more than magic. We will figure out the cause of them and fix it.”
John paused at the mouth of the alley. “Why do you want to know?”
John raised an eyebrow. “Right because ducking into our room until she was gone would have been too much trouble.” To illustrate, John pushed the door open next to him and gestured.
“Or what? You’ll have a go at me with your cane?” Sherlock took a step back out of arm’s reach.
John pressed his full weight down, a growl rumbling in his chest.
Sherlock frowned at him. “John, you are always useful.”
Sherlock fought a smile. “It took up far too much room.”
“We c-c-can keep to the rooftops. No one will see us. It’s just… the city is so big.” He gestured widely.
John’s shoulders crawled up toward his ears. “Yeah, well, she could use the money.”
“Of course.” A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “Except it really is a terrible flat.”
“Right, right. Get that damned thing out of my face.”
Sound washed out of the room, leaving behind a dull rumble in William’s ears. Married? He had known his father had been speaking of it for some time, but he had not known that negotiations had moved forward so quickly. He sought out John’s eyes, hoping for some objection--anything-- but all he saw was the flash of his tail as John stormed out of the room.
“No, no. Reggie can handle that just fine.” She waved him over as she slowly made her way back to the patio. “Now, what did we agree on?” She fumbled with her purse, fishing out some money.
He had expected more out of John Watson. Stamford had insisted that he was a reliable man and quite capable. Granted, he could have found a different way to find out more about the man. Perhaps he could have had Stamford introduce him? No, that would have resulted in pleasantries-- hello, how do you do, oh just fine, thanks. Ugh, horrible. This way they had both laid their cards on the table. He hadn’t expected John to react the way he did, but if John Watson couldn’t handle a Sherlock rather than an Emily, he certainly wouldn’t be able to handle the rest of Sherlock’s life.
Mary knew where she stood in the grand scheme of things. She was John’s mate, but not his lover. She loved him in the abstract, but there were only so many spots in John’s heart. He was an idiot for falling in love with a human. Humans dealt in deceit and heartbreak. John was still young, but Mary could remember when the humans had hunted their kind. It was not so far off that she had grown complacent. They may have formed a trust with some humans, but most were simply looking for an excuse to kill them all.
“Hm, no. Think it best to be leaving now.” He pulls a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, taps the pack until one slips free.
“Yeah, Mike. John Watson. Mind meeting up for a drink?”
John stared at his hand. How perfectly warm would it feel in his own hand, pressed against his chest? Temptation, the friar had called it. He dug his talons into his palms. “I doubt I would be much warmer. The cold doesn’t bother me as it does you.”
John moved away from the door, not bothering to see if Sherlock followed. He sat down hard on his bed and rubbed at his thigh. “What do you want?”
“Yeah, well they made it easy on me.” John scratched his stomach and eyed Sherlock lazily. “They are good people, Sherlock. Think you are overselling their eagerness on having grandchildren.”
“Well, when my parents insisted on a celebration of some kind, I thought it might be nice to have a distraction available. Lucky for me their original plans fell through.” Sherlock glanced down at John’s fingers where they were still tangled in his own.
“I would break him.” John landed atop a parapet. He did not fold his wings about him as he did when around humans. Instead, he stretched them wide, letting sinew and muscle sing at the freedom of being able to do so.
His heart stutters in his chest. They had given up on whipping him hours ago and have since resorted to beating him with a lead pipe. He tried holding in his screams at first, the pain mounting and mounting, as his heart beat furiously against his ribs. The stubborn, hateful muscle pounded away.
For a moment, Sherlock feels him pressed against his back, breath hot on his overheated skin. He can’t answer Moriarty’s questions in between his own screams. Lead or feathers—  they all fall in the end and Sherlock is plummeting. Fever simmers, boils, breaks. He is ablaze. He imagines his heart turning into a block of ice—  frozen, hard, and untouchable.
A cough clawed up his chest and ripped through his throat. The sharp, wet pain bent him double as he gasped for air. When he finished, he leant against the wall to keep from falling. John stood silently just out of reach, mouth tucked into a frown. Sherlock always hated these moments, hated his transport more than he ever had before. It wasn’t the weakening lining of his lungs or the way his phlegm was now darkened with grey and red that troubled him. No, it was the look that crossed John’s face in the seconds that followed one of his coughing fits.
“I’ll say. Doubt she will be forgetting our faces, which is going to make poking around a little difficult.”
John shoves the photo back into the box and clears his throat. “I’m not going to talk about this with you.”
The pain drops away under Sherlock’s ministrations, replaced with a growing high. John’s mind follows it; his body rocks with each thrust, and responding solely to Sherlock’s movements. He slides up the bed as Sherlock leans harder into him. He stares unseeing up at Sherlock’s face, unable to process past the way Sherlock drives him harder and harder towards a breaking point John both fears and craves.
Sherlock nodded. “Fine. Complete honesty.” At least when it mattered.
“Oi! Just because you are frustrated--”
Sherlock growls in frustration as he pulls the drawers on the table open, frantically searching its contents. “Useless! How am I to find him if they leave nothing behind?” He slams a drawer closed and scrubs a hand through his curls.
“Happy Christmas.”
The bag drops from his limp hand and a tortured sound struggles horribly in his throat. “Oh, Christ.”
Something unreadable crossed Sherlock’s features. It flitted past for but a moment, crinkling his eyes and twitching the corners of his mouth, before vanishing. He nodded once. “Starving.” With that, he stepped out of the way, opened the door, and gestured John into the building.
John.
Sherlock, the giant fucking prick that he is, pushes the dildo just past the flared knot and stops sucking his cock.
Love like theirs has never come easy. It must be held with gentle hands and treated with equally gentle actions, lest it break. It must be practiced, in fits and starts, and like any student grown frustrated with a difficult piece, left to sit in solitary for a time.
“You’re the one laughing.”
“More than a gay couple?” John raised an eyebrow.
“I can give it back.
“Wasting time.” John looked pointedly at his watch.
The bellhop fumbled with the key and stuttered directions to room 308, then made a show of quickly getting out of John’s way. Good. He wasn’t in the mood to deal with more than one idiot at a time. Just short of their room John backed Sherlock up against a wall and shoved a finger in his face. “What the hell are you playing at? That was your mother!”
Sherlock ducks into the backseat. John leans into him, seeking his heat. Fine tremors run along John’s frame as his body gives into the persistent pounding of exhaustion and fear. Through the layers of fabric, Sherlock’s nerves pop and crack, throwing up blue sparks. He rests against John. Dangerous.
A laugh ripped through John’s throat. “Is that what we were?”
They didn’t talk about it again. Instead, they fell back into their routine. They didn’t venture far from Sherlock’s house, but it didn't matter as there was still plenty to do in the surrounding area. There was a small wooded area nearby and they spent several days looking for mushrooms and other poisonous plants. After a long argument, John convinced Sherlock that trying one, even if it was only a little bite, was probably a bad idea.
Sherlock quickly stood from the table. “Now, we do some snooping.”
“Oh, I meant the dog.” Sherlock tried to smother his grin, but only managed to succeed in making himself look something akin to a constipated turtle.
“Their lives are very short, John.” His voice was a gentle rumble by John’s side.
“Jamie?” Sherlock gently reaches out to the boy, careful to avoid touching him. The boy lifts a tear stained face to him. “You’re safe now. They are gone.”
“I will ask you again, human, why are you here?” He stepped forward, nearly close enough to touch. This close Sherlock smelled his scent, earthy like fresh grass, and saw the sharp angle of his incisors. The man’s nostrils flared and his brow twisted, rage giving way to confusion. He sniffed again then leaned in close to Sherlock’s face.
“So could you.”
Dosn;t mattr
Long before Sherlock. Before the army. Before his father’s death. Maybe it was the moment his father raised his hand in anger at John for making too much noise at dinner. The epicenter of that moment reached far beyond its initial impact. The cracks in him have left him fragile. He broke so long ago and now he has nothing to hold the fragments together.
The moment Sherlock died, a wall gave way in John’s chest, and with it, the carefully constructed facade he had presented to the world. He wasn’t a brave man; he was a coward, running from every relationship that hinted at intimacy. He hid behind a clenched jaw, a tight fist, and a stoic sensibility that bottled emotion and buried it deep. But Sherlock had wormed his way past all of that, dug deep into the earth that made John, and planted a seed of something greater than John’s need to fight. With him gone, John no longer had the strength to play at being a solider. Sherlock had ruined him.
He slides his hand through John’s hair and cups the nape of his neck. John sobs go quiet for a moment and then begin anew. Sherlock can’t fix this. He can’t reverse the path of a bullet or change the trajectory of a fall from grace, but he will pull John back together. Sherlock’s hand brought about destruction, wrecking John’s life, but now he will pay his price. If he pulled down John down into the depths of hell with him, he will be his guide back out. It is the least he could do.
“Ah yes, your moth-eaten army issued socks. The King, I am sure, knitted the socks himself.”
“Come live with me.”
“Which is?” John tightened his grip on his cane.
“Were you lovers?” Her eyebrows slowly climb into her hairline.
. Blood caked on his back and dried and was replaced with fresh blood. Through it all, he grit his teeth, refusing to give them what they wanted.
“Sherlock. And you are digging through rubbish for me. I think that is a fair exchange of goods.” Sherlock (and god, what a name) drew out a set of bright yellow rubberized gloves and pulled them on. They dwarfed his skinny arms, making him look all the more ridiculous. “Well, go on then. Don’t mind me.”
He kicks the door closed behind them. John is boneless and pliant against him and tips far too easily onto the bed. Sherlock catches him and helps him slip out of his jacket, then hesitates at the buttons on his shirt.
, he thought.
James wet his lips. “The stone took me, but I could hear things, see them.”
John huffed out a slow, hard breath through his nose, as Sherlock’s hand began to move. He felt Sherlock shift on the bed, his hand moving in familiar patterns around him. John focused on that, on the way Sherlock knew his body better than any other lover he had ever had, let his hips rock up to meet each stroke. Sherlock pulled the sheet away and, behind his closed eyes, John could feel Sherlock’s eyes tracing the ragged scar on his shoulder, the soft line of belly, the jut of his hip, the growing tightness of his skin.
The sound of the first padlock dropping to the ground greeted his ears. “Obvious. I saw him walking the grounds last night after you went to bed. He hadn’t bothered to change out of his groundskeeper uniform.”
Again.
“Then you should also know that they have a hard time learning from their mistakes. So little time on this earth and they have to be constantly moving. Never look back. Forward, forward.” He snorted through his muzzle. “It must be a tiring existence.”
“Oh Jesus. Oh Christ. Fuck.” John stumbles backward and slams into the fridge behind him. A jar teeters dangerously on the top and crashes to the floor; the glass shatters like a gunshot. John flinches and drops to the ground like a puppet cut free of its strings.
He willed his mouth to open, for the words caught in his throat to bellow, but nothing came. His sight flickered, eyelids sticking together uncomfortably. He needed to see, but something in his stomach turned at the thought of fully opening his eyes.
John scrubbed his face with his hand. “Why on earth would you think that that is an acceptable way of asking someone out?”
Days like these, when John loses himself, when he needs a fight, Sherlock obliges. The first smack hits John high across his cheek, making his sinuses ring and his teeth ache. The second comes from the other side just moments later, leaving John unbalanced. John staggers, his mind teetering between
“I’m hurting you,” John says.
Still, Moriarty is there and Sherlock’s heart burns.
“No, you’re not, you. . .”
John isn’t, but this-- the moment after-- makes him feel like some day he might be. Some day, he might be able to balance out all the bad, all the fuck ups. The storm in his chest gives way to a brief calm and he can finally breathe.
Sherlock’s stomach fluttered. He placed a hand on it as if he could convince himself through touch alone that he would not be a head-over-heels teenager. John’s face had been fascinating to study, that was all. His micro-expressions nearly shouted at Sherlock: a confused crease of the skin around his eyes, a frustrated puckering of his lips, an angry twitch of his nose. Each and every one demanded an entire monograph.
“W-w-we could help.” Knight looked back at him, a grin already lighting up his face. They rarely got a chance to leave the castle.
“I suppose I should have known you would have one, but still I am surprised you thought to bring it along. I’m flattered.”
“Get out.” John grabs him by the lapels. “I said, get out!”
“No.” John hated when he did this. It was fine when he tried to figure out other people, but he didn’t like Sherlock staring at him like he’s a puzzle just waiting to be solved.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry. That was rude of me. Shouldn’t have laughed.” John awkwardly patted his arm. Should he hug him? That would be odd, wouldn’t it? John moved to lean in and suddenly Sherlock was no longer crying.
“No.” Sherlock sipped his coffee dutifully. He had only bothered eating part of the toast because John had glared at him when he had first turned his nose up at the suggestion of breakfast.
That was… well. It
“Because sometimes it feels good to do things for other people.” Why couldn’t Sherlock ever drop things? He pushed and pushed and didn’t care one wit who he hurt when he did it. John kicked a rock in frustration.
Sherlock whines and John tilts his head just so. Their lips grow wet and humid as they find a rhythm. John nips and teases at the tender flesh of Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock opens for him, reveling in the feel of John’s tongue and the wet slide of their lips against each other. John’s hands wander down Sherlock’s arms, around his back, and up again, setting Sherlock ablaze with each pass.
John winced at the harsh, twisted croak of Sherlock’s voice. “Yeah, it does. It matters to me.” The stethoscope was cold even through the layer of Sherlock’s shirt, but it felt welcoming against his overheated skin.
It was going to be just like any other mission. Get in, assess the situation, handle the problem, and get out. Maybe they wouldn’t even have to stay the entire week.
“All right?” John’s voice has gone soft, a whisper tinged with laughter. He brushes a kiss against Sherlock’s eyebrow, over his eyelids, across his cheeks.
“You stalked me--”
. Humor danced in their eyes any time they said it. John was no giant, though the captain of the guard swore that the name was an honorific, not an insult.
His brother was an idiot. He loved him, of course, but John often thought a bit too much. John seemed to only be happy when he was at war, either on the battlefield or in his head. Ridiculous way to live, but then it was bound to happen when a gargoyle spent so much time around humans. Humans twisted them all up.
“William, John. Remember?”
Rosie’s questions had picked away at him, even after she had left for her trip. The house felt too huge, too quiet with her gone. Still, it had taken him a month to finally give in to his curiosity. After that, it had taken him nearly a week to track down where Sherlock was living now, and Rosie all of five minutes to find out Sherlock’s phone number. (
Which was important right now as Sherlock was choking on a bit of bread. The humiliation: the most brilliant mind of the modern age finally taken down by soggy crust.
Luckily for him, John was just as much of an arsehole. Oh, he hid it under bland jumpers, pleasantries, and an easy, lazy smile, but John didn’t have friends. He kept the world at a distance and bared his teeth at anyone who tried to get too close. A childhood of abuse and neglect left its mark on John. (He had never acknowledged it, but he had deduced this about John just as easily as he had his military career.) John guarded his vulnerability in much the same way Sherlock did. Both of them had armor to protect their soft bellies from the sharp daggers of the world.
A large chunk of stonework slammed into the roof of a police car, tearing metal and shattering glass. Lestrade pulled them both down for cover.
He was grateful for that connection now. The keys, warm from being in his pocket, felt a bit like Sherlock’s hand in his. It was a reassuring weight that even managed to bridge months of silence. He rubbed his thumb back and forth over the key, his feet now frozen to the stoop, not with cold, but with uncertainty. Did Sherlock even want to see him? John flinched at the words they had exchanged earlier.
A cautious hand slid across the nape of John’s neck and pulled him close. His muscles slowly unwound as Sherlock traced his fingers along the back of John's neck. They stood breathing in each other’s space, frozen, and then Sherlock ducked his head down in order to meet his gaze. “No, John. You filled this space. In all the cracks and nooks and crevices, you marked it as your own and your absence has made the foundation all the weaker. And if that makes you a horrible person, then so am I, but I think we both know that by now.”
“No, I’m really not. Look, if you could shove off, I am waiting on someone.” The paper coffee cup in his hand wobbled. He sucked in his cheeks and fought the urge to still the tremor with his off hand. It wouldn’t do any good.
“The same as it went the day before and the day before. Morons.” Sherlock rested his elbows on the table and pressed his hands over his face.
“Just… put it back where you found it.”
A formula—
John grimaced in sympathy. “How long have you worked here…?” He paused, waiting for her to provide her name.
“What about you?”
Sherlock bent over John’s knee because Sherlock had failed to clean up last night’s experiment.
“Sherlock!” An older woman waved from the porch. “Don’t just stand there. Come up and let me have a look at him.”
castle?”
Like this, John feels powerless. He tests Sherlock, pushing with his legs. Sherlock puts his weight into it and holds his legs down. His arm is a bar behind John’s knees, keeping him bare and open to the world. What comes next is up to Sherlock and, in giving over fully, John’s anger fractures. Bit by bit, it disintegrates. Anger gives way to physical pain, something John knows how to endure far better than the emotional wreck his mind has been all morning. He focuses on the pain. It swallows him up. The muscles in his legs spasm and protest the position; his arms have gone numb; his arsehole is stretched and far too full. But god, his mind has finally stopped the repetitive loop of guilt and rage at least for this one blessed moment.
“Murray.” His brother crossed him arms, his face overly grim.
John shook his head. “Sorry, but do I know you?”
“Sherlock, you don’t get to-- no. Just no. You were the one who decided to stop talking to me. Two years, Sherlock. Not a single word. The last I heard you were so depressed you could barely get out of bed and I had to hear that from your mum. You couldn’t even send me an email to let me know you were okay? Or to say that you weren’t interested in talking anymore?”
Hope and doubt warred in John’s chest: hope that there would be many opportunities to spend time alone and doubt that it would happen. He cast a look into the room before climbing inside; the small room that William had claimed as his study was empty save for them.
“Yes, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Would hate for the door to be broken. All of London could get in.” He jerked at his coat. His arms tangled in it for a moment and he gave a frustrated shout, before finally freeing himself. He tossed his coat down the stairs, barely missing Mrs. Hudson. With a huff, she ducked into her flat.
“I heard you’d been invalided out.”
William’s heart jumped, beating as fast as a bird’s wing. John stepped into the room, trailed by his brother and Mary. He felt more than saw his mother stiffen beside him.
Sherlock winced. “Mummy, please. John and I simply had a misunderstanding.”
William’s face fell. “I had hoped we could have remained friends.”
The second call squawked over the radio just as Lestrade was finishing his cigarette: shots fired, same address.
“And Molly is an axe murderer as well?” John finally opened his eyes, though he looked as if he was ready to close them and count to a hundred if the need arose.
But both can heal. They’ll have to, whether Sherlock wishes it or not.
“The prince is…,” he let the sentence trail off and die between them. What more was there to say? William simply was and in his very being he took up all the room in John’s mind. Ignoring him had proven fruitless. Once he had set his eyes on John, that had been it; their fates were twined together, for good or ill.
Mrs. Hudson slaps him (deserved) and screams at him, before crying into the lapels of his coat.
Soon, his eyelids drooped, tugged down by the weight of a long day. He dreamt of nothing concrete, simply the smell of cheap soap, freshly starched shirts, and sunlight warming skin until it was golden. It’s a calming dream, a steady one. He lingered in the dream, letting himself get lost in its warm cocoon, but when he finally woke, the room was still dark. John was no longer stretched out on the bed next to him. Instead, he was standing over Sherlock, back straight and head cocked.
John pulls his closer, clinging to him and refusing the let go. When he manages to speak between body-shaking sobs, his words come out harsh and waterlogged. “No, it’s not.”
“It’s fine.” John resisted the urge to rub at the wound. Though the injury had been serious, slumbering should have healed it completely. James only bore scars because he had nearly died, the entire flank of him destroyed and only rebuilt through a long and arduous slumber. He gave a reassuring pat to James’s side. “What happened? Why were you so afraid?”
In the fall, Sherlock left for school, but only after John demanded that he write. Without Sherlock around to liven his days, life became a long grey blur. John wasn’t a bad student, but after the tumultuous lifestyle he had lived in the past year, he found himself counting down the days until he could leave school behind. Sherlock's emails were the only thing that marked one day from the next. There was only one computer that the boys all shared at the home and John impatiently waited his turn every night to check his email in the hopes that Sherlock had written something. The first few exchanges between them were awkward, as they learned how to talk to one another without being face to face. Soon, however, Sherlock took to sending him messages throughout the day. Often they contained no more than a sentence or two, and since John had to wait until the evening to read them, they also grew increasingly exasperated over time. He smiled when he read them and then carefully typed out a reply. The other boys took to mocking his eagerness. A few months ago, it would have resulted in a fight, but John ignored them, pretending not to care about their teasing.
“I am?” That didn’t seem possible. All he ever did was listen.
I sacrificed them.
He straightened his shoulders, shaking off the memory of Mary’s face as she packed up the last of her things. Boxes had lined their hallway for days, like soldiers ready for their marching orders, and he, no longer in command, no longer in control, ignored them. He woke groggy and aching one morning to find all the boxes gone. All sign of Mary vanished in the night and he was suddenly alone with nothing but his thoughts to keep him company.
“Oh.”
. You should take up comedy. You are wasted on detective work. C’mon, that wasn’t particularly quiet.”
Cold dread crept along John’s spine. “William?”
“Yes. The village elders called me a willful and dangerous child, and all agreed that I would best survive on my own in the wilderness. Not a surprise given the world’s view on sorcery.”
His head snapped up at the sound of James roaring. Muscles, long disused, bunched and flexed, propelling John towards the sound. At the end of the hall, he saw James. In one fist, James hefted a guard above his head and shook him. “Where is he? What have you done with him?”
Behind closed lids, he runs. Upstairs, down hallways, through darkened dungeons, past empty graveyards where little voices sing. He bursts into one room, then the next. Redbeard barks at him and then laughs, high and happy—  a child’s laugh. He pushes past, heart kicking up in unexplained fear. There. Just up ahead: the door to the flat. Home. Warmth.
“Yes. Fine. Thank you,” Sherlock bites the words off, a bark to keep others away. Gawkers. Usually so useful because they tend to see things in all their nosing about and are just as happy to pass along every bit of information to anyone who bothers to ask. He should move away from John and talk to them; someone had to have seen something, someone may still be watching them, someone might still want to hurt John, but he cannot move from where he is kneeling on the cold, muddy ground. The thought of talking to anyone other than John turns his stomach hollow.
He jumps forward, daring to close the gap between them, and settles his hand gently between John’s shoulderblades. Mary slides into the backseat first, fingers tangled in John’s hand, and carefully pulls him down. John’s foot catches on the pavement and he stumbles, saved only by the sure grip of Sherlock’s hand wrapping around his elbow. It is an awkward fumble for several seconds; John moves drunkenly, hands splayed out in front of him.
“Sometimes,” he sighs, “sometimes when someone leaves your life, it feels a bit like-- like they’ve died and left a huge hole behind. I guess it was like that with me and Sherlock. We didn’t part on the best of terms.”
Minutes pass before he glimpses at John again. A medic steps away and John makes a move to pull the mask off his face. Even from here, Sherlock can see the grimace John gives at the suggestion of going to hospital. He stands on shaking legs and leans against Mary. A police officer slips a card into Mary’s hand with promises to follow up. The pair of them make their way slowly to the street, John only successfully masking his exhaustion from those that don’t know him as Sherlock does. As Mary does. Sherlock follows. He’s flotsam, breaking up and drifting in John’s wake.
His mobile chirped with a text message.
He would later return to the feel of John’s arms wrapped around him and squeezing. Despite his prolonged illness and recovery, John was still strong. Muscle corded under Sherlock’s fingertips as he placed his hand on John’s arm for balance. He fit rather well there, nestled against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock shivered at the feel of John’s solid chest and the bite of cold still lingering on his skin and clothes. He covered his moment of weakness with a well-placed cough. Hopefully, this wouldn’t be the last time they embraced and perhaps next time he would actually be facing John.
Sherlock’s parting expression carried John through the queue and back to his house. He stood in the empty foyer, bag dragging down his shoulder, and tried to ignore the quiet that filled his empty rooms. The too-clean living room looked too much like a facade trying to cover a life barren of meaning and the empty hook next to his coat too much like an accusation.
“Fine. Fine. I’m fine.” He pats Sherlock’s chest then crumbles into the seat.
“So this is a joke? You’re having me on.” Barely suppressing a sigh of frustration, John bent to pick up his cane. He didn’t know this man from Adam and if this should turn into something a bit more sinister than a joke, John still knew how to throw a punch. The cane was a handy weapon, too.
William smiled. A smile from the prince, John had heard, was a rare thing; precious as the gems that decorated the king’s crown. They made appearances only when something pleased him unexpectedly. John surprised him nightly. While their occurrences seemed to be regular as sunrise, John treasured them, imagining them warming his skin just as daylight might. Despite his best efforts, John felt the corners of his mouth turn up.
John’s voice floats from down the hall, confused and roughened by smoke and sleep. “Mary?”
“What’s wrong with what I am wearing?” John looked down at his clothes. Granted he wasn’t the best dressed person in the room, but there was nothing wrong with the shirt and tie he had picked out.
Before Sherlock could continue his study, they were interrupted by a small cough. John jerked his head to the side. Christ, they had had an audience. The cough sounded just like--
He takes a slow drag from his cigarette. His lungs burn as he holds it in. Dioxin. Benzene. John’s sleep-slackened face pressed against Mary’s neck. He tips his head back and blows smoke out into the cold night air.
“I may have thrown him out in a fit of rage.” He winces at the memory of throwing a vase of flowers at a wall and of Harry quickly ushering Sherlock out of the room.
“Searching for your mate, demon? Last I saw of her, she was being engulfed in flames, along with what remained of your eggs.” Tremaine appeared through the parting smoke, blade at the ready. Pain erupted in John’s shoulder as the blade found its home in his flesh. Tremaine placed his boot on John’s chest and jerked the blade free. John collapsed in a heap.
Though it would be nice to have someone else to talk to, even if he was an oddball.
“I don’t think so. We should start with a baseline. If we are going to conduct an actual experiment, it’s important to have a control.”
Mary presses her lips against John’s hair. Sherlock can feel her eyes on his face, studying, judging. She hums quietly in acknowledgement. Sherlock breaks up under her gaze, thawing and disintegrating. He watches her, sees the moment when she holds up the shards of him and knows.
Sherlock runs in fingers through John’s sweat-crusted hair. “You are a good man.”
“My way would be five minutes--”
Sherlock pulls him down on top of him. For all the cold exterior he presents to the world, Sherlock’s skin is hot under his wandering touch. The alabaster of his skin turns pink under John’s hands, and John's mouth waters. He follows the trail of his fingers with his lips and Sherlock bucks up against him. Pressed up against each other like this, John can feel the hard line of Sherlock’s cock in his trousers and something primal roars in him. He did this. He made untouchable Sherlock squirm and thrust against him. The headiness of it makes his head swim.
And then Sherlock was gone, truly gone.
A heart cannot feel like a tonne of lead in his chest. Logic dictates that his heart is still a fleshy mass and not the lump of metal it feels like. Alchemy cannot touch it, cannot change one state into another. A heart is muscle and no amount ignoring, exercising, or removal will change the base state of it. Eleven ounces. Three hundred eleven grams.
One of them had to go first and John had never considered himself a coward. He cleared his throat and spoke to the table. “Last time?”
Sherlock kneels and tugs at his shoelaces, slipping first one boot off then the other. “Unwise, I should think.” His fingers easily slip under the edge of John’s sock and tugs it free from his foot. The arch of John’s foot is warm against his palm. He drops it as if scalded. Above him, John struggles with the sleeves of his shirt. With a huff he rips it off and tosses it carelessly in the corner. His hair sticks up in the back. Sherlock’s fingers twitch.
But I must ask you to do the same:
“Yeah, well, we needed the security. Daniel might be a bit off, but he watches out for us girls. Especially when it came to Mr Humphrey. The bastard.” She blushed and cleared her throat. “May he rest in peace, of course.”
“Doubt that. Here, drink this.” John tugged at Sherlock’s wrist until Sherlock pulled his hands away from his face and pressed a half-drunk bottle of water into his hands. “Anyway, all those geniuses packed into one room. I’m sure you’ll figure something out. Christ, it’ll probably be you showing them all up and then your head will be even bigger than before. All those scientists and a consulting detective shows them up.” His laugh fluttered for a moment, weak and fragile, before dying in the space between them.
“You’d be surprised what we got up to before marriage.” He winks.
Two months before John’s twenty-seventh birthday, two bullets nearly claimed his life. Instead, they claimed his military career. All he could think of on the flight back to London was that Sherlock had been right.
“Get this freak off of me!” The boy Sherlock was fighting broke free and darted down the street. John hauled his opponent to his feet and shoved him off in the same direction, a well-placed boot to his arse sending the boy on his way.
He pulled away with a gasp. He had always heard the cliche in those god awful romance novels his mother had read of ‘tongues fighting for dominance’, but damned if he wasn’t eager to show Sherlock exactly who was in charge. He refused to be tricked again. If Sherlock was so eager to play, then John wasn’t going to be just a piece in his game anymore. He was going to be an active player.
John gaped. “With a few major differences.”
“Be right there!” Mary pauses and stares at Sherlock. “Honestly, I don’t mind.”
John launched himself at his companion. He swiped with his claws, the blow softened to keep from doing any real damage. He moved lightning fast, wings snapping and tail lashing out. Soon, the two were tumbling down the wall in a tangle of arms, wings, and legs. They landed with a crash. John quickly gained the upperhand and pinned his friend to the ground. “Relent.”
“Lighten up, Dad, it’s just a year away.” Rosie’s laugh carries all the way downstairs.
Sherlock gave a grin that would have given the Grinch a run for his money. “Well, she certainly seems to like you."
“Sherlock, you aren’t getting rid of me that easily.” John shifts on the bed. His knee brushes up against Sherlock’s thigh and then stays there.
“Ugh, really? Y-y-you are naming yourself after the spirit hunter?” Knight rolled his eyes and covered his face in shame.
Except John. Granted when they had first spoke with each other, Sherlock had been pretending to be someone else. He had been intrigued by Stamford’s description of his friend. What at first was supposed to be just a bit of snooping (after all, he could use a person to share the rent) soon became daily talks. The lines between Sherlock and Emily began to blur and before too long he found himself conversing with John as just Sherlock. It’s what finally convinced him to arrange a meeting. If he could handle an online encounter with Sherlock, surely John was something special, something worth his time. And he had been right. At first glance, nothing about John stood out. He was completely plain in most regards and easily forgettable.
John dutifully ate the sandwich she sat down in front of him. It wouldn’t do to refuse food, especially since he didn’t know if he would be making it back to the home in time for dinner. A thump came from the stairwell and John snapped his head up. Sherlock stood on the bottom step, mouth open in surprise. The bit of sandwich in John’s mouth suddenly felt enormous and impossible to swallow. They hadn’t exchanged many words in the past few weeks-- John didn’t count the few sentences after the fight because they were mostly spoken in quick bursts of worry and pain-- and he found himself unable to find a single word to say. He grabbed his glass of water and chugged it, forcing the lump of bread down his throat. It gave him a few seconds to mull over what he wanted to say to Sherlock, but still nothing came to him. He was relieved to see him, which he supposed was good enough.
“Sherlock? Don’t just stand there. Get in. I won’t be able to get him settled on my own.”
“Yeah.” John licked his lips. “Keep your octopus arms to yourself this time.”
“Why would you ask me that?” Sherlock attempted to look hurt.
She wrinkled her nose. “She’s like that. God, Mr Humphrey hated her.”
“Bloody awful.” John wiped his chin. “Is that how you usually kiss people?”
John stretched next to him on the bed and patted his stomach. “God, I don’t think I’ve eaten that well in months. Keep that up and I won’t be able to fit into these trousers.” He yawned. “Think I could fall asleep just like this.”
John took the folder from him and flipped through the pictures. Simmons was a handsome woman, a mix of good solid stock and regal upbringing. He imagined she was the type to hunt on the weekends in her nice leather boots and then return home and host a large get-together. Probably fond of her terror of a dog, which was almost certainly named Princess. “You think it was something else?”
“What are you doing in
Sherlock grimaces and tries to pulls away, but John’s fingers turn firm under his chin. He gives in and looks at John. It hurts.
Sherlock weighs his words carefully. It would be easy to launch into the tale of Moriarty and snipers, of lies, of torture. So easy to spin a tale that sounds more fiction than fact, no matter how real the details are. But this is not time for tales, not here in John’s sad little flat that screams at years of being alone, so alone. No, John deserves the simple truth. The rest can come later. “I did it for you. All of it was to protect you.”
““How could-- why-- you ruined me. You ruined me the day you died. You took my life with you. You fucking let me think you were dead. What could you possibly say that would change that?” Rage bleeds into John’s words, shock giving away to the need to fight.
It was helplessness and it sat wrong and horrible on John’s face.
Sherlock dodges past him and darts down the hallway, John hot on his heels. He skids to a stop in front of another door and throws it open. A terrified cry greets him and Sherlock drops to his knees. John throws a light into the room, even smaller than the one they had just been in, and in the corner, curled up in a tight ball sits a little boy.
The cab pulled to a stop, and John fiddled with his tie for the fifth time since getting off the train earlier. He finally forced himself to look out the window, past Sherlock’s frankly ridiculous profile. There it was: enormous, sprawling, and probably brimming with bits and bobs that were each worth more than his entire wardrobe. A battlefield hospital felt more welcoming than this.
“Oh, goodness! Apologies, gentlemen.” She cleared her throat pointedly and Sherlock finally pulled back and grinned shyly at her.
Sherlock shone the light in John’s face. “No, I am just making it up as I go along. Perhaps next I’ll go look at the rose garden and comment on how the colour scheme proves that dog is a murderer. Honestly, John.”
“In a sense, there is no such thing as healing. From paper cuts to surgical scars, our bodies are catalogues of wounds:
“This flat being one of them.”
You asked me to live and I will.
“Oh really? So that wasn’t your concerned face?” Sherlock’s lip quivered. “Oh please, John, tell me you care for me. Tell me that our relationship hasn’t been all a lie.” Tears clung to his lashes.
“Yes, yes. Pillar of manly strength. Very impressive. Definitely impressed with the way you shooed the paramedics off.” Mary’s hand tightens around John’s knee, even as she turns to look out the window.
He coughed hard inside his mask. The rubber and plastic, pulled tight to keep the toxic air from creeping into his lungs, bit into his skin. Another pointless gesture, but John insisted. His hands twitched at his side, eager to rub at the ache in his chest that never left. It pressed against his lungs, desperate to tear at the already weakened tissue and leave him a sweating, shaking mess.
“John, please.”
“As you can see, the castle was rebuilt, stone by stone, with, of course, the addition of plumbing and electricity.” He chuckled at that, though John could find no humor in it. Even with the aid of the medallion, much of what Fantomos spoke of remained confusing. “It was not a cheap bit of labor, but now that I have seen the results, I can certainly say it was worth it.”
John tightened his grip, pushing him harder into the dirt. “Cry for mercy.”
“I should have seen that coming.”
Sherlock’s body knows what it is doing, even if it feels like his brain has left him. He meets John halfway. He licks into John’s mouth, nibbles at his lips, and learns the sounds John makes when Sherlock deepens the kiss into something harder, raw, and primal. John tastes of sleep and feels like a barely remembered dream, like a homecoming, but a home Sherlock never realized he had fully left. Pressed together like this, John’s pulse races against Sherlock’s own.
“Did you think I’d be happy to see you? That you would just show up and act as if nothing has changed? Everything has changed. Everything.”
He pretended that the rest of the summer would be easy. He had just turned fifteen. He could last one more year, finish up school, and then he would be truly on his own. He didn’t know what he would do then, but it wouldn’t be curling up on a small cot in the corner of a room he shared with four other boys. He had to save every last coin he made and he hid them in a sock under his thin mattress. When he wasn’t doing chores around the home, he did odd jobs. Those were few and far between, and not because there wasn’t work to do. There just wasn’t work for someone like him. He tried to ignore the looks people gave him, but he knew that there was a giant mark on him that said ‘damaged.’ No one wanted one of the boys from the home mowing their lawn or pulling their weeds. They were all thieves, hadn’t you heard? And violent. Sometimes John wondered if people put a little trust in them then maybe things would be different. Mostly he just tried to keep his head down and shrug off the constant background shame that came with being poor and unwanted.
“Obvious. The crisper was entirely too full.”
His chest ached as if cracked. She, his second, his equal, would be the perfect mate. He would never know the sadness of watching her age or the heartbreak of being cast aside when the novelty of first love finally faded. Together they would form bedrock, solid enough to be built upon. It should be the easiest choice of his life.
What did have John leaving fifteen minutes early, coat only half on, was one simple question sent from Sherlock not quite an hour ago:
But a heart also weighs sixty-three kilograms (up to seventy upon occasion—  though he denies it and tightens his belt); nine stone (give or take); one hundred forty pounds and fits just under Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock spun them around and pressed John hard against the wall. John’s head was only saved from impact by Sherlock cradling it. Once again, John was reminded of Sherlock’s ridiculously large hands and with Sherlock pressed this close, John felt small. It wasn’t a bad feeling, more like Sherlock was keeping him grounded, keeping him tethered. It felt… well, it felt safe, which was an odd sensation when someone is busy trying to devour your tongue.
John stretches out next to him, pulling him close against his chest. Sherlock settles his head just above John’s heart. Eleven ounces that contain all that is John within it and, whether John knows it or not, he carries Sherlock’s heart with him as well. Soulmates or something like it. Entangled, the two work in tandem to feed into a life together. Sentiment. Poetry flying in the face of simple anatomy.
“Christ. She just pinched my bum.” John ran a hand over his backside. The woman was hiding raptor talons somewhere.
This world was wrong. Everything buzzed and hummed as if man had grown afraid of silence. Perhaps they had. Humans always were fond of noise, and Fantomas was no different. His office had tapestries that spoke and moved trapped behind panes of glass. More magic, though Fantomas assured him it was not.
Sherlock tugged on his scarf, fingers nervous and twitching. “I had to be sure that you wouldn’t balk at my presence. I understand that what I did was rude and cruel. I never claimed to be otherwise, but I have found your absence to be...intolerable.”
The maid laughed again. “Yeah, Sweetpea has a bit of a bladder problem. And a biting one. And a barking one. Really just a problem all around.” She schooled her expression. “I mean, she’s a sweet little thing. Wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
“What exactly do you think is going to be in these boxes that I can’t just grab at a store?”
Before he could pull to a complete stop, Sherlock opened his car door and leapt out. His coat tails whipped out behind him as he flew through the crowd, quickly dodging anyone who tried to block his path.
“Open.” He taps John’s mouth with a finger and then pushes the silk in when John complies. The silk slides across John tongue, bringing the musky taste of Sherlock with it. Already, the fabric is growing wet in his mouth and finds himself playing his tongue back and forth across it, before he bites down on it as Sherlock slicks up John’s cock. He moans into the silk.
John kicks the door in, gun at the ready, but Sherlock is already ducking into the room. “You mad bastard, how about waiting for the all clear?”
“Sherlock? Little help, please?”
The lift dinged nearby and out stepped another man. Lestrade reached for his handcuffs.
John divides his life into segments, into periods of healing and destruction. Of before and after Sherlock, because Sherlock is both. He has left an undeniable mark on John, fractured him and mended him. Sherlock is a force of destruction that carves a path through everything he touches, devastating and changing. John places himself gladly in his path again and again, teeth bared and eager to be torn apart. There are days when he craves it so deep down in his bones, he aches.  A pressure builds in his chest, giving way to anger tinged with regret. Fists and moonlight chases aren’t enough. Grabbing Sherlock by the scruff of the neck and forcing him to his knees won’t even touch it on those deep dark days. His mind scrambles; anger and a deep terrified itch of anxiety mingle, threatening to drown him. He feels out of control and desperate. Trapped. Spinning uselessly.  Days like these, where he wants a fucking fight, he screams into the storm, bracing himself for the first blow.
Sherlock’s mother smiled and patted John on the arm. “I’ll let you two boys catch up. Sherlock, no rough housing. We don’t want a repeat of last time.”
“If he had, what would you have done differently? What could you have done differently?”
John’s eyes are glassy and vacant, staring lost in the space between where Sherlock and Mary are bent over him. His mouth works silently, puffs of air coming out in little wheezes. A harsh cough rips out of him, jerking his shoulders and head up off the ground, and is quickly followed by another. He paws uselessly at Sherlock, arms leaden and palms barely making contact. Mary acts before Sherlock can and slips her arm under John’s shoulders, pulling him upright. His head rolls and comes to rest against her shoulder. The coughing stops only long enough for him to shudder and bury his face in her neck before starting up again. He retches and leans away long enough to hack hard, dispelling a thick line of grey mucus from his lungs.
God, she can glare just as good as Mary could.
magic and to give something a name was its own brand of magic. It gave the person power over the thing named. They had no names for each other. They were equals--pack--and they held no sway over one another.
It’s become the common refrain since he returned to London. Lestrade says it at a crime scene, while handing him a pair of gloves. Molly says it over a cup of coffee and with a sad little frown. Mrs. Hudson tuts it while cleaning the mantle. They all say it as both rebuke and advice. Give him time. He just needs time. Time, time, time. Sherlock would give him all the time in the world in exchange for even a moment of understanding. He doesn’t see why John needing time means he can’t be here, right now, with Sherlock. He isn’t asking for everything to resume as they were; he is simply asking for a scrap of attention.
He turns just enough to show that he is listening.
“Sherlock, have you been a
“Queen. Was a queen back then.”
Sherlock deserved it, didn’t he? He deserved to be screamed at, to be told he was clueless. John’s life wasn’t a game. It wasn’t something he could just take off at the end of the day like a costume. It didn’t matter if Sherlock had just been trying to understand what John’s life was like. John wasn’t a test subject to observe.
Moriarty had promised to burn the heart out of him, but water proves to be far more effective. He’s drowning on dry land, meters away from where John is trapped. Sherlock falls, hands planting into mud. It sucks him down; his lungs fill. Too slow, too late. Darkness rises up and—
“Nothing revealing. You seemed very concerned about the state of the animals in the operating room.”
“Oh yes, just stand around in the middle of a warzone. Pay no mind to the gunfire overhead or the explosions.” He pulled Sherlock along behind him, angling them both towards a respectable distance from the building.
Sherlock sagged against the wall. “John, I--”
“I was looking for my dog. Obviously, she isn’t up here.” Simmons eyed John for a moment and then smiled. “If you happen to see her, ring the help, would you? I hope you two have a lovely stay.” With one last glance, she disappeared back down the stairs.
Bruising.
Sherlock took a slow, careful breath, wary of setting off another fit. When the urge passed, he followed John and sat heavily into a chair at the table. “Doesn’t matter.”
“The others are out on patrol and one stayed behind.” Tremaine stood at rest, his hand casually laying on the hilt of his sword.
“Collecting cans.”
He growled into her mouth. His claws scratched along her hips, searching for purchase, before shoving robe and kilt aside. He hiked her knees up and drove into her, the first thrust hard and unforgiving. Her breath left her in a grunt. Gentleness was not in either of their natures. No, they were warriors and this was like any other fight or battle. Meeting his thrusts, she rocked her hips up, letting her own desperation drive her just as his drove him. Flesh slapped flesh, only punctuated by the grunt and sigh of exertion. He came with a broken sob caught in his throat, his teeth bared against her skin.  He pulled out as quickly as he entered, his cock still hard and coming, painting her skin and clothes with his scent.
“No. Just hurt.” Sherlock moved to pick it up.
“I didn’t take you to be so fastidious about such things.”
John clenched his fists. “Fuck you.”
He doesn’t have time to examine the feeling. He jerks to attention as he hears keys fumbling at the doorknob. He should have thought this out, planned better than this, not stupidly stumbled into John’s flat unannounced, unasked for. Too late now.
Five years. It had been five years since he had last dropped by the flat. (His mind stuttered for a moment, nearly calling it
“It would be useful to know.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Usually the other person takes part in the kiss.” A shy grin lit up John’s face.
“No talking. Just sit there and breathe. Where do you keep the damned glasses?”
“Raiders,” James growled.
He raised his head. Before him a man stood in strange clothes; a trim blond beard lined his jaw and short (shorter than any style the humans had fancied in court) blond hair covered his head.  A watery pair of green eyes stared down at him and for a moment, the hairs on John’s head stood on end. Friend or foe? He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. The man had guards, but perhaps he was simply royalty.
“Always so serious, John. You’re putting my appetite off.”
Sherlock runs his fingers along the inside of John’s thigh, tracing inconsequential patterns. It tickles, but John wills his legs to be still. Sherlock trails his fingers up, a gentle caress that hints at his next action. When Sherlock gets to John’s crotch, he gently tugs at John’s testicles. He explores the weight of them, playing with the feel of them heavy and warm in his hand, before he brushes the back of his hand up the length of John’s cock.
If he said no, would that mean John would touch him some more? He hesitated, then slowly nodded. It wouldn’t do to play this out for too long. John would eventually catch on.
John clears his throat. “It’s healing nicely. Um. No infection. Which is good. Just need to keep an eye on it. Probably can switch to a smaller bandage in a day or two.”
“Sherlock, please.” Sherlock was proud of the fact that he didn’t entirely sound like a toad mid-Shakespearean death scene.
A gentle smile tugs at the corner of John’s lips as he watches Jamie hug Sherlock. Sherlock freezes for a moment before spreading his large hand across the small boy’s back. Sherlock’s eyes lock with John’s and he quickly pulls away from the hug before handing Jamie off to his mother. As they are swarmed by police and emergency services, the armor Sherlock wears shifts back into place; he tugs the collar of his coat up and turns to leave. But John has seen what lurks beneath that cold facade: an uncertain, but driven man, who extends kindness to those who need it most.
“It’s okay,” he mutters into John’s skin. It has to be.
Sherlock pursed his lips and rubbed a dandelion back and forth between his fingers. “I am helping.”
John studied Sherlock’s face. Dear god, the man was serious. He had no idea that John was making a joke and that made it even funnier. He pressed his lips together to keep from laughing. He was quickly learning that Sherlock was an odd mix of brilliance and absolute cluelessness. He added it to the slowly growing list in his head:
John soon found out that everything Sherlock did was for an experiment. His summer quickly became filled with sneaking around, spying, climbing trees, and generally getting into as much trouble as possible but always somehow managing to wiggle out of it. Sherlock was absolutely mad and didn’t seem to be afraid of anything. In between those moments of absolute madness, John actually realized he was having fun. It was strange to think that Sherlock was capable of making everything more exciting, but it was true. Even the mundane things became a little bit more manageable.
and you were right to do so.
“The prince is human.” Mary turned sharply, edging them back to the castle. “And you, stone of my stone, are not.”
The name pinged something in John’s brain. Sherlock shifted his weight and leaned against the sink, feigning only passing interest. He gave Sherlock a quick look then turned back to the maid. “Humphrey?”
And his trousers were far too tight. He looked down.
“Honesty, Sherlock.”
John froze. In that moment, he had never looked more monstrous, features twisted in rage and damaged pride. He flashed his fangs and his eyes glowed white in the darkened hall. “Apologies, your Majesty, I came only to wish the Prince good tidings on his birthday.”
live, John Watson. Be happy.
“Hold on, hold on. I’ve got it. You’re just making it worse bashing on it like that.” The doorknob rattled and the door opened with a loud creak. John stepped out of his way just long enough for him to get through the door then slammed the door shut again. He left John to sort the locks and sweep up the ash that had collected in the entryway.
He had told John the truth of it the first time they met. He was not an easy man to live with; he held no illusions. He was a drug addict, a genius, and a complete and utter arsehole. The world had told him as much and he learned that a biting remark quickly thrown was far easier than showing vulnerability.
“And you call yourself a scientist.” Before he could chicken out, John quickly pressed his lips against Sherlock’s. It was a bit strange. Sherlock’s lips were softer than his own, fuller, and a bit slick from where he had been licking them. Sherlock stayed just as he had been before John leaned forward: back straight, eyes wide, hands at his side. It was a bit like kissing a statue. John pulled away and scrunched up his nose in embarrassment. “No good?”
The bite of winter dulled, giving way to the caress of spring. They built their nest deep in the dark reaches of the castle, far away from where servants would dare pry. John cradled each egg in his hand, before carefully placing them among the cold, wet stones. Gargoyles were born in darkness and John’s days felt just as dark.
“Shut. Up. You surmised? God, you self-centered prick. You think I would just move on like you were nothing more than a friend.”
“No.” John schooled his features. “Definitely not.”
Sherlock pulls away before John can notice what he is doing. He will not be coddled. John is never willing to give Sherlock exactly what he wishes for.  “I— sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you.”
The front door slowly opens as John shoulders it open and limps inside. His back is to Sherlock as he juggles a bag of groceries and his cane. Sherlock relishes the few seconds he gets to observe John unnoticed, though what he sees brings him little in the way of real comfort. John’s jumper hangs loose on his frame; not intentionally bought too large, no, it’s a jumper Sherlock recognizes. It once fit tightly across John’s shoulders. Now he swims in the fabric. His hair is different, too. Far greyer than Sherlock remembered and longer than he usually preferred it. And the cane-- the damnable cane-- John leans heavily on it, even as the tension in his shoulders scream discomfort, shame, loathing. John is an echo of his dismal flat-- uncared for, broken down.
No one asks what it was like for him while he was away. No one mentions the scar on his hairline or the way he gingerly plays the violin because his wrist aches every time it rains now. Mycroft knows, of course, but Sherlock sneers at his gentle prodding and chases him out of the flat. The world is not so bad that he would willingly seek the companionship of his brother.
"Sherlock."
Once finished, he joined John at the window. “Former consulting detective. The world doesn’t really need detectives now.”
John sprinted up the stairs, two at a time. Sherlock’s texts had been ‘urgent’, a steady stream throughout the day. Most of them John had ignored. There were strict rules about what John was willing to leave work for and an insistence that boredom was eating away at Sherlock’s brain in ever increasingly colorful ways wasn’t one of them.
John read it just before stepping into examining room three. It was only the state of Mrs. Workman’s preoccupation of showing John every wart, bunion, and scratch kept John from thinking about Sherlock.
“Useless, John. If they didn’t come running at the sound of you kicking at the door trying to open it, I very much doubt they are still here.”
John fell into step next to him as they exited the house and crossed the grounds. “So, I take it I did a bit of talking in my sleep last night.”
The medics rush forward, pushing him out of the way, and the distance between him and John grows. He stands on the edge of the scene and counts out John’s breaths as they cloud the oxygen mask, a smokescreen shielding John’s mouth from view and any responses he gives to the people tending over him. He’s caught, waiting for John to come back to himself, alive and running and grinning at him.
Sherlock furtively placed a hand on his crotch and gave his penis a firm pat. It refused to go down. In spite of him,  it grew harder.
A text from his mother. Well, now he was most definitely in a mood. He pocketed his phone, not bothering to reply. Besides, what would he say? He couldn’t get out of the coming celebrations, not after all of the hullabaloo his parents were making about their upcoming wedding anniversary. An entire week! Christ, he was going to go mad.
Before John could stutter out an apology (again), her dog charged forward, tiny legs propelling it forward so fast that they nearly disappeared into the mass of its fur. The dog bowled into John’s legs, causing him to step backwards to keep from having his shins destroyed by a furry bullet with teeth. The dog gave a series of yips, each in increasing pitch, before it was satisfied that John wasn’t a threat. It stopped its assault and sat back. One of its eyes pointed the wrong way, giving the somewhat confusing appearance that it was trying to watch John and Sherlock at the same time. It looked a bit too much like the odd-eyed dog painting in their room. Obviously the woman had an affinity for ugly dogs from a certain lineage. It’d certainly win awards at dog shows for the tiny but ferocious class. It glared a challenge at John, the flaps of its mouth twisted over its crooked teeth. John glared back. He didn’t so much dislike dogs; dogs were fine. This, however, was not a dog. It was a rat with papers. The staring contest was at an impasse, neither short and furious creature refusing to back down. John knew he had the upper hand; obviously, he could punt the thing away with a well-timed kick if it went for his shins again.
“Not literally.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I am sure you are quite competent in bed, given the amount of lip licking you--”
The smell that lingers on him now is nothing like the one he remembers from his childhood. Suffocating. Painful. It burns his eyes (the only explanation for why unshed tears stick his lashes together) and clogs his throat. He banishes it-- the memories, the fear, the sticky tar mudding his throat-- and tugs his now ruined gloves from his hands, so he may better run his fingers through John’s hair. Blood and sweat mats the strands, tangling them around Sherlock fingers, and in the half-light given from the bonfire, Sherlock cannot tell which is which. His hands tingle. John’s skin is superheated again his palm as he slides it down John’s neck to cradle his head.
You self-important arsehole.
Sherlock tries not to think of scorched airways and damaged lungs and how quickly someone can suffocate from smoke inhalation (enclosed area, minutes; likelihood of John succumbing to flames first due to accelerant-- delete). He tamps down the urge to cough in sympathy and meets Mary’s gaze for a second. Her eyes are pinched as she looks at him, then John, then goes back to scanning the crowd.
Mrs. Hudson popped her head out of 221A, dish cloth in hand. “Sherlock! You watch all the banging and stomping around. You break that door again and it’s coming out of your rent, young man.”
“John?” He pours everything he can into saying John’s name: the nights spent alone in far off countries barely clinging to his own sanity, the agony in his chest as he raised a glass at John’s wedding, the terror of not being fast enough or brilliant enough to save him. In spite of himself, he leans into John’s touch.
You’re the only thing that ever did, John.
“Toes, Sherlock! Toes.” John gestured wildly with his cane. Sherlock allowed himself a brief taste of victory at getting John to use his first name, but quickly quashed it as John was presenting him with a wealth of new information. This wasn’t John angry; this was John exasperated. Exasperated was far better than angry.
Sherlock spun on his heel and slammed a plate down. Leaning forward on his knuckles, he stared at the kitchen tabletop. His lips pressed into a thin line. From this angle, John watched Sherlock shake his head.
“Daniel?”
“Does it?” Sherlock swung a foot back and forth; his toes skimmed along the frigid pond water.
He panted against her neck, teeth nipping at the flesh. His tail lashed behind him, smacking against the trunk of the tree. She turned her head and licked at his cheek, his ear, the deceptively soft skin under his jaw. His tail fell limp.
“Oh for heaven’s-- John.”
“So everything short of setting the city ablaze.” Murray gently bumped him with his shoulder. “What about you? Not interested in seeing what humans have been up to the last one thousand years?”
There was a pause. A rather pregnant pause that left John wondering if perhaps he was in fact hearing things. He turned the word over in his head, his brow wrinkling as he tried to make sense of it. A tingle ran up his arm. He hadn’t mentioned the military service on his profile and yet somehow this stranger knew. He grit his teeth and gave a quick glance to the exit. “So, let me get this straight--”
The romance of it makes it no less true.
But those years were ripped from me as well.
Of course, John.
“Yeah, well, it doesn’t really need doctors either.” John rested his forehead against the glass. In the gloom, his face was a palette of grey, outlined in sorrow.
“I can’t--” John grits his teeth and rocks his head back and forth. They both know how to end this, but John swallows down the words. He can feel Sherlock studying him to see what John will do next. He needs Sherlock to make him do this, to have the choice taken from him, but John bites his tongue. He won’t ask for it. Sweat gathers along his hairline. His breath catches-- oh god, wide, so wide, and on and on. The shaking in his body builds, and he whines.
“I am clean. I have been for six months now.”
“No, it-- it was good.”  A blush crept across the bridge of his nose. This close, John could see that Sherlock had a light dusting of freckles. “Perhaps we should try again?” He leaned forward at John’s nod, his fingers gently coming to rest on the lapels of John’s jacket. John let him lead this time, only gently pressing his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock pecked a series of kisses along John’s mouth until John began to smile into them. At this Sherlock hummed, tangled his fingers into John’s hair, and kissed him firmly.
“Jesus, you’re a psycho! Bet you killed that cat.”
“John!” Sherlock’s voice, usually so calm, broke high and panicked.
“You know why. The King kept you as lap dogs, parading you around and treating you as though you were something precious. You twisted him. The man I served vanished once you got your claws into him.” He slashed at John again, but the strike was wide and uncontrolled. John stepped back away from the intended blow. “Stand and fight, demon!”
John chokes for a moment and coughs hard. “Christ. What makes you think that?”
Minutes later, when Sherlock returns, he finds John just like this: face pink and hips rocking up into the air. Sherlock studies him like that. He takes his time, like he does with all of his important research, dissecting, noting, and filing away exactly what he wants to do next. John cannot guess at what will come next, but his heart picks up in his chest at the sight of Sherlock rolling up the cuffs of his shirt. What comes next will hurt.
Sherlock snaps awake, hands already clawing at John’s arms. John doesn’t hesitate and pulls him closer. Sherlock paws at him, but John’s vest is dry, his skin is warm. The coldness of the watery grave fades in the pre-dawn light seeping into his bedroom.
John freezes and tilts his head. Part of him wants to bash Sherlock with his torch, but he listens: a distant honk from outside, the drip of water, and-- so faint he almost thought he was imagining it-- a soft sob.
Sherlock sneers. “Ah yes, another boring teacher? Maybe a nurse?”
He didn’t keep many things from his old life; too much of it held painful reminders of what he lost. Old habits, though, are hard to shake. He staggers across his small flat and fumbles with the drawer of his desk. He pulls out his gun. The weight of it used to be welcome in his hand, but now it drags it down. He stares at it, feeling nothing but an emptiness that stretches on and on into infinity. Static rings in his ears. When did everything stop making sense? When did his life cease to be a life at all?
“Okay.” John nodded and set his bag next to the bed. “And how are you feeling about that?”
“Good, now about that case?”
“You did promise, John. When there was no one else around.” The prince stepped back from the window, beckoning John inside with a gentle wave of his hand.
“Who is me.” Sherlock grinned.
To his left he heard a shout. One of the invaders raised a small metal object then threw it. A bright light flashed followed by a puff of grey smoke that quickly spread. More sorcery. John coughed and whipped hastily at his nose, then charged into the smoke. He tracked the sound of the man who had thrown it, listening for his footsteps. A shape appeared through the haze and John tackled it. He punched the man hard enough to crack his helmet then moved onto the next figure.
Victory briefly replaced the taste of ash and regret on his tongue.
“Mother.” He laid a hand on her arm. “I invited them.”
Bees buzzed under Sherlock’s skin. Mindful of his limbs, he leaned forward so John no longer had to stand on his tip toes. John’s fingers snaked into his hair, pressing Sherlock closer to him. He nipped at Sherlock’s bottom lip then drew back. Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. When had they closed?
“Mum’s pregnant. Oh my god, did you all have sex out of wedlock?” Rosie puts on a fake show of shock and horror.
A guard stepped out from behind a tree. He was dressed simply, foregoing the armor most of the soldiers wore. “Ah, good. You found them. Pity. I had hoped more of them would come.” His accent marked him as not from their lands, though he spoke their language well.
“Night, Sherlock.”
By the end of the dinner, Sherlock barely could keep his feet still. He couldn’t understand all the niceties, all the subtle ways people got to know each other. He could read people, of course he could, but he had never figured out how to get people to like him. Criminals were far easier to dupe. Give him a few seconds and he could convince nearly anyone of a story. John had even bought the fake tears earlier before he had dropped the act. But actually conversing with someone as himself? Impossible. No one could keep up with him and few tried.
Kindness has always been a stranger, an uneasy acquaintance. His childhood, despite John’s obvious assumptions, had not been particularly lonely. His parents had doted on him and showered him with praise. Not until his years away at school as a teen did he truly learn how different he was from other children.
Knight hopped down from the wall and he climbed down after him. He may not be able to fly like the rest of his clan, but he could easily make up for it in speed. His stride could out pace the fastest horse. The two of them followed the captain out of the castle walls. At this time of night, most were long asleep. A few guards watched them pass.
John froze, eyes wide. “Do you-- I-- should I?”
“Of course. Always.” Sherlock stared at him until John had to look away, his face red and skin tingling.
“If anyone around here is a giant, it’s me. Trust the humans to get even that wrong. The prince should have called you David, wee little thing that you are.”
“Yeah, well I am also the one of us seeing a therapist.” Now that he had started, the giggling was only getting worse. “So, there really is a murderer on the loose?”
Sherlock pauses and rubs his thumb along the bit of blood left behind his last strike. His mouth follows, suckling at the flesh there. John shakes. He sits balanced on a blade between far too much and not enough. His cock twitches when Sherlock begins to alternate between licking and sucking at his skin. Sherlock’s face is pressed so close to his crotch now John can feel the damp heat of his breath. He attempts to lift his head, but only manages to see the blurry outline of Sherlock’s curls buried between his thighs before his head drops back down to the mattress.
John glanced down at his left shoulder. The skin was twisted, the flesh marred. James gently rubbed his thumb along the scar and though the pressure was light, pain sparked down John’s arm and caused his wing to spasm. He couldn’t silence the grunt the pain caused and James snatched his hand away.
“I still do.”
John growls and tugs at the bonds keeping his arms tied to the headboard. The muscles twitch and refuse to work right. It’s for the best because if he could get free, he might strangle Sherlock. Sherlock is unfazed by John’s death glare and climbs off the bed. The dildo shifts in John’s arse as his legs drop to the bed, and drags across his prostate again. John sees stars. Before he felt like he was floating above his body, but now he can feel every sharp sting, every bruise forming. The wide stretch the dildo refuses to give way. Each spark of pain seems fresh and new. It’s terrible. It’s wonderful. He wallows in it.
“Oh. How come you’ve never mentioned him?”
“I’ve never had anyone want to,” Sherlock paused and tilted his head. “It might be an interesting experiment, though...”
Bending.
John wasn’t cruel. If Sherlock had never been properly kissed before, then John Watson was going to damn well give him the snog of his fucking life.
Stupid.
“What? Explosions don’t leave claw marks. Stay down, damn it.” He pushed Sherlock down, hands firm on his shoulders. “What the hell would leave claw marks?”
He kicks Sherlock out of his flat and prides himself on not breaking down further in front of him. John spends the night slowly working his way through a bottle of scotch and tries not to think how he is becoming his father-- alone, angry, drunk, worthless. The burn of alcohol does nothing to stop his thoughts or the relentless march of his pathetic heart. He wants to rage at the world, kick and scream and make it bleed, but fatigue weighs him down. It's a constant companion now.
An answering howl ripped through the night and the dark form of James plummeted from the sky. He grabbed Tremaine by the throat and hefted him him up into the air. With a snap of his wings, James carried him up and away, only to drop down onto the unforgiving cobblestone below. Tremaine’s scream ended in the harsh crunch of bone.
Knight threw his head back and laughed, nearly toppling over in his mirth.
“Hmph. Imagine the horns don’t help much.” He flicked at one of the horns peeking out from John’s hair. John ducked away. “Oh, come now. Can you blame them? We look like monsters to many of them.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Drivel.”
The paper tears as he opens to read up on the game of football he missed last night. He breathes hard through his nose, resisting the urge to kick over a chair. He can’t control any of it: not the pain in his ruined shoulder, not the bloody storm, or the anger beating away in his skull. He paces the flat: bedroom, kitchen, washroom, sitting room, bedroom, sitting room, kitchen, washroom. Up and down. He tries to remember the breathing exercises his therapist taught him. (
“You bloody well stalked me on a dating site.” John resisted the urge to drive his finger into the other man’s chest. “You stalked me, lied to me,  and now you are asking me out on a date.”
“Obvious. The question is, why would they chose to actually attack? Gunfire and explosions aren’t the usual for a collection of people who spend all day at their desks.”
Despite the war raging inside of him, John turned and looked. He tightened his jaw at the sight of him.
“And that’s why you keep me around.”
John slaps his hand down on the table and swipes clumsily at the plates between them. One of them crashes to the floor. He snaps his head in the direction of the crash, only for Sherlock to half-climb onto the table to drag his attention back to his willing mouth. The beer spills. The food smears across their clothes as they grapple on the table, fingers working frantically at buttons and zips. The table creaks under their weight as John bats Sherlock’s hands out of the way and finishes tugging his own shirt free. He throws it over his shoulder, careless of where it lands. Sherlock’s shirt soon follows.
“Ow. I’m not proud of it!” He rubs his forehead, trying to banish the image of Sherlock’s hurt face. “But I wasn’t in the best place at the time. Hadn’t seen him in years and he pops up unannounced like he always did. By the time I had cooled off, it just seemed silly to even try to talk to him. Not even sure where I would even start, anyway.” He sighs. Regret tinges his words. Anger, he fears, is baked into the very clay of him, but regret always seemed to follow. He likes to think it would be different now, if Sherlock showed up on his doorstep unannounced. Age and time have mellowed him, but the chance at fixing things has long passed.
Sunlight washed over them. Slowly they turned to stone, their fingers still entwined, their bodies still angled close.
Sherlock twists the girth of the dildo on the next slide in, driving into John’s prostate, as he gives John’s cock a hard pull. Sherlock holds him down as John bucks.
“Cocaine, mostly.”
“You aren’t– you are. Of course, you are.” John rubbed his face a moment, trying to right his brain as the world had jumped tracks. Or rather, Sherlock had. He pressed his lips into a thin line of determination, stepped out of his slacks, and tugged down his pants.
“Because she’s a nice lady and I don’t like taking things from her.” John kept his eyes firmly on the ground.
“Right, ‘course. Here.” He tosses the plastic bottle even as he backs up. It smacks into Sherlock’s hand, stinging his palm.
Above him, Sherlock made a strangled sound. His hand fluttered across John’s scalp before landing on the back of his head. Not pulling, not insinuating, simply grounding John, but giving John exactly what he needed. John slowly loosened his hold and rubbed his hands over the marks he had made.  The first taste of Sherlock on his tongue hadn't been enough. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, now full and heavy with want, and lapped his tongue across the head of it.
This, perhaps, is why the humans were preoccupied with giving them names. They saw in the cut of their stone that they were unbridled, free, as chaotic and controlled as a summer storm, and they feared his kind. They had bestowed plenty of names upon them in attempt to control: angel, monster, curse, blessing, guardian, jailer--
Time turned to molasses. In the long hours before dawn, Sherlock lost himself in the feel of John in his arms. Once he settled down, John slept soundly. He stayed in one spot and made only a few noises over the course of several hours. Just as dawn painted the walls of their room in pale gold, John stiffened. His breathing sped up and sweat broke out along his nape, where Sherlock’s hand gently cradled his head. Even in what Sherlock quickly deduced was the beginnings of a nightmare, John remained silent. Sherlock quickly removed his hands, as he knew John would not take kindly to being touched.
“Lord, think that was just before we got married. Christ, did I ever look that young?”
Darkness crept into John’s vision, but not quick enough to block out the sight of a blade slicing across William’s throat.
“Hey, hey. I’m here. We’re okay.”
“A type?”
?” Sherlock met his gaze. “It’s been years, John. The occasional Christmas card. A phone call on my birthday.” He touched his top lip with his tongue and his eyes raked down John’s body. “It’s obviously not guilt. Pity? I will not be pitied by you.” His voice dropped to barely a whisper. “I will not be pitied by you of all people.”
“Yep.” He grinned, surprised that such a simple question would incite such a reaction. Maybe he’d try asking what Sherlock’s favourite colour was next.
“Well, everyone has to start somewhere. Maybe he’s a prodigy.”  A laugh threatened to make a dash for it past John’s lips.
“I broke my ankle twice in the span of one summer. Or rebroke it, I suppose. Decided to climb a tree with the cast still on.” Sherlock frowned and picked at his cast.
Despite everything, John is still here. And isn’t that a miracle?
John tucked his wings close, draping them over his shoulders like a cloak. No matter how often he spent indoors with the humans, he could not suppress the sharp spike of fear at being trapped. His tail flicked. Memories of his first time in this room paraded through his mind: talons tearing at the stone and tail toppling the chair and table. He left out a huff. Childish. He was no hatchling. He was a warrior. A small room should be nothing to fear after facing down countless enemies and rending them apart with his bare hands. He willed his tail still.
Sherlock shook his head. “Nothing. Nothing. It was good to see you.” With that, he turned on his heel and marched quickly away from John. Soon he disappeared into the crowd.
Forgive me, another sin in a long list-- I heard you.
I did not give them gladly.
He was going to murder the bastard.
Obviously, he should have eaten earlier. He wouldn’t be thinking such things if he hadn’t skipped the last… four meals. Small wonder he was obsessing. No, a meal, then bed and in the morning, he would pester Lestrade for a case and forget the whole mess.
As his eyes adjusted, John saw what could only be Daniel the groundskeeper hefting a shovel like a cricket bat. He had only a second to step back; he raised his arm in a futile effort to block the attack, before the dark blur of the shovel connected with his face. As his vision flared from red to black, he had one last thought:
John clenched the rotted wood of the pier in his fist and leaned forward, gut twisting at the thought of Sherlock gone like a wisp of cloud, burnt away with the rising of the sun. When he was close enough to feel Sherlock’s body rocking with the motion of swinging his leg, he stopped.
“I do not have octopus arms.” Sherlock frowned.
John muffles a chuckle.
“And?”
“Was that a crack about my age?” Of course, Sherlock would be keep track of his moods in relation to food and time; he’d probably been doing it since they started chatting online. No wonder 'Emily' always popped up with a message right after lunch.
The last of his strength left John. His head dipped. “Yes. But were you ever mine?”
“What do you mean ‘not even a real date’? And what the hell are you implying? I’m not suited to you. I was bloody well suited to
“And the date bit?”
Upstairs, Rosie begins to cry in her crib. He knows that she always does this when she first wakes from her nap, that this is nothing new, and it’s okay to let her cry for a bit in case she settles back down, but his brain still screams at his uselessness. John upends the basket of laundry. He can’t do anything right. The walls close in, testifying to his failures-- father, husband, soldier, doctor, friend, lover. Everything he touches crumbles. He raises a fist to punch it into the wall. A broken hand and a hole in the plaster would be preferable to the hurricane in his mind.
Sherlock had helped put the pieces of his life into some semblance of order. He gave John purpose and showed him the world wasn’t colored in grey, but in vibrant, terrifying, marvelous colors. The first time he met him changed everything. Sherlock didn’t care how broken he was, because he was just as broken. They understood each other, fitting together in ways John didn’t know were possible. Sherlock gave him a purpose and a sense of worth. Oh, the world looked at him and saw some little puppy dog nipping at Sherlock’s heels, but it was never that. They had a partnership, each giving the other exactly what they needed. He thought he had mattered to Sherlock, that he had viewed John as just as essential to his life as Sherlock had been to his.
John shifted in his chair. How would Sherlock’s parents take to hearing about Sherlock getting into a fight? They had to know what sort of mischief their son got into on a regular basis. No parent who obviously spoiled and doted on Sherlock like that would be completely unaware of where he was on any given day. “It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault.”
John furrowed his brow in confusion. “Brother, I do not understand. Are there spirits in the castle?”
The following summer, John left for the army. He convinced himself it was just like when Sherlock was away at school, but the distance grew greater between them. John diligently sent email after email, letting Sherlock know all about his training, how he looked forward to learning about being a medic. It was impossible to keep in touch all the time, not with him being so far away and Sherlock off doing his own studies. The only highlight was that ever so often John would get leave and meet Sherlock. Each time it was like meeting Sherlock anew. He committed to memory all the changes in Sherlock’s form: the way he now towered over John, the thinning of his face until his cheekbones stood out sharp and proud. He couldn’t help but worry that Sherlock was changing into something else entirely, something that he could no longer keep up with. Sherlock’s emails changed from delight at leaving behind the public school he hated so much to dark despair at finding that university was no different. John watched helplessly, thousands of miles away, and could only beg for him to stay safe. Sherlock stopped replying. The silence grew deeper between them, painted with the brush of distance and difference.
John circled to the front of Sherlock, his touch leaving a fire in its wake even through the layer of clothes Sherlock was wearing. John didn’t seem to be affected in the slightest. How was he not also burning away to nothing but ash? “But then, when they think no one is watching, the touches become a little more intimate.”
Sherlock doesn’t give him the chance to connect.
“Yes, like I said. Long time ago.” John clears his throat and turns his attention back to the box in front of him. Still, he can feel Rosie’s eyes on him as she studies him. He steadfastly ignores her gaze and takes a drink of water.
“Bit obvious, isn’t it? I mean, one husband is unfortunate. Two is a bit suspicious. Three is a pattern. She had to have been questioned or at least people have to be talking.”
“Yeah, you look good.” John nodded, berating himself already for appearing too enthusiastic. God, he sounded lonely and desperate even to his own ears. “I mean, I saw your recent case in the papers. Well done.” Christ, what he wouldn’t have given to have been there.
“What?”
For a moment, Sherlock looked chagrined. “Ah.”
“Is there a reason you can’t just look in your own trash?” John tucked his nose up against his shoulder as a particularly nasty smell hit his nose.
A spasm rocked through John and he turned and looked at Sherlock, eyes a bit too wide. “Where? What?” He squeezed his eyes shut. His tongue flicked out across his lips as he gathered himself.
Again.
You don’t get to do this. You don’t get to waltz
The dawn greeted John's tired eyes. Grey light slowly worked its way past the curtains, drawing a watery line across the ceiling. He watched that line. It bisected the room, not a clean break, but a wavering divide that cut across his shoulder, down his soft stomach. Sherlock rested completely on one side, the angles of his face still drowned in darkness. John tried to match his breathing to Sherlock’s, slow and steady, until Sherlock’s eyes slowly opened.
“Yeah? Well, I don’t want you anymore.” John struggles to his feet, kicking aside his cane in his fury.
“There’s only one bed.” John pointed with his cane.
Flights away from the castle became his only source of comfort. Each night, he ranged further and further out. Most nights he went alone. He preferred it that way. Alone his mind could wipe itself clean. He was nothing more than a pair of wings, beating harder and harder, until sweat drenched him. Those nights he’d return to the castle, feeling strangely light and empty. Mary greeted him back at their nest with fresh bites and licks, laying claim as she rode him hard, her thighs a tight brace around his own.
Fire consumed the village surrounding the castle. The thick smoke obscured his vision and made his eyes burn. He coughed and tried to drag in a lungful of clean air, only to find none. He dove and fury licked at his heart. Who would dare attack the town and where was his clan?
The cigarette lights easily, despite the way his hands throb and shake slightly now that he takes the time to notice the burns on them. He shakes his head and walks away. The light from the doorway guides his steps until he turns the corner. The walk back to the flat will do him good, will give him time to gain distance, perspective.
“Mike Stamford? Mike ‘I went to Barts with and saw just the other day’ Stamford? Are you stalking him too?” John stood quickly from the table. “Bloody hell, you are a madman.” He quick-marched out of the shop and did his best to ignore Sherlock shadowing him. The door failed to slam properly behind him, denying John the satisfaction of nailing the weirdo behind him.
He loses track of time, floating in that liminal space. He only comes back down when the weight of Sherlock shifts on the bed and he hears the squelch of lube across Sherlock’s fingers. He can’t lift his head, but he feels Sherlock untie his ankles and bend his knees towards his chest. The press of lubed fingers push into John’s arsehole. John’s breath catches as Sherlock works him open. He expects Sherlock’s cock to follow, but instead the brunt end of a dildo pushes in. It’s bigger than what he is used to and promises to leave him feeling it for days.
“But an accurate one,” Sherlock continued. “I may have twisted things a bit to ensure a particular outcome. When my parents mentioned that there would be a celebration for their anniversary, I began to plan. For reasons I will never understand, no one gives my brother a hard time about not being attached, perhaps because he is overly fond of cake. What person could compare to that?”
“Of course. Where else would I have been?”
Another set of feet came into view. From this angle, he could make out little more than well-made boots and the embroidered hem of a robe.  Nobility, then. He growled up at the pair of them, willing his body to move. For his trouble, Tremaine kicked him hard in the chin, snapping his face up and away from them both. Just out of reach lay Knight, already frozen in stone.
“And pointing out weeds you’ve missed.” Sherlock smiled.
“Mike Stamford assured me that you were a man of honor and quite capable. As well as able to handle a good deal of stupidity, so I don’t have to.”
John nodded, rolled out of bed, and grabbed his suitcase. He shut the door to the washroom without so much as another word. Sherlock sighed and resigned himself to getting up early. Perhaps they would be able to do a bit of snooping around before the entire house woke up to begin their day. After all, the best people to talk to were the help. They saw everything and knew everyone’s business. Nearly as useful as little old ladies.
He watches her. Times like these, she reminds him so painfully of Mary that it makes his chest ache. He’s tried, God knows, to be a decent father. Not like he had much in the way of example, but he’s done the best he could. But he also knows he is a hard man to love. Mary called him a stubborn mule of a man. Heartfelt confessions and tearful discussions always left him unmoored. Raising a daughter on his own for the past ten years has done little to fix that. He flexes his jaw and stares down at his hands, before letting out a slow breath.
A heart is the shape of a fist and Sherlock can easily picture John’s heart. The first hit landed like a heart attack, like a blessing. He had never been so thankful to feel John’s rage, because his rage was proof that John still cared, was still connected to him. John shakes him, slamming him again and again against the mortuary wall.
“Easy enough to do if you just observe. Ah! There we are.” Sherlock held up the last padlock in triumph. The door opened on well-greased hinges and Sherlock ducked inside.
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock pries his eyes open. John smiles at him, small but hopeful. His eyelashes are still matted from sleep and a crease from his pillow mars his cheek. A bit of dried drool crusts his chin.
The boy wipes a hand under his snotty nose and eyes them with caution. “Are you the police?”
Mary came to rest next to him. In the distance, the first glimmer of daybreak shone. Soon, they would return to stone and wait for night to fall once more. For the last few moments, John kept his eyes wide open. He never got to see the sun fully and descriptions painted a pale picture for him. Dawn was his only time to see the sun. He treasured it.
