“I don’t know, Dean,” she replies. “I could be a figment of your imagination, you could be dreaming… but even if you
He knows she’s right about Sammy. He knows Sam’s ability to communicate about these things is leagues above his own. He’s witnessed it, even minutely. He’s done the whole clap on the shoulder, bro comfort thing coupled with a “she’ll be back, man,” to Sam once or twice when he’d notice his brother looking especially despondent. But Sam didn’t snap at him, he didn’t try to play it off like that wasn’t what was really going on in his head. No, Sam would just nod sadly and say, “I know. I just miss her.” And those four words were words that Dean could
"But then, I saw you working with Jack," Cas continues. He's speaking as if he couldn't stop the words now, even if he wanted to. As if… the angel isn't gonna let the hunter fight for him.
“It's okay, Dean,” Cas hushes him quietly, his long fingers massaging the nape of Dean's neck. “I'm here. I'm not going anywhere.”
It's been a long time since he's seen those wings. He longs to see them now. Huge and protective and safe. “I'm helpless,” he whispers, “I nee--” he swallows, “Cas… I need you.” But there's no answer. Why would there be? Since when does Dean Winchester ever get what he wants?
All of the air leaves Dean in a rush, and he lowers the gun. He stares at her a moment longer before…
Cas thrusts a couple more times, his mouth dragging across Dean's jaw. He drops his head to Dean's shoulder, his undulations stuttering, then stopping suddenly. He bites into Dean's flesh to muffle his own cries as he comes, emptying himself into Dean. Dean holds him tight, keeping them connected as long as he can.
When Castiel's fingers contacted Dean's flesh, his eyes closed instantly. Bright white flashed in his mind, quickly filling his entire head and rendering him paralyzed before images began speeding through his mind like watching an old silent movie on a Nascar track.
Instead he pulls his phone out of his pocket, looks at it, a little bit relieved to see no calls or messages, and tosses it on the bed.  He doesn't have the burden of human necessities; there will be no teeth brushing, no shower, so he presumes the television might be a good way to pass the time.
Sam pats between the angel’s shoulder blades once and steps back. “He will. I know he will, Cas.” He nods again. “He knows this isn’t just on you. He just… he just needs time.” Castiel nods in affirmation, though he’s not sure he believes it, but Sam continues. “Dean doesn’t, um, process these things all that well. you know that about him, Cas. He’s, uh, I-I guess he probably never learned how.” Sam’s voice is wavering, no doubt thinking about the weight his older brother has carried his entire life. Castiel thinks Sam’s carried much of that weight too, but he doesn’t voice it. “S-So, he lashes out, ya know?” He blinks, sniffs, and the angel wants nothing more than to protect him, protect
said. The pain on the man's face was almost palpable. His eyes suddenly glossed over with what Dean honestly couldn't fathom were unshed tears. He was taken aback momentarily, the gun lowering a fraction before he recovered.
There is wetness on his cheeks; something that's incredibly rare for an 'angel of the Lord,’ though he hardly feels like one anymore. He doesn't realize he'd been sobbing until his breath stutters in his throat, and his hands angrily attempt to rid his face of the tears. He doesn't even bother wiping off the knees of his slacks; evidence of his pathetic plea to a non-existent father. It's a reminder that he will
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean begs, but he’s met with a defiant stare, swollen lips and wrecked hair, all of which are too fucking sexy for words. He leans in for a kiss, but Cas has other ideas. The angel dips down suddenly, flattening his tongue over Dean's nipple, and the moan that escapes him is almost inhuman. The angel drags his lips across Dean's chest, paying equal attention to the opposite nipple, and Dean can't fucking take it anymore. He pulls on the Cas’ arms until he finally acquiesces and stands. Dean can't crash their mouths together fast enough. Teeth tug on lips, tongues twist around one another, hands roam along shoulders, necks, the backs of heads. The only sounds are that of heavy breaths punched out of each one's lungs.
“Cas,” Sam's voice is quiet, but Castiel can hear the undertone Sam's trying to mask. Something’s wrong.
, that you love him.” She walks a little closer to where he still sits on the bed, an ethereal glow about her, “Please let me help you,” she begs.
Dean slams the door to room 7B, locking it behind him. Frantic green eyes scan the room for items to barricade the door, as his feet start moving ahead of him.
is real," he motions between the two of them and Dean's heart picks up. He starts to speak again, but Dean cuts him off.
“Dean,” Cas whispers. Dean can feel his breath on his face. The wall is nearly gone and he doesn't know what the fuck to do. “If you truly and honestly want me to leave, I will. I won't like it, but I will because, if you haven't figured out by now, I will do
A few seconds later and Dean could tell one from the other.  Hannah was flying a few feet higher, her wings beating less frequently, evidently riding an updraft, looking all the world as if she could coast like that all the way to Europe.
She chucked the parchment at Roggi's chest, which he scrambled to catch, before storming away through an open door behind the bar.
Castiel grumbled off to his right somewhere.  “For all you complain about not getting enough sleep I’d be worried you were dead if it weren’t for the snoring."
From what he could see, he and Sam were the only two people there.  However, along the back wall and between each support beam, there was a closed door, likely housing at least a few patrons that had already turned in for the night.  The sun had only just gone down, but it was a small, sleepy little village, full of farmers and travellers passing through that would be getting up with the sun.
"Just make sure you eat a couple times a day like we keep telling you and you won't feel so uncomfortable every time you eat," he promised.
The grace pulsing through his sword was eating away at the wood in Dean's hands, slowly charring it.
Though his eyes roamed the deserted area, there was no one.  It was only him and the voice in his ear.
He wondered how Cas was doing, feeling guilty that the angel was mostly the reason he was at the bar in the first place.  His hand clenched around the neck of the nearly empty bottle.
“Human,” he muttered, turning over each new piece of this man sitting in front of him as they came to him. “Righteous man. Dean Winchester.”
The Jarl turned and tossed a rather sizable coin purse at Cas, who's hand darted out to pluck it from the air.
,” he growled.  “I’m going to wipe out your entire bloodline,” he promised them darkly as he flexed his wings.  Through the gaps in Jörmungandr’s coils, his grace hissed and bucked, ready to fight.  Ready to
Experimentally, Castiel twisted his wrists without thinking about why he was doing it.  The serpent didn’t respond but the hands around him sure did, clamping down and grinding the bones in his wrists against the bones in his wings.
Cas pointed to a spot down in the south eastern corner of the map, easily five days away, at least.  And there didn't seem to be a whole lot between Kynesgrove and Riften.
When Cas aborted another roll of his eyes, the effort behind it was visible. “Yes,” he said instead, drawing out the
Castiel felt his lips pull back over his teeth in a snarl and his true form shifted inside his body, slipping unchecked past the barrier of his skin.
Dean refrained from smiling.  Cas hadn't even wanted to leave Sam at the bunker in the first place and it had only been his slightly greater concern for Dean's welfare should he go on the hunt alone that finally made him leave Sam's feverish side.
Dean had gone to every Walmart in Kansas until he found one that had them in stock and he'd bought all three. Just in case.
Cas dropped his wings into the water again and shook them violently – just like Dean had seen birds do – disturbing the water and spraying it everywhere.  The woman laughed, holding her hands up and turning her face away.
The sun was below the mountains now and the chill Dean remembered from their night sleeping next to the creek was quickly creeping back into the air.  He could feel it on his face and bare arms, but the fact that he was wrapped in several layers of fur and leather really helped keep the cold from seeping into his bones.
feel better, like he'd just gotten eight full hours sleep, and as they continued their journey, the feeling intensified until he and Sam were both fidgeting and bouncing as they walked.
Cas was staring at him with wide eyes, his full lips parted with shock and the half eaten mango sat innocently between them with more of a presence than a mango should have. All along the leading edges of his wings, the little feathers had fluffed up.
He blinked down at Cas, who was still staring dazedly at his mouth, cheeks flushed, lips shining and eyes wide.  Behind him, the feathers all along the leading edges of his wings had fluffed up.
It had rained in Apache City the night before and the long grass on the side of the highway was wet.  It whipped at his legs as he walked, soaking the thin fabric within minutes.  The air was still and heavy with the passing of a storm and a grey canopy over his head told Castiel that the sun would not manage to struggle through today.
you.”  The thought of having to try and explain with words what he looked like was laughable after the conversation they’d just had.
"Cas..." he trailed off.  There was nothing he could say now that he hadn't already said before.  He hesitated a moment before reaching out and letting his hand settle on the angel's thigh, squeezing lightly in what he hoped was a comforting gesture.  "Cas...Sam will be
Thanks to the heavy duty sedative, Cas had been out for twelve hours when Dean finally went back to his bedside post. They'd checked on him every hour, of course, but when Dean sat down he was still the same way the brothers had left him. Still as a corpse with the heated blanket snug around him.
Dean tried to remember a time he had told Sam he was proud of him.  Tried to remember a time he had praised Cas for something good he had done.  He tried to remember if he had ever said something positive to anyone at all just because it was nice to say nice things to people sometimes.
“Oh yeah, baby!”  Dean whooped, reaching in and grabbing two coin-purses nearly bursting at the seams.
His position at the table now secure, Cas took a moment to contemplate the third chair before he picked it up and placed it against the wall, out of the way, and grabbed a stool from a nearby table, settling down on it instead, ruffling his wings a little before folding them down tight to his back again.
Castiel shuddered, looking back over his shoulder like he couldn't shake the feeling of eyes on his back, and he herded the brothers away.
Two very long hours later, Sam and Dean left the shop with a lot less coin but a ton of new, and vital, gear.
Though, when he opened his eyes and saw how worried the brothers looked, he supposed it was worth the little lie.
"Cas, you gotta chill out, buddy," Dean whispered, somewhat fondly and somewhat warily.  "We're not even sure how many are in there.  We might have to back out and wait for Sam."
Once he felt comfortable that the water had been boiling for a least ten minutes, Dean starting to throw in some spices from the drying rack over their heads, followed by the chopped onion and then the carrots and potato, which would take the longest to cook.  He added some butter – three bricks of it had been wrapped in cotton cloth in a little crate by the drafty door – and some chunks of cheese because, well, cheese made everything taste better.
If he was going to survive this, he’d have to practice putting those walls up and fortifying them.  It wasn’t that long ago he’d been a master at it.  Perhaps it wasn’t too late for him to regain the mental fortitude of a full angel.  A
Castiel glanced in Dean’s direction, wondering if that was what the man had been trying to say with his unfinished sentences and grunting.
of Castiel.  He thought he had before, when he'd make a joke that went right over the angel's head, or watched his eyes glow blue as he blasted open a door, or felt the warmth of his grace as he was healed after a hunt gone wrong.
Castiel hummed, turning his head to look at the squirrel when it stretched to brace its tiny front paws on his wing where it drooped around his shoulder.
He was obviously still heavily sedated, his movements sluggish, but he uncurled a little from the tight ball he was in, and latched his gaze on to Sam; didn't look away for several long minutes, at which point he simply asked
, I'm sorry, Cas, you were zoning out on me and I couldn't – you weren't responding and I -” Dean made some kind of distressed noise that clung to the back of his throat like tar.
And it wasn’t just him they were talking to.  He could, at least, read the tense silences on some days and then the almost foreign
happening.  The realm seemed to be at the start of a crisis.  We eventually found the prisoner several months later, back in the Imperial City with Martin Septim, Uriel's heir.  When we arrived, the city was in the process of being destroyed by an army of Deadra lead by Mehrunes Dagon himself, an approximate comparison to a Prince of Hell.
Castiel was still out cold in the back seat, blood now dry on his skin, still pale as death and still as a corpse and for a second, Dean felt panic stab at his lungs, but he pushed it down. When angel's die they don't die quiet. The car sat idling in front of the entrance to the bunker for five full minutes before Dean found the wherewithal to kill the engine and get out. Sam followed after him and they started the task of extracting Castiel's limp form from the back seat.
Hannah said something that made Castiel shoot her a sharp look and she laughed in turn, shoving at his shoulder while he continued to glare until her hands went up in surrender and his expression eased.
They didn’t seem bothered by it and the four of them ate in comfortable silence, listening to the birds and the water and the occasional whisper of wind high up in the trees.  But mostly, they watched Cas.
But Dean had been on board before the conversation had even ended and if Sam's sudden obsessive google search-fest on the Sombrero Galaxy was anything to go by, Dean would be willing to bet his brother was all set to go too.
, his mind reminded him mercilessly.  He tried not to panic at the realization.  It was the bunker.  If any box was safe, it was this one.
His eyes flew open and his heart crammed itself into his throat.  Gasping for air, Castiel wrenched himself free of the hands holding him and hit the floor, crowding back against the nearest wall.
Dean closed his eyes, thinking back to the terror he’d felt in that moment.  “I just wanted to…stop him.  To get him under control.”
Both officers shifted, their entire demeanor changing into something even less friendly and Dean tensed when they shared a look.
Even though he knew the mill wasn’t far, Dean wondered if they hadn’t made a mistake as he resisted the urge to wrap his arms around his torso to try and fend off the chill.  Instead, he kept one hand on the hilt of the dwarven sword at his hip.  With the rain beating the ground all around them, and with thunder grumbling in the sky to the west, it was impossible to hear anything that might be approaching.
” look and was already sitting down at the table behind Castiel and Dean, a foreboding sense of determination in his normally soft brown eyes.
“Sam’s fine,” Dean quickly explained, still smiling, still with both hands on Castiel’s shoulders.  “I got a hold of him two hours ago.  He’s fine.  We’re fine.  Everything is fine.”
After a while, Cas' sleep schedule aligned with Sam and Dean's and the habit of sharing coffee while leaning against the counter became a ritual that Dean looked forward to every morning - with more enthusiasm than he could ever remember feeling. When his alarm went off at 7AM, Dean rolled out of bed without hesitation, near eager to make the coffee so that the smell could waft through the bunker and wake Castiel.
the intent behind them.  Moose, pour us a scotch, would you?  The good stuff, I know you have it because I left it here last time so I wouldn’t  have to drink that swill you two keep lying around.”
“Your heart – ridiculously beautiful,” Dean continued, inching closer still.  “Your weird sense of humor – ridiculously beautiful.”  Dean let his hand settle on the side of Castiel’s calf, fingers curling gently around the muscle.  “The way you scowl at me when I make you get up early – ridiculously beautiful.”
“I told you to wake me up when Cas woke up,” Sam complained groggily, rolling to his side and squinting over at the angel.  “You feeling better, Cas?”
Latin.  He traced the elegant, hand written scrawl with his eyes, wondering how such beautiful writing could hold such boring information.  And he knew for a fact that Sam was perfectly capable of reading and therefor translating Latin; it's just that Castiel could do it faster.  Or, at least he could when he made an effort to.  He glanced over at the thick, spiral bound notebook next to the tome.  He'd only managed a page and a half so far.
Cas hooked the bow to his back and placed the arrow back in his quiver.  “Look around, there is bound to be gold or something of value.”
Cas' personal space had been violated enough the past few days.  The last thing the poor, injured, drugged, angel needed was to wake up to Dean poking him in the leg.
His wings were sagging hesitantly, gaze flicking from Dean, to Cesar and Jessy and then to Sam standing behind them.  The grace faded from his eyes and Castiel looked back to Dean, his expression wary but
Crowley sighed, “I assume the spell caster simply ordered them to use their grace to wipe out their enemies, which would mean that was the
“Oh, don't worry about that,” Cas said with a wave of his hand.  He turned and started walking, his wings folded loose against his back.  “I managed to get a fair bit of information out of the inn keeper before she caught me down in her hidden room and chased me out.”
He hadn't even broken a sweat and he reached up to push his fingers into his hair and tug.  The sting of it wasn't enough to distract from the way his grace continued to arc between his nerve endings and twitch through his muscles.  He wanted to
Spikes of heat raced up through Dean's body with every little movement and sound Cas made, arcing down his limbs like electricity every time their cocks slid together.  Dean wished he had more eyes to watch Cas with.  He wished he could keep a constant watch on the way Cas' wings and feathers moved, rippling like the ocean waters behind them.  He wanted to always be looking at Cas' face, watching his mouth form around each little whimper and growl and gasp.  Desperately needed to be able to keep his eyes on the fluid way the angel's hips rolled in his lap, rubbing their cocks together smoothly.
Cas turned and moved up the shallow hill in front of them, crouching low, his wings falling down over his arms so that they were not the first thing to crest the hill and give away his position.
Sam was nodding beside him but Cas just gave them a little smile.  “I can get something to give us all a boost of energy.”
,” Sam managed to whisper through the effort he was putting in to not giggling like a little girl.  He clapped his hands over his mouth and screwed his eyes shut.  The sleep had done his brother some good and, despite the blood in his hair, he looked well-rested.
When Cas slowed, his wings tensing at his back and spreading, Dean stumbled to a halt beside his brother.  Cas was frozen ahead of them, standing between two trees, the low hanging branches grazing the rigid arches of his wings.
"I do, however that is not my biggest concern.  They have drawn snow on the map, which leads me the believe that Windhelm is perpetually cold.  I have a potion that should help keep you somewhat warm but do you think it will be enough?"
He found them at the bottom of the box, under a rusty wrench and a half empty jug of oil, and carefully extracted them.
lie down as commanded struggled for attention in the back of his mind but, in his outrage, it was easy enough to ignore.
Freshly showered and now in some clean clothes, Castiel looked a little better.  The hot water had pulled some color back into his skin and calmed his nerves, his eyes weren’t so wide and wild and he was no long looking this way and that in an incessant sweep for enemies.
Most confusingly, Ivarstead guards had the same helmet as the Whiterun guards – a closed face with nothing but two black holes to see through – but had the same thick padded tunic as the guards outside Helgen…but their wool wrap was a dark purple.
Belatedly, Dean realized he’d phrased that as an order and he paled, opening his mouth to take it back, but Cas was already answering.
Dean was telling him to breathe, to relax, that it was ok.  His vessel was tensed to the point of being stone-like, so he obeyed again and sagged with relief.  His energy, what little of it he’d had, leaving him as the binding eased back just enough to allow him to regain his senses.
Fear stole his breath instantly and made him try to back away, but the solid wall at his back stopped him and icy terror flash froze his insides when he realized he
“If you want,” Cas said, turning back to the brothers, “You can head back out into the village and start asking questions.  There are considerably fewer people in the tavern than I thought there would be.  I can start in here and the two of you can start out there and hopefully we can find something of use and be on our way.”
“To humans, yes. For angels, nightshade and poppy seed extract are potent muscle relaxants.  The fruits and flowers are both tasty
“Easy, Cas.”  He settled both his hands on Cas' thighs and kept them there, willing his heart to stop pounding blood into his cock long enough to calm Cas down.  “Hey,” he squeezed the solid muscle in the angel's thigh.  Cas' eyes focused on him, “You're alright, Cas, just breathe.”
A gentle breeze carried Dean’s voice and the hunter sounded hesitant in the vast darkness behind Castiel’s eyelids.
At the other end of the table, Cas was standing with his palms flat on the polished surface with his gaze down like he was looking over the map, but his eyes weren’t moving.  Though it was painfully obvious that the angel had lost his will to fight, he still looked every bit the Commander trying to find the energy to rally his disheartened troops.
It was still weird, after all this time, after knowing Cas for so long, to be confronted with such an obvious reminder of the fact that Castiel was not at all human but another species entirely.  It didn't bother Dean, per se, it was more like, every once in a while, he found himself thinking,
Sam stepped around them both so that he was within Castiel's unseeing line of sight, talking in that low, soft way that always seemed to put witnesses at ease; Dean was glad for it because his throat was so constricted now that he couldn't get any words out even if he could think of ones worth saying.
Dean swallowed hard when he let his eyes travel to the massive wings folded loosely against the angel's back.  Too long to fold properly while he was sitting, Cas let them droop over his shoulder, resting the large joints on the ground so that the tips of the longest flight feathers could cross behind him.  Feathers, dark as pitch all along the leading edges, were stark and dramatic against his golden skin, lightening to sooty grey near the tips.  He was wearing nothing but a pair of brown, hemp pants that Sam had bought him at some hippy store he liked and a seriously ruffled hair-do.
Castiel was truly afraid to move.  Had he gotten into a fight?  Had he run into other angels?  Was he being tortured again?  It certainly felt like it.
They had tied him down just like Metatron had.  They were cutting him open, taking his grace away, just like Metatron had.  And what’s worse, they had taken his free will away too.
he could see Castiel – where he was face down on the cold pavement with Calwell pressing a hand between his shoulders, hands cuffed behind his back.  The fact that the officer was carefully avoiding touching his injury did little to calm the fire racing along Dean’s veins and when Cas turned his head to look for him, Dean could see tears of pain in the angel’s eyes.
“You know what I mean,” Sam said, looking annoyed.  “Angels want to be around other angels just as much as humans want to be around other humans.
He breathes a sigh of relief when Cas looks up and there is recognition there. He's twitchy and hesitant, but he's aware and that's more than enough for Dean.
Two bookshelves took up most of the space and a small bed shoved into one corner took up the rest of it.  The shelves held an odd assortment of things; an animal skull – looked like from a deer – and a few dried plants, three stacked wooden bowls, some apples and carrots, and a big, thick book.
Dean looked to Sam, wondering just how the hell Liam was seeing whatever he was seeing. They’d known Cas for years and couldn’t read his micro expression this well.
The angel gave a start, obviously having been lost in thought, and turned with his wings twitching at his back, the tips of the longest, golden brown flight feathers actually dipped in the water a few inches.
“I hate this,” he admitted to the hunters out loud.  The easy way, with his eyes closed and his face pressed against the silky soft comfort of his feathers. Hoping that maybe it might take the weight of truth off his shoulder’s at least.
Cas' eyes opened again, the confusion lingering, blue eyes flicking from Dean to Sam and back again. "Home." he echoed, then his face went slack with a sudden memory. "You prayed to me." he said, sounding amazed. "I couldn't hear
before he even thought about asking Sam, which, judging by the way Sam’s face lit up with a smile, Dean supposed was answer enough for both of them.  It had been a long enough time since they’d had someone in the bunker besides the three of them and a visit from friends was always welcome.
The trio was led up a long flight of stairs in the back corner of the Hall, to a smaller space with a few tables, shelves and weapon racks, all of which were empty. Dean moved over to the nearest table, finding a large map spread over its surface.
He pulled Castiel's chair back to the table and Castiel winced when he saw the ruined arm rests, flexing his fingers.  Grace and power were no longer coursing through him, but throbbing deep down inside like a sore thumb.
He smirked as he made his way to the kitchen, thinking of the profile he might set up for such a site.
Castiel swallowed.  “It will smother my grace…so that there is nothing for the binding to crush.”  He didn’t tell them it would need to be re-cut every day.  The lines needed to be clean and continuous.  Scabs and new skin would break those lines and render the sigil useless.
annoyed.”  Castiel manifested his blade, both uncaring and unsurprised that he was showing through his vessel.  In the chaotic mess of the last few days?  Week?  He barely had control of himself, he did not have the mental space to be worried about what bits of his angelic body were and were not slipping through and scaring his human hosts.
came careening out of the bushes in front of Dean and he leapt back, his heart jamming itself into his throat as he reached over his shoulder and closed his fingers around the pommel of his greatsword.
“Um...” He wondered what constituted an episode worth counting.  “Two or three?  It's not usually this...difficult to control.  I can usually...” he sighed, having the sudden urge to come clean.  “Sometimes I will see something and it takes me a moment to realize it's not really there.  That it's not real.  Sometimes it gets stuck there but usually it goes away as soon as I realize.  But sometimes I
Like the way the hair on his arms sometimes stood on end, Castiel felt the same tingling pull all through his wings and his empty stomach heaved.
’ glare Dean had seen in a long time and only then did he realise that Cas was staring up at him guardedly.
He made an effort to pay attention.  Sam sometimes knew how to talk so Castiel could actually understand.
Thorygg took the greatsword when Dean handed it to him.  He pulled it from its sheath, examined the blade closely, then nodded firmly.
Dean held back a retort and worried about how he was going to make sure he didn’t touch Castiel in a twin size bed and hated himself after the brief thought that at least Cas was still a little out of it.
Over the edge of a mutilated rooftop, a thin cloud of smoke rose into the air, where it was carried away on the wind as soon as it reached the top of the city wall.  Rounding what was left of the corner or a house, they found themselves overlooking a small court yard, in the centre of which was a big, square stone with an overturned basket next to it.  There were squat iron bowls full of still burning coals at the base of a tall watch tower that still stood sturdily on its foundations despite the damage it had taken.
For a moment longer, Dean watched Cas’ fluffy wing rise and fall, thinking that it was probably pretty damn cozy to be wrapped up in there, before he crept from the room and softly closed the door behind him.
Asking for help when he’d been the one giving orders for the better part of a few hundred years wasn’t going to be easy, but he was nothing if not tenacious.
Cas, just because your stomach doesn't hurt doesn't mean your body doesn't need energy and if you go a long time without eating you might stop feeling hungry at all.  Where's the closest diner, look it up on your phone -
Cas was picking bits of grass off his blue tunic while Sam stumbled over.  When the angel spread his right wing a bit to pull a twig from between his feathers with a displeased frown, Dean couldn’t help but track the movement of the new limb.
Castiel listened as Sam outlined what he was allowed to eat and drink over the next few days.  How much he was allowed to eat – hardly anything – and how often he could eat it – not often.
After a moment of cloying silence, in which Dean could not come up with a word for what Castiel was not, Castiel felt compelled to fill in the blank for him.  “I'm not a what?  A monster?”  He felt his grace pulse, felt the binding tighten.  He spread his wings a little and, for a moment, let his real voice come through.  Just a little, just enough to drive his point home but not enough to rupture his vessel’s vocal cords.  He wouldn’t be able to heal them.  “I’m not something to be hunted?”
“We will ask some questions here to see if we can find any leads but then I’d like to press on,” Cas mumbled as they entered the inn.
They were dressed in the plain cotton clothes that Dean had come to recognize meant they were common working people.  Likely farmers or mill workers in the small town.  Constantly moving, they had no need for furs to keep them warm.  They looked disgustingly awake for the time of day, and were chatting and chuckling quietly to one another.
The brothers were in their pyjamas, hair messy and faces creased.  Castiel had tired hard not to wake them, but he couldn’t hold back the groans of pain this time, and apparently Dean was a very light sleeper when he wanted to be.
They had to hop off the edge of an eroded overhang to get back onto the road and Dean took a moment to look around.  It was obvious the river sometimes flooded and spilled over the road, as the dirt had been washed away and had cut into the soft earth under the forest, exposing roots in gnarled tangles and washing away some of the stones in the road, leaving it patchy.  His eyes swept back over the river and he grinned when he saw silvery fish jumping up the rapids.
There was a makeshift fence of woven sapling branches sectioning off a small garden that was overgrown with weeds. Cas was crouching next to a fat-leafed plant with deep purple flowers on it.
If he hadn’t known better, he would have sworn he was still on Earth and it was this, more than anything, that was leaving Dean feeling unsettled.
“What is it, Cas?”  Dean asked.  It wasn't unusual for the angel to look at them like that; as if he wanted to tell them something but wasn't sure if he should.
He took a sip, paying attention to how the muscles in his arm, hand, and mouth moved to make the action possible.  The drink warmed him from the inside, and he closed his eyes again, letting the feeling swell, listening to the wind in the trees, smelling the dirt and the wood and the crisp air.
“Why would we go to the beach when it's raining?”  Sam asked, looking like he thought Dean had hit his head.
It took everything he had to clench his teeth around the sob of loss trying to claw its way from his throat.  Despite his care, a tear carved a hot track down his cheek.  Hands still shaking, he ran the tips of his fingers over his throat, unable to help himself.
“I want my phone call,” he said over and over and over.  “When do I get my phone call?  I want a phone call.  Get me my phone call.”
Hannah touched down first, her dove grey wings fanning out while her lower body swung forward.  Breaking with quick, shallow wing beats until her feet were on the ground and she sighed with a wide smile.  For a moment, her wings stayed arched and open and she reached her arms over her shoulders with a groan, rising up on her toes, wing tips reaching in opposite directions.
He'd said it so casually, as if the very woman they were looking for passed through his inn every other day.
Dean blinked at the bark of Cas' words, taking in the wide eyed, angry look and the way his wings flexed and spread away from his body a few inches in the beginnings of an aggressive display.  He noted it all before Castiel reigned it all back in and lowered his challenging gaze demurely.
Dean had been the one to go out and get them an artificial tree from one of the local thrift stores and Sam had located a few boxes with Christmas ornaments. They had spent the afternoon trying to decorate it as best as they could and with the limited supplies they had.
Gabe nods at that and agrees that is very unusual. “Then lest star looking for the families and see if they want to talk to us.”
“That sounds fun, Dean-o, when are we going?” Gabe shows up at the door eating a lollipop and wearing an ugly Christmas sweater.
“I´m leaving too.” And starts to walk to his own car. Once inside he sighs. “I need to change my clothes before stopping at the station.” He starts the car and then drives to his hotel.
Dean makes gagging noises at them before he finishes putting away the rest of the groceries, he was secretly happy about his brother even if it had taken a bit to warm up to the archangel and his pranks but it had come in handy to have him around when they would go out hunting. He is done when Cas shows up and looks at the flyer on the table. “What´s an ice festival?”
He sighs and opts for another way. “You are right, why should you care? It's not your problem anymore if there are other parents out there! That will soon get a call from the police telling them that their missing son is dead!” he turns and starts to walk to the door.
Castiel sneaked out with Baltahzar to look at the local marked of the town they were visiting. He wanted to see things from another perspective and his friend was to ease to convince. They disguised themselves and made their way through town, he saw some cloths that Anna would love to have and when he was ready to go back he saw a man with blond hair and green eyes, he stopped and Balthazar had to push him so he could move, he stopped his brother and made his way towards the stand. He asked about the products and bought some milk which he didn´t really need and also some fresh strawberries.
It had all started after a drunk one stand, Castiel remembers the morning after, both of them naked and he could feel his ass hurting, he had looked at Dean who was still sleeping and knew it was a mistake since Dean was dating Lisa and also because clearly, he had taken advantage of his very straight best friend. He had left not wanting to be there when Dean wakes up.
She nods and looks at him. “Sir, Agent Castiel Novak from the FBI is here and he wants to talk to you.” She looks to were Castiel is standing nearby.
“I think it´s a bit too tall but it will fit in the …er… living room.” He adds as he doesn’t want to say control room. “We will need some ornaments, man, and lots of lights.”
Dean sighs as he walks back into his small house, he removes his soaked jacket as he sighs since he feels tired after another day working at the garage. He looks at the calendar and smiles, tomorrow he gets to pick up Ben from school and spend the whole weekend together, ever since his divorce from Lisa things have been a bit bad for him. First, he lost his job at a muscle car renovation place, and then he had to move to a creepy house. His brother, Sam had offered to let him crash at his place with his hyperactive boyfriend, while he got his feet on stable ground again but his pride didn't let him. So, he had found a small two-floor fixer up house with two bedrooms, a kitchen, and a living room with a mini room that he had turned into a washing room.
Dean looks around and notices the other kids having fun and wonders what he can do to make Ben happy, he knows to be late to school had been his fault cuz he couldn’t sleep last night and the one before so he missed his alarm and they had arrived late two days in a raw. He remembers the good times when Ben loved to play with other kids at the park and usually he had to beg him so they could go home but that had been before the accident before he had messed up.
“Listen, kid. If I'm honest, I'm pretty sure that I could have done this investigation without the FBI, but the press was and is all over us, demanding information. This origami killer as they have named him it´s fast becoming a national concern even if he only hits on my city. I mean, there are hundreds of killers in this country, but what do you know, this guy is kinda exotic, He leaves flowers and paper stuff and them the press knew about his MO and suddenly we become the center of the universe. ”
“Usually he stayed after school with his classmates to play in the near park but that day the other kids arrived home except him. All of his friends came around 5 except him…” the alarm sounds. Lilith stands up and goes to turn it off. “Your time is off, I suggest you leave now.”
Anna fills the form and pays for a week before she grabs the keys for room 202 and goes out before following the hallway to the stairs and then up until she gets to her floor and looks for the right door. Anna is almost near the door to her room when she sees a man that can barely walk and looks injured.
He tries to open but it´s locked, he tries a few more times before he starts to hit the door with his shoulder until it finally snaps open, he stops and sees Mrs. Kline on the bathtub with her wrists open but not bleeding heavily, meaning she didn´t cut deep enough. He tries to wake her up and succeed a little before he looks for a towel to apply pressure on the wounds. He then carries her to her bed and does his best to dress the wound using some gauze he finds in the bathroom.
Uriel stands up. “ Tell me, Agent Novak, did you get your vast experience on the job, or did you just fuckin' read about it in a schoolbook?!”
It had been now almost 6 months and he hasn't experienced any side effects unless the headaches he has suffered a few times are one of those, Hannah wasn´t very specific about the side effects.
The captain nos and smiles at Castiel before shaking his hand. “Novak, of course! I´ve been expecting you. I´m in a bit of a hurry but you can tag along if you want.” Zachariah starts to walk down the cubicles.
Anna sighs and with some difficulty manages to get the man to his room and is about to ask for the keys a tall man opens the door who once he notices the man moves and helps him.
As soon as his feet touch the ice, he has trouble and clutched to the wall for support. Cas chuckles a bit at that. “I believe you need to relax, Dean.” He steps onto the ice and as if he had been doing it all his life he slides towards his human.
“Oh, great. There must be ten thousand people living in that sort of area. You gonna question them one by one?”
“The best way of tracking a predator is to be familiar with his behavior.” Castiel takes a deep breath as he explains that.
“Very interesting...and where does all of that get us?” Uriel asks rolling his eyes, he is still against them having an FBI agent there, they were very capable of finding the killer.
He looks at her. “I had a baby brother, I know a thing or two.” After that, he moves to the living room and goes to stand in front of the bassinet. He was going to pick him up when he sees the bloodstains on his hands and decides to go wash them in the kitchen. Once he does that he goes back to the bassinet and looks at the baby. “Hey Jack…what´s the problem?” he leans down to pick him when he notices the smell which makes him step back a bit. “Oh, I see how it is. Don't worry Jack. I will clean you up in a second.”
Dean walks with Ben to the nearby park and sits with him at a bench, thankfully it's not raining yet and there are other kids at the park. This is one of the nicer ones since it has swings, slides, and even a carousel that kids can get on for one dollar.
“I don´t need that... wait … are you sure Cas would like to go to that?” He asks feign not being interested.
Dean and Castiel had kept walking and they were near the end of the raw where Dean finally had found a tree, he dimmed worthy to be in the bunker and also tall enough to fit in the main room.
Gadreel nods and leaves the room, he goes to his car and makes a few notes on his notepad before he drives to his apartment. He leaves his coat on the couch near the window and then goes to his kitchen to eat something before calling it a day.
“Maybe but they might take ages to do something about it, I have to go out of here and find out what this ticket is about. I promise to call you if I find something.”
“The more clues we get, the more we can reduce the zone. We can then cross-check it with our list of suspects and identify the killer.”
“Good timing, Jimmy. Just the man we're looking for.” Uriel walks to the main room and looks at the other.
“Ben is a good kid and he knows that if he can´t find his father or mother, he can call me and I will help him but he didn't contact me,” Sam adds. “My brother loves his son.”
“I want to do that too but as Dean said, it's dangerous now. We can´t just go and say we got the letter. I think we should do some research with the others… I don´t think Dean is the only father that got this box with the clues. But it's weird that none of the others said anything about this or the news never mention that…”
Uriel stops and looks at him. “Well there are no marks on the body, the only clue we have at the moment is that it looks like he was drowned like the others.” He turns to the cop. “Where´s the coroner? We have been waiting for over an hour for fuck's sake!”
“Well, I was just getting bored in my apartment and I decided to come to spend the holidays here with you yahoos and my little brother also you guys need to step up your decorating skills.” He points to the hallways that didn’t have anything.
“No, mom said I shouldn’t have sugar before bed.” Ben stands up to leave his empty plate in the sink.
The man nods and asks him to follow him to the desk. He types a few words and smiles at Dean. “I thought you weren't going to pick her up, that car has been here for over a month.” He turns to grab the keys. “We checked the tires and the engine as you asked or well your friend said and we have been waiting for you or him to pick it up. It´s on the third floor down. Just take the elevator.” He points to the back.
“I´m Gadreel Shurley. I´m a private detective. The families of the victims of the origami killer asked me to investigate the case. I´m here just to ask you some questions about your son.”
“For the moment, about ten square miles.”Castiel sighs since he knows that's a lot of ground to cover.
Anna frowns a bit thinking all of this is weird and that the man looks somehow familiar. She shrugs and decides to go to her room.
“Just get in the car.” Dean sighs and once they are all in, he starts the engine and drives towards the highway and then follows some road signs towards the tree farm that he had found last night that was just a couple of hours away from them.
He was pretty excited about they actually have the chance to celebrate Christmas this year and he wanted to make it special not only for Jack but also for his brother and Cas.
Sam parks at Dean´s place and notices that the lights are off. He opens the door and walks in calling his brother, Gabriel close behind him. He walks into the living room and sees his brother. “Dean! What happened?”
“We are back, Cas” Dean said with a smirk and looked at the comic book. “Oh, you are reading Superman”
Gadreel nods. “Pardon me asking, but do you take care of Jack on your own? What about Nick´s father?”
“You have reached your destination, are you prepared to show your courage in order to save your son? Listen carefully: Take the highway and drive against the traffic for 5 miles, if you haven't reached your destination in 5 minutes, you will have failed. ”
“Agent Novak, this should come in handy, We call it ARI which is the acronym of added reality interface, they are state of the art and will help you investigate scenes and analyze evidence in an efficient way.” Hannah, his boss had told him as she had given him a small box. “But I must warn you that we have reports from other agents that have suffered some side effects when they have used the equipment for a prolonged period of time. So try to use it only for crimes where we don't have a lot of visual clues and NOT for trivial situations.”
Zachariah stands up. “That´s enough! ...You said it took 6 inches of rainfall before the victim died. How much time do we have left? ”
Castiel and Dean Winchester had met when they both were in middle school. Dean had lived all his life in Lawrence Kansas and was one of the popular kids thanks to his looks but especially his green eyes and charming personality. He had been going to his literature class when he saw Azazel bother a new kid, he hated the other guy and went to stop him, none dares to mess with Dean Winchester since his father was the major. Azazel had left and Dean moved to help the kid, he had asked him what his name was he couldn’t help but to notice the scared blue eyes, he offered his help and that was the start of their friendship that had to endure until their last year of college when Dean had come to put a name to his feeling for his best friend. Everyone at school knew that Castiel was gay and some teased him but what they didn´t know was that the famous ladies man Dean Winchester was bi, and since he had a reputation to hold, he never said anything to his friend until tonight…
Castiel wanted to tell the other guy that it was obvious his experience wasn't working out but he didn't want to get in trouble. “ I came here to find the killer and that's exactly what I'm gonna do - with or without your help.”
Lilith shakes his head. “He is an ex-client who thinks he owns me, last time I had to call the cops. Thanks and…take care.”
He nods and walks into the room once Lilith opens the door. He leaves the money on the table and looks up in time for Lilith to set an alarm and moved to the bed. He stands next to the bed.
Castiel shakes his head. “Not really, we have always been busy hunting and I never was curious about this type of celebrations while I was in heaven.”
His bother nods and texts his boyfriend and gives a bit of privacy to Dean so he can call his ex-wife.
As you can see I´m adding some time points so we can get an idea of what's happening, the first chapter of Dean was just like an introduction. the rest of the chapter happen at the same day but different hours, this will also help me in later chapters when things do hit the fan. Thanks for reading.
Dean hesitates but finally looks up. “As I told you… I´m still suffering from these blackouts? Don´t know if that's the right word, doc. There are times when  I don´t know what I'm doing… I recover consciousness but I'm in another place and I have no idea how I got there. I had an episode the other day. Do you think it has to do with the accident?”
He sighs and starts to explore the scene, he walks first to the corpse and notices that in one hand there is an origami figure of a dog, on the chest, there's the orchid and from what ARI can tell him it´s been there for less than 12 hours. The face of the victim is covered in mud just like the other victims. He looks over the body but can't find anything that will lead him to a potential idea of who had done that. The data bank or ARI tells him the victim is Jeremy Bowles, who had been missing for 5 days. the pollen coming from the orchids and how it guides him towards the train tracks, he starts to follow the rail finding some blood that matches the victim´s which makes him think that the body was moved to that location and got an injury postmortem. He follows the blood that takes him over the hill which is a bit difficult since it's still raining and the mud makes it difficult. He finally manages to get to the top of the hill and sees that he is right next to the highway.
He felt naked.  Liam seemed to have a knack for putting into words what Dean had only recently been able to identify and isolate as issues, let alone describe out loud.  But hearing it now…he felt both ashamed and reassured.  He hated admitting it, even to himself, but sometimes Cas could be frightening in that way only supernatural creatures could be.  Ways that lit up the most primitive parts of Dean’s brain; the parts that had assured the success of their species by making them run back to the safety of their caves when something bigger and stronger than them crossed their paths.
Carefully, Liam’s face schooled itself into something patiently neutral, waiting for more information before he formed an opinion. “Why do you believe that?”
His wings sagged with the realization and he desperately tried to put a name to how it made him feel.
The brief thought of trying to break out surfaced and then floated away.  They’d walked past a dozen officers and went through at least two doors that required a key card.  Even his delinquent skills weren't that good.
Dean was still standing right in the doorway so he slowly took a few steps back and set the coffee mugs down on the floor, out of the way, and then sat down right there in the middle of the hall so he could still see Cas through the open door. They'd also learned by now that Cas was way more at ease if they were sitting down, just like anyone else would be. It gave him a chance to see them move before they could do anything about it, gave him a warning – time to get away – by the time they were on their feet.
Cas' eyebrow twitched upward and one corner of his mouth followed it.  "Yes, we already discussed this on the way over."
“I'm not running anymore!”  Sam snapped when Cas came walking back through the trees with a confused frown and nary a drop of sweat on his brow.
But a second later, what little tension had managed to coil itself in Cas' bruised and drugged muscles, let go.
Just being in the Impala was enough to calm Dean down a little.  The way she roared down the rain slicked road was like a mirror and an outlet for his own desire to scream and roar, he wanted to roll down the window and bellow his frustration into the troubled sky, but letting Baby do it for him was almost more satisfying.
Cas shifted uneasily; a frown etched firmly into his face.  His blue eyes, as sharp and cold as the wind ruffling his feathers, stabbed at the stone walls and shadows around them.
inescapable; there is no safety in being trapped.  You cannot expect Castiel to feel as safe here as you do, their mind simply does not work like that.”  Liam gestured towards the library with an appreciative eye, “I, however, think it really is quite lovely and I feel very safe here already.  It is alright to acknowledge that the perspective of someone else differs from that of your own.  Neither is right or wrong.  They are simply not the same.”
inflicted. He tried to tell himself he'd done so unknowingly but he was starting to get the hang of this honesty thing and knew deep down that he'd always been conscious of his treatment of Cas.
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ shoulder, then to the side of his neck, smiling when it earned him a huff of laughter.  He pressed a kiss to Cas’ jaw, then to his cheek and then to his smiling lips.
Dean grimaced.  Three six-foot-tall, heavily armored men knocking on someone’s door in the middle of the night?
A breath escaped Dean's throat in a sharp gust, as if Castiel had punched hm in the chest instead of just answering his question.  “In your room, just half an hour ago?”
But before they could reach him, Cas sat up on his own and the brothers stumbled to a halt, their faulty legs forgotten.
was all he got in answer. So he blinked a few times until he could see again, refused to give up now that he was so close to...to something that was not what he came from.
“Well, I wandered around for a bit.  Spent some time in Kynesgrove then moved on to Riften before I started to run low on funds and heard from a peddler that they were looking for someone to take over the inn in Ivarstead.  So, I made my way east, not really knowing where I was going.  Every person I asked just kept pointing in the same direction, telling me to follow the mountain.”
Unsure of how watching a pot would keep the contents from burning but determined to do as he was asked all the same, Castiel gave a single nod.
That is, until it began to build.  It was nothing like the serpent’s strength but certainly enough to get his attention.
“Just make sure you stir it every few minutes,” Dean instructed softly, lifting the lid off the pot and using the long spoon to stir the contents. “Like this.  Ok?”
Crowley rolled his eyes, “You three are the most dysfunctional family I’ve ever met outside my own.”  He cast a perturbed look between the brothers and pulled up a chair, starting to read over the passage again.
Tears carved cold tracks down his face and hopelessness swelled dark and hungry, carving out a fresh hole in his chest.
He hoped one day Cas was comfortable enough with them again to sit on the couch between them, maybe lean into Dean's side and let him wrap an arm around his shoulders. But Cas wasn't quite there yet, he still shied away from contact unless he was the one to initiate it, though he was reaching out more and more – a feather-light hand on Sam's arm to get his attention or a tug on Dean's shirt to bring him closer.
Castiel shuddered and shrank back in his chair and Dean quickly pushed on, feeling his stomach flip.
Sam’s eyebrows climbed and he sat up a little straighter, evidently relieved that there was something he could help with.  “Actually, yeah – “
Adrianne, Dean was pretty sure that was her name, turned out to be the woman he had seen working the forge the morning before when they had first entered the city.  Today her face was just as dirty.  Even though the sun had only been up for a couple hours, she had obviously been hard at work.  Her husband, a massive man standing behind the counter of their shop, stared at them plaicdly.  He wore a battered iron armor set that looked like it had seen too many battles and not enough love but had quite clearly saved the man's life several times, if the dents in the chest plate were any indication.  The fur padding underneath, sticking out under the armpits, was flattened with years of use but the thick leather straps criss-crossing his torso were suple and dark with regular care.
The road here was well maintained, with hardly any gaps in the cobblestone.  They were walking through a birch forest, no firs in sight, and some of the leaves were starting to turn yellow, rattling in the gentle breeze.  It was a stark contrast to the forests they had seen so far and, as they followed the road, the mountains moved farther and farther way, the terrain flattening and filling with more birch trees.
Cas' hand recoiled from the apples reflexively and he turned a wide-eyed stare on Dean, looking both chagrined and appalled that Dean would refuse him sustenance.
For the first time, the brothers actually witnessed it.  The gleaming blade materialised out of Cas’ forearm and rolled in to Dean’s hand and, after a moment to shake off the strangeness of it, Sam placed his large hand on the angel’s shoulder, half for comfort, half to help hold him still while Dean carefully redrew the sigil.  It turned out to be unnecessary, as Cas seemed not to have the energy for anything more than a few reflexive twitches and a wince.
The brothers followed him as quietly as they could, but when Sam stepped on a twig and it snapped under his weight, all three of them sucked in a breath, eyes darting back down the road.
He threw the brothers a pointed look when he realized they were still frozen in place several yards behind him.  “If we go
have left behind, well, I might be able to save you the trouble of walkin' there."  He patted the fat saddle bag resting on his horse's back.  "I got all kinds of odds and ends.  Orcish arrows, a soul gem or two.  Enchanted necklace, some alto wine all the way from Markarth." He gave Dean a shrewd look.  "You look like you enjoy a drink now and then, I'll give you a good deal.  Three gold pieces for a bottle, whadaya say?"
He could tell, because Cas’ wings gave him away.  Normally he held them folded tightly to his back, rigid and in control, but somewhere on the road that had led them away from Helgen, the angel’s wings had started to droop.
Cesar had sounded somewhat exasperated on the phone but he’d sounded happy too.  Apparently he and Jessy had decided to renew their vows.  In Alaska.  Which was a hell of a road trip, Cesar lamented hesitantly.  It would be nice if they could stop in and catch up for a day or two.
A truth and a lie lodged themselves in Castiel’s throat, but neither slipped through.  He looked away, unable to hold Dean’s gaze.
“Yeah, it never is,” the tall one drawled, looking thoroughly unamused.  “Sir, step aside, we’d like to speak to your partner.”
They’d been driving for less than twenty minutes when Castiel spoke up, sounding hesitant and unsure in a way that made Dean swallow around the tightness in his throat.
time since he’d stood in the stillness of a dawn, having barely survived a vicious battle.  His muscles ached, his skin was tacky, his feathers were messy and matted with dried blood.  He felt dizzy with the intoxicating mix of relief and victory that only a hard fought – almost lost – battle could give him.
Slivers of moonlight cut through fat clouds, highlighting the rolling foothills in which they had landed and revealing a patch-work of scrubby bushes and tall grass.  Farther in the distance, the dark shape of jagged mountain peaks rose against the horizon, blotting out stars and poking at the bellies of clouds.  In the swelling darkness of twilight, not much else could be seen.  There was a gentle breeze raking through the foliage around them, rustling the grass and carrying the sweet smell of recent rain and damp earth under their noses.
The brothers shared a grin.  It wasn't the first time they'd shown the angels something new and had been impromptu teachers.  After the first time they'd noticed it, they had both been more conscious of what they did when introducing Cas and Hannah to something new, because whatever they saw the brothers do, they copied exactly.
The twitch in his lips turned into a grin and he felt something light and airy bubble up through his chest and escape his throat as a deep chuckle.
And his wings of course.  They were massive, stretching eighteen feet from tip to tip – he and Sam had made Cas stand still one day so they could actually measure them – with sleek, glossy black feathers, the longest of which were nearly five feet long.
con, we have to give Crowley three of Cas’ feathers and he might do something really evil or gross with them.”
His wings arched out to either side, which would have been more intimidating if he hadn’t still been on the floor, half-frozen in a scramble to get away.
His grace had already been smashed into submission, but its sudden absence was like a fresh hole in his chest.  With nothing to control, Jörmungandr released him.
the angel sit back and relax with them while he had the chance?  But then Sam had astutely observed one day that it just seemed like angels didn't do well inside stone walls and Dean had found he agreed.  He’d tried to picture keeping a magnificent eagle in a little box.  Hardly natural for the eagle, and he supposed it was the same for Cas.
happening right at that moment, and it was that more than anything else, that had Dean tripping over himself to put an end to it.
“We should question as many people here as we can.  I spoke to the guards on patrol last night but it may be worth asking those on duty this morning.
Castiel hesitated, waiting for the missing pieces of this puzzle to fill in the gaps in his mind, but Jörmungandr’s fangs were taking up too much space.  Had they all been captured by the same enemy?  Were Sam and Dean somewhere beside him, also being tortured?
He startled a bit despite Dean's care and a few drops spilled over the side of the mug when Cas snapped back awake, his fingers tightening too quickly around the mug and eyes flashing open and darting around.
Castiel stared down at the words scrawled across the ancient and crumbling page.  With a sigh, he pushed the book away.
He tried again, engaged the muscle this time, and was rewarded with a blurry glimpse of something that was not hell-fire or blood – which was infinitely encouraging. He wanted to try again, but that warm, soothing weight was making him heavy and sluggish. He remembered, somewhere in one of the fragments that had yet to be knit back into the rest of him, the feeling of security and comfort of wrapping himself in his wings.
And, of course, Thorygg himself.  He was a big, muscular man with blonde hair pulled back from his hard face in a braid.  He wore
Dean’s brain screeched to a half and nothing came out of his open mouth.  What would Cas have used for a last name?  Not Winchester, none of them were allowed to use that in the event they ended up in hospital and they’d been over that with Cas.  Would he had given any name at all?  It was entirely possible he wasn’t aware enough to do so.  It didn’t matter, as Dean’s
Poor Cas was perched on a stool so that he didn’t have to try and cram his wings in to a normal chair.  Both hands were wrapped around his mug of steaming coffee and he was staring down at the table in front of him with dark circles around his eyes, looking for all the world as if merely keeping them open was taking all the energy he had left in him.
For now, he shoved all that aside and threw up some feeble walls.  Too much had happened in the last hour and he was too exhausted.  He could barely think straight, let alone analyze whether his thoughts and emotions made rational sense.
He half turned again, looking at the bed.  It was pushed against the wall opposite the door so that when Cas slept in it, his feet would be facing the door.  Lifting his head, Cas took in the bare walls with a growing look of discomfort.
Thorygg seemed about to wave them away but then thought better of it, a thoughtful look passing over his weather-lined face.
After that, talk turned to what their plan of action was.  They found a motel easily enough, near the city centre, and got out their maps and newspapers and started to work on trying to narrow down where the nest might be.  It was late into the evening when Dean looked up from his laptop, his eyes blurring with fatigue.  Cas was sitting on the floor with his back to the bed and a totally checked out expression as he stared down at the scattering of news paper clippings littering the carpet around him.
He opened his mouth to suggest heading back, but caught Sam’s eye at the last second, biting the words back when Sam shook his head minutely.
“You’re ticklish,” Sam’s head shook slowly from side to side, his devious grin widening.  “Oh that is just
To these officers – who had an air that suggested they’d been doing this for a very long time – all they saw was a posturing, aggressive alpha male blocking the door and a naïve, half naked, wide-eyed and bruised quiet man fidgeting nervously on the bed.
He at least looked more at ease now, Dean was relieved to note.  Enough to turn his back on Jessy and Cesar at least, though he hoped that was more because Cas trusted them – him – enough to raise the alarm if something were to happen.
Dean knew he shouldn’t.  It wasn’t as if he and Sam had given Cas much reason to think of the bunker as home over the last few years.  And a couple weeks of trying wasn’t going to undo all that.
a member of the Thieves Guild, Maven is likely the only one who can be bought for the information.  The Guild won't give you one of their own.” She sighed, leaning over the counter, “As for Roggi's debt, she might be the best way to settle that as well.  She has just as much power over the Guild right now as they do her, but that will change the stronger they become.”
“No, of course you’re right, Dean,” Castiel interrupted, “I am no stranger to pain and this is nothing compared to reconditioning...or whatever it was Naomi kept doing to me.”  His voice was positively caustic, “I can
Just around the bend they had been aiming for and a few meters back from the water’s edge, there was a second, smaller rock formation jutting out of the ground where the river had long ago cut a path through the bedrock.  It left a bit of an overhang that would block the wind and some of the rain.
As soon as they stepped into the wide street and were clear of the building, Cas' wings unfolded and stretched into the air, flexing once in a lazy downbeat while he reached his hands over his head and laced his fingers together.  Sighing at the end of his stretch, Cas folded his wings against his back again.
Liam looked between them with growing uncertainty, as if suddenly questioning if they really knew Cas as much as they had told him they did.
.  Not only for his own sake, but for everyone else as well.  He stood carefully, wincing when it felt like a shard of ice was being driven through his chest, and made sure is voice wouldn’t shake before he spoke.
Cas was already frowning, but it deepened further.  “Why didn’t you tell me you were injured?” he demanded, reaching for Dean’s tunic.
"Can't you just like, zap us there like you normally do?”  Dean asked desperately.  The mere idea of Cas having to
Castiel had just managed to let himself sink in to the familiar and mind-numbing trance of a long and steady march on aching legs when the sound of the Impala roaring in the distance caught his ear.  He heard it before any human would and smiled – a pitiful twitch of his lips – knowing the sound of that car more than an angel should.  He crossed the two lanes and trudged through the soggy median and across the other two lanes just as the Impala came over a gentle hill in the road.
They had an Angel of the Lord trapped in there like an injured bird in a shoebox.  A very powerful, very unstable, injured bird.  He’d known angels were messed up…but Dean didn’t think it had really sunk in until now.
Apart from that, no one was walking down the narrow streets, not even a guard, and there were no lights in any of the windows they could see glinting in the moonlight.  Everything was made of stone; snow was gathered in every nook and cranny and covered every roof and flat surface.  There were no trees, no plants, no living things at all.
At half past five in the morning, Castiel had finally shuffled into the library in a pair of plaid pajama bottoms Dean didn't recognize. His cheeks were red - likely from the heat he'd gathered under all those blankets - and his eyes were even more squinty than normal, open just wide enough so he didn't bump into any walls or furniture. His hair was a wild mess around his head and there were creases in the tanned skin on his shoulder from the sheets.
Castiel remained silent and if the man was perturbed by it, it didn't show, and he continued smoothly.
Dean thought this over, trying, as he had been for the last couple months, to realign his view of angels.
“He’s a slave again,” Sam finished with a sigh.  But then he straightened suddenly.  “Oh…but angels are already slaves in a way, aren’t they?  They just all have the same master: God.  What if the Vikings meant to transfer that title to the spell-caster?”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief as she ran off, lab coat billowing out behind her.  He hadn’t even caught his breath before Sam was at his elbow, asking what had happened.
"Before you set out,” Iddra continued, looking unconvinced they’d be able to help but desperate enough to let them try, “You should know that Riften is not a very nice town these days.  The people there don't trust one another at all and tension is high.  Be on your guard, there's no telling what might happen at any given moment in that city."
Sam quickly swiped a hand across his eye and remained silent, either too upset or too overwhelmed to contribute to the conversation.
He wasn’t the same as he had been before, but then neither Dean or Sam expected him to be.  They certainly weren’t the same people they had been a few years ago.  Now, Cas was nothing close to human, but he wasn’t fully an angel either.  He could no longer hear the voices of his brothers and sisters – something that had been much more distressing for him than either Dean or Sam could have predicted.
long story,” he added when Dean opened his mouth to ask.  “My entire garrison was sent to help and then Adriel's as well when it became clear we needed more soldiers.  We stayed for a few months and then left when everything looked like it was starting to settle.”
Cas' eyes were wide and frightened, his entire body was trembling and he was sinking into a crouch like a tiger getting ready to pounce. Pushing against the walls, Cas was trying to spread his wings even more in a subconscious, instinctual movement to try and make himself look bigger against what he perceived as a threat and it was obvious from the glazed, cornered look in the angel's eyes that Cas was probably floating somewhere between reality and flashbacks.
The sound of fabric flapping in the breeze made them all jump, but it was just a wind-shredded banner high up on a pole that had somehow escaped the fires.
Cas shook his head, still with that little half smile, and readjusted his grip on the mug so both hands were touching as much of it as possible.  His wings, still a bit fluffy, curled around his shoulders.  But there was a distinct difference in the movement this time that Dean wouldn’t have been able to pinpoint if asked, and he knew it wasn’t because Cas was subconsciously trying to hide.  He was cold.
He inhaled the stale air, hoping that might help steady his hand and his nerves.  Alas, it only served to remind him that he was buried underground and his heart stuttered in his chest.  He shoved the icy feeling away and raised his blade again.
He didn't give the brothers time to protest and instead crept forward, quick and silent in a way Sam and Dean had no hope of replicating.
annoying.  With his usual crutch having been whipped out from under him, Dean was left with…tea and his own budding ability to psychoanalyse himself.
Castiel pressed his weight into his sword, a stab of twisted delight arcing through him when Dean cursed breathlessly, arms shaking as they gave.
Dean swallowed and met the angel's wild-eyed gaze. Cas was under Rowena's spell, if they cut him loose, who's to say the angel wouldn't immediately try to rip out their throats.
His hands and feet tingled as the blood rushed back into them and he felt the uncomfortable pull of feathers out of place and sticky with blood.
“Why not?”  Castiel sighed again, looking mildly annoyed now.  “At worst nothing happens, at best you may weaken Amara enough to kill her – “
But eventually the terrain evened out again and Dean looked over across the choppy rapids to where the water rushed along the base of the giant mountain – the throat of the world – as it towered over them.
Cas threw a glance over his shoulder, folding his wings tight to keep them out of the way of people trying to pass behind him, and then offered the woman a small smile.
Cas turned sharply, a clear end to the discussion, and the brothers scrambled to follow, trying not to look too nervous under the weight of the guards' critical gaze.
Dean shook his head, thinking back over the last few months.  “No, I didn’t.  Jesus, has it really been six freakin’ months already?”
“Talk to me, buddy.  Is…is there anything I can do?”  Dean asked, sounding like he already knew how pointless the question was.  “Anything at all that can…can help?  I could…I could make us some burgers or…”
A careful nod, an even more careful step forward, and Castiel took the clothes from him.  “Thank you.”
The squirrel jumped from its branch onto a sapling growing out of the rocky wall, scurried down the mossy rocks and scrabbled onto an even smaller sapling, which bowed under the weight of the tiny critter when it strained out on to it’s only branch, little nose and tail twitching.
“Why?”  Dean grunted as Castiel finally relented, wings still half spread like he might have the energy to try again in a moment.  “Tell me why you need to…to pray or whatever it was you were doing!  I know it’s hard, Cas, but please just
It was unsettling and a little heartbreaking and Dean desperately wanted to ask Sam if he was seeing that same things as he was but, well.  That just wasn't something Dean could articulate.
Sam had backed off and was a silent, miserable throb of a presence behind him. Dean could feel the helplessness rolling off his brother in waves.
“I should hope so,” Wilhelm grunted, tightening his grip on his bottle of ale where it rested against his knee.  “Otherwise we might as well roll over for the dragons now.  Some people still seem to be sticking like dried sap to the hope it's all just rumors, but I've had too many travelers come through here of late with white faces and shaking hands, telling me they're running from the monsters of legends.”  He shook his head gravely and the firelight flickered in his dark brown eyes.
He was lowering it a second later, because Sam was standing beside the chair Cas had been tied to and was gently lifting the steel ring off the angel's head, large hands shaking and face tight with worry. Sam looked up and their eyes met.
better to have them out.  His wings had been in another dimension so long that he’d forgotten how right it felt to have them here with him.  Connected to his body.  Or at leas the body he was inhabiting.
Sam huffed an exasperated laugh off to his left and Cas had turned to see what all the commotion was about and, seeming to regain its survival instincts, the fox took off like a shot, panting little growly breaths with the effort to escape as fast as possible.
It took some doing, but eventually the brothers managed to get Cas down all the hallways and into his nest while Liam hovered behind them anxiously.  But he paused in the doorway to the bedroom, watching as Sam and Dean stepped over the edge of the nest of blankets and settled Cas down as gently as they could.  Breathing hard, Dean’s hand lingered on Cas’ shoulder, hoping for some sign of life but knowing he would get none.
Crowley glanced down at it, presumably looking at the two lines beneath the spell.  “What, this?  That’s not a release spell.  It loosely translates to ‘End this heavenly light’. I assume it was a half-assed attempt to kill the angel once they were done with it, since I doubt they would have known about angel blades let alone had access to any.  That being said, I’ve never heard anything about them successfully disposing of an angel.  It was always the other way around.”
"Our quartermaster has a few weapon supplies, arrows and the like," he added, winking at Cas.  "And there's an alchemy station outside the medical tent if you do that sort of thing."
His cellphone vibrated against his leg and he nearly broke his fingers shoving his hand in to his pocket to pull it out.  He jabbed the green button under the ‘
Crowley cleared his throat, dragging both brothers’ attention back to him.  “If you don’t mind my asking, why the hell did you bind him in the first place?”
It happened hard and fast and all at once, ripping a ragged cry from his throat that was drowned out by the ear-splitting
“The sooner we get moving, the sooner you will warm up,” Cas encouraged, already starting to kick dirt over the fire.
Redrawing it would have to wait.  Someone was in the room with him.  Someone he was quite sure was neither Sam nor Dean.  Castiel knew the feel of their presence by now, even without access to his grace.
When his lungs expanded on the next inhale, it was too automatic and too fast and the air stuttered through his constricted throat.  He tried to hold it there for a second, then two, before breathing out with a touch more control.  Fighting his own lungs was always hard, but he’d had a fair bit of practice by this time in his life and the next inhale was already less aggressive.  After the third, the tingling in his hands and feet receded, letting him know it was working, that he wasn’t going to pass out, and it helped calm him further.
He tracked the silvery sheen of the angel blade, the only thing he could see clearly through all the red.  Hands grabbed his arms, pulled him back, tried to drag him to the floor again.  His wings beat powerfully, dislodging them, and he surged forward and collided with whatever
“I'm sorry, but I don't know of much that needs doing right n...” Cas trailed off, frowning in a way that Dean had long since learned the angel was computing.
He pulled back, let his hands slide away from Cas’ face, but Cas’ long fingers snaked around his wrist and Dean froze, looking down into wide blue eyes.
Dean frantically looked around the room once more, still trying to piece together what had happened.  He looked no less panicked, eyes dropping to the blood-caked bed and then up to Castiel’s wings, darting from one to the other without connecting the two.
A moment later, though, Dean felt a gust of wind at his back so strong it pushed him forward and he stumbled, turning at the same time Sam did.
out of the cage for months and me and Sammy, we've been watching over you. We've been keeping you safe. What you did – it saved the world, but you gotta let us save
Eventually Dean managed to tear his gaze from the flames and suggest they drag the giant tree over in front of the pit so they could have something to sit on.  It took both of them heaving and grunting and complaining to drag it the ten feet across the sand – and it wasn't like either of them were light weights – and Dean was left marvelling at the fact that Castiel had not only managed to lift it into the air and keep a grip on it, but also had managed to fly with it.  There had definitely been some grace involved in
“Yes,” Cas confirmed.  His voice sounded as calm as ever but Dean could see his wings were stiff and rigid, like a tightly coiled spring ready to jump.
It was something Dean had been trying to break him of for the last couple years – unsuccessfully.  But, as it turned out, all he'd needed was to find Cas another angel to get him to loosen up a little.  He tried not to think too hard about what Hannah might be doing to loosen Cas up.  He tried not to think about it at all, actually.
Dawn came slowly, the dark and the fog both dissipating with all the speed of a receding glacier.  Dean was awake to watch it go.
Sam stared at him.  “I know you don’t actually believe that.  After we saw how getting his wings restored
The coppery scent of his own blood was all he could smell, the tang of it all he could taste. He tried not to let the panic building in his chest take over, but he was pinned like a butterfly and felt just as fragile.
It wasn’t nearly as bad as the energy potion.  It burned, like he’d swallowed liquefied cinnamon, and the burn spread from his stomach all the way out to his fingers, toes and face.
them, but it’s just as painful and maddening as a human not being able to breathe.  The real dirty part is, instead of dying, for an angel, the agony goes on and on.  Imagine not being able to breathe but never dying.”
She cleared her throat.  “I’m sorry,” she repeated, “I’m not normally so…jumpy.  I…I wasn’t thinking clearly.  I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
An especially deep inhale told Dean he'd finally woken and the wing under his hand became animated.  He felt the muscle flex under his fingers and all the feathers deflated a little, laying flatter but not nearly as sleek as they normally were when Cas was awake.  Then Cas was pushing his wing up, into Dean's hand, and back so he could peek sleepily through the gap between them.
Aeranir nodded proudly.  "I am.  I even studied at the bard college in Solitude for two years.  My father was so very proud," she said drolly.  “I might not be rich but I am happy telling tales and singing songs."
“Dean.”  She turned to him fully, pointedly looking at Sam as well.  “Castiel has already exhibited increased strength with the constant flow of adrenaline triggered by his psychosis.  He overpowered several orderlies and had to be given twice the amount of sedative most patients need.  In his current state, he may not recognize you.  If he becomes violent,
He let his fingers barely brush Cas’ shoulder, remembering what Cas had been like after Metatron, remembering how even the slightest touch made him flinch.  But it seemed Cas was too far under the layers and layers of sedatives because all he did was shift sluggishly, his brow pinching.
They were getting there, slowly rebuilding Team Free Will into what it used to be. The bonds, though still tentative and delicate, already felt stronger than they ever had before and he smiled, watching as Cas dropped a piece of popcorn somewhere in the folds of the three heated blankets piled around him, digging for it for a few seconds before his feathers fluffed in irritation and he gave up, returning his attention to the TV.
“Oh, er…don’t worry about that.  Happens more often than you’d think,” Dean grinned, gingerly taking the shotgun from her and putting the safety on.  “These old buildings have shitty wiring.”
In the Skyrim verse, Mehrunes Dagon has the same name as Dagon in Supernatural but they are not the same character.
“Well, Dean, let me see what I can find out.”  She stood, papers pinned under her arm.  “What is your friend’s name?”
He’d given Liam as much of Cas’ backstory as he could, as well as all the ways Sam and Dean were woven into it.  He’d also had the uncharacteristic foresight to warn the man that there were many,
The first time Dean had seen them he’d caught Cas unaware, off one of his trails in the woods.  Along with the smell of wood and dirt saturated with rain water and the feel of moss under his boots, the sight of Castiel – actual angel – sitting in a small clearing with his black wings fanned out and sunlight streaming down in glittering pillars all around him, would be seared in Dean’s brain forever.
It bled a lot more than his chest and he had to pull a faded purple blanket free of the wall of his nest, pressing it to the wound and blocking the light of his grace until it stopped bleeding.
Cas kissed like he flew; with a wildness and appreciation that suggested he'd been aching to do so for centuries, and Dean let his hand tangle in the angel's hair, let his other slip around to press against the dip in his spine to push them flush together from chest to hips.
Just like that, the fragile peace Castiel had woken up to shattered.  Coldness swept through him, the bindings around his grace squeezed tight enough to steal his breath, and shame curled behind his ribs.
There was no roof over their heads, leaving its lone occupant at the mercy of whatever weather fell from the sky.
Castiel remained silent on the other side of the table, just as Dean had ordered, and it only made things worse.
Although, if the universe refused to let him die, he supposed this was the next best solution.  At the very least, if he was incapable of leaving this bed, then he could do no more harm.
Castiel’s attention snapped back to Sam and his wings flared in alarm, his scapulars spiking again, as if the King of Hell had suddenly materialized in the room instead of just their conversation.
The other officer was shorter but no less intimidating with his blond hair in a military cut and sharp brown eyes.  Dean still scowled when he realised that some nosy occupants had probably called the cops when they heard him and Cas arguing.
“Yeah, I think we're officially up in the big leagues now," Dean chuckled, but his grin quickly faded.  "But you
Dean let their lips slide together, felt a breath shudder from Castiel's chest and ghost over his mouth.  It trembled all the way down through Dean's chest and to his toes.
Or like when he'd seen that innocent little barn owl shift on it's post and revealed razor-sharp talons.
Dean felt himself deflate like a popped balloon and he let Sam drag him towards the hospital’s cafeteria.  He wanted to protest that they should be
But Cas wasn’t missing, Dean knew this, he was just at one of his woodland haunts.  Which could be anywhere between a few minutes of walking to a few hours of hiking away.  Sometimes he even stayed out over night.
“Just –“  Dean bit his tongue before he snapped at the posh accent.  He took a deep breath, literally able to
The shaking subsided into a fine tremble, and his grace calmed.  He let his eyes slide shut.  It was far from painless, but the drug had effectively taken the edge off.  He could at least breathe again.
“I’ll come get you,” Dean offered at once, desperate to get this show on the road.  “You at Kansas City Airport?”
Dean was already shaking his head, thumb brushing absently over the bruise on Cas’ cheek.  “They won’t, Cas.  They wont hurt you and they wont try and hold you down as long as you don’t fight them.  I
even if he tried.  Which was probably for the best, he thought, following Dean through the heavy metal door to the bunker.  He remembered what sleep was like from when he was human.  As if willingly falling unconscious wasn’t terrifying enough, his brain had, most confusingly, been primed to make his sleep as horrifying and unrestful as possible.
"Ok." Cas' full lips stretched into a wide smile, showing his straight white teeth and making the corners of his eyes crinkle and Dean felt like he couldn't breath.
“I always thought they’d be all white.”  Dean’s tone was overly thoughtful, and the constipated look he’d had on his face mere moments ago had vanished into something much more…calm.  He and Sam shared another look, the corners of their mouths twitching.
“Given the circumstances, you did great Cas.  You survived.  You got home.”  Fine lines etched themselves into the skin around Sam’s eyes and the younger brother suddenly looked anguished.  He looked
Cas looked over his shoulder at the brothers and said quietly.  “Stay as low to the ground as possible and try not to make too much noise.  When I release my arrow, run.”
When Sam appeared back in the room with his mother in tow, Castiel only felt a spike of annoyance and mild apprehension.  He did not want to be in the same room as Mary.  He did not want Dean to see the way she looked at him.  Like he was some creature to be put down.
“You think the farmer guy might have mentioned that there was a fucking troll just up the road!”  Dean hissed, because really?!  All that yammering and he didn’t bother to mention it?
Dean slid the backpack off and set it on the ground, moving over to stand beside Jessy and Cesar who were, despite Dean’s earlier warning, staring openly as Castiel’s wings.
There was no doubt as to why Castiel had been a commander for so long.  He himself was a weapon, but both Sam and Dean were still uncomfortable giving him orders - no matter how natural it seemed for Cas to follow them.
Dean blinked, his gut swooping strangely.  Cas was going to actually use his wings to fly and Dean was going to get to see it.
Dean wondered if he wasn't reading too much in to things.  After all, it had become obvious over the last few months that Castiel and Hannah felt something for each other.  No one spent as much time together as they did – got as close as they did – without there being some kind of romantic feelings involved.
Castiel leaned back in his chair, resisting the urge to sigh a third time – that seemed a bit excessive – and stared at his pen.
Liam looked equally as concerned as he did fascinated, muttering about fetching his notes from the car and getting to work while Sam and Dean stood shoulder to shoulder and stared at Cas, sound asleep in his nest.
“Yeah?”  the guy asked, suddenly sounding hopeful and making an effort to sit up straighter.  “In exchange fer what?  I don't got no mon-
him to move. And how much time do we even have?  He was already pretty messed up before I put that fucking spell on him, I don’t think he’s got much fight left in him, Sam!”
Dean almost felt guilty each time one of the delicate plants smacked against his shins, remembering the time he and Cas had gone for a walk on this very path only a week after the angel had managed to get out of bed for the first time.
There was a reason he’d won so many battles.  There was a reason he kept getting back up every time he was cut down.  He was a weapon of incomprehensible destruction.  His Father had created him to destroy and he was going to destroy Lucifer or obliterate himself trying.
He wasn’t convinced they would be able to manage the latter and he braced himself, holding Sam’s gaze.  Often times humans told him they wanted him to do something and then got angry when he did it.
“Shit…fuck, you might have actually broken a rib or something,” he muttered.  “I’m gonna put my hand between your shoulder blades.”  Because back when they were trying to wean Cas on to physical touches, warning him when they were going to put their hands on him had been an important lesson that only had to be learned once.  If Cas was back in that headspace, Dean didn’t want to startle him further.
As if to accentuate his point, Castiel wings rose out of the water a few feet and he ruffled them violently.
“I’m glad you like it,” Liam said sincerely, looking genuinely chuffed.  “Drink it slowly, the effects may come on a bit suddenly.”
Suddenly, Dean realized how tired he was, and he had to resist the urge to sink into the nearest chair and catch his breath.
He sat bolt upright on the uncomfortable row of seats he was laying across, that slightly queasy feeling in his gut telling him he was still a long ways off from being fully rested, and he swallowed around the dryness in his mouth.
Castiel's lips were suddenly against his, soft and shy and a little hesitant and a bunch of other things Dean couldn't process because his brain was short circuiting and his gut was swooping like he'd just fallen off the top of a sky scraper.
Dean allowed himself a moment to be thoroughly displeased with the situation before he lets his eyes wander from the glasses perched on the end of her nose to her red hair – shot with grey – falling out of the tight bun she’d put it in hours and hours ago, then down to her name tag.
“So,” Sam said, his voice sounding a little tight.  He cleared his throat and tried again, “So when you say instincts, do you mean like all the flying and stuff?”
Sam sighed and Dean leaned back, his hands clutching his thighs.  Was he literally the only one who hadn't realized Cas was suffering?  That the angel was actually the opposite of happier than he'd ever been?
Castiel swallowed, closing his eyes against a lance of pain in his chest that had nothing to do with the binding or the sigil.  “Yes, you did.  And its true, in any case.”  Castiel gave him an out, but the words stung.  He
The barren stretch continued down in to a narrow valley that spread before them.  Some pine trees had found a foothold in the dry soil, but most of the trees had withered and died long ago, their twisted grey trunks painting a picture of their hard fought battle to survive.
His stomach heaved and he stopped breathing, allowing himself to feel the presence of them and, most importantly, the
“Why?” Castiel asked, immediately suspicious.  He squeezed himself out of the chair, perching on the edge so he could free his wings and spread them a little, driven by an instinctual need to be ready to move quickly if the need arose.  “Are angels trying to communicate with you?”
With a heavy and put-upon sigh, Castiel sank into his own chair and rested his chin in the palm of his hand, almost looking bored.
, even now, even after all he'd suffered because of Dean, Cas was still trying to defend him. “ I'm sorry I never...I called you a hammer once and I never –
“Uh, this is the war room.  I…don’t know why we call it that.” Feeling awkward, Dean scratched the back of his head.  “Uh, Cas is with Sam should…should I go get them?”
For close to an hour they stay like that while Dean repeated over and over what he'd already said before Castiel finally moved, shifting haltingly like he wanted to uncurl but his muscles wouldn't loosen enough to let him. His shaggy head of dark hair lifted off his knees and Dean held his breath, bracing himself for whatever might be staring back at him.
Tugging on his arm, Cas pulled him closer, right back between his thighs, and Dean released a breathy chuckle, feeling drunk.
The strangeness of seeing Cas just…being an angel in such private moments was still strange.  Dean almost felt bad, like he was peeping through the window to the girls’ change rooms.  He didn’t know why he felt that way.  Cas grooming his wings was no different then Sam brushing his hair or shaving his face.  Angels obviously had mundane and routine maintenance tasks like personal hygiene just like humans did.  So why did it feel so…odd to witness?
He resisted the urge to fight, trying to suss out if it was, in fact, medics just trying to keep him alive.  There was certainly enough blood and pain to explain a battle gone wrong, and an army losing its commander in the middle of a skirmish could be a fatal blow to moral.  They would hold him down to do their job.  They had before, when all Castiel had wanted to do was get back up and
“Dean,” her voice held the long practiced gentle patience of a doctor talking to emotionally compromised family members.  “I need you to listen to me very carefully.  Castiel became violent –”
Until he remembered that Cas hadn't really looked at him outside of fearful glances and distrustful scrutiny in close to a year. He reminded himself how many times he'd just wished he could look into Cas' eyes one more god damn time because he'd never allowed himself to appreciate just how ridiculously blue they were.
“Eight days,” Narfi answered with certainty.  “Reyda left to pick some flowers and...” he trailed off, reaching up to tug at his hair.
before they were glowing white again.  The flash of color came and went so fast Dean barely had time to process it.
He cast around for anything to say that might provoke his attacker into giving something away; something Castiel could
Dean cleared his throat and Sam heaved a sigh, picking up the conversation in place of Dean, who still looked like Castiel had reached out and slapped him instead of just answering his question.
The implications of that may have bothered him, if he hadn’t managed to filter out all of his opinions and feelings on
Cas looked over his shoulder and Dean followed his gaze, peeking between Cas' profile and the curve of his wing.  His heart skipped in his chest when he saw the guards still looking right back, their faces hidden within their helmets, making it impossible to decipher their attitude.
Castiel flinched at the sudden sound of Dean’s voice, ripping the top two buttons right off and blinking as they pinged against the floor.  Heat pushed in to his face again.
But that’s what it was.  Castiel was starving.  It was plain as day and impossible to deny as Dean stood there and watched Cas pull on the clothes Dean had given him. His ribs were just visible under his skin, his collar bones and hip bones were sharp and his shoulder blades shifted, too close to the surface of his skin as the angel pulled the old tshirt over his head.
Cas' hand settled over his, his touch light as a feather and so warm.  Though, confusingly, Dean felt goosebumps erupting up his arm.
He took a deep breath. “I'm trying to tell you that I don't want you going around anymore thinking I don't care about you. I'm trying to tell you,” he closed his eyes, couldn't look at whatever reaction his next words might provoke, “...that I love you. That I have for a fucking long time and that I don't expect you to do anything about it. I just...wanted you to know.”
He’d never had cause to examine the feeling of power killing monsters had given him and he didn’t think he was ready to examine it now.  Not after the day they just had, with it's terrible revelations and admissions.  He needed something
and at first Dean had been grateful.  He didn’t deserve Cas’ trust, not after how he’d handled it the last time, but the gratitude had quickly crumbled, crushing him under the weight of a terrible realization.  Because the more he replayed it over in his head the more Dean was certain that Cas had not given them his sword because he knew it would irreparably devastate them to walk into his room and find him dead, but because he’d been given an express order to get better. To heal.  To not die.
Dean leaned back in his chair, feeling his stomach sinking like a stone in the ocean.  Mike’s expression had gone from carefully controlled to something dangerous and disgusted.  The officer leaned forward, the overhead light shifting across his face and making him look menacing.
,” he growled, settling his hands on Cas' hips again, pushing him down harder.  Cas' hands settled over his, trembled when they slid down over his wrist and grabbed them.  Dean opened his eyes.
Cas' days consisted mostly of two to three hours naps and reading the oldest, dustiest books they had in the library. He'd yet to leave the room, though the door stayed open all the time now and they'd removed the chains and scraped the sigils off the wood, neither of them were going to push him.
Ignoring the suddenly weird vibe as best he could, Dean grabbed a pinch of the angel tea, as he’d decided to call it, and added it to the fourth cup, then filled all of them with hot water from the kettle.
“We’re not giving you Cas’ feathers like he’s some kind of…”  Sam cut himself off, looking angrier than Dean had seen him in a long time.  He was visibly holding himself in check, but only just, teeth half bared in a snarl like a wolf protecting its cub.
Dean's heart made an effort to climb into his throat before he pushed it back down.  He could do this.  He could take an angel’s hand and fly through space to another planet.  He was Dean-fucking-Winchester.  He took Castiel's hand and was surprised by how warm it was – he'd always assumed angels would be cold, like the marble statues they often mimicked.
Dean couldn't help but grin when he looked over and saw Cas sprawled on his stomach, his head burrowed under the pillows, one arm hanging over the edge of the mattress and the blankets bunched up and tangled around his legs.  He could just make out the steady rise and fall of his back as he breathed deep and even.
“Cas,” Sam said gently, coming to stand beside him.  “Jessy and Cesar are good people, ok?  You don’t have to be afraid of them.”
The graveyard was huge, they found out, and they stumbled upon the crime scene from that morning half an hour later.  The area had already been cleaned up and nothing but a red stain on the grass and a piece of caution tape fluttering in the breeze was left.  It told them nothing, and after another twenty minutes of canvassing the cemetery, they gave it up as useless and returned to the car.
It was frigid and dark and deathly silent, save for the howl of the wind skipping over the high walls like some massive giant blowing over the rim of an empty jug.
But even as he thought this, his grace roiled, the binding squeezed, and he doubled over with a grunt.
“What’s your last name, Dean?”  Mike asked, flipping open the folder and click his pen.  He didn’t even look up.
“Are you concerned I might need slowing down?” he drawled, scrunching his eyes shut around another twist of pain.  He spat an Enochian curse word but it did little to dull the needle-like stabs spiking within his chest.
Cas' wings were just as animated as he was, rising and falling with lazy, almost absent beats, like breaths or a heartbeat, but Dean found he could break their rhythm if he tried.  Gently digging his fingers into the base of  Cas' wings would make them freeze, just for a second.  Slipping his fingers between the longer feathers higher up would make Cas push his wings down into his hands.  And dragging his hand against the grain of the feathers would make all of Cas shake.
It was a small thing, a little brook that had likely spent centuries carving out the deep but narrow path through the rock under the mossy forest floor.  The trail that led to it was even narrower than the creek, barely wide enough for both Dean’s feet at the same time.  It took less than an hour to walk there and was easy enough to reach when it was light enough to see.
He still wasn't sure if he'd moved too fast or spoke too loud or if it was something else entirely that had caused Castiel to go rigid only a few seconds later, the fear and confusion fading from his eyes – which normally would have been good, if everything else hadn't faded with it. Dean had literally watched Cas begin to shut down right in front of him and panic had pushed up his throat, had turned his words into senseless pleas. The thought of having to watch while he lost Cas
Given that they were asking the guy for help, Dean supposed he deserved a little bit of back story.  If only as a gesture of goodwill.
Their armor had fully dried overnight but it was, unbelievably, still raining the next morning.  Luckily, it was only a light sprinkle now.
Castiel was having a hard time following Dean’s words as they flew by him but he could plainly hear the pain in the man’s voice and the urgency with which he needed Castiel to hear him.
At the centre of the open space there was, of course, the large rectangular fire pit, making it just this side of too warm with all the gear they were wearing.  There were tables and benches shoved up against the walls that were full of bottles of wine and mead and some bread and cheeses set out for patrons to pick at.  The bare floorboards had been mostly covered with woven mats and one or two animal furs to discourage the cold from seeping through.  With a small thrill of vindictive satisfaction, Dean walked across the large bearskin laid out in front of the door.
“What can I get for you gentlemen?  Are you hungry or thirsty?”  she flipped the cloth she had been wiping down the bar with over her shoulder.  “Or both?”
It was hard to even call it a road, at this point.  The pass seemed to be a natural pathway through the mountains which some industrious souls had decided to line with stones and cairns to mark the way.  In some places, the space between sheer rock faces or old landslides was barely wide enough to fit a horse.  After they had been walking for some time up shallow inclines, the narrow road turned sharply to the right, then descended steeply and Dean hoped for the first time ever that it was all downhill from here.
bad, fire starters and backup GPS, fire extinguishers, there was even a two person tent stashed back there.  Just in case.  Living the life they did, one couldn't be too careful.
“Five grand.  Ok, our best shot here, I think, is personal recognizance.  Basically they release you on the condition that you legally agree to return for a court date.  Then we disappear like usual.”
When Cas' eyes lingered closed and the mug tilted in his slack fingers Dean spoke up, making sure to keep his voice soft, “Cas, you're gonna spill your coffee.”
Cas looked left and right several times, his frown deepening with every sweep of his eyes and Dean could see the pitch of his wings changing, the arches becoming sharper and higher as the angel folded them tighter in frustration.
Cas blinked and Dean saw his wings lower, curling around his shoulders a little, the feathers flat and sleek.
When Dean jabbed is thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the sitting room, Liam’s gaze followed curiously.
The angel's full name still felt strange on his tongue, but all those articles him and Sam had read told them to say his name a lot, something about an anchor that Dean couldn't remember.
The smell of good food curled under Dean’s nostrils like a siren song and he closed his eyes, taking a moment to shut out all the new things he was trying to process and just…breathe for a moment.  He let the comforting sounds of background chatter, a crackling fire, the clinking of dishes and the warmth of the tavern wash over him and counted to five.
A few minutes – and a lot of denim on denim friction – later and Dean managed to wrangled his waning focus and slip the tips of his fingers past the waistband of Cas' jeans.  He swallowed, able to feel the flex of Castiel's abdominal muscles, his skin inhumanly warm against the back of his fingers.
It took ages for the water to boil to the point where he was sure it would be safe to consume, but Dean kept them all busy.  They chopped up more cabbage, carrots, potatoes and some leeks.  They stepped out under the overhanging roof and shook out the linens and animal skins from the beds and made sure to keep the fire burning hot and low with coals.
Grimacing like revealing the information was causing him actual physical pain, he told them, “The glasses may be letting you see my grace more…
When they reached the room he was to stay in, Castiel wasted no time shrugging out of his coat and tossing it over the foot of the bed.  Reaching for his tie he looked up in time to catch Dean staring at him with a deep frown before the hunter cleared his throat and left the room, mumbling that he’d be back in a minute.
“What?!  No way!” Dean immediately panicked, his brain conjuring up a thousand reasons why that was a terrible idea.  Most importantly, the fact that he had woken up with a boner after dreaming about Cas only a few days ago, and that was the last thing he wanted Cas to wake up to – his friend lusting after him- after everything he'd been through.
Jessy held his gaze and nodded and his eyes slipped over to Cas.  It was only then that Dean realized it wasn’t unease he was seeing in the lines of Jessy’s face, it was sympathy.
“Have I ever told you how beautiful your wings are?”  Dean said, pulling his face away from Cas' neck just enough to press a kiss to the angel's temple.
It was only about three feet wide but it was deeper than it looked, and the path it had cut through the rocky sub-terrain under all the moss and roots was several feet deep.  Up ahead, the sound of the waterfall was audible.
“Ok, first things first, tell me every detail about what happened from when you got back to the motel to right now.
“That's not what I meant,” Dean had to correct, before Cas could deflect any more.  “I mean why did you
“The monks managed to communicate some coordinates,"  Cas continued as they picked through the pile of clothing.  "It is the last known location their person of interest was seen.  I'm almost certain I translated them correctly – we shall see, I suppose.  Change as soon as you are ready and we'll leave right away,” He instructed, grabbing a shirt and pair of pants - seemingly at random - from the pile.  Then he looked up sharply, as if just remembering something.  “Do
“I don't understand.  Humans who like to wake up early are considered better than those that don't?”
He looked at the label.  Some hipster craft beer with a crudely hand-drawn image for a label.  Not surprising.
“Don't...don't worry about that right now,” he tried to encouraged despite the heaving in his stomach. “Just focus on -”
A tiny shack with nothing but an opening in the side, not even a door, and no light coming from within.  Castiel stared at it from the road for a few long seconds before announcing there was nothing with a heartbeat inside.
“But you have expressed that you do not want me to die, therefore I gave you my blade.  There are other ways, of course, but –“
Netflix had helped with that, is what he was been trying to say.  But he'd said it twice already and Dean's eyes were still wide and worried.  Castiel looked down at the book.
The fact that the angel was also shaky after their short trip through space made Dean feel a little bit better about how slowly he was recovering.  Though he supposed Cas had been working much, much harder than either he or Sam.  Mostly, Dean had just been gripping on to the angel like a terrified baby gorilla to its mother.
.  Which he had expected and hoped would help numb his warm, glowy thoughts about Cas, because it was starting to get a little unbearable, holding them all in when he’d been trying so hard to do the opposite with all his other feelings.
Was his father even listening?  He couldn’t be sure, but he had to praise His mercy all the same.  What else could he do after this?
Although, if the way both brothers leaned back in their chairs with a cautious look, the words in his head might have found their way onto his face after all.  They shared a wide eyed look and then Sam cleared his throat.
Dean was talking to someone else, whoever he was with, but it hardly registered in Castiel’s sluggish brain.
“Uh,” he cleared his throat, glancing over his shoulder when he heard Sam stomping up behind him, “You guys hungry?” he called across the distance between him and the angels.
Leading the march up ahead, Cas' wings where blocking most of his body from view, not to mention the gentle pattern of whites and browns and greys were blending into the surrounding scenery incredibly well in the low light and Dean was sure that if Cas stopped moving, he'd be nearly impossible to spot.
Dean heaved a sigh.  But now it was that time of day again, when Sam came to check that he hadn’t tried to drink himself into a coma.  But Dean hadn’t touched a drop since they got back to the bunker, because he needed to be ready to drive the second Cas called him.
The angel had obviously just squashed a flare of rage and any hope that Dean might have had that Cas wouldn’t mind handing over a few feathers was also squashed.
"Because I always come when you call." Cas said, looking a little dazed as he stared at their clasped hands.
Sam and Dean shared a look.  “’Bout seven years ago,” Dean responded tightly, a headache building behind his eyes.  “Remember that whole purgatory thing I told you about?”
Castiel had been a heavenly soldier for almost the entire time they had known him.  And still was.  That was evident in the way he spoke, moved, thought…everything.  But even the most elite soldiers had down time where they ate and slept and took care of their basic needs.
“Jesus, I’m sorry, Cas.  I had a timer on my watch to make sure this wouldn’t happen, but I took it off yesterday to take a shower and then with everything that happened after Liam got here, I…” Dean stopped talking abruptly, as if someone had gripped his throat too tightly for him to speak.
But Liam cast a glance behind Dean, staring at Cas through his glasses for a moment.  “I think we’ll save that topic for another time.  It has been an emotionally trying day and we have all made good progress so far.  Let’s have some tea, end the day on that positive note, and then get some well-deserved rest.  I don’t know about you all, but I’m knackered.”
Dean licked his lips, struggled to find the right words to balance the situation.  He'd never been any good at that.
He sat, still and calm – on the outside at least, he wasn't a saint, after all – and let the brothers move gently and talk softly; let them keep their idea that he was this wounded creature that needed to be handled carefully.
His grace spun around him like a tornado, forming a shield of light that was scraping the paint from the walls. Through the ribbons of blue and white and searing heat enveloping him he could see two figures crouching not far away.  Arms flung up to shield their eyes.
“Jesus Christ, we went to the zoo to get elephant tranquilizers and could have been knocking him out with a cup of chai?!  Friggin’ angels…” Dean grumbled, mostly out of worry.  He readjusted his grip and tried not to notice how warm Cas’ skin was under his hands.  He always kinda thought angels would just be the temperature of whatever room they were in – not that he’d thought about it much.  Even his feathers were warm.
They hadn't been walking long when the sun crested the mountains to the North, quickly burning through the cloud cover that had settled overnight and casting soft, golden tones and long, reaching shadows over the landscape in front of them.
Cas turned, eyes downcast and lifeless, to follow them back to the door and hesitating before stepping over the threshold.
Now, with all the memories of being used and discarded by his only two friends still adrift somewhere, Castiel was finally asking for something he wanted. He looked heart-breakingly apprehensive about it, though, and seemed to already regret asking, but he'd said out loud that he wanted something and that was a good first step.
. He ploughed on, tripping over his words. "You said you always come when I call. Well I'm fucking calling you now, Castiel." he squeezed the angel's hand tighter. "Hear my prayer." he pleaded. "I can't do this without you." he stared down at the other man's serene face. "My angel."
He let the pieces of himself go once more, let them float away like deadwood in water, back to where they had a hope of surviving a little longer – if they had any hope of surviving at all.
“You guys are assholes,” Dean grumbled, blindly hefting the greatsword over his shoulder and back into the wide-mouthed sheath, relieved when he got it in on the first try.
It was several minutes later when Castiel’s stomach felt stable enough for him to move and he finally put his hands down, blinking around the room.  “Ok.”
a certain undeniable…likeness.  And if nests worked for birds then surely, they could work for other winged species.
“Jesus Christ!” Dean suddenly snapped, surging to his feet and crowding so close to Castiel so suddenly that Castiel reflexively took a step back, wings flaring again, stance widening.
“Hey, how you holding up?”  Sam asked, dragging the second chair around to Dean’s side of the table and sitting down, his brown eyes narrow and concerned and a little angry.
Angels didn't really get cold, but only because they didn't let it happen.  Something about feeding grace into their blood or something.  But another thing Dean had learned was that Angels were notorious heat lovers.
worried Dean might hurt him – his stomach heaved, sloshing the good-for-nothing tea around in his gut.
Cas didn’t have a bag with him.  He had nothing but the clothes on his back and whatever was in the many pockets of his military style jacket, which he still had done up like it was February.
Dean choked on the mouthful of beer he’d just taken at the same time Sam threw his head back and laughed.  Dean pounded a hand to his chest a few times and coughed before he too was laughing and Castiel was left to stare between them, wondering what the hell was so funny.
Sam and Dean quietly announced they were going to go fetch some brooms and sweep a path down the hallway.  They left hesitantly, eyes lingering on Castiel, who merely blinked placidly back at them.  Once they were gone, Liam asked if it was alright with Castiel if he moved closer.
Though he supposed he hadn't given Cas much occasion to put his trust in him.  Kicking him out when he turned human, nearly beating him to death in the very place he'd been trying to get the angel to call home…among other things.
The wings were huge, though it was hard to judge the true span of them, folded as they were.  The undersides were white, from what Dean could see when they flared each time the angel went digging for another bit of twig or grass.  But the backs were a tableau of rich color. The long flight feathers were light brown at the ends and grew lighter, fading to white towards the roots, and dotted with speckles of grey and black.  Halfway up and over the arches of the wings the browns were deeper, richer, like burnt gold and sienna, with patches of white in some places.  There were more bands of grey and black speckles all through these feathers as well and Dean desperately wanted to get a closer look, because it was hard to see all the details in the dark.
This wasn’t like when he was sleeping and his wings were fluffed up for warmth.  There was no softness now.  It was threatening, and his feathers looked stiff and lethal, like razor blades.
Cas held the arrow tip against Falion's skin for a moment longer before abruptly pulling away, but he left the bow still notched and ready at his side.
But they’d had a night to sleep on it and had seemed eager to accompany the brothers down to the waterfall.
A flush of heat punched into Dean's face and he gripped the steering wheel hard at the influx of sudden - and totally
He stared at the four walls that surrounded him like sentries, feeling a twinge of longing for the endless blue sky on the other side of them.
A long-suffering sigh whooshed out of Sam's broad chest and he held the book up so that Dean could read the title.
Thorygg grinned wide.  "Then you and I will be good friends!"  He stood and slapped Cas on the shoulder.  "What are your names, my friends?"
Looking like he’d just accidentally ran over Sam’s puppy, Cas gently placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder and squeezed.
When he finally managed to register what his eyes were seeing, it was Dean kneeling in front of him, looking pained and holding the angel blade in his hand.  He hadn’t even felt them pry it from his grasp.
The temperature of the floor was the least of his worries when he became aware of the throbbing pressure in his head.  It felt as if he’d been stabbed through the skull with an angel blade and somehow survived it.
Castiel wondered if, even at the very height of his blind faith and obedience, if he would have been able to make any sense of this.
Cas looked concerned and Dean quickly explained.  “We're ok for a bit, but how much farther do you think it is?”
they needed to know about these things or what it meant if he did and Castiel didn’t ask, feeling as if he’d been hollowed out by an ice cream scoop by the time Sam was done talking a long while later.
Dean rolled his lip between his teeth, staring at the notebook.  “And if he does agree to it, how do we know its not just because he’s not thinking straight?  Or just saying yes to make us happy?  Consent under duress isn’t consent.”
Dean might have stood a little straighter, held his head a little higher, after the realization.  It was hard to tell.
Finally, it seemed Castiel realized he’d crossed some invisible line.  It was a feeling the angel was pretty familiar with since he naively crossed lines on a daily basis.  The air shifted between them at once, the charge of Cas’ own annoyance vaporising instantly.  In it’s place was something uncertain and hesitant, a tell-tale sign that Cas realized he’d done something wrong but wasn’t sure what it was yet.
With a careful breath, Dean de-puffed his chest and loosened his grip on the pen.  For a moment, he’d thought Sam was implying something
"You lot look a little lost.  Where're you headed?"  the man asked.  "Might be able to point you in the right direction."  He had deeply tanned skin, the kind of tan an old farmer would have working every day in a field for years and years, and there were heavy lines around his eyes and mouth. But the gold and brown eyes that stared from under the rim of a floppy cloth hat were sharp and clever.
Clearing his throat to break the tense silence, Dean waited until they had both turned to stare at him before rubbing the palms of his sweaty hands on his jeans.  “The doctor guy is here.  Er, Liam, I mean.  His name’s Liam.”
know how to do that but I thought we might just use a flint instead.” He pulled what looked like two cylindrical black rocks from his bag and moved to crouch near where they’d decided the fire should go, which was about four feet away from where Cas was laying.
Sam and Dean shared a glance.  If Jenassa was a criminal then finding her had just gotten even more complicated.  It already seemed like the women was better than most at moving around unseen but if she had criminal contacts to boot...they might never find her.
.  It was the clashing of steel and the severing of limbs.  It was war and loss and countless casualties.  It was scars and hatred; division and doubt; destruction and blight -
Two spots of color spread over Castiel's cheeks and Dean was suddenly very aware that Cas was sitting right in his lap.
Dean’s throat suddenly seized.  He couldn’t actually say it out loud.  Luckily, Sam looked as if he physically swallowed whatever was blocking his throat and managed to answer.
It felt like an elephant had just headbutted him in the sternum.  He couldn’t breathe and stared up at the clouds in the sky without seeing them, trying and failing to haul air into his shuttering lungs.
Dean pressed his hand into the counter, feeling dizzy with relief and something else intangible that was hard to hold on to long enough to identify.  Eventually, he remembered why he’d turned to Cas in the first place, and he gestured to the tin in the angel’s hand.  “Can I make you some tea?”
“Ok, well,” Sam took a deep breath, both looking and sounding very tired, “You've been on the floor all day, Cas, you must be uncomfortable. Why don't you get back onto the bed?”
An hour after Sam had left to get their pizza, Dean’s phone rang shrilly and hummed against his thigh.
“Er, right, sorry,” Dean stumbled; even after all these years of doing it, he still felt awkward with a prayer in his mouth.  It was like making a phone call without a phone.
He reached up to brush a damp curl of hair off Cas’ forehead.  “I love you, Cas,” he repeated with certainty.  He wanted there to be no doubt in the angel’s mind.  Not about this.
Dean didn’t envy them; he’d take a wendigo any day of the week over something intangible in his head that he couldn’t ram a knife through.  Not that that wasn’t something all three of them hadn’t had to wrestle with at one time or another.  Castiel still was and, despite this place being made to help people struggling with the kind of mental demons Castiel had, Dean knew there was no shrink on earth that would listen to Cas talk and not try and throw him in a padded room.
"Ready to hit the road?"  Dean chuckled, partially to distract himself from the very intimate moment.  He felt like he’d open the door to Cas’ bedroom without knocking and found him naked.
Ah yes.  His hideous deformity.  Castiel had not considered, in his desperation to free his wings and relieve the pressure of his bonds, that Sam and Dean would
His task was made easier when, just a few moments after sitting down, Cas abandoned his chair and sat right on the ledge of the hearth, folding one leg under him so he could sit sideways and fold his wings behind him.
“I always thought angels had white wings but it just seems like one more thing humans got wrong,” Sam huffed a little laugh.  “I wonder if different angels have different colors.  Cas' kind of match his personality, though, don't you think?”
He wiggled his fingers and the only indication that he liked what he'd found was the arching of his eyebrow and the very slight puffing of his wings.
Cas drew the bow string back to his cheek, the reddish-brown feathers touching just under his eye, and then released it.  It whistled through the air and Dean heard the dull thud as it embedded itself in the troll.
There was smoke curling over the pot of tomato sauce and he could smell it properly now, the sweet scent of charred tomatoes; how had he ever thought it smelled even close to burning feathers?
This time of year – late in the spring and not quite close enough to summer for people to think about trips to the beach – the cabins were free to public use.  In a town this small, where everyone knew everyone, vandalism wasn't that big a concern and when they came up to the cabins they looked to be clean and in good shape.
Dean's head was spinning.  He pictured Cas and Hannah curled up in their giant nest of blankets in the sitting room; thought of how comfortable Cas always looked when they did that.  How he would sleepily snuggle closer to Hannah or how they would both try to cover the other with a wing.
It was far from the first time they’d had to share a bed, but it had been a while and Sam was quite a lot bigger now.
"You ok?"  he asked quietly, opening the menu between them.  Cas nodded but said nothing, his gaze falling to the list of choices in Dean's hand.  "What do you want?"
Castiel said nothing while Dean stitched his wounds closed.  Dean said nothing about his wings or the freshly carved sigil in his chest; nor did he ask what had led to him getting shot by his mother.  His green eyes swam with too many things for Castiel to name.  It felt as if there was so much both of them needed to say that the very thought of starting was too much at the moment.
“Out of one cage and into another,” Castiel observed with a dull sort of resignation, very clearly speaking to himself.
He knew Dean – knew him so well that it made something hot and fierce burn through him when he looked too deep into his green eyes. But he did not know
Dean's voice seemed very far away, even though he could see him crouching down beside the chair.  A little fuzzy around the edges but there all the same.
, he told himself.  He needed to stay calm for Cas because they only had one shot at this and if he fucked it up, they would never let him step foot through the front door a second time.
After that Dean had caught the angel sleeping exactly twelve times and every single time Dean lingered in the doorway because god dammit Cas was adorable when he slept. Sometimes Dean would find him tangled up in the blankets, cotton twisted like rope around long, lean, runners legs. Other times Cas would burry his head under the pillows, the blanket's all bunched in a pile on top of him with his bare feet poking out the bottom. Sometimes Dean would walk by the open door and all the blankets had been tossed to the floor and Cas was belly down on the bare mattress, one arm flung over the edge.
With the realization that Castiel needed a lot of help came the realization that Dean was woefully underequipped to help him through the mental and emotional trauma Cas had likely endured over the last month.
Castiel’s energy wasn’t the only thing that was renewed with a good night’s sleep.  He pushed himself to his feet and tried to smother a surge of anger and was only partially successful. Once again he cursed the barbaric humans that had created this spell and didn’t have the decency to still be alive so Castiel could burn the meat from their bones.
He stretched his left one out, looking closely at his feathers for the first time in a long time.  After all, not that long ago, his wings had been a ruined, skeletal mess.
But the eager squirrel got too excited, moved forward on the weak branch an inch too far, and was suddenly plummeting towards the water.
But then Hannah had startled out of her revere and quickly wiped at her cheek with the back of her hand and nodded with a watery smile, beyond words.  The two angels had turned to each other then, with smiles wider than Dean had seen on either of them, and had briefly leaned in to touch their foreheads.  It had been the closest thing to a hug he'd ever seen an angel do, but it had looked and felt more intimate than that.  Maybe it was an angel thing; something more than a hug and less than a kiss.
“Ok, pros of agreeing to Crowley’s deal, assuming everything goes well, are: we get that goddamn binding off Cas, we learn how to communicate with him better, learn more about his species, and get an angel therapist to help him deal with the horrific trauma that being our friend has caused him.”
He could feel both Sam and Hannah's gazes turn heavier somehow and he cleared his throat, trying to keep his muscles from becoming too tense and giving him away.
Castiel considered that, not sure why it was relevant.  “I hadn’t, before I met Sam and Dean.  But I’ve learned many new things from them. I know how to use a cellphone now and how to work Netflix.  And I’ve tried many human foods, though they all taste the same to me.  I can drive a car.  I can even almost pass for human, as long as I don’t talk too much.”
“Ok, but what’s the plan now?”  Sam asked impatiently, adjusting his armor with an unhappy look.  “We were supposed to be gathering information on where to look next.  We even had a promising lead but now-”
The brothers spent the next hour going back to the car to get the single, fold up shovel they had in there and emptying a small tool box to gather the clams in.  They brought the single pot and frying pan back to the huts and then retraced their faded footprints back down the beach to where they had been.  It took less than half an hour to fill the little toolbox, but there was barely enough there to feed two of them, much less two angels; bottomless pits that they were.  So they headed back to dump the clams so they could refill the box again.
Breathless and gasping against his feathers, Castiel could only wait while the serpent slowly released him.
This was fine.  He could handle this.  It wasn't anything but his libido appreciating a fine male form.  That's all.  Granted, it wasn't often that a guy caught Dean's eye, not as well as Cas did, but it certainly wasn't the first time he'd noticed another man.
Please let me know what you thought of this chapter!  Also, I am still looking for a better title for this.  if you have any suggestions, drop it in the comments below!
need to get over this not being able to talk thing because you need to talk to Cas about whatever happened between you two,” Sam explained.  “Don't let it go too long, Cas is probably already confused enough about it as it is.  What did you do after, by the way?”  There was a pre-emptive grimace on Sam's face already.
“You had to pry me away from the soul I'd torn apart on the rack,” Dean pushed, his voice shaking but his gaze steady and determined.
a weapon too.  He was slowly improving his gun work but so far hadn't seemed to need it; give him a blade and whatever was foolish enough to attack him ended up cut to ribbons or missing its head within just a few moments.  And, much to Dean’s chagrin after he’d naively suggested Cas let him teach him how to do hand-to-hand combat as a human, the angel appeared to have retained a fair bit of brute strength as well.
Cas was powerless and alone.  He’d just been conned into destroying his family and robbed of his grace.  He’d been tossed in the woods like a stray cat and left to fend for himself.
Castiel closed his eyes again and bowed his head.  He was alone with his pain for now then.  Fine, he’d simply re-carve the sigil and Mary could deal with witnessing it.
He sat down beside Cas' head, his legs numb and hands tingling.  They'd pushed hard and Dean was glad they stopped when they did, because he was pretty sure his body had been about to stop for them.
And though the unease and the doubt became more and more distant in Castiel's eyes with each passing day, Dean could wait for as long as Cas needed to feel completely at ease around them again.
He recognized one of the words, and it snagged in his brain. It was the one he was looking for and he quickly repeated it, trying to imitate the sound of it as best he could.
Quickly, he stumbled to his feet in front of Doctor Owen, rubbing at his eye with one hand while he tried to will his brain into booting up faster than he knew it could.
Castiel frowned, choosing his own words carefully.  “Why did you tell me to watch Netflix if you did not want me to watch Netflix?”
"We'd lay 'em out," Sam grinned.  "Come on, Dean, I'm starved and frozen.  Let’s go sit in front of that huge fireplace and get something to eat.  And drink."
Dean couldn’t help the smile spreading back over his own face when Cas’ tongue darted out to unconsciously wet his lips.
Behind her, Sam was walking over with a tray in his hands, but the second he saw the doctor he froze and then promptly veered off to the other side of the cafeteria where his suit wouldn’t tip off the doctor that he wasn’t here alone just to see his
But after a while, even Cas, oblivious to things as subtle as human social cues, noticed the attention he was getting, and had stiffened on his perch.
“Sam.  Partner.  Drove me.”  He wondered if banging his head against the wall might jumpstart his brain.
Dean didn’t like it.  But he always felt compelled.  It was the only way he knew how to communicate with these humans that could not read his wings or even see his halo, let alone hear it.  So much of what he relied on to communicate with his own kind was utterly useless to humans. “I’m sorry I’ve caused you so much trouble.”
