“I’m sure you did,” he soothed, winking at Sherlock’s sneer. “Go get dressed,” he added, bobbing his head at the door as he rolled back the glass shower pane, snatching his towel from the rung. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
Sherlock blinked at him, mouth caught open, and then simply closed his lips, shaking his head with a frustration that carried no real heat. “Next right,” he muttered, bobbing his head at the road, and John chuckled, glancing over just in time to see the man’s stubbornly set lips twitch in a smile.
anything. Still don’t have to, really.”
He started to sitting, spinning toward the sound as he scrabbled backward toward the armrest, and then his entire body went numb, eyes widening at the impossible sight. “John?” he breathed, gaping at the figure perched on the opposite armrest.
John was attempting to get his key into the lock, holding onto the metal handle for balance as he lunged, missing and clinking against the surface. He turned his palm up, staring down at the key as if it had personally offended him. “Sh’lock?” he slurred, and Sherlock blinked against the potent wave of liquor. John looked up at him dolefully, eyes heavy-lidded and blinking slowly. “The door’s broken,” he said piteously, lifting the key up toward Sherlock’s chest. “Make it not,” he added, swaying dangerously, and Sherlock caught him by the shoulder, pressing him back into the doorjamb with one hand while the other took the offered key.
Still. “I’m not sure-“
“But why!?” John demanded, stepping forward in a rush, startling Sherlock into staggering a step back. “You never told me! Not really.”
Everyone froze, gaping in wide-eyed shock into the silence before John’s resigned sigh ushered in the storm.
Even with the players cleaning up, they still arrived at Pizza Express in the dead zone between lunch and dinner, which was probably for the best, as the two teams and company combined took up the entire back half of the restaurant, scattered about between booths and shoved-together tables.
“It’s October.”
“Er, my-my dad taught me,” John murmured, turning back to the sergeant, but not before he noticed Sherlock freeze halfway out the door. “Put me through self-defense too. Wanted to make sure I could defend myself. He was in the military,” he added by way of explanation, shrugging and hoping Lestrade wouldn’t notice his discomfort.
“Okay,” John said slowly, scanning for a path into the room, but opting to just crouch where he was so as not to disturb anything. “But, if it’s a mugging, why all this?” He gestured vaguely to the pictures near him, which displayed the luxurious interior of what looked to be a home office.
“Shame. That was the only draw for me, to be honest,” Sherlock muttered, and John laughed, stifling it quickly so as not to alarm anyone sitting above them.
“So I tell me! You want me to bring the paperwork over here?”
His knees quaked, and John turned, leaning his back against the wall as he panted down at his feet.
No one was breathing anymore.
I have those right, so-”
“It was
Sherlock bit hard at the inside of his lip, trying to refocus the energy ricocheting around his body, but he couldn’t help the small shudder that slipped out, and John stopped halfway through the first revolution of the tape, looking up over his handiwork with wide earnest eyes.
“I think my life just flashed before my eyes,” John mused, but he was moving forward all the same as Sherlock laughed.
Sebastian Wilkes’ blood was on his knuckles. “Look, I don’t know-” he started, stepping forward, arms uncurling to point a hand out at the slimy-haired boy, but the laboratory door flinging open cut them off.
John took several large gulps, and then lowered the cup to his lap, swiping away the lingering water from his bottom lip. “I don’t feel good,” he murmured, wincing as he lifted his head, and Sherlock raised a brow, shifting farther away on the sofa cushions.
“Why not?” John asked, unable to hold Sherlock’s gaze for more than a second at a time, as if not quite certain he was allowed to address him directly. “Why would we have clean dishes sitting around?”
entertaining, mind you,” she added emphatically, gesturing between the closed curtain and John, a smile growing on her face.
People were milling around –mostly leaving, as classes started at 9—and John scanned through the crowd for a familiar face. Mike was nowhere to be seen, but a familiar head of dark curls stuck out at a table in the corner. His fingers tightened on the edges of his tray, his eyes narrowing as he stomped toward it.
“Tedious?” John parroted, quirking a brow. He then sighed, shaking his head out at the darkness as the car rolled underneath the now-green light. “You pick the strangest adjectives,” he mused, and Sherlock laughed, leaning forward to point a finger up ahead.
The venue for the committee meeting was back across town, toward the Parliament buildings, but they rolled right past them, continuing on to streets lined with trees rather than pavement. The car stopped in front of a large brick building, the red facade reaching up to a broad, arched roof of dark gray slats, like some historic hybrid of a schoolhouse and a theater.
“Isn’t there supposed to be some sort of…mourning period?” he spluttered, waving a hand in front of his chest, but John only smiled.
The brunette sighed, rolling his eyes in response to John’s narrowed ones as he sat cross-legged at the foot of John’s bed, the current two ensemble options spread out over the duvet in front of him.
Sherlock hesitated, suspicious of the pleasantry, but Irene only smiled at his narrowed eyes, disappearing around the brick, and, after a moment, Sherlock followed. “I can pay you for it,” he said, feeling around inside his jacket pocket for coins, but Irene only shrugged, looking over her shoulder as she neared the second corner, taking them past their usual spot and toward the very back of the building.
“I mean, unless you- If you don’t
He couldn’t move, however, hoping against hope that John couldn’t see his pulse heaving in his neck as he screamed at himself in ear-splitting decibels to absolutely not, under any circumstances, drop his gaze to John’s lips.
Sherlock turned to look at him, eyes sparking with anger as his arm collapsed to the bed with a muffled thump.
“Alright, open,” John beckoned, and Sherlock obeyed, his eyes blinking as they searched for a focal point.
“I play the violin,” he offered as they started bagging the new batch, smiling when John frowned up at him. “Have since I was a kid. I mean, I was never good enough for
Sherlock stared at the message, locked his phone screen and placed it beside him on the bed, and then picked it up again, swiping the words back into view.
“Thank you- Er…”
“Yeah, but-”
“Alright, alright,” she sighed, wiping tears from her eyes. “Just move on to John’s then.”
, only for her to not even
“It’s okay,” he assured, voice pitching higher as he waggled the snack, the dog eyeing him with wavering uncertainty. “It’s just a treat. I’m not luring you out or anything.” He didn’t know why it felt important to tell her that, but it seemed to work, Cinnamon—god that
Sherlock laughed, startling himself with the sudden burst, and John chuckled, the tension easing slightly between them. “Yeah,” Sherlock replied, nodding in the direction Irene had disappeared, “she’s…not one for nuance.”
“Pablo Neruda?”
“I don’t know,” John shrugged, rolling his eyes and trying to put as much exasperation as he could into a whisper. “Something we wouldn’t be likely to say in just normal conversation.”
It was like being doused in ice water, Sherlock imagined, as those eyes lifted up to fix on his. Cold crept down from his scalp, wiping the frantic thoughts from his brain, his insides hollowing out to match the empty planes of John’s eyes, and the wall was now the only thing holding him up for an entirely different reason than fear.
“Try this.” Sherlock lifted the uneaten half of the pastry near John’s mouth, the man recoiling in alarm.
“Is that Londoner for ‘dull’?” Greg teased, and Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head.
“I’m bisexual.”
“John, seriously, you need to lighten up,” Harry said, slinging an arm around Sherlock’s shoulder, and he started, twisting his neck to look at her, utterly perplexed by the familiarity. “No one’s questioning your masculinity or anything.”
“Someone tipped them off,” Sherlock finished, frowning down at the floor.
“No buts,” Sherlock interjected, turning the bat on the man once more, and John laughed behind him, the jovial sound overtaking the crinkling of cardboard and tissue paper.
“Yeah, but still, it must normally be-”
Sherlock exhaled pure disgust, and John ducked his head to hide his amusement at the dramatics.
John blinked at him, unable to believe he was just offered
! Right in the heart of the festival.” Her gaze grew distant and dreamy, a contented sigh humming through her pink lips. “But, what about you?” she muttered, rattling her head as she came out of the trance, and Sherlock shrugged, looking over his shoulder to keep one eye on the rotating luggage.
sweatshirt, and there was no more room to be afraid, every thought suddenly shifting to impatient need. He’d only ever admit it to himself, but he trembled when John reached the waistband of his trousers, hovering there a moment, as if uncertain, and then, painfully slowly, he turned his hand, sweeping a thumb down over the cotton-cloaked head of Sherlock’s cock.
“Better?” he asked, and John nodded.
A groan, a shift, a twisting of limbs, and then a tousled, half-wigged head—short blond and curled brown meeting in perfect halves—turned toward him, blue eyes wrinkled with a grimace. “Vatican cameos,” John muttered, nodding with a wince as he clutched at the shoulder that seemed to have taken the brunt of the fall. “Vatican cameos.”
“I could start,” he replied, his smirk transitioning to a laugh as he met Sherlock’s glare over his shoulder. “The clothes are on your chair,” he said, waving a hand toward the fireplace as he disappeared through the kitchen doors, and Sherlock frowned, leaving his soaked shoes and socks by the door before padding across the rug.
“Oh, for chrissake,” John murmured, fingers firm on the crook of Sherlock’s arm to stop him.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t really know,” he admitted, looking down at the violin as if it could remind him. “I was just sort of…playing.”
John lifted an eyebrow, chewing hastily. “Deleted it?” he asked after swallowing.
“Alright, alright,” Sherlock muttered, rising to his feet, John hesitating a moment before quickly following. “Don’t go getting all polite. I’ll need to have you evaluated for some late-onset mental condition.”
,” the blond snapped, and Sherlock ducked his smile to the snowy ground as they ambled their way back toward Kingsley House.
“And you think some of those secrets might involve Moriarty?” John surmised, and Sherlock nodded.
“Good,” Irene chirped, leading him out the double doors and down the corridor toward her next class—drama, naturally. “I wanted to run through my lines with you again. Brian’s useless, always looking down my shirt and getting distracted. I’m telling ya, one of these days, that prop dagger is going right into his neck.”
right now,” he urged, eyes earnest as they burned into him, “but-but I- Well, I
“Yes,” he growled, watching Molly’s face turn to him in his peripheral vision, her eyebrows climbing.
Mycroft opened the door, offering to help him out, but he shook his head, stumbling into the flat himself.
Breathe, dammit!
as one foot tapped an anxious meter into the carpet. “And she doesn’t…
“You’re awake,” he muttered, dropping his eyes to lower the two drinks to the table beside his chair. “I was just about to come in and poke you with a stick.”
“I know,” Sherlock interrupted, and John would probably be annoyed at that later, but, for the moment, he couldn’t possibly give less of a damn. “But they were all far away, and- Well, you didn’t want to go to any of them anyway, and now you’re thinking about the
“Tolerable indeed,” Mycroft murmured, and Sherlock’s fingers twitched with the urge to push him down the stairs.
“Has he eaten?”
“How could this possibly-”
“Why?” Sherlock barked, not breaking his rhythm.
Sherlock gave him a curious look, but did slow his gait to a more reasonable pace.
Their dormitory was open, and he walked inside, quickly snapping his laptop shut and sitting it on his bed. He sighed, gripping the bridge of his nose between his fingers as he breathed deeply. He liked Sherlock, he did, but there were times when he could understand why so many people had trouble with him. And it was only their third day as roommates!
John, on the other hand, thought they might need to plan a funeral for him after all, his heartbeat sending tremors through his ribs as his vision blurred. If his own nerves didn’t do him in, Sherlock certainly didn’t seem like he’d have any qualms about finishing the job, and John swallowed, trying to get ahold of himself even as his palms broke out in a cold sweat, Mycroft’s voice watery to his ears when the man continued.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, twitching at his wine glass, the base clinging to the sticky bar top as he shuffled it side to side. “I suppose I just…couldn’t imagine ever living anywhere but London.”
John was pulled into the world of the conscious by a strange humming. It wasn’t strange in and of itself—“Hark the Herald Angels Sing” was a reasonable choice for the 23
“It’s almost charming you still believe it will get that far.”
“You know, you’re eventually going to run out of adjectives,” Sherlock muttered, but the slight smirk curling his mouth as he looked up out of the tops of his eyes took the insult out of it. “People wouldn’t care, John. No one wants to hear about some genius sociopath who spends his free time chasing murderers; my entire life is testament to that.”
Seeking a distraction, he spun onto his stomach, snapping John’s laptop open in front of him as he curled his legs behind him, his crossed ankles bobbing in the air over his thighs.
“Strangers ‘lurking about’ would hardly be unusual in my line of work, Sergeant”—she leaned back in the chair, folding her hands in her lap—“but no, nothing that stood out. And I didn’t receive any threats other than the ones Moran delivered himself. Prior to his untimely demise, of course,” she added with a nod to John. “I simply assumed I was next on the list.”
“The chemistry lab?” Mary inquired, tilting her head.
All the horrible things he’d said, the things he’d done, the days and weeks and months of time they’d wasted, time he couldn’t get back, couldn’t make up for. The stories he’d never told, questions he’d never asked, the endless list of things left for a tomorrow they’d never had the chance to reach, and, unbidden but unstoppable, the image of John’s last text message imprinted itself on his eyelids, flashing up at him with a mocking that pulled forth a freshly kindled sob.
“It’s June,” Sherlock countered, but made no effort to pull his feet away as he picked at the crusts of John’s toast they both pretended were left there because John didn’t like them.
Sherlock sighed, but obliged, giving the closest bartender a nod when he happened to glance their way.
“Sherlock,” John cautioned firmly, but there was a hint of a smile tickling the corners of his lips.
“Because,” Sherlock hissed, pulling John back as the boy began to climb the steps, “they don’t know you. They don’t exactly open the doors for anyone.”
Sherlock tried to keep his own eyes from widening, angling his body and gaze away to give John a measure of seclusion for the remainder of the call.
“It really was. Aunt Emily
you want to do?”
“Er…yeah.” He took the folder, stuffing it back into his briefcase, tilting the opening away so as not to accidentally reveal any further contents. “It’s…where I work.”
John frowned, looking down at her actor-earnest eyes, and then his attention was drawn away by a snort, and he snapped a glare to Sherlock, grey eyes glittering overtop of pale fingers he was using to muffle his chuckling.
Within seconds, two voices could be heard drifting up to the living room, one of them familiar in its gruffness.
Would they go somewhere nice? It hardly seemed necessary, familiar as they were with one another and takeaway, but John would insist on some show of propriety, at least at first. Still, it would be somewhere quiet and casual, befitting their established status.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted again, laughing a little over it, and John was offended for a moment before he looked up, finding Sherlock looking down at him with a gaze so open, so fond, he wasn’t certain he would ever be able to be angry again. “Don’t worry about the money.”
“Woah! Too much information, mate!” Mike exclaimed, leaning back and lifting his hands in the air between them.
!?’ she’d accused moments later, swatting him across the arm.
John blinked, and then smiled, stepping cautiously closer. “No,” he said solemnly, and Sherlock smiled, a small, tentative thing. “Well, actually,” John said, lifting his hand to check his watch, “we’re both supposed to be leaving in about half an hour for that game you’re definitely still coming to.”
The man stared down at him, fury temporarily abating as his face stretched with shock, and Sherlock used the momentary reprieve to right himself, hand snapping to his back with a hiss of pain as he straightened his aching spine.
“Tomorrow’s Saturday,” Sherlock challenged, but John only shrugged.
“I s’pose it is easier to talk yourself out of things sometimes,” he agreed, and then frowned, watching as Irene started to get into Greg’s car as they approached. “Hey!” he called, beckoning at her with a wave of his hand as she straightened up. “Why don’t you ride with us?” he suggested, gesturing between him and Sherlock, who, if he had any objections to John automatically claiming him as a passenger, didn’t voice them. “There’ll be more room.”
,” he grimaced, not possibly able to inject more contempt into the name.
“There,” he sighed, more shoving than lowering the man onto the sofa, John hitting the leather with a soft “Oof!” “Stay,” he ordered, John having enough wherewithal to glare, but not enough to hold onto it, falling down into a lying position with a sigh, hand groping blindly for the throw pillow in the corner.
“No, you won’t,” she muttered, giving up on his hair and settling her hands on his shoulders. “You’ll remind John to do it.”
John glared at him, jaw grinding. “Alright, you know what,” he snipped, wrenching the scarf from Sherlock’s hands, “tonight
good at this. Knowing him, it was a fair assumption he’d done extensive research on the subject, which was simultaneously incredibly sweet and incredibly sexy, but the second option took over a bit as Sherlock once again slipped John’s cock into his mouth, lowering down until his lips met his hand closed around the base.
“Did a good job of it,” John muttered, impressed as he scanned the flawless, unbroken surface of paint around their room.
“Oh, really?” Sherlock interjected, spinning the computer screen around to face the ever-darkening boy. “When? Were you just going to slip in ‘Oh, by the way, I’m writing up a stalker blog on you’ over breakfast!?” Yes, fighting. He could do this. Anything to avoid talking about the fluttering that had reemerged in his stomach at John’s entrance.
“Yes you did!” she bellowed. “You called that-that
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted with a shrug. “He didn’t expound. He asked how long I’d known you, I told him, he made a ‘Hmm’ noise, and then said you seemed ‘reasonably competent’.”
“Seriously?” John hissed, but Sherlock only shrugged, turning back to Harry as the girl threw her head back with a laugh.
“Okay, I am
“I know,” Mike interrupted, smiling gently when John peeked back up at him, “but you didn’t have to. I- You’re my best friend, John.” He leaned a little closer, dropping his voice to a whisper between them. “I- There’s some things you can just…
John blinked up at him, mouth still agape, and then began tentatively approaching the glass case before something else caught his eye, and he froze, eyes springing wide. “Is that a Darth Vader!?” he blurted, looking over into the corner where a life-size sculpture of a black figure Sherlock didn’t recognize had been assembled.
“I’m sure you were,” Sherlock replied, slightly more genuine now, but it was followed by a worrisome smirk. “Did you have special uniforms?” he mocked, grinning as John rolled his eyes. “Special jazz band uniforms?”
“Sherlock?” Molly’s voice said, tinny in his spinning head as he lifted the note with trembling hands.
“Someone gave him this idea, told him how to commit this murder, but I suspect the execution was entirely Michael Parker’s. The other person would have been much too smart to leave a window open,” he muttered, scowling in disdain, as if the stupidity of London’s murderous masses personally offended him.
“Yes, but, first, I have a question,” he said, and John nodded in beckoning. “The raschera cheese that comes with the ravioli, where do you get it?”
John smiled with his usual fondness in the face of Sherlock’s oddities, but it caused an unprecedented twist in Sherlock’s stomach this time. “Yeah, I do,” John said, shuffling into his seat, and Sherlock flopped down next to him.
Sherlock blinked, words fleeing his brain at the sudden shift of John’s voice. It was quiet, yet bitingly cold, and blue eyes were looking down at him with a similar sharpness.
“Thanks, guys,” John murmured, nodding vaguely. “It’s- It’s a real honor.”
“Dammit!” he cried at himself, lifting his head only to pound it back into the table. He sighed wearily, lifting a hand over his eyes.
Sherlock bit his lip down at the steaming cup, controlling his blush as he took the handle. “It’s still steeping,” he warned, dropping the mug in front of her, and Irene smiled, framing the ceramic with her hands.
“No, no, it’ll be too late then,” the man irritably interjected. “Did he say when he’d be back?”
cases we have right over there.” He waved a hand to the piles arranged in front of the bookshelves—one for solved, one for to-be-solved, and one for solved-but-so-obvious-that-Sherlock-had-to-remember-to-point-out-the-imcompetence. It wouldn’t have taken Sherlock Holmes to figure out which pile was the largest.
John chuckled, twisting his mouth away from Sherlock’s. “We really need to work on you using your words,” he panted, smirking as Sherlock scoffed.
“Love?” John supplied, and Sherlock snorted, shaking his head as he returned to his box, shuffling at the odds and ends from his desk to give his hands something to do.
“I rarely do.”
The car bumped to a stop, and Sherlock had swept out the door and thrown money at the cabbie before John could so much as turn toward him.
as an explanation. “So you had to take the whole damn phalange!?”
” he amended. “I’m reading
Sherlock took it, cold fingers grazing against John’s at the handoff.
He groaned, leaning back on his elbows as he let his head loll behind him, eyes blinking up at the ceiling as those bitter thoughts were drowned in a fresh wave of shame.
“The rest?” Lestrade echoed in disbelief, and Sherlock nodded, the epitome of unconcerned other than a slight pinching around his eyes.
floor,” Sherlock answered, not slowing his stride as John stopped in front of the machines, but he hadn’t expected Sherlock to wait.
“I don’t-” John started, but Sherlock was already gone, ducking back into the kitchen with the last word. John huffed, and then closed the window, opening another rather than playing Russian roulette through the individual tabs.
He collected himself quickly, however, and closed his lips, but he still looked decidedly unsettled. “John?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m afraid so.” He chuckled again. “Nothing important, mind you. Just a small position.”
John hummed thoughtfully where he was rummaging through his drawers. “That would explain it. I thought Mr. Calvin was going to ask for a blood test or something.” He chuckled, and Sherlock smiled weakly up at him as he took another drink.
Sherlock nodded, fingers thunking against the plastic as he tapped at the handle. “Yes. Mycroft just called.”
“Don’t you say that!” his father snarled, finger shaking down at him, the man literally spitting with rage, and he was someone else now, someone Sherlock didn’t know, didn’t even recognize. “Don’t you
“She has a whip?” John joked, but Sherlock froze on the third step down, his face turning thoughtful as he stared at the concrete wall.
Contrary to what he’d learned in psychology, the return trip seemed to take longer than the first, Sherlock’s deep voice and shy smiles missed in the quiet darkness of the car, but at least he didn’t need to explain his absence to Mike, the man already asleep by the time he crept into the flat, toeing his shoes off at the door and heading to his room. He quickly prepared for bed, knackered after his early shift, but, just before burrowing his head into the pillow and closing his eyes, he sent a single text, the day not quite feeling finished without it.
For some reason he couldn’t even explain to himself, he did, sighing with building frustrating as he spun back to the blond.
“I doubt anyone would notice,” John muttered, and Sherlock cast him a sidelong smile. “I’ve seen so many barmy things around campus, I don’t think it’s even possible to surprise me anymore.”
“I must?” Sherlock muttered, and Mrs. Hudson huffed exasperatedly.
Sherlock’s desk was cleared, along with his wardrobe, and, as he was rifling through the sock index, skull watching him from the dresser with its unsettling voids of eyes, his fingers found something hard and cool, and he frowned, swiping across the surface once more before beginning to rip through the drawer.
“Then I guess that’d make us even!”
,” he insisted, the excuse doing nothing to bank John’s amusement, “I just...couldn’t pick one out of a lineup.”
“Kitchen,” Sherlock said redundantly, rolling one of his hands in a circle, “and down there’s one of the bedrooms and the bathroom,” he continued, pointing down a shadowed corridor. “The other bedroom’s upstairs.”
“Hey,” John grumbled, and before he even glanced at the boy, Sherlock knew he was furious. John had an incredibly expressive voice, and Sherlock would almost advise him to be more careful about it if it didn’t make things so much easier.
“Can I just-”
“I wouldn’t,” he mocked, and John anger faltered.
was angry.”
to do with…with you wearing an apron.” He smiled faintly, evidently aiming for that to be a joke, but it fell flat, John simply quirking a brow, and Sherlock hastily cleared his throat, rubbing up the back of his neck as he continued. “I, um- Well, it sounds rather silly now that I’m actually hearing it,” he muttered, whirling a finger beside his ear, “but I, er… You remember when we first met? Here, at the café?” he asked, waiting for John to nod before moving on. “Well, I’d just come from-from practice,” he said, pointing a thumb out the front window, and John’s jaw tightened, his own deception beginning to grow bitter on his tongue. “The studio’s right across the street, and Mrs. Hudson, she-she’s my ballet teacher,” he admitted, and John dropped his eyes, afraid to give his non-surprise away. “She’s also an old family friend,” the detective rushed to add, “but…but mostly because she was my ballet teacher.”
“Sherlock?” he beckoned, voice scarcely more than breath, and Sherlock closed his eyes, vainly trying to stave off the burning behind his eyelids. “What-What was that-”
The corridors were lined with portraits, Mrs. Hudson stopping here and there to recite a name and interesting anecdote, but Sherlock paid little attention, focused mostly on the posed suits of armor and tapestries, his educated guesses at their age and worth almost horrifying, and he hadn’t exactly
“Pity,” he said, and John grinned at his downcast face.
He narrowed his eyes up at the detective anyway, if only for his own satisfaction. “Right,” he groaned, pushing on the arms of Sherlock’s chair as he leveraged himself up. “I’m going to bed. What time ya wanna head back to Langley tomorrow?”
“How are these things so delicious?” John said, swiping garlic butter across the steaming center. “It’s butter and bread.”
John groaned, theatrically crumpling forward to bang his forehead on the table beside his coffee. “Why couldn’t you have been romantic
Coach Powles seemed satisfied, however, and nodded with a small smile. “Good. Win or lose, I want us to be the better team out there. And to help with that…” He hoisted a cardboard box up from the set of seats beside him and wrenched it open with a grating pop. “’Bout time you boys looked presentable,” he joked, lifting a bright blue and white ball of fabric from the container.
Irene lifted a brow. “Because he pretended to be dead,” she said, voice slowing as if he’d been hit on the head. “I had to do
He could text John, tell him about the case, that it had been urgent. Surely, John would understand. John
Sherlock smiled, shaking his head to dismiss the unnecessary propriety, but he did turn around, crossing to his side of the bed and perching on the edge to pull off his socks. He heard the rustle of fabric over his shoulder, and chanced a fleeting glance, ensuring John’s back was to him before looking fully.
Greg ran a hand through his hair with a sigh, shaking his head down at the front of Sherlock’s desk. “It’s- I’m not sure how to-” He paused, dropping his face to his knees and taking a long, slow breath before lifting his chin, sitting up straight and resolute. “I’m here on behalf of Her Majesty the Queen of Galerre.”
John smiled warmly, a response to his gruffness Sherlock still wasn’t used to. “You should try and get
“You didn’t,” John said softly, shaking his head as he tightened his hold on Sherlock’s hand. “I just- God, this is awkward! Okay.” He turned, angling his body as he pulled Sherlock’s hand atop his thigh, taking it in both of his. “I- There’s not a lot I have to tell you, Sherlock,” he said, tingling over Sherlock’s hand with a grazing touch. “You probably already know what my…
“Well, because my lab is right there,” Sherlock explained, though it ought to have been obvious, “and that room is rather isolated. Keeps me far,
It took him all of two seconds with everyone’s eyes on him to realize what he’d said.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head, taking another drink. “I’m just friends with Irene.”
“To a gay bar?” Irene clarified, mouth dropping as John nodded. “Are you- How have you not been to a gay bar!?”
“Don’t go wellin’ up on me, Holmes,” Irene teased, and Sherlock laughed, nudging lightly at her arm with an elbow. “Text me later, yeah?” she said as they passed through the door, turning to walk backwards down their opposite ways in the corridor. “I want an update!”
John rolled his eyes. “Yes, well, he’s the illegitimate son of…some duke or other, I don’t remember”—he rolled a lazy hand in the air—“but the only male heir, so they have to acknowledge him. He’s always trying to…move above his station, though. So to speak.”
“Good,” he said, and Seb closed his eyes a moment with relief. “We can’t afford a mistake, not at this stage of the game.” What little of his mouth Moran could see curled in private amusement, and Sebastian frowned, shuffling a little closer across the carpet.
Sitting on the edge of his bed, his eyes loosely focused on the tower of incomprehensible papers and books on Sherlock’s desk, he wondered at just how much he didn’t understand about his roommate. The way his moods could shift so drastically was alarming, an out of control rollercoaster, apparently entirely dependent on the progress of his latest case. He wondered if the disappearing was going to be a habit as well, in which case John would have to get a better handle on his natural propensity for worry.
For the past several weeks since their encounter with Moran, Sherlock had been grabbing every case he caught so much as a whiff of. Moriarty seemed to have disappeared off the face of the earth, if he’d ever existed on it in the first place, and there was nothing left for them to do but wait until he surfaced. Of course, Sherlock was horrible at waiting, and John suspected half of his clothing had ended up at Baker Street over the past two months, a side effect of the innumerable nights spent there when the chase went too late. It was all well and good for Sherlock, who seemed to have evolved past the need for sleep, but John was still only human, and he couldn’t remember a time his eyelids weren’t heavy. He yawned just thinking about it.
Lyle laughed, beginning to twist the handle before John called him back.
“Mary?” he echoed, shaking his head. “No. It was Irene wondering where we’d gone. Why would Mary be texting me?”
Woman, look bashful about anything, but the display instantly softened him. Maybe it was weak, maybe she was manipulating him, but he could not deny the truce in her eyes, and found his anger evaporating in spite of himself. It was then he noticed her left eye, notably swollen and bruised.
Sherlock’s mouth floundered in aborted words for a moment. “I told you, she couldn’t reach-”
Sherlock sighed, hanging his head. Why was John making this so difficult? Why wouldn’t he just let himself be pushed away like everyone else? “Yes, I
, John’s best friend?
They both nodded, but John stayed silent, apparently content to now let Sherlock take the lead. “Rob Morgan,” Sherlock said, and Lestrade nodded. This wasn’t entirely unexpected for either of them. “Although, I suspect his real name, or at least another alias, is Sebastian Moran.”
John leaned forward over his knees, intrigued, but it was impossible to glean Sherlock’s reaction when the man had his back to him.
,” John murmured, and Sherlock turned, running a hand through his hair as he panted at the ground. “I just- I had to explain why you’d be staying with us. She-She doesn’t-”
“What?” he muttered in a frustrated hiss. “Sherlock, I really don’t know what you want me to say here.”
Sherlock’s mouth was dry, a tingling anxiety starting in his fingertips and riding up the nerves to his heart, his breath shaking with the rattling of his ribs. It was a terror he had never known, a terror
“Oh,” John said, wondering and then immediately dismissing the possibility that he was being had on. Somehow, it was entirely believable coming from Sherlock. “So you’re kind of like a…private detective?”
!? … Some hotel somewhere. John?”
much wanted to see how far down that rabbit hole Anderson would go, it was Christmas Eve and there was a dead body in the room, so it didn’t seem quite the time.
“-and couldn’t shut up about how pretty Mr. Purvis was-”
“Yeah, it always
!? No, there must be a mistake, a miscalculation somewhere along the line, because all the data he had collected about John Watson did in no way suggest that Sherlock Holmes was the type of person he would count amongst his best. John was too good for that.
“I’ll tell him to
“Yes, well,” Sherlock continued, either not noticing or politely ignoring the flush on John’s face, “you have always been the exception.”
“Didn’t say,” Molly shrugged. “Just told me he needed The Chemist.” She giggled at his feigned wretch, and then shooed him into his office with a wave of her hands. “Go, I’ve already got Speedy’s bringing up your sandwich.”
“He might be looking for monumental cocks.”
“Why do you say that?”
“What do you mean, trouble?”
“By importing some…pseudoscience cupid?” Prince John scoffed, waving a hand across the table at him, Sherlock’s lips parting with affront, but the prince barreled on before he could reply. “He’s just throwing darts too! Only difference is, he’s charging through the nose for it.”
Sherlock shook his head, swallowing thickly as he closed his eyes briefly to the ceiling. “’M not- not sick.”
“Don’t you have protecting and serving to do?” Sherlock snapped, John listening intently as he stepped out into the brisk air, his breath smoking from his mouth as he lifted a hand at an approaching cab.
was going to go for a rather elaborate analogy of a spider at the center of a web—plucking at strings, making the players dance, etc.—but your event planner thing works too.”
“That song, “Total Eclipse of the Heart” played at the pub, and you got
“I hate you.”
“Well, I do hope I can live up to some of them, at least,” he replied. “And, please, call me Sherlock, miss.”
“Not too much,” John replied, and Mrs. Holmes chuckled, glancing between them.
“Nah, we’re already barely gonna make the last train.”
John opened his mouth, then closed it, hands toying with the slits of his pockets as he rocked back on his heels, watching the polished tips of his shoes. “I- I got your present,” he murmured, looking up through his lashes.
so we can tailor-make the experience as much as possible.
Sherlock only held out his wrist in response, and John grabbed it, twisting and moving it backward and forward until he could force his eyes to interpret the time.
Sherlock ducked into the aisle as the bundle bulleted toward them, and John stretched up an arm and deftly snatched it from the air.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he spat, popping a Malteser into his mouth. “We don’t have diamond chandeliers.”
“I have to call your brother,” he said, pulling a mobile from his pocket. “He’ll have seen there was a perimeter breach.”
John had to be there; Sherlock had just been talking to him. It was Thursday afternoon, and all of their classes were done for the day. He was there, he was right there, sitting on the edge of his bed and nodding in thoughtful agreement. Wasn’t he?
The streets were crowded, but nothing that would scare a Londoner, and Sherlock walked slow, his hands in his pockets as he listened to snippets of passing conversations—mostly English and French, but he caught the odd phrase in German too. Nobody gave him a second look, only a polite smile or nod as he passed, seeming accustomed to unfamiliar faces, or perhaps this was just the sort of place where no one was a stranger, a feeling Sherlock found he didn’t mind.
“Of course she is,” Sherlock muttered, but it came out fonder than intended, John rocking back on his heels with a smile.
“You wanna fingerprint him too, Inspector?” John mocked, but Greg only narrowed his eyes with a stern look. “I don’t have a boyfriend,” John sighed, rolling his eyes like a disgruntled teenager between his two overbearing parents. “He’s just some guy, a friend of one of Molly’s old schoolmates.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he whispered, tracing a thumb over the arch of a cheekbone, more prominent now than he remembered. “I am so, so-”
Sherlock blinked at him, dropping his eyes to the page still on the counter between them. “But-But you must have,” he pressed, but John only shook his head. “If you didn’t leave it, then who did?” he challenged, and, though John opened his mouth, someone else answered.
John briefly considered pushing for a better tour guide, but a sharp narrowing of emerald-edged silver stopped that jest in his throat. “Nice,” he murmured instead, nodding appreciatively as he looked away from the glare. “Is this where you’d stay then? On leave?”
John felt a flush creeping up his neck, and he tried to fuse his spine with the headboard as he pulled away. “What are you-” He trailed off as Sherlock pulled out his mobile, already dialing a number as he pulled back from John, and John was definitely,
A woman opened the door—attractive in an objective sort of way, he supposed—and looked over them with curious, black-rimmed eyes. “Yes?” she purred through pink lips, obnoxious compared to the demure appearance of her white blouse and black skirt. “Can I help you boys?”
“Grâce à Dieu,” Émile breathed, and then laughed. “You were certainly making us sweat!”
John plucked out a few pieces of popcorn with his fingertips, flicking them at the man’s face while Sherlock laughed, the bag rattling in his hand as his body shook with glee.
“THEY ARE MANUFACTURING THEIR PRODUCTS TO BREAK AND THEN CHARGING A PREMIUM FOR EXCLUSIVE, INACCESSIBLE SERVICES, but that’s...that’s not the point.” He cleared his throat, avoiding Sherlock’s smug gaze. “I’m just saying we should put a cap on it. A
“Er, so...how-how are you-”
Molly? No, she was incapable of subterfuge, and, besides, she hadn’t hinted at anything for months, not since the rugby game she’d dragged him to that he’d actually watched, a hint he hadn’t even intended to give.
Sherlock stayed where he was, leaning against the doorjamb with a fond smile as John burst into giggles.
Sherlock was standing now, his mouth opening and closing, and a lump moved down the front of his frail throat as he swallowed. “Do- Do you,” he stammered, pointing his thumb back toward his experiment. “Wanna see some more?” he asked, the words rushing out between his lips.
“So, you think their deaths are drug-related?” John asked, clearing his throat pointedly to diffuse the tension.
“But Harold’s a swan!” Sherlock had bleated, and his mother had laughed, bent double and laughed until tears glittered at the corners of her eyes, and then she’d pulled him into her arms, ruffling his curls with a pale hand.
a case, remember? They couldn’t ‘allocate the departmental resources’ to look into it,” he reminded, fingers hooking around the quote. “That’s why he sent Ms. Stoner to us in the first place, because he couldn’t do anything about it. He wouldn’t be able to comment.”
“The L-bo- Wait, we?” John questioned, but Molly just squealed, thrusting a hand into her pocket and ripping out her mobile.
,” Victor sighed, as if Sherlock were the tiresome one, a tactic he could now see had worked far too many times, “that I broke up with him
Sherlock closed his mouth, suddenly far too tired to even consider fighting the no-nonsense expression burning through John’s eyes. “Fine,” he grumbled, rising from the bench, but he must have stood up too quickly, his head spinning, and he staggered, John catching his arm.
She smiled back, a weak twitching of tightly-pulled lips, and then retreated back out into the corridor. “I’ll let you get settled in,” she muttered, and he nodded, closing the door as she left.
“So you thought you’d stab him?” Sean offered, Émile and Kavi laughing while John sneered.
“I- Nothing, I just-“ He paused, mouth closing into a gentle smile. “You’re gonna be great,” he said, and John blinked, stunned even himself by the wave of calm that rushed over him at the reassurance.
“Hey!” Molly answered, her voice a little higher than normal as she remained standing, looking over the wall.
like, however, much to even his surprise, was watching it with John. He liked sitting near him, liked the small incidental touches that happened at such close proximity, like reaching for the Haribo and brushing the back of his hand against John’s outer thigh. Okay, so maybe the touches were quite
“An airport Christmas card,” Sherlock muttered, Molly glaring at him over her shoulder while Greg only chuckled.
“My knickers are fine, thanks,” he snapped, and Mike laughed, Greg blinking down at him in curious surprise.
“Alright. I’ll see you both later then.” She gave them a final wave before heading down the stairs, Dimmock imitating the gesture and following shortly behind her.
! Not even Mrs. Hudson—because Mycroft was hardly the comparable choice—had seen him this…this…vulnerable, broken,
Sherlock blinked into John’s anxious eyes, lips adrift as his jaw slackened with shock.
“A hazard of the job and an oversight on my part,” John answered, lifting a hand to his chest in contrition.
lock you out,” he threatened, arm stretching toward the door handle.
about you.”
,” he urged, hands clenched at his sides. “I was just a kid, and he
“Am- Am I-”
Sebastian Moran. Here. Coming out of the locker room John was supposed to enter any minute, a reliable part of his routine.
Just then, Sherlock’s mobile chimed in his pocket, buzzing violently against his leg, and he wrestled it out of his pocket, glancing at the caller ID before answering with an apologetic glance between the duo.
“Naw, I won’t keep it on too long. Probably just till we get to Angelo’s,” he replied, and Mike nodded, walking beside him toward the exit.
“Good luck,” Sherlock breathed, and then returned his violin to its case, stowing it back in the dusty corner where it belonged.
John could feel the tremor building in his hand, an old anxiety response he thought had faded away with his father years ago, and, though Sherlock hadn’t looked him square in the eye since his reappearance yesterday, John couldn’t tear his eyes away, staring at the stone grey irises even as he could feel himself growing colder for it. John Watson didn’t scare easily—for heaven’s sake, he’d
! I just wanted to use the roof; the owner insisted on the rest of it.”
“Oh, for the love of-” Sherlock muttered, rolling his eyes as he dropped his own chopsticks, grabbing John’s hand and pulling it up from his food.
“Close?” Lestrade echoed, appearing next to John as the blond threw his head back and laughed. “That’s the same thing!”
“John,” Mycroft said, and that part of John that could not help but be polite forced him to look back at the man’s face. “If you reconsider, you have my number.” He smiled, bright and falsely charming. “Enjoy your Szechuan chicken.”
Absolute silence stretched out endlessly around them, so quiet, John could hear his pulse pounding in his ears. He realized his mouth was hanging open, but couldn’t seem to summon enough brain power to close it, too transfixed by the grey eyes that seared into his skull.
“I wouldn’t argue.”
“God!” John snarled, throwing the cab door shut before moving to meet Sherlock on the pavement. “I’ve never
“And I’m not in his way?” John said, skeptical. “I did turn down his offer to spy on you.”
At least until Sherlock sniffed, and John’s lips abruptly flatlined.
“Very good, John,” Sherlock said, and John had never heard a compliment sound so scathing. “I have a standing agreement with the owner of the company. I managed to get him out of a particularly nasty divorce settlement by proving his wife had been having an affair. As such, I merely send a text, and he sends the closest car. It usually takes 15 minutes or so, but sometimes I get lucky and there’s one passing through.” He said all of this as if it were the most normal thing in the world to prove adultery, and John merely blinked, not having any idea how to even begin to respond.
for me! I give you checks all the time!”
“What? Where?”
“Alright, alright,” Sherlock hissed, rattling his head as he headed toward the door.
“THEN WHY CAN’T YOU DO IT!?” his father bellowed, rounding on him, Sherlock stumbling over his own feet as he leapt back. “Why can’t you ever just do as I say!?”
,” he teased, smirk starting as John shook his head in disapproval, “but I’m sure, somewhere, someone has had a worse conversation starter than a chemistry test.”
“What
“Show him those and I’ll have you beheaded,” John snipped, but Émile was already diving in his pocket for his phone, holding up a finger to plead for patience as he scrolled. “Émile and I met in primary school,” John explained in the pause, turning to the rest of the group. “Sean lived in my flat building for a term at university, and Kavi was in my section in the army.”
For a moment, everyone froze, Victor and Dewey Decimal gaping at him while he couldn’t look away, and then they all moved at once, Sherlock backing out the door as the naked portion of the trio scrambled to cover up.
“Well,” the man muttered, rocking back on his heels as he slipped his hands into his pockets, “that could’ve gone better.”
“What flavor ya gonna try next?” John asked excitedly as he drew level with Sherlock, who bounced into his chair and spun back to the table.
? It’s not like you have any other friends! I don’t know what you’re gonna do next year after Seb and I’ve graduated.”
“Brilliant! Absolutely brilliant!” Sherlock was muttering to himself as he raced around their room, banging through his desk drawer and pulling out a mobile. He paused, his thumb tapping wildly across the touchscreen for a moment, before lowering the phone and leaping forward.
-in, not a hike-in.”
worried about you being mugged, but that’s not- That wasn’t- I just…like driving you,” he muttered, wincing with awkwardness as soon as the words passed his lips.
He’d known Sherlock would be mad, of course, might have even expected a blow or two, but a breakup? No, it couldn’t be, it just couldn’t. Sure, John had faked his death, but only for a few days, and Sherlock had lied to him for
Memories slowly dripped into place, swirling into their proper order. He remembered talking with Sherlock Friday night, Sherlock sleeping in his bed again. He remembered Sherlock being gone Saturday morning and all through the afternoon without any word. He remembered working himself up into a right state over whether Sherlock was gone for good, if John had scared him away being all sentimental—he knew Sherlock hated feelings, how could he have been so
John set his jaw against a smile, his eyebrows twitching indecisively as he tried to force a glare, but ultimately had to look away, shaking his head out at the window as Sherlock grinned triumphantly at his discomfort. “Git,” John muttered, swatting a hand out toward the detective’s side, but Sherlock was quicker, catching his hand in the air, and he turned, eyes lifting from the man’s grip to his face to find they’d drifted unexpectedly close together, barely a foot between their bodies in some places.
have done it. Even with his knowledge of London, Sherlock couldn’t make it to his office in the time between the reported gunshot and the meeting, so there was no way Michael Parker could do it.
On Monday, Sherlock was in early, his fears over his table being in jeopardy growing with every day that came closer to exams. He timed his arrival just so, appearing right in the middle of a class change—the people heading to one already gone, and the people just released not yet arrived—and, as such, snagged his table, depositing half of his backpack out over the surface so no one would be tempted to ask if they could use the other side.
closet.”
Sherlock smiled, sweeping an arm up the narrow walkway leading to the front steps. “After you,” he beckoned with a small bow, and John rolled his eyes, muttering under his breath as he stomped toward the door, unaware of Sherlock grinning at his back.
Sherlock blew out the breath held captive in his chest, sliding his cigarette between his lips as his eyes involuntarily flicked to Irene, who was already watching him, her expression sharp with disapproval or disappointment, Sherlock not quite sure which won out to claim her face.
“Neptune,” John interrupted, nodding down at the periodical, and Sherlock snapped his face up, looking thoroughly perplexed. “Neptune has the dark spot,” John explained, rinsing off the mugs and placing them on the drying rack. “Jupiter’s is red.”
shirt, so just take the damn jacket!” He rattled it in the air between them, holding Sherlock’s still-shocked gaze for a moment before huffing a sigh, dropping his eyes as his arm lowered slightly. “Please,” he added, perhaps a little more forceful than a polite request ought to be, but his eyes held at least a hint of contrition.
came from just around the corner, the lights over their heads blaring to life a moment later, and they turned to one another, a synchronized second of mutual panic before simultaneously diving under the desk of the closest cubicle, John biting his lip to keep from crying out as Sherlock’s jagged elbow caught him in the side. They settled into position just before the harried footsteps came close enough to be audible, their bodies pressed together from shoulder to ankle as they curled into the shadow of the desk, holding their breath while the strides passed behind them.
“You should be grateful for it, too. Sherlock would draw it out
“Oh, hush,” she interjected with a mock glare, taking the regulation, school sheets from him as he removed them from the top of his bureau. “I’ve lived with teenage boys long enough to know you’re hopeless at making your beds,” she added, flashing him a playful smile as she began tucking corners around the mattress.
“This is ridiculous!” he shouted from around the edge of his pillow, John’s barraging from all sides. “You are 18 years old!”
“Literally
“She didn’t know many other people there,” Kavi snipped, casting a glare over his shoulder.
“Fine,” Lestrade muttered with an irritated quiver of his head. “You know if he’s still in the building?”
“No,” Victor muttered, his voice shaking slightly, “no problem.” He backed away, twisting his head to keep his eyes on both John and Sherlock as he made his retreat. “I’ll be seeing you, Sherls,” he added, almost comical in his attempt to be threatening when his eyes were so wide with fear.
“He’s got a boyfriend. Sitting across from him,” he reminded, but Irene only scoffed.
Sherlock nodded, his voice still crisp and clear as they climbed passed the third floor. “On the stone directly above the Curtis’ bathroom window. It was clear something had rubbed against the rock, leaving a line where it had removed the top layer of dirt. There were no nylon fibers left though,” he added with a grumble, “so Lestrade wrote it off. Kids ‘mucking about’ on the roof.” He curled his fingers around the inspector’s words, garnishing the statement with a scoff. “It’s a highrise in
Sally and Anderson both snorted, but their smug chortles were cut off as Sherlock himself chuckled.
“Because he’s giving me points. Now, let’s wrap this up. Three out of five?” John swiped his foil through the air in an arrogant flourish, settling it aloft in front of him while Émile moved up to mirror his position.
“Immaterial,” Moriarty replied, uncrossing his legs, only a sliver of his face visible in the firelight as he stared down at the picture held aloft in his hand. “Do you have everything you need?” he asked suddenly, voice sharp, and Moran blinked, startling to attention.
“Ah.” She said nothing more on the topic, her eyes eventually returning to the television, but she seemed eager to talk about anything
“Yeah, I’ve heard of you,” Rob said as their hands disengaged. “You work with that Sherlock Holmes guy, right?”
“Sometimes I add in some chips,” Sherlock murmured, shrugging down at his sample.
Sherlock wandered around the party as long as he could bear it, attempting to make small talk without also making people cry. He managed, but only just, and, as the tedium of conversations reached dangerous levels, he removed himself from the intellect-sucking leeches with a muttered need to get more punch. Whether they noticed he hadn’t had any punch to start with, he didn’t really care, he only knew that, if he didn’t get out of this room in the next ten seconds, John would be glaring at him for the next week over the stuff that would come out of his mouth. Where
“Sherlock,” John answered in a rush of air. “I’m sorry, I-I know it’s late.” He paused, and then sighed heavily down the line, Sherlock remaining motionless as he listened, feeling Mycroft’s eyes burning into the side of his head. “Will left,” John continued coldly. “He’d been stealing from Mum. No idea how long, but I caught him taking money out of her purse, told him I’d tell the police if he didn’t stop. He ran off after that, threw some clothes in a bag and left. Took the money, of course.”
“He’s right there,” Sherlock sighed, jabbing his finger toward John, as if to say ‘Please bother him instead’, “and John can take of himself.”
“Are you talking about me?” she snapped, John laughing while Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I’m not in over my head,” he said through bared teeth, fingernails digging into his palms.
“Is-” he breathed, glancing back at John, “Is that my-”
Sherlock’s grin suggested he could have done just that, but, instead, he turned back to the festivities. “Anderson and his fiancé just bought a new flat. Somewhere in Dulwich, god help them. That
“Mrs. Hudson, you really don’t have to-”
He may have looked up the details.
Sherlock’s arms unfolded, Irene’s concern for his emotional wellbeing catching him by something more than surprise. “No,” he answered, shaking his head and pulling out the chair across from her. “I mean, not really. Not anymore.” He shrugged, watching his hands fold on the table between them, and Irene puffed a laugh, crossing her legs and shaking her head out over the kitchen.
“Sherlock?”
A soft chuckle hissed through her teeth. “You may yet reconsider that. My son can be…strong-willed.”
The man’s eyes narrowed, and then he quite calmly lifted his arms, planting his elbows on the table as he settled his chin on folded fingers, and John froze like circled prey. “Bart’s,” he started simply, and John’s eyes bulged. “Medicine program, currently in clinical placement. You live with…two or three other students, drive a manual, are left-handed, and are currently favoring your right leg due to a sport injury, even though you of all people know babying the muscle isn’t actually going to do any good.” He closed his mouth, John’s standing in the opposite condition, and then his lips twitched at the corner, almost smug.
“Er, no. No, can’t say I have,” he muttered as he read, frowning while typing out a reply.
Sherlock’s did as well, but there was an added jolt in his chest and a roaring in his ears as John followed up Taylor’s arm to meet his eyes.
“’X’?” Sherlock echoed, frowning between them. “What kind of name starts with ‘X’?”
“I-I can’t,” Sherlock sputtered, shaking his head, pure panic flooding his brain and wrapping around his throat. “John, I can’t.”
“Yes,” he answered the unasked, close enough to smell yesterday’s shampoo in Sherlock’s hair, to see the blood drumming within his neck, “it will.”
“Son of a bitch,” a woman snarled, confusing John a moment before he remembered their guest.
“THAT’S BECAUSE YOU STUCK- You are exorbitantly frustrating.”
“Where were you today at 3pm?” Lestrade pressed, leaning down across the steel table toward the woman.
“A woman?” he repeated, feeling his face frowning. “But you- You’re- Are you-”
John smiled, biting his lip to keep from laughing. “Okay,” he soothed, and Sherlock glared at him, a little uncertainly, as if not quite sure he should be offended. “I’m gonna get you something, alright? I’ll be right back.”
“Until you ran up here to save me, yes, that goes without saying,” Sherlock snipped, flicking a hand through the air as he turned to pace toward the door, leaving John to blink at his retreating back, surprised Sherlock was talking about this at all, let alone crediting him, “but did you leave before that?”
have to get a new roommate.”
“How did
“What do you want me to say!?” Sherlock exploded, garnering several alarmed looks from the classmates that had started filtering in, and he dropped his voice before continuing, bowing his head in closer to the woman’s. “You want the details? The whole riveting story of me tossing him off in diner car parks while his Sophie’s inside watching her milkshake melt?”
“Er…hello,” John said, lifting his hand in greeting, and then embarrassedly pressed it back to his side as he remembered the boy couldn’t see him. “I- I’m your new roommate, Jo-”
Sherlock sighed, glaring as he lifted his head, but John stared firmly back. “I don’t know, John. Perhaps they are embarrassed that a teenager can do their jobs better than they can.” He narrowed his eyes even further for a moment, and then went back to his work, a clear implication that he wanted the conversation to end there.
“Okay,” he said, clearly still unconvinced, but John just shook his head, dropping the matter as he further hurt his case by creeping his arm up to rest against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock ducked his face, shaking his head down at his lap as he grinned, and then lifted his chin, eyes fixed forward as he subtly leant into the touch, shuffling closer to John across the prickly fabric seats.
“And we’re about to…surprise him. At dinner. With the news that I’m going to be taking over the most important decision of his life?”
“Pity,” Sherlock murmured, sitting back and pulling his food into his lap. “We could have split the fee. Think it through next time,” he admonished.
Oh, fuck it, have another one because it's short and there are dirty chemistry words and you're all such beautiful people
Victor’s briefcase was gone.
“I have to go.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock replied, turning to him with a lopsided smirk, and John blinked at him a moment before starting to chuckle, the laughter building as Sherlock joined in.
“Mrs. Hudson’s coming up to check on you,” John said, a conduit for Sherlock’s own realization. “Probably heard you talking,” he added, glancing back at him briefly, and then began to blur, the darkness creeping in to muddy his edges.
“Another murder from the Sherlock Holmes scrapbook?” John quipped, and Sherlock laughed, shaking his head.
Sherlock laughed, clutching at his sides as he lowered the ball in his grip, carefully leaning to the side to drop it onto the bed.
He had been up early after a restless night, Sally just starting her preparations for breakfast in the kitchen when he’d wandered down for caffeine. She’d started to make it for him, but he insisted on completing it himself, and she warily returned to her chopping, new enough to the castle that she wasn’t yet accustomed to his impropriety. She had gone through the effort to send something up with Mike later though, and John sighed, taking up the fork again and stabbing up a mouthful of scrambled eggs.
Distracted as he was by the daunting prospect of explaining himself to his…whatever Sherlock wanted to be anymore, it was some time before he noticed the large suitcase just inside the door, the same one he’d brought with him when he’d first moved into Kingsley. It was stuffed full once again, and, as he pushed off the blankets, quietly crossing the room and unzipping the luggage, it proved to be filled with all the same things, the past eight months of his life packed in neat rows and lines before him. It was strange, seeing so much time folded up with his books and jumpers, and he wondered what the dorm must look like now, his side washed clean of his presence, as if he’d never been there at all. Which had, of course, been the idea, Mycroft having told him about Lestrade organizing a small group of people to remove all of John’s things that very first day, just in case Sherlock had to come back for any reason, and supposed that was thoughtful, in a way, but it was still an odd feeling, knowing he had been erased.
Sherlock huffed a disbelieving laugh, shaking his head at the man’s retreating back. A cold wet nose pressed into his palm, Bonny abandoning the stick in favor of attention, and Sherlock chuckled, pinning her head against his thigh as he massaged her ear.
“Practical?” John scoffed, rattling his head as he looked back from across the dim room. “You don’t just move in with someone you’re dating because it’s
,” he allowed, bobbing his head, “but it will be. You’ll just have to make it up to me.”
It's been a hell of a week folks, but I do hope this ~8k first date lifts your spirits! AND, with this chapter, I officially pass ONE MILLION WORDS posted here on ao3!!!! It may be silly, but I'm very proud, and thanks to all of you who have been along for the ride, in however big or small a way.
“It would if we wanted to fool them,” Mycroft replied, almost throwing the dirty dishes into the oven, “but, as it is, we need them to be suspicious. They have to appear concerned.”
“Sorry?” he asked, meeting the grey eyes that had already been looking at him.
“That’s more than enough,” he replied, brain already spiraling through the five possibilities left to eliminate who he could. “Thank you,” he said, mechanically, turning to the door. He paused, however, hand outstretched to the handle. “Why are you telling me all this?” he asked, because he had the information now, he might as well satisfy his curiosity.
Lestrade blinked, surprised a moment before his mouth opened, forehead wrinkling with offense, but Mycroft interrupted, sparing Greg the evisceration his reply likely would have induced.
Sherlock tilted his head, quirking an eyebrow as he pushed the door closed behind him. “Did you lock the door just so you’d know when to get in the chair?”
“Couldn’t agree more, Inspector,” Sherlock chirped, lifting his hands beneath his chin as he jangled the silver bracelets, and Lestrade shook his head, motioning to Sally to remove them.
Gently, he shook his head at the blond, John’s eyes widening with horror as a resigned peace settled over his own heart, and, as he turned his face to meet the shadowed barrel of a gun, there was nothing left to do but close his eyes and hope he’d been wrong about heaven.
Eventually, he simply laughed, shaking his head at the carpet between them. “You’re an idiot,” he muttered fondly, and John’s eyes lit up like the Christmas tree they’d put too many lights on and set on fire last year.
“I don’t- I mean, just to be perfectly clear,” the blond quavered on, body twisting on the sofa to face Sherlock more directly as his hands shifted in the air over his knees, “I don’t
“We can’t find anything on her. No priors, not even a parking ticket,” he muttered, frustrated. “Middle class upbringing, did well at uni, worked as a bank teller. By all accounts, she was-”
series they were on from his bag, along with a fair amount of blushing from him and teasing laughter from John, and they hooked John’s laptop up to the television and settled in. While they had initially both been leaning against the pillows, Sherlock had shifted down during “Silence in the Library” when John had laughed at him for jumping, and the blond was still giggling about it now that that lay head-to-foot, his socked toes batting against Sherlock’s shoulder until Sherlock lifted his own black-cloaked feet to swat him in the head.
Shrugging that off for now, he pulled his phone out of his pocket, resting an arm behind his head as he lay down on the bed.
Sherlock choked, sputtering down into his coffee as he lowered the cup to the table, lifting the back of his hand to his lips as he coughed.
“Right.”
“Was it?” she quipped, and Sherlock, after a moment’s hesitation, let his mask fall.
“Pad thai? Yes. Chicken. You heard me,” Sherlock’s irritated mutter cut in.
“Oh,” he murmured, looking sidelong at his still fingers in perplexed betrayal. “Sorry, Professor, I-I must have lost my place,” he added, and- Wait.
John shrugged. “It’s hard to pay attention when there’s no sound.”
“It’s not,” Sherlock assured, but John was unmoved.
Sherlock nudged him gently on the arm, nodding up the stairs, and John mutely followed, a 3-dimension shadow in his wake. When he pushed open the door of the room down the hall from his—the one he had already christened John’s in his head, but which the interior decorator had referred to as ‘The Blue Room’—the boy merely walked in after him, depositing his bag gently to the floor before wilting to the edge of the mattress, staring vaguely into space.
“John said I’d like you,” she remarked, bobbing a nod at him.
Sherlock glared at him, while Dimmock pretended not to have noticed anything at all, clearing his throat down at his pad.
“When did you even see her bust?”
Even those of you who were too excited to read this opening author note and just went for it. Or maybe especially you.
Irene rolled her eyes. “Not entirely,” she snipped. “You were already suspicious of ‘Rob Morgan’ before I told you anything about Moran. I doubt I helped much at all.”
He didn’t know. All his life, he’d had the answers, held logic and reason in front of him like a shield against the questions that drove ordinary people to madness, but that logic had abandoned him now, leaving him to puzzle out for himself how it was possible to hate someone with everything in you, and yet still love them more. Because he did love John—truly, he did—but he couldn’t sit in the same room, use the same sink, eat the same waffles, even just breathe the same air, and, suddenly, there wasn’t
“Sherlock!”
“So, you won again?” he said, beaming with pride, and John ducked his face to the table, smiling shyly at the praise. “Are you going to lose at all this season?”
John bristled a little at the tone, but the smile held. He nodded. “Yeah, in the lab.”
The class broke into obligatory applause, Molly blushing furiously as she beckoned Sherlock with a flustered wave, and then finally lunged out at him, ripping him away from the wall to stand beside her.
“No, look, see?” he said, gesturing down to a small clear window at the base of the ball, a triangular die slowly rising up through the blue liquid to reveal white letters proclaiming, ‘Don’t count on it’. “You hold it facedown, ask it a question, and then turn it over to get your answer.”
John stared at him a moment, entirely motionless, and then broke into
not drunk enough for
John turned around, giving Sherlock a pointed look as he bobbed his head after the woman’s voice. “Chinese it is,” he murmured, and Sherlock lifted a hand to his mouth, muffling his chuckle as John rounded the newel, leading him back up the stairs. “Well, whaddya fancy?” he asked as they reached the kitchen, wrenching open a drawer beside the dishwasher with a pitiful squeak of wood-on-wood. “We’ve got Red Sun, Oriental Dragon,” he listed, dropping each takeaway menu on the counter in turn, “Royal China—though that one’s a bit pricey—, Feng Shang Princess-”
John frowned down at the screen, opening up Sherlock’s thread.
“Not that I remember,” Sherlock muttered, rattling a shrug that indicated he couldn’t be less interested in the proceedings. “We may have been introduced at some obligatory point or other, but I never had any sort of meaningful interaction with him.”
So, he would distance himself. He would be ugly and unfair and cruel, and John would hate him and be safe.  It was the quickest solution, the plan with the highest rate of success, and Sherlock’s stomach rolled every time he thought of it, but it threatened to rush up his throat when he considered the alternative. He pictured white sheets and fluorescent lights, a strained Lestrade avoiding eye contact as he nodded to the coroner to peel down the covering for Sherlock to identify the body, and, with all his experience at crime scenes, Sherlock could imagine the injuries marring John’s tan skin all too easily. He could not allow that to happen, no matter how many wounds
Sherlock sighed, leaving her on read as he took a languorous sip of his coffee.
“Yes, you did.”
Avoiding John’s eyes, he quickly gathered his bag from the floor, pushing open the door and stepping out onto the gravel. “Thanks for-“
“Oh, in here, dear,” she said from somewhere behind him, and he poked his head back out the door to find her sitting on a sofa in the living room.
“Why do we always have to do this?” Sherlock grumbled as they pushed out into the cold, beginning the trek down to the pitch. “Surely there’s a groundskeeper or someone who could find ten seconds to turn on the heat in the locker room.”
“Sure it is,” Sherlock argued, voice lifting along with his shrugging shoulder. “Now I’m a superhero too.”
“Chemistry, biology, physics,
For a moment, it was touch and go, Sherlock’s brow folding and unfolding in intervals with his twitching mouth, but, finally, he looked simply puzzled. “Why would I need a mask?”
“What does she eat?” he blurted, flushing as John laughed.
“Well alright,” Daniel shrugged, turning right and leading them down a path between the tables. “Here ya go. I’ll be back in a bit to get your order,” he said as he sat their menus down, leaving them with a final, friendly wink.
“No!” John persisted, eyes blazing, and Sherlock had never wanted to want to hit someone so badly in his entire life. “For chrissake, Sherlock, can you stop being so bloody stubborn for five seconds and
“Enough for what?”
“Good!”
“I told you Sherlock Holmes was not to be harmed!” the man standing in front of him shouted, and a kick came from his right, hitting him between the ribs.
“Not to be weird,” John murmured as they approached the dining room doors, his mother temporarily decapitated as she peered inside, “but you are
John watched the side of Sherlock’s face, the man’s grey eyes fixed on the door they should be walking through soon if they knew what was good for them, but Sherlock made no move to leave, so John made no move at all.
“I wasn’t attempting one,” Sherlock replied. “I was simply saying that it’s only a fifteen minute trip.”
John’s face slackened slightly, the searching tension around his eyes fading away, and the fingers on Sherlock’s chin faded from commanding to suggesting, leaving Sherlock free to pull away.
“Or John,” Mike added, stepping forward, and Sherlock didn’t even have to put on the wince, but he did add in a clench of his hand. “I got a text saying he’d be staying here, but then nothing.”
“Because you said the M-word.”
“That’s not a good reason to-”
“Something else?” John repeated.
John smiled, his eyes blinking slowly as he typed out his final reply, turning the phone over on his nightstand and rolling over to sleep the moment it had sent.
“I know,” Sherlock said, his voice quaking more than expected, and Mr. Hooper sighed yet again.
Fuck if I know if Barts and QMUL actually do have a friendly match, but I do know they have two separate teams in BUCS, so, if they don't, they should.
say that! That-That
“I thought you said he went to public school?” he remarked to John, who darkened further, a stiff swallow rolling down his throat. “Not to worry, friend.” He pushed up to standing. “I will teach you. If there are no other volunteers...” He trailed off as all eyes shifted to John.
“And you’ve been in at 2 every single one of them,” he replied with a mocking flick of his brows, chuckling as Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Only need the one, thanks.”
“That boy,” Mrs. Hudson sighed with a roll of her eyes, but there was something fond about the gesture as she shook her head.
!” Irene railed, scraping a chair into the space beside Sherlock before crashing down onto the seat. “The least it could do is snow!”
Mary chuckled. “I didn’t take you for the murder mystery type.”
“You’re being childish!” Sherlock spouted, tugging and twisting at John’s arm as he tried to pull himself loose.
John wouldn’t have thought it was possible to look so disapproving from half a rugby pitch away, but something told him he’d better get used to Sherlock Holmes defying expectation. Somehow, the dancer must have noticed his injury, and was now shaking his head exasperatedly from where he stood beside Irene, as if John had somehow deeply disappointed him.
be that simple,” he muttered, rattling his head, as if arguing more with himself on the validity of John’s assertion. “People don’t just
It was a long while until anyone answered her, the four of them gathered around the large corner table devouring sandwiches and tossing stray bits of lettuce at one another before Irene finally kicked John hard enough under the table that he relented, and then Molly simply gaped at him, Irene and Sherlock watching the scene with thinly veiled amusement.
“I didn’t do it on purpose,” Sherlock retorted, glaring as John scoffed. “What, you think I woke up this morning with the burning desire to bleed in a school corridor?”
He didn’t have anything to be sorry about; John deserved everything he got and then some. Still, shame prickled over Sherlock’s skin, plucking at him until he threw his blankets off with a burst of nervous energy and a huff, bending one arm behind his head as he blinked up at the ceiling.
“Good,” John said, smiling quickly, anxious to follow after Sherlock before he disappeared. Again. “A few people already commenting, asking for Sherlock’s help.”
Sherlock’s fingertips went numb against the coffee cup, a high-pitched buzzing humming in his ears. He couldn’t make his body do anything, couldn’t even summon a blink as his eyes started to prickle from drought.
John looked oddly startled a moment, expression stuttering, and then the most brilliant grin Sherlock had ever seen outside of staged reality television spread across his face, made all the brighter by the bright rose patches framing it at the corners. He then turned away, mouth moving as he responded to something the blond girl in front of him must have been saying, but Sherlock let his gaze linger a few extra seconds before moving back to the card in his hand.
“John Watson?”
should be working,” she snipped, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“He’s finishing his training to be a detective constable,” Molly elaborated, lifting her chin in pride as Greg’s dropped with a bashful blush.
John chatted with Mike during the classes they had together, permanently relocating to the opposite side from Sherlock. He sat in the cafeteria or wandered the lawns with some of the rugby guys during break and lunch, and made sure to always be on a different bench from Sherlock during practice. He talked with Mary through English.
Sherlock watched him, shaking his head as a smirk grew on his face, and then he startled as John took a sudden suck of air in through his nose.
“Um, yeah, sure,” Sherlock murmured, moving back a little further, and then stepping forward again, a thought occurring to him. “But you don’t have-”
“Depends,” he replied, and Sherlock’s face snapped up, a brief betrayal of panic before he caught sight of the smirk on John’s face, his own then creasing in a puzzled frown, “are you planning to keep talking too much?”
He lifted a finger, simultaneously scolding and signaling to wait, and then made a deliberate turn to the door, tugging it open in a grand swoop before looking back to Sherlock. He popped his eyebrows, driving home the point, and Sherlock performed a gold-medal-worthy eye-roll before gesturing for John to go ahead. John grinned, stepping down to the path, Sherlock closing the door behind them. “Did you-”
“It’s only 4,” she remarked, chuckling as Sherlock grunted, passing across a handful of coins as she rang in the order. “Extra
hadn’t slept at all through the night, whereas John had gotten in a solid two-hour nap, which was more than adequate. Nevertheless, he hadn’t protested when John had insisted on getting a bit more sleep before the Christmas festivities properly commenced, and had retreated to the library while the blond had teetered to his bedroom.
Sherlock laughed again at that, and John smiled, still watching when the man’s grey eyes lifted back to his in the dimly lit car. They lingered there a moment, eyes locked together across the center console, and then simultaneously tore away, Sherlock coughing this time around. “Er, you have to…turn around,” he muttered, his finger whirling a gesture in the air. “To-To get to Baker Street.”
Sherlock shook his head, clearing his throat. “It’s fine,” he assured, and John’s chagrin slowly shifted to a hesitant smile.
“I’ve been on holiday,” Kavi answered with a shrug, then jerked a thumb at Sherlock. “Why don’t you ask Cupid to go a few rounds?”
Mike huffed a laugh, shaking his head as he let John’s sleeve fall back into place, and then picked up the ice from the bench, passing it up to him. “Come on,” he said, dropping the tape back into John’s bag, “Greg and the others are waiting outside.”
“No, can we be done now?” Sherlock snapped, but John shook his head.
?” he tried again, and John bent over, Molly leaning across to swat him in the shoulder.
“Wait!,” John beckoned, and Sherlock turned, curious at the urgency of it. John’s earnest expression eased somewhat, but he still looked nervous, his fingers twisting unnecessarily at the strap of his bag. “I-I think we got off on the wrong foot,” he said hesitantly, face pinching in a self-conscious grimace. “I didn’t mean to- Before, I- I shouldn’t’ve said what I did.”
possibilities. Must be a coworker. Had to be. Because imagining Mycroft holding hands with some faceless, black-heeled woman across a candlelit table for two was just more than John could bear. He had been shot at, after all; he didn’t need any more traumatic experiences this weekend.
Sherlock stared, lips dropping apart as he caught sight of John’s cock, thick and flushed at the tip as it bobbed with his movements. He swallowed, whole body catching fire as John reached down to grab one of the packets from the duvet, tearing it open with his teeth, and Sherlock let out an involuntary squeak at the sight, like the bitten-off beginning of a whine.
“Well, I brought him back waffles,” John amended with a shrug.
“But, sir!”
Sherlock grunted in acknowledgement from where he lay on the floor, staring at the photographs he held over his head, his feet crossed and elevated on a chair.
would go up in flames if he didn’t get back in time.
John?
“Are you planning on making a habit of that?” he asked, gesturing over his mouth, a much more difficult question in his tone, a doubt that John intended to put to rest right then and there.
“Can’t have you falling asleep on the job,” Mike teased, standing to drop Sherlock a wink before starting for the door, escaping with practiced silence.
“For love of Queen and country? New Zealand. To not be disappointed? Japan.” He placed his cup on the table, the sofa shifting under him. “They’re the better team overall, and playing at home, which is always an advantage. I’m gonna make some popcorn,” he said, standing up with a stretch, “and change into more comfortable trousers. You want anything?”
“If you insist,” he murmured, smiling smugly out at the street as John glared.
5:19. Plenty of time.
“I’m fairly sure Mike is the entire list,” Sherlock countered, and John smiled, looking almost a little relieved at Sherlock’s belligerence. “I’m fine,” he assured, moving out from John’s arm. “I can make it up a
Eye contact remained out of his reach, however, so he dropped his gaze to his lap, noticing as he did that he was still supporting Sherlock’s hand on his palm, the backs of his fingers draped like a bridge between their knees. He stared at the point of contact, expecting it to prove to be a mirage with every blink, and then tentatively twitched his thumb up to reach Sherlock’s palm, his touch feather light as he brushed against the outer curve of the man’s hand.
“John-” he started, but John shook his head, his muscles tensing.
“What, he doesn’t have a surname?” his mother teased, Sherlock saved the trouble as John stepped forward, extending a hand.
221B stared back at him, the autumn sun glinting off the gold letters, and he thought he had never seen anything so loathsome in his life.
John shrugged, blushing faintly as he tugged at the sleeves of his rugby jacket. “I never had any,” he mumbled, eyes darting evasively. “I mean, I-I don’t wanna
Sherlock sputtered, the height difference of him sitting causing his face to be burrowed in Molly’s mottled, green scarf. “Molly!” he snapped, arms stretched out to the side to avoid any semblance of a hug. “No one was
Suddenly, he sighed, head falling forward as he caught it in his hands. There was a long stretch of time he just breathed noisily into the navy and oak surroundings, and then he shook his head, whispering down at the grey rug, the first words he had spoken to Sherlock since their phone call. “What am I gonna do?”
“No,” John said with a small motion of his head, and, as Mike smiled down at his knees and nodded, John considered how odd it was that he had grown accustomed to this, that they all had, to some degree.
“I prefer to text,” he muttered, and she took her leave with a roll of her eyes.
“Windproof?” John echoed, face wrinkled in curiousity, and Sherlock nodded. John’s eyebrows lifted as he looked back down to the blanket, clearly impressed. “Yep, that’s it,” he muttered, tugging the blanket tight to his arms, “this is coming home with us.”
A rising shout, a bitter snarl, and then the rustling was back, John’s cold voice breaking through. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock always was about as subtle as a brick.
“Not a very subtle code word, is it?”
“I’ll recover,” John sighed as Sherlock chuckled.
‘So?’ Sherlock had dismissed, and John had rolled his eyes, shaking his head out toward the window.
He was dead.
“And Greg?”
Molly’s mouth moved soundlessly a moment, glancing between John and the duo in the window. “I- Well, she’s got her back turned, I can’t really-”
“No, no, it’s just- It was…unexpected.”
“I’ll tell her you said so,” Sherlock teased, stomach fluttering when John kicked him lightly on the knee.
I keep adding to this gotdamn thing, so it's safe to say you'll have updates to keep you company through the end of Series 4.
There was nothing wrong with him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Leave it to Mycroft to find any occasion to show off.
Mycroft opened his mouth, defiant, and then closed it just as quickly as Sherlock quirked a brow, silently begging him to try it. “I thought,” he began instead, turning his eyes to Lestrade, and John focused on the sergeant as well, his fingers clenching to a fist as he fought not to turn to where Sherlock was hovering in the blurry corner of his right eye, “all things considered, that you deserved an explanation beyond a mere text message.”
“Oh, you-you’re coming in tomorrow?” John asked, Sherlock nodding in reply, but it was Molly who answered.
“Are we seriously having our first fight over tile?”
“If you must,” he allowed, as if resigning himself to a torture session, and John rolled his eyes, refusing to pander to the theatrics.
His eyes shot wide, an instinctive act of alarm he immediately regretted as the sunlight rushed at his pupils, and his head spun dizzily as he jerked up, trying to blink the bed beneath him into focus. With focused effort, he lifted his neck, orienting himself in the room, and realized with a gut-churning flare of humiliation and terror that he was, in fact, in Sherlock’s bed. In Sherlock’s bed with absolutely no memory of getting there. And he was missing his shoes.
They both pointedly ignored the mess of Sherlock’s drawers, stepping mutely over the socks strewn across the space between their beds.
John frowned down at the ground, trying to force the pieces together, but it all still felt like square pegs and round holes. “So…you knew they would catch you?” he questioned, and Sherlock snorted, yanking the pin from the lock as he stood up, swinging the door open in front of him.
“No, I- It-” Sherlock stammered, and then paused, dropping his head to swallow down at their combined hands. “It’s fine,” he said, nodding jerkily as he lifted his head, but there was a small smile. “It’s- Well-“ He shrugged, turning his hands within John’s slightly with the gesture. “I actually… It’s fine,” he finished in a sharp mutter, nodding again, but John raised an eyebrow.
! That one’s a good one, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
?” Sherlock blurted, hardly able to imagine Molly and Mike storming anything grander than a pet shop, but with Mary leading the charge…
Harry jumped slightly, trying to look around his shoulder. “Oh, I-I’m sorry, I didn’t realize- Do you have”—she leaned in, lowering her voice to mostly mouthing—“someone in there?”
Sherlock nodded, brow furrowing with faint concern as he slurped through the perforation in the plastic lid.
“I’m not,” he said, jolting his arm away as he twisted his back to her.
Somehow, this was worse, though it could only have lasted a few seconds compared to Mrs. Powles’ four years, Sherlock’s expression shifting between surprise, suspicion, and curiosity as his eyes pierced through him in a way that made John slightly more open-minded toward psychics.
A slight shuffling sound indicated John was nodding. “I’ll be there.” He stopped, and there didn’t seem to be any more to say, yet he did not hang up. “Sherlock-” he began, and then faltered.
“Yours,” he reaffirmed, not quite ready to tackle overwriting the miserable memories of his room, and walked back up the corridor, John starting up the stairs ahead of him.
“Two,” John insisted, rolling onto his side, fingers brushing Sherlock’s as he clasped his hands over his chest. “At least.”
!” he cackled, and Sherlock glared down at the technological messenger of his mocking.
It was barely a whisper, and yet Sherlock winced, recoiling from the—accurate, far too accurate—assumption as he jerked his eyes to the wall.
“You’re 26,” he countered, but Irene only shrugged.
Sherlock just smiled, watching John’s face slowly slacken with sleep as he played on, indescribably grateful that, of all the dorm rooms in all the towns in all the world, John had walked into his.
John searched his cold eyes, but couldn’t read what feelings, if any, Sherlock had on the matter of their cohabitation. “And you have almost all of your classes with me,” John added.
“Just-Just say it,” John said, bracing himself as if for a blow, struggling to keep his eyes from pressing shut as his fingers clenched and unclenched against his thigh.
“What about ‘em?”
“No, don’t worry about it,” he assured, smiling as Molly lifted a skeptical brow. “It’s just the one guy. Finish your lunch.”
John chuckled, shaking his head. “Of course you did,” he said, but made no move to retrieve the bag. “Sherlock,” he started carefully, “do you think we can maybe…
It was a perfectly logical argument, a reasonable request, but Sherlock had just admitted to not knowing something, so John was now
Sherlock held fast a moment longer, and then loosened his grip with a mammoth sigh, staring at the ceiling as he allowed John to pull the pillow free. “The point is”—he paused, a swallow moving down his throat—“that the Trevors are also invited.” Keeping his eyes fixed overhead, he saw John’s blurry figure snap toward him, the leather sofa squeaking under his jeans.
“11:58,” he said, and John just tilted his head. “Technically,” he continued, grinning, “it’s still Valentine’s Day.”
“Of course not,” Sherlock huffed, a shard of a smile snagging at his lips as he shook his head, and John dropped his face, jaw shifting.
“So, we’re on house arrest?” John summated, and Dimmock smiled but shook his head.
Sherlock patted his sternum, clearing his throat. “I
“You think you can just run away!?” she was shouting, and the side of John’s face Sherlock could still see clenched. “Just disappear like nothing happened? Like you didn’t fuck everything up?”
“No,” Sherlock said with a decisive shake of his head, “you’ve made a point to learn the basics of the city—enough to not get lost, at any rate.”
“Well,” John chirped, turning to Dimmock as he bobbed his head at Sherlock, “guess he’s gonna be taciturn as well.”
Sherlock snapped his head back, startled by the shift in the sergeant’s tone.
John recoiled, but only a little, the majority of his dignity remaining intact. “Right,” he snapped, collecting his plate onto the tray and disentangling himself from the table. “Sorry I interrupted your reading. See you in biology.” He turned away, a dark pride swelling in his chest at the venom in those parting words, but Sherlock called after him and ruined his exit.
“The sauce is quite nice, isn’t it?” she murmured, lifting a flake of fish up onto her fork, and everyone rushed to agree, the conversation carried away on a river of compliments as Sherlock lifted his wine to his lips, pointedly avoiding the sharpened steel glinting in Prince John’s eyes.
“Well, yeah,” John admitted with a tip of his head as he attempted to close the distance between them again, “but that was before.”
“No, you’re right,” Irene interrupted, her voice barely a whisper, and, when she lifted her face, the moonlight caught in the pools of her eyes. “I am a whore. But I’m also trying to help you.” There was steel in her eyes when she met his, and he couldn’t stand to look at them, his gaze skittering guiltily away across the shadowed floor.
Lestrade’s expression rippled with a battle fought within his mind, and then, finally, he nodded. “Okay,” he breathed, nodding as he ran a hand up the back of his neck. “Okay. But I’m coordinating with Mycroft,” he added firmly. “There’s no way you’re not having some kind of police detail. You said John’s at an away game now?”
“A divorced workaholic?”
“There’s nothing to tell,” he replied, and Irene chuckled, grinding her cigarette out on the windowsill before tossing it out into the courtyard below.
“How long ago was it?” she asked softly, her arm brushing against his as she leaned in. “You and John?”
“Victor was…none too subtle with his wandering eye,” he explained as efficiently as possible, hoping brevity would stave off most of the awkwardness, and, though John once again appeared curious, he also continued the tradition of not asking.
Sherlock’s face fell almost comically, his eyes widening before narrowing sharply.
the guy at the restaurant was
“Well, well!”
“Why then?” John said as he crossed his legs on the end of Sherlock’s bed, his usual spot for their ‘powwows’, a term Sherlock was vehemently insisting he replace. It wasn’t gonna happen.
“Dunno. Probably not much,” he supposed, turning to look at the quiet street out the windows beyond her. “It’s only Tuesday.”
“How about we come back here after we’re done at the Yard?” John suggested, looking back at Sherlock for any last minute, ‘Abort mission!’ looks, but was greeted with only a curious, lifting eyebrow. “We don’t have school tomorrow or anything. We’ll stay in the flat upstairs and get a taxi back to Langley tomorrow.”
The moment the door closed behind John’s hasty retreat, Sherlock exhaled noisily, allowing his legs their desired giving out as he flopped backward onto the bed, John’s laptop clutched to his chest. He closed his eyes, breathing deeply and gripping the edges of the black plastic as he tried to force the thoughts of alternate endings from his head.
“Alright, so, tomorrow, 9 a.m., I will be here,” he said, pointing down at the table. “Well, maybe not
A corner of John’s mouth lifted, smearing a crooked smirk across his face, and then he moved away, walking back to the help desk, Sherlock only barely managing to drop his eyes from the back of his head before he turned around.
John lifted his eyebrows up at him as they started down the hall. “Why, you squeamish?”
Sherlock stared at him, blinking, and then barked a delayed scoff. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he muttered, fighting a losing battle with the sleeves as he attempted to tug them down. “I told you. Heroes don’t exist, and I wouldn’t be one even if they did.”
“Yeah,” he lied, hoisting up a frail smile as he nodded. “Yeah, I-I know.”
His hand on the door handle, the closest he’d ever gotten, he took a deep breath, fingers tapping on the metal as he wavered. “Fuck it,” he snapped at himself, and then swung the door outward, charging inside.
“Don’t want to set up expectations,” Sherlock interjected, finishing the mantra, and John nodded.
,” he stressed, the muscles in his neck tensing. “Wanted to see exactly what flavor of farce I was getting myself into.”
Sherlock cut him off with a shake of his head. “John, you don’t have to-”
He read it through again. Once more. And then leapt from the sofa, scooping up the laptop with a hiss as his shin slammed into the coffee table in his haste.
“I know.”
“Oh, John,” Mrs. Hudson whispered, hand shifting firmer into his hair, “it’s alright.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, the quirk of his eyebrow as he tilted his head indicating that, whatever he was about to say, it would be a bit not good.
It was a mark of how fierce those blue eyes were that Sherlock was the one to look away first. “I told you,” he said, speaking just to the left of John’s torso, “I was out for a walk. I got cold and stepped into the bookstore. That’s when I ran into Molly.”
living here,” he murmured, gaze diverting a moment to glance worriedly at Sherlock.
He knew John wasn’t dead, of course—he wasn’t quite that useless—but… Well, maybe something else was. Some part of him, of John, of whatever they were and had. Maybe something had gone up in flames with that locker room, something they could never get back, any future they might have together eternally doomed to be that single piece short.
It's inauguration day here in America, and I think we could all do with a laugh, so have some next-level unilock squad. They're helping. Honest.
It had only been a scrape, hardly something worth more than soap and warm water, and he’d opened his mouth to say as much when he’d noticed John rummaging around in the pocket of his jeans.
“No, I don’t care that your aunt’s diabetic,” Sherlock snapped, casting frantic glances around, the walls seeming to press in toward them as the air grew thinner.
A corner of her lip curled. “Aw, I’m your ass too,” she crooned, chuckling when he rolled his eyes, shaking his head and leaning back in his chair as footsteps started up the stairs below them.
“Well, when you speak of the devil-”
“What do you mean, ‘guests’?” Sherlock replied, hissing over the last word like a loathsome disease.
Lestrade’s snarl cut through their rapid descent to primary school, completely unintelligible to John, but Sherlock shot him a final, narrow glare before turning back to the conversation.
“Isn’t that a lot of work for you, though?” John asked, but Sherlock shook his head.
“So,” the blond chirped, ducking his head to avoid a particularly low crossbeam, “what’s your favorite color?”
“Naturally,” he murmured, and then bobbed his head, gesturing Sherlock to follow as he led the way to the kitchen. “What do you want for dinner?” he asked, waving his hand toward the small table in the corner as he opened the fridge, the family hardly ever using the formal dining room anymore. “We still have chicken from last night. Or I think one of Mrs. Hudson’s casseroles is in the freezer.”
“Irene, you’ve got a 2:30 and a 4. I’ve got the packet for the 2:30 on your desk. His personality tests came back a little low on assertive and high on trusting.”
“We thought we’d go cheer you on,” Irene said, grinning up at him, and, though John smiled back, there was a slight prickling of suspicion at the back of his neck.
Still chuckling, he then turned to Sergeant Donovan, the movement timed with Sherlock’s identical one, as if they’d both been waiting on some unheard cue.
, it’s the library’s, but it’s not
“No, you
“Dammit, Sherlock, STOP LYING TO ME!”
The car started to move, but neither man broke the silence, John not dropping his glare even as his fingers slid into his pocket. Only when he had removed his phone did he break the stare, his eyes following down the reel of his contacts list.
“I wouldn’t know,” Sherlock answered with a shrug, folding his arms over the counter, and John scoffed.
rooftops without anyone seeing? What are you, Batman?”
“Me?” John snorted. “Mycroft, perhaps it’s escaped your notice, but Sherlock doesn’t listen to anyone. Least of all me. I’ve been telling him all week to put his cups in the sink, and only this morning did it end up even in the kitchen. On top of the cupboards. Where I couldn’t reach it.”
John shook his head, clearly not dissuaded. “So’ve I, but still. That guy was way outta line.”
“I did not,” he snapped. “I merely spilled my Coke. It was rather cold, and I was unprepared.”
“You don’t wanna see it!” he urged, and Sherlock’s struggling ceased, his eyes slowly drifting to the man’s face. Anderson’s brown eyes looked steadily back at him, a sheen of moisture glittering off the dark surface as the man gently shook his head. “You don’t wanna see it,” he echoed, the words cracking, and Sherlock simply blinked at him, dumbfounded, before turning his gaze back out.
Mike took a long drink, slowing his swallow and clearing his throat. “Your, er, lunch with Miss Jeanette,” he muttered, and the line of John’s shoulders tightened.
Sherlock sighed, letting his skull bump back against the plaster as he shook his head, internally bemoaning the speed of the proverbial grapevine.
Mycroft chuckled, twirling his umbrella as he stepped away. “Of course not. Good day now, John. Oh, and it might be best if you didn’t go anywhere over the next few days.” He turned back, grinning at John’s perplexed expression just as a long black car pulled up beside the curb. “I have some of my people watching the flat, just in case Moran tries again. It is so much easier to set up a perimeter if you stay inside. Afternoon,” he bade with a nod, dropping down and disappearing into the interior of the car.
“Will you stop fawning over your new jersey already!? I can smell you from here!”
1) Don’t say “We need to talk” unless you’re about to break up.
“Nice?” Irene parroted, rolling her eyes. “‘Nice’, ‘fine’, what are you, running for office? I want
“You brought soup.”
A shrill squeal pierced through the door, and he started, snapping his head to the sound in time to see a young girl with bright blond curls race past, a broad smile on her face as she turned over her shoulder to make sure the dark-haired boy on her heels didn’t get too far behind.
Devon groaned theatrically, the rest of the team following suit with similar, sickly sounds. “Don’t go gettin’ all soft on us, or we’ll impeach you!”
“You let him into your phone?” Molly asked, her eyebrows high.
“Because it’s
“What about everything else?” he asked, John glancing back as he moved to fetch the milk from the fridge to find the blond had moved around to Sherlock’s side of the square table, but the dark-haired companion was blocking most of his view. “You still living at home?”
like, I mean, what did you
Sherlock lowered his own menu to reply when a loud rush of music burst from his pocket. He growled, wrenching it from his pocket and silencing the din.
them together over the table. “Besides, it’s Italian food. You’ve got to have wine with Italian food.”
“What, and not be with your family on Christmas Eve?” John closed the card, placing it on the table and beginning to search the surrounding area. “No, it’s your own damn house; don’t let Victor drive you out of it. What’s this thing say?” He pulled a small cream-colored card up from the floor, turning it over in his hand before thrusting it into Sherlock’s face with a triumphant, “Aha!”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock nodded, but it seemed more musing than agreeing, and his eyes glazed over as he stared into the fire. “So, I suppose, if I’m Mr. Darcy,” he said, half of his mouth curled in a smirk as he looked back to John, “that would make you Elizabeth.”
He’d been dreaming about sleeping in a proper bed for days, but, now that he was here, it eluded him, too many thoughts knitted together to form an impassable barrier between him and unconsciousness.
“Well, I’d better…” He trailed off, shuffling a step back as he bobbed a thumb behind him, and John chuckled, rocking on his heels, inexplicably charmed and confused how every ‘see you later’ still managed to feel like waffling over a first kiss at someone’s doorstep.
“What happened?” he began, hands brushing at the hips of his low-slung pajama trousers in search of phantom pockets before he settled on crossing his arms. “At Langley? After I left?” His eyes flickered to John’s a moment before he dropped his chin, watching his socks wriggle against the carpet.
At that point, the customer John had been waiting on had cleared her throat, no doubt noticing the caramel cavern he’d created in her whipped cream, and he had hastily apologized, snapping a plastic lid on the drink and passing it across to her with a straw and a muttered “Have a nice day!”. There had been one more drink to do after that, thankfully something simple that even John’s trembling hands and flustered mind hadn’t been able to screw up, and, as soon as the customer had passed back through the door, John had pressed himself against the counter, staring at the empty window with a sinking feeling he’d imagined it all.
! How can someone not have seen
“I don’t see why we couldn’t stay in the car,” he grumbled, looking down at the sea of vehicles at the bottom of the hill, the warped reflection of the movie glinting across the hoods in black and white. “It’s a
“…Damn.”
Sherlock turned to him, eyebrows lifting in inquiry.
success,” John stressed, watching his blue-clad friends becoming smaller as they climbed. “Are you coming?” he asked, heart pattering shamelessly, and he swallowed hard to keep his voice steady.
Sherlock let out a startled laugh, the sound quickly shifting to a yelp as he was pushed roughly out into the corridor by John snapping the door shut on his back.
“Well, sorry this has to be your first experience,” he said good-humoredly. “But at least you’ll get to watch me get my arse kicked!”
,” Sherlock stressed, nodding his head toward John’s face.
“Sherlock-” he started, but Sherlock cut him off, shaking his head.
“For the love of- Don’t
John kept his eyes fixed on the grey ones, not wanting to miss anything else. “And then broke up with me.”
a hen party.”
He lifted his phone up, furious as he opened a message, and then stopped, fingers hovering over the keyboard. If he said anything now, it would give Sherlock time to prepare, to pull himself and a good cover story together before John returned, and, as much as he wished he didn’t even have to consider it, he could use every advantage he could get, Sherlock clearly not adverse or unskilled at lying.
workaholic; no kids; no overactive tear ducts.” Molly shrugged, lifting her festive paper coffee cup to her lips. “You should be kissing my 60%-off designer heels.”
Love is a much more powerful motivator.”
“I’ll alert the media.”
, dammit!
“Because it’s friendlier?” John answered hesitantly, his eyebrow quirking.
“I suppose I should’ve known,” she said, heavy with dramatics, and she looked forlorn for all of half a second before lifting her eyebrows and smirking. “The cute ones are always gay.”
John was looking over his shoulder, his body turned to pass the bundle of paper along the row, and, in the second their eyes locked, he smiled in that same small way Sherlock decided right then and there would forever be his favorite.
“Well,” John muttered, clearing his throat as he shuffled his feet, “I suppose I should...” He trailed away, scraping his foot a half-stride back as he pointed a thumb over his shoulder, out of reasonable excuses to prolong the conversation, and Sherlock nodded, his eyes a little dimmer when he looked back up from his shoes.
John turned at the voice in the door, but the boy being summoned did not.
“Yes,” he snapped, and Mycroft’s eyes popped, his mouth parting as he looked over John’s nine-year-old, barely-taller-than-his-waist form with something Sherlock had no other words for than grudging respect.
“No, you’re not,” Lestrade countered, and Sherlock sniffed, shaking his head as he looked to the lift doors, waiting for them to open. “You only called me
“For who, the maids?” Sherlock muttered, and John chuckled.
“Reece Wilmot?” John asked, and Sherlock snapped his head up, eyes wide with curious surprise. “He’s Greg’s uncle,” John explained, bobbing his head back toward his teammate. “Greg’s gonna start training there after graduation.”
There was a tap on Sherlock’s arm, and he turned to find John looking at him with furrowed eyebrows. “What did you do?” he whispered, gesturing at the back of Devon’s chair.
“Wasn’t meant to be,” he replied with a shake of his head. “We almost didn’t do gifts at all.”
Sherlock looked up as the man’s voice broke, finding John scant inches away, his eyes awash with a swirling mixture of agony and fear.
“Alright then, genius,” Sally snapped, folding her arms while Sherlock rolled his eyes. “How was he killed, then?”
“Because,” the detective continued, shuffling forward to the edge of the mattress, “it seems like an
“Yes. Well, no, not-not really, I don’t- I just have to give you this.” He pulled free a small box from his bag, the polished paper packaging shining in telltale shades of pink and red as a silver ribbon tied around the middle bounced in the shifting air.
“No!” Sherlock spluttered, but he was half laughing now.
“What-What are you-” he started, momentarily perplexed, and then he understood, his stomach sinking all the way through the floor as he lunged forward. “No, Dad, you-you can’t!” he pleaded, eyes darting over the pages as his father pulled them free, searching for the school handbook so he could grab it and run. “John-John didn’t do anything!”
remained unwrinkled, unstained, and, considering he was living with Sherlock, unincinerated.
“John, please, just-”
John nodded, forcing a smile even though he knew the effort was wasted on Sherlock. “Well, have fun,” he bade, and Sherlock gave a soft scoff. “Season of love and goodwill and all that.”
“We’re fine,” he preempted, lifting his hands, and Lyle slowed, frowning between them, his gun lowering toward the floor until his eyes found Irene.
“Well, I’d better go,” she sighed, straddling the bench as she stood, and John blinked aimlessly for a moment before his face hitched into a smile. “Got a lot to make up from yesterday.” She smiled brightly between he and Mike, lifting her hand in a small wave as she retreated. “I’ll see you both later! Oh, actually!” She turned back, taking a step closer as she allowed another student with a tray to pass behind her. “Some of us were going to head into London to watch the fireworks—not a big group, mind, but I know some of your teammates are coming.” Her smile turned hopefully expectant, and John fought to keep his from falling. “Do you want to come? We’re leaving at 5.”
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Lestrade pressed, eyes pleading as his hands shifted in the air between them. “After what you’ve been through, anyone would-”
Sherlock laughed, turning back on the third step to find John frowning up at him, hand lolled toward the railing.
Sherlock smiled, but it was John who answered, dropping his arms to his sides as he nodded.
Sherlock smiled. “Quite well, thank you.”
“What sort of something?”
like something special, something he ought to appreciate being able to be the other half of. He liked to think he wasn’t bad at it either, learning along the way as he had, but there were some things he just hadn’t mastered yet, some things he wasn’t sure he could ever make John feel the way he did.
“According to whatever self-help blog Mary and Molly were invested in at the time, yes.”
!?” he spat, mouth dropping when Sherlock scoffed at the obviousness of the fact. “How could you- Why would I even
“Nothing interesting,” he replied, loading another bag of popcorn into the microwave. “Just pH balances, testing different variables and such. We didn’t get to pick our own; we just got put into groups and given topics.”
John shrugged, comfortable enough now not to be cowed by the intensity of the gaze. “Well, if something’s not a coincidence,” he began, rolling a hand in the air, “then what is it? Fate?”
—throwing his head back to rest against the lift wall with a thunk.
“What? Oh, right,” she murmured, rattling her head, a swallow bobbing down her throat as she handed Sherlock back his valentine. “It’s-It’s a very nice card,” she said, her tone strangely solemn as her smile turned dewy. “This John sounds very sweet.”
The Woman rolled her eyes, and John felt eight years old again. “Sherlock’s name isn’t in that file, John. There’s no way Jim could’ve known through any official means that he was involved at all.”
Sherlock made to pull away, moving just far enough for John to see the confusion in his eyes, the anxiety he had made some miscalculation, and then John slipped his hands to either side of his jaw, tilting the brunette’s head up as he dove down to crash their mouths together. Sherlock responded immediately, his tongue twisting around John’s, and it was John’s turn to shiver, hands roaming back into Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock glanced down at him, pleading nonverbally for permission, but John only narrowed his eyes. With a put-upon sigh, Sherlock continued. “Liam Grant was lactose intolerant—he wouldn’t have ingested a latte
John stumbled back, collapsing onto his bed to avoid being trampled as Sherlock barreled to his wardrobe, flinging it open with a bang that made John wince.
John’s chest was warm and firm at Sherlock’s side as he collided with it, the tan hand not loosening from his elbow as John held him close. He was pinned into John’s torso, struck a bit dumb by the sudden shift, and there was a long moment when he could do nothing but blink dazedly down at John’s hair, the smell of shampoo and laundry detergent and faint lingering mustard from lunch slamming through his senses like an EF-5.
“Well, I’m gonna head back downstairs,” he sighed, exhaustion pulling at the shadows under his eyes. “Try to keep the Truth or Dare down, eh?” he teased with a wink, and then disappeared around the corner, footsteps creaking down the stairs a moment later.
“Some doctor,” Sherlock muttered, but he was smiling as he bent down, tongue between his teeth as he lined up the nail. He struck unerringly—of course—and looked up at John with a bright grin that was not nearly as smug as the blond had been anticipating.
“You know, the
Devon’s glance was only a minute flicker in his direction, an almost imperceptible turn of his head, but John knew the moment that ball would leave his hands, soaring diagonally back through the air toward him.
He turned back to Mycroft, but his brother was pointedly ignoring him, eating his salad with all the focus of defusing a bomb, and Sherlock turned his attention to the same, a helpless smile on his face as he rolled a beet across the bed of arugula.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes even further while John busied himself with cutting his waffle, looking between the psychic staring contest as he chewed. “Why would you-” the detective began, but Mrs. Hudson, once again, intervened.
John stared at him, expectant. “What?” he asked, looking rather impatient with Sherlock’s showboating, but too curious to deny him the climactic reveal.
to go, you know I want to go,” he muttered, turning a hand up at her, and Molly nodded, “but… Well, what if he doesn’t want me there?”
The two men nodded briskly, spines straightening, and then turned as one, moving back down the stairs once more.
Mike shook his head, smiling softly again, and John was now aware enough to be a little irritated by the mocking hint in it. “Don’t thank me, mate, I just handed it to you. Sherlock put that there before he left this morning. Told me to come in and wake you at 11:30. Said you don’t like sleeping past noon, it makes you feel like you’ve wasted the day.”
The blond boy was curled up on the sofa, the farthest he was willing to go so long as Sherlock wasn’t going to sleep, and none of Sherlock’s insistences that he just go upstairs to the spare bedroom already had had any effect whatsoever. So, there he lay, curled up with a ratty blanket draped over him,
Ben puffed out a breath. “Sherlock, that’d be- At that age, fractures often don’t show up at the
other word…”
Slowly, Sherlock let the smile slip off his face, dropping his eyes down to his fingers as they tugged at an errant thread coming loose from the top of his sock.
“Okay, I trust you,” he said, the words carried out on a wobbly breath as Sherlock shook him again. He lifted his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes, which were wide and frantic as he searched John’s face. “I trust you,” he repeated, this time with hushed conviction, and gave Sherlock a slow, firm nod.
“What drug?” John asked, not looking at him anymore, his gaze fixed on the pipette leaning up against the side of a glass beaker.
“GET BACK HERE!” the man cried, firing wildly after him, John worried more about ricochets than anything as one of the bullets pinged off the railing a few feet in front of him. “GIVE ME THAT PHONE!”
“And they all walked into a bar,” Greg said, and everyone laughed.
“You were going to tell me it’s no big deal,” he spat, and, though Sherlock knew the anger wasn’t directed at him, his pulse still quickened at the fury contained in the sharp syllables. “That you’re fine, don’t care, never really liked him that much anyway.”
“Look, don’t worry about it, okay?” he urged, adding a reassuring squeeze. “I didn’t mean to pressure you. We’ve got all the time in the world.” He smiled, an achingly tender thing that Sherlock did his best to return, but, as John looked back out the window, Sherlock turned his eyes to their tangled fingers, stomach sinking along with his gaze as he wished so badly he could believe John was right.
There was a rustle of clothing as another floorboard creaked, this time farther to Sherlock’s right, the vibration under his feet indicating John was pacing a short distance behind him, and Sherlock closed his eyes, trying not to track the movement in his mind, the rhythmic back-and-forth making him dizzy.
John frowned, tilting his head as he inhaled to question, but then the door opened behind him, drawing his attention away.
John didn’t dare breathe for a moment, not trusting himself to allow his body the oxygen to speak.
“I’d better get going. I told Molly I had to fill out some paperwork at the station this morning and then I was all hers.”
John blinked, mouth twitching in an aborted smile as his eyes scanned Sherlock’s face, finding no hint of humor. “Of- Of course you are,” he said with a gentle nod of his head. “I’d have thought that was obvious.”
Sherlock rolled his wrist where it hung at his side, flattening his palm toward John in subtle signal. “You know what I want, Victor?” he said, dipping his head toward the man, Victor frowning in ignorance. “I want you to live out the remainder of your pathetic existence collecting venereal diseases until you inherit your father’s hairline and are reduced to striking out with bartenders at three-star resort tiki lounges.”
“Ideas are worthless without action,” he interrupted, enough of an edge to his voice that John snapped his head up, startled. “Besides, you had to make the decision to listen to me.”
Which was looking back at him, a large smiley face grinning up from the foam, and Sherlock bit at the inside of his cheek, fighting not to laugh. Slowly, he lifted his chin, quirking a brow up at the blond, but John only beamed.
you! If it weren’t for me, you would’ve been fine, would’ve been safe!”
John was beaming as he ran onto the pitch, the muscles pinching in his cheeks.
him, and-and he was in our dorm…” He trailed away, a swallow moving down his throat as his grey eyes skittered helplessly between John and the door. “He-He said I’d call,” he continued softly, lips quivering over the words. “Before, I-I always- He always had-” Sherlock faltered, face pinching as his hands clenched, but John had heard enough, eyes widening as a leaden weight tugged at his stomach.
“It’s a gift,” he clipped, turning back to Mary as John smiled into his drink. “I think it’s more probable we both simply have no patience for holidays manufactured by our capitalistic society to prey upon people’s naïve sentimentality.”
There was a
The answer took a moment this time, John just beginning to wonder if the man had perhaps fallen asleep when the screen brightened again.
“Here,” he snapped, dropping the open, cardboard box at the foot of Sherlock’s bed, where it rattled the whole mattress, as well as the boy sitting on it. “Now, if you don’t mind, I have to get down to the pitch.”
“When?” John snapped, spinning to glare up at him. “When were you going to tell me? When you had it all figured out? When you could flip up your collar and put on a show? I could’ve
“Good thing we didn’t include
“M’rning,” he mumbled back against John’s lips, and John chuckled, ducking his head to nip at the man’s ear.
“It’s likely the killer has some connection to the industry,” Sherlock continued, nibbling on the same piece of naan he’d been holding for the past five minutes. “Not a user, that’s obvious, but there’s some connection, something that ties the killer to the drug industry in that area, to these particular dealers.”
Yes, the secret admirer thing was romantic, poetry and all, and, no, Sherlock did not believe they were anything close to a psycho, but, on the literal other hand, John Watson had given him his phone number. And invited him to a party. And told him to wear green.
They stepped inside, Sherlock sliding into a back corner while Lestrade hit one of the buttons, the circle of floor 7 illuminating before he leaned back against the opposite wall.
“There are
“Afghanistan.”
“Hello, boys,” sang a familiar voice, and the bags parted to reveal the grinning face of Irene Adler. “Let’s have dinner!” She pushed between them, forcing her way into the flat, although Sherlock offered no resistance.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow, while John’s lowered into a glare at the impressed tone of Sherlock’s voice.
Slowly, he turned his face away from the water, avoiding meeting John’s eyes for as long as he could. It could not be avoided forever, however, and a shiver ran through him that had nothing to do with his still-writhing intestines as he met the ice-blue orbs.
, I was merely expressing a concern.”
!?” John hissed furiously, shoulder bumping into Sherlock’s arm as he drew up closer.
“Thought you’d have locked yourself in a practice room until showtime,” a young man said, the voice unfamiliar, but John recognized Sherlock’s responding chuckle.
he finally settled on, stowing the phone and replacing his glove as the cab drew up, and he quickly gave the man the address, settling into the backseat before wiping a hand down his cheek.
He headed back up to his room, putting his suit back in the garment bag and climbing into pajamas trousers and the worn university hoodie he never left home without, the closest thing to a security blanket he would publicly admit to having. He gathered up the bundle of folders, turning toward the bed, and then paused, reconsidering as he looked down at the names scrawled over the tabs in Molly’s rushed script. Moving back to the desk, he pulled out all but John’s file, dropping them on the desk for tomorrow, and carried the single bright red folder to his bed, flipping it open in front of him as he sat cross-legged against the throw pillows, elbows pushing into his knees as he poured over the pages.
*****
“Why?” Sherlock blustered, and immediately regretted it as John drew back, hand slipping away as he frowned. “I mean…what would you do with them?” he stumbled out, vainly hoping John would forgive the slip and go back to touching him.
“Why do you even
He looked down at his shoes, shifting the wingtips against the tile, his heart thrumming at the base of his throat as he accepted the decision that was already made the second John stepped through the door. “You do realize you won’t be able to avoid my brother?”
“How would
“Let’s just…start here, shall we?” he suggested, and Sherlock, with only a token amount of pouting, turned his attention back to the parcel.
“He- He told you what…
“Next week,” John replied, and she nodded.
sorry, I-I should’ve been paying more attention.”
“I’ve offended you.”
“We didn’t.” Anger twitched at his jaw. “She was dropped off. Guy said he’d found her wandering the neighborhood, but it was pretty obvious she was his. We see it a lot,” he added at Sherlock’s horrorstruck expression. “Especially ‘round spring. Takes people that long to realize their Christmas puppy is gonna grow up.”
“I can- I can do that,” he murmured, rolling a hand down at the tape in Sherlock’s fingers. “If you want. I mean, if you don’t-”
Molly frowned, tilting her head in confusion, and John sighed, running a hand back through his hair.
“I-” He swallowed, taking a breath. “Sherlock, a-about last night-”
John tipped his head, unamused. “Just now? In December?”
“That’s because you didn’t get the flu,” he chuckled, eyes glinting across at him, “you got a cough and melodramatic.”
His heart leapt as his own phone went off just seconds before he would reach the corner of the building. With a glare down at the offending piece of plastic, he rushed the last several paces, whirling around the brick wall.
Sherlock sighed, letting his eyes flutter shut as his breath left him. He probably had half an hour before John returned, knowing his propensity to find someone to talk to. Half an hour and then he would call Lestrade, demand an update. Just half an hour to refresh his mind, that was all he needed. He felt the tension leaving his muscles, trains of thought drifting off the tracks, swept away by the pulling waves of exhaustion, and if the imagined sea was the color of John’s eyes, Sherlock didn’t dwell on it.
! People—ordinary, everyday people—are so
“That is
“I did have rhythm,” he muttered bitterly, and Sherlock grinned a moment before shifting to a sage nod.
John didn’t seem to hear him, and instead had lifted his neck to stare cross-eyed down at the bed beneath his face. “This isn’t my bed,” he murmured, craning his neck farther back to get a better look. “S’ your bed.” He pointed down at the mattress, head drooping comically before he stiffened his neck again.
“Ow! Molly!” Sherlock barked as the woman jumped, forcing him up onto his tiptoes if he didn’t want to lose his arm.
“...Okay.”
“Yes!” he urged, nodding adamantly. “It was extraordinary; it- How did you-”
Sherlock smiled, dropping his eyes to his lap as he nodded. “Yeah,” he agreed, blinking up to John through his lashes, “it was.”
The familiar footsteps came pounding down the corridor toward him, quick and obviously flustered, and Sherlock closed his eyes, preparing for the onslaught.
