“It’s in the wrong place.”
Together, they watched with bated breath as the sun kept playing hide and seek with the clouds. And then: the clouds suddenly cleared off as the sun—now merely a thin faint line of light, a dying crescent—shone against the gray skies.
New round of chess. Tony won. Again.
As long as Tony was alright, it’ll all be okay.
Tony returned the smile in kind, then put his right hand onto the table, right in the middle, looking at Steve in question.
Suddenly, someone barged into the room. It was Coulson. His tie was a little askew, and it was the least put-together look Steve had ever seen on him.
Tony grinned. “No. Apart from charming the scientists I invited, I’ve been trying to talk to as many of my investors as possible.”
aware of that.
Clint sighed. “So many movies to see, so little time, Stevie-o. It’s an old horror flick.”
Steve heaved a low breath. “He was brainwashed and cannot be held accountable. The jury confirmed that months ago.”
Tony frowned, and after a long moment, his defensive posture loosened slightly. “You’re from a different dimension,” he said, exhaling a long-suffering breath as he straightened again. “Should’ve realized it sooner. You do look a little different.”
“I—thanks?” Tony said, frowning. He walked over and took the watch from Steve, pulling it on.
There was at least one set of hand patting his head at that.
“Yeah, while wearing blinders. While
Natasha shrugged, casting him an innocent expression. “Told you he changed.”
Steve huffed. “I’m not self-righteous. I’m…set in my ways.”
There was a pause and Barnes looked down at the paper with the same expression Steve always sported when he didn’t yet know where to start with a new drawing. Then he put the pen down, and with slow, perfectly executed strokes, he wrote his full name down on the line.
Tony nodded. “I can’t believe how much time I wasted fighting just the idea of us.”
And then Natasha had asked him to join them on their road trip. And suddenly he was where he was. Standing next to Tony, and realizing for the first time, that what he’d taken for a close friendship might’ve always been something else entirely.
“Well, if you had to name one point in time that set off the chain reaction, leading to the team’s downfall, when would it be?”
“Ah,” Tony said. “I kept thinking there was something hard pressing into my back.”
“Perfect, thank you,” Steve said, before he moved towards the stairway.
be. Could it?
Tony looked up at Steve a second longer, the shower water still running all across their bodies, before he cast him a mischievous wink. “Well, in that case…” He let his free hand—the one not currently curled around both of their dicks—trail along Steve’s middle. He flattened his palm against his skin and pointedly moved it towards Steve’s ass. His forefinger pressed further against Steve’s body, trailing a path between those gorgeous two cheeks until he reached Steve’s hole and—
Bruce nodded, walking over to the cooktop, looking down on whatever Natasha and Sam were making for breakfast. “Could you fix some porridge?” he asked.
Soon after, Ian was fighting the bottle, pushing it away and crying. Tony jostled him a bit, but he wouldn’t settle down. Something was missing. Out of place. And Ian was too clever not to notice.
Tony’s jaw twitched lightly. He nodded. “Yeah.”
Tony heard the crackling of thunder before he saw it, but either way, the next thing he knew, Mjolnir hit the robot with full force and sent it to the ground. Its various parts shattered, and only the helmet’s lights flickered for a moment longer, before it went out for good.
“Thanks?” Steve replied, questioning.
He was also taking so long that the others were probably already finished with the tour.
Shivering, Tony opened his eyes. Steve seemed mesmerized, his lips parted and his eyes displaying a drowsy kind of lust as he watched his finger skate across Tony’s skin.
There was movement in the room. And then, someone was pressing a warm washcloth to his forehead, tilting the mattress with his weight as he sat down beside him.
“Yes,” Steve said. “Yes, okay. We’ll work on it. Find a compromise.”
SR 11:48 P.M.>I'm not sure, but when you find out, let me know
“You know, sometimes you two are absolutely sickening.” Bucky stood in the kitchen doorway, his arms folded across his chest. “Not to put a damper on your kinky fun with food, but are you planning to serve that dessert sometime soon? Vision looks about ready to storm in here, Clint keeps telling him that chocolate mousse is the best thing about humanity. And if I have to watch Thor playing ‘Where’s the baby’ with Ian one more time I’ll have to stab him.”
Slowly, Steve brushed a finger over Tony’s hand. “It’s because they have little imagination.”
“I never knew it was an option,” Steve admitted, biting his lip so he wouldn’t just kiss Tony again. To distract himself a little, he touched Tony’s wedding band, fingertips rubbing lightly over it. It was no use, though, he could still feel Tony’s breath against his face, shuddering through his open mouth. Tony’s lips were so close, so tempting. So Steve took his face in his hands and kissed him again.
“Hey, Tony,” came a voice from the couch area.
SR 6:58 P.M.>What’s that supposed to mean?
“Get to work,” Tony urged.
Steve’s arms were locked around Tony like a vice, the HUD’s data making it clear that Tony would need to put a really huge amount of power into his repulsors to get away.
. All he could do, in that brief span of forever, was stay still and hope that this was all just a bad dream.
All of it was suddenly so real. Too real. Because, as painful as it would have been to know that Bucky had died in Italy—it was so much worse to see what he had become. His friendly features hardened with cruelty; his eyes jaded. Not Bucky at all, but just his body, just a host for what HYDRA had turned him into.
How had they messed this up so badly?
“Sleep a little more,” she ventured softly. “I’m sure Steve’ll come down soon.”
“The last thing I want to do is recite all the stupidity I had to listen to the entire day, Steve.”
Those weeks must’ve been a horror for him, too. At first, there had been days upon days of trying to deactivate the mental implants in Bucky’s brain, and once that was done, Tony had jetted around the US, promoting their case and trying to keep Bucky from going to prison.
Whew, so this is the final chap and also the conclusion of this series, at least for now. I'm not sure when and if an AoU sequel will happen, so I'll tag the series as completed for the time being. Would you guys even be interested in another part?
“Right. We’re going.”
“Thanks,” Steve said, smiling a bit. He glanced back at the photograph. “And you said we got married six months ago?”
Not until Steve.
“Her rings, bracelets she always wore... They’ll identify her body,” Tony explained. “Then they’ll remember the other woman, the woman buried in the crypt. And they’ll know I lied.”
“Getting me something to drink.”
Tony death-glared him, then determinately made to stand up. “Fine. If I land in jail, I expect you to bail me out before the eclipse starts.”
“Leaves room for improvement,” Steve offered, and because Tony had yet to say ‘No’, he took that tiny opening and leaned forward even more.
In any case, it wasn’t hard to notice how cold the reception of their guests was. No one smiled—even Rhodey, who was usually quick to show his respect to anyone of rank, was giving Ross wary glances.
Natasha hesitated, and Tony could see the worry in her eyes.
“Sure,” Tony replied, and yeah, he wasn’t buying any of that. But that was fine. If Steve wanted to keep on mourning and lamenting his lost life all on his own, then it wasn’t Tony’s place to do something about it. Whatever.
Tony smiled, at seemingly nothing in particular. His once meticulously groomed goatee was now fraying at the edges, making him look somewhat less intimidating. “You, too, Cap,” he said quietly.
Steve couldn't keep himself from eyeing Tony a little hungrily, when he came out of the toilets with only his pants fastened loosely around his hips. He had taken the liberty of cleaning up their mess and collecting Tony's discarded clothes while Tony was busy, and was waiting with the items in hand outside the bathroom area.
Fury huffed. “You got that right.” There was a meek edge to his voice and Steve felt his anger deflate somewhat.
Ian was wrapped snugly in a blue cotton blanket. Tony walked closer, smiling when the first ‘happy birthdays’ and awed noises arose. He held the baby close, patting its tiny back, and Steve felt a sudden rush of pure love move through him.
“I love you,” Tony murmured against his lips, because what the hell, he might as well do this the right way, no jokes, no cute little innuendos—just plain love.
Steve’s hand was firm around his, his thumb massaging circles into his skin. They were all here, lying side by side, and Tony knew, this would be a moment he’d think about forever.
Tony Stark was naked, and clearly not caring one single bit that Steve was right
He wanted Steve in both a raw, naked kind of way, and also a holding-hands kind of way. And not seeing him for so long was slowly driving him insane.
TS 3:22 A.M.>Also, no hotel porn channel needed
It was—it was basically an arm on wheels, Steve thought, but with the way it bumped into Tony as if wanting to hug him, Steve knew it was so much more. Its movements were sluggish, uncoordinated and loud—very
1996. Of course, that would make sense. He’d be over 70 years old.
The crowd gathered, and Steve’s gaze swept over to Sam, who was looking somber. Tony stayed near him for comfort. Bucky, however, had decided to stay behind, watching the progression from afar with only Natasha at his side. Natasha, and about twenty UN soldiers trying not to disrupt the ceremony.
And what if he didn’t?
Eventually, he dropped back on the bed, his hand brushing over Tony’s side, his fingers tangling in the ends of his hair. Tony edged closer, his tired brown eyes meeting Steve’s thoughtful glance.
Maybe Steve could finally apologize for reacting the way he had.
“Stay down, kid,” he ordered with a pointed glare, then followed the sounds of shots next to him. He stepped up to Bucky, who was alternately shooting at the bots and simply squishing them with his metal hand. Steve circled him, before he took stance at his six, deflecting the shots aimed at the both of them.
The fact he’d also agreed to handle reconstruction duties for the government as well as paying for a major part of it had probably weighed heavily in the Avengers’ favor.
, I was… There was only me to blame.”
“I’m gonna—”
, but there
Tony frowned. That rang a bell. He accessed the Air Force servers via Extremis, opening Sam’s files. A lot of information was blacked out, but it wasn’t overly hard to find backup copies of the original files. Samuel Thomas Wilson, 36 years old, grown up in Harlem. Father, Paul Wilson. Mother, Darlene Wilson. Both deceased before Sam had reached maturity. He’d served as a Pararescueman, and worked with the 58th rescue squadron for two years. He and his fellow paratrooper Riley had been the first test pilots for the…
He did manage to lean into the kiss Steve pressed against his cheek, though, and cast him a lazy smile.
“What—”
“Go!” Steve yelled.
I know.”
“Be nice, Maria,” Pepper chided, as she sat down as well.
“It’s fine. I know what you meant,” Tony said, laughing. He smiled at Steve warmly. “And you’ll do just fine, Steve. I don’t think I can be much of help. You always knew far better how to get my head out of my ass. Just be yourself. I happen to like that.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his neck—a gesture Tony had often seen Steve do. Which was strangely comforting. “To be honest, this is not the first time something like this has happened to one of our team and… I guess it means that your Steve probably is in 2022 where I should be.”
"Why not…" he repeated, staring at Tony in mild disbelief that he would actually ask that so plainly. "Because I love you, that’s why."
was. And the idea that this kind, brave man he’d called his partner for the last couple of years would hate him from here on out… it left Tony thoroughly gutted.
He moved carefully around the corners, sliding through the shadows at first, his enhanced senses extended as far as they would go. Nothing moved except the wind from the ocean and the odd cloud scutting across the moon.
Steve gave him a hard look. “Just so you know, you and Tony are kind of best buds in the future.”
“Plans?” Tony asked, and his face relaxed into a real smile. Steve was still looking at him with those ridiculously blue eyes, and there was something in that expression, something sweet and wonderful, that made Tony feel strangely warm.
Which was precisely the reason why he hadn’t yet told Tony about what had happened with Obadiah.
In a quiet voice, Bucky said: “Nine months ago.”
The boy gingerly took it and smiled at him. “Thank you.”
After that, it was a series of hugs and awkward first handshakes. Steve even went so far and pressed a rather sloppy kiss on Natasha’s cheek, when she approached him.
Steve’s smile faded to a bemused grin as he slid the finger all the way in. Tony was clenching around him like a vice, at first, but he could see him taking deep breaths and after a few seconds, he was loosening up. Steve dipped his head and brushed a kiss over Tony’s stomach, licking a wet path to his cock. When his lips closed in around the head, Tony cried out and arched off the floor again, hands clenching the sleeping back with such fervor that he nearly ripped them to shreds.
Tony smiled. It was such a Steve thing to say. “After Ultr—I mean, after I messed up, I think you wanted to make sure I was more honest with you, but… turns out there was a lot we couldn’t tell each other.”
Fantastic.
Steve sighed. “I know what you wanna say, and I appreciate it, but this is between Tony and me.”
“‘It’?” Tony asked, cautious.
And now Fury was messing with his team.
“Last time I did, I officially died an hour later, so I wouldn’t call it a hobby,” Fury said, grimacing at the memory. He glanced at Steve. “How’s your boy?”
Eventually, he supposed, it didn’t matter. And it was beside the point, because Tony was going to get his husband back.
“Good. Then—Please tell me what’s going on.”
Every roll of thunder seemed to make the ground shutter. He flew a half circle around the floating city, searching the under side for the driller’s exit. When he found it, he removed a bit of rubble with pointed repulsor beams, then took position.
Steve nodded. “If there’s any chance you both can still stop the launch, you should take it. Besides… at this point we don’t even know who’s who, and I don’t want Hulk near SHIELD… if he killed someone who wasn’t HYDRA… I don’t want him to go through that again.”
“Steve…” Tony began, his eyes boring into him.
Eventually, Steve's breath slowly evened out, and he drifted back to a much-needed sleep. After a few minutes of listening to the steady beating of his heart, Tony turned around in his arms, leaning up so that his eyes were level with Steve's closed ones. "I hate what you did there," he whispered softly, because he needed to say it, at least once. "I understand why you did it, but... I really hate it."
“I just hope our Steve’s all right wherever he is in the future,” Barnes said from his place at the window.
suit, Tony. I can't believe you're bringing your PhD into this argument like it would
“I enjoyed it,” Steve replied, briefly glancing at Tony. “But my experience with places like Monte Carlo is limited. I have never been to a resort like that… as a vacationer.”
It was a moment that would make or break them, Tony knew that. And he couldn’t move… couldn’t
"Thanks, Tony," he said, getting to his feet and marching towards the exit. Turning at the door, he glanced at the genius. "I…" What? What else did he have to say? An exasperated smile rose to his lips. "I'll be back… later, maybe. If that's alright with you?"
“No,” Tony interrupted, though he felt his face heating up. “You could’ve figured all of that out by talking to Pepper.”
“Give me a moment to think,” Tony said, accepting the helmet Steve handed him and putting it back on. Only now, he saw Ultron’s dead form, lying on the ground, and even now, the helmet looked a lot like it was grinning.
Steve nodded, as if understanding exactly what Tony was saying. “Me neither.”
A sigh from Tony. “I’m afraid we do. I’ve stayed away from home too long already. I can’t put all of the work on Obi’s shoulders. He’s practically leading Stark Industries as it is. It’s time that I step in again and do my part.” He smiled again, brushing a hand over Steve’s back. “To be honest, it’s partly your fault I’m feeling some kind of… motivation rise inside me again. I’ve been without that for a long while, but my fingers are itching to create something now. Thanks to you.”
“At least three hours if we’re traveling at a normal speed,” she said as she lowered the window flaps to conceal them from the outside. “And I told the driver to take the scenic route.”
No. Not someone.
—he was… he was just sitting there. On the couch. His shield leaning right next to his leg.
Steve watched Tony’s still form as he looked out the window on the car seat next to him. The lights were speeding past them and he couldn’t wait to return home. He knew Ian was safe with Veronica, and Happy, and Bruce, but in times like this he preferred having his son near.
We love reading it all and we hype over each and every one of them!
“Something he did?”
“I’m glad you found someone,” Tony forced himself to say. “You earned some happiness. After everything that happened. And everything that probably will happen in the next years.”
The only problem was—said husband wasn’t home.
Steve fell into the wall and grunted in pain, but he quickly lifted his eyes when he heard the sounds of a pained groan. Bucky had Sam pinned against the opposite wall as he strangled his throat with his metal hand. While Sam heaved rattling breaths in agony and tried to fend Bucky off with his fists, Steve stepped up to him from behind.
bloodied feathers lying in a circle around him, that wasn’t exactly easy to achieve.
* * *
“What happened?” he whispered, involuntarily taking a step closer. It had been the wrong move, though, because Bucky lunged for him.
Rhodey licked his lips and expelled another sigh. “Okay, I—I cannot frigging believe I have to say this, but: I’m NOT a homophobe! I don’t fucking CARE who likes who, alright?” He shot a warm smile in Carol’s direction, then stepped towards Tony. He put both hands down on his shoulders and stared down at him. “I know you are probably freaking out right now, so I will say it, very slowly, and very clear: You’re into boys, and I approve with all my heart. I was 99 percent sure you were crushing on…” Another millisecond-glance at Steve. “…someone. I don’t think differently of you, you’re still my best friend.” With that, he pulled him into a firm hug. Steve could see that it took Tony about a moment to let all of this sink in, before he eventually relaxes against Rhodes’ chest and hugged him back.
Steve’s jaw tightened. The look on his face betrayed him—the unmistakable guilt that suggested beyond reason that he was responsible for Tony’s state. For all his big talks at how Tony shouldn’t always blame things on himself, he sure wasn’t faring much better.
He knew it was sort of a dick move to ask Steve to elaborate on this in the middle of a fight, but Tony had never said he’d play fair. “Why not?” he asked quietly, his tone soft. He didn’t want to fight anymore. If Steve felt about risking Tony’s life the same way Tony did with Steve’s, they were at a clear stalemate.
“Since when?” Tony repeated and smiled amiably. “How about… since the first time you told me you love me?”
“I’m not freaking out! I’m—”
“You hurt me, too.” Her tone wasn’t accusing or angry, just very, very soft. He gave a slight nod, moving his head as much as her grip would allow. Her gaze was piercing; she only ever looked at him like that when she tried to read him. But there was no ulterior motive now. There was only…
“No… yes… goddammit, sorry, I’m so excited that I’m making myself sick.”
It didn’t help. Made things worse, actually. He fell forward on his hands and knees, hanging his head down. “Shit,” he breathed, shaking his head in hope of getting rid of the memories. “I’m having—just give me a minute.
Because… while Steve hadn’t
It took a moment for Steve to work through the innuendo. When he did, though, his eyes went wide. “You really believe I would think something like that?”
“Incognito,” Tony interrupted, casting the girl one of his dazzling smiles as he put a finger on his lips. “Just ignore us, please?”
Without hesitation, Tony took the Eye in hand, and twisted it the way Strange had shown him. Nothing happened, and Tony frowned as the room around him turned suddenly bright green. “Was that supposed to happen?” he asked, but when he looked at Strange for an answer, he saw lights coming right at him.
“You’re a presumptuous bastard,” Tony gasped and slowly walked them to the king-sized bed. “You didn’t even book a second room, did you?”
“Washington DC,” Ross went on and the feed switched to the moment when the Helicarriers in DC had fallen to the ground. And after that, a city rushed down to the earth. “Sokovia.” A building exploded, corpses lying on the ground. “Lagos.”
that would drown out his thoughts. He hadn’t wanted to consider what he would lose if Steve never returned to his side. If he couldn’t take back everything he had said that night in Siberia.
And with that, Steve felt the veils between Natasha and him fall. Standing in silence, the space between them occupied with measured breaths, it seemed he understood her at long last. They’d never been close. There had always been a Million’s secrets between them, a vacuum of unknown space, Steve had just been too blind to realize it.
Vision told him via their encrypted private line.
The door swung open before Steve could really think of what he'd say when he saw the people inside the room, but the guy who stepped out—tall, robust and scowling heavily—didn't even spare one glance in his direction, not even a hum of acknowledgement, before storming off.
Sam grinned. “Pretty sure it’s gonna be the other way around but, sure, I’ll have an eye on him.” With that, he gave Tony a final nod, then made his way to the exit that’d lead him to the patio.
“What happened?” Steve asked with a lost and very confused expression etched on his face now. His eyes flew over their forms, obviously checking for injuries, for blood, and coming up empty.
“Call me Natasha,” she said, smiling at him.
“We gotta go,” Tony said, and it might be wishful thinking, but Steve thought some of what he was feeling was reflecting in Tony’s gaze, too.
Steve frowned, glancing at him. “What do you mean?”
“I will,” he promised.
“Whatever it is you think you have to do,” Tony told Steve’s team, “you can run it by the UN once we’re home.” It was complete bullshit, of course, but exactly what Ross would want to hear.
Steve smiled. “No, I don’t.”
“They reinstated James’ suspension. He’s back under the radar,” Natasha told Steve as she sat down next to him. She passed him her phone. FRIDAY had gathered all intel and yeah, there was Bucky’s file, and he was once more benched, with a new entry of him participating in a potential ‘breach of the peace’ delict in South Korea.
“I know. I’m not trying to convince you to stay. I know you have to go. Just want to make sure you’re coming back in one piece. The guy kind of hates you.”
There was a beat of silence. Followed by awkward glances.
They walked closer to their makeshift debriefing room. T’Challa had temporarily disposed of one of his many living rooms, so they could have a place to talk and eat and watch movies in private. At first, Steve had kept reminding them that they couldn’t know if there were any bugs or cameras, and thus had to be careful what to do and say, but after a few weeks in, they had all agreed that T’Challa already had all the leverage on them he needed, and if he truly wanted to rat them out, he would.
Tony stopped. Then laughed softly. “What about that? You’re not supposed to
“Thank you,” Steve said and watched as the two slowly walked away. There was something about them, he thought absently. He’d met a few police officers back home, whenever he’d gotten in a fight, and those two, they seemed… different.
TS 11:55 P.M.>When I’m back home this stops, and if I have to kidnap you, so be it
Fortunately, Bruce, Rhodey, his profs and all of his classmates were used to his eccentric weirdness. Some irregular behavior didn’t even have them batting an eye anymore.
* * *
Bucky frowned at the question, then followed Steve’s gaze. “Don’t know, seems broken.”
“Not when it’s
For whatever reason, it hadn’t even occurred to him up until now that Tony might have fallen asleep outside as well. His senses hadn’t been attuned to his presence so far. He didn’t know what he had been expecting, when waking up next to Tony, but it wasn’t what he saw now.
But for Tony?
“Just like old times,” he replied. Natasha was right, of course. He rarely went to mission’s with the team these days. Everything was changing, but it seemed to be for the better. For a while.
“Gimme a sec,” Tony said, voice cutting through the dark silence of the cellar. “I need to get around his firewalls…” A pause. Almost two whole minutes passed before Tony spoke up again. “It’s a program for or choosing Project Insight’s targets.”
Natasha threw him a little smile. He vaguely remembered that she’d taken a few bad hits on the bridge, but she was already looking much better, though her face was still shadowed with bruises. She was dressed in a big black hunting jacket and a pair of men’s trousers. Her red hair hung messily around her face.
And anyway, first and foremost, the other Tony would have been glad to know he’d made it here, after everything that had happened. That they’d defeated Thanos. Together. Not without losses, but at the end of the day, Earth was still there, and when Tony looked through the windows of Steve’s and his bedroom, he’d see the Avengers logo gleaming in the sunlight.
Tony hummed, having a vague idea what Steve was going to ask. He licked his lips, both hands slowly running up and down Steve’s thighs. He could feel the muscles underneath the silky pajama material, and it was a bit hard to focus. “And what would that be?”
Why again had he thought it was a good idea to marry the biggest martyr of American history?
Tony nodded and took his hands from the arm. “Well, I hope that's over now. I’m done.”
“Stop at the lab,” Tony said before he’d even made the conscious decision to speak up. He couldn’t just leave like this, no matter how chaotic things had gotten in those last weeks. Rhodey he could call, sure, and he’d already invited Bruce to meet him at his lab in New York next week, but Steve…
Tony got a glimpse at the paper when Steve held it up in front of his face.
Steve slowly brushed a finger along Tony’s left temple. “Be careful, alright? Knowing that you and Vision will fight him where I can’t reach you… I don’t like it.”
it,” Tony echoed, his eyes widening. “Wait. You let me work on your
“Uh-uh,” Sam only said unintelligibly.
Why was Tony
“What?” Tony asked, voice breaking, suddenly overwhelmed by his own emotions. He was aware that the others were staring at them uncomfortably, but there wasn’t anything to be done about that. “‘Please Tony, let me give my life for this guy?’ Is that what you want my blessing for?”
He felt different, somehow.
That sounded… very easy.
It was… it was Steve reciprocating that he didn’t understand.
“I taught your kid about Marshmallows,” Tony pointed out. “Doesn’t that count for anything?”
“I don’t deserve to be in Steve’s team.”
Cap. As in
get him a bit sentimental. The prospect of starting a new year in your life while simultaneously keeping the good things… he was a sucker for new beginnings.
Tony groaned and pulled back. “Ugh! I knew it. There’s always a catch now. All the love is gone.”
knew this conversation was heading towards, that much he knew.
“If it was, it worked.”
Swallowing, Tony brushed a finger over the back of Steve’s hand. He wasn’t fully sure he knew what Steve was trying to say, because the thing he was hinting at couldn’t possibly be true.
When Steve walked into his motel room that night, his body felt worn and his muscles trembled with how much they’d changed. It wasn’t painful, exactly, it was just a little overwhelming. He was too big, his shoulders too broad, his limbs too long. It was hard to control his movements. Whenever he touched something, it creaked beneath his fingers as if it was a second away from breaking in two.
“Keep… looking…” Steve begged him and smiled when Tony nodded, his eyes remaining open even as their lips touched again.
Cooper, biting his lower lip, shook his head, only raising the plane a little higher, and that finally seemed to do the trick. “Nice plane you got there,” Tony said, crouching down in front of Cooper. “Want me to take a look?“
He felt himself shake and tremble and watched in absolute horror as he spent himself all over Tony’s expensive clothing.
“Uhm… yeah?”
seventeen fucking years old, Steve. I’m gonna
. He chuckled softly, brushing his fingers along Steve’s neck. “I’m good. Walking will be a challenge, but you only did what I asked for, so no need to worry.”
The longer Tony seemed to be here, back in his and Indries’ home, the more he seemed to be reminded of the severity of his loss, of the love he once had but that was gone now forever. Only at night would Tony smile at him, kiss him, and Steve would remember how Tony’s body felt against his own. How it felt when Tony was just
When King T’Chaka of Wakanda took stance at the podium, Steve had definitely lost track of time. He had been so deep in thought that he hadn’t even noticed Tony sitting back down next to him.
And he
Even after Ultron, even after they’d barely been able to hold themselves on their feet, Tony had seen Steve folding his uniform neatly, handing it over to Tony for a complete overhaul.
“Earth?” Steve guessed.
Steve tore Tony’s feet free of his shoes before shoving both pants and boxer briefs down. “I wish I wouldn’t have. Kept it from you, I mean. I’m—”
“There was an attack on the Vienna International Centre,” Steve told him.
is what I get.”
Tony closed his eyes and groaned inwardly. Good thing that he hadn’t been too cryptic about the whole thing. Goddammit. He owned about five books about ‘Open communication in a relationship’, every single one a gift from Pepper, of course. He probably should’ve given one of them a read by now.
Aside from the physical changes, Steve’s mind was stuck on replay. Despite the fact that he’d been preparing for Project Rebirth for weeks, everything had happened awfully fast. Every time Steve closed his eyes, he saw the scene again. He heard every word, felt every breath Erskine had left on his face as he’d whispered his last words, relived every second and was no better off for it.
sort of idea what it ‘costs’ me to know that I could’ve helped him for years?!”
Once Tony had pushed his fingers in, however, Steve felt his muscles tightening.
It was a battle of wills, Tony suspected. The implants were still trying to keep him on track—a mixture of sensory deprivation and indoctrination, molding him into the perfect assassin— while Barnes’ brain tried to force those memories back to the surface.
“Two. Your point?”
“Where do you want to go?”
Steve blinked. “So I’m a problem?”
That couldn’t be good, Steve thought with a distressed look at Tony’s eyes. He had a feeling that Tony was downplaying this a whole lot and couldn’t be bothered to hold back his worry. Tony was steadily
Steve sighed. “I—”
“That scowl is not very effective that way,” Tony pointed out, and cast a loving hand through Steve’s already messy hair. “Now suck me.”
The insult had no punch. Tony clearly wasn’t angry; rather, his entire being almost thrummed with energy.
As if Steve wasn’t already his.
Staring at him, Steve let the words sink in. He could understand Tony wasn't exactly happy about the whole ordeal, but he honestly didn't expect a total rejection. He swallowed once, then looked down at the ring in his palm. It was a titanium alloy recommended by FRIDAY, a simple, smoothed out band. Steve had figured Tony wouldn't want anything more sophisticated to get in the way of his work. And now it was rendered useless.
Natasha was kinda out of it, but she brought a shaking hand down, gasping a second later. They moved in a perfect rhythm, back and forth, and Bucky moaned when her inner walls gripped him tight as she came. The words ‘I love you’ were spilling out when he came as well. He probably said something that was close to her name but came out as mostly growling, and collapsed on top of her, both of them swallowing gulps of air.
They’d booked another motel room for him this night. It was even one of the nicer ones, with clean linen sheets and a radio on the small table next to a reading chair. When Steve walked into the bathroom, holding his toothbrush under the water, his mind kept drifting off. He brushed his teeth, but his thoughts were far away. Only two days ago, he’d thought that maybe he could make a difference. That he, and the many other super soldiers could bring this war to an end, right the many wrongs out there, but now he… didn’t know which way to turn.
He and Tony’d had a quiet moment with Sharon earlier that afternoon; there had been hugs and some almost-tears and horrendous jokes on Tony’s part because that’s what he does.
“Fuck. That’s more than we expected,” Steve said.
Steve hummed, glancing at the clock. Tony was right, it wasn’t even past nine. “Where would you have us go?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve could see Bucky take aim with his sniper rifle on top of the bridge, and in the next second, both front tires burst, and the truck veered sideways, without once running the risk of toppling. Instead, the truck came to a skittering halt, and moved no further.
A powerful breath seized command of him. “I’m… not sure how to deal with that. When I came here… I come from a world where we ended up fighting each other. I never imagined something like this could happen.”
. “Steve, goddamnit, could you
“Me neither,” Tony said on a low breath. He leaned up a bit from where he lay cuddled against Steve’s side. He smiled down at him, and pressed a kiss against Steve’s cheek.
“I’ve been busy,” he said evasively. “Didn’t really have the time to change.”
He began moving in slow, temperate strokes. Allowing Steve to adjust to the rhythm of their bodies moving together, of the feel of Tony inside him. He didn’t even feel the need to slam into him hard and fast. This was better. What they’d done in the gym was wild and magnificent in its own way, but this… this was closeness, and intimacy, and honeyed bliss.
A long, unwavering beat at that. “No,” Bucky said eventually, and there was the beginning of a grin tugging at the corners of his mouth. “Just need to wrap my head around it. A Stark. You’re filthy rich now, aren’t you?”
Natasha was sitting on the couch in the middle of the common living room. She had her legs crossed and cast Tony one of her patented ‘unimpressed looks’. Bucky was sprawled on the reading chair next to her, flipping through the TV channels, not sparing Tony any attention, and Rhodes and Bruce were sitting on a couch a little further away. They were both sporting equally amused smiles as they regarded Tony’s fidgeting, jittery form.
“Yeah man, you look
“Mister Rhodes… there’s a body.”
“You know, if this works, we maybe don’t walk away,” Tony called and heard Thor grunt in agreement.
Bucky looked at Tony with a deep frown on his face. He opened his mouth a few times, seemingly not sure if the way Tony’s eyes could apparently just change their color was something he should be wondering about, since it seemed to be completely normal as far as everyone else was concerned.
“I don’t wanna fight tonight,” Tony told him quietly. “I’m exhausted, and you must be, too.”
“It’s not that interesting,” Bucky said, making it sound as firm as he possibly could. Which wasn’t much, because if Steve had at last found a girl, he
What was happening? Was that Tony’s doing?
Tony snorted. “Thinking a bit highly about yourself, huh? Yeah, Steve, it’s gonna fit. You’re just gonna have to spread me first.”
“You and Hammer couldn’t be more different if you tried,” Steve pointed out.
,” he called.
Captain America, that couldn’t be all that comfortable. He tried to move, but only managed a pitiful try at rolling off of Steve, and by the time he geared his body for a second try, Steve had already wrapped an arm around him.
“I’m not going to ask anything from you,” he managed to say. “I certainly won’t ask you to stay away from your own home. I just need some time for myself, and after that… I—I want to make it work.”
“It wasn’t cold blood,” he said, staring at him. “You’re not a murderer.”
The words arose behind Steve’s eyes. He saw him grasp them. Wrestle them down. It was a road much traveled. Tony knew every turn, every twist, every crack in Steve’s mind. Every tiny imperfection. Every stop. Every turning point. And right now, he was trying not to fall apart.
Clint glanced at him, then shook his head. “Not sure yet, we’ll see. I have to make a few calls.”
“Man, you look like someone died,” Sam said, frowning. “What
“Never gonna happen,” he whispered and leaned in to press a short and sweet kiss on Tony’s lips.
Tony hummed, his gaze analyzing. This was by far the most handsy they’d been with each other, and Steve felt his heartbeat quicken.
There was so much left to do. So much to accomplish. With Stark Industries, with Obi, the board. He knew he was too young to really get things in motion yet, and that meant he had to be patient, something that hadn’t exactly been his forte, so far. But with Steve at his side, well… for the first time, he felt it was safe to take a proverbial breath and analyze the hurdles set in his path. To plan for all those little obstacles, and to… change things.
. I’d like to think we don’t need the formalities anymore, don’t you? Stop this ‘Mister Stark’ bullshit.”
Instead, he might as well do what it offered.
Sitting up in bed, he gazed around the room through eyes only half open, trying to identify the origin of that dream killing caterwauling. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and tried to make them focus. His gaze moved past the window front, around the couch, up and down the bookshelves, past the cradle and—
Now that he was so close, Steve realized that Tony was much smaller than him—which was
If Tony would look sideways, he was sure Steve was looking at him like some cute Golden Retriever pub. Life was so unfair.
Burying his face in Tony's neck, Steve hastened the pace just a little more, following the telltale hints in Tony's voice and the way he moved, until the tension was unbearable, and when Tony finally climaxed it was beyond what Steve could contain, and he followed suit. The rippling muscles around him and the all-but-writhing form under him were all the incentive he could ever hope for.
Tony could pinpoint the exact second when the guilt took hold of Steve’s heart, his mind racing with thoughts of what he’d done for Barnes to look like that—which wounds had been his own fault.
“Do you want me to?” Bucky asked evasively. “Wasn’t sure you trusted me in the field, yet.”
Tony sighed, tilting his head back. “No,” he said. “And he doesn’t need to. No reason to put this on him, too. Barnes… it’s eating him up. Barnes won’t talk to him, or acknowledge him. It’s… I just need to give Barnes the chance to get his head out of his ass. For Steve’s sake.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said after a moment, his voice very soft. “My mind’s blank.”
At that taunt, Tony could practically feel Ultron’s wrath tremble through his code lines, and his attention zeroed in on him. Something inside Ultron changed then, a decision forming.
“What about him?” Clint asked.
The others were still inside the farmhouse, dressing and gearing up and discussing last details. Bucky seemed to be thrilled being at the heart of Steve’s plan, while Natasha, Sam and Clint had quietly left the room to get into their uniforms. Thor was still off literally doing god-knows-what. Bruce had not really talked to him since the party at the Tower, but Steve had assured him that Big Green was in on the game plan. He was probably just gun-shy about seeing Tony after their one-on-one in Wakanda.
They kissed for what felt like hours, and Steve realized how long they hadn’t done that. To simply kiss, and breathe each other in. There was never enough time. Once they pulled apart, both grinning like loons, Steve let himself fall back on the bed. Lying side by side, he blindly grabbed Tony’s hand and held it against his chest.
He put on his helmet, and with a timely gust of wind, the rear hatch blew open. Natasha slowly edged closer to him. He was close to the Quinjet’s opening now, where the noise was at its loudest.
“It just
Steve’s breath caught when Tony reached for his hand and pressed its palm against his mouth, kissing it. His other hand brushed the material of his uniform top, pausing at the darkened star in the middle of it.
Landing on his feet, Steve quickly raced to where the chip had fallen. As soon as he got his fingers around the device, though, Bucky shot at him and Steve barely had the time to raise his shield to block the bullet.
“Also, Steve’s probably never been to a ball, have you?” Happy asked him, raising a brow. “If it’s your first ball, we have to do it right.”
A muscle was ticking in Ross’s cheek. “And yet, the little chips in his head control his behavior. One wrong word, and he might go back to killing.” Ross spoke to Steve, but his eyes were focused on Phil, obviously believing him the more reasonable of the two.
“The only way,” Steve echoed, his voice carefully blank. He slowly turned to face the hangar, paused, then glanced back to Tony. “If that’s how it is.”
“Before you say anything,” Tony started with a firm yet gentle voice, holding up a finger and pointing it towards Steve’s chest, “I feel obligated to tell you that—the tracker in your uniform? Stays. Forever. And no, you don’t get a veto.”
. He’d only read it once but Steve’s words had burned themselves into his memory and that last line especially was on constant replay. Need him? Why should he possibly
It still felt anything but a victory. Because when all of this was over, Steve would have to leave them.
“Don’t jinx it,” Tony said. He reached for his other phone—the one that wasn’t embarrassingly outdated. “I’ll let you clean up in peace. Gotta make a call.”
“Everything alright with you?” Steve asked.
“Who were they?”
There was a thin layer of dust covering everything down here, and Steve knew without fault that Tony hadn’t been here since his wife died.
know this place. It was just that a lot of things rang foreign. He was in the living room at the New Avengers Facility. The couches were different, though, and so were the floor, the curtains and the rest of the furniture. Only a few things were familiar. The African artwork Bruce had put next to one of the coffee tables, for example, but on its left was now a big TV screen and a truly impressive sound system had been added.
“You’ll like it,” Steve promised him. “And I’ll be very careful. As you were with me.”
Accepting the water, Steve forced himself to ignore the pointed distance Tony had put between them. It only made sense he would be wary of Steve's reactions after last time, wasn't it? He tried to tell himself it didn't sting.
Next chap :) You guys still here? This chap is decidedly fluffy and maybe a bit cheesy, be warned! This is also the second to last chap and the last one with a Bucky POV. I haven't written an epilogue yet, but I figure there's gonna be one. I will tag the series as complete after Hold My Hand, but I do hope I'll find my muse to write the next AoU part, because I think that movie would be great with a bit Stony love involved.
Tony moaned lowly. “It’s a Christmas miracle.”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony replied. No one would believe the alternative, anyway.
There was a shadow on Tony’s face, a shadow of the most potent sorrow Steve had ever seen. He drew back his hands, tightening them to fists at his sight. “Steve…” he started, voice trembling in a matter that Steve never heard from him before. “I
Tony shuffled uncomfortably, the weight that was suddenly planted on his shoulders bearing down on him. “You’re putting a lot on faith, here.”
Tony grimaced, then stared at the ceiling briefly. “Fine,” he said. “It’s gonna be hell to have Ross agree to this, but I’ll manage. Compromise first, sign later.”
“You’re right,” Steve said, “thanks for pulling him out, Thor. When his signal died, I…” He trailed off, shaking his head at the memory.
Steve was moving again, and at first Tony thought he was coming back to himself, but
God, Tony had failed him. Steve had given him everything—even his life. And Tony had given him nothing. Only a resentful heart, a stony purpose and iron contempt. In his self-absorption he had never tried to make amends properly, had never tried to get over all the bitterness.
“There’s always a choice. Always.”
“You okay?” Tony asked with a worried frown. His brow pressed to his, his eyes closed reverently. His small grasp teasing him to lengths Steve hadn’t thought possible.
Fury leaned back again. “Do you have a theory as to what the terribly important thing involved?”
This was definitely the better kind of workout, he decided. Barely a minute had passed since he left Tony’s side, and yet his skin tingled as though still brushing intimately against him. His nostrils were flooded with Tony’s scent. He was all around him. Inescapable. And even with so little space separating them, he already felt the burden of detachment.
“They’ll be fine in an hour.”
A door opened, spilling light into the room. The sight of Steve made Tony’s breath catch—and his foggy brain remembered. Right, this wasn’t his timeline. There was no FRIDAY, no lonely tower, no thousands of dead people weighing on his conscience.
The word sounded ridiculously cheesy to his ears, but it didn’t make it any less true. He’d thought, on some level, their few shared nights would have prepared him for this, but he was wrong. So incredibly wrong. And now that he was inside Tony, Steve felt at last that he did own him—at least a small part.
"You know I can," Steve said lowly, his hands finally tracing down to Tony's pants and undoing them in one quick movement. He wondered idly how much of his control he could let go of, and briskly shoved the rest of Tony’s clothes down his thighs. His hand smoothed along Tony's dick, but didn't linger. After dropping another kiss onto Tony's lips, he reached both hands to Tony's bare ass and pulled him against himself.
Steve blinked rapidly. Tony was telling
Barnes nodded. “Right. But even so… he made that choice knowing it would break him.”
Why would he dream of someone like that? There sure as heck were other troubles on his mind right now.
.” Tony’s eyes clouded with nameless emotion. He simply couldn’t think of the impact his actions were bound to have on both Steve and him. There was either amnesty or condemnation. “Love just complicates things. What if we break up badly? It could split the team up right back again.”
Whatever Steve was expecting to see when he walked into the Avengers’ living room quarters a few days later, it certainly hadn’t been this. Clint and Sam stood at his side, and they all came to a stop at the same time, staring at the scene in front of them.
Steve’s own mouth was pressing feverish kisses against the skin at his throat. Christ, he ached in all the right places. It was time to stop thinking and just go with it. In that moment, Tony yanked his shirt over Steve’s head. Once his chest was bared to him, Tony pulled at his nipples, and dared to nip down and lick at one of them.
“Thanks,” Steve said, though his heart wasn’t in it. It was a nice thought, surely, but it didn’t change the fact that Tony had fallen in love with Indries—and not with Steve. “And how… how’d she die?”
They parted and Tony breathed Steve’s name, drawing his eyes to him. He stilled a little at that, battling back the multitude of ‘I love you’s that fought his mouth and will for release. Fought the urge in his arms to take Steve into a desperate embrace and beg him to stay out of this. Instead, he traced a finger over Steve’s jaw, his neck—unable to stop touching. “Be careful. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
The only thing missing was the abstract painting on the wall and the wooden easel in the corner. Otherwise, it was one hundred percent their room. The motel room in which they’d met in their dreams. Only it had never been a motel room. It had been Tony’s bedroom, all along.
That was all the urging he required. Steve prowled up his body with a slow smile, and entered Tony’s hole with two fingers, pushing them in slowly and spreading them as soon as they were seated. He took his time, pouring more lube, scissoring and circling, adding a third finger eventually.
, Tony sent back.
—battling with Tony’s hands. “You’re not stupid. Just drunk. Too drunk. Let’s wait until you sober up a bit, alright?”
“Are you happy?” Tony asked.
Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s not about holding up, and…
It didn’t matter, though. Steve didn’t stop. He walked right out of the room without looking back once. He practically ran up the stairs and into the bright daylight waiting for him outside.
And Steve missed him. He missed him so much. They had become friends so fast and Tony was… such a great guy. He was the most intelligent person Steve had ever met, and he got so
and no one else’s.
“What is that?” Steve took the tablet Tony’d offered, glancing at it quickly. His expression didn’t change much when his eyes scanned the lines. Only the telltale twitch in his jaw showed that he’d immediately grasped what exactly this was about. “Where’d you get this?” he asked quietly.
And if that last one was the case, Steve sure had gotten the lion’s share.
“What happened to Extremis?” Bruce asked, lingering.
A moment passed, and Steve decided to let actions speak. It wouldn't be the first time he worked on nothing but instinct. Moving slowly so Tony wouldn't be surprised and could stop him if he wanted to, Steve reached to hug him.
“Roadrunner,” Natasha supplied on a chuckle.
“Yeah.” Steve sighed. Did they fly slower than usual? It felt as if they should’ve arrived home a long time ago. “I hate this radio silence,” he murmured sullenly.
you sort of ruined my game, so you better pay the fare.”
He reached for her hand, delicately caressing her knuckles with his thumb. “I’m sorry about what I said earlier… when I found out. You’re a good friend, and you care. I know that…”
Tony turned around. “Figure out a way?” he echoed with sorrow in his voice. “You really don’t get it, do you? There
. He blinked, and time slowed down, stretched, until one second seemed to contain the entire universe.
He was going out of his mind.
, Steve wanted to say. Followed by:
He had to remember that face. Golden hair. Blue eyes.
“Why?” Tony snapped. “You obviously got everything you wanted from him already and—“
When Tony’s hands pressed into his ass, Steve bit his shoulder involuntarily, and his whole body jerked as he groaned aloud.
Here, the lighting bounced off the clean surfaces, the white tiles, and it made Steve squint. The blinding glare of it took him back to those moments when he’d been sure he’d die in that explosion. Before many had to die so he wouldn’t.
Steve nodded his head jerkily, eyes still a little dazed from his climax. He was so lost in the feel of Tony’s fingers pushing into him, that he could barely form a decent thought. It was only when his hips were instinctively moving downwards to meet Tony’s fingers—little jerky motions to get more pressure—, that he realized how
And slept.
* * *
Releasing his fingers from Tony's body, Steve turned to look down between them. Experienced as he may be, Tony looked like he might break if Steve made the wrong move. He knew that wasn't the case, but still felt it in his gut. He knew he'd be going slow for a while.
“Because I can’t just abandon you, you idiot,” Steve retorted. “I’m staying. Get used to it.”
“Where?”
“Yeah… Tony.”
“Yes,” Steve confirmed. “I didn’t know anything could feel so—”
“Then I’ll take the goddamn dare.”
. Steve had to remind himself more often than he cared to admit. It just seemed so surreal. It still felt as if he’d met Peggy only short of five years ago. She’d been so vibrant and full of life, so determined to make the future hers. And he’d missed it.
A wave of contentedness accompanied Tony upon awakening. He’d been dozing on and off for the better part of the morning, relishing in Steve’s warmth and the way he had himself wrapped around Tony fully.
“I’m not. But—as I told you, it really does take two to tango, and had I treated you differently, you might have decided that talking about it to me beforehand would’ve been a better option.”
Sam nodded, obviously a little dazed. After a moment, he stepped closer, casting a pointed look down on Steve. “Tell him I expect to see him ready for our morning run, soon.”
himself on me if he tried.”
It all worked beautifully in theory. Steve’s plans always did.
He cupped Steve’s face, leaning in a little, as always leaving it to him if he wanted to kiss right after. But Steve only smiled and tugged him in, no reservation whatsoever as Tony opened his mouth to deepen the kiss.
loved her. Not then, not now.” He looked back at him. “My heart’s always been yours. Since the day we first met.”
“We always try to be honest with you, Cap,” Clint said, and they all looked at him cautiously. He was perched at the ready, studying Steve with shades of worry. As though Steve was a nuclear explosion waiting to happen. A particularly deep exhale left Clint’s lips, before he continued, “I know you think this is about us being trained for espionage, and sure, yeah, that’s always a part of who we are. There’s stuff I wouldn’t tell either of you, ever, and if I
Steve frowned at that, sitting up slightly. “How did the meeting go?”
* * *
“But—”
When Steve eventually got his bearings, and went inside, the look Tony gave him all but froze his insides. A look, and nothing more. He sat on the sofas, his tablet dangling on his knees. He looked like shit, to be honest—still attractive, but obviously hung-over. He also looked ready to say something but evidently decided against it, standing up instead to walk intently to the back room and locking himself away.
“No, but the guy loves you and accepts all your antics. Steve’s a keeper, don’t argue with me.”
They were living in a skewed world and they all knew it. And Tony, like the rest, did nothing to break free.
Natasha herded Tony on, nodding her acknowledgment at Steve. “Bring him home.”
Steve paused, rubbing a hand over his face. “No, I’m just…”
Fury nodded, slowly. “I have tried to access the project data on SHIELD’s servers.”
Tony's hair was soft against his fingers, and he moved in earnest, quick pumping motions that left Steve breathless. "Your tongue…"
“Someone else?” Steve repeated, his tone urgent. “What are you talking about?”
Steve frowned. Well, that hurt. He’d thought… he’d thought they could start into this new life together. “So you don’t want to have your high school sweetheart around, is that it?”
“Tony’s done a lot for us this past year,” Steve added, feeling the need to say this—because time travel and all of its consequences aside, he’d wanted to make them understand for a long time. “The fact that we can live here now shows how much. And we haven’t given him any credit for it. I want to change that.”
He shoved Bucky into the car against Sam, who was just turning the ignition. Raising his shield, Steve took a steadying breath, then threw it into the air. The shield flew a perfect arc and hit four—five—policemen, before dipping a bit lower and slashing a few car tires. After grabbing the shield when it flew back to him, Steve swiftly kicked the door shut. The sudden sound was like a starter pistol and on the next beat, the cat man had jumped onto the hood once more.
He smiled. “Audrey,” he said, and for reasons beyond him, he raised a hand and brushed a strand of hair out of her face. “He called you Audrey.”
He’d known, even as he’d agreed to go with Tony, that the shadow of Tony’s great first love would forever be a part of his life. Tony had truly loved his wife—everyone had said so. Even Mister Hammer. He’d loved her immensely, had even wanted to take his life because he hadn’t been able to handle the grief any longer.
“Scandalous,” Tony replied with a laugh. There was a dangerous glint in Steve’s eyes and Tony shot him an equally challenging gaze.
Natasha leaned over him, too, Clint and Thor behind her. “Is he going to make it?” Thor asked softly.
Tony didn’t say anything in return. In that moment, he didn’t need to. Steve felt his love everywhere. All around them. And in his heart.
“But that’s not what we will do. Not what we decide,” Natasha objected. “Is it?”
He folded his arms and hugged himself. “Isn’t that enough?”
Behind them, the hangar was going up in flames. Spider-Man was quickly ushering everyone out, but Tony couldn’t move. Steve was currently carting his best friend to safety, and all in all, everything had worked out as they had planned. Everyone had made it out. They could stop Zemo from doing whatever it was he wanted to do. They could save the world once more, whether it wanted to be saved or not.
,” Steve said, and he’d meant it to sound hopeful, but somehow, it had Tony’s smile falter.
Steve barely spent ten minutes in his old apartment before he hit the road again. He only packed a few more clothes and got a bit of cash, then slipped on his leather jacket and rolled his bike out of the underground garage.
They were dancing. Slow and meaningful among a hundred faces Steve couldn’t care less about in this moment. They were dancing. He held Tony close and couldn’t take a breath without inhaling his scent. Couldn’t move but for the feel of him. Dancing was something he’d never gotten to do. A representation of something he had always admired but never knew how it would feel. It could mean so many things in one glorious step. They danced well together. Even in this, Tony was his equal. There was no one who came before him, and no one who could ever take his place.
What was going on here?
There was silence on the comm lines, and Steve frowned as he changed to their private line with a tap to his earbud. “Tony?”
The pulse at Tony’s wrist was beating in rapid staccato against Steve’s fingertips and he counted to ten, before he spoke up again.
“Doesn’t look like a weapon,” Steve said. “Is it a… light bulb?”
He had wanted to meet Howard’s son, either way—even though he’d initially worried a bit that his efforts to find Steve would come with certain demands. But so far, he had never even showed up here, so Steve had likely been wrong about that.
“—don’t threaten the board. Yeah, I got it.” He smiled reassuringly at her and leaned back in his chair, keeping one hand entwined with hers.
Tony nodded, racing at Ultron and throwing him to the ground. It didn’t last long; just long enough for him to land a few brutal punches before Ultron tossed him off.
Vision stroked his chin in serious thought, nodding. “Yes, of course.”
“Your uniform,” he informed him.
Then, he paused.
“Understood.”
“You almost got me with that!” Clint said, scandalized.
Steve frantically reached for his shield when the man leaped over the top of the hood to get to Bucky at the other side of the car
“We have an appointment with the board, my boy,” Obi told him absently, sitting down and starting the car. “Don’t forget your seatbelt, don’t want our wonderboy to get hurt, do we?”
“No. You go to MIT. You’ve worked hard for this. My meeting with Fury can wait, I’ll go. And I’ll take—” Steve frowned, looked back to Natasha. “Is Clint back yet?”
Steve sat back down, took hold of Tony’s chin and forced him to look at him. “What. Happens. With. Us?”
He watched Steve warily, before rising up on his toes and pressing his lips against Steve’s. Fuck it, he couldn’t let Steve go while they were fighting. It didn’t matter that he was angry now—Steve’s head needed to be clear and they could still argue about this afterwards. At the first touch of their lips Steve sank into him, one arm wrapping tightly around Tony’s waist as Steve’s other hand touched his neck, holding him close.
Rhodey stared at him, and everything in his face translated to ‘No chance, buddy’. “So it’s true?” he asked. “You guys are actually doing this?”
,” Steve said as he pointed his finger on the address on the pamphlet, “Hey, that’s a haunted house!”
Steve smiled briefly, just a flash of teeth, then tilted his head. “He’s not the only one.”
Clint grinned. “Right.”
“Please,” Steve said, his hands still buried in Tony’s wings, holding him near.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted softly. “You understand that you’re the only one I’m planning to have sex with?”
Thor looked at him squarely. “It will, yes. The Ofrous Pollen is a powerful ingredient, one with a unique power in the Nine Realms. Hogun confided that the memories the Ofrous brought back are very persistent, so it is likely that you will not forget what you have seen. A glance into your former lives is bound to leave you changed.” He glanced up at Steve and smiled reassuringly. “But I am certain you are all strong enough to handle that knowledge.”
Steve rolled his eyes at the slightly hysterical tone in Tony's voice. As if he'd care how Tony had gotten to his island. As if that dimmed the time they'd spent there after their wedding. As if that could possibly be worse than what Tony had done with Ultron.
She couldn’t know how wrong she was, of course, but her eyes were full of kindness.
“Yes. I mean—I miss coffee. I can’t tell you how much I miss coffee. And I could do without the storms and the rain, but… there are always so many demands and expectations. People keep pushing and prodding at me. Won’t leave me alone.” He gave him a curious look. “You don’t push. You’re… you want the most from me—from everyone. But you don’t push.”
All at once, everything came back into focus—the sights and sounds of the hallucination all but gone. The elevator’s door had opened, that’s where the sound had come from. Steve shook his head, pulling himself from the wall and panting heavily. What had just happened? A massive pain settled between his temples, and he reached up to pinch the bridge of his nose as he stumbled out of the elevator.
“Oh, get your mind out of the gutter, Romanov,” Tony said, inwardly banging his head on the counter top.
“Alright then,” Tony announced, smiling brightly at Thor. “Great work with the antidote. Glad this one’s solved. Go team! Bruce, keep a few of them for testing, yeah?”
“I had a plan,” Steve said. “Just because you decided to blow the whole thing…”
. “Go help him. I understand. I do.”
Steve had always thought that there was something effortless and liberated in the way Tony moved in the suit, and looking at him now, as he climbed those trees, Steve realized, maybe for the first time, how much of that was actually Tony—and not Iron Man.
* * *
And he had a new mission.
And Tony… truly was a work of art. He sinfully moved on top of him, head flung back, his eyes closed, body arching even further, his hands running all over Steve, fingers raking down Steve’s chest, his arms, drawing angry red lines all over him.
He double-checked Steve’s code to make sure it was still working and alerted FRIDAY, before he sat down on the chair next to Ian’s bed. The poor guy was holding his new teething toy close to him, mouthing at it, but it was easy to see he wasn’t about to fall asleep any time soon.
He was about to raise both hands and signal them that they wouldn’t make any problems, when, behind them, Steve saw the cat man running out of the house.
that. But he hated having a problem on his hands and not being able to do anything about it.
“Does that include lottery numbers?” Clint asked on a grin.
They would have forever for everything else. To deal with Ross, to find answers to all those numerous questions, to be the heroes this world needed. It was a cool November evening, and for the first time in what seemed an eternity, Steve’s life was cushioned in solace. Bucky cast him a smile when he noticed Steve looking, and Tony was slowly falling asleep in his arms.
“We’d just defeated Thanos,” he explained. “Stephen Strange wanted to scatter the stones, but something went wrong.”
Tony huffed. “Yeah, of course those freeloaders are excited. It’s an awesome idea—it’s
There was a very long, very heavy silence, and Steve watched as Tony’s mouth opened in disbelief. “The
“Tony…” Steve said, then, with a pained sort of undertone. “I can’t do that.”
No way.
"I want to, don't get me wrong, but it's just…" His eyes fell a little lower than Tony's face, and he stared unseeing as he spoke. "I just need some time to… understand what I saw, I guess?" Finally, he looked away entirely, letting a small smile rise to his face. "I appreciate the offer, though. Might take you up on it later."
“I do,” Steve agreed immediately. “And… I know it’s a little stupid, but it almost feels like he had a part in the wedding after all, you know?”
Tony rubbed a hand over his forehead. “
Veronica had just handed him over to Tony half an hour ago, a guilty expression on her face when Ian had started to throw yet another tantrum.
“Now,” Stane said as he sat down on one of the empty chairs. He flashed a confident smirk at Jarvis. “Tell me, old man, does that sound like the note of a woman who had made up her mind to kill herself?”
And then… well. Considering had become longing really fast, and by now, he was positively aching for Tony,
He tuned out the muffled sound of their voices. He didn’t know what exactly had happened in Vienna. He knew the German GSG9 task force had been involved, and that there had been gunshots, and a mysterious guy in a goddamn cat-suit—Tony had barely understood what Ross had been ranting about when he had called half an hour ago. It was almost like they’d been having two or three different conversations at the same time.
Steve’s long strides came to a screeching halt as Bucky appeared out of nowhere. The mask was gone now, exposing an empty face with even emptier eyes. They were simply blank, as if someone had pulled out a plug and all the color, and everything that had made Bucky who he was, had swirled down through a hole inside him.
Steve thought he probably agreed, but he couldn’t be sure. Raw spasms quaked through his body, and he did his best to keep rubbing himself against Tony’s hand. A long and decidedly high-pitched whimper tore through the air and Steve jerked Tony to his chest, crushing his free arm around his middle and burying his face in the crook of his throat.
They sat back down on the couch, and Tony needed moments like these, when they used to open a beer each and talk about everything and and nothing. As if reading Tony’s thoughts, Rhodey walked over to the small fridge and came back with two cokes.
Tony held up a hand. “You don’t have to explain anything to me, Steve. So you’re saying no, that’s fine.”
, was strangely humbling.
Steve once more settled on his knees before him, propping himself between Tony’s legs. “Tony,” he called softly, “I don’t hate you.”
"Thank you."
The words, once they left Steve’s lips, made Tony freeze. And Steve’s heart sank as he watched Tony’s handsome face drain of all color. He suddenly looked like he had at the day on the cliff in Monte Carlo. Staring into the ocean beneath his feet, his own demons urging him to end his life then and there.
he thought, detecting a touch of distaste on that round face,
“Feels pretty crazy to me,” Steve admitted.
There was a part of him that had forgotten color. He’d been confined to the darkness for so long that color itself seemed an abstract concept.
“Sir, it seems Sergeant Barnes suffers through another relapse.”
Steve’s arms tightened around him. “You said something about, uh, lube, the other day?”
Oh God, his head was spinning. Next to him, he saw Tony struggle, clearly bewildered as first Pepper then Rhodey pulled him to his feet and hugged him.
“Alright,” Fury said. “But can you tell me one thing: Why were the seacocks open?”
Steve’s throat tightened. He really shouldn’t be here. But now it was too late for that.
“Steve?”
His tongue ran several laps along Steve’s cock, licking him clean, his eyes refusing to leave him. When he was done, he brushed a last kiss on the tip and straightened back up.
“If we do this, there’s no going back,” he told the others, after a first greeting, then turned to Scott. “We’re outside the law on this one. So, if you come with us, you’re a wanted man.”
“I don’t
The elevator dinged, and Steve held up a hand, signaling to stop all conversations—thankfully—on the matter. When they stepped out and walked around the first corner, they came face to face with a wounded and pale-looking Helen Cho. The lab around them was a mess, glass shards and destroyed lab equipment all over the floor.
from you, too, I hope.”
SR 11:42 P.M.>Gn8, Tony
“He likes me,” he repeated, then frowned. “He does, huh?”
Not when he knew what awaited him after.
There was a sigh of concession. “Fine. What ‘business’?”
“I’d prefer if you didn’t,” Steve answered with a little soft bite to Tony’s left nipple, forcing an embarrassingly high-pitched whelp out of Tony’s throat.
Steve hazarded a slow step forward, hands coming up so Tony would see he was weaponless. He came to a stop in front of the large window front. This room was the only one with no broken glass. If you sat down right here, staring into the forest beyond, ignoring all of those craters in the grass, you could almost imagine that nothing had happened and the facility was still intact. You could almost believe that their hate hadn’t destroyed it all.
“Jarvis…” Tony warned, though it sounded too affectionate to have any real bite. And Steve had a feeling Jarvis was much more than a butler to Tony. He also knew in that moment that he and Jarvis would get along just fine.
Tentatively, Steve laid a hand on Tony’s shoulder to get his attention. That got him a questioning stare, and Steve opened his mouth to speak, to ask Tony once more if he was all right, when he noticed it. Tony was
“It’s not a list. It’s a
No, Steve was standing firm, and gradually, Tony began to realize that there was every chance he wouldn’t budge in the slightest.
Even as he spoke, he already saw it: the tightness in Tony’s face, the furrowed brow. It was then that Steve realized that yesterday hadn’t been about them overcoming their differences, or them becoming friends again. Tony was only trying to get by, deal with this in the adult way, and get this over with as fast as he could.
Without waiting another second, Steve bent down. He pulled Ian against his chest, peppering kisses over his face with a smiling mouth. His body suddenly seemed to thrive with life, as Ian molded perfectly against him.
been prepared for that, but between regrouping, getting information on the Maximoff twins, making rough plans,
“Yeah, yeah. I know,” Tony replied and wrapped both arms around Steve’s middle, stepping closer. “Forgive a sorry old man?”
They had talked about Siberia once before. It had been before Bucky had met Natasha, somewhere during the fifties and nineties—dates and timespans in Bucky’s mind were still fuzzy at best—and Bucky had told him about his training, and him training others. The memories hadn’t been quite as clear, but the horror of it all hadn’t been lost on Steve.
“I loved you so much,” Tony said, and didn’t even cringe at the words, because with all of those memories settling in his head, it was the truest thing he had ever known.
He closed his fingers around Tony’s and stroked the back of his hand. “Have I ever thanked you?”
“Теперь всё кончено,” she murmured. “Больше никто не будет за тебя решать.”
what I was trying to say is… My opinion on a lawsuit like this might not change, no matter how often you travel back in time, but… you changed everything else. Don’t you see? We’re all still here. Together. We’re a team.”
Steve’s body had frozen completely, and he could only listen as Tony went on.
Barnes’ gaze narrowed, and Tony felt his patience beginning to ebb. “Look, I get it,” hecontinued. “You don’t care—about any of this. Can’t say that surprises me. But—”
Tony sighed heavily as he let his head hang low, straining to maintain some level of control. “What do you want?”
“You should tell him, though,” Bucky said, his face serious.
“Oh!”
“Look who’s awake,” he whispered conspiratorially, looking down on his son who was watching him with his big blue eyes. “And you didn’t even tell us. Admit it, daddy told you when it’s his turn for morning duties, huh, buddy? What did he bribe you with for sleeping through, more cuddles than papa?”
Given the amount of people confined to such a small space, the noise level should have been deadly. However, Sam’s kitchen was eerily silent.
[Vision] [chat_server:46958]
Well, damn. He’d known it’d come down to this, of course, but it didn’t make the dilemma they were in now any less severe.
And even if he wasn’t dead, he was lost to some different time—
Another two weeks without seeing each other. Christ, he’d really started to hate this long-distance relationship thing. He’d known it wouldn’t be easy, of course—being away from Tony rarely was—but he hadn’t thought he would feel this bad about it.
It shouldn’t feel good to hear the man’s voice again, the rational part of Tony’s brain knew that. And yet, Tony had to close his eyes for a moment, forcing his heartbeat to go the fuck down.
* * *
“I love you,” Tony said, smiling softly. “Remember that. You and I… we
come on, wake up. Wake up!”
Steve sighed. “I’m tired, Tony. I’ve come to the end of my rope with you. I thought we were becoming friends again, I thought you were maybe ready to try and be in a team with me. But then you completely pushed me away and I just… I think it’s better if I leave for good.”
“Do you know where the twins are?” Natasha called to Tony as they ran out of the Quinjet. “Are they scattered or are they congregated somewhere?”
No idea whatsoever.
Tony nodded, leaning in further and pressing his lips against Steve’s—cautiously at first, in case it wasn’t really okay yet. After a moment, though, a smile stretched Steve’s lips, and he tended to Tony’s with a gentle kiss.
Once again, Steve wondered how old Tony was. He couldn’t be older than twenty-five, maybe younger. And yet everything he did, and said, made him seem so much older.
Only when Tony left to grab a shower upstairs, Steve had managed to relax a little.
But time was working in their favor and everyone was doing a great job with getting Barnes off the Congress’s grit. It was only a matter of days, now—Tony was sure of it.
In the next night, Tony once again sat on the edge of the bed. Today, however, his eyes were very serious when Steve stepped out of the shadows.
Tony’s eyes were a storm of Million emotions at once. “Freedom has a price,” he rasped. “You don’t want to be used, and manipulated, and I grant that. You have some not-so great experiences, so do I. But enforced freedom calls for sacrifice.” He put both hands on Steve’s face, staring at him. “I
Tony had told him once. How TV and movies had painted a skewed picture of the devil, a horned evil being who loved torturing and deceiving and thrived on the pain it wrought.
Steve hadn’t known that. Had never even heard of this ‘Virginia’. The information immediately brought forth a dozen other questions: Was she Tony’s closest friend? Did he have any siblings? Had Indries had any children? Was Tony a... father? The thought made Steve’s insides churn. Not because it would’ve been a big problem—he was mostly certain that Tony didn’t have any children, anyway—but it suddenly made him realize how little he knew of Tony’s life.
“Tony…” Steve gasped brokenly, trying to reach for where Iron Man was strangling Bucky. “Tony,
“Suit yourself,” Steve said, pushing away. “It’s just as well anyway. I feel a headache coming on.” He massaged his temples. “The kind that lasts for two or three days.”
When Tony handed it over, looking confused, Bucky quickly swiped through menus and typed something in. Then, he handed it back. "That's my number. Call me when you've got a prototype for me to try."
They fell into the right rhythm soon, one that wasn’t quite so frenzied. Tony moaned and clung to him; bearing down, he flexed his muscles. “I gotta…”
“I’m sorry,” Tony said with a hint of irritation. The look that flashed in her green eyes at that made him think she’d stab him with her fork any second. “I
“It’s been a long time,” Steve agreed.
All in all, he wasn't an easy person to deal with, and neither was Tony. And that made them kind of perfect for each other.
“We need him.”
“I… stumbled over it.”
“I’m aware of that, thank you,” Tony said, grinning deviously. “To be completely honest with you, I’ve never liked to stick to the rules and Stark Mansion follows mine, anyway. If I want to kiss you, for example… it’s solely my decision.” He paused, smiling as he sipped his coffee. “Well, and yours, of course.”
“No, tell her she can take the day off, I’m done here.”
With a shake of his head, Tony opened his tablet with the latest draft file. Was the guy flirting with him? Over his kid? His voice had that
TS 11:04 P.M.>Can’t believe you’re standing me up on New Year’s Eve
“You ready?” Steve asked.
The air was a bit stale when they walked in together, and Steve let his duffle bag drop on the floor, as he turned to Tony. “Well. That’s basically it,” he said, waving at the tiny room in general, before positioning both hands at Tony's waist. "Wanna see the rest?"
“It’s just a name,” Steve said, the hand still resting on Tony’s cheek caressing his jawline. “It doesn’t define who you are. And who you are, Tony, is a good man.”
, Tony thought and felt his eyes water.
Tony was biting back a snarky comment, and instead took a deep breath. “How about you just make a new one? We’ll have to get you new passports and such, anyways.”
“Mister Stark?” an unfamiliar female voice said a second later.
you,” Steve spat right into Ultron’s face, trying for distraction. He hadn’t survived as long as he had by being overly cautious. He’d made it by taking calculated risks that brought big pay offs. And right now, he had to keep Ultron busy at all cost. “The man you hate most has all the power you have, access to everything, healing powers, but he also got a healthy human body. Something you will never have.”
Bruce raised his hands diplomatically, and only then Tony realized how harsh his voice must’ve sounded. “What choice do we have?” he asked. “If Thor doesn’t find out where the plant came from or what its vapor does… I don’t really know what we
Sokovia. It kept coming back to bite him in the ass. But then again, it would’ve been naive to think he could just go on with his life after destroying a whole city. After thousands of people had lost their home. After so many had become widows, widowers, orphans, had lost their brothers or sisters, had lost whatever they’d held dear in life.
It was impossible to tell, but somehow, Tony felt as if he was a tightrope walker, crossing over a giant abyss, and it was only a matter of time before he’d fall. And once that happened... it was a fifty-fifty chance if he’d fall down into a safety net, or into open air.
Steve raised his brow as he regarded his feathery prison, then, a shy smile reached his lips. “They feel very soft.”
“Hey!” Tony exclaimed and shoved against Steve’s chest.
Like a spell breaking, everything returned to him at once. HYDRA. Arnim Zola. He looked over at the man with something akin to shock. “I fell. You found me.”
been toeing around this and Tony just hadn’t noticed.
When they both smiled at him, Steve knew that he’d made the right decision. He should’ve freed them from worrying about the others sooner, and while they had often forgotten their surroundings, they had also held back, and that wasn’t what this was about, exactly.
was his future, Steve and Ian and his team, and that he’d be happy and have a family and be very loved.
The Quinjet was parked in one of Tony’s warehouses just outside Vienna. Sam drove them there in silence, and the drive, unfortunately, went by with little distractions.
“Vision’s with her now.”
…Tony just sat there, still frozen in the forward-leaning stance, staring at the empty ground in utter defeat.
“Thought it was a dream first,” Tony admitted quietly. “Waking up in your arms.”
He left the others behind. There would be another time to talk to them, preferably with Steve at his side. Right now, Tony didn’t want to deal with the questioning glances. The way Bruce looked at him like he’d lost his mind when he told him that he would take care of Steve. The way Rhodey’s face had scrunched up in confusion. The way Natasha’s eyes had turned into slits as though she had just realized something.
“—There isn’t something such as ‘SHIELD’s expectations’, anymore,” Tony reminded him.
Rhodes moved first. “Tones, come one, we’ve discussed this. This is your RV…”
There was the smallest pause.
Steve couldn’t fathom it. He stood up and took a step closer, staring at the ring on Tony’s finger. And sure enough, it was a wedding band—simple and elegant, one Steve could imagine himself buying in a heartbeat. “We’re… married?”
His words, however, brought a wide grin to Tony’s face, and a wave of giddiness rushed through him. Steve wasn’t only considering it, he’d already set things in motion.
Steve raised a brow, smiling. He hadn’t expected that since Tony had never once mentioned the broken arm. Steve hadn’t even been sure if he’d brought it back home from Siberia. “That’s great. I’m sure he’ll be very happy about that.”
Tony rolled around until he was lying on his back, looking up at Steve with still sleepy eyes. “Am now,” he said and raised a hand at Steve. “Come’ere.”
Tony was pointing to the wreckage of the tower. Just a few meters to its right, a thin, burning line was beginning to form in the air.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, and the small smile on his lips was definitely forced. Still, he reached for Steve’s hand, raising it towards his lips and kissing his knuckles, and Steve knew they were going to be just fine. “Let’s go home.”
And Tony just stared at him. He was practically daring him to do something.
“Great Marty McFly,” Clint breathed and Tony rolled his eyes, though he secretly shared the sentiment.
He and Tony… they worked surprisingly well together. Spending the day with him was, miraculously, no hardship at all. He just hoped Tony wouldn’t forget all this when they got back home. Without the ever-present baggage of the past, everything felt so very… natural. And Steve just wished that when they were back home, a little, just a little of what Tony was seeing in him now would remain.
“He’s just so happy whenever he’s in there.”
“What,” Tony coughed, his face full of ashes.
Of course, that didn’t help all that much.
“I heard you draw,” she said, smiling privately.
Tony sighed heavily, wishing—not for the first time in those last days—for a nice glass of Scotch. He was so fucking done with all of this.
having you around like this. For once, we weren’t so horribly tense around each other and… and at some point, I think I missed my window.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry. For what it’s worth, I’m so sorry. I wanted to tell you before Lagos, but…”
Tony didn’t know what to do, he—he didn’t know what to
Steve exhaled slowly, his wide eyes enamoured with the man in front of him. He had to file that information away and keep it safe. He couldn’t forget. Tony might never share anything else about his life.
“You know this is all bogus, right?” Tony asked.
“So what brings you into the lair of the not-so-mighty Avengers?” Tony asked.
. They were
“I know,” Tony said quietly and logged into SHIELD’s security cameras. He could see the muted bridge lights of the three Helicarriers, and the park gleaming underneath them. Watching them slowly ascend into the air was an impressive view even under these circumstances. He leaned his head on the window, letting his breath fog the glass. The lights outside almost disappeared and he brought up his hand to wipe away the condensation. “Gotta take the birds down, then. Bye, bye, babies…”
Another fiery glance to the sky. Nothing still.
Tony bit out an almost hysterical laugh, struggling to keep reign over his own emotions. He stared down at the sink and shook his head. “We can never let Steve see him like that.”
“Here we go,” Tony murmured as the elevator came to a stop, a
he shouldn’t go. He wasn’t the jealous type, never had been, and Steve certainly had never given him any reasons to worry.
“I…” Steve said, not knowing what to say, but then, the front door just beneath the living room opened and closed, and Bucky walked into the kitchen.
There was little chance he’d get to savor this again.
“Tones!” Rhodey perked up when Tony came to a stop next to him. He wound an arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him into a firm hug.
don’t know we’re not supposed to kill each other.”
“Watch it, Cap. You’re blushing,” Tony said on a snort.
“Not so easy to factor in superpowers, okay?” Tony shot back as he made to stand, offering Steve a hand to pull himself up. It took a moment before Tony found his footing, his legs feeling weightless and numb at the same time. “Well, this is mortifying.”
Steve was quiet for a moment, like he always was whenever Tony asked him a question about the future, then said, “You improved it a few months ago.”
Then he turned around and the wind was knocked out of him.
“…killed herself? Really?”
It wasn’t hard to figure out what Steve thought about that. His exasperated expression said it all.
"I'm flattered," Steve said at last. He let his hand run along Tony's arm as he considered their situation with the slightest frown on his face. "We have to find a better way to do this," he mused out loud. "Not that this wasn't…" He trailed off, stumbling over his own words, dammit.
“I have seen people being put in camps because they were named
Tony snorted, the alcohol still burning down his throat. “Tell me something I don’t know.”
Then his hands were on Tony’s chest and then his lips, licking at one nipple, pressing it against the roof of his mouth. Tony was making helpless, inarticulate sounds in his throat, his hands clenching on Steve’s head.
“Okay. You don’t believe that, obviously. How about this: I don’t blame you. Not at all.”
Tony chuckled and squeezed his hand. “That’s one way to put it,” he observed, stepping aside as the robot, Dummy, bounded merrily in front of them, putting back a few tools Tony had used in the last hour.
“Well, maybe ‘friends’ is an overstatement. He likes to keep to himself, too, we just meet for coffee sometimes.” He pinched his jaw, which Bruce always did whenever he had some sort of revelation. “This looks good. We might be able to produce about 250 percent more energy, that’s… a real break-through. Thank you, I mean—how did you know?”
He wondered why he hadn't gotten any visions since that second one. It hadn't escaped his notice that it was something Tony had said that had triggered it the first two times. And if he were honest, that was part of the reason he was keeping his distance, but it was bothering him. He couldn't even concentrate on things he usually did on autopilot. Thoughts of Tony would creep up on him. How close he'd sat that evening, how he'd held Steve in his arms when he’d taken him back to the Tower…
Falling to his knees, Tony let his head sink.
“Oh, it’s not,” Romanoff said. “We were just marveling at the probability. That your friend would hire someone you’re going to marry only a few weeks later. I mean... what are the odds.”
Will Steve find himself kidnapped?
When Steve deemed him ready, Tony turned around on his back, raising his knees a little so Steve fit snugly between them. Steve brought himself into position and slid into him. Instinctively, Tony raised his eyes to Steve’s face. He always did that. That look of pure bliss never got old, and it had Tony falling in love with Steve more and more every time.
Steve smiled, as he turned to leave. “That’s the point.”
, Tony. If I could go back, knowing what I know, I would’ve put a bullet through my head before I’d ever touch her.”
Fury’s expression remained impassive, though Steve saw Romanoff and Barton trade a meaningful glance in the background. “And you have new information about the case?”
“What are you thinking?” Tony asked as the car turned up the driveway.
“I called Obi,” Tony said. “He helped me. That’s why I owe him everything—my life. While I sat in the boathouse, crying my eyes out, he put her body in the boat. It was a horrible night. Sea raging… the earth screamed around me. Then Obi cleaned up the mess in the boathouse and… I haven’t been back until the day I brought you down there.”
When Steve woke up in the morning, Tony was still lying flat on the couch. He’d yanked off his shirt sometime during the night, but otherwise he was still fully dressed, down to his shoes.
He had wondered often over the past day where they would be now if he’d told Ross to go fuck himself when he’d presented them with the Accords. How it would be if he’d had the foresight to see what was ahead. If he’d known the decision Steve would make. Would such realization have changed anything?
She took the plates but didn’t immediately leave the kitchen.
For a second, pain overshadowed Bucky’s features, but he didn’t close in completely. “Forever.” His voice wavered a bit, but then he got hold of himself. “And also just… brief glimpses. Can’t really explain it. Everything always re-started. Every time they brought me out of the ice, I hadn’t known any time had passed at all. Now it seems like… forever.”
“The detail work is…”
TS 3:11 A.M.>And I will. Nxt time, I’ll let you do everything u want
“He was your best friend once.”
Bucky vaulted over the back of the sofa, his voice hoarse and thick, so soft that Steve couldn’t be sure if he had actually spoken. He rushed over, pulled Natasha in his arms and then—something he didn’t usually do—kissed her in front of all of them.
“Thank you,” Tony said and grabbed for some tissues. “For giving me this.”
A small smile stretched Steve’s face. “Wrong?” he repeated. “What makes you think something’s wrong?”
, Tony thought to himself, and it wasn’t the suffocating and frightening kind of feeling anymore, but a pleasant hum in the back of his mind.
Steve’s gaze often drifted back to him, lingering, as if he was going through similar motions. They fixed a small dinner together, with one of them either handling Ian while the other cooked or the other way around. Their routine clearly still worked like a finely oiled machine, and it had Tony wonder if, maybe, they could just pick up where they’d left off.
“No,” Steve answered. “I… didn’t.”
His family was still there, somewhere, and they loved him, and that was all that mattered.
“I said I’m
He nodded, fighting sudden exhaustion as he placed his hand over hers.
Bucky huffed and drew back, shoving his metal hand against Steve’s shoulder, pushing him back a little. “Jerk.”
Tony laughed, a strangled, delighted sound in his throat, male and flattered, and Steve revelled in the knowledge that he could fill Tony, stretching him to the utmost. It was exactly the perfect fit.
crying for what they’d lost would be betraying what they’d had.
“You never grow a beard?” Tony asked, raising a brow at him.
Tony took a couple of deep breaths, staring into the night sky, thinking how some secrets were easier to tell in the dark.
“Steve, come on!”
Tony watched for a moment, mesmerized by the woman's grief, then walked towards the next room. He felt like his body was moving on autopilot, his legs functioning while his mind still tried to process what had happened.
The height wasn’t completely ideal, but there was no way he’d stop this now. He jerked at the zipper of Steve’s pants, tugging them down over his hips. He nipped at Steve’s lips one last time, before he leaned down. “You want to be here. You want me. And you want me to do this to you,” he said boldly and didn’t miss Steve’s gasp when he slowly drew his head in.
work together, hand in hand. It’s worth it. And I want us to try and get there.”
And then, hell broke loose. Outside, thunderclouds darkened the sky and explosions resounded everywhere, the ground shook, pushing Steve against the railing. Beneath him, Bucky fell on the lower level, taking the rest of the Iron Legion suit with him, and parts of the bridge landed on top them both.
He paused. “You did.”
“What is this?” Steve demanded.
“Just because you aren’t a threat to me doesn’t mean I’m bored,” Steve tried. “There’s no point getting out of shape while we’re here. Who knows how long the team will take to find us.”
“Yeah. You know, that… big college campus that spreads all over the city? I think there’s another pretty famous college around, you know, something with technolo—
“Of course.” The man glanced towards the ceiling where Tony knew a few cameras were stationed.
Tony pulled himself closer to Steve, then draped the covers over the two of them. “It’s weird. I always thought it was inevitable. You and me breaking each other.”
Tony smiled at him. A shower sure sounded great. “You will?”
The two seemed friendly enough, and the girl—Daisy—seemed to be clever, though it was clear that the topic was a very personal one to her. She gave Phil a long look when he’d asked them to wait outside for this.
“No, it wasn’t,” Natasha agreed. “But that doesn’t change who he is. And what he is, is someone you can’t save. I learned it the hard way and I didn’t want this life for you.”
“Good,” Steve said outright. “And strange. Not in a bad way, not at all. They were all very close.”
Because it belonged in Tony’s.
Ross probably knew how very much unwelcome he was. And wasn’t that a great way to start a potentially life-changing debate.
“I’m not,” Tony said. “I promise you I’m not.”
He bit his lower lip.
“Net, ya ne,” Barnes snarled in Russian. And the next thing Tony knew, Barnes grabbed Steve by his throat and then Steve was airborne, barreling into the next car. Steve grunted, ducking a wild punch aimed at his jaw. The situation was quickly spiraling out of control. Every swing between them became more violent, and though there was a sizable part of Tony that usually enjoyed watching Steve fight, it was damn difficult to do so with the looming danger of him getting killed by his best friend any second.
"Mr. Stark is in the penthouse, Captain."
“It’s gone, I know,” Tony offered, shrugging when Steve looked at him askance. “What? You expected me
to let him go.
“You think—” Steve said, shaking his head. And then, everything came tumbling down as he realized what was happening. “Oh God,
He could help people. He could make the world a little safer.
. What a funny word coming out of Steve’s mouth.
“Yeah, yeah, incoming,” Clint said shortly before Steve heard the Quinjet’s engines coming nearer. “No need to get your panties in a twist.”
He couldn't pursue Tony in the street, especially not half naked and barefoot, but even if he were decently clothed, a scene like that would be suspect. Steve slammed his fist against the door, frustrated. "Fuck!"
“You really think I don’t… that what happened doesn’t…” Steve shook his head, and now there really was a tear sliding down his cheek, and that was
“I could make you beg for it,” Tony purred, and if Steve thought he’d acted lewdly before, he clearly had underestimated Tony. He was all downright seduction now. “Think you’ll like me more when I’m fucking my mouth on you? When I’ll let you spread me on your fingers? When I’ll rub my hole till it’ll open up for you?”
Tony stilled, and it took him a moment to gather himself at what was obviously an answer he hadn’t expected, before he answered. “Sure,” he said stiffly. “That’s… that’s a great idea.”
“Yeah, ya think so, Elsa?”
“You weren’t kidding with his teething,” Steve told him quietly as he walked back into the baby room. He’d fetched a new shirt from their closet—one that wasn’t drenched in baby milk—and came to a stand next to the crib.
Not before meeting Steve.
“Or the Hulk,” Bucky supplied.
“And he’d lose,” Steve said as his eyes travelled back to Bucky’s sleeping form. His voice was hard.
Angels simply shouldn’t mingle with mortals.
close to Steve.
“Maybe,” Steve conceded. “But whenever he’s smiling, he’s all you.” He reached out and traced a laughter line next to Tony’s mouth. “It’s a little crooked, and it lights up his whole face. ‘s beautiful. Like you.”
I’ve ever wanted.”
“Always am,” Steve promised, before he changed position so he’d land feet-first into the ocean. He pulled both hands to his chest and closed his eyes. A second later, he was crashing into the ice-cold water.
And with that, he vanished.
Tony blinked. He knew yesterday had been a weird day, and you’d think it couldn’t get any stranger after he’d gone to sleep, but waking up to Steve Rogers standing next to your bed with a very private and very intimate smile on his lips was still far beyond ordinary.
“Two months, huh?” Pepper said, momentarily glancing at Steve as well. “Sounds hard.”
“I’m…” Tony sighed. “Not to quote ‘Tangled’ but, …what if it’s not what I thought it would be? What if I’m disappointed?”
Of course, Tony refrained from telling him that his Steve had served him that exact breakfast about a dozens of times already. It was only polite.
“Are you sure that’s the smartest move?” Bucky broke the silence as everyone took up various positions in the two cars. Sam shared the van with Wanda, Pietro and Scott, while Steve drove the Beetle with Clint and Bucky.
“I know,” he said. “I—me, too.”
When he’d first learned that Steve was married, he’d thought he’d felt envious. Envious about Steve having what he’d never managed to have: a steady relationship, a permanent commitment.
“Oh, hey, wait,” Steve said, and pulled both arms around Tony’s shoulder, stopping him, before softly pressing his palms over Tony’s eyes. “Got a surprise, remember?”
Somehow, that wasn’t so hard to believe at all.
“You keep saying that,” Tony said, then pressed a few buttons on his watch, checking everyone’s status. Most of the team was mostly ready to go. So he walked over to the elevator and pressed the button. With Steve at his side, he went down to the armory, then started to dress himself for the mission.
Tony huffed. “Are we back to being passive-aggressive? I thought we had a talk-beats-bullshit rule.”
“Who sent you?”
to be into him, but apparently he was… or had been… interested.
Tony nodded. “Thanks, but I’d actually hoped to talk to him later. And I kinda repaired his arm, so…” He shrugged, clearly trying for nonchalance.
“Enough.”
“Tony…” he started.
“He’s not who you think he is,” Wanda told Steve. “Something in his head is different. He is not the man he was. He is not the Tony Stark you knew.”
“Tell me,” Stane said as he twirled his cane again, the small orb on its top shining in the moonlight, “did you really think you could be happy here? You had to know that he could never love you as he loved her. You had to know he only wanted someone to distract him from his grief. Did you really think someone like you could be enough?”
Steve truly would go all-out with this. He had been so certain he wouldn’t, but now he questioned himself.
The past three weeks had sucked beyond the telling of it. It was amazing how quickly his excitement about the road trip had crumbled without preliminaries. For weeks, he had been ecstatic, lost in his happiness of finally witnessing this magical, monumental thing Jarvis had always—
It was just in time, because in the next second, Thanos jolted awake and—“How...?”
God, sometimes he really
He bit his lower lip, barely trusting his voice to be steady enough to go on. He wouldn’t be crying now, he told himself firmly, not understanding how and when he’d gotten so emotional over someone he’d never really had a chance with from the beginning.
Tony nodded, staring at him. They should probably be up and running by now, and it was stupid—stupid to even think it, but a part of Steve… didn’t want to leave.
For fear of making anything collapse more than it already had, Steve made no sharp movements, didn't let his tone of voice change, but he was immediately peeved. "How about
Well, it was probably also really bad because Obi’d be throwing a fit about this, likely trying to sue Steve’s ass, but alas… together, they’d deal with it.
Steve rolled his eyes at that, even though he'd leaned into the kiss all the same. The look on Tony's face was just the right amount of pleased and exasperated, and Steve grinned at him, letting his fingers dig a little where he knew Tony was sensitive, relishing in the little jump that followed.
“Thank you, Bruce,” Ms Jameson said, wisely ignoring Richards. “Eddington confirmed MC squared, where C is the speed of light in a vacuum. Also known as the theory of general relativity, that’s correct. And the first to propose an expedition to an upcoming total solar eclipse was…?”
, Tony thought as he tried to sit up again, but in the moment he might as well have called him Stephanus, because those lines in his head were essentially nonexistent.
Steve snorted. “I noticed that,” he said, squeezing Tony’s hand just as Pepper tugged at his arm.
“Nat first,” Steve demanded.
Tony rolled his eyes, but a small smile took hold of his face as soon as he looked down on their son once more. He cupped Ian’s cheek, chuckling when he leaned into the touch.
It had been four thousand three hundred and eighty two hours since Tony had texted Steve in February that he didn’t want to see him ever again, that they weren’t friends anymore, that he had to stop calling so much.
faster, we can make it there in twenty.”
By now, Steve was sure he was outright gaping. “You were the one who left as soon as we were back home!”
Tony let his head drop back on the pillow with a sigh. “Yes.”
“Shit,” Tony cursed and stood up. He scrambled over to where the broken phone was lying on the floor and squatted down in front of it. Raising it up into his field of vision, he sighed with relief. Just a few scratches, and the casing had fallen off, taking the battery with it.
“Exactly,” Tony agreed as he raised Ian back to his chest. “And don’t you forget it.” He pressed a kiss on Ian’s nose, rejoicing in the laughter that followed.
“I didn’t come here to fight,” Steve said.
Bucky cleared his throat. “Well. Gotta catch my private jet,” he joked. “I’ll see you at home?”
* * *
Steve was a nice guy, Tony could admit as much. Somehow less and simultaneously so much more than his father had made him out to be. He was a stubborn prick for sure, but there was so much good, too, and a mixture of bashfulness and a dry sort of humor that often had Tony laugh against his will.
Steve nodded. And there was no fear in his eyes any longer. The tears had dried. No more hesitation—only resolution.
It wasn’t all he
As it was, after court proceedings had come to an end, the government had refrained from putting Bucky in prison, but instead decided to bench him. Indefinitely. And even though Tony still went to committee hearings ever so often, trying to defend Bucky’s case, he was monitored 24/7, and that meant: no leaving the tower, and no missions. On paper, Bucky was part of the team, but that didn’t really mean anything if he wasn’t allowed to fight at their side.
Tony huffed, amused, as he looked back up at Steve. “She’ll gloat about that forever.”
And as the flash went off, so did the lights. In the whole house.
Monday, April 19th, 2015.
“Scared? Of what?”
Whatever the giant green thing was, it seemed to be growing, its main body was now almost filling out the whole street. Tony hovered above, and the only thing he could really do for now was shoot at a vine here and there and stop it from causing any more harm than it already had.
“I see,” he said. “Can I come in?”
Tony burst out laughing. “Glad you set some solid goals for this meeting.”
timeline and its many possibilities. So while it’s not exactly possible to travel to one’s true past, because you’re already affecting it as we speak, this is indeed your own timeline.”
"I know…" Steve said, rubbing a hand over his shoulder and squinting to keep in check whatever emotion was trying to burst through. "It's over."
For almost two months, they’d been together every day, almost every hour of the day. They’d slept and eaten and laughed together. And just like that, it was over.
When he’d thanked him, he’d been thinking about the last few minutes, but now that Tony was looking at him in question, he realized it wasn’t what he really had to thank him for.
Yes, Tony was feeling like a sixteen-year old teenager all over again.
Steve sighed, rubbing his forehead. “Tell you what: You get a reward for paying attention to your meeting now, okay?”
Steve took a step closer, and then another, as hope flared deep inside him. “Then why are you fighting this so hard? Is it because you found someone else? I don’t care who you slept with, Tony, I couldn’t expect you to be celibate for two decades, I… I just need to know if your heart’s still mine.”
Steve had no idea if this should be consoling him. Probably not.
“Oh,” Rhodes voiced numbly, then his eyes widened. “Oh!” He stepped back, looking at both of them, then at Natasha, who merely nodded without even taking her eyes off the magazine in her hands.
“You were outside?” Tony asked sleepily. “Ugh, I’ve crushed on a morning person.”
“You feel so good,” Tony said and leaned inward to taste Steve’s lips briefly. His thumb encircled the leaking head with every pass; caressing him so expertly Steve was afraid this would be over far too soon. And when he felt his sensitive hardness being pulled apart by Tony’s dry hand, he clutched at Tony’s shoulders and gasped.
He had killed so
“Why are you doing this?” was the first thing out of Bucky’s mouth. He reached for Steve’s arm and dragged him back.
“And the best way to do that is by staring at his door for half an hour?”
Tony snorted. “Screw you. I’m trying to be nice and all I’m getting is sass.”
Maybe what they had was doomed right now, but it wouldn’t be forever.
“We don’t have to listen to anything, you know,” Steve pointed out. “We could just talk.”
Tony had always known… right from the Beginning, that he was a creature damned by his own nature. And he didn’t care anymore.
TS 2:14 P.M.>OMG
He looked down, bringing himself in position, and his cock, blunt and large against that small hole made him pause.
Whatever comment he’d planned to throw at Steve for generously gracing him with his rare attention faltered at the sight of Steve’s smile. His huge-goddamn smile that lit up his face like a Christmas tree.
Rubbing a hand over his face, Steve put the picture back down. He frowned once he spotted the one next to it. Another photograph. And this one… it was a photograph of Steve, Sam and… and Bucky. They were at some kind of theme park, wearing stupid hats, and cotton candy, and popcorn and…
“So, you guys made up? The big fight’s over?”
Tony closed his eyes, concentrating on the battle once more. Navigating the Iron Legion didn’t take much of Tony’s attention, these days. JARVIS was doing all of the actual calculations, deciding how and where to attack. Only when it came to thinking outside of the box, making some not-all-that-logical decision, it was Tony’s turn to take control. Together, they were piloting around thirty suits simultaneously and by now, they worked like a well-oiled machine, precise, intuitive, trusting each other implicitly to make the right calls at the right time.
Thanks for your lovely comments <3 We really appreciate it!
going on around here. “So you want to breach the carriers, and replace their targeting blades with our own.”
Steve’s smile broadened. “I am.”
Steve would lie if he said he wasn’t relieved to hear those words. He had sort of expected to be astronomically bad at this, but… doing this with Tony came easy, just like their friendship had always been.
Steve couldn’t help himself, he laughed with relief. It made kissing a whole lot more difficult, but he couldn’t help himself.
He was wide-awake now, and Steve was still with him. It was daylight. Judging by how drowsy he was, Tony wagered it was relatively early. Steve’s hand rested on Tony’s bare chest, close to the arc reactor. His left leg still draped over Tony’s thighs.
Tony’s lips fell open against Steve’s prodding tongue, and a surprised whimper tickled his throat. His mind tried to race to his aid, only to fall short under the intensity of the kiss. Thoughts dissipated completely, rendering him thoroughly helpless against Steve’s assault.
Steve laughed, and leaned in to press a soft kiss against Tony’s forehead.
“Mr. Rogers,” he said warmly. “I’m Edwin Jarvis, head of the household. It’s a real pleasure to meet you. For all of us.”
“And Stark?”
“I’m good,” Tony said. “Just a bit tired.”
“Right,” Steve said. “I’ve seen what the team can be like if we try to work together.
Pepper cast him a very pleasant smile that looked much more intimidating than any real scowl could’ve been. She nodded her agreement. “Of course, Mr. Stane. And then you asked me to become Mr. Stark’s personal assistant and what can I say, the job grew on me.”
“The Insight Helicarriers scratch people off the list,” Tony explained patiently. “A few millions at a time. Zola’s algorithm locates every person or institution that poses a threat to HYDRA. I already sent encrypted evacuation notices to the locations on the list, but… we won’t be able to save all of them… not sure we’d be able to save half, to be honest.”
“Hey, Stevie!” Bucky called from the elevator, his metal hand keeping the door from closing again. “Sam and Clint wanna go out, buy a few more drinks. They need more hands, apparently. You coming along?”
“Odds just changed,” she said with a thick eastern accent.
to see it,” Pepper interrupted him. “It’s magnificent! Tony used to spend days down there. Whenever we were hosting a gala, he always preferred to hide in his workshop.” She smiled warmly. “When I was still his assistant I even had to make sure he ate regularly, because he just forgot everything around him once he was down there.”
Steve wanted to say, but Tony was already talking over him.
That was Steve’s voice. Tony turned his head sideways and he looked over to the church’s entrance, into Natasha’s eyes, and then into Steve’s.
—so Steve and I won’t…”
PS: My wonderful beta-reader
“Oh fuck,” Tony gasped, tossing his head back and thrusting his hips forward. “Please…”
institution—to push their own interests down on the team, it wasn’t something Steve could stand for. It had been the same with the World Security Council, the same with SHIELD. He knew that doing this now would be something he’d regret forever.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
This was bad. He hadn’t meant to flirt. He was just really tired and Tony had that
“Well, before you showed up, I was debating between Whiskey and Bourbon next.” He paused for emphasis. “Bourbon was winning.”
“And you’re being blindsided!” Steve shot back. It was the first time since knowing Tony that he’d raised his voice against him and all of a sudden, Tony looked at him as though Steve was a stranger—anyone but the man whom he slept beside at night. The lovely brown of eyes turned a stormy gray.
“Obi’s angry about my decision,” Tony explained with an amused little smile. “But he has every right to be. I sprang this on him very sudden. He just needs time to come around.”
Tony nodded before he even knew what he was doing, his body shoving into overdrive. He was clenching his teeth and arching his back, and the deeper he pressed himself against Steve, the more Steve wanted to keep him there. He could feel Tony’s trembling muscles all over him, until Steve’s name tore off his lips in a single strangled groan as his hips started bucking madly.
“Yes, please.”
Bucky nodded with a sigh. For the first time since he’d been awakened again, he felt the screaming within him calm—felt the rage roll into a gentle hum. Felt normal for a blink of his abnormal life.
“…a lot to deal with, I know,” Tony said, his voice sympathetic. “If I’d realized sooner who you were, I wouldn’t have told you. It’s not something you should know.”
He was so used to struggling, trying to stay afloat. But here, now, was a life completely without complications or obligations. If before he had been fighting the current, now he was floating upon it, letting a warm drift carry him where it would.
Steve bit his lower lip. “Fair enough.”
“Do us both a favor and leave,” Tony said after a moment, leaning back in the chair.
Tony nodded, and realized that the light grasp of their hands had turned fierce and almost painful. Tony didn’t mind. He turned sideways, his body seemingly on autopilot. He met Steve halfway. They wound their arms around their middles, breathing each other in as they kissed. Steve’s hands were moving over Tony’s back and a low groan escaped Tony when the tips of Steve’s fingers dug into his scalp. Their lips brushed along each other’s, and
He had known the man’s name once.
,” Bucky pointed out.
The effect was immediate. Tony’s body went rigid, before he started to tremble, murmurs of distress rising involuntarily from his throat. While his will ripped free of Ultron’s hold, strength and consciousness both seemed to abandon him at once as he slumped into Steve’s hold. His black eyes were staring into space, not seeing anything. His lips fell open on an agonized cry, and his limbs went stiff as the blackness consumed him wholly.
The sound of the door made them turn around.
For a long beat, Tony simply looked at Steve, waiting for him to go on. Only when he noticed Steve’s hands shaking ever so lightly, he understood, with a sudden jolt of realization, what exactly Steve was trying to talk to him about.
Tony smiled that special crooked smile of his, a look of curious wonder on his face. “And what particular moment would you want to keep?”
[New Client2] [chat_server:46956]
Tony’s eyes went wide as his faceplate was splattered with blood. Not his—but still. He let out a gasp and looked down. The explosion had done its fair share of destruction, mostly on his own armor, and the HUD went black as he fell to the ground.
Steve deposited his bottle on the table when he came back and rummaged through the bag before pulling out the letter and handing it over to Bucky.
Talk about an undeserved superiority complex.
"He's running you down anyway," Steve said, looking away from him at last and surveying their surroundings. "He better not try anything funny."
With Steve trailing after him, however, demanding over and over again that he’d go in instead of Tony, that plan had well and truly gone down the gutter.
* * *
Steve paused, feeling his eyes tear up a little.
The helmet’s unforgiving mask had never looked more furious than in this moment.
He tipped the bottle, filling both his and Rhodey’s glasses. Around them, the party was still going strong, even though it was… how late was it exactly? He had a feeling they’d been in that damn fraternity house all night, and the sun would probably rise soon.
A slow, wicked smile spread across Pepper’s face. “Aw, you’re right. I know this is all so very hard for you: Living with a bunch of superheroes who miraculously happen to put up with your bullshit every day. Having a husband who loves you, only seeing him on the weekends…”
Moving closer, Steve nibbled the hard line of Tony’s goatee, while sending one inquisitive hand down the front of his sweatpants.  “Guess you’re right. Gonna have to be dull and passionless now.”
Obi took stance, his full height towering over him. “I know you got around on campus, Tony, and I never gave you a hard time about it, did I? I let you do whatever and whoever you wanted, no matter what the news called you. But now, you’re representing the company, and I told you, you need to finally grow a pair, this isn’t…” He trailed off, throwing a somewhat skewed apologetic glance in Steve’s direction, before staring back down at Tony. “No offense to Mr. Rogers, but we’re a weapons manufacturer, my boy. You really gotta stop with your little teenage experimentations.”
Tony only rolled his eyes and interrupted Steve by pressing the head of his cock firmly against Steve’s opening. “No time for sweet-talk, got it.”
“Shut up, Stark.”
he asked wordlessly. Tony’s eyes went black—they’d played this game often enough—and a frown crept over his face. He blinked himself back into the present, then shook his head. “Nothing.”
With the electric light out, only the dim illumination provided by the candles and the arc reactor bathed Tony in soft tones.
He heard Steve sigh, long and heavy. “I know you are. I just… If they can just add things to the Accord whenever they please, you basically signed a blank approval—And I know that wasn’t what you had in mind either. I’m worried about you, that’s all.”
A smile flickered across Steve’s face. “Will do.”
They walked past a wall that held three framed photographs. Peggy’s, Howard’s and one of Colonel Phillips.
“That’s just a name…” Steve said. “I’m still me, and I lost him.”
Steve in days. He suddenly wondered when they’d last kissed, and came up empty.
always
“Yeah, I’m starting to see that.”
God, but Steve was pressing his whole body against him, and a hard whimper tickled Tony’s throat as Steve gently bit into his lower lip. Tony knew he should be doing something—he was the only one remotely sober here—but fuck it all, Steve tasted good. He tasted
him. I'd been… with him for so long. He hasn’t changed. I didn’t tell him about the Accords because I hadn’t found a solution yet, and I didn’t want it to come between us. But I was wrong. I never gave him the time to actually make up his mind about it. I forced his hand. I waited too long.”
Yeah, right.
Sharon stepped off the podium, walked to the plaque and gave a formal salute holding it for the traditional three seconds.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, took one more look at the tablet then walked towards the refrigerator. He fished out a bottle of water, then let the door slam close soundly, the noise reminiscent of a gunshot. Silence reigned, punctuated only by Tony’s knuckles cracking as he balled his right hand into a fist. He opened the bottle and took a sip.
She cast him a crooked smile. “Help us and I’ll tell you. Help us get to the bottom of this. And I promise you everything will be alright.”
“Last night… you disappeared before I could tell you how much this means to me.”
“How is
“Are you sure?” Steve certainly didn’t know much about this, but it didn’t feel like Tony was loose enough to fit him.
“It has buttons and it’ll cover you,” Steve pointed out with amusement taking over his features. “Besides, you’ll probably need at least another day before you don’t have to worry about tearing those stitches. Here, let me.”
Tony hummed in agreement, looking up at Barnes’ vitals. As expected, everything seemed to be stable enough. They were close now—closer than ever before. “And those fake memories will fade once we deactivate them?”
Apart from the day when Tony had gotten notice that, miraculously—and definitely without Tony’s help—all prisoners from the RAFT had managed to flee, Tony had not heard of Steve and the others again. That had been over two months ago. It was as if, one day, they had simply vanished from his life, and only Ian’s crying, and Tony's cold bed reminded him that nothing was as it was supposed to be.
“Nose, ears, and… your eyes are bloodshot, too,” Steve replied, turning his head to the side so he could press a tissue against Tony’s nostrils. “Start talking,” he prompted after a moment, and Tony could practically hear the hot, burning outrage searing his insides.
“Great,” Tony mumbled, but followed Steve inside the nonetheless.
point to all of this and I can’t fucking believe you’re sacrificing our once-in-a-lifetime-trip for a chance to pop your cherry!”
“It looks like you lost,” Steve answered dryly.
Tony huffed in distaste, his gaze snapping back at Steve. The other guy wasn’t in hearing range yet, and Tony
And maybe just a little bit jealous.
Tony stilled in his movement, startled by the sudden outburst. Somehow he’d thought Barnes would take anything, even the painful procedures, without so much as blinking. He couldn’t even form thoughts to how much of a relief it was to be wrong about this.
A proud smile appeared on Tony’s lips. “It works.”
desperate if you were doing your job.”
And very soon, they’d make all of that official.
Steve was really lucky to have them at his side.
Steve nodded, and started to walk out of his bedroom.
Natasha sighed and leaned against Steve, closing her eyes.
A still beat settled between them, Steve’s eyes wide, and Tony used that moment of surprise to finally wrangle his hand free and storm off in the direction of the lab.
“It was some kind of storage room for boats.”
And this was… this was far better than what he’d expected it could ever be. It was as if they had at last found something in which they clicked even better than on the battlefield. Every move Steve made, Tony anticipated and moved with him. Every time he decided to change his rhythm, his angle, his force, Tony only grinned and met him halfway. Everything he did was met with an imminent countermove that drove him wild and urged him to move just that tiny bit faster and harder. Sex with Tony was… It was pushing and pulling and friction and
He actually felt dizzy as he emptied himself into his husband’s body, slowing down a little at a time, until he was buried all the way in him, pressing hard against his rear, his hand cupped over his leaking cock.
“Apart from us,” Steve said slowly.
Steve’s smile faltered. “I didn’t mean to—Sorry.”
Steve shook his head, and it was still so fucking strange to see him, and not see him at the same time. “I don’t have all the answers. I came here in hope we could find a solution together.”
“Fine, be that way,” Steve snapped as he scrambled off the ground. God his lips felt completely numb. He stalked towards the RV’s front door, and only turned around when he was already half way inside. “But tomorrow, I’m gonna take the tent. And if the others have to hold you down and lock you up, so be it.”
Also, their latest conversation at the fire had somehow left Steve in a confused state of agitation. It wasn’t about Tony liking both men and women. Admittedly, Steve hadn’t known that about him, but Steve didn’t
If Steve was dead, Tony didn’t know how to keep going. No matter how horrible the fight between them had been, Tony had always found a strange kind of solace in the knowledge that Steve was still
Vision paused, sorting through the thousand reasons his memory supplied him with almost instantly. He sorted through the list, then chose the one that was most likely to convince Tony. “Because when Captain Rogers stepped into your life, with no obligations at all, he already moved Heaven and Earth to do what he thought was best for you.”
Steve’s lips drew upward in a tender smile. “It’s… still about the weirdest thing that ever happened to me, and that’s saying something. You and I… well, I don’t have to tell you we have a difficult past.”
At the end of the day, it didn’t matter what Tony did with his time—he very clearly didn’t want to talk to Steve, or even see him, and that was all that mattered.
“Of course not. But I have to agree with her that you need to explain all of this.”
Steve wasn't satisfied with that answer at all. "You don't
“Barnes would have been eliminated in Vienna if it wasn’t for Rogers. There are dead people who would be alive now if you hadn’t kept us from bringing Barnes in before it was too late. Feel free to check my math.”
“No,” Nat said, “from the duty his father had thrust on his shoulders. From serving as God’s punisher. From being everyone’s scapegoat.”
Steve let out a shuddering breath and parked the LAPD car in front of his house. Peter still seemed to be at his friend’s, and Steve was glad for it. Because while he had the urge to take his little son into his arms right now, knowing what he knew, to make sure he was safe—he also needed time to figure all of this out by himself.
The denim of Steve’s jeans scraped against his ass and Tony pressed back against it. “There’s more where that came from. Come on, get the lube already.”
Tony smiled. “Heya, Cap—
They wouldn’t be who they were if they stopped surprising each other.
Tony sighed. “What the fuck are you doing, Steve?” he snapped into the open comm.
“My daughter’s blood—it’s on your hands!” the man yelled behind them. “Now, now and forever!”
Steve only stared, and felt a wall in his mind come crashing down.
“I worried that they might bring up bad memories,” Tony admitted after a moment. “I’m glad you like them.”
Next to him, Rhodey slowly gathered himself. “A body?”
Right now, he could move on from that. Sort of. He wasn’t so sure he would be able to for much longer, though.
, his voice was breaking now, his eyes getting all watery. “But that’s too boring for Tony Stark! Nah, Joe Billionaire here says all you need are some superpowers and a badass attitude, and you can have a place in his private super-gang.”
On a long sigh, Steve rose to his feet, leaning his shield against one of the couches. Only now that his surrounding was perfectly clean, he realized how dirty he truly was. His uniform was torn in a lot of places and his skin was stained with ash and grime.
Tony knew the time had come when the voices stopped. Rumlow and the HYDRA lackeys headed towards the loading doors that housed the biochemical weapons, leaving only one of his minions with the twins. He heard the loading doors open and then the crash of glass as Clint shot a smoke-arrow in and the screams and the turmoil that resulted. On a silent agreement, Tony and Steve quietly walked through the door into the central room.
Of course, she wouldn’t tell him.
When he didn’t answer, Tony exhaled a long breath. “I don’t know how to make this clearer for you. And I’m starting to think I was wrong.”
“What happened?” Fury asked next to him.
And now… how could you believe in a God when your brother was tumbling to his death a second time while you could have saved him?
Before Tony could go on, Steve took his face between his hands and kissed him. And then, there was nothing but them. Steve’s mouth moved against Tony’s as he seized his forearms, gasping when his own back collided with some table.
Steve was holding onto Tony's hips with an iron grip, before he saw how red the skin was getting and gentled his touch. He had to keep Tony anchored against his ruthless pace, and the reward came in the form of incoherent babble and an undulation that drove Steve on. He didn't speak, not knowing what to say and not having the breath to say it. Whatever he wanted to convey was communicated well enough with his rhythmic motion.
Tony’d hummed. “I like it.” He’d taken a step back, looking Steve up and down once more before meeting his gaze again. “We’re going to have some fun tonight. Right?”
And this wasn’t the Steve who had betrayed him, the one who had left him half-dead and freezing in Siberia. Not yet.
Steve cringed, and bowed his head so he wouldn’t let it show too much. Tony had visited Peggy a couple of times in the last months. Almost every time, Peggy asked about their wedding—and Tony, amazingly, told her about it with the same amount of enthusiasm. There was never any sign of annoyance on his face, and he never made her doubt that he didn’t have the time of his life telling her about the ceremony, the dancing, the honeymoon. His excitement never seemed anything but genuine, and Steve fell a little bit more in love with him every time.
He hadn't dreamed of that incident in a while, but those dreams were never far from his mind. He was still struggling against the grating feeling of sand in his throat and a burning in his eyes. Bucky, Bucky was in danger. He was…
Dazedly, Steve heard Ultron chuckle. “We’ll see how you like this,” he said, to whom Steve didn’t know, but there was already another metal fist rushing towards him, and good God, he’d really underestimated Ultron, and this could be it, this could—
He grabbed for one of his larger hammers on the way to the cabin that was situated on the far side of the workshop. This wasn’t exactly the way to go, Tony knew that, but a more careful approach was definitely too time-consuming. And as soon as the others caught up to what he was about to do, every chance at seeing who he once had been was off the table.
The corners of Tony’s mouth drew into a smile. “That he will,” he said, turning to Steve. “Steve, this is Obadiah Stane. As I told you, he takes care of my business whenever I’m not around. I’m sure you two will make fast friends.”
deep down.”
“No stopping,” he decided. “Do
So Steve did. He left Tony—left him standing in the huge cold basement in Siberia that, in only a few hours, had somehow robbed them of everything.
“Great! You better put on your tightest pants, honey,” Tony instructed cheekily as he walked back towards their bedroom. He was swaying ridiculously from side to side with Ian on his arms, and Steve couldn’t hold back a laugh as he watched them go. “I’m going to take your papa out and show him off, baby,” he told Ian. “What do you say about that? Can you say
It was a warm statement, unexpected as much as it was intimate. Steve closed his eyes and tilted his head before pressing a kiss to the top of Tony's head. "You have me," he said, voice almost a whisper that only the two of them could hear.
Steve hummed and kept staring at Tony for a good minute, before he broke eye-contact. When he spoke, his voice was very quiet. “There were a lot of theories while you were out. Most of them were complete nonsense. Mind-reading, prophetic visions, hallucinations, but you know which one I found the most reasonable?”
Bucky hummed, and nodded in acceptance. He put the photo back down, his eyes lingering for a second before he looked back up at Steve. “What I meant is… I knew you’d eventually find someone. Not everyone could possibly be so stupid not to see what a great guy you were.”
Steve paused. “Uh, yes,” he said slowly. “I remember Thanos just fine, but… I meant the battle in which we fought that sentient Slime-Monster.”
Steve stepped into his room first, flipping on the light, while Tony paused in the doorway for a moment.
Clint eyed Steve. “And you’re sure you can handle that?”
“No, ‘we’ being me, and you, and the whole world. Every last human being.”
