Bruce waited for them to be a few steps away before he rushed in and to Tony's aid. In all the years of knowing Stark, he doesn't once remember being so scared for Tony's life before. He knelt down next to Tony who was still panicking as he fought to take a decent amount of air into his lungs and ran his fingers over the place where the bruises would sit atop Tony's throat. He could see the finger-shaped indents and the creases of the metal plates from Bucky's palm.
Did you see the new trailer yesterday? That one kinda hurt.
The king took one look at his face and chuckled, "Do not mind Okoye. She doesn't bite... Always."
Being in a polyamorous relationship had its ups and downs, but this was definitely an up for them all. Peter, who had taken to each of them as parental figures, didn't seem to mind having the four of them
Rumlow let the boy up when his hair was completely soaked through, but he didn't stop touching him, now reaching down past his balls to prod at the boy's puckered hole. The boy squirmed, but once his hair was pulled again he was momentarily compliant.
He had no idea how long he'd been here, in this crumbling underground prison of his. He watched the numbers on the calendar change, each day marked out with a red 'X' but after the first two months, he lost track of how many 'X's there were. All he knew was that the calendar said октября. He still didn't speak Russian, but he was picking up on simpler words, and that word meant 'October'.
He held Peter until the younger boy was out of tears to cry. "Come on..." He stood, still holding Peter in his arms and walked into the other room to make coffee. It was relatively easy to work around the spider attached to his chest. He was small enough that he wasn't an obstruction to the process.
when we're alone like this, do you understand, Parker?"
Back at the apartment, Bucky was an inconsolable wreck, and Steve couldn't quite calm him down. Every time that he got close, Bucky blew up again, yelling about how badly he deserved to be in cryo or even dead for the things that he did.
He felt arms wrapping around his body and he tried to fight them. There were too many. He pulled a second knife from his person and jabbed it into one of the arms. He heard a yell as the arm retracted, and he continued to fight to get away. He swung and elbowed at the people behind him and kicked his legs out to change the balance.
"Oh no..."
See, Tony Stark is not broke. Not even remotely close. If being broke was an island, Tony Stark would live on the moon.
Wade didn't want to leave Peter now, but he had to make sure that he got back to school on time. Peter didn't want to go back either, he just wanted to cuddle and bang right here in the alley all day long, but soon adults would know he was gone. So Wade loaded Peter into his car and drove him back to school, making sure to ditch the car somewhere as soon as he was gone.
Peter thought for a moment and weakly asked for Friday to find the answer. He was relieved to hear the real Friday speaking above him.
Wade let out a moan as he ran his fingers through Peter's hair. For never having done this, Peter sure seemed to know what to do when it came to hickeys. Oh god, Stark was going to kill them both.
He was interested in him for another reason, again, not because he cared, but because there was a serious lack of females on base, and Peter happened to like dick. That, and he was given a new mission. Since Deadpool's DNA wasn't working, and Rumlow was now a successful experiment, then he would serve as the replacement.
He took the tweezers in hand. His spidey-senses were tingling worse than ever. Every bit of Peter's being knew that this was a bad idea, but what choice did he have?
Mr. Stark asked if everything he'd bought was enough or if there was more he was looking to get today. Peter told him that he had all he needed for now and then Mr. Stark took him to Ikea to look at Vanity options. They'd looked at some ideas and Tony said he'd put something together to surprise him, and Peter said okay.
His light bar was flashing a different color now, but through the haze of his own mind he couldn't figure out what it meant for the life of him. He figured it out when the door opened to reveal a panicked looking Tony Stark.
Peter's parents casually tell him things he used to know and it makes him frustrated.
Bucky wondered if Wade had any idea what could be wrong with Peter but knew that there was only one way to find out, and now was not the time to go looking for trouble from another mercenary. Also, Steve would kick the asses of everyone involved.
Vision agrees, "Yes, but I thought this to be the quickest way to tell you that Mr. Parker is on his way down."
Since the AI knew just how important it was that Peter got his sleep, she opened the door as quietly as possible. Tony slipped into the room, and Friday closed the door behind him.
Peter had been awake for a total of 196 hours when everyone came home. He hadn't moved for the last three days, so when Wanda saw him barrelling down the hallway, she knew that they were back.
He rounded the couch to see Mr. Strange's body on the ground, holes through his hands, crucifixion style... His cape was still shifting beneath him as if trying to wake him. Peter felt tears spring to his eyes. Right next to him was what was left of Vision. The yellow stone was missing from his forehead.
Peter furrows his brows as he stuffs more of the breakfast food in his mouth. "What do you mean?"
...He didn't think that Peter would mind too much.
Right now it was almost like Peter was the one who'd been brainwashed by Hydra, and maybe he had. Nobody but Peter really knew the severity of what'd happened to him. They never thought it would be alright to ask, in the grand scheme of things he hasn't been home with them for very long. He still wasn't even fully healed in some places like his leg. Bucky thinks it's taking all the kid has to walk without a limp.
An Agent turned and smacked him hard enough it made his head roll and he ceased his screaming. He's only been here two weeks, but it's felt like hell, and he hasn't seen Wade once. Was he going to die in here? No, he couldn't die. Not when his parents were right upstairs!
Peter reached up and pulled the ball cap from Wade's scarred head and tossed it to the floor with a smile. Wade just looked on fondly, like nothing else in the world mattered, and really in his mind, nothing else did.
The boy in question gripped tighter onto Bucky and cried harder. "They never stop!" Was what he managed through his tears. Everyone automatically assumed it to be the bullies that have plagued Peter's life as of late, and he told them that they were getting so bad he couldn't even focus on patrol anymore.
Peter's eyes widened as he pointed to the head. "You're the Symbiote that Wade stole."
Bucky was in tears as he laid in what used to be his and Steve's old bed. The frame creaked with every shaking breath and groaned with every sob. It'd been so long since he was here last, but somehow it felt all too familiar to him.
He made his way outside to where the jet was and pushed his way past Scott and Wanda. Nat was in the process of standing Bucky up, letting her body take the weight off of his injured leg.
"Something... I think I was supposed to come to you, I... Remember how you tried to save me... We need to get out of here..." He said quietly, glancing around like he was afraid something would happen at any moment, and it very well could.
------
Wade laughed and agreed to make him something while he dressed, and Peter nodded. Peter waited for Wade to leave the bathroom before sitting on the edge of the tub. Wade came back a couple of minutes later with a sandwich and a can of Sprite, which Peter gladly took.
worked for us."
Bucky was a different man as he fought a path through the Agents around them. He wasn't himself, it was plain to see that as of this moment, there was more of the Soldier in him than there had been in months. It would be a lie if Bucky said that having him settled just beneath the surface was a bad thing in this instance. The Soldier was the other side of him that didn't care about hurting people, and that's who he needed to be right now.
He could describe it as a high powered magnet inside of his chest where his heart should be. A magnet that drew him closer to the metal that was Peter's skin. It was almost like iron sand in his veins, shifting and pulling him to Peter's touch.
Ned had been giving a number to use solely in emergencies like this one, and he wasted no time (well, a little time) in pulling out his phone and making the phone call that none of Peter's parents wanted to receive. "Hi, it's Ned. Peter just started dogging on one of these kids, I think someone should come get him."
"Don't you worry, Petey... You won't remember this later, we'll make sure." Peter struggled and looked back towards the little girl. She held a knife that was nearly the size of her little forearm. She was approaching, and as much as Peter struggled he couldn't get free from Wade's grasp.
Peter sat down the gifts he was carrying and looked around in awe, then laughed when he laid his eyes on the large bed. He remembered telling Tony once that he'd never slept in a bed any bigger than a twin, not until he slept in Steve and Bucky's bed, and that was only a couple of weeks ago. Wade, Nat and Steve sit down the presents they were carrying for Peter down inside of his room for him, and after a minute of listening to Tony talk to Peter, everyone left him to put his things away, with the exception of Wade, who let out a breath and finally took his mask of the moment the door closed.
He wanted to see Aunt May. He wanted to know why she was avoiding him so strongly. He deserved to know why she suddenly didn't seem to want him anymore, and he was going to get answers, dammit. He was done letting her push him away. He was done being tossed aside with no explanation. He was gonna go in there and demand the answers that he deserved.
This wasn't the place to think or speak of that though, because this was Christmas, which Peter clearly enjoyed. He looked so pleased and excited even when he wasn't opening gifts. He looked just as happy watching others open gifts or even looking at Christmas lights on the tree. Peter truly was just a happy soul, absolutely just so happy to be around. Bucky was happy having him around in general.
"No, no you're wrong, I'm doing this to protect him, I'm the good guy."
Peter was fully aware of the fact that his face would give them away the quickest and he did his best to keep it hidden, not that he really looked all that much like himself right now anyways. His jeans were snug around his thighs and his hair was curled against his shoulders and his face was contoured well enough that unless you knew Peter Parker was under the makeup, you'd have no clue that he wasn't a woman.
"What are they doing about your arm? Is there anything they can do?"
Their consideration of the idea shot through the roof when T'Challa returned to the hospital waiting room, politely introduced himself, and then politely answered all of the questions Steve could think of. Wakanda wasn't quite like the rest of the world, but they still considered themselves very modern and farther ahead of the rest of the world as far as electronics and science went.
If Wade took to doing Peter's research for him for a couple of hours, nobody needed to know.
Her hospital gown was shredded revealing the bloody rags and stitches underneath. In a flash of light, the scene before him changed and instead of a beaten May, instead there she lay with her stomach slit open, guts hung halfway to the floor.
Without another word, Tony made for the teen's bedroom. Despite the sound-proof walls, Tony knew Peter was upset. Just as Tony was about to knock, Friday spoke in a hushed voice. "Mr. Stark, I find it imperative to warn you that Mr. Parker has just fallen asleep."
karma is a bitch and wade is too
He wasn't looking, but they all knew that he wouldn't miss if he pulled the trigger. "Peter? Peter are you alright?"
"Petey. Hey. Look at me."
Rumlow instructed him to pick up the scalpel and make a long slice across his palm, and he did, listening to the man talk all the while.
Steve sighed and pulled Tony close. "I'm not saying I'm done being mad about this, because I'm not."
Wade needed to be strong, for when Peter needed him next. He was sure Peter would need him again, especially if he was the only teenager in a compound full of adults like Tony Stark.
Peter didn't miss the somehow comforting grip Wade had on his shoulders or anything. Not at all.
"Come on, your dads are getting antsy." He laughed as he walked Peter back out of the bathroom. There was no way that Bucky missed the blanket that Peter wore, it made him smile seeing that Peter appreciated it.
"Wade, I... I have no clue how I can thank you for all of this stuff..." Peter scoffed as he looked over the things on his bed. "There's just so much, and I'll never have the kind of money it would take to pay you back."
Peter sat on his bed and used his leg as a table for the small notepad he was scribbling in. He didn't want to ask for a whole lot, but he lived here now and he probably wouldn't see New York for a long time as it was. So he just jotted down some of his clothes and his favorite blanket and the dog tags from the hidden compartment and most importantly- underlined thrice- the mp3 player that Wade gave to him.
highlighter, all three shades of
Peter himself was somewhat skeptical, but he couldn't let Bucky's insecurities about this mission transfer to him. He had to stay collected and sane, there was no room for error today. Who knows when they might get another chance like this?
They basically wanted to make the apartment look the same, but better, newer, cleaner... With Peter sick though, they didn't wanna go anywhere.
He said nothing to Sam or Steve.
"Довольно. He will talk."
Why did Wade do this? Why did Wade take her? Why did Wade betray him? Why? Why? Why?
Rumlow was finished before him, and as soon as he finished eating his plate was taken away from him. Rumlow pointed him to the bathroom door and says that the shower doesn't work so he'll have to take a bath. He didn't question it and stood.
"It isn't Steve's fault. We got bad information, which, if I recall correctly, came from you." Nat looked away to hide a small smile.
This was the time that Ned and MJ decided to intervene because they remembered that Peter had said that he'd been seeing someone, and it wouldn't be good for him to be caught hooking up with someone at a party.
problems with killing you. I don't think you mind though. You know that you deserve it. You deserve death, and so much more. You deserve to suffer!
If Steve noticed, he wasn't sure. (He did notice.)
Wade dug his thumbs into the soft skin of Peter's hips and the younger boy squirmed on his lap and it made their hips grind together. The action pulled a moan from the boy's lips and a smirk from Wade's.
The adrenaline was the only thing keeping him on his feet at this point, it was the only thing making him strong enough to do any kind of damage. He didn't have the time to be weak right now, his strength was the difference between living his life and dying.
Now it's up to Peter to lead them out.
"How did you escape?"
This was a place out of date and out of time. Old and dusty with windows that rattled when the wind blew. The floor creaked as they walked across it and Bucky's eyes fell on the shelves of their old belongings. The basket by the door with their books and Steve's old drawing pads was yellowing and falling apart. Tony'd had the electricity turned on, but none of them were so sure that any of the fixtures would actually work anymore.
"Buck, I think you're gonna give me another panic attack," he teased, loving the way Bucky laughed.
"It's hard to breathe," Bucky mumbled. Steve wasn't sure if it was because of the dust or because of the memories, but he agreed and wiggled open the squeaking windows. Slowly, they started to clean up. They dusted and swept and washed all day. This apartment only had one bedroom, which had been fine then, but now it was... Still fine, because they owned the whole building. Peter could have his own 'room' and all of the privacy he could want.
Loud boots were coming down the hallway, and they didn't even have to look to know that it was Bucky. He was angry, but what was new?
"You're going to apologize to Peter later." Bucky said before leaving the room.
Bucky walked back into the house and quickly opened Natalia's laptop. He double-tapped a button that brought up Friday. She greeted him and he returned it before asking that she bring up the signal from Peter's watch.
Bucky can't answer. "I didn't look anywhere else but the main cells."
Peter didn't look nervous in the slightest. If anything he looked more than ready to take on whatever may come at him today, and it kinda worried Bucky. Something about all of this wasn't sitting right with him, and he was prepared for this to be some kind of trap.
He'd served his days of torture for this, to see the man on the other side of the door. He got no rewards, no warm food, hell, no food. Rumlow had been starving him since he asked to see the man. He hoped going in there would be worth it.
Was it possible that Aunt May and Uncle Ben didn't know? No, that's impossible. They had to know. No. They couldn't have known, or else they would've told him, right?
"Peter!" His eyes flew open and above him he saw Wade, eyes wide. He was finally getting his breath back, for the most part. "I heard you screaming... Peter, it's just a dream."
The wall opposite him was lined with windows and outside he could see the sun cresting the horizon, but it was unclear to him if it was rising or setting. He had no bearings, and it was disorienting as fuck.
because the characterization of steve rogers at the end of endgame is wrong and you can't tell me otherwise. and also i wanted fluff cause i've been away and sad. sorry for both of those things. hope you guys haven't given up on me.
Even though he knew that he was safe here with Wade and that he'd never be judged for how he looked, he was still very insecure and started wondering if he could keep most of his clothes on.
Peter just thought for a long moment, deciding that he just wanted to ask the most unimportant questions. Maybe they were unimportant to others, but to them, these may just be the most important questions that could be asked. The questions that made them feel more human, as though they were more than what had happened to them.
Peter remembered when Mr. Stark took his suit away from him after the ferry incident happened. He remembered begging to keep the suit, telling Tony that he was nothing without it. He remembered the cold stare that Mr. Stark gave him. He remembered how cold Mr. Stark had been as he found clothes for Peter to change into. He remembers the harsh silence. There were no jokes, no laughter or smiles or inappropriate jokes about Aunt May to ease the tension between them.
The confusion on Wade's face was instant, and so was Peter's, as he felt something in his own abdomen. He looked down and saw a syringe in Wade's hand... The needle was pressed all the way into him, and whatever fluid had been inside, was now in his body.
Peter knew how to play the game. He rose from his chair, not missing the way that the assassin tipped his gun towards him, and slid over to the other man. He straddled the man's lap and as seductively as he could, said, "I want to see what they're doing to the masked man."
A smile blossomed on his face and he paused his game without hesitation to reply. Wade's text back was instant, and he was wondering if Peter would wanna come over for a milkshake if he could get away that is. Peter felt determined to be allowed out. It was now that he missed Aunt May's apartment more than ever. It was actually inside of the city, not hours away from everything and everyone he knew. He missed Delmar's, and Ned, and he was kinda starting to miss the loud bustling of the city around him.
He wondered where everyone else had gone. Surely he was just standing with them... Wasn't he? Where was he really? Was this real? And more importantly, what the hell just touched his shoulder?
Peter opened his eyes and Wade could see the tears in them. "Oh Petey, you're okay... It's over now." He released Peter, who launched forward to hug him. Wade held onto Peter's shaking frame and soothed him as he cried. "I've got you, Petey, it's alright."
Bucky looked up at him. "What?" His brows were knitted together in confusion and worry due to the tone of Peter's voice.
After the final moments of bliss had passed and everyone caught their breaths, they fixed their clothing and shared kisses and finished their coffee. Steve took to cleaning up any mess in the area while they waited for Tony to arrive with Peter and Bruce. Having Bruce over took some deliberation on all parts, but eventually, they decided, what the hell. Because Bruce was their friend, and despite everything, they still loved Tony and wanted him to be happy, even if it wasn't with them.
With one final look over her, he stepped out of the freezer, and closed the door, locking it in place behind him.
...yikes... sorry?
And now, it stands proudly once more, looking as good as new. And it basically was. Bucky's been having Stark repair it every day while Steve's been at work, and now that it's Christmas, he can unveil it to Steve as a working part of their past.
"Too?"
Once two in the morning rolled around, and Peter had been yawning off and on for nearly three hours, Wade put his phone down on the arm of the couch and sighed. "Petey, honey, I think it's time for bed."
Wade, who was not opposed to this side of Peter taking control, lifted his hips so Peter could pull his jeans off. Though any one of Peter's 'parents' could walk in at any moment, Wade knew that Peter absolutely loved the risk of being caught. If any of them thought something was gonna happen, they didn't seem too concerned. Wade hooked his fingers in the waistband of Peter's sweats and the two of them made quick work of getting them off.
All of those agents also knew what could happen to them if they were found out as traitors, so none of them so much as dared.
Somehow he felt more relaxed. "My name's Peter."
He tensed up and lay flat on his back on the top of the truck. He could hear the bullets and he could hear Steve's shield. He could not hear Sam very well.
. Peter's pained cries got to be loud enough that Rumlow grabbed the closest thing he could use to shut the boy up. A pillow. He kept it over Peter's face while he sobbed. Peter knew there would be no point in calling for help- nobody would come. Nobody cared.
Back in New York, Steve and Tony were sitting in a tiny cafe down in the southside of Brooklynn. The weather was nice and so was the coffee, and the company was pretty good too.
Peter was being very defensive, not just of himself, but of the scarred and unresponsive Deadpool that he refused to leave without. When they tried to lead him out, he fought and protested that he wouldn't leave without the man that was helping him escape, even if he didn't remember who he was.
Inside the Hydra base, on the very bottom basement floor, Wade and Peter were working on trying to escape. Their only other help was the imaginary James inside of Peter's head.
Everything that she used to be had been stripped clean away, like a car just before it's rebuilt.
He remembers a day in the middle of the spring that he called his birthday. He remembers a family that once belonged to him but was now long gone. He remembers younger siblings that looked up to him, and how he left them to fight for their lives... He remembers that he never came back to them. He remembers that once upon a time he made a promise to do just that and that the girl he made it to probably wasn't around anymore.
For once, he'd been right and he knew it based solely on the look of what could've been resign on Bucky's face.  He didn't have any goddamn right to do anything less than the other men laying down their lives for the good of their families, their country.
Peter nodded sheepishly and looked down. "Yeah... Yesterday."
Until Tony decided the kid needed to leave his room more and found a way to integrate his idea into something portable for Peter. His idea was reintroduced to Peter in the form of a smart watch that was continuously scanning his surroundings. FRIDAY was linked through it, so even off base Peter could stay in touch through her if need be. The watch's warnings were simple, several long vibrates meant a connection through Friday's intercom system, or a call. Several short vibrates meant someone was on their way to him. One continuous vibration meant that his heart rate was elevated, and the vibration wouldn't stop until his heart rate was mostly normal again.
When they get to his floor, and he means his because he's currently the only one on it, he smiles up at the little spider decoration on his door. Wanda used her powers just briefly to push the door open so she could push Peter inside. He looked around in awe.
Peter couldn't remember a day that he wasn't being locked up, drugged, or beaten. He couldn't remember a time that he wasn't being punished for not conceiving on their terms. The thoughts that once kept him sane in this place were now nothing more than distant memories, fantasies with faces he could no longer remember. All hope of escaping this place seemed to be the only thing that could ever escape the dripping concrete walls.
While poor Peter, passed out from the drugs Wade slipped into his food, slept soundly, Wade hooked the needle to the tube and stuck it into Peter's vein. He had a big enough bag to take two pints of blood, and sure it would leave him weak, but that's what Wade needed. Wade needed Peter to be too weak to come looking for him. The weaker he was, for the time being, the less danger he'd be in.
Feeling like he might be nearby somewhere, she called out, "So, how did you get us out of the alleyway without being seen?"
"That Wade freed."
Natasha stepped forward at the same time that Bucky stepped in front of Peter. "Tony!"
As long as the focus was on him being the bad guy, then he could make sure to keep the real bad guys out of the way. As soon as someone figured out they had a traitor inside their ranks, it'd be Civil War between them all. God knows that it wouldn't be one against all. They'd each pick sides with each other. There'd be someone that'd side with the traitor, simply because they were friends or lovers. The thought made Wade roll his eyes because even he wouldn't side with someone like that.
He handled everything a new year had to throw at him... For a couple of weeks anyway. What he didn't handle very well was when some new kids showed up and dialed the bullying up to an 11.
Bucky let his eyes trail over what Peter declared to be his goodbyes to everyone. He wanted to crumple the paper and throw it away because it was bullshit and wherever Peter was, he was alive. But he resisted that urge because when Peter came back he would need this letter. He carefully placed it back where he got it from and closed up the hidden compartment again.
"We found her in a room on the second basement floor... Cut open, ripped apart, whatever you will... The room she was in was cold, it slowed the decaying process, so she... Stayed... She stayed together longer, you could say... And I can't tell you why they did it, not really. I can't think of any reason more than that they wanted to get to you, and they thought she was the quickest way to make you break... And I'm so sorry that they did that to you, Peter... I can't even begin to imagine how you feel right now, and I know it hurts, but you're not alone, okay? We're all still right here for you, Peter, and we wanna do whatever we can to help you adjust to this new life, okay?"
"There is nowhere else to go." The head spoke again. It seemed like it was smirking at him, but he tried to avoid looking at it, instead, looking to the blonde. Realization washed over him like waves of the ocean.
"Only sometimes."
He didn't mind the blood or the smell that it caused. All he did was fall down onto the floor and use Wade's lap as a pillow.
He was fast enough to nearly beat Natasha at hand-to-hand, and he was getting sneaky enough that even Steve couldn't tell he was coming sometimes.
So he tucked Peter in, stuffed a hot pad under the blankets. The kid needed to sweat out whatever sickness was going on inside of him.
So Peter grabbed the next instrument he was meant to grab, a small scalpel in his left hand, and sat back down on the man's lap as he was told. He purposefully pushed his ass against Rumlow's hardening cock with a smirk.
"Alright boys, let's get this show on the road, we've got a lot of stuff here." Nat smiled as she sat on the floor by the bedroom door. Steve agreed and sat by the pile of boxes, the self-designated Santa Claus for the evening.
When Peter leaned back to look down at Wade, he looked downright sinful. His hip bones protruded out and Wade could see right up the slope of Peter's smooth skin. He could see the silvery lines crossing Peter's torso and he could see the silvery burns across his collarbone and hip.
that didn't even have any birth parents. They hadn't told him, and he didn't remember, but it wasn't hard to figure it out. He didn't look anything like these people and they were way too old to really be his parents anyways. Everybody knew who Steve Rogers was... Well, they knew who Captain America was.
12 minutes and 13 seconds. So they waited. "They" consisted of Peter, Bucky, and Wade, for emotional support. They were sporting civvies and hidden weapons.
"Peter."
"Choose your rewards."
He remembers scrolling through Twitter and seeing
"If anyone touches that boy, or tries to leave, I will shoot you, do you understand?" The question was met with a couple of quiet whimpers and mostly-silent nodding as they all raised their hands up in surrender. A knock from the other side of the door came, and it was the girl again, asking if she should call the police or not.
It didn't take the merc long to arrive at the apartment, and when he was greeted by a less-than-friendly looking redhead, he assumed that she had been the woman on the phone and decided that she wasn't the kind of person he wanted to get into a fight with.
Peter was not, however, bullet fast. And these men had guns. Like, big guns. Like they had guns the size of Peter's leg and it was exciting but so scary at the same time.
So Steve pulled him closer, kissed him deeper, held him tighter. He tucked Bucky's unruly hair behind his ear and cupped his cheek. He shifted until he hovered over Bucky. The brunette looked up at him with loving and still lustful eyes. See, Bucky didn't bottom very much, but when he did it was a treat for everyone involved.
Steve remembers coming home late that night and seeing the sheets covering some of the furniture, and not seeing Bucky at all. He knew that he'd be with the others, but some part of his pain riddled heart was hoping that Bucky would be in bed when he got back.
He's sure Peter would rather die than let anyone else get hurt, especially Stark, but again, only so much to be done.
The room was cold, no, not cold, it was freezing. And Spiders don't do well in the cold. This one would do worse, as he didn't have anything to protect himself from the bite of the chill... Another one of his fears, as irrational as it may seem. Freezing to death was pretty high up on Peter's list of things to be afraid of. The fear had increased significantly when the team got temporarily trapped in a blizzard in Niseko and Peter got lost in 12 feet of snow.
"Yes, and it wasn't obvious." Steve huffed.
And Bucky, who was now worried as hell and still down an arm had to think quickly because he could see the boy's hands and Peter needed his help so he'd do what he had to do. He moved like a flash and trapped Peter against the bed with his leg and brought his hand down on Peter's shoulder. The boy knocked out like a light and fell like a sack of potatoes against Bucky's leg.
The problem with that is simple: Wade and Peter were way ahead of whoever came to get him. It was pretty early in the morning when the fight broke out, and it's a two-hour drive from the base to the school. Peter had been waking up at 4:30 in the mornings that he slept so he could go to school and be there.
Tony couldn't hear the other end of the conversation, but he listened as Peter set up a meeting with Wade somewhere obscure at some strange time tomorrow. Once they hung up, Peter gathered his things, and very calmly said, "I need to talk to Bucky as soon as I get the chance."
He doesn't even know why he went to the gym, but he knows he stayed to beat the shit out of the punching bag. He chose to do some pull-ups and then decided to just go back to his room. With everyone gone and no permission to leave, there wasn't really anything else to do.
By the time everyone went home, the sun had already been up for quite some time, and Steve, Nat, Tony, and Bucky, all sat on the 'porch' outside of the apartment to just enjoy the fresh air as the day started for everyone else. Nat played with Bucky's hair, speaking calmly to him in Russian. He smiled down at her and kissed her forehead.
Knowing now that the boy really didn't know himself, who he is, who he used to be, made Wade angrier than he'd ever been.
Friday didn't alert Tony about Peter entering the lab while he was gone because Peter didn't need to hack the computer system for the door code. Peter knew he needed to hurry. Tony wouldn't be off base for long.
He wasn't prepared for Wade to show up with gifts for him though. His scarred hands were full with the straps of gift bags and a huge box and his face held a smile.
"Do you want these washed or thrown out?"
Tony looked towards the ceiling as if there were someone there. "FRIDAY, status report, where did the prisoner go?"
Peter turned around and saw Tony laying on the ground. His eyes were wide and unblinking. There was a hole in his chest where his heart was supposed to be and next to him was Steve. Steve's hand loosely gripped Tony's. Peter knelt down in the space between them. Steve's bleeding neck made Peter shake harder than he'd been in the first place.
He made sure to get the note to Bucky before he was finished packing, and the man thanked him with a kiss on the top of the head. Peter couldn't deny that knowing that he was going to be alone here in Wakanda scared him immensely, so much so that he wanted to cry at just the thought of Bucky abandoning him, even if it was necessary.
He rounded the couches to see Natasha laying across one. She had a gun lying next to her head, and her finger was still on the trigger. Her head hung off of the couch, as did one of her arms. Blood dripped down her face, and her hand was outstretched toward's Bucky's beaten body.
The wooden door opened partially, but even through the small opening Peter could easily tell that something inside was wrong. He pushed gently on the door and called for May again. The door opened all the way, only stopping when it ran into the table against the wall behind it. May was nowhere to be seen. Peter could see the dust floating through the air and coating all of the furniture. It was abundantly clear that nobody'd been here in months.
Bucky shook his head and scooted closer to Peter's bed. "Not at all. Pete, that's not my place. If you want to keep it, then I'm here to help you. If you don't want to keep it, I wouldn't try and make you. That's not my place."
After letting go of Tony's hair, Steve reached a hand down and grabbed Tony's absolutely delectable ass, bringing a whine out of the other man's mouth. Tony pulled away in favor of being able to take his pants off. Steve pulled his own down as well and pulled Tony into his lap.
Even though it didn't belong to him, Peter had taken to using it too. Some days it was the only coherent thought that he had.
Steve, who had returned without any perishables of the kind, could feel that something was off and sat his bags down before making his way into the bedroom.
He was determined to finally get Peter out of here. He should have done it months ago. He should have come right back to Peter after their last failed attempt at escape. He should never have let this happen in the first place, God, how could he be so stupid?
"You don't have to be sorry, Peter. I'm on my way."
Peter made the mistake of looking up next to one of these construction sights. Flashes of being back in that building came to Peter's mind. Flashes of being trapped.
"Be that as it may," Steve started, "we're not really in a position to pass on new allies. We need all the help we can get, and if this guy can get you out of the line of fire, Peter, you can damn-well believe that I'm going to trust him."
He got up and ran again, back through the double doors. This time he was in the dark, everything around him was pitch black. He could feel his spidey senses tingling, but he couldn't see anything coming.
thing.
He was alone in the tiny metal bed, and he couldn't make himself talk because he couldn't take in enough air to do it even if he wanted to. He climbed out of the bed as quickly as he could manage. His watch was going nuts.
He remembers the fall. He remembers the heartbreaking fear that was worse than any he'd ever previously encountered. He remembers the soul-crushing weight of the fact that not only was he going to die but that his Stevie was going to blame himself for it no matter what. He knew that Steve would think about the what-ifs. What if he was faster, what if their places had been switched, what if, what if what if.
"I have
"Like Wanda?"
So, it's short, but at least it's a chapter.
Peter already needed him, frantically yearning to keep Wade inside of him for as long as possible. He never wanted to lose this feeling he oh so desperately craved. He was obsessed with the feeling that fucking Wade brought to him. The carnal, animalistic desire to be pinned down and stretched open by Wade's monster cock was now stuck in his mind. He wanted to be the best Wade's ever had, and he wanted Wade to be the only one he'll ever have.
The tracks were practically useless to them right now. It told them which way the vehicle went, but without someone like Tony or Vision to look into what kind of tires these were, they'd never find the vehicle in time. They were practically at a dead end until someone could figure out exactly what these tires went to. It was pretty much all that they could do to retreat for the time being to let the professionals find the vehicle, and then find Nat.
Tony looked lost. "God, I really am just like my father, aren't I?"
Nat managed to talk the guys into letting Peter have a small gathering for the weekend, so the three of them could be alone. They were somewhere in Italy at the moment, and Peter's party had gotten a little out of hand. There were way too many people for this apartment.
"You know more about hiding than I do." Is all Peter says as he presses a few buttons and pulls both triggers at the same time. There's a small hissing noise and then the cell opens.
"That's just the thing, Tony," Bruce said in his regular quiet tone. "I have no idea how you feel. Ever. You don't talk about your feelings, you don't know how to express yourself. You don't talk enough for me to even have any idea how you feel about anything at all... So if you still have feelings for Steve, or you're just using me to get back at him for something, just tell me, will you? Cause I'm really tired of questioning where I stand."
He said okay, but asked Bucky to please pick up some of his stuff from home if they were going to be stuck in Wakanda. They were most likely going to be here for a long time at this rate, with so much goddamn crime and now the baby, so Bucky agreed without hesitation and asked Peter to write him a list of the things he wanted to be brought back.
Get in, get the data, get out.
Rumlow stood and walked around the room, once again scratching his head with his gun. "We were given orders. They passed down the vine and ended up in my lap. I was meant to do the dirty work, so I did. It's my job, Nat. The original job was just to torture the kid. Get him to go crazy so he'd switch sides. We were supposed to get him to betray you, but he wouldn't. He was a tough little cookie... But I was told to make him crumble, and they told me how, and I didn't particularly enjoy it but I did it. That's what this job is. Doing things you don't like because they tell you to. It's that, or you can bite their bullet without a second chance. It was my job."
Which meant that to anyone still keeping track, Peter Parker had been missing for six months.
All eyes in the room turned to Peter where he was now sitting up. He looked awful, as does anyone who spent hours bleeding out. Tony looked a little shocked that Peter was talking back to him, as he never usually had the guts to do so.
Sam chuckled as he took off his gloves. "It is, but don't let Steve hear you say that."
The moment they freed his hands he sat up and pulled them both close to his chest, pressing kisses to the tops of their heads as he spoke to them in the Soldier's native tongue.
Bucky finally managed to get out something in English, but all it was was "Stevie, Stevie, Stevie..." Over and over again like a mantra, the only word he could think of to say, but Steve understood.
Bucky nodded and looked at the ground. "I just... I got away once... Just for a little bit... I remember. I remembered... Was rememberin'."
Tony was probably wasting his time jerking off while the other parents worried about Peter. Natasha was probably running statistics of her own while she drove around to find him. Peter didn't doubt that she was the one to come and get him from school.
Tony didn't care if Steve was mad still, he was just glad to be in his arms.
Peter Parker was finally going out on a mission. It was nothing close to the mission he wanted, but it was a mission nonetheless.
Wade pulled Peter's shirt off the rest of the way and tossed it across the room. He thought he heard it thud against the window but he didn't care enough to look. Looking for the shirt would mean looking away from Peter. He could see the exact moment that Peter began to get self-conscious.
Wade got them this far, now it was Peter's turn to get them even farther. Peter lunged forward and the sound of gunfire filled his ears. He felt a surge of pain as he lunged forward. The only open place to stab the knife in was in the leg, which was convenient because his own gave out halfway to Rumlow.
Peter jolted awake, eyes wide and full of fear. His hands shook against the tiled floor he laid upon. Looming over him were all the adults in charge of him, Steve, Bucky, Nat, Bruce, Tony... Even Steven was there, looking puzzled as he checked Peter's eyes with a small light. Somewhere in his brain, he knew Steven was looking to see his pupils dilate or to see if he had a concussion from the fall onto the floor. He really did come as soon as he heard.
Peter bounced into the kitchen and hugged Bucky like he hadn't seen him in forever. In reality, it'd only been a couple of days since Peter was here last. Bucky hugged him and even kissed him on the head.
Steve nods from the door. "Yeah, Pete. All yours. You worked hard for this stuff."
Steve remembered the last time he saw the man and his scarred face.
The boy can't help but laugh and had to admit that he felt a lot better now that he knew Pepper had his back. So, for the hour that Tony was gone, they went through the store and while Pepper had already picked out what she needed, they found new things for Peter.
Peter is given the means to escape, they just aren't ideal. (Part 1)
He remembered when he'd found his phone for the first time, tucked beneath the pillows on his bed. He remembers scrolling through the thousands of notifications from things like Twitter and Snapchat and all the tons of text messages from people whose faces he didn't even remember anymore. He remembers looking through his Snapchat memories, seeing all of the photos he'd taken of his friends and all the places he'd been.
It took less than a second for Wade to realize that Peter had never done this before, and it was all thanks to the way Peter's body tensed up. Peter pulled out of the kiss and looked down at the older man. "W-Wade, I..."
(I'm not sure how long this will be or when I'll get a new chapter out. I'm going through some stuff right now and it's really taking a toll on me. I'd like to remind you guys that I'd like to start taking prompts if you could maybe leave some in the comments for me to come back to, that'd be so nice.)
Peter just shrugged as he put the iPod back into his pocket. "I went on a mission, got shot. I started this new show-"
Peter furrowed his brows at the box before tearing it open. Under the paper was a sleek black box. He glanced up at Wade who urged him to open it. Inside was a brand new pair of Hender Scheme NMD R1 Adidas and Peter had never felt more in love in his life. He took one of the black shoes out of the box and wanted to cry because these were the exact shoes that he wanted- and they retailed for over a grand. The fact that Wade spent this on him when they'd only known one another for so long meant a fuck-ton.
He didn't fuss, didn't hesitate, didn't fight back. He let Wade pull his head back and he looked blissed the fuck out. His eyes were hooded and his lips parted like there was nothing more on this Earth that Peter Parker loved more than being dominated.
"You let them torture me! You let them beat me! And all I ever did was trust you!" Peter screamed. Wade reached out for the boy's shoulder, but Peter yanked himself away and stepped towards Bruce, who had something in his eyes that Bucky couldn't place. "You stole me from everything! My whole life, gone like that!" Peter snapped his fingers, now directly in front of Bruce's face.
"Alright, Petey. Want you to be a good boy and cum for me now. Come on, baby."
Wade reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a pink iPod. "Give me your headphones."
No, what she did was probably worse... She told Bucky. And Bucky nearly killed him for it. Tony touched his throat where Bucky's fingers had once been, easily stealing away any chance he'd get to breathe.
On the wall across from Bucky were the x-rays of the bullet fragments that had been lodged in Peter's body.
He wiped his face on his jacket sleeve before stepping into the doorway and peering into his dark room. Even though there was no other light than that coming from the bathroom, he could clearly see a man's shadow standing in front of the window next to his bed.
A Christmas Special... and smut.
"You don't have Anthony with you, do you?" he asked.
She nods her head, though she didn't get much of a choice, and disappeared the moment Peter wrestled the ring off of his finger. He sighed. He needed to remember not to think about her while wearing the ring, as that was what brought her forward. He just dropped the ring onto the bed beside him and curled back up.
Peter overrides Friday and everyone is surprised.
Is he secretly thinking about how awful of a person Wade was? Is he thinking about how awful the sex was and how he wished he'd never done it and how he's going to decide he's asexual?
And they were going to get him back.
Peter's broken voice called "Dad," and Bucky struggled against his restraint. He could get out of here, if only he had his other arm...
Peter kept letting out little moans and whines against his lips and Wade swallowed them as if they were water and he was a man dying of thirst.
The AI quickly responded. "Mr. Parker is in his bedroom. His heart rate appears to be elevated."
Tony asked quietly about the makeup that was sitting out and asked if Peter was into that now. Peter, worried that he was being judged, said nothing at first. Not until Tony promised him that he was in no way making fun of him or judging him, and was just genuinely curious.
Peter felt for sure that the Merc was going to make fun of him, and as he turned to leave, he heard, "Wait. Despite my steely exterior, I'm actually bored as fuck down here by myself."
Bucky and Nat were both sporting more weapons than usual. This was their son and they were not about to arrive short-stocked on weapons and risk losing the boy forever.
And he wants to badly to be wrong.
"Right before Peter left, he said "Яблоко от яблони"." Steve had no idea what that meant because he, of course, didn't speak Russain. Natalia lowered her weapon. Steve asked for clarification, and in unison, both Bucky and Nat said, "Like father like son."
managed to blend in with the actual fucking government and claw his way to the top through the highest security, top secret government facility and use the knowledge to his advantage.
Steve agreed, it was a shame. "Does he know what he wants to do yet?"
He had sensed something was off about Tony recently, he just couldn't put his finger on it. Every time he approached the subject, Tony went on the defensive. Steve knew the signs. He knew what was happening, he just wanted to ignore it and be happy. He truly cared for Tony, but it was obvious that Tony didn't feel the same anymore.
So, they set back out to find Tony.
Bucky shifted on his toes and leaned against the railing the overpass to line up his shot. This one wasn't to kill, this one was to immobilize or at least injure him enough that he'd be a little bit easier to find. As he shifted the cross-hairs down onto Rumlow's thigh, something happened and he was temporarily blinded in the eye he was using to line up the shot.
Tony thinks he knows the truth. Part of him wants to be wrong.
"Я так виноват. Я так боюсь." He whispered.
Bucky hesitated for another beat before loosening his grip ever so slightly, and then all at once. Tony fell and crumpled to the floor, coughing and gasping for air, doubled over in a fit.
Peter was silent as a hot plate of rice and sausage was sat on the table in front of him. He awaited Rumlow's permission to eat, and as soon as he had it, he dug into it. His body wasn't used to food this good. He'd been eating cold grits every day for at least a month, so this was a treat. Rumlow ate across from him in silence, just watching the boy.
He knew Peter would protest everything that had anything to do with anyone else finding out about his wound, and so Bucky just sighed.
He did everything he could to forget about the horrible place that he was in. He did his best to try and block out the verbal abuse spat in his direction from whoever felt like it at the time. He tried to block out the sound of screaming from down the hall. God only knew who that was or when they'd be found.
The pair rounded a corner. "That's not important. What's important is that I got you out of there before any of your parents showed up."
He told her to wait, and that she could call the police as soon as he'd finished putting the fear of god into these kids. The fact that they were near adults that somehow found amusement in drugging underage kids at parties was disgusting, and if it weren't for Peter laying on the floor and looking up at Wade like he were a complete saint, none of these kids would still be breathing.
Peter quickly shook his head rather than speaking. He didn't trust his voice or the armed man across from him. The man just smirked and sat his gun down on the table, nodding his head all the while.
Peter looked around the room, dark and unfamiliar. The little girl was there again, her dress covered in blood. She was still as a statue, unmoving, staring at Peter with her bright eyes. She looked familiar, and not just from his dreams.
Tony unzipped Steve's jeans and pulled out his hefty length, wasting no time in leaning down and wrapping his lips around it. Steve reached a hand down and threaded his finger's through Tony's hair the way he knew Tony liked and gave the ends a little tug.
"Listen, Parker. If you shut up and let me touch you, you can have a third reward of my choosing. Maybe a warm bed? Shoes?"
Peter's body could heal broken bones in 24 hours. 3rd degree burns vanished in just 48 hours. So what was up with him now? He had a shoulder that hadn't healed at all in 34 hours and his burns hadn't even begun to heal... Tony didn't have any research he could do on this, there were no documents, no files. The doctors managed to set his shoulder, and after that, it healed fine, but his burns healed so slowly...
So unfazed that as of right now as they were making out, Peter was grinding his thin little hips down against Wade's. Wade had an arm wrapped around Peter, and the other hand on the boy's ass, rubbing and squeezing it as he pleased. Wade would be lying if he said the sounds Peter were making didn't make him want to have Peter right here on his new bed because they did. Peter himself didn't seem to opposed based on the way he was trying to get Wade out of his sweater.
She pulled back his covers and he scooted back down into them without a second thought. "You need to get some sleep, Peter. You're safe here."
Bucky began to doze off and Steve pressed a kiss to the tender skin of his temple, on the side where the old machines used to torture him, to prove that he was more than what happened and that he always would be. "I love you, James."
"I don't either." Her tone was soft, quiet. They both knew the dangers of The Life all too well, seen it firsthand one too many times, risked their lives for the good of everyone else, and for what? The constant near-death experiences? Kidnappings? Torture? Watching those closest to you endure the same? It wasn't a life that anyone wanted.
Though he declined becoming an Avenger, Peter eventually agreed to move to the Avenger's base... Per Aunt May's request.
Despite Peter missing, and all of the chaos, right now all Steve wanted was some normality. He wanted to make breakfast for his lovers and watch television with them. He wanted Nat to laugh at him while he tried for the umpteenth time to figure out the coffee machine. He wanted to cuddle and kiss them and tell them everything would be fine.
Hydra wanted this baby, Hydra wanted him to have this baby. He didn't get to choose. He didn't even get to choose the father of this baby, and that would haunt him forever. He wasn't even sure if he wanted to
Wade took a breath. "No, Petey, they can't. But killing you would do the job."
Peter's lip was quivering. He was young and fragile, a version of Tony Stark that Tony himself had not been in so many years, and now a carbon copy form of his emotions was laying right here in front of him, vulnerable and almost pleading for love and Tony shook his head.
Peter's parents find out that he's been wounded, oops.
The door rattled as it slid up the old rusted tracks and groaned when he pulled it still. Natalia slipped under the door and he did the same before pulling it back down to the ground with a clang and a cloud of dust.
Peter would be safe, and Bucky would finally get away...
Each strike stung worse than the last. Each blow landing like a bomb to the Earth. The skin ripped on impact, the sores festered and bled. Lips split open and eyes swelled shut. Teeth and blood fell to the floor and bruises covered him head to toe.
"This is... Mine?"
Wade grabbed Peter by his slender hips and pulled him closer. Peter wrapped his arms around Wade's shoulders and straddled his lap like it was something he'd done a thousand times already. Wade didn't miss the way that Peter was holding his hips up. It was almost as if Peter was unsure about this, about Wade.
Peter put his cup down on the table and carefully took Wade's from him to do the same. Just as Wade opened his mouth to speak, Peter closed the distance between them to smash their lips together.
Wade's been around long enough that he knows what this kind of body language means. Except. Peter keeps looking this way, and he wouldn't do that if he wasn't still interested in Wade still. So what was it? What goes on inside of Peter Parker's head?
When he next opened his eyes, he was somewhere different. Inside of another small room with no windows and this time no doors, no way to escape. The room he was in was dimly-lit, closed in. The room had no more than a five-foot span in any direction. Peter could stretch out his arms and touch both walls, but he couldn't stand up straight. The five-foot ceiling wouldn't allow it.
When Peter woke again at around one, the cabin was silent. He pulled his sweatpants back on and was in the middle of pulling his shirt on as he walked out of the bedroom. Wade was nowhere to be seen.
Bucky laughed and exhaled heavily. "I've got it right here, Stevie... I told you I'd never lose it. How's Becca?"
Bruce looked frustrated and Bucky wanted nothing more than to kill Bruce where he stood. But he wouldn't. Bruce was Steve's friend, and he wouldn't be any kind of opposed to letting Peter get his answers. He deserved them after all, and Bruce wasn't trying to run.
But again, Wade tends not to give a shit about anyone that isn't himself sometimes, and so the next time that he catches Peter looking, he doesn't hesitate in lunging across the couch and smashing his lips onto Peter's.
On every wall he came to there was no light switch to be found and the darkness continued to consume him. He saw something dart across the hallway not far in front of him. A sweeping mass of uncertainty lingered around him as he went. He knew that whatever was following him could not be stopped. It could be slowed down at the least, with webs, but he still didn't have his suit.
Not anymore.
Wanda and Vision were fucking guys up left and right. Agents were being kicked, shot, thrown and blasted all over the place and somehow in the chaos, some of them felt oddly at peace.
He followed the carnage through the house, and then out the other side. He heard cursing, and then Bucky's heavy boot steps behind him.
"My name is Rumlow. You may know me from the news as Crossbones. You can call me either, but
And Peter pulled back, eyes wide. "Give me the numbers."
Wade took the hint and tugged, not missing the way Peter's jaw went slack. Wade took advantage of that and used the grip on Peter's hair to push his head down. Peter moaned, like it was the best thing that'd ever happened to him and doubled his efforts of pleasing Wade.
Wade gives Peter a few minutes to calm down before he stands and grabs the last and large box from the floor.
Except, he knew that he wouldn't be caught, because he had a guy on the inside that was on the same team as he was. Well, sorta on the same team. It was like a double-double agent type thing he thinks.
Wade seemed to be thinking the same thing just by the way he hung back a couple of steps behind Peter. He'd already been told that if shit hit the fan, Peter was their top priority, as he didn't have powers anymore.
Bucky liked cooking now that he was back. He cooked more often than not, and everyone was impressed with how quickly he was learning. He was learning at a pace faster than Steve when it came to cooking. Bucky denies the credit, telling everyone that he just watches a lot of the cooking channel in his free time- which he has a lot of now. That's also how he managed to catch up on almost 80 years of pop culture references and music.
"Nat... Why... Why am I here?" He pressed his palms flat against the glass and she looked to the floor at the sign of vulnerability.
wasn't enough to make her heart break for him. She didn't think she'd ever heard him so afraid of anything in her life before now.
He was good at it. Or, he thought he was anyways. It stopped working on Bucky after about three months of them knowing one another.
He always woke with a jolt, and a quick reflex to hit whoever was too close. It made him feel awful that he'd hurt someone else. He was supposed to be getting better, and now he was. But Peter was having nightmares now. He'd become so claustrophobic that he got antsy standing in the elevator for more than three minutes at a time. It was awful to watch Peter suffer like that, and they all wished there was more that they could do.
Peter wonders if this could be the church Steve attends, and with a quick question to Nat, it's proven to be the one. He knew Steve couldn't make it, as much as he wanted to. Work was keeping him busy today, but that was okay. Peter knew that his dad had a life and he'd do well to respect it.
Wade pulled the shirt out of the pile and stuck it by Peter's laundry basket before kicking the rest of the clothes away. He helped Peter to stand outside of the tub while Wade ran the water to a good heat before helping Peter back into it. He told him to sit and relax for a minute and Peter obliged, letting his muscles relax a little in the hot tub. Wade gathered the ruined clothes and dropped them into the trash before starting a load of Peter's laundry for him. He threw a couple of big towels and pajamas into the dryer to let them run for a while and get warm.
Steve didn't answer again, but Tony noted his raised brow, an expression that said 'gee, you think?' but nonetheless, he carried on.
Bucky touches his knee and Peter instinctively takes a breath, allowing Bucky his chance to talk just as Wanda reappears in the door with Steve and Nat behind her.
Rumlow tossed the small boy onto the small bed and stared back into Peter's wide eyes. How to break a soul? A mind? Start with the body of course, and the rest will follow. He leaned over the child before him, because that's what he was, a child, and smirked. He grabbed the boy's jaw and leaned in close.
He looked down at the boy he... loved? In shame.
Everyone went a little still when there was a knock on the door. Bucky motioned for Peter to stay put before going to open it. Bucky was met with the red mask, and also an old tacky Christmas sweater and he laughed before ushering Wade inside.
to start. Secondly, this guy helped fucking torture him for almost 10 goddamn years, kidnapped their son,
Steve just scoffed a little. "As you should be. I'm not the one you need to be apologizing to."
to his lover, but he knew he could already expect a
TW: gore, puke, death. I actually cried writing this one, so I feel bad for you guys.
Peter hacks into Tony's computer and nobody seems to notice.
A CHILD....... WHAT THE FUCK.
So, Pepper led both boys through the store with a smile and helped Peter check off the things he was missing. Foundation, concealer, pressed powders and the like. Peter kept looking at the cheaper stuff, but Tony kept reminding him that he was allowed to get whatever was the best, even if it was expensive. Tony had a lot of money that he could spend on Peter, and he wasn't going to let the boy forget it.
(Christmas Special part 4)
Peter nods and smiles up at Wade, who blushes.
He only knew so much though, because Peter only knew so much. So far, Peter had managed to sneak them down two hallways and into the room where Rumlow would keep him every day.
Wade and Peter find out which parent came for Peter. It doesn't go very well.
Peter could hear footsteps on the stairs. He yanked the chip out once the folder was on it and pressed a couple of buttons to close everything. With the press of another button, the computer went back to sleep just like he'd found it and he slid underneath the desk to hide.
"Buck, what the hell are you talking about?" Steve asked as he put his cup down on the counter.
Rescuing people was so deeply ingrained into Steve's mind that he spared the bad guys. He didn't really kill unless he needed to. There was always someone else to do the dirty work. Steve had his strategies, everyone else was good with the
Bucky rolled his eyes, "Yeah, hi, apparently we're not all privy to the same information so if you could stop speakin' confidential martian and start speakin' English like the rest of us, that'd be nice."
And then he was jolting upright, fully awake in bed again with Steve gripping onto his metal arm and keeping it pinned to the bed. Nat was nearly sitting on his other arm to keep it pinned down as well as she called his name.
But then he remembered what the priest had said, about him having no real sins to confess... How someone forced him to kill May and it wasn't his fault... But it was, wasn't it? They were his hands that cut her, hurt her, pulled her apart and then some. How could it not be his fault? How could he not deserve this?
She could barely hear Steve's soothing voice over James' sobs, but after a while, even those quieted down until the apartment was nearly silent once more. She knew that James might blow up several more times today, and when he did she'd be there for him.
Peter sat still as a statue when Bucky got his hands on a gift from Peter. He opened it slowly, carefully. He could hear whatever it was rattling a little, and he hoped to God that he hadn't broken whatever it was. Once he pulled the box open though, he stilled. Inside was a toolset, but not like a regular toolset, it was a custom made carbon fiber toolset that Peter special ordered. Bucky looked up and the pair made eye contact. Peter shifted where he sat.
uuuuuhhhhh.....?
Peter leaned close to Sam, who was like a brother to him. "Who the hell is that guy?"
TW: gore, self-mutilation, non-con (r*pe) and also relatively detailed smut.
Bruce shook his head quickly. "Don't you worry about me. Let's get you some water and get you some rest so you can heal." He began to scoop Tony from the floor. Tony protested but was ultimately too weak to deny the help.
Bucky didn't answer. Instead, he just sat.
Wade must have noticed because Peter heard a gun cock. "Let him go."
"What's this for?"
"Okay? You're not gonna tell me I shouldn't keep it?"
. He paid no mind to the boy trying to wiggle away from his touch. He was in a small tub, there was nowhere to go.
Peter's bottom lip quivered as Bucky took in the sight of the straps holding him to the hospital bed, and Bucky wanted nothing more than to be out of his bed to hold the boy.
His watch started to vibrate, but he ignored it too, not even bothering to look and find out why. The steady vibration was one that he knew. He could feel his heartbeat speed up, but he focused on taking a couple of deep breaths to try and relax. He didn't even know what he was getting so worked up about.
Peter felt hot tears rolling down his cheeks and he was so focused on the thought that maybe this man was telling the truth and nobody really wanted him, that he almost missed being injected with something. He squirmed.
"My old man used to yell at me and I turned out fine."
It wasn't until Bucky followed his gaze did he understand why.
The conversation skipped a beat before Peter nodded. Steven sighed. "To what? To all of it?"
He remembers spinning the lovely story to Steve about how he'd buy it for them and they'd spend their late nights dancing together in their tiny living room space to the sound of the old music. He remembers the day it became more than a story and Steve came home to the radio standing tall and proud and clean, wrapped with a single twine ribbon around the front of it, and the smile on Bucky's face. He remembers the first time they danced to the music together, awkwardly swaying together in the tight space they'd cleared to do so.
Steve, despite Tony's whining protests, kept it going slow. He knew just how to make him fall apart, and by God was he already doing it.
Tony lowered his hand. "Open the door for me, Friday."
He was never theirs. He was once someone's son, someone's brother, someone's lover. They stole him away, and it was no accident. Zola wanted him the moment he was on their base. All of the others disappointed him, they failed the experimentation. This one was the only successful subject at the time, and here he was, 77 years after his first encounter with Hydra, and he was ready to kill, just like he'd been trained.
As of right now though, she didn't exist yet, and by the looks of things, she wouldn't for a while. He sat on the closed lid of the toilet and made a call directly to the man who made him the serum that he gave to Peter.
He heard an Agent say something about having guarded agents nearby, in case they found the secret entrance into the basement area. The other Agent asked why they didn't just go up there and kill them all, and Peter cried out again, begging for them to be left alone.
Everyone has their bad days. Some are just worse than others. Others are much, much worse.
After another long, sleepless week of trying to follow Peter's scattered bread crumbs, they came to a stop. They had all the crumbs they needed to piece the loaf together. Peter's clues were few and far between, but once Bucky found the first one scratched into the paint on the train he took to find Wade, they weren't too awfully difficult to notice once they happened across them.
From around the corner, a clean-shaven Rumlow appeared. "There was an apartment to the left of you. Just kinda dragged you through it."
Peter stretched out on the bed a little and his shirt rode up to reveal a patch of tan skin that Wade just couldn't stop himself from kissing. It made Peter shiver again and Wade took it as a sign from above that little Peter was getting off on the idea of Wade, too.
"Peter called May yesterday. He was practically begging to leave. He says it's a bummer here. That everything is so far away. His friends, his school, the places he used to visit... It's finally come to my attention that maybe this isn't the best place for a teenager."
"Who the hell are you?"
MJ and the other girl had Peter propped up against a wall. He was dripping with sweat and staring off at nothing. He was shaking, and after a minute he began heaving, but it only lasted a second because in the next he was throwing up all over himself. The other girl called for Wade, who only poked his head out of the door. The merc's heart dropped when he saw his boy, shaking and vomiting with no idea what was happening whatsoever.
The boy flinched and turned his head to look and when Bucky saw his face he was nothing but angry. The right side of Peter's face was bruised and swollen and his eyes were full of tears. Bucky could only imagine the pain he must be in, and what the extent of his injuries might be.
Bucky is there roasting some kind of meat on the stove, and with him is the tall blonde named Steve. Peter thinks it might be easy to confuse the two Stephen's if they looked anything alike. This Steven was engaged to Bucky and is very nice to Peter. Next to them is Natasha, who he learned was a spy. She's also dating Bucky and Steve. He didn't really understand how that worked, but he wasn't going to judge.
Scott was covered in blood, and draped across his legs was Mr. Banner, a single bullet wound to the temple... Except, if there was one thing that Peter knew about angles, it's that this one wound in the whole room was self-inflicted.
When he looked up, Wanda was with him, and she looked worried as all hell. He assured her that he was fine, but now he was just tired and he was sorry for calling her all the way down here for nothing. She doesn't believe him, but doesn't press, instead insisting that he could call whenever he needed, even if it really was nothing, and she would be there.
She wasn't real, but he scoffed anyways. "Yeah, thanks. Last I saw, you didn't look so great either."
"Woah, hey, no! No, they're all totally alive. I mean, they were when I left! I left them all alive." Peter's chest was heaving. The thought of losing another set of parents angered him to no end.
Peter was panting, eyes quickly shifting around the room. He could feel the tears on his face, and he could feel Bucky's gaze on him, but he didn't care this time. He was afraid, anyone could see. Peter was just a kid, who'd been through something traumatic.
Peter slipped Wade's bag off of his shoulders and sat down on it when it landed on the ground. Wade didn't even look phased by this.
'If the only thing I can do for the team is take a bullet, then so be it' he said. His words kept playing on a loop in Tony's head. Tony realized that Peter was right, he did give them the information, so it was partly his fault.
He'd murdered a man they both once knew. And his wife. And left their child, the man they both once felt for, orphaned.
He ran back to the door, but on the other side was no longer the apartment building, but the long hallway outside of his room at the Avenger's base. He ran towards what Tony called the Party Room.
Steve hated hearing Bucky say such things about himself, but he couldn't get close enough to Bucky to hold him. He was manic, metal hand tightly gripping his knife. Steve knew Bucky wouldn't intentionally hurt him, but when he got like this there was no telling what might accidentally happen.
He came up to her door and had finally had enough of being nice and calm. He knocked, or rather, banged on the door. "May! Hey May, it's me, it's Peter! Open up will you?"
And on the topic of Wade coming, Tony was the only one phased. Which, was weird. Even after Wade tried to kill them, they seemed so content when he was around. Almost like he wasn't any kind of problem, to begin with. Almost like the fight never happened... But it did, didn't it? Their wounds, those were real, right? There's no way all of them would fake something like that... Right?
Steve and Nat were stunned. Bruce was startled, to say the least, and Stark was downright terrified as he desperately fought Bucky's grip. The world's number one most deadly assassin, The Winter Soldier, was halfway between murder and a mental breakdown (though one supposes they go hand and hand sometimes) right in front of them... The most terrifying man in the world was in tears.
Peter was not
Maybe Peter wanted Wade too, but nobody else needed to know that.
She's still playing with Peter's hair when she looks up at him. "He sees us die, James. In his dreams."
"Look at you, Petey... My pretty boy.." And Wade got a moan out of Peter on that one, which led Wade to believe that the only thing Peter Parker liked more than being dominated, was being complimented.
Peter smiles widely when his eyes fall on Wade and his red suit. His voice comes out as a gasp as he quickly rises from the bed, tripping over the blankets as he does so. "Wade!"
Peter swallowed, then nodded. "Yes."
He was determined to earn some freedom, no matter what it took.
Peter spent his nights awake and opted for only napping a half an hour at a time during the day. He'd consumed more coffee in a month than Tony ever would in a year. Aunt May called a few times but always hung up after a while. Peter understood, he knew she had things to do. He didn't know what things, but he figured they were important if she was hanging up on him to go do them.
Steve's cheeks turned dark red as Nat pulled his Christmas themed pajama pants down to his knees and started kissing his bare hips. Steve stuttered as Bucky grabbed Nat's hair with one hand and pulled her head closer to his crotch. Her lips glided along his dick and he gripped the countertop behind her head. Steve's been too involved with work and Christmas to have any time to enjoy himself, and what better time for an intervention than 4:30 on Christmas morning?
Which parent, he didn't know. Whichever came to get him when Ned called... Speaking of, Peter needed to have a talk with Ned about that one.
dedicated to @NekonomeLilyith
He looks around at all of the things around the room. Monitors, the large windows, the Black Panther suits in the corner. He nods, though he's not really listening because she's not saying anything. "I'm Peter.. It's a nice lab."
Peter didn't understand why he felt so sick all of a sudden either. Was it the thought of only being free of Hydra for so long, or was it the trauma of what just happened catching up to him? How long has it even been? How long was he asleep?
"Yes! You took him out on a mission even after I told you not to! He wasn't ready!"
If that's all he could get right now, he'd take it.
Natalia touched his leg and snapped him back to attention. She smiled before sliding a large box in front of him. "Be careful with this one, James. It requires a lot of care."
With another deep breath, the poured the alcohol onto the wound and let out a soft cry from the added sting.
Bucky stormed across the room and stuck the barrel of his gun against Rumlow's throat. "No, you're not dead yet. But you put your hands on my son."
All Nighter setting spray and a travel bottle,
And Wade just laughs and it's like music to Peter's ears and the sound brings a smile to his face and he has no idea why. A flash of memory provides him with an image of him and Wade sharing the small space of a twin sized mattress in someone else's cabin on someone else's dime and his cheeks flush a rosy pink that he can't control. And of course Wade notices, but for once he keeps his words to himself, instead opting to tell Peter that he didn't have to get him anything.
Peter spends the afternoon in the big city with Wade (part 2)
He didn't think that any of those bullies would think about bothering Peter now that they'd seen what he can do when he gets angry. Bucky thinks kids like that are the reasons for school shootings, and the online statistics only helped to further his theory... But Bucky didn't care much for statistics, he mostly cared now about results, and he'd do whatever it took to get them.
"I... Bought this for you, right?" She nods, watching the way that Peter smiles over remembering that he gifted the bracelet to her.
Peter nodded and the man, Rumlow, continued.
And then everything finally went black.
"He... He betrayed you... He went... He went behind your backs and he..." Bucky's hands were shaking. Nat already suspected that there was a reason that Bucky was reacting this way to something so... Mediocre, but she didn't know what. She looked to Steve, who seemed to already have it all figured out.
Standing on the road, the three looked up at the old building. Natasha seemed ready to see the place that her boys used to live, but Steve and Bucky were glued to the ground they stood on. It's been such a long time since they've seen this place.
Peter spends an afternoon with Wade in the big city (part 1)
And Peter could no longer tell the difference between what the real torture was, and what wasn't. It all felt so real. From being boxed in, to May's lifeless corpse.
When Peter woke, he was in a room that looked all too familiar. Crisp white and glass surrounded him and he instantly knew where he was. He sat up quickly but felt dizzy. He felt a sharp pain in his arm from where he'd yanked on his IV and his blood drip, but he yanked both needles out, shocked and afraid. What had happened to him? And where was Wade?
Wade laughed and rubbed the boy's back. "Over two grand."
Bucky trembled under his touch and let out a breath. He knew what Steve was thinking, but Steve quickly moved passed it so he wouldn't freak Bucky out any farther. He stripped himself and Bucky both from their shirts and he could feel Bucky's erection against his hip.
"You know, I feel a little spoiled, Wade. You spent a lot of money on me."
The assassin across from him looked more than intruiged at the question and leaned forward, elbows on his knees. "What kind of privileges?"
Peter's voice is sweet like honey as he presses his cheek to Wade's thigh. "Can I blow you, Wade?"
Steve paused and looked up at the idiotic love of his life and leaned against the counter. "It's Christmas."
Last night, though, he spent all of his time in the kitchen preparing a large breakfast, the room around him lit only by the colorful decorative lights that Steve insisted on stringing up in the Holiday Spirit. Natasha insisted on the small table-top tree, so they could at least say that they had one. Covering the floor around the tree was a stack of presents as tall as Bucky's hip. The bottom of the tree was hidden beneath the sparkling wrapping paper and twine.
Cold. She knew it was cold. The goosebumps on both of their arms proved that. If he wasn't going to shoot her then... Then he was going to make her suffer.
Nat smirked a little, already guessing Bucky's reply. Bucky swallowed and delivered, "I'm Jewish."
"You're Eddie Brock... I've seen your show..."
also, since I skipped Halloween and Thanksgiving but still made the anniversary of the Starks, I have a surprise for you
Peter wasn't zoned in all of the way. He was aware of the weight on his shoulders from his books in Wade's backpack. He could hear the cars passing on the street. He could feel Wade's grip on his arm as he led them through the concrete jungle.
They agreed and MJ lead the way. The girl seemed obedient enough to follow some simple instructions, and she was. She stood still as a statue while MJ was showering, and her own shower was quick. They then locked up the apartment and came back downstairs. They found Wade sitting on the side of the tub, messing with Peter's hair.
"I won't let them hurt you anymore. I'll get you out of here."
The flashing lights in his room finally made their way into his thoughts, and he could finally feel the watch endlessly bussing on his wrist. The door opened and there stood not Bucky as he expected, but Tony. He looked worried as all hell for Peter, and in truth he was.
Pulling up to the multi-story apartment building, the nerves in Peter were a little bit overwhelming. He asked for the third time if they were positive that Wade was going to meet them here, and for the third time, Nat patiently agreed, saying that he should arrive shortly.
Peter knew what was happening, he knew he needed to get back inside, but all he really wanted was to find Wade. He went to walk towards the treeline, but tripped and landed in the dirt. He let out a sob.
Peter's head turned towards the bathroom once he was finished vomiting, and then he was out. Passed out against the wall and covered in puke.
Peter needed time to be alone. Well, alone as Wade would allow him to be right now was as alone as he was going to get for a while. Peter knew it was only a matter of minutes before Tony started pinging Peter's phone off of nearby cell towers and started a search to find him. He'd left the school over an hour ago, but he knew that at least one of his parents was in the area already looking for him.
T'Challa sighed softly, "He is different."
She was no longer his aunt. Now she was merely just the husk of what she used to be. It was her skin. Her hair. Her bones... But it wasn't her.
"it's hard to breathe"
"Shh, I'll take care of you, Petey, don't you worry."
Another double update since the last chapter was so short!
The whole butterfly effect was really getting to him. If he'd skipped work, Peter wouldn't have been drugged, but the bad guys also would have got away scot-free. And there was no way in hell that he was about to let that happen. No, this was a ladder that he was working his way up. The more jobs he took, the more money he had, the more trust he had. Everything worked according to plan. And the plan was to move forward... But not like this.
