Tony ran back to Steve and closed the cellar door again.
“Well, you’re not showing yet,” said Phil to Steve, totally deadpan. “Can’t be too far along.”
“What? Who?” Bucky wanted to know.
Predictably, Tony whisked him away before he could so even so much as eye the couch. They traversed what seemed to be the entire length of the manor and ended up in a room so vast, so splendidly decorated, that Steve’s mouth fell open. He’d always thought that the Hogwarts Christmas decorations were the pinnacle of holiday extravaganza, but compared to Tony’s ballroom, they had been positively rustic. There was nothing homey about the room, though; it glittered in shades of winter, from starkest white to glacier blue. Enormous chandeliers dripping with icicles hung from the vaulted ceilings, giant snow crystals and fairy lights whirling among them. Snow covered trees with sculpted ice ornaments stood between the tall arched window, exquisite snow sculptures here and there. Everything was larger than life and Steve felt about two feet tall. He shivered, despite the room’s very pleasant temperature.
wasn’t going to do anything here. He could probably get through, given a little time, Steve was good with wards, but it took McGonegall eight hours last time, apparently. He checked the walls next to the door. Solid stone, expansion charm, but no wards. Brute force it was, then. He aimed his wand and blasted a hole next to the door, following it up by a quick stasis spell to avoid being brained by any delayed downward action of the bricks. His mouth fell open after he’d crawled through the hole. Tony’s workshop was like all movie sets from all mad scientist movies ever, jammed together. There were cauldrons smoking and colorful liquids bubbling in glass flasks and tubes that crisscrossed the room like hamster tunnels on crack. There was a large collection of mysterious metal parts floating in the center of the room that looked like a slowly rotating cloud of asteroids. There were benches and tools everywhere and various walls were stained black by past explosions, by the looks of it. Metal rods were sticking out of the walls and ceiling at random intervals. Steve would have stood and stared like a dunce, if it wasn't for the frantic calls of the house elf, who had appeared in a slightly singed portrait across the room. And then Steve hear it, the angry rumbling of some large piece of machinery. He ran around the island of worktables with the asteroid cloud above it and came eye to eye with the strangest motorcycle he had ever seen. For one thing it had eyes to come eye to eye with and the wheels seemed to have thousands of tiny spokes instead of rubber tires and the spokes looked sharp and were- oh God, that was Tony Stark on the floor being attacked by a raging bike.
"Wise," smiled Steve. Maybe it was. But more importantly, there was no chance in hell Tony was going to be orchardless in June. Just in case Steve hadn't been joking.
kissing. It was a little tentative at first, as if neither of them could believe they were actually doing this, right here, right now in the Avengers' tower in the 21st century, but it grew more confident rapidly. Steve took his time exploring Tony's mouth and Tony didn't care how long he took. Every second, every moment, was perfect. He carded one hand through Steve's hair and snuck the other one under his t-shirt. Steve's breath hitched at the touch and then he was pressing himself closer to Tony, moaning into his mouth. Tony thought he might be able to spontaneously combust, just from kissing Steve. He lost track of time in the best way possible.
Tony stared at her. What the ever living fuck? He'd bet a million dollars that she had spent more than a dozen Christmasses alone. Same for Clint. And Bruce would never have risked bringing the Hulk to a Christmas dinner with friends or family, if he had any of the latter, Tony'd never asked. And Steve...
“Who? Me? I thought I wasn’t even supposed to be allowed to buy my own clothes, let alone have an opinion on them?”
"What on earth did you do to him?" asked Steve when they were gone.
“Fine. Then Clint and I will take our black souls shopping for decorations and baking supplies and
"Guys," admonished Steve mildly, and Tony swallowed a scathing reply. He shot a quick glance at Steve, who was smiling benignly at his traditional little gingerbread men and sugar cookie Christmas wreaths. He swallowed hard and went back to work. Clint went back to kitchen, mumbling what sounded like an apology. 'Twas truly the season of miracles, apparently. Either that, or Steve's people managing skills were miraculous and Tony wasn't ready to add that to the guy's exhaustive list of good qualities. He was killing Tony as it was.
"Nah man, there were like four Katnisses in there. Katness? Katni? I could recruit an army of Katni!
And they abruptly came to an end when Tony finally eased the bike down onto the lawn of a manor so fucking fancy that Steve knew instantly he was in way, way over his head.
"You're not hurt," Steve whispered finally. Tony shook his head mutely. Steve swallowed hard and closed his eyes, which should have broken the spell, but Tony wouldn't have moved away even if the tree behind him had burst into flame. Then Steve leaned forward and rested his forehead against Tony's and Tony closed his eyes too. His hand came up, almost of its own accord, and came to rest on the back of Steve's neck.
“Really, Tony. Are you paraphrasing, or are those the words he actually used?”
“It’s going completely over my head. Is there seriously that much significance to what people are wearing?”
opportunity? But what the hell had that second one been about? Tony couldn't remember ever having been kissed like that. He could only think of a couple of kisses that weren't let's-have-sex-soon-kisses. There were the not-now-Tony-I'm-busy-pecks he'd often gotten from Pepper and the well-done-boy-kisses, also from Pepper. This kiss had been closest to the latter, but had been entirely different and he just didn't know what it meant. Or what he wanted it to mean. Actually, he had an inkling of the latter, but he should let that rest for now, for the sake of his sanity.
"How fares Sir Galahad?" His voice was hesitant and his eyes cut over to Lancelot for a fraction of a second.
A real witch joined them of her own free will. She showed up at the gates one morning, seated on a pretty horse, with a maid and two guards in tow who glared suspiciously at Tony when he met them in the courtyard.
today, because you were so quiet. Quiet doesn't suit you. Things are wrong when you're quiet."
“Admirably efficient,” Tony finally conceded. “I’d never have thought of going through the wall. Gotta fortify the walls now. And I guess I had better add you to the door ward exemptions.” He suddenly grinned at Steve. It was like staring into the sun.
"Pleased to meet you, Colonel Rhodes." Tony was sure Steve's smile was doing nothing to help cure Rhodey's internal squeeing. Or maybe he only had that effect on Tony.
“I don't know.” She continued in a softer voice. “Maybe if I practice. Nobody ever asked me to. Everyone who knows has made me swear to keep it a secret and to never do it again.” She looked up at Tony, the defiance back in her face. “I am not so good at keeping promises.”
"I'll have to strap them to my calves, too bulky for my pockets, but they should fit under the pants legs. Can you dig those sex toys out of the closet? I think Del has a leather harness we can re-purpose."
Then he had a mild conniption at the implications of using the word 'couple' without feeling an immediate need for disclaimers. And he felt the blood rise to his face when he remembered the nature of that second kiss. That had been... Oh dear lord.... It was so new that it was barely even there, but at the same time he didn't think he'd be able to uproot it even if he wanted to. If he were home, he would have run, not walked, to his workshop right now to lose himself in circuitry designs until he'd managed to forget how fucking awkward it felt to be the Tony Stark part of a couple.
It had been quite a shock when the vet had told them the day before. Not only that he had misgendered Stevie, but really, five cats were plenty and now he was going to have even more. The coaster had rolled all the way under Clint’s chair and he had to use his foot to drag it closer before he could pick it up. When he finally resurfaced with it everyone was staring at Steve and Steve was giving Tony looks of a very not amused quality. Tony replayed in his head what he had said.
Then Steve lifted his head and Tony wondered where the hell he went and why. Opening his eyes and looking up he saw that Steve was curling in on himself to look down between them. He was breathing raggedly. Tony followed his gaze and, oh fuck, the sight of their dicks sliding in and out of Tony’s fist between the curtains of Steve’s loose hanging dress shirt… Both of the heads popping through Tony’s slick fingers, together. It was hot as hell and Tony wanted to spread his legs wider, to spread more for Steve, but he couldn’t because of the seat back.
letting anyone drown on my watch!"
“Wijnhaven 12, Natasha speaking.”
“A deep and meaningful conversation?”
it! Enough."
“Too busy inviting you somewhere more.... private?” Tony looked the young woman up and down. “Sorry, hon, I don't think you have what it takes to 'raise' his interest, if you know what I mean. Is that
Steve gave him a small wave and left the room.
“What’s going on?” Steve cut in, as he was walking backwards into the living room, so Tony and his visitor could enter. He had three tiny kittens hanging from his jeans, who were mewling pathetically at all the unwanted movement. Tony had refused to name Stevie’s brood, he knew what happened when you named cats and he wasn’t making that mistake again. But Steve had ignored him and dubbed them Huey, Dewey and Louie.
She did.
"You would be supposing right." Steve was grinning.
can go with Steve to get the tree.”
It wasn’t all kittens and rainbows, though. Steve had frequent nightmares and flailed when woken up from them, as the shiner Tony sported for a week could attest. And he frequently just… blew up. The first time it happened was when Tony had thoughtlessly nicked a piece of toast from Steve’s plate and crammed it in his mouth. Steve’s reaction was explosive and Tony had been scared shitless for a second and then he’d gotten pissed and there was lots of shouting for a long time, until they’d finally slid down the wall together, crying and clinging to each other. Steve had apologized for days.
Happy was a good guy. Tony was going to keep him.
"Alright, guys, that is enough." said Steve. "Look. They've got a grappling hook for boarding. Actually, I think I see another zodiac coming in behind them..." He turned to Clint. "Is Black Widow still up there with the quinjet? Can she see how many there are? Can we.... JARVIS?" He tapped his com unit. "JARVIS, can you get us all on the same frequency?"
“What are you going to fix?”
"This many, Tony."
"Friend Anthony!" boomed Thor as soon as they made their entrance. "Waes Hael! Health unto you and yours! Blessings onto your house and orchards! May your Yuletide be merry and bright!" Tony glanced at Jane, who was standing next to her boyfriend, with the rosy cheeks and the too wide smile of the mildly inebriated. She shrugged helplessly in return. In his fireplace hung a kettle that made the room smell like honey, cinnamon and apples, while making his eyes sting with alcoholic fumes at the same time. Darcy was ladling the steaming liquid into something that looked like a soup tureen. Everybody was looking at Tony expectantly. How the fuck was this his life? He looked at Thor, who was beaming down at him and then he looked at Steve who was doing the same. Good. All the big blond dudes were happy with Tony so far. Now he just needed to not screw that up.
"Tony. Did you
"Because you want Captain America as your bodyguard?" The scepticism was still palpable.
"Bless your heart, you magnificent witch." Tony muttered and then looked at Steve, smile turned wistful.
Pepper opened her mouth to retort, but Steve spoke first.
." Steve had stalked closer to Tony and he'd be waving a finger in Tony's face any moment now, but dammit, he still had ice in his beard. It was just starting to melt and drip on the floor. Tony held up his hands in surrender.
The reactor surged wildly and Tony was hit by a wave of nausea. Holding his new creation out of the way, he emptied his stomach into the grass. Fuckity fuck. That was worse than he'd expected. He'd be damned, though, if he was going to die here in a puddle of vomit while Steve hallucinated himself to death somewhere below ground. Probably damned in the literal sense of the word, the way things were going. He willed the reactor to stabilize and after a few excruciating minutes, it finally did. Tony struggled upright and took a deep breath. Then he put on his makeshift air filtration system and strode towards the chapel. Better get this done before he fell on his face again.
"Sir Stephen!" intoned the scruffy man, "Your task is to rid the church of Scunthorpe of its vile hauntings. Sir Percival, it will be your duty to follow him, because he is good and pure and your assistance will be well rewarded." Then he frowned and glared at Tony. Tony gave him his best PR smile in return. It had never failed to piss off earnest people before and this self proclaimed oracle was no exception.
the wrong thing too, arguably to the wrong person. In short, Tony had fucked up, like he so often did, and Steve had not even smiled once all afternoon and that made Tony feel infinitely worse because of course Steve was
He let himself fall onto his back as he tried to catch his breath, endorphins rushing through his body, not trusting himself to speak. What did you say after something so mind blowing anyway?
Normally, this isn't an issue. Lots of people use the road to walk their dogs. So does Steve on the days Gwenna seems to want more than just a cool spot to sleep in. Groups of retired people use it, loaded up with high tech water bottles and floppy hats and ski poles. They seem to take their hiking as seriously as their previous jobs. There's the rare tourist that has wandered out of San Francisco on some quest to walk around the entire bay. And mountain bikers, quite a few of those. But that is pretty much it. A couple of times a year city workers come with large noisy machines to redo the fire breaks, and the rest of time Steve just gets to enjoy the sunsets that bathe the hills in rosy colors and the smell of fennel. But now there is a beat up trailer parked on the side of the access road.
“Okay, then. Sure. It’s at 2 right?”
He gently dislodged Tasha and deposited her on the warm spot his ass left on the couch when he stood up. She didn’t even budge. Then he freed Steve from Clint and Thor and piled all the cats in a furry heap. They seemed fine with that arrangement. Steve watched him intently while Tony dug some clean pajama pants out of his dresser drawer.
“I felt that,” Tony complained sleepily.
JARVIS called him to the room the next day.
"Spent months making the perfect suit for Cap and got you to steal the shield for him!" Bruce sounded delighted.
the day after tomorrow. Corbin Porter's research on recreating the super soldier serum seems to currently be in the phase of animal testing and of course, both the Military and SHIELD are very interested in the results. Which have been slow in coming. Of course, the good guys are not the only ones interested. We started getting suspicious when Porter, who is usually a bit of scientific exhibitionist, suddenly stopped bragging about preliminary results. This could mean the latest results are disappointing, of course, but then it so happened we noticed that Corbin and Del had booked a small luxury cruise. Intelligence is almost sure the cruise was booked for them by Hydra and that meetings have been arranged to take place on board. We need to know what Hydra knows, what they are planning and how Porter's research fits into those plans. We need you to take the place of these two men. We don't think they have had any face to face contact with the Hydra people before, and we have our best people on surveillance, so if they had we would have known. As I explained to Stark before you arrived, Captain Rogers,” Fury turned to face the blond demi-god, “We need people on board who resemble the descriptions of these two men, who have a high enough security clearance and who can convince Hydra they know what they are talking about. It's a stroke of luck, really, that we have the two of you who meet these requirements and that both of you were available on short notice.”
Steve poked his head into the workshop a couple of hours later. Tony pretended to be fully absorbed in the project he had stared through for most of the afternoon.
Steve’s hackles rose instantly. It’d been a couple decades since Potter’s War, but he knew full well pureblood families like Tony’s hadn’t changed their views quite as much as they wanted the general populace to think.
“Well, truthfully, I am here right at this particular moment because a little birdie slash Russian spy told me she’d have my balls if I didn’t fix this.”
For the first time since waking up from the ice, Steve was disappointed in Peggy. He'd known intellectually that she wasn't a saint, but really, did she have to drop the ball on this? But it hadn't been her ball to drop, had it? It had been Howard's and no matter how much Steve wanted to punch him in the face right now, that wasn't going to change a thing. He flopped back into the grass. It was still too early for dew, but it felt cold under him none the less. Tony lowered himself next to him and silence settled in again.
“Humor me,” Tony told him flatly.
"What?! Nat! Really?"
They kissed for a long time. Once in awhile, either of them would pull back a little, barely able to break the contact of their lips and they would look at each other until their breathing calmed down and then one of them would smile. The other would echo the smile and then they would lean in once more, kissing softly as if they’d just met, gradually falling deeper into it, as they learned each other again. Finally they trailed off and slept, Tony tucked under Steve’s chin, never even having gotten under the blankets.
Steve laid back down and stared up into the sky. “Yeah.”
Tony looked at Steve.
to hurt me?"
"If only it was as simple as getting some guys together and blowing shit up," Steve mused.
"Home?" he mumbled against Steve's lips.
"Steve, you are the type of man who won't go get what he wants if he can't justify it for some altruistic reason. This is bullshit, of course. If you want Tony you should just go get him, screw the rest of the world. But let me give you your altruistic reasons. You need to come home because the Avengers need you. We need your type of leadership. We need Captain America. And we need you, because without you we'll lose Iron Man too. He needs to either be with you or get over you, in order to get out of his self-destructive funk, and for either of those things to happen he needs to see you." She paused and looked at Steve intently. It made him feel cold. "That, or I could kill you. Then he'd eventually get over you too. I prefer happy endings though. I am a romantic at heart." She smiled sweetly. Yeah. Right. Like Steve was going to believe
limit, dependent on the skill and power of the caster, it’s not set in stone, unless you’re trying to teach twenty adolescents at a time and you either can’t be bothered to find each individual limit or don’t want them to hurt themselves doing stupid-ass shit while you’re not looking. Second, mice to horses is going to be child’s play for you once you figure this out, I doubt mosquitos to elephants are going to be an issue for you once you get going. Your friend Sam, he may have to worry about mice and horses, but not you, and thirdly- No. Wait. Back up.” He held up a hand to stop himself. “Staying safely within the continuity-elasticity limit, do you believe,
"Fuck. And I am sure they'd shut up if we carelessly wandered closer." The argument was getting more heated, the woman had started waving her hands for emphasis.
“Afraid not. That’d be cruel. You can’t be cruel to a
" Steve said as Tony was leading him to the little stage.
"Hey man, before you go: I got your wings. There is absolutely nothing delicate or temperamental about these babies now. Merry Christmas. Ho Ho Ho. Care to take them up for a spin?"
“I’ve been looking for you,” Steve said finally. “I wanted to say thank you.”
Apparently nobody kept them on their toes when Tony wasn't around, and wasn't that just sad?
wearing that."
“Fine. Bottles. Have it your way.”
-two-three with something that sounded suspiciously like amusement. With Tony so close that he could feel every little shift in his muscles, waltzing was a piece of cake.
“Don't apologize, dude! We're having a moment, you and me. Don't ruin it with explanations. I want to bask in your brilliance for as long as possible.”
Tony stopped scraping.
His discomfort must have been visible from across the room, because fairly soon Antonio, whose name wasn't Antonio, and a woman he introduced as Vanessa came to their rescue. Steve was to practice the steps with Vanessa, while Antonio would take Tony through his part. Things were easier with Vanessa, mostly because he didn't want to stick his face in her hair, but also because she danced like a drill sergeant and would not let him stray a step out of line. All while she made it look like she was meekly following Steve's non-existent lead. He finally felt like he was getting the hang of things, but then he happened to spot Tony and Antonio. Antonio had Tony pulled flush against his chest, and his right hand was way below the waist, practically on the swell of Tony's ass. Tony was laughing at something he had said and he looked like he was having a grand old time. Steve's stumble took Vanessa by surprise and he accidentally kicked her in the shin. He felt his face flush and apologized profusely, but he couldn't even focus on that properly, his eyes kept straying to Tony and Antonio and he knew he was glaring, but he couldn't seem to stop.
"Anyway, it looks more like they are arguing, than doing Titanic reenactments. Dammit, I want to hear what they are saying. JARVIS, any audio out here?"
After a couple of weeks of searching he found himself sitting in a shady spot under a willow tree on the bank of a babbling brook. The armor was shoved under a nearby bush, where he had hidden it for his last visit to what passed for civilization here. He bit angrily into the apple he had pinched at that occasion. Tony considered it a small payment for not burning the whole fucking keep down in his frustration. He wasn't getting anywhere. He had to be able to figure out a better system because this wasn't working on so many levels that it was pathetic. Tony understood that regular people were terrified of him, but he had expected a little less running in fear from the knights he'd met.. You'd think they'd be braver than the farmers, but they weren't, really. A bit of posturing and they were gone. He started humming.
Steve's face slowly lost the pinched look.
“Well.
Tony sighed. “Not as bad as palladium poisoning. Not as good as a month ago. I think my heart will be safe for a few weeks still.”
"Including your own soul?"
They toppled sideways onto the limo seat, as the tension started to seep out of their spines and staying upright got to be too much effort. Tony’s head ended up under Steve’s and he started to pull it back, but then couldn’t, because Steve’s lips started moving up Tony’s neck and they were warm and wet and firm and it was going straight to Tony’s groin. God, it had been so fucking long. Steve flicked his tongue just under Tony’s jaw and then moved up to softly bite his earlobe, making his breath hitch and his toes curl. Of course, he knew what this did to Tony, he knew all his weak spots, all the places where he was so sensitive that the merest caress would make him shudder and squirm. To prove his point, Steve pulled Tony’s shirt out of his pants, worming his hand under it and then he dragged his nails softly down Tony’s back, making goosebumps pop up all over his limbs.
picking up the pace, but Steve behind him suddenly slowed down considerably and there was no way Tony was able to drag him along if he wasn't cooperating. He yanked on the tree once for good measure but that proved futile.
“What on earth is going on here?” Steve couldn't stop himself from letting some of the horror he felt slip into his voice. “Were those men
“I’m not. I’m Tony Stark, I’m the one who is paying you. Thank you for coming all the way out here.”
He doesn't quite capture the smile, but he finds a measure of peace in trying. It's close to 11 when Tony mumbles something that Steve doesn't quite catch. He looks up, lifting an eyebrow.
“Think of it this way,” said Harry, “do you really want to take the chance that someone else gets there first and puts their hands on him?”
"You didn't tell me, because you knew I would refuse to do it."
"Did he really? I would have payed good money to see that, Nick Fury bowing to Steve Rogers' will. I actually miss the motherfucker."
“It's an abomination,” stage-whispered the lord's wife, obviously salivating at the scandal of it all. “All the witches in the area are gathered there, cooking up unspeakable things. They say the whole countryside around the castle has gone salted and barren! And that the local villages have to pay tribute to that nest of vipers.”
“What do you do, Steve?” Tony's voice breaks into his contemplation and Steve's head jerks up. He searches for words.
"So. Tell me what that kiss last night was about."
Clint held the ball out to Tony. He hesitated in taking it. There was a weird vibe about the thing that he did not like at all. He glanced sideways at Loki. The god was still sporting that grin, but he seemed to have gone a little tense around the eyes. Maybe Tony was imagining things, though. The way he and Steve barely managed to be civil to each other, and that being an improvement over the way they met, there was no chance in fucking hell this particular portkey was going to work for him. He grabbed the ball.
He pointedly doesn't go looking for Tony, even though he can hear the hammer ring very faintly in the distance when he drinks his coffee outside, looking at the quietly chewing goats that are still behind his house. He curses at every little traffic snarl on his way to school, even though it isn't even worth the word 'traffic' in this little town. His students are looking at him wide eyed all day, they've never seen him like this, restless, distracted and irritable.
“Bruce apparently doesn’t like you either.” Steve gestured to the part that Tony was still studying.
"I- Yeah." It wasn't like Tony could spin this any way that meant he wasn't actually leaving, tempting as it was to fill a few minutes with bullshit to give her the runaround.
He came in from behind the crowd to see what had these people so riled up. They were so busy shouting they didn't even hear the music. A disheveled, crying woman had been tied to a stake with a stack of branches at her feet. She had cuts and bruises in multiple places. Several people in the front of the mob were holding burning torches. Tony's eyes went wide. What the hell... A witch burning? For real? Then he shook his head. Of course, for real. People would be burning witches for centuries to come, on various continents. But not on his watch.
He also started designing a suit for Captain America, cursing himself all the while for being a sap, for having hope, for feeling so fucking fragile. But if Steve was going to be stupid enough to flee to a warzone, then Tony would design him a suit that would keep him safe, for fuck's sake. He could only work on it for little snatches at a time, half an hour tops, before the anger would start getting choked off by sheer
Steve tore his gaze away from the fountain and looked at Tony in surprise. "I don't have materials. And, you know, it'd take time."
“More like I should pound my chest and go ‘Me Tarzan, you Steve.’” He let out a proper jungle yell and on the other side of the wall, The Pixies got louder. “Bruce is going to kill me.” he said as he collapsed next to Steve, who was still shaking with mirth.
"I did! I told you, I didn't realize the com unit would not work this far underground!"
Steve. They'd happily marry their daughters to Steve. It's
“All that, huh?”
He looked down at his chest as he maneuvered himself upright.
Tony was about to object he was going to miss an important Stark Industries board meeting and that Pepper would be angry, but he figured that would be met with derision. Justifiably so, since he hardly ever bothered to show up for those.
Tony pouted. "But I liked the beard. It was very manly. Like a lumberjack."
He had a point, but that didn't mean Tony was ready concede said point. Tapping away at the screen aggressively, he offered:
“No, no, you did well, considering.” This wasn't entirely true, but Tony wasn't Howard and he wasn't going to make Steve feel like a failure when was doing that just fine on his own. “It's just... you know... you need to be seen to be more comfortable around me. You need to be able to kiss me and stuff when the situation requires it.”
Then the next person was there to meet and greet and Steve shook his hand and said that, no, he wasn’t related to any Rogers family on the Isle of Man, he was afraid he was just plain muggleborn, so sorry to disappoint.
"Steve, Percival, get behind it!"
When he reaches his peak and shoots his load down Tony's throat, it physically hurts. His muscles are spasming, every pulse feels like acid, yet his mind is whiting out from pleasure. He collapses as the come down hits, half falling over Tony, who quickly moves aside but doesn't try to catch him.
"I'm not disappointed in you, " Steve cut in, sounding surprised.
"Yeah? Well, forgive me for not believing a word you say right now, you lying piece of shit. Take off the armor, I need to see."
Tony smiled at him and Steve smiled in return. God, it was good to have him back. First things first, though. He turned to Percival
People started wandering off to bed during
the statement with 'you people', not start it. Sorry for confusing you. Even so, your statement is still flawed. My best estimate is that you have used the phrase 'my wife' at least two dozen times in the past hour, while I have used 'my husband'.... " Tony paused, pretending to count on Steve's fingers. "Half a dozen times, tops. So objectively this entire conversation has been about your lifestyle, not ours."
And it was even more irritating that he couldn't seem to move beyond
“What the hell is he doing?” he whispered furiously to Draco.
"Yes, all guides carry 3 flashlights and water."
“Well, if you like orgasms, it did. I suppose there’s a few people out there that would disagree, but not as many as you’d think.”
He didn't wipe them off, but pulled Tony close and hid his face in the crook of Tony's neck for a moment. The audience applauded loudly, because Tony was an amazing singer, but Steve ignored them. Tony was looking panicked and Steve wanted to tell him it was fine, it was okay, it was just memories, and he hated that he couldn't, that he couldn't explain why this song meant so much to this displaced WWII soldier. He tried to convey what he couldn't say with a look, and Tony was maybe a little placated, but not much. So Steve kissed him, right there on the stage. The kiss was a little desperate and he could feel some of the tension in Tony drain away, as the man went a bit more pliant in his arms. Some of the people watching were hooting and Steve felt himself blush again.
"I'll have you know that I'm never eating gruel again once we get out of here, honey or no honey."
“Thank you, Captain Von Trapp.”
“Tony! There’s a litter of kittens in the back alley. Get rid of them before they sneak into the cellar and make themselves at home.”
Steve and Percival were circling the place, back to back, swords drawn, their gazes sweeping the place for the source of the sounds. Tony inched further inside, his back to the wall. He was about a third of the way to the altar when he felt, rather than heard, something launching itself at him from inside the wall. He screamed and flung himself away from where he had been standing. Steve and Percival were by his side in seconds and all three of them stared at the part of the wall where Tony had been. From behind the inscribed stone that closed off a wall crypt came a moan and snarl and then something that sounded a hell of a lot like someone trying to claw his way out of the crypt. Tony swallowed hard.
“I put it on the coffee table for you,” came Steve's voice from behind him, “I wasn't sure if it would break if you slept on it.” Tony rubbed his eyes. Blankets, coffee and now tablet retrieval. That was a lot of random acts of kindness for Tony to process. Especially before he'd consumed said coffee. He had not planned on sleeping, but apparently the 40 odd hours he's been awake since the meeting in Fury's office had caught up with him. So much easier to stay awake when you were actually working on something. He was already missing his workshop and the ability to
Steve shook his head, laughing.
"No doubt," said Steve, "Let's do another lap, shall we?" So many things he wanted to say. So many things he wanted to tell Tony and ask Tony, but he couldn't say a word. The silence continued for another few minutes. Steve found it oppressive. He wished he hadn't mentioned his empty heart or come up with the stupid Oz stuff, he had not meant to make Tony down or to shut him up. It was unnatural.
Tony was... exasperated, by the sound of it. Steve inched closer and peered around the corner. There was a person on the floor, but it obviously wasn't Tony, because Tony, shirtless and arc reactor uncovered was wrestling with a slim figure who was flailing wildly and screaming curses. Steve didn't hesitate. He ran out of his hiding place and slammed Tony's attacker against the wall, arm bent painfully behind his back. The man screamed and started.... crying?
"I am Jewish," came a voice from behind Tony. "I don't eat kosher or anything, but I'd prefer Prime Rib if we're doing a second protein." Tony whirled around and watched Clint Barton stroll into his kitchen in lounge pants and a ratty t-shirt, towel drying his hair as he went.
It is a block day and his last period is officially his prep period. He's not supposed to leave the premises, but he's decided halfway through second period that he doesn't care if he gets in trouble. If nothing's changed in the last year or so the Vet Center should be running a group this afternoon and Steve needs talk to someone bad. He doesn't understand. He hasn't wanted to talk to anyone for so long and it was fine, well, maybe not
"You could have warned me."
“You gotta stop making unilateral decisions based on what you think I am thinking without talking to me. I thought that'd be obvious after you didn't speak to me for a week for no reason after I'd pulled you out of the Cave of Sinners.”
“And here you are,” said Tony, laying a hand on Steve’s chest, “safely by my side.”
And then they were off on a comparison of food they’d eaten and places they’d been and baseball games they’d seen and by the time his feet were sore and his stomach started rumbling, Tony was feeling the first pangs of homesickness he’d felt in years. He was going to finish the PhD in a few months and Professor Yinsen had already secured his Post Doc position afterwards, but maybe he could save up and take a few weeks in between for a visit. As long as he avoided Obie, it’d be nice to see the place again. Steve obviously loved his country, the way he was talking about it, and Tony wondered again what had happened to him. How he’d ended up here, without the will or the means to go home.
“Jesus. Steve…”
"We do not have digital copies, sir."
wouldn’t happen. The weather was hot and humid in a way that promised a summer thunderstorm before the day was through. People were gathered on the cafe terraces that dotted the town, enjoying the heat, the company of their friends and cold beer. Sweat pricked his neck and his T-shirt clung to his back as he walked aimlessly. He knew, rationally, that he shouldn’t blame himself, that Steve had said he wouldn’t be back and Tony had left his address and there was absolutely nothing he could have been expected to have done differently. Yet still he cursed himself for moving. For not being there when Steve needed him. He didn’t know that last bit for sure, of course. But he’d said: You know where to find me if you need me’, so that’s what he assumed. That Steve needed him. It was probably a little unhealthy, really, how much he wanted to save Steve. And he knew, kind of, that Steve needed to save himself, or things would be fucked up forever. But being needed was an insidiously attractive state of being. And missing that opportunity sucked donkey balls. Although he really couldn’t blame himself for not being there…
“No. Yeah, I mean. I gotta…” Not be here. Tony got it. He could almost see the man twitch with the need to leave. It was a small miracle he’d stayed as long as he had, but Tony felt bad about letting him go back out into the wet evening. He didn’t know where Steve was going to sleep, but he knew it wasn’t going to be in a bed. Probably not even indoors.
“You're out of your depth. As usual. Anthony,” Howard Stark's voice admonished him, the familiar disappointment in it sending shivers of almost forgotten humiliation through Tony's frame. “We all know you are going to fail, like you always do. Just try not to bring the family name down when you do, this time, will you? Maybe you could fail more.... discreetly? I'd consider that progress.”
Steve stared at him, wondering if this was another one of Tony’s pranks. Making a point about how gullible Steve was.
Steve looked at him with pity in his eyes.
"Yeah. Sure. I can eat." Steve nodded earnestly.
"I thought you were going to die, you asshole," Steve whispered, "I just knew I would be too late." He sounded broken.
“Merlin. Young people are dim, nowadays,” he heard Draco grumble.
“It’s not a girl!”
Bruce wandered over and very pointedly ignored Tony.
“Fuck, yes,” he answered and slid one hand into the back of Steve’s pajama bottoms. Thor hadn’t provided underwear, a fact that Tony immediately exploited. Steve sucked in a sharp breath and latched onto Tony’s neck, just under his ear and, wow, was that spot sensitive. His knees wanted to buckle. He cursed out loud and felt Steve smile against his skin and that was even worse. Working one hand out from under Steve’s arm, he grabbed Steve by the hair to force his head up, so he could kiss the smile from his lips. Steve complied with fervor.
Tony wore Steve’s sweater three days in a row and Steve prided himself in getting the worst of the growly feelings under control. It still pleased and frustrated him at the same time to see Tony in the red and gold, those colors really suited him, somehow, but he felt his face was back to normal, at least. He’d look at Tony when he was busy and feel warmth pool low in his abdomen. He tried very, very hard not to think about kissing Tony, about peeling him out of his jumper and sliding his tongue up his throat. And he tried very hard to keep his hands to himself.
“Great, we’ll start tomorrow. Now we gotta go eat. Compulsion’s calling. Merlin’s balls, did you come through the wall?!” He surveyed the damage Steve had done going in.
He went back down the hill and got to work. He hadn't been able to commission suitable containers yet, but he was sure their food bowls would work in a pinch. The sulfur, saltpeter and charcoal were laid out around him when a knight came riding into the clearing. He threw a cursory look Tony's way, and made to ride on, but then abruptly changed his mind. Wheeling his horse around, he came straight at Tony, who had to get up and stop him from destroying his supplies.
"So what," beamed Tony, "He's Sean Connery. Hellloooooo Sean Connery!"
Bruce looked up and smiled at Tony. “I think he’ll make it. I’ll bring him to you when I am done.” And he went back to feeding. Natasha followed Tony out of the room.
“Eating out another guy's sperm. Got it.” Tony leaned back on the couch and flipped his feet onto the coffee table. "Well, lemme just start with the Public Service Announcement that people who have kinks are not freaks or deviants and we won't be discussing
That unfroze Steve’s feet. He swiveled back in Tony’s direction and started stalking across the room. Fuck decorum.
"And in return, the Pentagon sends you what exactly? A report? Some instagram pictures? How do we know what they've done on the expedition besides send a bunch of new recruits to build snowmen and maybe club some baby seals?"
Steve shrugged out of the mail and tossed it onto a corner of the bed. He took off the gambeson too, because it always smelled like something died in it. It felt nice to be in just his shirtsleeves but he was acutely aware of the scent of sweat emanating from the crumpled blue garment. Not much time for laundry in the last few days.
told you 'not my circus, not my monkeys', no matter what Fury says, and I am sure they are handling whatever it is perfectly fine without me."
Steve made sure to not show any overt interest, in case they were thinking about volunteering him to clean out another castle. It was done, he was done and now he needed to find Tony, before this place drove him crazy. It was strange how he'd been pretty much been resigned to living like this a month ago and it had even stopped feeling like a struggle most of the time. But now that he knew that Tony was here, that there had to be a way out, because even if there wasn't, Tony was a genius and he would
“But maybe we will be Avengers together soon, right? We work well together.” Steve sounded so hopeful that all Tony could do was dredge up smile for him.
“Ass sore?”
“Over there, Steve, come on.”
Clint climbed onto a stool at the breakfast bar and started helping himself to coffee. "Oh, don't worry about that. Hanukkah fell around Thanksgiving this year. I am free to help you celebrate your Messiah's birthday. As long as I can stick to eating the food and you don't expect me to go to midnight mass or anything. And no caroling."
"Hack it!" yelled Tony. "Sever its spine! It's going to-"
It was Steve who finally did. He was softly stroking Clint’s belly, for which Clint had rolled onto his back, paws sticking up into the air and with an utterly satisfied little cat smirk on his face. Tony was almost jealous.
“A big one. Don’t make the fucking bed creak all night again, Tony. Remember I am on the other side of that wall. I gotta check in on my experiments early in the morning.”
"Why did my father...." Galahad trailed off, then spoke a little more forcefully. "Why does my father not like me?"
"It sounds ominous. Are you sure I need to be there? Usually people demand I stay away from situations this fraught with potential disaster and alcohol, in case I make it worse."
He knew it wouldn't last and it doesn't. Tony bursts into motion and pushes himself away from Steve, who drops his arms with alacrity. He looks up at Tony, as the man stands up clumsily, trying to gauge his mood. But Tony just winces, gripping his knee and avoids Steve's eyes completely.
up for it. He mutely shakes his head no. Tony tilts his head a little quizzically. His hand brushes along Steve's pants again, a fraction harder this time, but still as light as butterfly wings. Steve stops himself from pushing forward, seeking more friction. The effort makes his legs tremble.
So, he leaves early and heads over the bridge. Unfortunately, group time seems to have changed and there’s just a few guys left in the hallway who are on their way out. He doesn't see Sam. Maybe Sam doesn't even do the groups anymore. He feels ashamed now, of the way he ghosted the man until he stopped calling and that's bewildering: how it feels now like he did Sam wrong while at the time it felt like he was saving Sam from the burden of his own company.
What? How the hell could this man possibly know....
perfectly likeable. In fact, they would
, I don't know if the room is monitored but it's unlikely they have surveillance on the balconies. Although they're prime murder spots, really. Tip someone over the railing in the middle of the ocean and you're done.” He looked down at the water at least a hundred feet below and whistled. Steve winced. This water was much warmer for sure, but drowning was drowning and he still had nightmares. Stark looked critically at all the parts of the ship they could see. “Don't see anything obvious, I guess we'll take the risk... So the first thing we need to do is to figure out the security system and for that I need access to the ship's network. We'll need to find the internet cafe. Then I guess we'll have to wait for Hydra to make contact, and I fucking hate waiting. I suck at waiting. People start hating me when I have to do a lot of waiting. What is the plan for when they approach us?”
It had been riveting for all of about three minutes.
"Hang on. There's.. seven, no eight total. Some of them have already boarded, by the looks of it."
"The defrosting process is complete, Sir," JARVIS answered, "all internal tissues have thawed and Captain Rogers' internal temperature has risen rapidly."
It was fantastic.
"I am trying to decide," Tony suddenly croaked by his ear, "if you think I am so out of it that I am not going to remember anything you said or if you are going claim I must have been delirious if I ever dare to refer to what you've been telling me."
" He barreled on. "Or was it because you couldn't be bothered to make a fucking phone call and tell me you were coming for me?!"
"Tony! Why do you always have to be so extravagant!? I am
Steve seemed happy but a little flustered, as if he could not quite believe that Tony had bought him chestnuts. Which was wrong, really. People should be falling over themselves to buy Steve chestnuts. It should be a thing. A common thing. And not a thing that made Steve look like a child who had just snuck downstairs and had actually caught Santa in the act of stuffing his stocking.
“You counted?” Tony was a little surprised.
“Come here, I'll do it.” He'd said it before he'd thought it through. And he should have thought it through, because the next thing he knew was that Tony was standing less than two feet away from him, handing him back the soap. Steve imagined he could feel the heat of his body across the gap. He forced himself to focus on the soap. Putting all his effort into it, he had worked up a good lather in no time. Then he stood there a little helplessly, his hands full off foam and a bar of soap in his left, wondering how he was going to avoid...
And a whispered: “Come back to me, please,” before the com cut out.
"In fact," JARVIS continued, "I do not sense any electromagnetic signals at all. No power lines nearby. No phone lines." If Tony hadn't already ruled out the Mongolian steppes, they would have climbed the list after that announcement, together with the Himalayas, the Sahara and the heart of the Amazon rain forest. If it hadn't been abundantly clear he was stuck somewhere with a fairly temperate climate and not too ridiculously far from sea level, anyway. Maybe that glowy ball had damaged some of the sensors JARVIS relied on. That, or Loki had dumped him on a different planet. But that didn't seem likely. This place smelled like Earth, had the same gravity, the same oxygen content as far as he could tell and the grass seemed entirely grass-like. Nope. Must be magical damage. Fucking gods.
Steve was gone the next morning when Tony got up; the pajama pants neatly folded on the couch. Thor had made himself a cozy little bed on them. Gathering up his own sheets and Bruce’s for the laundry, he wondered what Steve would decide. And if he’d ever see him again.
A disembodied, “Thank you, Sir,” came floating from somewhere between the chandeliers. Tony, Steve noticed, matched the decor perfectly. With his pale robes, he could have been Narnia’s Ice Queen if it hadn’t been for his warm brown eyes. Steve had come to love the way they narrowed when Tony smiled, but he wasn’t smiling right now.
"We're watching
“Right. You want to do the honors?” Tony handed him the processor that was by now somehow infused with Steve’s personality. He took it with a little trepidation. It didn’t feel like it was a part of him or anything, but then again, apparently his own magic neutralized this thing. He wondered how sentient it was and how he’d be able to tell. Tony had made a few upgrades to the bike as well. It stood there, with an air of still anticipation, it’s lines sleek and attractive. With Tony’s help he slotted the jagged piece into the receptacle on the bike. A little shudder went through the frame and the eye in the headlight snapped open. It was an iridescent blue that was a few shades lighter than the midnight hue of the body.
“Jesus fuck, Natasha! Way to give a man a heart attack!” He forced himself to breathe normally. “No, I’m not hiding. Just getting some air.”
When are you going to stop trying to kill yourself?!” Steve couldn’t believe he was having this conversation - argument-
“Have breakfast with me?” Seemed simple enough.
"Yeah, he's going to have nightmares."
Steve listened with open mouth as Tony took him through all the parts of his magic motorcycle and the brilliant complexity of the sleek machine became apparent. Tony had been right, the magic involved in this made a regular flying bike look like a frock on a pig. Steve hadn’t even known magic and technology could be as beautifully interwoven as this. He started asking questions and Tony seemed to have forgotten this was Steve he was talking to and was answering him like he didn’t hate him. It wasn’t clear how much time had passed by the time they were squatting side by side, Tony turning the part that had had too much Bruce in it over in his hands.
Natasha looked at Thor, raising one questioning eyebrow.
on the wall and gather his wits, before he hurried after him.
He located a photo of Captain America in his uniform. He'd seen it before, he remembered his father having this picture around, but now it struck him how the previously despised national symbol was so completely and utterly Steve, even under the mask. It wasn't even what he could see of Steve's face, although there was that edible bottom lip again, it was the way he stood, the look of fierce determination. When Tony caught himself smiling wistfully at that picture of Captain America, he realized he was utterly fucked.
Fifteen more minutes. Tony had to hold out fifteen more minutes and then this whole Christmas thing would be officially over and he could go back to his regularly scheduled life. And lick his wounds or something, but they'd never be able to prove that. He'd shown up on Christmas morning and it was fine. He gave them gifts. Tech for Bruce, deadly tech for Natasha, techy arrows for Clint and a ridiculous (cashmere) scarf for Steve. Which he was really happy with because he lost his. Lost being a relative term, of course. Just because Steve didn't know where his old scarf was, didn't mean that Tony didn't remember where he'd been keeping it. Steve gave them all drawings of themselves and Tony loved his.
"Fine. Sweet dreams then, o fearless leader."
He ends up going to Sam’s group too, after he’s talked to Wanda. He wants to be annoyed with how happy Sam is to see him, but to be honest, it feels really good. He catches himself smiling throughout most of the group. It seems fragile, this lightness that he’s feeling, but he’ll take it.
“Yes. Really. I don't know what happened to Howard after the war. Apparently he changed a lot. When I knew him he was a decent enough fellow. I wouldn't call him nice. I am not even sure we were friends, but his heart was in the right place. He was a bit of a snake oil salesmen though, I thought, and if the choice had been between himself and the greater good, I am not so sure the greater good would have won. Still, he contributed to the war effort with everything he had and he had a lot.”
Tony wanted to face palm, but he had no hands free. He settled for groaning in frustration instead.
"I understand, I understand. Um, before you go though...." he dropped his voice to a whisper, "could you maybe... Yamilla, she will be angry if I deliver nothing. She will hurt me." Tony wondered if he got off on that too. Suddenly he felt kind of sorry for the guy. Must be a bitch to have to jump through so many hoops to get it up. Abdel was still talking. "Would you let her watch you kiss? Right here? It will appease her somewhat and we will not bother you again, I promise." Oh sure, like Steve was going to play along with that? For fuck's sake, they needed to get the hell out of here.
Nothing but a guy he desperately wanted to fuck. As of, like, half an hour ago. It had only been three hours since his morning coffee but now Tony was in agony. They were at the pool and Steve had taken off his robe and started swimming laps in the pool and Jesus fucking God, the guy was flawless. He'd had a general idea, of course, you can't hide that kind of body completely under clothes, but it had not even been close to the reality of being exposed to all that gloriously soft looking skin moving smoothly over the superbly defined muscles. Granted, the skin was a bit of a disturbing color due to the spray tan, but, you know, muscles
"That's not what I asked. Do they send a report of findings? Coordinates searched? Ultrasound logs?"
No kidding. Steve forced himself not to fly into a panic and to think strategically.
company. Tell me that isn’t the reason you called. I’m in the middle of a thesis.”
First thing to be released by the ice was the shield and, wow, Tony felt as giddy as a little boy holding that legendary vibranium disk. He couldn't resist the temptation to take if for a spin, so to speak, but after it killed one of his half finished projects, he limited himself to just running a battery of tests on it. It was even more amazing than he’d expected. He decided right then and there that Captain Rogers would be interred with a simulacrum. It'd be a tragedy to bury the real thing. And who would know?
The next morning when Tony and Steve finally made it in for breakfast, the kitchen was full of balloons that happily proclaimed 'It's a Boy!'
Percival's mouth fell open in shock. Bors frowned at him and Lancelot started to protest, but as Steve had expected, Gawaine cut that short.
"You don't really need a bodyguard. I don't need-"
It's wrong, he knows it's wrong. This is not what he should be focusing on. He is damaged goods, he knows that, and sex with random strangers is not a coping mechanism he should be latching on to. His mother wouldn't approve and his therapist wouldn't approve. His mom is dead, though, and that thought hurts, but not as badly as he expects it to, and he hasn't been to see his therapist in a over a year. He's gotta stop thinking about sex with Tony, it's going to backfire and end in disaster and Steve knows he doesn't have the ability to deal with that right now. The way he lost it last night is ample proof of that. He's surprised Tony has even let himself be bribed to be in Steve's company again today by a simple casserole and a shower. Not that he minds very much that Tony is apparently that easy. Steve is wishing things were easy for him too.
“It’s okay. She was okay. It’s just… It’s hard to explain. I’m sorry, Tony.” Steve looked contrite.
"Why not? I am perfectly likeable."
“Slow down, princess. I didn’t know until just now. Apparently he came by when only Darcy was home. She didn’t know him, of course, and she doesn’t know where you live now, so she just told him you had moved and to fuck off.”
"Ouch," said Clint, walking away. "Dude with wings coming right up."
“Figured you'd be one of those people who can't even begin to function without coffee,” Steve said as he poured himself a cup.
“Tony, we can't... Your leg,” Steve managed to breathe into Tony's mouth. Tony smiled under the onslaught.
Natasha received his offering of tuna and a new dish pan without comment. As she wrote her name on the cans, she asked offhandedly:
“Three-off?”
a blow job and desperately he wrapped the hand he wasn't using for fisting the base of Steve's cock, around his own. He came embarrassingly quickly, even before Steve did and the resulting moan around Steve's dick was rewarded by Steve's knees buckling and flooding Tony's mouth with come. His own dick manfully pulsed one more time at the sensation.
“Hey Tony! If you’re bored, come over and fix the kitchen stereo!” That was Clint shouting in the background.
“Wait. What?” Tony spluttered. “Why? I mean,
Tony opened the cellar door again and slid down the ramp. Running up the stairs behind the bar on the other end of the cellar, he called out to Pim.
Rogers folded all his delectable limbs into one of the notoriously uncomfortable office chairs that Tony was sure Fury had picked on purpose to stop his inferiors from asking too many questions. He left a carefully empty seat between Tony and himself. Guess he wasn't getting ready to jump Tony's bones. Pity, that. Silence descended while Fury studied both men as if going through a mental checklist.
"Yes," Abdel admitted, "You seemed not averse to public intimacy at the pool yesterday." Tony briefly closed his eyes. Of course that would come back to bite him in the ass now.
"Open?" Percival sounded confused. "You can open demons? Do you need to open them before you can kill them?" He turned towards the people right behind him and asked them to stand back. It was no use, because even if they'd wanted to, they were pushed forward by the people behind them. People were going to get trampled soon, if they weren't careful.
In retrospect, he should have told Pepper about Steve on that very first morning. Sure, she would have made all kinds of practical objections and other not fun contributions, but really, it was so much better to have her as an ally than being the object of her wrath. Tony had been busy all night running Vanko’s reactor specs against everything he had in his database and some peculiarities in the design made him heavily suspect this was a very early bifurcation of the original design. Early, as in before Tony had even been involved with the process. Something, or somebody, related to Howard, perhaps. He had managed to avoid Steve all morning too, and then Pepper stalked in with Steve in tow and announced with icy steel in her voice that both Tony and Captain America would be required to attend the press conference she had organized two hours from now.
Then he beckoned Steve and they trudged through the snow towards the fairy tale house. Steve wiped his hands again.
After half a block, Tony looked at him sideways. Steve was looking back at him. Everything was wrong, yet felt right. They both smiled.
"Very well, Sir."
." Rhodey lowered his hand, finally, and held it out to Steve, who shook it with obvious relief.
“Not keeping them. I’m going to bring them to the shelter on Monday, so I’ll just keep them in my room till then. After I catch their brothers and sisters too. Pim wants them out of the alley.”
This was the third time today that Steve and Percy had been challenged by some random passing knights and once again, they would be busy for the next hour pummeling some bechainmailed idiot who hadn't realized after one look at Steve that he didn't stand a chance. Just the sight of another man bearing a sword was apparently like a red flag to a bull. Tony wasn't sure if they reminded him more of horny stags, fighting cocks or frat boys. A little bit of all three, with the bull thrown in for good measure. He sighed and climbed off his horse, while he listened with half an ear to Steve trying to persuade his most recent challenger that they really didn't have to do this, that they were just passing through and would be off his land in no time and they wouldn't even take any of the womenfolk. Ok, Steve didn't say that last bit, but Tony thought he should have, that might actually have convinced the guy to let them pass in peace.
“I’m going to make you come outside of your pants.”
He had just about made up his mind to throw caution to the wind and rush the guy to get at the arc reactor, which was the only way he could possibly imagine shutting him down, when Whiplash was hit in the head by a metal frisbee. The man staggered back and then it turned out that the frisbee wasn't a frisbee at all, but Steve's shield, and its owner came vaulting over the fences to catch it on the rebound. Steve landed with the grace of a panther and quickly tossed Tony his suitcase armor, with a glare that promised words later, before bringing his attention back to Whiplash. Just in time to bring the shield up and deflect the nasty whips that were coming for him. Then he somehow managed to jump away sideways, yet over Whiplash's head and conk the ugly brute in the noggin as he did so. Whiplash had no choice but to turn and face Steve and that gave Tony the opportunity to slowly let the armor unfold to cover him. And it was
Tony laughed. That one was easy. The Holy Grail! What else?
The next few hours were a blur. Steve shook so many hands he thought he might need a brace the next day, or some actual healing spells. There was exquisite, delicate food on silver trays that meandered among the throngs of people. There was dancing and Steve was so glad there had been a yule ball last year and he’d paid attention at the dancing lessons. He only got to dance with Tony for a second before people were cutting in left and right and he ended up dancing with so many witches that he wished someone would hex him. Then there was more mingling, with Tony by his side, getting into conversations that Steve could barely make sense of. The one thing that was starting to make sense, though -and Steve wished it didn’t- was Tony’s previous behavior at school. Steve had thought he had been an arrogant asshole then, and it looked like he was being one now, but it was so easy to see through that Steve didn’t understand how he’d never seen it before. It was a defense mechanism. The more unsafe Tony felt, apparently, the sharper he got. It was worse here than Hogwarts. Once in a while, when he was afraid Tony might actually inspire someone to challenge him to a duel, he’d place his hand on Tony’s arm or shoulder. Just because he didn’t want to see him get into mixups he would regret tomorrow. It seemed to help. There’d be a minute drop in his shoulders and Tony would change the subject, to everyone’s relief.
when I am asleep.” Tony paused and looked at the peanut gallery.
Once he had climbed down, he went towards the light. He found Steve, Percival and the hermit in a fairly small low ceilinged cave. The hermit was sitting cross legged on the floor of the cave grinning at Tony while both knights were slumped forward from what had presumably been a kneeling position. They were right by a crack in the cave floor that was emitting the fumes. Tony suppressed the urge to run to Steve to see if he was alright. He either was or he wasn't, but Tony had the distinct impression that he wouldn't be allowed to run off with Steve right now. And there was the tiny little problem of Tony not being strong enough to lug the dead weight of the man up and out of the manhole, even if there was no opposition. He eyed the hermit warily, pacing slowly between the two knights. At least both of them were breathing. Having verified that, he backed up a little, putting more distance between himself and the seated man. The silent stare off continued for minutes and then the hermit grinned even more widely, as if he knew something Tony didn't know. When he finally spoke, his voice wasn't anything like Tony remembered from that morning. It gave him the chills.
"You did not have it! It had
So after the meal was cleared they followed the Bajjahs to a small bar with outside seating and a string quartet, near the stern. They selected a standing table in a far corner. Actually, the men did. Yamilla sat at a table nearby where she could view the men without taking part in the conversation. Tony was puzzled, since she had seemed the one in charge during the conversation they had overheard.
"If the paparazzi spot us and post pictures of this I am never talking to you again. Just so you know."
Tony watched him walk away, again.
Steve woke up when the morning announcements started. A jovial voice through the speaker system urged them all to make sure to visit all the cruise line approved vendors when venturing out and then listed all the fun activities scheduled for today if you chose to stay on board. Right... the ballroom dancing.... that was on the program for this afternoon. He rolled onto his back with his arm behind his head and stared at the ceiling while the voice droned on. Oddly enough, the idea of learning to dance with Tony wasn't as horrible as it had been not even two days ago. He tried to recall the sense of loss he had felt then, and it was still there, but it just wasn't as urgent. He still missed Peggy, but he was very aware that while there was a chance that he and Peggy would have worked out, it had been in no way guaranteed. And she had married someone else after the war, it wasn't like she'd been pining for him forever. Which was good, he didn't need the added guilt of ruining her life. The loneliness he felt right now was more of a yearning for the kind of companionship he'd felt during the war, being part of a company like the Howling Commandos and sharing a purpose. That is why he had volunteered for deployment before this assignment came up. Unable to make the connections he craved on a military base where his abilities were supposed to remain a secret, he'd hoped that getting back into the action would force those bonds under the pressure of danger. That, and he'd been bored out of his skull with the endless testing and hemming and hawing his superiors on base put him through. He needed to be needed and the holding pattern he'd been in had grated on his nerves.
Tony tried to catch Steve's eye, but the man was suddenly staring at his gruel as if he had found Jesus in it. Then he aggressively started eating again. Three bites later he looked back at Tony, face so perfectly bland Tony knew instinctively he was hiding something. He couldn't imagine what, though.
Tony elbowed him in the side and Steve laughed and it was a wonderful sound and a wonderful sight and Tony couldn’t believe he’d almost ran away from this guy a few hours before.
"So sorry, my dear, but no can do. It has to be the person with the strongest connection to our dear captain."
Nothing.
"O my god, you kept the nipple piercing!" Tony crowed when Steve's shirt came off.
“You’ll see,” Steve smirked.
?' 'I missed you so much, you jackass.' 'I missed you more, you idiot.' Really, it's so obvious." Her voice was a little scornful, which Tony found offensive. Actually, he found the whole situation offensive. He really didn't need the last sucky months of his life to be turned into a fucking joke. Even if she had a point. Tony didn't want to be arguing about this kind of stuff. They needed to talk, argue, whatever, about what they had together. Or, at least, what they
Tony lifted his head a little to get a better look at Steve's face. He shook his head ruefully then dropped it heavily back down.
“Simmer down, Bruce. I am not going to lose the fucking leg. If I was going to, I would have done it last week, while I was still unconscious.” Tony glared at him and Bruce stepped out of his way with his hands up and an 'it's your funeral' look on his face. Fucking right it was.
“I insulted it.”
"Oh please, you were stupid enough to fall for me, you idiot. There was no guarantee that you would not suddenly come to your senses."
"And then there is option number three," whispered Tony as he grabbed Steve's arm to slow him down, as soon as he had spotted the table and their dining companions from a ways across the restaurant, "And that is that we're not dining with the guy from before, but definitely not with anyone from Hydra either."
“Fuck, Romanov. Think of something. Maybe Coulson will listen if you can convince him his hero is crying into his pillow every night. Anything.”
The next moment there was a ghostly green simulacrum of his armor flying through the room. Tony was taken aback. She'd never been able to move a shape before. As it was, he sometimes had his doubts about the wisdom of encouraging her to get better at magic. With her seething anger that never seemed to abate, it seemed inevitable she'd eventually use her new found powers to go teach her husband and her brother a lesson and it would be epic in its ugliness. But he really wasn't a fan of people having to squash their own potential in order to please others, especially not abusive fucktards like Urien, so as far as he was concerned the man had it coming.
Actually, the very last thing Tony wanted to do--
, your job is
‘I’ll put one on. For you.”
"Take your time. You broke me. I'm not moving for the next twenty years."
"Then no. We will watch the delightful little people of Munchkin Land." Thor crossed his arms to indicate his decision was final.
"Clint..." Natasha sounded weary.
"I think we've got it, Vincent, thank you." Tony used the clipped voice he affected as Corbin and Antonio backed off to Steve's overwhelming relief, but not before he'd slid his hands down and cupped Steve's ass. Steve's knees almost buckled.
"Don't judge me. That there is the bookcase of a sixty year old woman."
Tony did his best to describe the glowing sphere, indicating its size and glow radius and the slightly pulsating quality of the light. He had to use some hand gestures to fill in some of the gaps in his vocabulary. "I have no idea where to even start looking for something like that," he concluded.
Seconds ticked by, each one lasting an eternity. When the explosion finally hit he wanted to weep for joy. A few shards of rock flew by his head, but as soon as he deemed the coast clear he jumped up to view his handiwork. It was beyond satisfying. A thick cloud of the yellow smoke was being forcibly pulled out of the hole he had blasted in the rock, meaning fresh air was right now being pulled in through the manhole. It should be enough to break the hold of the drug on Steve's mind. He prayed it would be enough.
Okay. Yeah. Fair enough. He supposed it was time to stop dragging his feet.
official. This is like a whole ‘nother level of official, Steve!”
"Dude, how fucking strong are you? Do you know how hot this is? We are so going to fuck this way. Some time, some other time. Jesus, Steve." Steve buried his face in Tony's neck and inhaled deeply, the warm scent of him more intoxicating than the buzz he was getting from alcohol these days. Tony was breathing fast and squirming, and Steve wanted,
"I can go back to Legal."
“Can I…?”
Tony didn't know what to say. Wasn't that the fucking joke of the century: Tony Stark, at a loss for words. He strode over to his workbench and started fiddling with something,
"Nope. My bet is Sam #1 and Black Widow #2. I don't have a number three. What do you say, Hawkeye?" Tony turned to Clint.
"Sir. Captain Rogers' heart just beat. Once."
“What?” Now Steve was awake and looking alarmed as he pushed himself up to sitting. Tony pulled his pants up over his ass and then gestured disgustedly at his shirt.
"Oh, excuse me," said Tony, pressing in a little closer, "Just because you bent me over the railing this afternoon doesn't make me the girl in this relationship."
"Right," said Tony, "So you, Mr Bell, don't actually do anything but oversee a yearly donation to the Pentagon?"
When they left the barn, Steve indicated Tony go first and as fast as he could manage and Steve would follow with Percy's horse and the pack horse in tow. Tony might not be fit, but his horse was fine, so they made good time anyway. Steve, through his super soldier eyes, thought he could see the black horse running pell-mell towards the sea and Bors several miles behind him. It was clear the shorter man couldn't overtake Percival before he reached the end of the bluff and it didn't look like the horse was planning on stopping at the edge. Unfortunately, that's where a swell in the landscape cut off his line of vision and the only thing they could do was ride on and hope for the best.
“Steve, you’ve met Bruce and Natasha. The big one is Thor and the mean one is Clint. Guys, this is Steve. He is staying for dinner.”
“I really appreciate it, Tony.”
"Indeed. But I fear for our future if he can not respect the American Captain."
“Which means you need more practice.”
Tony blew out an audible breath. "I heard a noise behind us and went to check it out. Then my section of the corridor went dark, but I could still see light around the corner. When I reached the light the gate was swinging and there was someone with a flashlight a ways ahead, so I followed. They were talking pretty loud so I found out that apparently these two thought the tour was 'lame' and they decided to go see some sections with more skeletons in it. Also, because grown ups are lame too, they thought it would be hilarious to knock out the light. What wasn't so hilarious was that they had no map and got lost within 5 minutes and that their phone flashlights lasted about 7 minutes before completely draining their batteries. Good thing I carry my own personal light at all times." He tapped his chest. "To top off the laundry list of shitty decisions only 15 year olds can make, one of them circled back and tried to jump me from behind when I came over to offer said light and a chance to return. You're carrying him."
"First I was made to do it," Percy cut in, "but then I started remembering all the hateful things she said and then I started to not mind so much... By the time I was woken up I was starting to enjoy her weeping and crying for mercy. If I hadn't woken up, I think I would have started to enjoy killing her too." He paused and put his bowl aside, appetite lost. "I am a terrible person." Bors was looking a little shocked, like he was torn between agreement and trying to make it right, so Tony said:
“Okay, hold up, Soldier Boy. Did you bury her in the back yard?”
“That is weird too. How does someone under 30 and with the lowly rank of captain end up with stratospheric security clearance?”
"Barton!" He blurted. "Hey! Where have you been?"
“Just out of curiosity,” Rhodes continued, “Are you that Stark from Stark Industries that is supposedly lost in Europe?”
Steve gripped his hand and squeezed it hard. He didn’t let go and Tony winced. Now what the fuck had he said wrong? He closed his eyes and wished they could return to the mellow silence of a few moments ago.
“Indeed, it is.” It sounds like Tony might be smiling again, but Steve doesn't dare look up and check.
"I don't know, now, do I?" She put her tuna in the pantry. "He could be an expired tourist, still, or something else we haven't considered." Walking away, she punched him lightly in the shoulder as she passed. "Just make sure you use condoms, yeah?"
. It was the kind of insanity that you needed to pull out by the root, but he didn't know where to even get a grip on it.
Steve moved infinitesimally closer to Tony and Tony agreed wholeheartedly with that move.
"On your head it be, then. Do I need to change for this?"
to be the right place.
"Come on!" Gawaine urged the squires still struggling with the tents, "Pack it up! Hurry! We need to leave. We have a quest." He swung himself into the saddle.
Steve spent a blissful thirty minutes in a little art supply store that likely had not been redecorated since before Steve was born, laughingly fencing off Tony's attempts to buy him half the store's inventory.
"Tony!" Hissed Steve, "whatever you do-" Then his eyes widened.
"Nothing. But it is the one thing I can easily make in the trailer and when you eat it 5 times a week, it gets a little old. Is there something you can put in that fancy oven of yours? Some nights I
"Genius, Billionaire, Insomniac, Philanthropist, then."
Steve nodded.
"That would have been stupid of them though, they could ransom me for billions. But I knew for sure they'd kill
"And you are concerned for his soul?"
He pulled and Steve let himself be guided easily and then they were finally,
The second thing he realized was that he was not a billionaire here, because his bank accounts, or even his bank, didn't exist yet. Also, nobody would accept the black AmEx card he kept stashed in the armor for emergencies. And once you scratched the billionaire part, that effectively took care of the philanthropy part and if he was honest, a significant chunk of the playboy part. He was reduced to being just a genius. One that was being mistaken for a demon at the moment, much to his chagrin, but he didn't think opening his helmet and shouting a friendly greeting was going to get him anything more than an arrow in the head.
Steve slipped his hands out of Tony’s and cupped his face while he deepened the kiss. Just for a second or two. Then he pulled back. Tony wanted to protest, but recalled they had an audience, so he just looked at Steve. Steve’s smile was small, but steady.
“What?”
“Oh, for Merlin’s sake, you’re overthinking this!” Tony grabbed the comb. He ran to the other side of the workshop and launched the thing at Steve’s head.
"Grab the lances!" Steve yelled, "Go for the gills, that's where it's vulnerable." Bors and Percival scrambled off to go fetch them. The serpent bellowed and Tony could see all the way back beyond its yellow rows of teeth into the black depths of its throat.
“First of all, it's not leather, you mouth breather. It is a fabric I specifically designed to combine maximum protection with maximum range of motion. It is fireproof, waterproof and acid proof and yet it breathes and wicks away sweat and--”
Steve groaned. He’d completely forgotten about the news cameras. Not that he cared, not really, but the upcoming press conferences were going to be a pain in the neck.
“You know, she really liked New York last Christmas, she is planning on coming back in spring.”
Tony looked aside at his friend. Col James Rhodes had a good poker face in general, he'd spent too much time putting up with Tony's shit not to, but he was taking in the display on DUMM-E's charging station a little wide eyed.
“And you didn’t tell me, because…?”
Steve drug his hands away from his face, his eyes wild, but he ignored Rhodes.
"No." Goat Man seems to suddenly have made up his mind. "No, soldier boy, you made me an offer I can't refuse. Best offer I've had in years. Gimme a sec, I'll grab the laundry."
It was the last thing he heard. The repulsor flashed to life and cut right through sinew, muscle, blubber and the fucker's spine. But before he could crow in triumph, he saw the tail of the monster come flying out of the water, straight at him. It was like looking through the wrong end of a pair of binoculars, though, as if it were coming through a mile long tunnel, that was narrowing quickly. He lost consciousness before it even hit him.
“Your remote is dead,” he says, frowning and pushing random buttons, “Do you have any batteries?”
Steve quickly felt around the bottom of his trunk for the familiar texture and offhandedly tossed Tony his Real Molly Weasley
“You really are the demon king then.”
He groaned.
Next to him, Tony whistled.
“In this case, Stark, those people can walk the walk, but they can't talk the talk. Porter will be negotiating an exchange of his research results on recreating the super soldier serum in return for god knows what from Hydra. The guy we send has to be able to spout more than platitudes on the topic.”
Tony looked around the dark, spartan apartment that SHIELD database told him was Steve’s. He had had to double check, because absolutely nothing in here showed any sign of the man. No wonder Natasha had made a point of mentioning the apartment. Steve’s room at the Malibu mansion had been all bold blues, browns and burgundies. His walls had been covered with sketches, pictures that grabbed his attention in magazines and a couple of modern art pieces that he had relocated with Tony’s blessing. In contrast, this space was so beige and bare even Best Western hotel rooms seemed personable in comparison. He stowed the armor in a corner and sat himself on the ugly beige couch to wait for Steve’s return.
Tony looked up from his calculations. "Del? Maybe he's meeting Corbin for lunch. We moved his lab here, the other one obviously wasn't secure."
Steve watched with a smidgen of pride as his team sprung into action, Natasha vaulting over the back of the couch and the other men taking off running. He cradled Tony closer, willing him to keep breathing while they rushed to save him. Looking at the room he was in and the familiar things he'd thought he'd never see again, he thought he held it all together pretty good. Until Sam kneeled next to him and placed a hand on his shoulder.
“As if that was ever in question, Stark.” Steve managed to sound breathless and snarky at the same time and Tony loved that. Steve increased the pressure of his hand and thrust forcefully, sliding so fucking perfectly along Tony's dick it made him keen. “Just look at you. Jesus, Tony...” Tony lifted his head so he could look at the both of them sliding in and out of Steve's fist and the sight of it, the sound of it was too much. He couldn't hold back anymore. He dropped his head back on the pillow and arched up into Steve as orgasm slammed through his body. Steve followed right after, moaning loudly into Tony's neck and both their shirts got striped with come. He kept the presence of mind not to let his weight drop onto Tony's leg and managed to fall away to the side.
He had to stop himself several times from going out to find a target for his anger. He knew that in his current state he'd pick a fight with anybody that crossed his path and also that, right now, he'd go way past the point of no return. He'd ruin whatever relationships he had. Just
"What? What is wrong with this?" Steve looked a little hurt, as if Tony was about to stomp off and leave him alone to pick a tree by himself.
“On Sunday morning?”
. It is like making
good, it will never ever be easy in this country to win something against our armed forces, because we consider them heroes too. There's plenty of history to back that up." She obviously had opinions on that that she wasn't sharing.
“Duh. Hack the SHIELD database, old man.”
Tony gritted his teeth and gave him a stiff nod. Then he stalked off towards the exit. Steve didn’t even look up. He made his way through the grey hallways feeling as if he was walking under water, his vision blurry and the echo of his footsteps muffled. He ignored the one reporter who was trying to follow him, asking questions that he couldn’t hear either and the man fell back before Tony had reached the door.
Gawaine merely grinned at him. "Why, has it been that long already? Can't wait to be rid of me again? Surely I have time for a little side trip." He turned to the king. "What do you say, Sire?" Arthur regarded both brothers.
"None of those? Well, then, whatever it was, it's negotiable."
is what you’re worried about? Not that we’ll be on the front page of the Daily Prophet in the morning? Doing
“Hey now!” started Steve, but he was cut off by Natasha, who was smiling sweetly at Tony.
Eventually the hand squeezes his thigh and Tony mumbles sleepily: “You can run now.”
Abdel looked a little taken aback, but then decided that speed would help him get the words out.
Gwenna's bark breaks into his thoughts. It's coming from the back yard, that she has access to through the doggy door. She barks rarely enough that Steve makes haste getting into and through his mom's house. He didn't lock the sliding doors and he tells himself he needs to be more careful. When he steps into the back yard, the old girl is standing by the waist high chicken wire fence, barking at a... goat. A big brown goat that is ignoring her, while trying to get to the leaves of the Mexican sage that is planted all along the fence. Steve stares at the goat. Did the trailer vagrant bring a pet? His livestock? He hears bleating, but from further away and when he looks up from the brown goat, the nearest hillside turns out to be awash in goats. Big ones, little ones, brown ones, black ones, spotted ones. There's a makeshift orange plastic fence confining them to the one side of the hill and all except the one trying to denude Steve's mom's sage are happily munching away at the dry grasses. Steve can't imagine somebody has had the audacity to set up an illegal goat farm behind his mom's house, so he wonders what the hell is going on. The goats can't answer him, though, so he goes back inside to make himself and Gwenna some food.
"Yup," said Clint, "Just stick them on a branch."
"Honor to meet you, Captain Rogers. And I am aware of the situation. I have been briefed most thoroughly." Steve looked for it, but he couldn't see even the hint of a smirk on the man's face. He liked him already.
, but he didn't know who it was and that was frustrating as hell. It was hard to respond to insults you didn't get and not end up looking even more ignorant. He was really tired of looking stupid.
Tony sat across from Steve at the small table in the nightclub that was hosting the Karaoke Duet Night, the tabletop disappointingly bereft of alcoholic beverages.
“Actually, sir, you said not to show him the bad ones. I had to make a value judgment. I apologize if my exposure to your usual antics led me to believe that anything without nudity was not to be considered ‘bad’.”
Tony burst out laughing. He couldn't help it. "Comfort? Really? Well, you're probably the first person in the history of ever to turn to Tony Stark for comfort."
A week before his thesis defense, the bell rang and Tony opened the door for Colonel James Rhodes. Tony liked him immediately.
“Yeah. It’s a real anti climax actually.”
Steve looked at Tony.
"God, that is such bullshit, Steve. I don't need you to talk science with me or whatever, I don't
"Tony. A
"He's gone to ground," Bruce intoned a little morosely while pointing at one of the papers, "He's purchased enough food to lay low for weeks if he stretches it and he is physically capable of putting a lot of distance between himself and his last point of purchase within a short time. He doesn't want to be found right now. Believe me, I know the feeling. With a little luck he'll do a lot of thinking though and hopefully chisel away at the Hydra conditioning?" He looked at Steve, who was frowning too.
Tony turned back around and Steve didn’t like the shifty look on his face at all.
Steve shoved him off the bed and there was a thud and a laugh and then a disembodied voice came from below.
-was stay out here by himself in this creepy village while getting progressively more wet.
“I should hope so,” Tony faux pouted. He felt light and airy as if he could outsmile the moon and that didn’t even make sense, but he was too happy to care. It was probably the endorphin release, or something prosaic, but it felt anything but prosaic. When Steve pressed a soft kiss into his hair, he barely suppressed a giggle.
The house elf appeared immediately.
Tony nodded in acknowledgment. "Why did you go alone? You know some of us would have gone with you if you'd asked." Probably not Tony, because he was profoundly uncomfortable with the whole concept of church, but he was sure Natasha would have. And if she hadn't, Tony probably would have sucked it up and gone.
Tony was hit full force with the realization of how much he wanted that, now that he could see a glimmer of a smidgen of possibility of Steve being close by. It was insanity, he'd known the guy for four days. Four. Fucking.
"You think so?" Percival asked hopefully.
Twenty minutes later they traded lazy kisses and hand jobs in the shower. Then they fed cats and had breakfast in on the couch in the morning sun. Soon, they were surrounded by cats, who came drifting back in after their own repast in the kitchen. They seemed to remember Steve, to his delight, and they vied for a spot on his lap. All except Steve-the-cat, who had a marked preference for Tony. When they had finished their coffee though, Steve rid himself of cats and pushed Tony back into the couch. Tony went willingly, wrapping his arms around him and sucked his tongue into his mouth. It was a while before they made it out of the house to take Stevie to the vet.
"Nnnnggghhh, Steeeeve..." God, he sounded desperate. Steve responded by fisting one hand into Tony's hair, making him keen. Wrapping his other arm around Tony's chest, Steve hoisted Tony upright as if he weighed nothing. The he pulled Tony's head backwards over his shoulder and shoved his tongue into Tony's mouth, fucking up into him now. Tony got his hand on his dick just before his orgasm slammed through his body.
Thor flexed his muscles and waggled his eyebrows and Tony rolled his eyes. He got up, though. He shoved the playing cards in his pocket, while Natasha glared at him.
"He never did before," Steve smiled, "Even back when he was twice my size I always won any battle of wills."
“Close enough,” muttered Tony, loud enough for everyone to hear. Everybody knew that the late Howard and Maria Stark had left a very substantial sum to Hogwarts, School of Wizardry. Not that it had made a dent in the fortune they had left their only child. Tony overtook Steve with a swift and sinuous sidestep and cast him a quick look over his shoulder.
"Yeah, that sounds a lot like the crap my father used to spout," Tony retorted and he added in Howard's cadence, "Stop being so needy, boy, we weren't sentimental during the war and I am not about to start with you. Captain America never let sentiment cloud his decisions and you shouldn't either." He paused and Steve wanted to shout "The hell? Why did Howard think I went for those Hydra prisoners if it wasn't for sentiment about losing Bucky?" but he bit his tongue. Tony continued in his normal voice. "God, I fucking hated hearing about that dude when I was a teen. Nothing like being required to live up to the posthumous idolatry of an American Hero. I'm glad he's still fish food..... Although, maybe if my father had found him, like he tried for three decades, he could have buried the guy and moved on.
Yet, it felt kind of nice to have Steve's. Since they were friends now and all. The only friend Tony would have for the next millennium or so, so it would probably be prudent to try to not fuck it up, actually.
It was hard to tell. Objectively, Tony looked like shit. He was pale and clammy and had circles under his eyes. But his eyes were sparkling and his smile could have lit up Manhattan.
Tony found the last of Clint's cookies with a little help from J.A.R.V.I.S. and poured them both a glass of milk, while Steve climbed onto a stool at the breakfast bar. Tony stood across from him. He waited until they'd had at least three cookies and Steve had refilled his glass of milk.
There was only so much of that that he could take, though. He stepped back and smiled at Steve, wished him goodnight and walked away, head high. One more day. He'd promised to be there at Christmas and he would. But after that it was time to go spend some quality time in California. Before Steve drove him nuts.
The next morning Tony plopped himself on the edge of Steve’s bed and Steve manfully did not pull him down on top of himself. He folded his hands behind his head to make sure of it.
Steve started blathering something about getting another chance at serving the American people and Tony got up. He gave Steve a hearty slap on the shoulder, told everyone that he was sorry to interrupt, but he was sure that Steve would be fantastic in whatever way, shape or form he decided to serve, and he wished him all the luck in the world, and that he himself had to go back to work now, so he could solve the mystery of Vanko’s arc reactor.
"Clint, I don't think..." Steve almost whispered, but then cut off when Tony grabbed him by the collar and yanked him closer. His eyes flew up to Tony's and his blush deepened even more.
“Trust me, Steve. Just because they were published in a peer reviewed journal doesn’t mean the authors knew what they were talking about. Those particular ones are only fit for the litter box. Or to light fires with. That would be acceptable too.”
Tony swallowed hard. No? What? Was Steve breaking up with him? Now? Had he finally had enough? He didn’t blame him, it was only-
"Okay, guys," Clint sounded a little strangled. "Get a room, will ya? No fucking in the kitchen, please."
. So he stayed the hell away from Pepper and Rhodey and his former teammates, because he might need them later. He threw himself into his work instead. The next armor was going to be a work of art. Gorgeous, efficient, deadly as fuck Art.
"Tony, you took down a kid."
It was odd to sit next to him during dinner. In the clean clothes and with his hair short and smelling like Tony’s shampoo, there was nothing about him that screamed ‘homeless’ anymore. His hair was soft and golden and looked very touchable. He was still a little thin in the face, but it was hard to recognize the miserable man who had come in an hour earlier. Steve must have felt it too. He wasn’t what Tony would call exuberant, but he’d lost a good bit of the catastrophic brittleness that had colored his previous interactions with Tony’s roommates. He was smiling and even laughing on occasion. Clint had shared his personal stash of quality beer, most likely as an unvoiced apology for being an ass earlier. Whatever, it was good beer. The lasagna, as always, was great, even if the salad had rather large chunks of tomatoes in it.
"Don't Clint me! Give me the fucking mistletoe.....
In the end, after a couple of days of doing nothing but spending time with his cats, he called his old house. The phone was picked up after only a couple of rings.
He flung his arms around Tony as both of them whooped in exhilaration. The snowy trees fell away below, with the watery sun peeking through a shroud of mist above, and the icy air hit their cheeks with a vengeance. Steve cast a wandless warming charm before the tears being blown out of his eyes could freeze in his lashes. He blinked rapidly.
"They're not even fighting,” Natasha continued, “They're going 'Why didn't you call me for six months?' 'Why didn't I call
"What are we looking for?" said Steve at his elbow, looking a little lost in the face of all the blindingly white Apple products. They probably burned his retinas.
"Stark, you have access to the same files as I do, don't even try to tell me you don't. Just because you avoid your old man's stuff like the plague doesn't make it my duty to point out when you're wearing blinders. You could have known and you chose not to. Tough fucking shit." Fury's was flatter and colder.
“Can I?”
Because if Tony found out, it would ruin everything. Steve didn't even know if they could remain on the team together with something like that hanging between them, it would be too awkward and uncomfortable, not to mention painful. Steve had no illusions about how painful it would be for him. He knew that, after the awkward and uncomfortable phase, or even to try and lighten that awkward phase, Tony would not be able to help cracking jokes about what had gone on in Steve's head. Because in the 21st century, and especially in Tony's 21st century, dirty sex was something you could joke about. And Steve would live in eternal mortification.
“I’ve been to war. So yes.”
Steve smiled. "Maybe I just want you to know this stuff, Tony."
“Remove the Compulsion and I’d happily take my food to my lab, so I can leave everyone in peace,” Tony groused, stabbing his sausage with deadly intent. “This is an outrage, being forced to come eat in the Hall and to go to bed at midnight. What am I, twelve? It is utterly ridiculous.”
"Yeah. Well.” Tony shrugged. “Nice to know you’re going to say yes, anyway. Takes a bit of the pressure off."
“Can we sleep?” Steve sounded tired. Tony forced himself back to earth.
Steve told his story. He was amazed to learn that while he had been here over a year, he'd only been gone couple of months in the 21
As they laid side by side panting at the ceiling, Tony finally caught his breath enough to talk.
Really, the attracted to men bit wasn't like a clap of thunder in a cloudless sky. He had never been particularly drawn to women and a big part of the reason he'd been attracted to Peggy was her mean right hook and her ability to clear out a room full of Nazis with a machine gun. Which probably wasn't what most other men looked for in a woman, on the whole. And if he was very, very honest, if Bucky had offered, back in the day, he was sure he wouldn't have said no. He might have given the whole sexuality thing more thought while growing up if he'd been born 70 years later, but he wasn't, so he hadn't.
"Oh, but you do," came a voice from behind them.
"Another beat, Sir."
Steve stared at the floor.
"Hello, JARVIS. Thanks for letting me in. I really need to talk to Tony, I'm glad you understand."
"Alright, let me know when I am close enough. Tony, hold my cup and block me from sight for a few seconds, pretend to admire the view or something." He moved Tony in front of him, so he was in between him and the arguing couple and hopped over the railing, catching the bars at the bottom so he hung with his hands on deck level on the outside of the ship. He was just going to hope nobody on the lower level would be looking out the window and spot his legs.
“Look at you,” croons Tony, “you're so fucking eager. I love how eager you are. But I bet you're tight. I bet you're
of casseroles."
“I don’t feel very safe right now.”
“Come on, Stevie. I’ll take good care of you. Just come home with me.” Swallowing down an uncomfortable pang of regret, he tried very hard to pretend he wasn’t also talking to another Steve. Maybe he wasn’t as sober as he thought, he usually had that shit under better control.
“Entwhistle,” was the growled return.
Steve looked at him with wonder. “I will,” he almost whispered.
Bors looked at Steve now.
"That was part of the fun, dumbass." Now Tony looked amused.
"Tony.... what do I do?"
Natasha flounced over. “Are we getting off the ice? We have more stuff to do.” She looked curiously between Steve and Tony. “What are you guys talking about?”
Steve swallowed hard. “And you would have been okay with that?”
"Well, that was stupid, Stark," Clint joined them at the table. "Now we now that you'll be lying when you tell us that you have another commitment and you'll have to spend the day with us."
“Can't wait to see you in those superhero tights, Mr Wayne.” Steve knew that joke was kind of lame, but it seemed important that he help Tony cover up the vulnerabilities he had exposed. At Steve's request, no less, and that was something of a miracle in itself. So the least he could do was help the man regain his footing before the night was through. Nobody wanted to go to sleep with those kind of memories still looming under the surface.
“You’re leaving, then?” Tony stomped down on a sinking feeling of disappointment. It’d been nice, hanging out with Steve. Really nice.
When Steve kissed him, he managed not to cry. Barely.
true it was. Tony would burn the world down for less than a handful of people, but Steve was definitely on that list. He wasn't going to lose that man.
“I figured. And if you did, they’d be the wrong ones. That’s why Thistlethwaite is coming over. He’ll grumble and moan and charge me an arm and a leg, but you’ll have exactly the right robes by tonight.”
“It’s a bit of a painful subject, mind if we skip it?”
"Whoa, there!" Tony interrupted indignantly. "First of all, I never claimed to be a knight and secondly-"
, while he made a mental note to look up dancers named Antonio Banderas. It was quickly explained that today they would learn the Quickstep first, then the Waltz and they would end with the Rumba. Dances like the Foxtrot would be covered during more advanced classes and apparently they had a whole separate session for other Latin American dances. They paired up.
Wow, Steve's hearing was truly phenomenal. And staying here till Judgment Day was not an option Tony would even consider. He wracked his brain to think of what they might have packed that he could use to light a fire. And then he smacked himself in the forehead. Duh.
Steve kept his eyes firmly on Tony’s face.
Coulson came back in and turned off the tv. Silence descended in the room as the man made his way to Tony.
When Tony was eighteen and close to finishing both degrees, his parents died in a car accident. Obie sent him a plane ticket to attend the funeral. It was one way, first class. Tony took it to a travel agent and exchanged it for a return ticket in coach. He pocketed the difference. He made it through the ceremony numb and dry eyed. When Obie slung his arm around his shoulder and started talking about his responsibilities at Stark Industries, Tony excused himself to go to the bathroom, took a cab to the airport, and flew back to Amsterdam. He started breathing better as soon as he walked out of the train station in Delft.
All except Mr Deere himself, who was now actively glaring at him. Tony sighed a little. Always a dumbass who wouldn't get with the program. He leaned back in his chair and stared back impassively. A few minutes into the staring match, conversation stuttered to a halt as the others caught on to the building tension. Tony brought Steve's hand in front of his chest. He briefly considered sucking on Steve's index finger, but considering that he was probably still pissed at Tony for his earlier forays into dub-con, he settled for twirling his husband's wedding ring back and forth. The silence was deafening. Helen put her hand on her husband's arm, but it didn't seem to settle him much.
"Just so we're clear, you're a capsicle by choice. We could have taken a climate controlled plane."
The catacombs were indeed a little creepy with all their empty berths (and the occasional bone fragment), but also utterly fascinating. The frescoes were amazing and it blew Steve's mind to see art this old outside of an art-history textbook. But the place was also a maze and he realized that Tony had been right, this was a prime kidnapping spot. Many corridors that were not part of the the tour were closed off by metal gates, but gates had keys and there were so many nooks and crannies to lay low in until the group had wandered off that Hydra would be stupid not to try anything here. Maybe there were even other exits. Apparently there were 9 miles worth of tunnels on three levels and only half a mile was open to the public.
He threw himself into his work and his research was progressing in leaps and bounds in those days.
"Yeah. You can be... Steven Grant. My mild mannered, but imposing body guard."
"You can't kill me." Tony almost stepped forward, then remembered he was checking for airflow, and held back, pretending he was keeping a safe distance. "Can you even touch me? I bet you can't. I bet you didn't even touch them either. I bet you just convinced them to move the cover and come in here and the fumes did the rest. Maybe you aren't even really here. Actually, I don't think you are. You can't even physically manifest, can you?" He cackled in glee, but quit abruptly when the demon dropped all pretense of being human and reared up on black scaly haunches, unfurling clawed wings. It lunged at Tony with a snout full of razor sharp teeth and Tony really couldn't help but scramble backwards. It was a reflex. Physically present or not, the thing was fucking terrifying. Tony's back hit the wall and then the thing was looming over him, his whole being radiating menace.
When he finally starts noticing the frigid tiles under his bare ass, he belatedly pulls up his pants. It's the beginning of the end of the storm and a few minutes later he hiccups to a halt. Wiping away fresh wells of tears for a few minutes more. He's exhausted. He feels hollow.
is such a limited question, my dear. Why constrain yourself to
"He will." Tony was sure. "You're a stubborn son of a bitch. He doesn't stand a chance."
They disentangled as quickly as they could without looking totally ridiculous and Steve stood up and put his robe back on. But not before Tony had glimpsed the undeniable swelling in his swim trunks, which made him almost crow in triumph while still cursing himself for letting himself get so distracted. He shoved his stuff in Corbin's man-purse and pulled Steve with him.
“Can’t wait,” Tony added, grinning. “Fireworks either way.”
Clint rose out of his seat and snagged Steve’s beer. “You shouldn’t be drinking, Steve, that’s bad for the baby.”  And Thor pounded Steve on the back. “Congratulations, friend Steve! Is Tony the father?” Steve looked even more dour and Tony couldn’t help it, he cracked up. So did everyone else, including -eventually- Steve. When Tony could catch his breath again, he stood up and stole the beer back from Clint to hand to Steve.
“Hold it still,” he ordered and raised his wand. Steve tried to overlay a Stasis spell without breaking the
Tony strode to the church doors and yanked on one.
He paused at the door of the common room and looked at her. Her lips were thin and tense.
With a sinking feeling he realized there were no hospitals. And that there was absolutely nothing he could do for this poor child. He felt powerless in a way he'd never experienced before. He swallowed down a lump in his throat. The little girl was obviously loved despite her disfiguration, her clothes were clean and soft and the basket was lined with wool to keep her comfortable. She had stopped crying and was looking at him in wonder, reaching with her one tear stained, snot smeared hand up towards his face plate. Tony pressed his lips together and swallowed again with difficulty. He blindly reached into the bag and grabbed a handful of coins. He quickly shoved them under the wool bedding. He was about to get up and leave when he thought of what the people hiding in the alleys might do to a child touched by a demon. That could not possibly end well for this girl. She might not survive anyway, with whatever disease she was suffering from, but Tony couldn't screw up the little chance that she still had. So he leaned forward with his face to her outstretched hand and let it touch the metal. He pretended to be flung backwards by the force of her touch, pretended that it had somehow burned him, bellowing in agony. He heard the girl giggle as he staggered away with his sack and then he fired the thrusters and took to the air. A moment later a crying woman came running towards the basket. Tony hoped she'd be smart enough not to show the money to anyone else, he wouldn't put it past them to want it back.
Steve was the first one to come back to the tower. It was December 12th, or at least, that was when Tony noticed, as he schlepped himself into the communal kitchen for a 3 am breakfast that was not liquid. Steve could have been there for a couple of days already, as far as Tony knew, the last 72 hours were a bit of a blur, to be honest. Steve wasn't alone. He and a dude that Tony could only assume to be Falcon, judging by the wings he was sporting, were bent over a bunch of papers and in the middle of a heated discussion. Tony blinked in confusion. The hell was Steve doing here? S.H.I.E.LD. was dead. Steve had killed S.H.I.E.L.D. last summer. Didn't that mean the Avengers were dead too? Despite the apartments Tony had had built for them in the tower back in happier days, Bruce was the only one that used his.
"Did you wait for my response before you ran off?"
Then Tony thought of something. “Wait. Are you MIA or AWOL?”
Steve shakes his head and Tony sighs disgustedly.
The man raised his arms and proclaimed dramatically: "Go, adventurous Grail knights, to the Castle of Maidens and there do away with the wicked customs!" Then he turned on his heel and stalked back into the forest. Steve blinked. That had been decidedly weird.
Tony grinned some more at that and opened his mouth to retort.
She nodded, obviously not caring all that much and turning her focus back on the dancing flame in her hand.
"I have seen the Grail before, although it looked a bit different, but there was a cloth over it, so I can't be sure. I failed to ask a question, though, that was what my cousin said later, anyway. I can't remember the question. And then I was turned out of the castle and the gate would not open for me no matter how much I shouted. And there was other stuff as well, a bleeding lance and a candelabra and a broken sword. But they must have moved it because I don't think the castle was named Castle Aaargh and I don't remember a demon called Shawarma, either."
After several twists and turns that Steve was sure brought them back to the original corridor that led to the gate, he broke the silence. "Tell me what happened."
"To my last breath," swore Steve, hitting a screaming woman in the chest with his shield. He looked around him for a way out of this mess, but the castle gate was closed behind them and he couldn't see himself climbing the walls holding Tony. He was strong, but he wasn't the Hulk. He spotted a small figure on top of the battlements and wondered if maybe they could lower a rope. Opening the gates with this mob outside was out of the question, but Steve and Percival wouldn't be able to hold out against them forever either.
"Aw, come on now, Tony. You're not going to tell me they hurt your feelings, are you? It's not like you are particularly patriotic or anything."
Steve sighed a little. Tossing his branch back into the fire, he dropped back onto his elbows and stared up into the sky. The weather had cleared up and the vast expanse of the Milky Way stretched from horizon to horizon. It made him feel small and insignificant in a good way. Like, maybe if he screwed this one up, the world might not end after all.
He was going to die. He was going to die in agony.
When his anger had burned itself out with only the embers of 'why am I so fucking pathetic?' still glowing fiercely, he found himself working on Steve's suit for longer and longer periods of time. He realized that he was about to slide into a funk so deep he wasn't sure he was ever going to crawl back out. Steve wasn't dead, for Christ's sake. Steve wasn't even lost. Steve might even be a possibility if Tony could manage to pull his head out of his ass and convince Steve that he needed to be with Tony. But Steve needed to be free to make that choice and he wasn't. And that reminded Tony that Steve's superiors owed him a shit load of money. It was time to grow a fucking pair and do what he could do. So he stopped updating his security system and waited for Nick Fury to show up.
He turned by his door. Steve hadn’t moved yet, gingerly holding the pajama pants.
And with that Steve lifted the shield and smashed the tombstone to pieces.
“I can hire all the lawyers I want,” said Tony. “What do you mean ‘alive’?” he asked Rhodes.
"Well. He did tell Morgaine to go home and be a good little wifey after her husband punched her in the face with his gauntlet on."
"Are you saying my security system has no defense against polite, persuasive villains? Because if that is the case I can wipe you and start over."
When Tony was sixteen and flying home after graduating from his boarding school in Switzerland two years early, he got off his plane at a layover in Amsterdam and deliberately missed his connecting flight. He took a train to Delft and enrolled at the university there in both electrical engineering and mechanical engineering. Both were 4 year degrees where they assumed you’d done all the general education you ever wanted to do back in high school, so they got right down to business, which suited him just fine. His purpose had been two-fold. He had no desire to go to MIT, which was full of his dad’s cronies who would be more than happy to ‘keep an eye on Anthony’. That and he really wanted to piss off Howard.
" And with that Steve sealed his mouth over Tony's. To stop himself from saying more and to stop Tony from saying
That earned him a jab with an elbow and Steve retaliated by pulling him closer so he couldn't employ said elbow anymore. Then Tony just settled against his shoulder and started a sleepy diatribe about Steve's lack of taste and skewed priorities and his own dreadful misfortune of being stuck with a yokel like Steve in a country full of yokels in the Yokel Ages and Steve just laughed.
"Hey, Tony." Natasha said when he plopped himself down. She had changed a bit. It was hard to tell what made him think so, specifically, she just didn't seem as ready to string him up and flay him alive. Not that she didn't seem ready to do that at all, just not
don't understand. You're not just suing the Armed Forces for money. If that was the case they would have settled this out of court in the blink of an eye. You are suing them for access to Captain America. You claim the Howard Stark foundation is entitled to information that they deem classified and, most importantly, you mean to break their claim on Captain America by insisting the contract he signed in the 1940s when he enlisted is no longer valid and cannot be enforced. The goal is to get Captain America into the position where he can make his own choices, correct?"
Steve mutely held out the two little black furballs and Tony thought he might be blushing a bit. Bruce stood up and dipped a finger in his yoghurt. He brought it closer and the kittens started licking his finger with little pink tongues.
And it was also swell that the virginity he didn't particularly want or need made him eligible to find the Grail, except that he didn't
Right, that did it. Tony wasn’t marrying that asshole. At least not for a couple of months.
Tony turned his head towards him and raised an eyebrow.
? Just pining in silence? Torturing yourself watching me sleep?”
Tony couldn't believe it. "You don't know? How can you not know? Were you, like, blindfolded? Were the curtains of your litter drawn? Were you too busy admiring--"
She and Jarvis apparated away, while Tony cooed at his bike some more and gave Happy detailed instructions how to care for it. Her.
Steve collected his leather gauntlets and his knife and pulled another stick out of the fire, copying Tony's procedure before he started scraping the charred wood into the bowl.
"Hold on," Tony felt like he'd been bulldozed, "Where are
"Listen. Why don't you just spit it out. Mutually beneficial
And with that Steve jumped over the railing. Tony and Clint watched him land, drop and roll onto the deck three stories down, swing himself over the railing there, and catch himself on yet another set of railing bars, rapidly closing in on the zodiac's grappling hook.
Steve and Bors were on their way back with firewood when they heard Percival yelp in pain and Gawaine roar with laughter from the direction of the camp.
“Be quiet, whippersnapper,” he admonished, grateful when he felt some of the tension drain out of Tony's body.
It had taken the Avengers months to track Loki down after he'd vanished Steve, and Tony was ready to strangle the man. Leprechaun. God. Whatever he was.
"Excuse you, Mr Super Soldier, those were Captain America underwear, not stars and stripes."
Steve looked Draco up and down.
"Oh God! Tony, please! Tony...." He broke off with a half sob on Tony's name and Tony tried to simultaneously retrieve his stomach from the vicinity of his boots and to will his instant erection down. Jesus fuck! Steve! He felt like he might spontaneously combust with the effort not to show any reaction when he noticed the demon looking at him from a bit of a distance.
“Okay,” says Tony and it breaks Steve's reverie. He doesn't even know what is okay. Steve's mom not coming home or Tony sleeping in her bed. He looks for a sign in Tony's face that he is humoring the weirdo while looking for a way to escape, but the face is carefully bland now. It hasn't been this bland before and that kind of says it all, doesn't it? Steve wants to punch something, but he can't do that while Tony is watching. Tony's eyes flick to Steve's hand that is twitching with the need to ball into a fist and Steve forces it flat onto the table. He waits for Tony to say something, but the man just gets up and starts clearing the table. He washes the dishes too while Steve sits and stares at his hands wondering what the fuck he is doing. Finally, he manages to get up and grab a dish towel. As he picks up the first glass and starts drying it, Tony throws a quick smile his way.
“And that is why you had sex with me.”
Tony had gotten back to the castle and out of the armor before the witch came to. The previous occupants had conveniently left behind some of the larger pieces of furniture, such as rope strung beds with straw stuffed mattresses which were decidedly moldy, and giant tables. He'd placed her on one of the latter. He had the suit close by, because he was sure the woman would have questions.
Steve, but he had no way of explaining his maudlin mood without going into all the crap he’d kept from him. Maybe someday when being alive was normal enough again that he could have a drink or two before he called.
But not today. Today he was... going to drive a race car! What the hell was the point in owning one if you didn't drive it? The risk of crashing the damned thing and going out in a ball of flame didn't seem quite as objectionable as it would have mere days ago.
“This time we're in it together, Tony. With my brawn and your brain, it's going to be a piece of cake.”
“It's a hundred fucking degrees out there, Steve,” Tony says with his face back under control.
“Oh yes, it will!” insisted Tony. “We’re going with it.”
"Uh... We just had Santa, so maybe Angels?"
"I love you too." And he bit him softly on the ear.
would work on an inanimate object, when it it was as animated as this, even if wasn’t alive, or maybe it was, when the house elf in the portrait yelled.
It took long enough, though. Eventually he tied the horses up and sat himself against a rock, enjoying the morning sunshine.
He shoved his hands in his pockets as he started walking again. Then stopped when he encountered a handful of cat treats in his right pocket. He dug them out and looked back at the alley. What the hell, he might as well try now, right? If it didn’t work, and it probably wouldn’t, given how skittish Steve had proven to be, he could go the trap route another day. He rubbed both his hands on the cat treats as he slowly made his way down the alley. At the cellar doors he squatted down and peered under the stairs where he’d seen the kittens for the very first time. Two wide blue eyes stared back at him.
a whole lot better. Really, why is he losing it over an insult to a toolbox? Steve forces himself to breathe in, and it's shaky, but he starts feeling better when he lets the breath out slowly. He does it again. Slowly he unfolds and leans back in his chair. He's alright. He's going to be fine. He's not melting down over a fucking toolbox.
Clint was looking at Tony as if he was not quite the sharpest crayon in the box. Which was patently unfair, because compared to all other crayons everywhere, Tony was wicked sharp. "Come on, Stark," he even sounded like he didn't believe Tony had just had a marvelous idea. "Surely you've figured out by now that we're not outsourcing Christmas."
"We are missing three people," Steve replied, "What is the procedure for that?" Not that he cared what the procedure was, he was going to look for Tony no matter what, but grandma was going to freak out about the twins.
"Fine," said Natasha, "You go after him and bring him back."
"After your show with the shield and the acrobatics? Sure. JARVIS?"
The actual driver, whom Tony dismissed on the spot, threw his helmet on the ground as he stomped off and Tony suspected there would be a lengthy apology and a parting with enough money to smoothe ruffled feathers in the future. Whatever. Maybe he'd be dead before that happened anyway. The engine of the Formula 1 racecar rumbled pleasantly under his ass and when the flag came down for the start of the race and the kick of adrenalin hit his system, he cackled in glee. It turned out he wasn't even that bad at racing. It was different than flying the armor of course, JARVIS wasn't his copilot in this, but the insane pull of the car as he rounded the corners was exhilarating.
When Steve woke up in the pre-dawn light, he was alone in the bed. Lifting his head, he could see Tony standing in the kitchenette bent over one of his projects. Tony's lounge pants were slung low on his hips and Steve was struck again with the realization that the man was beautiful and that he wanted him. He felt a tendril of possessiveness unfurl and that probably wasn't a good thing. Falling into bed with Tony yesterday, after having resolved he wasn't going to, probably hadn't been smart either. But that ship had sailed and try as he might he could not feel sorry about it in the least. Quite the opposite, really. He'd just have to deal with the loss when it came. For now, he wasn't going to pass up anything that Tony offered. They had another couple of days, if Hydra didn't interfere. And talking about Hydra....
“Stay,” he hears himself say. “I'll go make the bed.”
“You read my thesis?”
"And you were afraid Tony would reject you. That he hadn't forgiven you and that he didn't want to be with you. If you stayed away, you could cling to the hope that maybe you had a chance with him."
"No! No, the point is that you'd be incognito. You know... like Clark Kent, our mild mannered reporter when he's not being Superman."
Tony does.
That was the moment JARVIS piped up in their earpieces: “I have found the gentleman in question, sir. His name is Abdel Bajjah and he has three unpaid parking tickets in Villeurbanne, near Lyon.”
When he found his voice, he turned to King Arthur and said: "I am going too. I swear I will find this demon and vanquish him."
"I can't believe this," he interrupted Steve's theories on Noble Firs potentially staying fresh longer, "Look at us!"
"Good boy." he whispered and then let his thumb trace Steve's bottom lip. Steve's lips parted and his breath sped up. "
“Wouldn't dream of it,” Sam swore solemnly. Then he winked at Steve and followed Pepper out.
“An all expenses paid working vacation to Europe? How could I refuse? You are very persuasive, Mr. Stark.”
"Please," scoffed Tony, "Have you met me? Screw you guys. It's every man for himself, cookie-wise." He squared his shoulder and took another chug of beer. "Wish me luck, I'm going in." He stalked to the table before he could talk himself out of it.
Then he cried.
"Okay. Glad I managed to not completely fuck it up, I suppose. Sorry we had to run."
“Really? I think they look pretty nice.”
"You look great."
fine, but now he feels like he's going to burst if he doesn't.
“I’m not miserable,” Tony objected on auto pilot. He spun the beer coaster he’d gotten with his bottle of tepid coke. He missed Steve like he’d miss a limb, but he wasn’t miserable. Just… not happy.
"I thought adding the good Captain as our leader was meant to bring the Iron Man back into our ranks, my good lady Widow?"
Fine. He'd go check out this Castle of Maidens. At least it'd be a distraction. He gathered his things quickly, half wishing he had a squire, like Lancelot and Gawaine did.
"I'm sure I'll stop having anxiety attacks about that any minute now. Hey, did you know I sent Del a thank you card?"
Tony reluctantly sidled out of the kitchen, purposely avoiding the table. The tree they had brought home last night was standing next to the fireplace and Maria Hill was stringing it full of lights. Otherwise it was still undecorated. He wandered over, tasting the beer. Yowza. Strong. He barely managed to swallow without coughing.
board but rather like it was trying to jump
“A lion? I didn't see a lion.”
“Good to see you too, Draco. And you, Harry.” Tony smiled at the unobtrusive man next to Draco who was busy rolling his eyes at his blond friend. Steve only noticed him now.
"That's right," said Tony, and then picked up the little Hawkeye and looked Clint in the eye while he bit its head off.
"Very well. I'll come back later, then, shall I?"
The first year he stayed in one of the soulless student housing blocks way on the outskirts of town. The second year he managed to score a much coveted entry level room in one of the student community apartments on a canal in the center. He happened to be on hand at an ‘instemming’ where a group of applicants for the room were vetted by the current residents, when the coffee machine broke. Tony had it fixed in two minutes flat and that, according to Clint and Thor, was good enough for them. Natasha objected for a bit, because she wanted to hold out for another girl, but since this was Delft and everyone attended the Technical University, boys outnumbered girls 20 to 1 anywhere you went. In Tony’s freshman year in Electrical Engineering there had actually been 2 girls to 400 guys and this freshman year there were none, but the faculties for Architecture and Industrial Design helped to unskew the numbers a bit. Clint argued that she hadn’t ever liked any of the girls that showed up for these things and Bruce had gently agreed and that had been that and Tony was in.
As the line progressed, the names of the people he was introduced to became more and more familiar. They had wizarding laws named after their family, or they featured in the pages of the Daily Prophet and Steve was glad he was annoyed by all the subtle digs at his own ancestry and Tony’s health; otherwise he would have been intimidated. He wondered how many more of these people he could take before he did something stupid and humiliating.
"I think so," said Steve, "Do you have any emergency supplies?"
“Not gonna stand for that, Steve.”
“I know. Start with that shed at 2 o’clock. It’s where they keep the drugs they use to finance this operation.”
Steve didn’t know why he had expected Tony’s workshop to be in the dungeon, probably because it would have been closer to the gates of hell, but it was just as well, at least the astronomy tower was close. He pivoted on his heel and started running down the hallway, checking that his wand was in the arm holster, where it belonged. Thank fuck it was. He didn’t know how bad things were, but for Tony to ask for
He was interrupted by his doorbell. The days were long past when that would cause a little thrill of ‘Steve!’. Now he just figured it’d was one of Clint’s annoying friends who hadn’t realized he was gone and was just ringing all the bells to get in. Tony’s friends had all gone on vacation, but he himself was too busy writing up his thesis to take a break and risk losing the flow (or risk Yinsen coming up with additional calculations they -meaning Tony- should try). He sighed and carefully dislodged Thor and Brucie and left his room. He hit the automatic door opener he had finally installed last month.
And Tony's wits were scrambled. It was absolutely, completely and utterly pathetic. He'd gotten off twice in the last two hours, the second time a lovely mutual jerk off session in the cramped shower stall (cramped, because Steve was fucking huge) that had involved lots of hot water, slippery skin, wandering hands and a frankly ridiculous amount of kissing. He was going to have to get some chapstick soon. Tony couldn't remember this much kissing since he was a teenager, and he wasn't a goddamned teenager anymore. No, he was forty-something and getting off twice in one evening should be enough to last him for days. It should at least be enough to clear his head. Yet here he was, staring at Steve's plump bottom lip and his smiling blue eyes and counting the seconds until he could drag him back to the cabin and get him naked again.
“Sorry?” Steve said again, brushing his thumb over a cheekbone.
"Sir Stephen! Your presence is sorely needed in the Castle of Maidens, where un-Christian acts are about to be performed by the Grail knights. Please make haste!" With that the man slunk back into the shadows.
“That’s not- Oh, shut up and get on.”
Things were more than fine, actually. The cats were happy and Tony had large couch that caught the sun from the south facing windows and a ton of floor space to spread out the articles he was currently referencing in his thesis. And if he felt the need to work night and day when the writing was going well, there was no one banging on his door because the music was too loud, or forcing him to take food breaks, or because ‘it was his turn to clean the fucking toilets and they were fucking disgusting, Tony, do your fucking chores’!
"What!" John Deere Hat fired back, decidedly less calm.
Tony woke up alone. Not just without Steve, no, the whole campsite was deserted, except for the horses. He didn't know whether to groan and roll his eyes, or curse. Where the hell had the fuckers run off to
"I believe the squid interrupted the meeting you were supposed to attend and he did bring some guns, sir, but those seem to be ineffective. And they're wet now."
It was slow going on the way back to the tower. The tree wasn't particularly heavy, Steve was carrying most of the weight, but it was unwieldy and they had to maneuver it through the crowd on the sidewalk without taking anyone's head off. It might have been easier if Steve had just slung it over his shoulder and Tony was man enough to admit that he wouldn't have minded the sight of Steve being all beefcake with a Christmas tree, but this was fine too. Very romcom scenario, still. The snow was falling thicker now and Tony's feet were going a bit numb. Time to pick up the pace.
Tony poked at the artificial hand, causing Bucky to jerk from the shoulder. It must go all the way up then.
Steve smiled bigger. He realized he'd have to tell Tony
idea, Tony, what our stock prices have been doing in the last 24 hours? You first decided to drive a Formula 1 race car, then almost got decimated by a lunatic with whips, powered by what looked suspiciously like patented Stark Industries technology, so now we seem to be the victim of corporate espionage. Or, you know, maybe you have gambled it away at some drunken party. Then you appear to have been hiding a national icon, miraculously come back from the dead and you take off with him and go completely radio silent. Tony, we are are the laughing stock of Wall Street right now! You may not be CEO anymore, but everyone knows you are the talent, and as far as all our investors are concerned you have gone completely off the deep end. I don’t know what the story is here,” she gestured between Tony and a sheepish looking Steve, “but whatever it is, you’re going to come up with something good and wholesome and you’re going to tell everybody how incredibly sane you are. Or as sane as you can be expected to be while you’re still continuing that whole Iron Man charade.”
“Take care, Tony.”
Thankfully, Steve seemed to have misplaced his own dignity sometime during the proceedings too, if the broken voice was anything to go by.
"I wondered, but I don't think so. He's not as jittery as the guys behind the train station, and he's never asked me for money. I can tell he doesn't even like it when I give him food. I think it hurts his pride. He doesn't refuse it, though."
“Nah-ah,” admonishes Tony, using his knees to spread Steve's legs a little wider and even that stretch feels good, as if Steve is even more open, even more helpless now. Then Tony slides in in one fell swoop and Steve drops his head on his forearms and keens. The feeling of Tony inside him is at once overwhelming and grounding and so very, very good. He can't believe he hasn't done this in way too many years, can't even recall the last time he had anyone's dick up his ass, but he knows it can't have felt like this or he would have remembered it.
For the second time in two days he cries with his ass on the floor and his pants around his knees. It's a much smaller event, though, and it's over pretty quickly.
“Oh, honey, I thought you'd never ask.” He can practically hear the smirk in Tony's voice. But then there's another foil packet being opened and before he fully realizes what is happening he feels the head of Tony's cock against his entrance. He pushes back, needing this
“I inherited quite a bit of money when I turned twenty-one.”
"He's not a demon!" Steve had to raise his voice to make Percival hear him. "He is my friend and he- goddamn it!" People were pushing him. He turned and stood wide legged over Tony, his shield between them and the crowd that was busy whipping itself back into a frenzy. Percival put himself shoulder to shoulder with Steve, unquestioningly.
"Shhhh. Steve hasn't seen it." Tony admonished.
. Way too slow for a combat situation and he was going to have to work on that too as soon as he was home. It gave him plenty of time, though, to wipe the blood out of his eye and watch and admire Steve as he spun circles around Whiplash, full of deadly grace. Tony had watched Steve work out in the gym before. In fact, he had saved some 'special' recordings of that on a deeply hidden part of his servers for his own personal pleasure, but it had been nothing like this. Not even close. This was the real thing. This was why Steve was Captain America and Tony realized with a pang of apprehension that that particular cat was out of the bag now, what with all the cameras trained on them. Someone, somewhere, had probably connected the dots as of thirty seconds ago and Steve would be all over the internet in another thirty. And he would lose Steve to fame and fortune and other people. He grit his teeth.
"So the problem is," Clint muttered, "That as soon as I shoot the first one, they can have enough of them run this way that not even I can shoot them all before they reach us. It's a narrow hallway."
And that was like being dunked in a bucket of ice water. Shit! There was no time to lose. He ran over to Steve and knelt beside him.
“Neither do I,” he breathed.
"I.... What?" Steve was too surprised to blush. Then the voice clicked. "Black Widow?"
When Tony came back the workshop was empty.
He ran off to roust the Danes that were still busy staring at the ocean floor.
“Glorious?”
“God. Tony… please…,” he croaked.
, because you only come to see
“Draco, Harry, this is my friend, Steve Rogers. Steve, these are my cousin -several times removed- Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter. Two of a small contingent of people who prefer me alive.” Steve was at a loss for words.
Another picture of Fury's desk came in saying “are the people you need in your group today” Tony stepped back and snapped a picture of the tour group gathered around their guide and typed "Anybody you recognize?"
“So why are you still living with us? Is it not enough to afford a bigger place?”
Steve looked pained for a second. Then he took a deep breath and looked back at Tony.
The demon looked intrigued.
show up for the next part of the itinerary. What are the chances they actually want to talk to us in the Vatican or in the Vatican Museum, both of which are hugely crowded at the best of times?"
Table conversation started innocently enough. John Deere hat was Jim, Hawaiian shirt was Randy, Tony didn't catch the third guys name, Jim's wife was Helen, the others were Lois and Joyce. Of course it all began with the 'where are you from's and the 'what do you do's , although it was blatantly obvious they were only addressing Tony and mostly ignoring Steve, except for looking at him sideways. Well, Tony had warned him and Steve had overruled him, so Steve could just suck it up. This left Tony to carry the conversation, though, so he gritted his teeth and put his schmooze face on. He had plenty of experience talking to people at boring social functions after all and he was determined not to piss Steve off again by being unprofessional about this shit. He answered questions about his 'job in research' and listened to their mundane work stories with only half his brain.
"Nah, man. He's still laying low. It means that my aunt thought I was getting underfoot and told me to skedaddle for a few days. I'm expected back for Christmas, though." He selected another piece of popcorn and stuck the needle through it. "Thought I'd come and see how my buddy Steve was getting through the season, make sure he wasn't moping lonely in a corner somewhere. Hah! Instead I find this!" He gestured expansively with a cranberry. "I must say he's performing beyond my wildest dreams. Got even you roped into his Christmas fantasy, huh?" Sam smiled widely at Tony, as if he was genuinely pleased with him. It was impossible to dislike this guy. He was the perfect partner for Steve, Tony thought a little sourly: upbeat, understanding and likeable. All things Tony failed miserably at even on his best days.
Steve wakes up at 5 am with a full blown anxiety attack. For a good fifteen minutes he thinks he is going to die, until Gwenna pushes her head under his arms and he remembers to exhale and exhale and exhale and then inhale more evenly. Then it slowly subsides. He gives up on going back to sleep and makes his way to the shower. He stands under the hot water for a good twenty minutes, drought be damned, while he replays what happened last night. His ass his sore, but he doesn't care about that. He feels like shit with the come down of the adrenalin from his little episode, but under that he feels sated in a way that only a good fuck can accomplish. And he feels more... alert, for lack of a better word. Steve wonders what has happened to his fragile inner peace and how the hell he can get it back, before he flies apart completely.
“Steve, you’re muggle born, right?”
Steve gritted his teeth as the bike seemed to stretch like a very large cat and pushed itself into Tony’s hand, ramping up the pleased rumble. Before he knew it, Tony had his arms full of amorous motorcycle. He lost his balance and ended up on his ass, laughing delightedly at Steve, who managed a wry smile in return. Tony didn’t notice.
“Yeah. Sorry. It was faster than trying to get through your death trap of a door.”
“Please, sir. I am afraid he’s getting hurt.”
“Yeah, I am. When I have the others. But in the meantime, you know, one of them kept pouncing on my head and the other got really snippy with my ankles and it just seemed appropriate?”
Tony was halfway across the room before JARVIS had finished speaking. He checked that he was wearing the bracelets and was about to jump out the window when he changed his mind and raced down to the workshop.
“Why….was your motorcycle angry?
"How about Columbus? Did you know Columbus? I always thought he'd be a bit of an ass..."
“Sure.” Steve gratefully jumped onto the change of topic. “What else are you going to need for these bombs?”
Tony had been right on the no hat and the pink cheeks thing, but Steve's scarf was a boring plaid one. He also was a competent skater, if not quite Brian Boitano. Natasha was more than a competent skater. If Tony didn't know better, and really, he might actually not, he'd think she'd grown up in one of those Cold War athlete factories the Eastern Block used to sport. Clint was having fun, and that's the most Tony would say about his skills. Tony shivered a bit in his coat, it wasn't quite New York City winter proof, but the ones that were were just too unflattering to be seen in in public. Genius, billionaire, philanthropist, Michelin Man was not just not how he saw himself. He was contemplating getting a hot chocolate to take some of the chill off when Steve spotted him. The smile that broke out on Steve's face was blinding and it must have done something weird to Tony's brain, because, despite protesting vehemently, Tony found himself on the ice with the other Avengers fifteen minutes later.
".....You're not?" Tony blinked and tried to mesh this paradigm shift with the silent afternoon. He could not make it add up. "Then why all the frowny faces today?"
for a “business trip”, like so many times before and he'd expected her to send him to the Stark facilities in Guam, or somewhere else suitably tropical, also like so many times before. There he'd planned on meeting the local hotshots for about five minutes before pissing off to the beach with the local beauty queens.
"It pains me to say it, but you are in no condition to travel, Sir Galahad. I can not permit you to go anywhere until you are healed."
“Of course. You gave it to me. It’s not my area of expertise, of course, but it seemed to make sense.”
Everything pointed to that being a hopeless endeavor. The man was a superhero, a genius, a celebrity, mind bogglingly rich and from everything Steve had seen in the papers, a bit of a slut. The chances of him wanting to pursue a relationship with a soldier who was either deployed or stuck on a military base were nil. He tried to imagine asking Dr Redditch if they could take a break during test #376 so Steve could go see his boyfriend and he could just see that going over like a lead balloon. Not that Tony would be interested in Steve once this assignment was over. Their lives just didn't intersect. And even if he was, it had no future because Tony could never find out that Steve was the Captain America he so despised. And he would. There was no way Steve could keep lying to him. Right now he was lying by omission and lying under orders, but it was already grating on his conscience.
It was as if Tony could hear the collective gasp reverberating throughout the country. He himself exhaled explosively. A breath he hadn't realized he had been holding. As if he had not truly believed it until he heard Steve say it. He reached for his bottle of Talisker.
“He’s spent three months glued to your side, Tony, he’s seen plenty of the real world. Any longer and he’ll start thinking that you are normal. Besides, the cat is out of the bag, and I need him right now to draw attention away from your fuckups.“
"You talk a lot, but you're not necessarily saying anything that is important to you. You obfuscate with words, Tony. I just don't talk. You hide too, though. When's the last time you shared something really personal?"
"No civilians died, Steve. At least not after I got there."
“I can’t go until after I defend my thesis in a couple of months though.” He looked back up at Steve. “Do you…? You’re not going tonight, are you?”
She rolled her eyes and turned back to Steve. It was almost a dance, the way she moved from one side to the other, cutting quickly and efficiently. Then she took the trimmer and pushed Steve’s head forward to buzz his neck.
“Here, gimme the soap,” Tony said as he plucked it out of Steve's hand and then he bowed his head in invitation. It couldn't be helped. Steve groaned inwardly as he dug his hands into Tony's hair. It was long and slippery between his fingers and Tony's skull was firm and warm against the tips. He tried to drown his desire with a semblance of military precision as he worked his way methodically over Tony's head. Tony, the bastard, moaned with pleasure. And it would be easy, it would be so fucking easy to tip Tony's head up and to just swallow that moan straight from his lips. Tony lifted his head, as if he was reading Steve's thoughts, his head pressing back against Steve's hands. Steve reflexively flexed his fingers, cradling the back of it. When Tony's eyes met his it was as if the air was suddenly sucked out of his lungs, his heart beating loudly in his ears. Seconds passed that felt like hours, both of them unmoving. Then Tony slowly lifted one hand.
“The house elves will be bringing you hot cider and cookies in the Gryffindor common room in 5 minutes. Best hurry.”
“You know how he is, man, still struggling to catch up. He's not ready for Enya. I'm thinking Adele should be next, maybe.”
Steve shouted anyway.
Steve sighed heavily and looked at Sam. "What do you think?"
The soft touch of Steve's thumb on the cut in his eyebrow jolted him out of his mental math refuge. Warily he lowered his eyes and then got another shock when they locked with Steve's. He was so close Tony almost went cross eyed. It was... difficult to breathe and his heart started hammering in his chest. He knew that Steve could hear it, but it wasn't like he could help it. His cheeks heated as Steve kept looking into his eyes, as if there was something there that he needed. The silence stretched.
"Do with it what you will, Sir Gaheris. Leave it here or drag it along to the village. Surely they will be delighted to feast on the monster that has caused them so much grief. Would it not spoil before we got to Camelot?" He looked over his shoulder at Gaheris, who regarded him as if he was feeble minded.
"Don't ever,
That was true. Steve forced his muscles to relax and fitted his body more closely alongside Tony's. The want was still there, but so was the need for comfort, overwhelmingly so. He still felt a little raw and exposed inside and a bit panicky about what to do about it. He could just take the comfort, couldn't he? Just the comfort and the closeness and nothing else. He let out a shuddery sigh and Tony tightened his arm.
, Steve, and going about it in a way that suggested....
"Why can't you?"
“Tony? Are you okay?”
He ran his hands through his hair and winced at the texture of the 'product' as the spa lady had called it. She had seemed excited about the platinum blond Tintin quiff, the almost orange tan and his plucked eyebrows and he hadn't wanted to offend her with his lack of enthusiasm, but he doubted he had pulled it off. He must have looked as uncomfortable as he felt. He absently rubbed the nipple piecing that had already healed under the pink polo shirt he was wearing. Stark called it 'salmon'. Whatever. Useful modern word that, he liked that word. Exchanging his dog tags for the silver medallion had maybe hurt the most, although having the hair on his balls removed probably scored higher on a purely physical pain level. What even was the point of that? It looked weird, it felt weird... he had not been this smooth since he was 12. Even now he felt the urge to wiggle to get comfortable in the skimpy briefs and the weirdly short long pants. Stark called them 'capris'. Whatever.
"So you figured you'd go and sacrifice your ass?" Steve fisted his hands in Tony's shirt and yanked him close. "Fuck you! You're worse than me! You know what would have happened if Hydra had caught you there, Tony? I would have torn the fucking place apart with my bare hands to find you, you asshole! Fifteen hundred year old frescoes and all! And they likely would have killed me anyway, because that would have been
It was over embarrassingly soon. Tony came within a minute of Steve actually touching his dick and then he held Steve as he silently shuddered through his own release, face buried in Tony's neck. Tony was still trying to get his breath back when he suddenly felt Steve stiffen in his arms. He was having second thoughts, then, not unexpectedly, but that didn't mean Tony had to put up with that shit. The last thing he wanted right now was to watch Steve stammer awkwardly through an existential gay crisis of some sort. He gripped Steve by the chin and pulled him into another kiss. A soft one that belied the firm hold he had on him. Not that Steve couldn't break free if he wanted to of course, but it was only meant to communicate the fact that Tony didn't want him to pull back, and as such it did the trick. It only took a few seconds for Steve to relax into his grip and return the kiss. Mission accomplished, so Tony broke it. He didn't pull back far, though.
“And yours seduced her brother when he was but 15 years old, so you need not speak of Sir Percival's mother like that,” snarled Bors.
“Jesus, what is this shit? How do you even wash your hair with this brick?”
“Very well,” said Entwistle. “I am sure I could have done a more satisfactory job if I’d have been able to design the set myself. Or if at the very least you’d let me know the design would need to complement one of his.” There was a minute nod at Thistlethwaite, who frowned at the sneer in his adversary’s voice.
