“I need to talk to you after that.” The Captain’s brow is furrowed as he gazes down at Tony. No way and no how is that ever going to happen.
Sam laughs, deep chuckles that sound like they’re emanating from deep within his belly. “You’re outta luck there. Let’s go.”
“Oh looks like we have that one too. Married 1936, and it looks like—Ah, there we are. And, ah well, yes this is another common thing.”
Steve reaches over and cups Tony’s cheek, drawing him closer, ever closer. Tony crawls with it, letting Steve guide him, limbs dragging over the bedding and coming to rest straddling over Steve’s lap. Steve keeps his hand gently glued to Tony’s cheek as they breathe in each other’s recycled air. Back and forth, steamy and warm in Steve’s lungs.
Nonetheless, he cooperates for the blood tests, letting Bruce’s gentle hands slide a needle under his skin and draw several vials of blood each time.
“You don’t? You cavort around, an unmated omega, and you party, drink, have sex promiscuously, and you wonder what you did to have these very reasonable rules enforced? They call you a genius.” Steve all but sneers at Tony, agitated that he has to spell out exactly why things are the way they are.
“Good. Great. No biting my gland a second time. I know it’s traditional in the first heat, but I don’t want it. No matter how much I beg, you can’t do it. Can you do that for me?” Tony is down to his undershirt and boxers, and he pulls a leg up to take a sock off before doing the same with the other leg.
He loves Tony. He knows that now. And Tony, in the throes of passion, had loved him back. Even if it was fleeting.
The Alpha, whoever he is, has been wiped from his mind.
. He doesn’t stay in medical for anyone.”
It’s not until Tony is standing in his apartment, hazily taking in his surroundings, that Steve realizes this is real. This is happening, now. He swells with fierce desire, trembling as he lays hands on Tony’s narrow hips.
“Can.” The man is back to the terminal now, brows furrowed in concentration.
“I trust you to watch her and make sure nothing happens. I’m going to leave the room now. Don’t disappoint me.” She strides out quickly and shuts the door.
“Then I think we’ve spoken before. I’m Steve Rogers. Captain America.”
He’s Tony Stark, the man, he reminds himself. Not the Omega. He’s not an animal. This was a mistake. Steve doesn’t want him; he wants what any Alpha wants and will do anything to attain. An Omega fuck. This is not for keeps. Nothing in this world is. No matter what Steve has said, has promised.
“My husband thought he was protecting me too. But here I am,” Angela says.
“Tony, I’m not the husband you deserve. You should have so much more than me.” Steve gestures, open handed at Tony, despairing. He feels as if he’s on the edge of a frozen pond, forced to go forward and not knowing how thick the ice is. He doesn’t really understand what Tony is trying to say.
“Tony!”
“So just let him… be.”
“No, Pepper, no, I’m not— no.”
“I’ll carry you.” Steve starts to reach around Tony’s body, fingers wedging themselves under his ribs. Just this simple touch sends paroxysms of need through Tony. It races down his limbs and coils itself right around his erect cock, which is grinding against the hard surface of the floor now. Tony
"Aw, come on, Tony. I've never been inside a castle before. I saw a couple from a distance during the war, but that was it. And if we can't avoid this David guy then we'll book I promise." Steve was a resourceful man and not above begging. And he really did want to go to the party.
"Goonies never say die."
Steve leaned back to gaze on the sixth statue. Backing up a step further than he intended, he came up against the low parapet and, startled, glanced over his shoulder at the emptiness below him. Here the castle jutted far beyond the tower that held it, as if it really did float unsupported above the patchy clouds.
"Would you like to see the most interesting things in the castle? They're not on the guided tour, I assure you."
Assuming these reasons included Director Carter or Sgt. Barnes (or even his
Steve tilted his head lightly at the words and smiled softly.
"Artist, soldier, superhero ... Is there anything you
"I beg your pardon, sir, but ... despite Tony's behavior in his personal life, he's actually very honest when it comes to business. I can assure you he had nothing to do with it."
"I'll take you to Europe this summer, we'll tour all the castles you want."
“It … it is?” This felt like a trap.
Steve's cab was just pulling up to Stark Tower, the sun long set, when his phone went off.
As Xanatos took them out to survey a damaged courtyard, he assured them that all his employees' weapons were properly permitted.
"I'm surprised he remembers me," she laughed.
"I'm glad you could make it, Tony, but really ... sunglasses at an art exhibit? You hiding a shiner or just hung over?"
“We’ll rebuild. We always do.”
"You always did." Xanatos cracked another claw and pried out the tender pink flesh within. "Would it be ...
Within, the receptionist glanced at his invitation and pointed him toward a spacious elevator.
"I certainly hope this doesn't deter you from a second date, Captain." Xanatos went to one knee and gave his prisoner a more thorough inspection. Deciding he was out cold, he released his hold and waited patiently while Steve explained their situation to the dispatcher. "I promise, the next one won't be nearly as exciting."
Natasha, with only the slightest hint of a meaningful glance in Steve's direction, offered her hand for Xanatos to kiss elegantly.
"Can I tell you a secret?" Dr. Mrs. The Monarch whispered, voice even deeper than usual, holding 21 back as all the other henchmen filed off their shift.
"Hopefully, it gets me an archenemy of my own."
"You're not driving tonight are you, Captain?" Xanatos asked with a smile that said he was only teasing.
"I couldn't ask you to do anything that would get you in trouble ... but if you happen to learn anything in passing, I'm sure it could only help Tony's case." Xanatos' smile was back and brighter than ever. His hand came down across the table to brush against Steve's forearm. "And I would be most appreciative."
"Hmm," Thor pondered briefly. "They are fierce creatures and fine warriors, intelligent, even cunning and protective unto death. Stone by day, they are made flesh at nightfall. Have you seen such things, my friend? I thought they'd died out on Midgard centuries ago, though they flourish in other realms."
"I admit I am curious ... I know Tony flew to the castle, and he seemed pretty ... shaken about something."
"Do you have any idea how many women he slept with last year alone?"
"All right, you can come if you have to, but let me do the talking."
Steve turned to find a beautiful woman, dark skinned and raven haired, flashing a badge at him.
Steve seemed to have lost his train of thought.
"I honestly don't care if you
"I guess you're not then."
"Are we what?" Steve blinked innocently.
"The truth is," Xanatos admitted, leading them down the length of the great hall, "my men repelled an invasion by a rival corporation trying to steal some of our new technology."
, Captain?"
"You're just going to get in trouble if you trust him. I'm the one who knows how to handle him." Natasha smirked around her toast, and Tony threw her a glare. "He's planning something big, I can tell just by the way he talks about his little castle, and his little gargoyles, and his stolen property - bullshit by the way - and I don't want you to get wrapped up in it."
"David," Tony turned smoothly to Xanatos, laying a hand on the small of Tasha's back. "I don't believe you've met my new assistant, Natalie Rushman."
This time they came together.
They both laughed softly, exhaustion quickly creeping back in. Neither had slept very long, and it showed under their eyes and in their movements.
"Wild horses couldn't drag me." The hard, flat edge was already back in Tony's tone.
"-and seen magic-"
"In that case, JARVIS, send the fire department. Advise them that the driver was not at fault, that some young hooligans are to blame, that no one appears to be injured, and that I'll personally reimburse the owner for the bike since I didn't arrive in time to save it. Make all necessary transactions. Advise them also that the wreckage has almost burned itself out and that I'm needed elsewhere."
A strange brew of protectiveness, anger and jealousy bubbled in his gut. He wanted to warn Steve, wanted to avoid his own inevitable dinner date, wanted to toss what was left of his latte across the lab. But it was too late. Xanatos' claws were in deep already, and there was no use fighting it.
.” Settling into a groove, he made himself more comfortable. “I really don’t remember all the details, much as I wish I could, but I know we made out on the couch. And I know he was nervous when he pulled off my shirt. Neither one of us had enough energy to try anything strenuous …”
With a deep breath, Tony soldiered on. “I, uh, went down on him for a while, then we ended up in bed. And I
The look on his face practically demanded that the answer be 'no.'
"Haven't you ever heard of overcompensating?"
"There's another. The most impressive of all." Xanatos raised his glass to indicate the central tower.
--------
"Hey, Thor," Tony said, cornering the thunderer in the kitchen, "what do you know about gargoyles?"
Their wine arrived, and after an approving sip, Xanatos poured two glasses. He waited until their waiter slipped away to continue.
"You really have no idea how stunning you are, do you?" asked Xanatos rhetorically, shifting a little in his seat and grinning like a fox in the henhouse.
"I keep forgetting you're from a different time. And not to keep bringing him up ... but surely Tony's had a special gentleman since you've known him ..."
"Uh, yeah." Steve had the grace to feel awful about sneaking off to the party like some kind of rebellious teenager. He didn't usually keep such petty secrets.
)? What could he possibly gain from framing Cyberbiotics for corporate theft (
A red one, as tall as Tony but small compared to Goliath, beaked and white haired, approached and looked him over thoroughly. An even smaller one, yellow and spiderlike, scuttled right up and gawked at the armor.
"Iron Man and I saw them, too ... He almost seemed scared of them."
“God, this feels so good,” Steve breathed, propped up on one shaking arm while his free hand tentatively explored around the arc reactor.
Even flying at top speed across the ruined city, Tony barely caught Pepper’s taxiing plane.
“Spit it out.”
"I don't think we should see each other anymore."
number."
Tony returned to the Tower bearing a box of donuts. Much to his discomfort, Steve was awake at the bar, and he’d already made a pot of coffee.
“Do you really need the gory details?”
Tony was very much looking forward to coming down Captain America’s throat, but he was denied that opportunity. Steve stood, knowing precisely how close he’d pushed it, and rolled Tony over.
But then ...
"Thank you for coming, Steve. Have a seat."
Tony glared at the other man, not liking how David wasn't meeting his gaze. He resisted the urge to huff and instead started by slicing some of the morel mushrooms piled beside his lobster (at least Xanatos had remembered his favorite side dish).
Reflexively dropping his hands, Tony leaned over to glimpse what exactly had been attacking him (and was now following Xanatos' orders).
"All the time ... but there are usually more gis, mats and referees involved." Xanatos grinned with more than a hint of pride, giving the boneless pile of mugger a little jerk for good measure. "You should contact the authorities. If you can, request Detective Maza. I have the sinking suspicion this is related to last night's incident."
. After that she was curious, and kinda into it. Which, I guess, makes sense. If she told me she’d messed around with Natasha, I wouldn’t exactly be mad.”
“However, in order to be forgiven, I had to tell her everything I remembered from last night. I don’t usually talk about people like that. Sorry to kiss and tell.”
"Captain? Are you all right?" Xanatos was by his side in an instant, strong, calming hands at his shoulders to steady him.
That much was very true.
Out in the hallway he looked once more at the invitation. It would be a shame to miss out on such an enriching experience just because Tony was cranky. And Steve couldn't help but notice that nowhere on the invitation were the words 'Anthony' or 'Stark.'
"I'm afraid not, lad."
For the first time in his life, Steve felt uneasy promising to help an authority figure. He wanted to take the time to judge for himself whether Xanatos was a good guy before betraying his confidence. SHIELD might have a problem with him divulging intelligence to another chain of command. Mentioning Cyberbiotics' connection to Stark Industries might get Tony in trouble.
something slammed into his shoulders from above and behind, dropping him to the ground so hard he thought a fresh piece of the nearby wall had loosed itself. But rocks didn't punch you repeatedly in the back of the head. Certainly not so damn
find out he'd let an amateur sneak something out of his lab. He was about to take his frustration out on JARVIS, but he was trying to hack the Guild registry and shouldn't be interrupted. Instead, Tony went to the gym and punished the punching bag.
"More like using it as bait. Hey, this would be a great way for you to spend some alone time with Tony. You should totally tell him to go after it. And then you could be
"Well, I've known him for a lot longer than that, and I think you should take whatever he says with a grain of salt. You have no reason to trust me, but ... well trust me. I have to go report to my superiors. Maybe I'll see you around."
It’s not like Tony wants Cap to talk to him, but he kind of does. Instead, he gets “the talk” from Natasha about hiding his identity as Iron Man.
Tony makes for the stairwell.
“Come for him, pretty slut. Come all over his cock.” It’s obscene, Bucky’s words. Crude and low. But it’s effective, and Tony’s body seizes up as he looks back at Steve. Harder than he was before, Tony knows that Steve is on the same precipice that Tony is, and he
"Because Stark doesn't trust him, and neither do I. Don't ask again, Cap."
"No, although the little one was asking about you. I need you to talk to Renard. I have reason to believe Cyberbiotics was behind last night's theft. I don't think the old goat ordered anything, but if anyone could find out who did, it would be him ..."
"Detective," she corrected. "Maza."
"Yes, I'll have the coq au vin with asparagus, and a bottle of Cheval Blanc 1941 for the table," Xanatos ordered with the air of someone who did this all the damn time.
"Excellent. Swing by around noon. I know the perfect little bistro."
A quick scan of the wreckage told Tony they were referring to an unfortunate motorcycle.
"The castle was attacked. We defended it," answered a burly brown one, bearded and armored, his voice thick with a Scottish accent. "Though the attackers wielded magics we've never seen and had tamed a dragon of metal and fire."
"Are you sure?" Xanatos remained wary, even as he lifted Steve's hand. "Do you know what it is that I'm offering you?" He placed a gentle kiss on Steve's fingers, goatee rough against soft skin, eyes never leaving Steve's, his breath warm.
"A little shaken, but they're made of sterner stuff. I'd like to introduce you, but tonight's not the night. I really just wanted to ask if you'd let me take you out to lunch tomorrow."
Tony hung up on another useless lead. No one at the Guild would talk to him. No one at the OSI knew the Monarchs' address. And no one at SHIELD would
He felt a little out of place without a friend to fall back on when each new acquaintance moved on to mingle elsewhere. He missed having Tony by his side, getting tipsy and offering one-liners as insightful as they were amusing or leaning in close to make a crack about someone he noticed across the room. And if he couldn't figure out what was bothering his friend, then they might never have another night like that again. He'd miss that more than Tony would ever know.
"Right on time." A distinct 'for once' hung unsaid in the air. "That will be all, Owen."
creature would be more informative than his master.
"Forgive the turn of phrase, I meant no disrespect ... You've got to understand, Tony. I've waited years for you, and Steve has made me realize it's time to move on. He's very charming."
Tony and Natasha, dressed to the nines in pinstripes and slinky black satin respectively, materialized out of the sparse crowd - and quite the handsome couple they made, too.
"What did I do?" Was he really
"What the hell?" Tony demanded from the doorway.
"The view is rather nice, I must admit," Xanatos agreed ... but he wasn't looking out the window.
But Steve seemed to know about the gargoyles, seemed strangely unconcerned about their existence, seemed thoroughly confident in his ability to deal with a man he barely knew.
Tony paused, reconsidering that glass of chardonnay. He forced himself not to look over his shoulder at the smug smile that must certainly be waiting for him.
They were interrupted once more by the waiter, this time with their meal.
"Gargoyles?" Steve whispered.
"I hope they weren't frightened by the commotion."
"Yes, ma'am." Steve couldn't help but smile back.
"Well at least you're agreeing with me for once," Tony grumbled. "What's up?" He took the excuse to rest and rehydrate. He dumped the last half of his water over his head and ran a hand through his hair.
"No, sorry. I have a lead on your thingy ... but I'm having second thoughts about helping you. Maybe we should just ask Natasha to steal it back or something. She could at least approach this with some emotional detachment."
"Oh cut it out ..." the blonde huffed, blushing crimson. "Now you're just picking on me." Steve pouted, taking a bit and licking some of the thick, white cream innocently from his lips.
"Does that mean I can't miss you? That I can't long for you and the wild, crazy days of our youth?"
"Wouldn't you want one if you could afford it, Ms. Rushman?"
It rose from its wary, lunging stance to tower over the two men.
"Then I shall keep them a secret. 'Tis true humanity is not always kind to those who don't look as they do, but it will be a good thing for this city to have gargoyles among its protectors."
“How did it happen?”
“Tell me about it.”
Steve frowned softly at the speculation - accusation? - and looked seriously at Xanatos.
"Read it to me, then."
"GOLIATH, STOP!" someone shouted, and before he could fire off a single blast, Tony found himself with none other than David Xanatos in his crosshairs. "He's a friend."
"Yeah, I'll say." Tony rubbed the back of his head absentmindedly. "So what's your plan if you think you can handle this so well?"
"I'll be right there."
“Then what?”
"Was anyone hurt?"
Steve frowned a bit, recalling the night before. Perhaps this was a business lunch after all.
“Keep going.”
"I saw the invitation and asked Tony to take me as his plus one, but he flat out refused. If I'd known this place was what had gotten him so down I never even would have asked." Steve shrugged, still a little embarrassed, like he hadn't been man enough to just tell Tony he was going to the castle. He didn't mind talking to Natasha about it, though. Even if she was judging him harshly in her head it would never register on her face. She was a good enough spy to never embarrass anyone she didn't have to.
They wandered out into the window room, keeping ahead of the crowd.
“But-”
---------------------------
"I hope I've answered all your questions satisfactorily, Detective Maza. Owen will show you out. Excuse me. Steve, would you stay for a moment?"
"Don't joke a-"
The time had come, all too soon, to lie ... and Steve found that he simply couldn't.
At about noon, though, the tranquility was shattered ...
The man was middle aged and unkempt, his weight and build hidden beneath a too-big trench coat, a large caliber pistol drawn and aimed with a steady grip ... a professional grip.
"True enough, but since I did, Fury wants me to stop by again tomorrow and take another look. I've been dragged into it pretty officially actually. So what is it? Money? Politics? A dame? What do you know about him that I don't? Has he killed people? Is he some kind of mafia don? Does he have dirt on you?"
"I think your boss stole something from the mansion," Steve sighed, feeling guilty for having an ulterior motive, wishing he was just calling to chat. "If there's any way you could find out for me without getting in trouble ..."
"It's beautiful. I've seen it in textbooks, but I never thought I'd actually get to look at it up close." Steve turned to find a rakishly handsome man in a charcoal suit and well-groomed goatee of the deepest brown. He knew instinctively that this was David Xanatos. Something in the set of his broad shoulders and the twinkle of his dark eyes said this was
"I'm sure you can," Tony grumbled.
Tony's cutlery screeched across his plate. He frowned pointedly across the table.
Steve sat a little stiffly in his high-backed chair, Tony's warnings from earlier still fresh on his mind. He raised his eyes to meet David's and smiled shyly.
"Oh, Tony. Don't be so narrow minded. You've fought gods-"
"Are they dangerous?" Tony sidestepped the question without even meaning to, narrowing his eyes as his thoughts turned toward Goliath and his friends.
Steve dropped his eyes once more, bringing his hand quickly back to his own side of the table. He shook his head at the offer, a light smile covering his face as he took a bite of his own meal.
," Steve said delicately, blushing again, just as his first bright flush was beginning to die down. "He made quite a commotion about me coming here today, but ..." he shrugged and smiled weakly, "here I am ..."
"He and Xanatos ... had a falling out ... years before you woke up," she answered diplomatically.
“I, uh … I might have … left him asleep to come talk to you about it.”
All he knew was that Xanatos usually got what he wanted.
All he could do was nod in deference to his queen.
“You just
"Come on, Cap. I bet he likes you, too."
Steve gave the other man an odd look, arching a brow at him. What did he mean by having 'met them'? Why phrase it like that?
Steve shrugged and offered a soft smile.
Realizing belatedly that he should have asked permission, Steve reached out and touched the nearest creature's wing. The stone was so thin, yet so structurally sound. Who had carved these gargoyles? Whose terrifying vision and limitless talent was he witnessing? The artist and his technique were lost to history, but not the art.
“Well, yeah. It was in the first paragraph of your dossier. Someone named Natalie Rushman even scribbled in the margins that you made a cute couple.” He took a long sip. “After yesterday, though … I just kinda forgot.”
"Sorry, Cap, I'd love to return the favor, but I don't really have anything," she interrupted, reading him like a book. "I'm going to talk to a source right now, though. I should have something for you tomorrow. Meet me here at noon."
"Yes, sir," he gulped, suddenly feeling a little sick. He liked Xanatos well enough so far ... but he still wanted a say in ... things.
"Captain," he corrected. "Rogers." That stopped her in her tracks, but only briefly.
Trying to channel Coulson's unobtrusively-in-charge demeanor, Steve strode past the wreckage of an unfortunate taxi, looking very much like he belonged there. If he tried hard enough he could even convince himself he
"Of course. I know all my guests. It's strange, though. You'd think I'd remember inviting Captain America to my little shindig. You must be here on Tony's behalf."
Tony sat back from his plate, apparently no longer hungry.
“I really want to forgive you, Tony.”
“Then he wasn’t so shy anymore. He was still gentle, but much more
Feeling, strangely, all kinds of right, Tony hopped back on that dick. He was still stretched from their earlier activities, and  Steve, huge though he was, slid in with little resistance.
"..."
Thrown abruptly off guard, Tony sputtered.
"Hello? I'd like to report an attack." He sighed, tilting his head as he looked bemusedly at Xanatos.
“I have bad news, Pep, and I’d very much hoped that this day would never come. Although most people would have bet heavily on it happening eventually; in fact I might even have lost a few -”
"I hope Tony hasn't given me a bad reputation," said Xanatos amiably after a moment, still so good humored about Tony's endless dramatics. "He hasn't spoken to me in years, and I can't really say that I blame him."
Mmmm, lunch.
"Well, I'll see what I can do ... More than likely, two of my coworkers are already sniffing around ... They used to be SHIELD agents, and they get more bored and mischievous than they want to admit ..."
"Charmed, Ms. Rushman. As usual I find myself envious of Tony's excellent taste in assistants."
"Alas I am not an expert, but I suppose it would depend on the nature of the stolen item." Thor shrugged and pressed right back. "Have you seen gargoyles in our city?"
He chatted with several of the guests, sometimes critically and with great depth, about individual pieces, exercising a part of his brain he hadn't relied on since before the war. He met an elderly veteran who'd fought in the Pacific, a comically rotund history professor and a beautiful young fine arts major who, unfortunately, was engaged. If anyone recognized him they didn't mention it, which was just fine with Steve. This was easily the best party he'd ever attended ... except for one thing.
------------------
"Well ..." Steve paused, considering his options, and leaned forward. "Maybe I could have some SHIELD operatives look into it for you. They're pretty good at digging things up."
"I think it's safe to say I handled the party better than you did."
"I ah ... No... I had someone, back in my day ... But not now ..." He mumbled ambiguously, not wanting to delve into a potentially painful explanation. And he'd really been too busy to even consider being with someone in this era, felt too out of place to seek out a deeper connection with anyone but his teammates ... Courtship and "dating" were so different now that he really felt out of his element - not that he'd
His few moments of peace couldn't last forever though, and soon enough he heard footsteps beside him over the constant whisper of the rain.
Steve had a few options here. He could give in and let himself be dumped (and kick Tony's ass for interfering in his mission). He could come clean about his orders (and kick Tony's ass for interfering in his mission). Or he could take a stand and fight for this truly strange relationship (and kick Tony's ass for being so possessive of a man he wouldn't even commit to).
"That's too bad. You might have left here a free man if you did."
"And the contents of the missing disks would make both companies millions."
"End of discussion," Tony almost sighed. "Music, JARVIS, full volume."
They reached a small room where Xanatos' personal assistant, a slender, bespectacled man - who looked like he hadn't aged a day in the years since Tony'd last seen him - awaited with a brace of scotch-filled tumblers.
"Just talk to Renard." Xanatos' voice took on a sharp, dismissive edge. "If not for my sake then for Stark Industries' ... you'd do well to distance yourself from such an unscrupulous partner."
if they were on a date? What did two men
“For not what?”
"I'm so sorry."
"I care about Tony very much, whether he likes it or not ... but he's not the one I wanted to have lunch with today." And just in case his point hadn't been made clearly enough already, Xanatos ran his foot casually up Steve's calf, leaving goosebumps in its wake.
"Inside," he answered. "SHIELD business."
Steve reached up to once again rub at the back of his neck as he thought his words over carefully.
"I do it for the love, not the money. But what's up?"
“I cheated on you.” He couldn’t look her in the eye. “I’m so sorry.”
"21?"
"Stay here!" Tony barked, but the words lacked Iron Man's impassive authority.
"Sufficiently advanced science."
"Only six, counting the dog. You're more than welcome to meet them."
"Stay away from him, Steve. I should have followed orders from the start, I see that now. You should never have had to hear the name Xanatos let alone try to get all buddy buddy with him. Just let me handle this."
Xanatos might have been lying about everything because he knew Steve would go to the police ...
When a chatting couple approached, Natasha took Steve's arm and let him guide her to a shining suit of armor.
They saw the explosion long before they heard it, both their heads snapping up when the red hot flash of it illuminated Castle Wyvern for a split second. The sound of it was concussive when it reached them, even blocks away. Before the next three booms could follow the next three flashes, Steve and Tony were sprinting side by side to the armory.
“Not that I even remembered much …” Tony realized he was leaning closer.
“I’m sorry.” Tony shrank into his seat, away from her terrifying silence.
Tony waited until he had a caffeine source in hand before breaking the silence.
It didn't sound like sarcasm.
? For SHIELD or for yourself?"
Steve gave the brunette an exasperated look at first, but chuckled and covered his mouthpiece.
"I can't say no when asked so nicely ..." he mused, feeling oddly like he was back in his own era for a moment, escorting a date home and wondering if there would be a kiss at the door. He shook that distracting thought from his head and began moving easily, escorting David back to his own tower.
"Shall we pursue, sir?"
"You spent some time with Captain America, right?"
“I’ve apparently been forgiven. Most couples have a free pass with a celebrity or prom queen or whatever, it’s just usually negotiated prior to cashing it in.”
Rogers? Since when does SHIELD send supers to do the questioning?"
“We’d probably still be in bed if you hadn’t.”
"'You and a guest are cordially invited to an opening reception in celebration of the new addition to the Eyrie Building, Saturday, from  3 to 7 p.m.' Tony, that's the castle!" Surely that had to be good news. Before the brooding had set in they had gone to art openings and museums of all kinds together, maybe this would be just the thing Tony needed.
"I'm so sorry, Captain," Xanatos pulled back, a hand to his heart and sincere regret in his eyes. "I thought you knew ... I thought you liked me too. I truly didn't mean to offend you."
"I will."
"Yeah, no, she took it. She wants Iron Man to arch her
"That you, Goliath?" he asked on a sigh. Maybe this
"That's none of your business."
"Captain, do you ..." Xanatos paused and started again. "I'd like to do this again sometime ... and I'd like to know how you're feeling ... about us." He steered them around a corner into a shadowed alleyway, the Eyrie building lurching into view between the rooftops.
"So how come you've still got the pony tail? Stuck in the 90's are we?"
"How can I help, Detective Maza?" Thinking the gargoyles must look vastly different at night to elicit such reactions from hardened crimefighters, he changed the subject.
Xanatos looked like he was about to say more, but the distinct rhythm of another set of footsteps echoed down the alley, interrupting him. He held Steve's arm a little tighter as the footsteps quickened to catch up with them. He froze when a gravelly voice demanded they reach for the sky.
"Fine," Steve relented. "21 sent me her address, she's just outside Beverly Hills."
"Not half as much as I'd regret it, Captain. Thank you for taking a chance on me." He released Steve's hand with another gentle kiss, turning back to his lunch, trying to steer this date back on track. "Did you want to try the asparagus, too?"
"But, sir, I'm not ... I've never ..."
"I have to ask again, sir.
"Bye, 21. I'm sure I'll see you around."
Tony threw back his drink and scowled as it burned down his throat.
Back in the main hall, Steve tossed back his third flute of champagne, treating the stuff like tap water.
---------------------------
They sighed and turned back toward shelter.
“Commence groveling in three … two …” said Jarvis in that droll drone of his.
"That fucking prick." At least the angry snarl was proof Tony hadn't truly gone emotionally deaf, dumb and blind.
He left his shield in the trunk, choosing relative anonymity over the security of having it with him. From the look of things, Iron Man had done his job above the clouds and the fighting was long over anyway.
"Which is exactly why this isn't on the guided tour. Falling from these walls was bad enough when they were on the ground. Do you need to lie down?"
"I hope so ... I might live a crazy life, but I like my down time to be just that," he teased back lightly. Already they could hear sirens approaching. "How about something simple next time? A trip to the pictures on me?"
enough if I asked for your help with something?" He lifted his eyes, knowing Tony's would be there waiting. "It's about last night."
"You can't go alone," Steve insisted, grabbing him by the hoodie and dragging him back over the threshold.
As they ate, Xanatos asked about all Steve's friends, all his hopes and dreams, and as they shared a cup of chocolate mousse he told some of his own stories of growing up poor in rural Maine, his plans for the future.
“Sometimes the future’s not so bad, huh?”
"Hey!" a woman shouted as he tried to enter the lobby. "Where do you think you're going?"
"So she's holding the thingy hostage?"
"And, please, call me David." Xanatos took a bite of breast meat and groaned with delight. "Oh, captain, you simply must try this."
"I haven't been with a man since, you know."
“You don’t have to be, Cap.” Tony gave a rueful laugh, cruelly directed inward. “Hell, I was probably just lashing out at Pepper for not …”
Steve wasn't sure that was the whole story, and he could tell Elisa wasn't either, but his suspicions ran more along the lines of 'AIM attack,' rather than her general disbelief.
was the one being sedu-”
"That sounds perfect, Captain, but I'll get the popcorn." Xanatos winked as the first officer approached, his weapon drawn.
Their waiter glided up, pen at the ready.
"I can think of plenty of ways the gargoyles can be of use to me." Xanatos' eyes narrowed, betraying his otherwise serene demeanor.
Back on the sidewalk, he cast about for Elisa, but she must have gone looking for her warrant after all. Too bad; he really could have used an objective opinion right about then.
She led him into the bowels of the coccoon, all the way to the back of her lab. He'd never seen her nervous before. If
With a gasp, Steve threw himself away from the wall, landing hard on his hip, heart racing, arms and legs visibly trembling. He'd never been afraid of heights before ... but then again he'd never been this high without either a parachute or a pane of glass between him and oblivion before.
Xanatos appeared placated by Steve's explanation.
"I actually can't get drunk," he explained with a needlessly sheepish grin, knowing he must have looked just like Tony, ready for a refill before the bartender had even put the bottle down.
"Yeah, how'd you know?"
"I'll be there at six."
Xanatos simply raised an eyebrow.
"THAT BUTTERFLY BITCH!!!"
"Of course not. I live in that tower over there," Tony gestured into the darkness toward the glowing A in the distance, "and you're welcome to stop by anytime, especially if you find anything out about the attackers. How long have you known Xanatos, by the way?"
"No."
They kissed while they fucked, Tony finally able to stand the taste of simple carbs and saturated fats, distracted from his nervous stomach by overwhelming need.
Color rose in her cheeks, anger lighting her eyes. “With
"And say hi to Maza for me."
)? What was he going to do with those gargoyles (
Steve and Elisa shared a glance, and he promised to contact her the next day before he followed Xanatos beyond the next wall to an even darker, deeper part of the courtyard.
"No, it just means you can't tell me about it."
"They sound like my kind of people."
"I really had a good time, David ... Thanks again for inviting me."
Steve pulled back sharply and covered his mouth as a fresh blush tinted his cheeks. But when that foot began brushing against him ... The silverware and glasses clinked loudly as Steve jumped enough to rattle the table. He nearly choked on his food, drawing his legs back quickly towards his own chair.
------------------------------
"Oh, and Director Fury says hello."
"It's a little too Game of Thrones for my taste."
"Tell her everything. Maza was almost a SHIELD agent, you know. She made it through the final round of vetting and interviews, but she decided she could serve New York better on the force. I have great respect for her and have no problem with you sharing intel with her. If Xanatos is lying, she'll figure it out, and Stark has the best lawyers money can buy. See if you can get anything out of her, too. We need all the help we can get."
right now. Groveling to me could have waited at least until dinner.”
"You want to know why I wanted the castle?"
"So what do I do?" he asked Fury, hours later, over the phone.
It took a few hours, but it went quickly with little conversation and a lot of prog rock. Steve felt bad for causing the mess, so he didn't even complain when Tony nitpicked his handling of certain items.
"Before you go, have you-"
"No, maybe just a drink."
The table had fallen silent, the other Avengers becoming visibly uncomfortable with their fearless leaders' little squabble. Clint actually excused himself. Thor cleared his throat. "But don't come crying to me when he pulls the rug out from under you. I mean do you even have a clue what he's got upstairs in that castle?"
"It's lively enough. I like to keep things interesting."
Grinning at the invitation to eat Steve's meat, Xanatos speared a little chicken on his own fork, sauced it liberally, and popped it right in Steve's mouth. He winked as the soldier's eyes went wide.
Steve paused beside the table, having been deep in his own thoughts, ladling out a large pile of scrambled eggs onto Thor's plate as the thunder god happily munched on a Pop-Tart.
"How'd you convince Tony to come?"
Steve had just been about to compliment the food himself when David made that a terribly lewd noise. He swallowed hard and sliced up a piece of his own.
castle.
"Seems to me you're barking up the wrong tree," Tony snorted. "I've never met anyone more straightlaced and God loving than cap. There's no way he bats for the home team."
This lunch was a prime example: Were they on a date? Was he even allowed to just come out and
“I figured.” Steve gazed sadly into his mug.
Cap?”
"Huh?" Steve looked up from the pile of nuts and bolts he was sorting back into their bins.  The only explanation he got was an 'aargh' of rage and a long string of even harsher misogyny.
“If anyone can, sir, it’s you.”
It was Xanatos.
Steve's cheeks reddened, and he quickly glanced back down with a shake of his head.
"Ah ... No ... Tony and Pepper were dating for a while, but they broke up a couple months ago. He hasn't really actively dated anyone since then, and ... all of the dates he's taken to parties have been ladies ..." he murmured, raising a hand to rub the back of his neck sheepishly. "Sorry ... I know I'm behind. I've not been with anyone myself because everything's so different now."
"Just what exactly are your intentions with him anyway?"
He beat the smaller man to the armory by a mile, but Tony could fully suit up before Steve could even get his civvies off. By the time he had even pulled his shield from its shelf, Iron Man was long gone, leaving him to find his own transportation.
Pepper might have gotten whiplash, snapping from fury to befuddlement so quickly. “You mean …
"That was all part of my master plan."
“Was it good?”
Steve always felt a little guilty drinking alcohol - especially the good stuff - when he knew perfectly well it didn't affect him, but he figured it'd be rude to turn it down. He'd just try not to waste too much of it.
"Just tell me what the fuck you want a castle for."
"Just one more thing then. Is this ... a honeytrap?"
"I just wanted to see a castle," Steve answered without turning, a shrug rolling slowly off his shoulders. "What have you got against Xanatos anyway?" May as well be direct about it.
"Yes, but you can't tell
"Uh ... sure."
"And it was
They laughed and turned from the bar back to the exhibits when they were interrupted by the last two people on earth Steve would have ever expected to see that afternoon.
the credit.”
. And I'm like her Number One on this project, so I really want it to succeed."
"Please understand what I'm about to ask you, Steve. Please don't take offense ... Tony said he came to the party to spy on me for SHIELD ... Why were
They shook on it. He liked her grip almost as much as he liked her levelheaded attitude, the calm efficiency of her voice, the confidence in her eyes. She really would have done well at SHIELD.
.” (That alone should have gotten his ass kicked to the curb.)
"Aliens."
"Would you know what I was talking about if I explained it for three hours?"
"You obviously haven't been paying attention. But that's fine with me. The less competition the better ... And if I can't have you, then I'd be happy to accept Steve as a consolation prize."
"No."
Steve glanced around as others looked their way in confusion.
"I know." His voice a monotone, Tony kept tinkering away, perhaps thinking that if he didn't look at Steve long enough he'd just go away.
"Shhhh," she warned with a guilty smile. "I'm breaking so many rules."
"And what do you think of Xanatos?"
? What could he possibly gain from dating Steve (
"I'm not. Not anymore." At last Xanatos pulled back from the fire and met Steve's eyes. He looked like he hadn't slept in days.
He was reaching the point of exhaustion when Steve arrived.
“Cap.”
“It’s all right. These are unusual circumstances.” Steve sighed. “It’s kind of a shame, though; now I have to share last night with your girlfriend.”
"What the hell happened here?" he demanded as he set down behind them - the slender red one, the tiny yellow one and the chubby blue one. "Why do things always blow up around you?"
"I'll have the, ah ..." he flustered a little trying to figure out how to pronounce the French item, "steak au poyvree ..." he tried lamely to say 'poivre,' to which the waiter smiled sympathetically and nodded.
"I've got plenty of cash."
“I don’t even know. We’d just saved the city, we were exhausted and full of shawarma, and I’d had a drink …”
Number One."
A quandary for Steve.
"Forgive me for prying, but ... are you and Tony ...?"
tell me I never should have left you in the first place.”
If he'd had any energy left, he'd have been livid. But all Tony could manage was dejected. Steve - the only person he could truly rely on - wouldn't help him. He didn't try to hide the hurt in his eyes.
Steve made a face at that and shook his head, messing about with a pot of boiling water and some more eggs. He almost always fed the others before worrying about his own food.
Steve lingered at a particularly enormous tapestry of red and gold lions and pitch black eagles bearing the arms of the Holy Roman Empire aloft, losing himself in its finely textured detail.
?! You didn't have to go to that party."
He tried to ignore the odd feeling in his stomach when Xanatos mentioned his friendship with Tony. Maybe he was right, maybe Tony didn't deserve it ... but if Steve was one thing, it was loyal ...
The chase is on.
"We just met him tonight," answered Goliath flatly.
"Have a good time, Cap. I'll see you at 7."
"-firsthand. Is it so unbelievable that the castle came with more than a cobweb or two."
They clinked their mugs, taking a moment to savor that image.
"Let it go, Steve."
"Have you made your selections, gentlemen?"
Some questioning and an uncomfortable dinner.
"It looks like Chef Keller has outdone himself. You know, Tony took me here when it first opened, and I've been a regular ever since."
"Then I shall strive to keep your interest. Something tells me you'll be worth the effort."
"Fine. I won't try to force you to do anything you're not comfortable with. Besides, your young captain has already agreed to help me, so I might not even need you."
"Mail call," announced the soldier as cheerfully as he could, seating himself beside Tony and waggling a small cream-colored envelope at him.
"I'm so glad you could join me today, Captain." Xanatos smiled, glancing up from his menu, "I must confess I'm rather fascinated by you."
"I ... It's okay, just ..." he pleaded, looking up at him with the cutest puppy dog eyes. "I'm just ... not used to people being ... openly able to show affection for the same sex ..."
"It is my job to be keeping tabs on him, Tony..." he said simply, turning on his heel to head back to the stove.
"Did they wear any symbols?"
If anything, Xanatos looked even sadder at that.
With a growl of frustration years in the making, Tony whirled and stomped out. Those dark eyes and pompous grin would surely haunt his dreams that night ... if he'd be able to sleep at all.
"Or should I be telling you more about what happened last night?" Xanatos' smile faded for the first time since the party. He drew himself up, knit his brows together as if preparing to get (or give) bad news. "It was bad form to feed the press a line, but I don't want my enemies to know the scope of the damage. I need to keep them guessing."
little eccentricities ... or even his big ones. Why pick on Xanatos?
---------
Pepper bit her lip.
Shaking his head in disbelief, Steve fished his phone from his pocket and fumbled with it a bit before dialing the proper number. He still wasn't quite used to using it.
"I think I found out where my invitation went off to. Enjoying the party, Steve?" Tony gave a stiff, clipped wave as he approached.
“It would be nice to have something all to ourselves.” Steve leaned closer, too.
Steve stiffened when he heard the tell-tale sound of a mugger. His face changed rather suddenly as he frowned, his hand briefly tightening on Xanatos' arm. "Just stay calm..." He muttered quietly before slowly raising his hands, keeping the one that had been holding David's clasped in his own as he looked over his shoulder at the attacker.
"So you know who I am?"
"Well ..." Steve blushed even harder, caught in his little white lie.
He really
Xanatos' laugh was rich and warm.
to explain, but Maza was NYPD ... one of the good guys. "I was supposed to keep an eye on Xanatos, and I clearly wasn't watching closely enough. I feel partially responsible for this."
Maybe it was best to let Xanatos manipulate Steve however he wanted, if letting him commit some arrestable offenses was the goal here. But that was such a dangerous tightrope to walk.
“And Pepper
"You had your chance and you blew it," he spat.
Steve liked that smile. It did more for his jitters than the alcohol did.
Tony flipped him off.
This time Tony took it.
Nodding, instantly curious - what could possibly be more interesting than the priceless pieces he'd just been drooling over? - Steve followed his host up a circular flight of narrow stone stairs. He was just starting to wonder how much higher they could possibly go when they broke out onto a wide, sunlit battlement. Upon the parapets stood five gargoyles, each as tall as a man, frozen in tortured poses, silently guarding the castle against the city.
After a hasty, handsy shower, they returned to the bed in a heap.
"Hey," he answered as normally as possible, all too conscious of the catch in his voice.
"Only if you invade their home."
"Old habits die hard." Xanatos eyed Tony's not-so-springtime-fresh tee, but left it at that. "Have some dinner. I had it flown in from Salisbury." Xanatos was already cracking into a claw. "It seems the superhero business has been treating you well ... You look good."
"I'm not."
Tony laughed and slid the box down the bar. “Hell, after yesterday, I kinda forgot my
"Fury wanted us to come check the place out. He's been riding Tony to do a little snooping ever since construction started."
"Thank you for coming." They stepped out into clear sunlight and cool, springtime air. "Would you ... care to walk me home? It's just too nice out to drive, and I'd love the company. It's not far."
"I'm sure it will ..."
“Pretty sure
), Tony let the understanding silence speak for itself. They sat back at the bar, side-by-side, and poured another round of coffee.
“Are you sure you want to hear the rest? Are you gonna dump me if I say the wrong thing?”
Deeply confused - Was this a date? Should he dress up? Was he expected to try to seduce information out of his new acquaintance? Why did that sound so exciting? Was Xanatos even interested in such a thing? What would Tony say? - Steve left the way he'd come, bidding Mr. Burnett a polite farewell at the elevator.
“It was shy.” Despite his best efforts, Tony was getting turned on, too. “I kissed him back.”
"As it's Tony, I can only assume you two have ...
"No, you should feel pretty stupid about this."
great head, absolutely thirsty for it, occasionally diving sinfully all the way down, Tony began to suspect he wasn’t such a virgin after all.
Going on patrol hadn't done a thing to clear Tony's head. The night was quiet, leaving him to agonize over his delicate predicament. What did Xanatos
"Did you come to tell me that I'm being too hard on myself and that I should eat something before I pass out?"
"Pleased to meet you, Goliath. You protect it well." Tony offered a gauntlet, but the creature just nodded at him before moving away silently.
problem with being told who and how he should date.
When they were finished Xanatos slipped his arm into Steve's and led him out to the sidewalk.
Steve's expression softened, thinking back to a certain brunette he had once known who never understood his own feelings.
"Sorry, Agent ..." Maza wasn't letting up, following less than a step behind, still damp from the rain and the busted hydrant.
"On the contrary, you lead an exciting life, you know interesting people, you've seen so much history ... and you must have to beat the ladies off with a stick." Xanatos reclined comfortably, his eyes asking intimate questions as they looked Steve up and down. "Do you have a girlfriend?"
Steve paused and looked at the other man seriously for a long moment, biting his lower lip lightly before slowly moving his hand across the table and resting it over David's.
"Not even with me?"
"Well I talked to him, too, and I'm making plenty of progress. So just leave it to me. There's definitely something going on over there, but you don't need to worry about it."
"And I'll wait to see how well
Stopping it deftly, Steve peeked inside and had to gasp. He pulled out an enormous donut, dense and perfectly fried, crowned in maple icing and about half a pound of bacon.
"Don't do this to me, David."
"So that's it? You just came here to make me feel worse?"
"At least you don't have to worry about unscrupulous dates taking advantage of you."
He rose and joined Xanatos at the hearth, awkwardly placing a hand on his shoulder, trying to be comforting and reassuring.
Tony wore sunglasses, but Steve could still tell he wore a we'll-talk-about-this-later glare as well.
"So why are you here if no one sent you?" she inquired, glancing up at him through soft red curls with an unreadable expression.
“It’s turning me on.”
"Here you are, indeed. And you must have a good reason to face Tony's wrath. Should I be flattered?"
"Art? Old weapons? Perfect gargoyles?" He asked lowly, starting to cut his own ham.
Tony saw immediately that he was too late to be of any use at the Eyrie building; the explosions had ceased and JARVIS had locked on to a fleeing helicopter.
"Well, that makes you just as much of an Avengers expert as me ... and I can't do this alone."
Tony had made it all the way to the door before Xanatos let his parting shot fly.
men like him I've met," He said, almost slyly, thinking specifically of Tony and Howard. Honestly, Xanatos seemed like a long lost Stark of some sort. He checked his watch and began eating primly, minding his manners as per usual. "I need to go do some things before I meet him later today," he commented, attempting to change the subject.
"Come on, guys. We'd better cheese it before anyone finds you."
"What's going on?" He asked when he was sure they wouldn't be overheard.
"So the statues on cathedrals ...?"
Tony takes another trip to the castle.
He sat her down as it took off, his armor cast aside in a heap, something extremely serious on his mind.
“Hold still and stop struggling.” She snapped at him hurrying back to the lift, she’d seen a button that said Sub Basement and knew that was her way out, once in the street she would be picked up by Killian’s men and would be taken back to Miami, Stark’s Son in tow.
Steve shrugged, “I’m not that bothered really, I like a drink now and then but I’m happy enough without it.”
“All plugged and battened sir.” Jarvis replied.
Zach and Peter were very popular at the party, all of the children crowded around them to learn what it was like living with Superheroes and was so jealous that Zach had his own Tardis. After checking with everyone’s parents and having Happy accompany them, Zach was allowed to take the younger children to his bedroom to show them his Tardis and Daleks.
“I’ll show you.” Tony said, putting his hands on Steve’s shoulders. Awkwardly Steve put his hands on Tony’s waist but allowed the Omega to lead, keeping his eyes fixed on the floor so he could see where he was putting his feet so he wouldn’t trample the Omega as they moved to the music.
“You are my greatest creation”
“Steve,” Vision corrected, “The similarities between are worlds should not be ignored. If Thanos attacked in his world, then there is every reason to think that he will do so here.”
“I did honour him.” Tony snapped at Thor, “He was trying to kill me and Pepper when I killed him, and that was his third try at killing me.” Grabbing hold of the neck of his t-shirt, Tony pulled it down to reveal the arc reactor, “He’s the reason I have this. He was in league with those terrorists, he paid them to kill me, but instead they took me prisoner.” He glared at Thor, baring his teeth as he spat at him, “I spent three months in a cave, being beaten, water-boarded, raped, and starved. I underwent open heart surgery while I was fucking conscious, a man, a good man, dug out as much shrapnel as he could and fitting a car battery into my chest wired to an electromagnet to try and buy me time.” He leaned forward, hissing at Thor now, the demi-God having grown quiet and pale with contrition.
“That’s deep.” Tony mused, and he sighed, “We kind of lost the mood, didn’t we?”
“Cap I’m getting Clint to the jet.” Sam called over the Coms, taking Clint from Natasha and lifting him into the air, flying him back to the jet to get him medical attention.
“He does like him, like Cap’in Jack likes people and gets all smilely and fluffy!”
“I think shopping is going to be a bust today.”
*****
I’m afraid I can’t tell you everything, it would risk doing too much damage to the timeline and I’m risking enough by giving you this. But what I will say is this, don’t shut Tony out, don’t distance yourself or think that lying to him is going to spare him anything. I know that won’t mean anything to you right now, but in time it will make sense.
All the way back to the tower Peter whimpered and ground, the motion of the car adding to his nausea and the noise of the engine and other traffic making his head hurt all the more.
“Asset, we have a mission for you.” His handler said.
Tony nodded, biting his lips and self-hugging, not quite ready to relaxed just yet, but Steve was by his side, his arm wrapping about Tony’s shoulders, supporting him.
Zach flinched as a door slammed open and he turned and looked to see Killian storming into the lab, his skin aglow and his eyes aflame. Zach gulped and tried to scoot as far away as he could get from the man, but the bands holding him to the gurney wouldn’t allow him to move more than an inch, he was pinned in place and could do nothing but cringe as Killian loomed over him.
*****
“Definitely.” Tony replied, “I thought you were in Pakistan?”
With so much happening the weeks flew by, and before they knew it, the Gala arrived, as did the baby sitter. Clint Barton.
Steve scoffed, “Gonna tuck me in too?”
“Petty thief, he’s not likely to be it.” Tony said dismissively. At Steve’s look he shrugged, “We won’t take it further because of the bad publicity, and taking it further will cost us money, court costs etcetera.”
“Tony, can you please concentrate?” Pepper sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose and letting out a sigh through her lips.
“Makes an improvement.” Tony muttered under his breath.
Rogers had been trying to get in touch with Tony for weeks. Ever since that first press conference where that other “Him” had gone and declared himself homosexual, Rogers had been coming under a hell of a lot of fire from the Press and the LGBTQA.
A bright hopeful smile crossed Tony’s face, “You wanna date me?” he asked and Steve would have been elated had it not been for the flash of red that shone in Tony’s eyes before retreating and the Billionaire winced and rubbed at his temple.
“I am positively shaking in terror Sir.”
Fury made some speech about wanting to use Tony as a consultant for his little pet project, which Tony refused.
Everyone wanted to know how Harley knew the Avengers and why he was being treated as a friend to them.
Also, what I said to you when we fought is true, Bucky is alive. Go to Camp Leheigh, what you find there will lead you to where you need to go.
Now that really was mind boggling.
“I love you too, champ.” Steve said holding Zach close to his chest. The toddler might not be his by blood be Steve was be proud to call him his own Pup.
For a moment every one was speechless, partly because Tony was in a pair of black silk briefs that concealed exceptionally little and partly because he was showing such a protective streak towards Peter.
“You could have saved us, why didn’t you do more?”
It was the first time in three long months that Steve and Tony had shared a bed, they hadn’t even slept in the same room together in that long, having been separated by Tony being in hospital and Steve in the hotel room.
“But…”
“Where do you run?” He couldn’t help but to ask.
“I know Stellina, I want you both too.”
“Ooohh dibs on the big gun!” Clint exclaimed all but clapping his hands as he ran and leaped into the tank and took up control of the laser cannon that was mounted on the back of the jeep. “Now this is what Lasor Quest needs to be kickass!”
“Oh baby, no.” Tony said, grinning brightly, “Brucey-bear’s is my Science boyfriend, we only have professional and scientific schmoozing, it is completely different to the unadulterated, wild, and super crazy feelings I have for you.”
“And we have a the medlab fully stocked with everything that might be needed, antacids, anti nausea tablets, painkillers, stomach pumps, epinephrine, sticking plasters, anti-septic, tourniquets, stored blood, stitches?”
He let out a deep exhale and just stared up at the ceiling above the bed. What was he going to do? He didn’t belong here, this wasn’t his world. His world had burned and he was the only one left.
“We will try and keep you out of the media as much as we can.” Pepper assured the parents, “But we can’t guarantee that your names won’t get out there.”
Peter made an uncertain noise, “I’m gonna have to be really careful about not getting caught.”
*****
“Better late than never.” Pepper snorted sniffing and wiping at a few tears on her cheeks.
However, Rhodey was able to use his authority to get the officers to only ask the minimum of questions before allowed Tony and the others to leave, for one thing Tony especially needed medical attention and both Natasha and Clint had several cuts that could do with being stitched.
“He won’t be conscious for a while.” The consultant said to the detective who came in once the officers had reported that they had found Curien, “He’s in an induced coma to help his healing and will be for the next ten days.”
“Alive, in shock.” Sam replied, he looked to Steve, “You found him just in time.”
“I hope so spidey.” Clint said, as he expertly handled Lily. After three kids he knew what he was doing, and had dealt with a grumpy baby more times than he cared to remember.
Peter blushed as Steve’s eyes met his in the rear view mirror, “Badass huh?” He asked, Peter slumped in the seat and ducked his head, there was no way he was living this down.
Tony and Steve would be staying out with them Friday night and Thor would be with them the Saturday night, as they were getting to the Island so late they wouldn’t bother putting the tents up until Friday and would just spend the night in the villa instead.
The talk swiftly returned to being just shop talk after that as more intel was gathered via hacked security cameras and a couple of operatives like Sharon that Fury had in the field keeping tabs on Hydra, one of which managed to get Steve’s suit and Shield from the hotel room he and Tony had been staying in and dropped them off at Fury’s hideout.
“We’ll figure it out, Big Guy, until then, you’re welcome to crash at mine. There’s plenty of space at the Mansion, and once this place has been cleaned up, you can totally come and stay here.”
“Hydra.”
“I’ll bet Fury does.” Clint growled, “He knows what they’re looking for in Stark’s blood, he just isn’t saying anything.”
“Hey, what’d you do to the mechanic?” A voice demanded, the boy from earlier.
“No, of course not. Go and help Tony.” Pepper replied, “And if possible, slap Romanoff and knee Rogers in the balls for me!”
“I somehow doubt that will be your fate sir.” Jarvis had pointed out, helpful as always, “By my estimates, it is far more likely that you will ingest some toxic substance that U, Dumm-E, or Butterfingers has mixed into your smoothies, and shall die from a fatal poisoning.”
“Maybe whoever shot him tried to kill before too.” One of the junior doctors said as she palpitated the abdomen, “Abdomen is distended, suspected bleed in the upper left quadrant, can we lift him please?”
“Bruce and Jarvis are working on the sceptre, Jarvis thinks that if they can isolate its energy signature he will be able to find readings of it in your brain.”
Thanos roared in pain, flinging Mantis off him and tossing the others aside, Tony included, though he kept tight hold of the severed arm and gauntlet. Steve beat at Thanos with his shield, ramming it into the Titan’s face and chest until Thor appeared via the Bifrost with a new weapon and sliced the Titan’s head clean in two.
“Tony what..,” Steve broke off as Tony brought his hands up to cover his ears, keeping his eyes closed tight, desperately his fingers curled into his hair, tugging at it hard enough to hurt his scalp.
“Look around you, Captain.” Zola said, “I have never been more alive. In 1972 I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body, but my mind however, that was worth saving, in two hundred thousand feet of data banks. You are standing in my brain.”
“Mr Stark,” The detective said, “If you’ll take a moment…”
Under normal circumstances Steve would have smiled at that, might have even laughed, but right now he could do nothing but glare at the images of Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. He didn’t care which one had fired the shot, they would both pay for it and pay dearly for hurting his Omega.
Everyone looked at each other not really knowing how to comment on that. After a beat Bruce cleared his throat and spoke up, “Jarvis, could you explain the Ultron project?”
Tony was taken to Shield medical as soon as the battle was over. His armour was carefully stripped from him and his body secured onto a stretched with a neck brace to protect his spine.
Rogers shook his head, “No Buck, you belong with me, you’re my..”
Steve snickered not about to argue with that, not when he had Tony in his lap, lifting himself up and down, making his cock pulse and leak so much that his pants were soaked, he regretted not removing them before he’d taken Tony into his lap; the regret was momentary though as he reach down to grab hold of his pant, ripping them off with a single tug of super strength, Tony’s following a second later making the Omega snicker.
“It’s a good theory.” Peter said snuggling against Tony’s side, “I like it.”
“What that?” Zach asked pointing at Hulk curiously.
Moving was difficult, he wasn’t accustomed to carrying so much weight in his front and his arms and legs seemed wasted, as if he’d been bed bound for months. But he couldn’t have been, could he? Or maybe he’d been ill, fallen into a coma or something and only just awoken? But if that were the case then where were the Doctors and nurses? If he was in a coma then he’d be in an Intensive care ward, there would be doctors and nurses everywhere to monitor him and other coma patients.
“True.” Tony said, “And I admit, when I first learned that the paralysis was permanent I felt like it was the end of the world, but then Steve and my brats came in and reassured me that was not the case at all.”
‘Not of Hydra there hasn’t. They all deserve to die’
“Congratulations about the honours. I hear Senator Stern is going to be the speaker and awarding you and Colonel Rhodes. Or is it Senator Ass Clown?”
Steve deserved someone young and uncomplicated, someone who hadn’t spent half their lives mated to a bastard who’d stabbed them in the back, someone who didn’t have two kids already and a shit load of emotional baggage. Someone who was healthy, who didn’t carry around an electromagnet in their chest.
Taking the chair’s handles from Bruce Steve pushed Tony over to the bed so he could hold Peter’s hand. Quietly he said down in his chair beside Tony and resting a hand on his fiancé’s knee.
“I am.” Steve said, “Are you alright, where are you?”
“For what its worth, I’m not Hydra either.” Natasha said, “And I think we can vouch for Fury.” She glanced at Clint who nodded, “Phil too. Maria Hill however…”
When he was able to move again Tony moved and spooned around Steve, resting his chin on Steve's shoulder, "Hail the victorious invaders!"
“We’re still alive.” Steve pointed out, “And we have the beginnings of a plan.”
“Zach run!” Tony yelled at his Son firing the repulsors at Killian to slow him down, “Jarvis get the rest of the suit here now!” firing the repulsor had sent Tony skidding across the floor so he caught up with Zach who clung to his thigh.
“Fluffy?” Bruce repeated growing more confused and uncertain by the minute.
At first everything went well as they bombarded each other with frozen projectiles, Clint had incredible aim but Natasha had impossible stealth and speed. At one point Steve had Zach up on his shoulders and the little boy was throwing snowballs at Tony and Peter who made a big show of struggling to dodge them, that was when disaster struck.
But that was exactly what he was doing.
“Mr Osborn?” The principal said gesturing to Norman’s seat. Scoffing the businessman sat back down and crossed his legs.
Tony turned and looked to Bruce, “How about you, big guy, what’s your take on this?”
Steve watched the interaction as he set the bacon frying and prepared the pancake batter, a smile playing on his lips, as Tony chatted to Lily easily, the baby giggling and cooing at him, just as she did with his Tony. It was a bittersweet moment, but Steve determinedly pushed aside his grief and focused on his daughters happiness. At the end of the day, he knew that Tony would have wanted her to be happy, for him to be happy, so he would do his best to build himself a life here and make the best of it.
“Someone always gets upset, but as for the vast majority, I think they’ll be happy.” Tony replied, “And we’ll work on helping you get acclimated, a crash course in social development since the forties, Jarvis? Can you work out some material and a program for Steve to follow?”
It seemed that it was fortunate that Tony had called Clint to come and baby sit Lily for the night. He was driving Laura mad, getting under her feet all the time, and she sent him with a letter for Tony, begging him to find something for Clint to do that would get him out from under her feet all the time or she would certainly be committing murder! There was only so much “Help” she could stand having, when he hovered beside her to peg out washing, nearly burned the kitchen down attempting to cook, had repainted every wall in the house twice, and always seemed to be following her around like a lost puppy!
“This is the base they are using.” She said, “We believe it is under the command of a high up Hydra operative by the name of Strucker.”
The school, (Clearly hoping to avoid being sued) offered their deepest apologies to Tony and Steve, wishing Peter a speedy recovery. They also organized a card to be signed by all the students which was sent in to the hospital along with balloons.
“Get the brat!”
“I am so sorry honey,” Pepper said, pulling Tony into a hug. “Are you okay? No I know you’re not okay, you couldn’t be okay.”
“Hollow points?” Steve repeated,
As he went by, Micky the Microwave beeped at Tony and opened his door, looking expectant.
That was supposed to be a fun experience wasn’t it?
“Aunt?”
Pepper swallowed hard and wet her bloodless lips before replying, “Your mother’s been shot.” She said her voice hoarse and thick, “He was shot through the back at close range.”
“Get your ass on the stage Mr Stark,” Pepper ordered, as firm and brisk as a drill Sergeant, “Or I’ll be putting these gorgeous jimmy choo’s up it!”
“Correct and your base protocols.” Jarvis asked.
“We could make a break for it.” Ned whispered in Peter’s ear, “Go and find a seat in the cafeteria that way we don’t have to deal with them.”
Pepper and Rhodey both had the same reaction to meeting the alternate Steven Rogers.
“Harley, who are you?”
“Sir…I really must…”
Peter struggled to answer, it had all seemed so logical and necessary before, now it seemed stupid and reckless, “I wanted to prove myself.” He said fighting back tears, “So you’d let me on the team, stop treating me like a kid.”
Tony ascended the stairs, taking more bullets and returning fire until he found two bio signatures, one stationary while the other moved around. The stationary signature was burning hotter than the other and the heartrate was through the roof.
“Uh huh, I should think you are sorry.” Tony said, bringing Toby a couple of new slices of bread, “Now, just make these slightly brown, not blackened, not smoking, just browned, okay?”
It took several more minutes and work from above but eventually enough rubble had been shifted for Rhodey and Thor to get Steve and Tony safely out and set them down on the roadside where Hulk joined them with a bellow.
Steve awoke with a throbbing headache and Bruce shaking him. He was laying on the floor of the penthouse, Peter was besides him, still unconscious but moved into the recovery position, presumably by Bruce.
Killian chuckled while Maya grimaced at the memory.
“The girl in question, Mary Jane Watson, has confirmed that Harry Osborn struck her about the face.” The Principal said, “As has Edward Leeds, who was present when the fight broke out.”
Tony looked at him incredulously, “You just saved my life Cap, you’ve never let me down, I’ve let you down, I let the team down. I should have been stronger, I shouldn’t have let Wanda get control of me like that.”
“But Ross hates super soldiers and mutants.” Tony said, “He always has, and Stern despises superhero/vigilantes.”
“Clearly the boy is a danger.” Norman stressed, “Look at my Son, look what this delinquent did to him!” He gestured to Harry’s bruised and swollen face.
*****
“Ex-Merchant of Death, and who better than to make a case for the building of this weapon to protect the world than a man who has devoted his life to trying to maintain peace?”
For the next ninety minutes he lay in bed waiting for his parents to go to bed. He already knew there was no way he could leave the tower via the lift or the stairs, Jarvis would alert Tony if he tried that, so there was only one possible route he could take that he wouldn’t be caught. Out of his bedroom window.
Tony shook his head, his expression grim, “Not if he were president himself.” He said in a tight voice. He looked at Steve with fear in his eyes, “When Hitler first rose to power, which was the first country he invaded and took over with the Nazi party?”
“We’re not getting married, Stellina.” Tony said. “We’re not together, like that. We’re just friends.”
“You too.” Steve said, “And your little Iron Man.” Robbie grinned at him showing a gappy smile where his front teeth were missing, little white nubs just starting to break through the gums as adult teeth came in.
Several of the UN security guards offered testimony as did other eye witnesses to what had occurred in Vienna.
“Oh call me Rhodey already, everyone else does.” Vision nodded once, agreeing to the nickname.
Zach sucked in his bottom lip and worried his fingers nervously in his lap. He didn’t want to show it but he was very scared, very scared. He didn’t know where his Mamma was, his Daddy and Peter were hurt and he was on his own with strange bad people. He wanted to cry but he wouldn’t do it, he would be brave and strong, he would make his Mamma and Daddy proud. He was Iron Man’s Son and no one was going to see him cry.
Without even thinking about it Peter went to the door of the cage and smashed it setting off shrill alarms and caused thick metal security doors to slam down over ever window and door in the lab, including the door he’d broken through to get into this lab…..
“I need to keep a clear head, morphine will put me on my ass.” Tony picked up one of the spoons and put it between his teeth, he nodded to Maria and clenched his jaw around the spoon,
Wincing Tony dared to look at Pepper who was glaring at him, “Steve doesn’t know I’m having treatment.” He said, “We were going to start trying for baby and I thought I’d get checked out first. My test results came back showing that I’m pretty much screwed without aggressive medical assistance. Steve didn’t want me to suffer through all of this, but I know he really wants a baby, so I decided to get treatment.”
Humming Clint looked over the counter until he found the limes and a knife and set about wedging them.
Tony turned a narrow eyed glare on Steve, “I blame you entirely,” he growled.
“This is a soft approach.” Fury said, “If its not you two, then the WSC will assign their own team, likely headed by Rumlow.”
They sat in silence for a while until Tony spoke again, “You miss Ned don’t you, your other friends too?”
“No, you won’t have to do any nappies, I promise.”
Anxiety.
“And we love you too Pete.” Steve said hugging him back, “And we always will.”
“You absolutely may, and let’s both pray I don’t have to deal with it ever again.”
With the armour safely aboard the quinjet, Jarvis pooled all of his intelligence into the mainframe in the tower and initiated Project Ultron.
“Yeah, whoa, what?” Date, who had said anything about a date, Tony hadn’t said anything about a date, had he, had he? Damn, he so needed Jarvis for times like this. His mouth somethings did things without informing the rest of him and then he’d be scrambling to catch up and figure out what the hell he’d said when his brain wasn’t paying attention, and said brain had no reason not to be paying attention, it wasn’t like he was working right now, the only interesting thing in the room was Steve, and yeah, okay, that was very interesting, those shoulders, those pecs, damn, having a body like that should be illegal, it should come with a Government health warning, alerting those with health conditions that prolonged exposure might cause heart attacks and strokes.
“I can’t do that Wanda, you know I can’t do that.” He said, looking at her sadly,
“Not a Munchkin, you’re a Hobbit, and yeah, totally, it’ll be so cool!”
Once he did that, once he made everyone stop singing Stark’s praises and made them see him for what he was, Steve could show them the truth about Bucky, bring him home, where he belonged.
The Avengers might not even survive, Tony might be forced to give up Iron Man, to leave the Avengers completely, to leave Steve, and he would have to do so if the court forced him to so he could keep his children.
Tony mulled that over in his head, “Yes, it is.” He agreed, “Okay, we’ll tell them, but not Shield, not yet, not until we know what is going on, if anything. I still don’t trust Romanoff as far as I can throw her without the suit.”
Again silence filled the room as every one took in the information and began to draw the only conclusion they could. At three months old very few people would have had access to Tony, and only one person would have had the skill to develop a formula similar to super soldier serum.
“Nope, but I can go and make everyone ice cream sundaes.”
“Buh buh, ahhh!” Lily agreed,
“Meet Wanda and Pietro Maximoff.” Jarvis said, “The only two survivors of Baron von Strucker’s experiments with the Sceptre.”
Tony was certain that they were the ones to tip Norman off, he couldn’t yet prove it though, no their involvement with Norman. Right now they had Curien’s word and speculation which was not enough to act on.
“So you are a more mature and level headed man, and a commissioned officer.” Christine said, “Anything else?”
Peter shrugged, “I don’t have much choice. Mamma and Dad will flip if I try and do anything before, they say I can, and I’m still learning what I can do.”
Rhodey lead the charge against Proxima Midnight, with Falcon and Hawkeye, backing him up.
“Sometimes.” Bruce said, not wanting to give Thor false hope, “It depends where the wound is in the spine and how bad it is, but sometimes people recover.”
Stark Tower.
“But you know, mind fuckery isn’t something you just walk away from, trust me, I know.”
“You think he will make trouble?” Steve asked digging his thumbs into the space between Tony’s shoulder blades making Tony groan and arch his back as Steve found the knots there and began to work them out.
Steve snorted sadly easily able to imagine Clint engaging in an egg war with his two children, “Sam is with them.” He offered but this did little to pacify Tony,
“The explosion.” Peter whispered dully, “It must have damaged him.”
Tony Stark was many things.
“Whassup Cathy?” Tony called, cracking the eggs into the frying pan, “Don’t worry, I’ll be getting a couple of cups from you soon.” He turned the sausages again, groaning at the blackening flesh, “God I suck.”
“That this was a good idea.”
“Tranq darts.” Bruce said holding up one of the offending items.
“Javis, let us know if Zach needs us, will you?” Happy asked as he shut the door to.
Steve deserved to have a Son or Daughter of his own and Tony was going to give that to him.
“Of course! I’d be honoured.” Steve said, smiling as Tony let out a relieved sound chuckle.
He wasn’t in the best position to be doing this, it was awkward and he didn’t have a good hold of his leg which dropped heavily down onto the bed making him rock and bump into Steve interrupting the moment.
“They bet that you were having sex.” Natasha said without looking up from where she was sharping an already deadly looking blade. “Sam said that you wouldn’t be doing so, as you were, and I quote, “Sporting Stark’s teeth marks on his throat this morning, when we went for our run. They can’t possibly be doing it again already.” Clint compared you both to nymphomaniacal rabbits in heat who have been fed viagra.”
“Yeah.” He answers, mouth gone dry. Bucky had answered the same thing, and then went on a tirade about seaweed and fish smell, ending with a philosophical question about whales and the deep. Buck had always been keen on fiction.
“High-level Alpha.”
, ah!”
##########
“No.” Tony answers, stifling Brock’s expectations. He’s never brought home an Omegas before. Always Betas, easier to come by. For a good time, whatever that might entail. “Some kind of pheromone. It mimics it from what I can tell.”
They drive back to their little headquarters, which is really just a old apartment turned AirBnB that Clint had nicknamed the ‘Love Shack’(He doesn’t get this reference). There’s not much in the apartment, most of their things are on their person, but there’s beds and warm water which was more than enough for them.
He’s craving for some donuts, and maybe a little hungover. It’s not the worst idea in the world to use the suit for an express drive thru, he feels like he owes himself some leeway and fuck all who want to stop him.
here reckons herself an actress.”
Very polite for a Brooklyn boy. Do you fuck out of heat or not?” Clint grins.
Later, when Steve returns to his room, he scrounges around for whatever other scraps he might find of Tony Stark. The enigma of the man, the distrust and closed eyes that no regular civilian should know.
“Yeah well, you’ve got a deadline, and I assume you’re gonna hide in your workshop for the time being?”
There was no place Steve would rather be.
“They like you.” He mumbles, leaning into Steve, pushing an accusing finger to his chest, emptying half of his drink on the counter.
“Of course you’re still you. Never seen someone juggle seven hot dogs before. It sure was a feat.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself.”
“I had calculated that the chance of his return had been at zero point twenty five percent after the first thirty days. He had amassed one thousand four hundred ninety-two messages during that period.” There’s a certain gravity to JARVIS’s tone, and not for the first time, Steve wonders where he’d learn to speak. Intonation, inflections, even if Steve could not see JARVIS, he could tell that the AI would have looked at him with downcast eyes. “I had-” Again, there was hesitation. “Mr. Stark’s search had been fruitless after the first month, and when it became clear that the authorities were not catching wind of his captors, I took it upon myself to further the search. Every satellite I could upload myself into, I did. I scoured through radio scans and live feed, any sort of link that could point to Sir’s whereabouts. Then it was a matter of convincing Colonel Rhodes to follow the coordinates out in the desert to find him.” At that JARVIS sounds tired, relieving an old memory.
The hot plate, of course, is right on a work desk. Steve places a couple strips of bacon and sets it on a low sizzle. “Yup! Jarvis told me where it was. It’s amazing! Like a little moveable stove.” Steve comments happily, making sure the heat isn’t on too high, preferring his bacon chewy and juicy, before he remixes the pancake batter he’d used earlier just so that the flour wouldn’t clump together again.
With minute thrusts, he’s fucking himself deeper into Steve, the base of his cock stretching out Steve’s hole relentlessly, slow and steady so that Steve would feel his hole giving way to Tony’s dick.
“I- My Heat is in three days. By my estimate.”
(Omega antics, he can almost hear Natasha say.)
"Still colluding with my AI I see." Tony shakes his head, smiling all the same. "But really, you didn't have to go through the trouble."
“I’m sorry too, for what I said.” He adds, hoping that Tony will just let it drop.
“Please Stevos, please.”
“Just Steve Rogers right now.” He breathes, finding it hard to concentrate with the way Tony is curiously touching his body, exploring the canvass presented to him.
##########
But then when has Steve ever gone for easy?
“Very well, Adam. If you wouldn’t mind the wait, you can relax on the bed.” The way the older Alpha says it, it doesn’t sound like a suggestion at all. Steve lays on the bed, the rest of his clothes still on, propping himself up on his elbows, heart hammering on his chest despite himself.
"Never sweetheart." Tony says almost immediately, looking almost surprised. "I called you up here because I wanted you to be here."
She smiles at him, straightens out his hair and wipes away his tears. “Steven, we’ve talked about this, baby. You said you wouldn’t make a fuss.”
"You have to sleep on it first."
Steve hums in acknowledgement. “I guessed you didn’t want people knowing. It wasn’t in your file.”
you to stay outta there fer your own good. ‘Cos if you do-”
“P-Please j-j-just leave m-me a-alone.” Steve tries again, curling up around himself.
“Yes.” Steve answers, defiant.
He crashed the plane, the last thing he had said to Peggy had been an outright lie and they both knew it. There was no date, no tomorrow, and he had known that the moment he picked up the radio. He’d let the plane submerge before he even tried to get out, at that point, even
“Shield activate.” Steve mimics.
Wait, backup. I mean,
He can’t bear to look at the reminder for long, he slaps Stevos to turn around, scratching his waist.
It isn’t long before Tony spots the helicopter overhead, gets excited and starts yelling. The helicopter passes them, and then makes a turn. There are tears in his eyes as the reality that he’s going home sets in.
Happy New Year. Stay Safe wherever you are in the world, lets hope 2021 is better than 2020 has been.
Peter snickered at Ned’s excitement while MJ rolled her eyes, “Chill out man, its just a sleepover, its not like Mr Stark is going to take us for rides on the Iron Man suit.”
“I’m going to see him,” he said to Natasha and Bruce, “I’ll get through to him.”
The Asset jolted awake the words echoing in his mind along with images of the man he’d nearly killed the night before, dressed in fatigues and clutching his arm a smile on his face.
That was what Tony had decided when he’d been old enough to understand that his parents relationship and their relationship with him wasn’t healthy.
“Christ no,” Tony said, snorting at the thought, “He wouldn’t dance with anyone at all, least of all me.”
“Do hold still now, I don’t want to slip.” The Doctor said cutting two more strokes into Peter, forming a Y-incision before he set down the scalpel.
“Sleeping.” Zach said with a roll of his eyes, “He told me to bugger off when I chucked a pillow at his head!”
Now SI can probably offer employment to admin staff and such, but not even I could fund an entire intelligence agency and it is very doubtful that our Government or any Government would want to fund them.”
This meant that the rest of the team would have to double their efforts to make a good impression, something that was going to be difficult when Clint tried to hide in the vents. His departure from them was less than heroic and involved a lot of high pitch screaming, as when Natasha told Tony where Clint was hiding, Tony decided to send one of Zach’s Daleks into the vents to get Clint out.
“I’ll come with you.” Tony said with a significant look at Steve, “I need to check some things out in the lab anyway.”
If people would just leave them alone, people like Stern who were stoking the fires of the anti-mutant crowd, then things would start to die down, Tony and his lawyers could reason with the schools, and they could start to get back to normal.
“Do you want us to go bankrupt?” Norman snarled at Harry, “Do you want to give up your phone, your tablet, your play station, your designer clothes. Do you want to have to take the bus to school instead of getting driven in a limo, and eventually driving yourself in a sports car?”
“It’ll mess him up though.” Tony said, “That kind of shit always does.”
What impact would this relationship have on Peter and Zach?
“So, what brings you here?” Tony asked, “Things getting dull at Shield?”
“They have not.”
Tony spent the next few months planning for his death and trying to cope with his increasingly toxic blood.
Steve had just put Lily down for a nap and was planning on doing some training. He’d been on his way to ask Tony if he was up for sparring when he had found him cuddled in Pepper’s arms. At first he had thought he had walked in on them in a delicate moment. But then he had met Pepper’s eyes and seen the worry in them. That, along with the shudders coming from Tony had let him know that it was anything but a compromising situation and convinced him to leave them too it.
“That wasn’t my fault!” Harry protested; his voice distorted by his broken nose.
“I’m thinking several floors, the upper floors for living spaces and sub basements for labs and workshops.” He said to Jarvis, “The ground floor can be a common area, kitchens, TV room etc. I want this area tarmacked.” He said, pointing to the gravel road that trucks had used when they’d been bringing and collecting missiles.
“Yeah it’s all sorted.” Rhodey replied, sitting down in one of the arm chairs, “Any word from the UN, all this shit kind of messed up their session.”
“You can do lessons with Zach.” Tony said, there was a smile on his face and he was making the effort to sound at ease and happy about this, but Steve could see the strain on his face and hear the tension in his voice which was just that little bit too high. “We’ll talk about it when you are back on your feet.” He said putting his half eaten burger back in it’s Styrofoam box and got to his feet, “I’ll be back in a minute.” He said, his smile as fake as a starlets nails.
As he forced himself upright, clutching his jaw and rubbing the rapidly swelling area, Rogers saw his alternate self kneeling besides Tony.
Yawning loudly he followed the sound of voice and smell of cooking into the kitchen, where he found his Sons eating pancakes, bacon, eggs, and sausage that Steve was cooking, dressed in Happy’s jeans and T-Shirt, with Thor and Bruce also in Happy’s clothing, sitting at the Kitchen counter, with Happy himself pouring coffee.
“We could do it, or, you could, after we gather more evidence and get you something to wear.” Ned said, “You’ll need a mask at least so no one knows your identity.”
“Please tell me that my Blueberry didn’t get blueberry pancakes for breakfast again.” Tony sighed making a beeline for the coffee.
“So long as you don’t fart!” Steve chuckled, “Or drool, I don’t want to wake up on a soggy pillow!”
“The Doctor is with Amy and Rory, and River and they are in 1969 trying to find a little girl who keeps calling the President, and there’s these creepy, big headed aliens.” Zach explained.
Tony frowned, “I know this road,” he murmured, leaning forward, his eyes widening as he saw his parents car appear and be run off the road into a tree by a man on a motorbike. “Oh God,” he whispered, a hand rising to clutch at his throat, as he watched with growing horror, as Howard staggered from the car, running around to the passenger side to help Maria, only to attacked by a man he addressed as “Sergeant Barnes”
“Rumlow.” Tony murmured trying not to give into the urge to hide behind Steve. So many Alphas and likely all of them working for Hydra did not make him feel safe, especially not in a confined space.
“And you can put a sock in it, short stuff.” Clint informed him cheerfully.
"Yes Sir." The PA said hurrying out of the office, thinking only of his Christmas bonus which was the only thing that made this job worthwhile.
Steve’s face turned scarlet and he began to stammer just as the sound of explosions began.
“We thought we could get the information, we thought we could prove ourselves!” Ned babbled, “We didn’t mean for this to happen!”
“Zach honey, I’m sorry.” Pepper pleaded, she Steve, and Rhodey were having to break the news to Zach that it was time for him and Peter to go home, which meant he’d be separated from Tony for several more weeks.
“Tony was not responsible for your family’s deaths.” He said to Wanda, “It may have been a bomb with his surname on it, but he didn’t fire it, and many of his weapons were stolen and sold on the black market, which is likely how they came to be used in your countries Civil War. The only person responsible for your parents dying is the person who fired that bomb and that person is not Tony Stark.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Rogers snarled, marching over to Steve and Tony.
“No, I think it’s a good thing, but I also think Peter can do more than be a community service officer.” MJ replied, “He can find out what’s going on as Oscorp and expose Osborn for the creep he is.”
“We’re fine,” Steve called back, knowing that Tony wouldn’t want anyone to see him like this. He held his breath, praying that she would leave, after a few seconds he looked back to Tony who was staring at him in shock.
“They are adorable though.” Steve said still fascinated by how emotive Tony had made the Botts, it was truly incredible how “Alive” they were. They were more like people than machines, clumsy, misbehaving people.
The Crew recorded footage of the Avengers on team Movie night, when they argued over who’s turn it was to choose a movie, what genre they wanted to watch, and who had the worst taste in movies. It was difficult as Sam and Natasha pulled apart any spy based movies, Tony and Bruce scoffed at the inaccuracy of Sci-Fi, Steve and Sam disliked most military based films, and Thor became offended over Evil Alien movies. So this did limit the choice when everyone was watching and more often than not resulted in comedy being selected.
