Kate had followed right on Kara's heels, stopping beside Dean, kneeling down to reach under a cart and pulling out a first aid kit.
Cas rolled his eyes, another human expression he just couldn’t seem to stop emulating, “I don’t have harp.”
"The point is they have saved their earth just as many times as you all have saved yours. The Monitor wants to make the stand on this Earth as strong as possible. Everyone in this room are the greatest heroes and champions from across all realities."
Dean knew this place was geek heaven and under normal circumstances his little brother would’ve be all over the particle accelerator, but Sam hadn’t so much as even glanced towards a computer screen since they got here. Which had Dean all kinds of worried.
Ray pulled up the hologram of the tower, “You did it. The tower is working again, and the portal is open. Uh, but the ships better be fast.” The display of the antimatter wave was getting closer, “The Kryptonian-Angel charge didn't actually stop the wave, it just slowed it down. According to Brainy's algorithm, we have 14 minutes before it makes contact with Earth.”
“Knowing you have your mojo back will let me sleep easier at night knowing you can keep yourself safe but…” Dean rubbed a palm down his face, “If after this is all over you want to fall then you know you got a place with me and Sam.”
“Strange visitor from another planet comes to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men and we just give him the keys to the kingdom?”
Cas rubbed at the back of his neck. Dean had said that this world was bad, and of course Cas knew that the war of Heaven and Hell would ravage the planet. Oh but Cas hadn’t thought about how it would have affected the both of them. Cas hadn’t considered how such a reality would affect them personally. He felt sick. With one last glance at his doubleganger Cas threw his hand down and made for the cabin’s exit, unable to remain in the same room as himself any longer.
Harbinger bought up schematics of the tower while she explained, “At the dawn of time, the Monitor placed quantum towers on key Earths as a last line of defense. The red skies are dissipating, which means it's working.”
Kara swallowed a sick feeling building in her gut. There was a distinct line between the two teams. The heroes and the hunters. Those who knew each other and those who were unknowns.
Cas stood over Dean while the human tried to catch his breath and calm his racing heart. "Dean, you don't even know if the colt will do anything against Lucifer."
It was that hope that made her scan across the multiverse. Maybe the Monitor was wrong. Come on, Kara clenched the cold metal at the base of the screen, there had to be something. It couldn’t all just be gone.
“Here!” Kara tossed Dean a bottle water from a nearby table and went with Clark to greet the gathering crowd.
Dean chuckled and lowered his gaze from Cas’s piercing blue one, “Whoever taught you to be a sarcastic SOB should be punched.”
Lucifer's lips turned up in a snarl at the sight of the human and he clenched his jaw setting off another series of lighting strikes. Thunder rumbled ominously. Sauntering around his brother Lucifer came to a stop before J'onn and Barry, "With the impending Crisis, don't you think that is a bit," he sighed and raised a single brown eyebrow, "redundant?"
Kara crossed her arms, “Hey Sam, Dean, Castiel.” They shuffled forwards. Kara had seen how uncomfortable they’d been since arriving on Earth 1. At least for Sam she could tell he was a lot like her, needing a mission to focus on when the going got tough, and right now she didn’t think things could get much tougher. And out of all the heroes on the team they seemed the most comfortable around her up till now.
A red blur zipped into the building and the incoming wave was exploded by the yellow lightning. Kara and Clark landed near bye with a loud thud. Kara blasting back the demon about to grab Cas with her heat vision.
Cas sighed hard, remembering the time when he used to follow Heaven’s orders blindly, before he realized the true cost of his actions, “To do so would destroy most of the planet in the process. Dean could not live with such a loss of life. And it would mean that Sam would have died by his own hand. He couldn’t kill his own brother. In my reality we were able to again put Lucifer back into his cage in Hell, but in this reality Lucifer was left to run rampant.”
Dreamer continued his explanation, “We are thinking about moving willing people to Mars for the time being. The Martians have underground dwellings that can be converted to be habitable for humans.”
He felt the same. Call it morbid curiosity or an unreasonable hope, Sam had to know what had become of his home. Sure Harbinger had shown them back on Earth-38, although in the heat of the moment he hadn’t processed much of what he’d seen. Was it only Earth that was gone? The whole solar system? Everything? Sam had a hard time wrapping his head around that level of destruction.
“Oh.” Cas felt his eyebrows tried to disappear into his hair line. For the life of him couldn’t figure out why in his Father’s name such a man was aboard the ship with heroes.
Sara, Lois and Brainy teleported in. Clark left Kara’s side to take his son into his arms and pull his wife close.
Kara felt like a hole had been punched through her chest. Over the years she had gotten back so much of what she'd lost as a child. Her mother, friends from her years growing up on krypton and a beautiful living piece of her home world safe and intact. Argo, a place where her culture could rebuild. Clark, oh Clark, and Lois had been so eager to raise little John on Argo. An in minutes everything had been wiped from existence.
J'onn pulled the human in close, the usually stoic man nearly losing control, and then he dropped Dean to the ground.
'Jackson County Sanatorium. No Entry' read the sign hanging on for dear life by a single bolt on the wrought iron fence surrounding the sprawling complex. The building was still standing by the grace of God, or Chuck… whatever. The east and west wings had more or less collapsed over time.
Dean thew the car into gear not thinking, just reacting on his instinct to save people. He didn't even have time to hit the gas as the light swallowed up and destroyed them.
“And I’d shut up unless you want to go back to wherever he pulled you out of.” Sam crowded into the smaller man’s space, towering over him with a good half foot in height on Luthor, “I’m guessing he won’t be able to bring you back a second time.” Sam begrudgingly had to give Luthor some credit, he didn’t so much as flinch.
Mia tittered on her feet, overwhelmed, “Okay. When Lyla said an army, I thought she meant an army.” She strung a bow an aimed at the oncoming armada.
“She did. It's just that we've never faced one like this before.” Oliver took up position beside his daughter.
Cas gasped and threw his arms down. Dean, who had been hovering as close to Cas as the front seat would allow him, pressed his back against the steering wheel. Why? Castiel's eyes were glowing, no blazing the bright blue of angel grace. The hunter even thought he could hear Cas's wings rusting in agitation. And on the angel's face was abject fear. Fear he hadn't even seen when they'd faced Lucifer or the Darkness. Fear that Cas only showed when the two humans closest to him were about to die.
"Everywhere." Dean reverently picked up the weapon as a priest would a holy scripture, "They've been moving it around. Took me five years to get a hold of it."
"Okay, if you don't like, uh, 'reckless', I could use 'insouciant', maybe." Castiel overflowed with sarcasm.
“I don’t think you should come.” Sara said cutting off the speedster’s energy and drawing Barry into a complete standstill.
“I’ll start beaming up the groups you’ve already got gathered. Let's just hope Alex and Lena get that portal on in time so we have somewhere to go.” J’onn’s deep voice echoed the fear in both their hearts.
The sound of pills rattling in a bottle diverted his attention from the sky. Really? Now of all times? "No." He said firmly and plucked the bottle out of Castiel's fumbling hands.
Barry grasped the angel’s forearm and vibrated their molecules until he had phased the angel cuffs off. Afterall, those cuffs may have been angel proof but they were not speedster proof. Nodding his thanks to Barry, Cas allowed the young man to help him to his feet.
“You’re still a doof,” Claire’s face softened, “Its good to see you Castiel,” It was Cas’s turn to be shocked when the girl threw her arms around him.
“What about my dad?” Mia, who’d been hanging back suddenly walked all the way into the room. “Could it bring him back?”
The woman only calmly upturned her hands and eight pillars of light erupted and faded away to reveal people.
Dean snorted derisively and glared at Kara. Something shifted in his gaze when his eyes traveled down to the symbol on her chest. It would have been comical how his eyes bugged out of his head if not for the present danger racing towards them all. Dean started lightly slapping on his brother's arm and Sam slapped his hand away, not wanting to be distracted.
Dean was the first to emerge from the lead jeep followed by another young man on the passenger side. Dean reached back into the open car door and grabbed two beers, cracking one for himself, and throwing the other to his partner.
"Troubling him?! You just took a shot at him without explanation in front of all your people, man." Barry threw his arm out at the cabin door, "Don't you think that scared them even a little?"
"So do you have a gluten sensitivity too?" Ray bounced happily on his feet, and with his hands shoved into his pants pockets his gave off the air of a child, not the huge six-foot four superhero that he was.
Sam ceased his pacing a came to a stop beside Constantine, “With all the Earth’s dying could the magic have drained from the pit too?” He asked.
Once they were out of earshot of the others Cas's shoulders tensed, coiled like a snake ready to strike and he turned around, "Why are you lying to these people?" He threw the accusation at the hunter.
Barry and J'onn followed the hunter and angel inside the cabin but wisely stayed to the far side, glancing up in concern as the lights began to flicker in tandem with the Cas's raised voice.
Kara and Clark fought back-to-back. Clark shot his lasers high into the air while Kara blew her ice breath at the incoming demons. With a flick of the wrist the Monitor whisked them away.
“And good luck with finding Batman.” Sam couldn’t believe he just said that unironically, “What even is my life now?”
An uneasy feeling bloomed in Kara’s stomach and she had to push it down, “When you said you’ve lost count how many times you’ve come back that wasn’t a joke? Was it?”
"My Earth is already gone!" Cas had had enough, his shout came out as a screech. His true voice leaked through a little causing the windows on the vehicles surrounding the four to rattle and the nearest windshield to crack, little hairline fractures spreading across the smooth surface like veins.
“Oh we’re using our made up names then. I’m Heatwave,” Mick said around a mouthful of hamburger while pausing his typing, “What kinda code name is Castiel?”
Dean's anger bubbled over, "Why didn't you do anything to save our world? Why did you let them all die?" the words flew out of his mouth like daggers towards Harbinger.
"Meaning." Dean asked exasperated. Sammy just nodded beside him, of course his brainy brother understood what was going on.
Steam rose up from the Dark Knight’s body, “Kate....listen to me. There is no hope.” And he slumped forwards, still.
Dean whipped the car around and floored it. "There!" Dean saw a rickety barn no less than a mile away, "We get inside and throw up every damn sigil we know." Dean somehow pressed the gas closer to the floor knowing that his car wouldn't be fast enough. In the rearview mirror the light wave was descending fast and its roar was deafening, "Cas, I know you don't have much mojo in those wings but you gotta try something. Get us out of here!"
Kara’s expression softened, “Thank you,” she smiled kindly at the hunter, “But that’s not why I’m telling you this.” With a deep breath she steeled herself, “What I mean to say is I understand what you’re going through. For so long I thought about what I could have done, who I could have saved if I had my powers back then. But the truth is there was nothing I could have done. Just as there was nothing that you could have done differently to change what happened on Earth 79. If Harbinger hadn’t taken you away when she did you all would have died too. Just as I would have died if my mother,” the air caught in her throat and Kara choked. Sam placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. Her face pinched in pain, Kara brushed her cheeks dry, “If my mother hadn’t sent me away I would have died to. There is nothing we could have done then. But here, now. These people on this Earth” She waved at the bustling city below, “and every Earth on the antimatter wave’s trajectory, we can still save them. That’s why you’re here, that’s why I survived Krypton’s destruction all those years ago. So that we could be here now to make a difference. I have to believe that.”
“But Cas, isn’t that a good thing?” Dean was very worried for his angel right now. Having been given a big power boost Dean would think the dude would be thrilled. Right now it looked like someone had just stepped on a bee in front of Cas.
"There's still so many left," Cas lamented. The small town had been almost emptied, the survivors now refugees on Earth 1. But what about the millions of others all across this Earth? It was too late.
“Things are turning out differently than expected.” Pariah’s voice was the only sound in the room besides Mia’s soft crying, “But one thing is certain. Everything we know, everything there is, and everything there ever was is doomed.”
“Hello J’onn,” Kara squared her shoulders, putting on a strong front, “How are our people settling in?”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Sara shoved him to the ground. As he began to sit up Sara balled up her fist and knocked him across the jaw and thus it was lights out for the old sheriff.
Now if you asked him he’d would never admit to internally phrasing it that way. He didn’t even know exactly when he started thinking of Cas as “his angel” rather than “the angel”. He thinks it must have been sometime after purgatory. The little assbutt had made him trudge around that damn forest long enough. And ever since then there’d been this unspoken and unacknowledged thing between them. Hell it might have started before purgatory but Dean had upright refused to think about it before that point. Even now in his own head he was still in denial land. All he knew was that something had definitely changed between him and Cas in purgatory.
“Whatever we are?” Barry strained against his restraints and began to vibrate his arms imperceptibly in preparation to phase through them. Well, almost imperceptibly. Cas caught his eye over their captor’s shoulder and shook his head.
“Yes,” J’onn picked up here he left off, ignoring Deans outburst. “In this reality the white martians were driven off Mars decades ago. I communicated with the head of the green martian’s government and she was willing to open relations with this earth’s president.”
Johnathan became inconsolable, his little hand promptly pulled back and smacked Kara on the chin. “Its not working.” Kara groaned and turned to Kate who crossed her arm across her chest and shook her head firmly. Kara rolled her eyes and moved onto the next person in the line up.
Castiel laughed and put his muddy boot up on the jeeps dash, "It's the perfect antidote to that absinthe."
Inside was a collection of various body parts, some appeared to be animal while others were decidedly of a more monstrous nature. And wait… Kara, Sam and Cas squinted and bent over in unison… was that a puppet hand?
In the city around the tower people looked to the skies in fear. Would they turn red again? People grouped together, most stayed with their co-workers as the crisis had hit right in the middle of the work day. Sam threaded through the throng of citizens, trying to keep some sense of order to the evacuation.
“Well speaking for myself I’d say I’m just fine.” But the hunch in Dean shoulder’s gave away his true feelings.
The second Constantine exited the portal he made for the large pool of water in the center of the cave and stuck two fingers into it. As he swirled his hand around the water clumped together with thick algae and murk, “This is the place,” Removing his fingers he promptly stuck them in his mouth, his face pinching up in disgust, “Yep. That’s clean enough.”
Barry came to with a searing breath that hurt his lungs. Attempting to stand he felt tight cuffs baring down on his ankles and wrists which forced him to remain seated in an old rickety chair. “What’s happening?” Barry groaned and blinked hard. A glance around the room showed J’onn slumped over in his chair and shaking his head while Cas was coming to from where he was handcuffed to a pipe on the floor.
"Come on," Barry couldn't hold himself back any more. He knew a bad plan when he saw one, hell he'd been a part of more than a few himself, the disastrous plan to rescue the President from the dominators three years back came to mind, "Are you just going to waltz right through hordes of zombies and shoot the actual Devil in the face?!" Barry couldn't believe he'd just asked that question with completes seriousness.
A man in a white suit knelt in the rotten, over-grown garden. When Cas, Barry and J'onn skidded to a halt at the entrance he rose from his crouch to reveal Dean. The hunter was being pressed into the ground, the heel of the other man on his neck. Dean raised his gaze to Cas, full of regret and anguish. The man gave his heel a sharp twist. A loud crack reverberated through the garden and Dean's eyes slipped closed.
“Kara, Clark, Castiel get to the roof.” Oliver snapped out the order while notching another arrow, “Get the tower operational again. We'll stay behind and hold them off.”
Kate was the first to speak after Cas’s unexpected outburst, “I though Angels were supposed to work for heaven.”
The little girl whimpered in Cas's arms and that small sound spurred him into action. With a nod to Barry and J'onn the three stepped into the breach which closed behind them with a blue zip, the anti-matter wave washing over the street where they'd just been standing seconds later.
And there went Dean's confidence in this plan working. He and Cas took a huge step back and joined Barry, Kate and Kara near the back of the room.
In regards to his question Cas answered with a small shrug, “Its just what I wear. I don’t believe we were properly introduced. I am Castiel.”
Unconsciously Dean pressed a hand to his own chest, remembering when the hellhound killed him all those years ago. Oliver looked pretty much as he did then if what Sam told him was anything to go by.
Instantaneously J’onn was in front of Dean. He clamped down on the gun, ripping it out of the human’s grasp and tossed it effortlessly aside, “This will not be pleasant, but it is the easiest way,” J’onn lifted his fingers to Dean’s forehead.
“What?!” Cas protested, “I’m not meant to be an angel anymore and there’s a reason for that.” This was how is how it should be, was what he wanted. The natural conclusion of using up his grace such as he was cut off from Heaven.
They made it up the rickety steps. Dean only managing to stumble once when his foot fell through the floorboards. With Kara’s help he kicked his leg loose and looked skywards, as if asking a higher power “why him?”.
“Monsters and demons have plagued my family since I was born. And ever since then it’s been one world ending threat after another. I’ve lost almost all of my family and more friends than I’d care to say. We’ve given up everything to save the world.”
"Because he was turning." Dean shoved Cas back, the blow doing pitifully little to loosen Cas's grip, "We were in an open quarantine zone. Got ambushed by some Croats on the way out."
“No. not for a while. I don’t, I truthfully don’t know what I am. I was created to follow orders and obey and that’s all I did for millions of years. The universe was so simple.” He mourned that simplicity in a strange way, but Cas knew that given the chance he wouldn’t change a thing about the events that led him here, “Meeting the Winchesters, meeting Dean. He showed me that there was another way. I never had free will until he showed me I could make my own choices. Believe me, I’ve made quite a few mistakes. The ability to choose, to make one’s own path, was what I fell for. Being an angel sets me so far apart from humanity, but with Dean I feel human. I rebelled for Dean and I fell. He grounded me to earth and these people. Because of Dean I… I feel. He’s my…”
"Of course I do. I was there." Cas flexed his jaw. With the mortals forgotten for the moment, Cas sent out a silent plea to J'onn to check on Barry.
Author's Note: I do not own anything under the purview of the CW. This story came to me while watching Crisis on Infinite Earths while wishing for a better ending to Supernatural and this fic was born. In terms of timelines this story takes place towards the beginning of Supernatural Season 12 and disregards anything after 12X07, baring a few ideas. Pretty much ignoring most of season 14 and 15. Evil Chuck won't be a thing here. This fic is purely for fun and if you have any comments or requests feel free to send them my way. I love to hear from you. Please feed your fic writers :) Slow burn Destiel endgame.
“I think that’s enough Cassie,” Constantine said and the blinding light cut out. After a sharp inhale Constantine rolled his eyes halfway back into his head, “Ex nombe to a vis infinattum.” He clapped his hands together and the lit cigarettes burnt up, sending fire flying around in a circle. Orange light in a hexagonal shape erupted from his palms. Constantine clenched his fists and shoved his hands clockwise as if turning a wheel. Out of the hexes numerous miniature galaxies swirled into view, “It’s all in the wrist.” Constantine winked at Cas.
Dean stepped back and before his brain could step in and squash the chick-flick moment he bopped Cas on the chin in a mirror of how he had done the same in purgatory. A blush spread over his face in embarrassment, but it lessened when Cas didn’t seem to mind, “I mean it.”
Cas looked like he was about to throw up. The angel wasn't even sure if he could be physically sick. All those years ago he rebelled against heaven, forging a path for himself with his new-found free will and this is what it came too. In all his worst nightmares from a war of angels and demons, to a planet overrun by leviathans this outcome never even crossed his mind. There would have always been something left, something or someone to fight for. But it was all just gone.
"Yes I agree." Alex agreed, "You said the multiverse was in trouble." Pointing her finger at Harbinger.
The look Sam gave his brother clearly said, ‘don’t make me look bad in front of the real life alien right next to us’.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“He didn’t give me a choice in the matter.” Cas mumbled so low Dean barely heard it. Then louder, “Its exactly what the angels did. It they needed something they just went into my head and changed me. Now my choice has been taken away again. This power, it set me apart from humanity,” Up till this point Cas had resolutely refused to move his gaze from the floor but now he raised his blue eyes to Dean’s, “It set me apart from you.
As Cas and J'onn ushered people through the breach Barry's yellow lighting filled the town square and as sped in as many people from the city's outskirts as he could.
Ignoring him the Monitor simply waved a hand in the air. Cas was bolled over with a pain that would be the mortal equivalent of being hit by a truck. Every inch of his vessel shined with blinding grace. If any human had been in the corridor with the two celestials undoubtably they would not have survived.
Barry’s feet had barely touched down before he sped off in a blur and then reappeared right next to Cas, the wind kicked up in his wake blowing the angel’s trench coat back dramatically, “Just ran a perimeter search. No signs of life.” He reported.
Louis's head swiveled from Ray, to Superman, to her husband, and back to Ray. Yep. The Multiverse was weird.
"Plugging some Croat, it's called commonplace. Trading words with Cas's freaking sober clone," He threw Cas a disgusted look, "And that little stunt you pulled," Dean got in Barry's face, his ire dangerously close to exploding, "that might have freaked them out a little." Dean huffed and made for the door.
And yes, Sam groaned inwardly, his man child brother was indeed bouncing on the balls of his feet like the twelve year old he never got to be. “Really Dean?” Sam asked exasperated, biting back a fond grin at his brother’s antics.
As that demon burst into ash Mia used the cover to twirl around and lift her weapon, shooting her arrow at two unsuspecting demons. They were taken out before the ash cleared to reveal Mia with another arrow readied that she released, killing a demon grappling with Cas.
The top most galaxy promptly disintegrated into oblivion when a wave of light washed over it. The Anti-Monitor had struck again.
“I’ve seen enough Saturday morning cartoons to know that one of these has to be…” He came to a book that wouldn’t budge like the others and tilted it backwards. A click resounded across the room and a length of bookshelves pulled back to reveal an dank elevator shaft. “Yes!”
“One thing at a time, right, gents?” The warlock was clearly troubled, and his frenetic hands yanked another cigarette out and into his mouth.
At this Dean perked up, “The Batman?” He whispered so low only Kara and Clark could hear. His obvious hero worship had Kara biting her lip to keep in her laugh despite how low she’d been feeling only moments before.
“I have to go.” Cas said holding the baby a little closer, “And be somewhere else.” With that he fled further into the ship.
“It was not supposed to be like this.” For the first time since the beginning of the Crisis the Monitor appeared unsure, “This is not his ending that I foresaw.”
“I enlisted the assistance of Felicity Smoak, who earned the wisdom of a second book.” The Monitor answered Dean’s question as a teacher would to a misbehaving child.
“I’m the guy who punched the Devil in the face,” Sam growled, his tone promising violence, “So don’t tempt me.”
Cas wasn't sure how to feel about that. He'd died so many times over the years. He mourned that this Castiel never really had a chance.
Yes, their lives were in a constant state of crisis and fighting, but every once in a while there were these moments. Moments when the three of them could just breathe and be a family. And like every one of those moments that Dean loved so much it ended far too soon.
“Yes.” Cas dropped his angel blade from his sleeve, the cool metal of his weapon against his skin was a balm to his nerves, “The same virus that destroyed the first settlement in the Americas, harnessed by the Horseman of Pestilence and released upon the earth.”
"You don't know what you've done brother." Cas slipped his angel blade down his sleeve and readied his weapon, although he knew his blade would be as lethal as a paper cut to his older brother.
Secured in his position Cas held out the palm of his hand. In tandem their eyes began to glow. Twin bolts of heat and light shot from Kara and Clark’s eyes while a single beam of pure grace shot from Cas’s palm.
"Barry, I think its time we do something, and fast." Cas held his hand out, "Give me the extrapolator.
Kara recognized his protective stance as one she'd had for Alex since before she even became Supergirl. To top it all off they clearly resembled each other. Family? Brothers? She wondered.
Lena and Alex had joined the fray. Not many ships were left and there were still too many people to get one them. To top it all off time was running out. Sam made sure Lena, Alex and Dreamer had all made it onto ships before he made his way to the last ship that had landed in the central park.
Sam was glad Alex had made sure he had a com as well, so he was able to hear the Martian’s response.
Barely sparing the hunter a glance the Monitor continued, “You have suffered a horrible loss, but you have every reason not to lose hope, 8, in fact. Across space and time…”
Kara squinted at the trio, shaking herself after a moment, "That wouldn't even hit the top ten strangest things I've seen."
The woman in blue calmly turned to the men, "I am Harbinger and you are on Earth 38…" A black gloved fist collided with her face, stunning everyone else into motionlessness.
“Yes yes!” Brainy zoomed in on the power panels near the top of the main spire, “From this design, it looks like the tower is capable of generating a quantum flux field, which can, theoretically reverse the exogenic state of the anti-matter wave, thereby dissipating the anti-matter energy.”
“I don’t know.” Lois grimaced and passed the baby to Kara. Kara’s face lit up as the baby quieted and plopped a hand on her cheek.
Dean held his hands up, shocked. The sides of his mouth pulled up, impressed and he shrugged. He and Kate shared a look and followed right in behind Kara.
"Dean doesn't want us interfering with his plan," J'onn was the first to his feet, his psychic abilities lending him a small measure of protection.
The speedster had something on his mind but was having trouble giving voice to it, “I got to ask you something man.” Barry said while anxiously shifting his weight back and forth between his feet. He let go of Cas’s jacket when the angel eyed his hand pointedly. In a motion that made the speedster look years younger Barry crossed his arms, curing in on himself and leaned in close to Cas so as to not be overheard, not that there was anyone to overhear. The cabin was empty save for one unconscious and intoxicated man, “Is there something we should know about you and Dean?”
“How about, like, a little hint?” Louis pinched her fingers together emphasizing the “little” of her question.
"I have to do what best for everyone. I can't trade the life of one man for this entire camp. They're counting on me to make the hard decisions to keep them alive."
“Kara, Clark” Ray pulled up a holographic schematic of the tower, “your laser vision should be a compatible source to jump start the tower’s systems. Castiel?”
Only Dean found himself a foot off the ground with J'onn's hand wrapped around his throat, not tight enough to constrict his airflow, but enough to show the human he meant business.
Cas only groaned in pain. The air around the three simmered in the high-pitched wail of an angel's true voice.
The dust cleared and there was Cas and Kara, stunned but very much alive. Kara had hit the ground first, using her body to shield the angel from the worst of the collision.
She didn't make it two steps towards the door. The glass surrounding the briefing room cracked and the floor rumbled before lurching underfoot, sending anyone not sitting to the ground.
“There are not many humans left alive on this planet. There’s only so many places they could be. My Dean mentioned there was an encampment not far from the outskirts of the city. But we must be wary. The infected are everywhere.” Cas replied.
At hearing his full name Cas felt his back tense up, like he was waiting for a blow that would never come, “Cas.” He replied back.
Oblivious to all this Castiel squared his shoulders and addressed the woman as one warrior did to another, "I am an angel of the lord."
"I was wrong Cas. I was wrong. I'm begging you." Dean gave up the pretense of packing and fixed Cas with a pain filled grimace that broke the angel's heart, "When you get back to where ever you came from… just go back to Heaven and do whatever the angels want. Its too much to fight it. Heaven is the only thing that can stop this crisis." Dean leaned in close to Cas, looking him up and down with a sneer, "But you won't do that will you? Cause that's not who you are. Not anymore." And with that Dean scooped up his bags and raced out the door leaving Cas alone to pick up the pieces.
Kara let out a gasp like she’d been punched. Her gaze wandered until it came to Sam and Dean, the despair on their faces matching her own. Now they all had the same thing in common, they were all survivors of dead Earths.
"Nice to see you to Risa." Dean flexed his sore jaw while he took his place at the front of the table while Risa dropped herself into a chair and propped her boots up on the tabletop.
J’onn exited one on the larger tents with Dreamer, having psychically sensed the arrival of the supers and the hunters.
"I guess the apocalypse doesn't have safe driving laws," Barry frowned and waited beside Cas while J'onn lingered a little farther back on the rickety porch.
That car ended up being the one driven by Castiel. Barry had moved to enter the car with Dean but a low rumbling growl from the hunter had the speedster quickly retreating.
“Don't forget to find your mother. Ok?” He cupped her cheek, “Find William. Tell him how much I love him. I love you, Mia.” His hand dropped, no longer having the strength to hold it up, “You keep me in your heart. I love y…” And Oliver Queen, the Green Arrow, was breathed his last.
Oliver crossed his arms on the table and leaned forward, "I've seen the antimatter wave in action." In fact he still had nightmares about it, "It wiped all of Earth-2 right out of existence."
“So why didn’t they say yes and allow the battle to happen?” J’onn wondered aloud, speaking up as the speedster had at present lost the ability to form words properly.
“If the shoe fits.” Kate raised the extrapolator, thumb poised to activate it “Wait,” she paused. They were still down a man, “Where the hell is Dean?”
‘They all seem to have been fleeing something,” J’onn noted, careful to keep his psychic touch outwards in case of approaching danger.
“Did that really just happen?!” Sam asked, stunned by what they’d just witnessed and pointed at where the Galaxy had been only a second ago.
“And now we have to keep fighting for what and who we have left,” Cas stared intently at Dean, it was one of his looks that Dean would have under normal circumstances reminded the angel of human social cues. Now they just took comfort that the other was even there, awkward interactions and all.
Barry clasped his hands together, pressing the tips of his fingers to his mouth, and cautiously approached, "What is that?"
"The hunters from the camp?" Cas asked. Even only knowing them for a night Cas didn't want them to die. All their struggles and sacrifices shouldn't be rewarded with oblivion.
Oh! Now Sam recognized this man. Jonah Hex! Sam knew that if Dean had been here, he would have been squealing like a fan girl at the cowboy DC hero. It appeared the universe still had a few surprises in store for him.
Ray scanned the tower as Team Two approached it’s base, “Whatever is inside there, it's working. The anti-matter wave has stopped and it's slowly dissipating. How do we protect that thing from an enemy we know nothing about?”
The demons kept on coming. They swooped down in what appeared to be kamikaze runs, knocking into the heroes and even snatching Ray up before dropping him heavily to the ground. If not for Ray’s Atom suit his bones would have been pulverized.
Dreamer pressed the com in her ear, “Right on time, J'onn. Are you ready to get this evacuation underway?”
Cas didn’t even get close to touching him before Dean flinched back, “Don’t.” Dean’s face was open and vulnerable, completely unguarded and Cas caught a glimpse of his Dean. He looked like he wanted nothing more than to let Cas in, but then in an instant his expression closed off again. The change was so quick and sudden that it would have been missed if not witnessed by three superhuman individuals, “Just don’t Cas.”
The vehicles were being loaded up and filled to the brim with people and weapons. The three visitors stayed to the side during the preparations as whenever they tried lending a hand they were given glares and huffs of distrust. Wisely, they decided to stay out of the way until the order was given to roll out and then pile into whichever car's occupants looked the least likely to shoot or stab them.
“All the vanished people deserve to live out their lives as they see fit. Not make do with an after life because some megalomaniac wants to rule and will ease everything to do it.” Kara was quickly growing angry. She knew she should take comfort that something of the lost souls lives on, but it wasn’t enough.
Barry snapped his head back, mouth agape at the straightlaced version of the Angel behind him. Angel’s and orgies should never be in the same sentence. Like ever. What the hell?
"What is that?" Dean couldn't comprehend what he was seeing. It didn't make sense. A monster with claws, a man with a shot gun, a black eyed thing he could handle. Whatever this was, it was something new.
Kara shook his hand. She didn't know what shocked her more, that this stranger from another world used her real name, or that he was being so kind after she'd pretty much attacked his brother, "Yes. And I'm sorry by the way." At his confusion, "For blasting your brother. Um. Mr. Winchester" She addressed the other hunter. "we can have our med bay take a look at your hand."
A familiar sound fluttered behind him. Familiar, but one that he hadn’t heard in forever. Familiar in that is sent a warm shock of affection through his system and terrifying at the same time as it begged the question; How?
Cas rose from his and Dean’s cover and held up one of his hands, “Shut your eyes.” He ordered, eyes glowing bright blue as a light erupted out of his palm.
"Yeah that makes a lot of sense." Oliver mentally kicked himself over not putting it together sooner.
Time rushed back into its normal flow and the speedster crumbled to the ground. His supercharged impact lurched the ground under foot and Barry rolled to a stop across the small courtyard, colliding with the stone wall hard enough to crack it.
Ray's face fell, "None of them. That's us, this ship." He dropped the device to the tabletop, defeated, "Apparently, there are still a few bugs."
Kara was again about to dismiss all this, her earth was hanging in the balance. Then she saw the look on Oliver's face. Not an ounce of surprise.
Seeing his friend hurt the man in the trench coat flew into action. Faster than a human should have been able to move he was across the room and in front of Kara. He brought down his silver dagger onto her chest.
Something akin to alarm flitted across Dean's features before he settled into a scowl, "I don't know what you're talking about."
The women all squeezed past the three on their way out. Cas turned his face into the wall to avoid being recognized. He waited until he couldn’t hear the ladies’ footsteps before risking leaving his crouched position.
“No Sara! He’s my best friend, you can’t expect me to sit this one out!” Barry shouted, letting his anger get the best of him as he towered over her and threw out his arm in the direction of the infirmary where Oliver’s body rested.
"Ow, careful will-ya." Dean winced, "At least it was a batarang, so I can cross that off the bucket list." His attempt at humor fell flat, he knew it. His smile faded and his expression turned somber. For Dean, he now had no hope any of them would make it out of this Crisis alive.
“More like a cry for help if you asked me.” A clipped man’s voice said over the intercom. The sudden out of nowhere sound startled everyone, especially Cas who jumped and readied his blade again.
“And what about those innocent lives on Earth-38? Or Earth 79?” Kara shouted while using all her will power to keep from pummeling Luthor and the Monitor into the ship’s bulkheads, “Did they not have destinies to fulfill? I'm sorry, but I can't trust a man who thinks Lex Luthor is an ally.” At feeling her last bit of self-control slip away Kara all but ran from the bridge in a blur.
Harbinger broke it down for everyone, "Meaning it's the only thing that can save the people of this world."
Once the cabin had been cleared it was just Cas and Dean. Cas knew that Dean was aware of his presence, even though the human completely ignored him in favor of shoving equipment into duffel bags. The typically meticulous precision that Cas knew Dean to treat his weapons with was notably absent. Dean carelessly threw guns and knives one after the other with no thought given to their integrity.
Night had come and gone and the caravan of vehicles were still on the move. The sky was just beginning to turn a dusty rose and the sun would be up soon. Cas found himself watching the sky with rapt attention and dread, any second the soft morning light could turn red. They were running out of time.
They’d long since left the outskirts of the town and were now surrounded by trees on all sides. Even the foliage and plant life were barely holding on by a thread. Dead trees far outnumbered those with leaves and even then, the limbs drooped and sagged like thin fingers reaching downwards at the three. Barry couldn’t decide if the town was worse, or this. Dean had said they hunted monsters and they were now on a parallel Earth to his, Cas and Sam’s home. This little tidbit of information Barry suddenly remembered, and he peered into the forest. Ample darkness surrounded them on all sides regardless that it was midday. Plenty of places for anyone, or anything, to hide. Anything with big teeth and claws and glowing eyes and… Nope, Barry decided, the forest was definitely worse.
Cas pressed his lips together, considering his next course of action, "J'onn, Barry. I'll meet you outside."
“I have someone like that.” Barry’s lips pulled up in a genuine smile, the grief that had darkened his face ever since Oliver’s death lifted and it was like seeing the clouds part on a rainy day to let the sun though.
Kara’s head rose as he entered. She tensed for a moment, then sagged with relief as seeing it was just him, “A few words come to mind. Psychopathic lunatic. Homicidal madman.” Kara said taking a seat at the big dining table.
Wistfully she watched Mary fold her boys into her arms again. Not for the first time wishing she could have her own mother’s arms around her.
Kara started and then inwardly berated herself. Come on, she had supersonic hearing and she couldn’t notice one hunter walking up to her? She really was losing it. “Do what?” She frowned.
At last, he peeled back the last bit of paper. Nestled among the news stories of death and ruin was a tarnished old revolver, all cylinders empty, save one.
Constantine appraised the angel before him with a chuckle, “I feel like I should file for copyright infringement.” And he lit his cigarettes.
Dean nodded, “Right, so we find this Anti-Monitor and Death and we tell them to take this Crisis and shove it so far up their…”
“Barry? You, my friend, are the very best of us.” Oliver reached for Kara, “I gave it all up for you and Kara.”
“That’s an understatement.” Alex said then looked at the ceiling when a buzzing sound rumbled the tent.
A deathly stillness settled over the sanatorium. Even the wind had ceased its low howl. There was nothing, just silence. It was like the deep breath just before a plunge.
There was a woosh in the air and people glanced upwards, cheering when they saw familiar red and blue blurs streaking across the sky.
Thunder rumbled in the distance and the ground shook, crumbling a building and J'onn used his psychic abilities to shield a woman and her baby from the debris.
Oliver pulled back his bow string and aimed, “Don’t stop fighting until every last ship gets through.”
“Ahem.” Kara straightened her glasses, raised her foot, and kicked the door right out of the brick wall. The door flew inwards a few feet and crashed to the floor, shattering the tile beneath it.
"Enough!" Oliver stepped up to the two hostile parties, his deep voice practically jolting the tension to a standstill, "No one is going be hurting anyone!"
"Great." Risa replied sarcastically and threw her arms up, "Have we got anything that can find Lucifer?"
"There is a malevolent force at work, one driven by a singular goal. The destruction of all there is."
“Hello Dean.” Cas squinted up at the hunter. While this man before him was chronologically a few years younger than his own Dean he couldn’t help but think that this version looked so very much older.
Castiel nodded along with Cas's explanation, "In my case the big brass upstairs kinda pulled the plug on my connection to heaven and my power just kinda went, psshhew!" Castiel tilted his thumb downwards, "Really sucks when you've been one thing for millions of years only to be shoved down into something small and tiny and fragile." Righteous anger rolled of Castiel.
Kate and Kara stood on one side of Sara while the Winchesters and Cas leaned against the counter on the other.
"Yeah pretty much." Dean's scowl was forceful enough to make the speedster retreat back to his corner with the other visitors.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Nope that’s not gonna happen,” Dean, still a little dazed, gently smacked away his hand which earned him a smirk from the angel. “You’re messing with me.”
"All this for that," J'onn braced both hands against the table and leaned in for a closer look, "What is so special about this weapon?"
And there went the bottom of Dean’s stomach. A cold fear crept into his throat, “Cas there’s things you should know. Things I never told you, or Sam about that place. The me that’s there. He’s in a bad way man.”
The young blonde woman at Oliver's side who had stayed silent this whole time awkwardly raised her hand in greeting, "Uh, hi I'm Mia. Oliver's daughter."
Cas at last let go and Dean slumped to his feet, grasping his chest where bruises were already beginning to form.
“I want to help with the evacuation. Count me in.” Sam blurted. Off Dean’s look, “This is something I have to do.” Then to Alex, “But where can you even send them?”
“Your help will be much appreciated Barry Allen,” Cas said placing a firm hand on the young man’s shoulder.
Ignoring their aside the Monitor continued, “It revealed the names of Ms. Zor-El and Ms. Lance, as well as the other three.”
“Bummed out Kryptonian, Apocalyptic Rambo, and a future Bat. Which technically means…” Kate wondered aloud.
"Wanna try that again?" Alex stepped around Kara, leveling her weapon at her sister's would be killer.
Dean took a moment to consider, “I know.” He said shocking the three. “While you were out I did all the tests,” Counting off on his fingers, “Holy water, salt, silver knife, nothing. You even had this stashed up your sleeve like my Cas used to.” Reaching into his jacket he pulled out Cas’s angel blade. It looked sharp and dangerous in the dark lighting, “Good thing that hybrid sigil worked and didn’t blow you to smithereens or halfway across the country, cause I’ve been meaning to bag an angel for a while. So why are you here?” He pointed the sharp end of the blade at Cas and then waved it over at Barry and J’onn. “I’ve never seen either of these two before.” Then back at Cas, “And you look like you’ve put on a little more milage. So I guess I should ask; When are you from?”
Once Oliver had been full submerged the air was tense as they all braced for something to happen. Sam let out a breath he didn’t realized he’d been holding and peered down into the still, dark water. Oliver’s body wasn’t even visible from the surface any longer. How deep was this pit?
“Yes, I did need you.” Dean wasn’t understanding. With his mojo back Cas had more firepower, and in this crisis it was desperately needed. He took a pause and tried to steer the conversation back to how this had happened, “The Monitor gave you your mojo back.”
“No it really doesn’t,” Sara smiled half-heartedly. Not many people understood what she’d been through.
“Wow,” Sam still couldn’t believe that he was working with the real honest to God Superman. At Kara, Dean and Cas’s look, “Our lives are weird.”
Pissed that he was being told to sit out a mission Dean snapped back at the celestial being, “Where’d you cook up these crazy theories anyway?”
The camp had been briefed and the highest-ranking members of Dean's squad were present in the main cabin. That consisted of Dean, Castiel nursing a hangover with a cup of powdered coffee, a few gruff ex-military types.
Hopeful once more Kara asked the question she'd been dying to ask, "Did anyone else make it off Argo?" At Clark's dark expression Kara felt her heart cracking all over again, "My mother?" her voice small.
"I would've said the same about laser eyeballs" Dean threw up his hands in Kara's direction, "but here we go."
“I know,” Sara was overcome with a wave of grief that if she didn’t keep moving would drown her and pulled Barry into a quick hug, his arms coming up to squeeze her shoulders in return. Pulling away she pushed down the sob rising in her chest, her face pinching but she smiled through the pain, “I miss him to.”
“The monitor has already said I am meant to go to Earth-14 and J’onn J’onzz has agreed to accompany me.” Cas said.
"I need a minute." Cas said quietly. He turned on his heel and swept out of Ray's lab, the weight of the universe on his shoulders.
"We shall see." The Monitor said sounding unworried at the recent turn of events, "I believe Dr. Palmer's work is now finished."
To cover his star struck expression Dean cleared his throat. “And she’s bullet proof.” Dean clapped Kara on the back, wincing and shaking his hand out, “Yep definitely bullet proof.”
“Dean,” Cas sat up a little straighter, “We are not demons, or shapeshifters. I am Castiel, just not your Castiel.”
Kara continued, “This guy's not a paragon of anything. I was right. We can't trust the Monitor.” She held up the broken remains of Superman’s glasses.
"I wouldn't go out there man." The other Castiel warned, taking a long drawl from a wrapped bud that definitely didn't have tobacco in it. Castiel inhaled deeply and then blew the smoke in Cas's direction before laughing at God knew what.
Cas had had enough, "Pull over." He ordered Castiel, the gravel in his voice becoming more pronounced, "I'm driving."
“Very well.” Cas sighed and allowed his hand to hover over Constantine’s. Slowly his pupils began to glow and white blue grace spilled out of his palm. Sara, who had not seen Cas in action before felt a small jolt of awe an no small amount of fear but she managed to squash the instinctual urge to flee at the display of angelic power.
"I guess that answers that question." The oldest Winchester narrowed his eyes at the dark road ahead of them.
Dean quickly swigged down the water to wash out his mouth. Then Dean followed his brother’s gaze to the Kryptonian woman and smirked.
Sara stood above Hex, “The mine is ours.” She lowered his serrated blade closer to his face for emphasis.
The main refugee camp had been erected in the park in the center of Central city. Only a few of the city’s residents had begrudged the newcomers, most having delt with the threat of metas and alien attacks long enough to have compassion for people in need. Wrapping all around the outskirts of the park were various lines passing out food, blankets, clothes, you name it. Within the park itself were hundreds of tents and even a few circus platforms donated by Gotham’s Flying Grayson’s to house all the people.
Sam and Dean hung back, feeling far too out of sorts for their comfort level. Suddenly overwhelmed and needing air Sam grabbed his brother’s arm and nodded towards the open-air balcony over-looking the city.
"Well done. You have succeeded in finding the Paragon of Truth." The Monitor said to the two supermen standing in Ray's lab. "Lex Luthor played his role." Luthor pulled up his suit jacked in a mock curtsy from inside his containment field, "He led you to him."
“I can’t just abandon Oliver.” Barry side-stepped the angel and moved right up into Sara’s space in a challenge, “That’s what you’re asking me to do!”
The heroes sat around a table in the DEO"s briefing room with Cas between Lois and Kara while the two Winchester's leaned against the wall in the back. Oliver had to ignore all his training that screamed that these hunters were a threat.
“J’onn is waiting in the cargo hold. I’ll meet you there.” Cas said to Barry who super sped out, kicking up sheeves of paper in his wake.
"Have you lost your mind Dean?!" Cas was every bit the terrifying soldier of heaven in that moment. He easily pinned the human with one arm as he continued to yell.
“2019,” Barry answered causing the hunter to whirl around in his seat. At Dean’s sudden and intense attention the speedster pulled back, instantly regretting his outburst.
Cas was so busy directing the survivors that he failed to notice a fundament shift in this universe until it had already occurred. The constant buzz that accompanied his every living moment as an angel had suddenly gone silent. He pulled back with a gasp at the realization of what that meant.
And then at last with a cry of defiance Kara’s lasers died out and they both fell. Kara was unconscious. As they dropped Cas idly mused that as drained as he was now a fall from this height would most probably kill him.
Barry's heart began hammering in his chest. Of all the aliens and superpowered beings he'd faced he never in his wildest dreams thought that he'd come face to face with the actual Devil. Up until a few days ago Barry hadn't even believed that Lucifer was real. And now here he was wearing a familiar face.
Dean cocked the handgun Alex had managed to get as a replacement for the one Kara melted. It didn’t quite feel right in his hand, but it would do, “At least we had warning it’s coming.”
“Because duh” Cas’s eyes bugged out his head and if his constricted pupils were any indication the man was on something besides alcohol, “I’m not needed. I know he only kept me around for my angel mojo. He used me and I let him.” Up to this point Castiel’s face had been overly animated but now it was like a switched had flipped inside the fallen angel and he was suddenly serious. “We always let people use us don’t we?” His words thrown like a javelin at his counterpart, “Now that’s all gone and he can’t even look at me. Maybe I don’t wanna look at him either. Now,” Cas straightened his stained shirt, “If you’ll excuse me, if have some ladies waiting for me.”
"Sammy, you even listening to me?" Dean Winchester had been going on about their current hunt. The Devil was missing. Again. The slick little bastard just never could seem to stay gone. And the brothers nearly had him back in Hollywood. They had been so close and now Lucifer was in the wind, looking for a new vessel. Dean had just about had enough. Their mom was away, quote on quote finding herself again. Their resident Angel was in the back seat probably sending the King of Hell emoticons. And to top it all off his damn little brother was ignoring him.
Turning towards Oliver the Monitor suddenly had an electrified arrow in his chest. Momentarily stunned he dropped to his knees.
Sara held her glass up, “Oliver died the way he lived, a hero.” And she downed it in one go followed suit by Dean and Cas. Glasses hit the table with a bang.
Dean nodded once and pulled out the colt, double checking the single round left, "They'll never see us coming. Trust me. Now, weapons check. We're on the move in five."
"What Earth is that supposed to be?" Dean asked the question they were all thinking, rubbing at his ear which still hurt from the annoying sound.
Harbinger explained, "In your universe the stories of these people are inspired by the real people you see before you. Much the same way you yourselves inspired many books in your own reality if I recall correctly."
“Oh, uh, if I can have one of those without losing an appendage.” Ray reached for a Batarang which Kate all but tossed in his face. “Oh, so cool!” Ray’s face lit up like a kid on Christmas. He turned the little silver bat over and over in his hands, “Incredibly balanced. Carbon fiber?”
“What did you do?” Kate took in this new information and slowly turned her head to her cousin, her stance dangerous.
“When Krypton was destroyed I never thought I would never see them again. Then we found Argo and the mountains, they were still there. After everything my people had endured and all the hardships I’d faced they were still standing. Now they’re really gone.” Kara quickly wiped at the wetness on her face, “Oh you think I’d be done crying by now?” She took off her glasses and held them in a clenched hand atop the viewscreen, “OK…” After a steady beat, “I think I’m ready.”
J'onn surveyed the heroes and hunters, the atmosphere of hope that permeated the ship after finding the Paragon of Truth had completely withered away, "We cannot stay on this course. With two Paragons dead we need a new plan."
Down in the city the earthquakes had split apart the streets. People dove and raced for cover while huge chucks of concrete and glass rained from the sky.
Kara gulped. But it wasn’t enough. Not for her. All those people were now homeless, just as she was when Krypton was destroyed. With a sigh she raised her head seeing matching sadness and loss on everyone’s faces in the room, “I’m sorry. You all have lost so much today. And Sam you’re right, saving all those people it’s not nothing.” Abruptly she stood and began pacing, “There has to be a way we can undo this. Oliver, my mom, Argo, Earth” To Sam, “Your Earth. Ooh all those Earths, all those people who vanished. There has to be a way we can get them back.”
Passing by an empty gas station J’onn pointed at a word scrawled across the ruins in red. Blood or paint? Who knew. “Croatoan? As in…”
“Hope you guys are ready,” Came Sara’s voice over the ship’s loudspeakers, “Cause the Waverider is back in business.”
Cas finally wrenched his gaze from Dean's body. The man hadn't been his Dean, but it still hurt, "Lucifer." Cas coldly greeted the other angel.
No one even noticed the Monitor was present until he spoke, “He fought to his last breath. Knowing every moment was another life saved.”
Mick seemed to remember himself and threw a stack of papers on top of the typewriter defensively, “I was watching porn.”
“Oli did it for me,” Sara sighed, the hard lines of her face that she wore like a battle mask since Oliver died softened around the edges, “He went into purgatory and pulled me out. And maybe I was better off where I was. Who knows? My memories from right before he pulled my soul out are hazy... but I think I was in heaven. I know that I was happy. But if I’d have stayed gone there’s so much I would have missed. I didn’t truly begin to live my life until after I died. I owe Oli for that.”
Sam nodded slightly proud of how impressed she sounded, “Yeah the last few years or so. It’s been the closest to a home we’ve had since our adopted father Bobby’s house. Dean’s favorite place besides the gun range is the kitchen.”
"Is that so? You and I, our father made us mirrors of each other it seems. I could not love humanity. And you love them too much"
"Are you having a staring competition?" Barry uncrossed his arms and ran a hand over his forehead in exasperation. The two men didn't acknowledge Barry or break their eye contact. Finally Barry clapped his hands together loudly, startling two trench-coated men whose attention snapped to him with no small amount of ire on their parts. But hey it worked as they at last stopped tried to burn a hole in each other's heads with their eyeballs. They needed to get a move on, "We don't have a lot of time, so could you please take your smoke break later and maybe just do the spell?"
Dean hesitated for a second, then shoved off the door, “Yeah.” Frustration coloring his voice a bit shrill.
If only Castiel knew how right he was. This was the end. Cas tightened his grip on the wheel, only letting up when he felt the metal begin to warp and bend under his fingers. The four spent the rest of the drive in uneasy silence.
The Monitor confirmed her suspicions, “Earth-99 exists in a future time where Bruce Wayne has dedicated himself, body and soul, to fighting crime.”
“What happened to our Earth?” Mary asked, she remembered the rumbling and feeling like Jody’s house was going to fly apart. And the bright white light that hurt to look at.
As if his thought summoned him, making Dean wonder if he’d accidently sent out a prayer, Cas was standing right behind Dean. The angels own wide eyes matched his, as if just as surprised at his appearance as the hunter.
"Enough," Cas snapped at him, "You can lie to these people, you can even lie to yourself, but I know you, Dean. I've known you longer than any human in my very long life. You can't lie to me."
"Doing reconnaissance. I'm headed to check on them now." Harbinger answered and turned her palms upwards. Light radiated from her chest and she was gone.
Sara looked down at what used to be and, God willing, would be her friend again. She couldn’t fail him, “That isn't Oliver yet.”
“Look,” Kate’s face pinched in pain before deciding to be vulnerable for the first time in a long time, “A day ago, I didn't think my life could get any worse. My sister murdered my stepmom and framed my dad for it.”
“I can't, I can't.” Kara followed suit and backed away arms up, like the drink was holding a weapon on her, “Barry's right. This feels like giving up.” She plopped herself down on a couch. For her even one person lost was one to many. How was she supposed to deal with the fact that at least four billion people on her earth died? Much less the countless Earths that had vanished before hers? To top it all off she hadn’t even known this Crisis was coming. Some hero she was turning out to be.
“I don’t remember asking you. And do your parents know you’re out this late kid?” Dean stood and crossed to Barry, bracing his hand on the back of his chair and leaning in close to his face.
The jeep swerved haphazardly to the side. J'onn lunged forwards out of the back seat to grab the wheel, just barely keeping the jeep on the road.
Constantine scrambled back and at that sound the body whirled around. It was Oliver, but it was not. There was a crazed and feral glaze to his eyes. A growl escaped his lips and he ran forward.
Constantine lit his cigarette and took a long draw before finally acknowledging Sara, “I'll do it.” His words came out curt and he pulled himself free, but only because the assassin allowed it.
Barry sat down beside Cas but didn’t say anything only allowing his open expression to prompt the angel to continue.
“How did this happen Castiel?” J’onn picked his way carefully through a hole in the fence that was so rusted and worn down it couldn’t have kept anyone in or out if it tried.
Barry suddenly stood up straight, he exchanged glances with J'onn and Cas. The implication of such a weapon didn't escape the three. What if they could use it on the Anti-Monitor?
“He’s attempting to hammer out a sequel.” The ship’s voice suddenly said and Cas inwardly kicked himself at being startled again. At least he hadn’t physically jumped.
Relief was short lived. More demons spilled into the foyer, and even more swirled around the windows, just outside. One new and improved batarang wouldn’t be enough to deal with this.
Kara lowered her glasses, seeing the room in her x-ray vision. When she found what she was looking for she nudged Dean and glanced meaningfully over at the bookcase.
“I will.” Cas said. And when did he get so close to Dean? “And you be safe.” Cas said stepping closer which Dean hadn’t thought possible but he wasn’t complaining.
“That’s good,” Dreamer lead Sam over to a railing that looked out over the vast central park area where hundreds, if not thousands of citizens were bunching together.
Cas grunted and stood up straight, hefting the piece of debris to the floor with an ease the bellied the angel's strength.
Dean smirked knowingly at his brother and tilted his head in Kara’s direction, wagging his eyebrows.
“I need the two of you to be the ones to save us.” Oliver clutched both of their hands. Letting go he blindly reached for his daughter, “Mia?”
The trench-coated man narrowed his eyes at Alex and lifted his hand, palm out. His eyes began to glow not unlike Kara's, and yet Kara didn't think lasers would about to come shooting out. She had a hunch it was something much worse. She tensed, intending to cover Alex with her body and cape.
Too quickly they were becoming overwhelmed. One demon flew straight into Oliver’s chest, knocking him to the ground.
“As if you could find it.” The voice, as they all came to realize was in fact the ship’s, bit back sarcastically.
It was beautiful honestly. No one present could deny that. A sort of calm settle over those gathered. The Galaxies spun lazy on their axis’s, this visual representing billions upon billions of planets and countless lives from across the multiverse.
Barry ran a palm over his tired eyes and settles his hands on his hips. He was so tired. "Yeah, I don't want to put all out bets on the Monitor's plan if you ask me."
Cas knelt down next to Dean's body. Gingerly he uncurled Dean's fingers from around the colt and settled the weapon in his coat pocket. The last bullet had yet to be fired, maybe with this weapon they would have a chance. With one last brush of his fingers across the human's forehead Cas stood and resolutely faced away from the scene. He had to keep going.
“Brainy calculated that Earth 1, Oliver’s Earth, is the last Earth on the wave’s trajectory.” Alex gestured for the four to follow her back into the briefing room, “Team One is going to send as many ships through in the time we have while Team Two defends the Quantum Tower.”
"You were. But how many times have they reprogrammed you? How many times have you been rebooted? You always had a crack in your chassis. Just like me."
“We still got billions to safety.” Sam hesitantly put a comforting hand on her shoulder, “That’s not nothing.”
In the face of the hunter's anger Harbinger did not flinch, not an easy feat. Calmly she spoke, knowing every moment counted. "The antimatter wave is burning through reality at the speed of light. By the time I arrived the wave had already consumed half of your planet." Harbinger said with sympathy. Then turning she addressed all the heroes, "This threat is bigger than any one universe, any one earth. I've brought you all to Earth-38 because this is where the Monitor wants you to make your stand. This universe is the tipping point. If we don't stop the antimatter wave here, it will continue to the next universe, and the next and the next...until it has obliterated not only every Earth, but everything...across all reality."
Kara glared at the tower. Now this was something she could punch, "I'll handle it." She growled out and everyone took a cautious step back as she began to hover in the air.
In a few more minutes Barry's leg's would be completely healed. Hopefully they had a few more minutes. Cas knew he had to stall, or at least keep his brother's attention on himself, "I remember when Father first created humanity and how much you hated them, even then. I remember when you corrupted Cain. I remember it all because I was there."
“The hell it is.” Hex gave a futile shove at Sara which only made her press the knife against his face. His eyes bugged out of his head.
The second Kara saw her cousin and Lois she almost let her guard down, desperate to crush them in a hug if only to reassure herself that they were really there. But the three strangers between Batwoman and Oliver drew weapons. The tallest and the one in a trench coat each held a strangely shaped silver daggers and the third an old revolver aimed right at Alex's head.
"Why?" Dean's mind went a hundred horrible directions. He didn't get time to consider any of the admittedly many horrible options because…
“Or I will raise your ass and kill you myself.” Dean if at all possible, tightened his grip on the angel.
“No it’s ok,” Kara held her hand up, “I get it. I really do. You just lost everything you’ve ever known and now you’re on a strange Earth with strange people who are asking for your help. That would be a lot, for anyone. And it’s ok to not be ok.”
“I’ll be right here.” Sam placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, “I know you’re strong enough to kick my ass into next Thursday but I’m here if you need someone to lean on.”
"I couldn't help but noticed your merry gang is down a Paragon too." Luthor quipped from his containment forcefield.
Dean jumped up from the stool he'd been resting on and all but launched himself at the angel. Dean found their reunion an echo of the time he'd nearly died to stop the darkness. Cas had desperately grabbed at him then just as he did now, to reasure himself that the hunter was still alive. Dean could only ponder a guess at what occurred on Earth 14.
"Sam?" Barry felt sick at the sight of one brother killing the other. He didn't know the hunter well but even he could tell that whatever this was, its wasn't the Sam he knew. But it didn't matter who or what this was, the Paragon was dead. They had been too late.
“I saw you back there with Earth-14 Dean and now this version of you… and its clear that something is going on.”
The Superman that was his doubleganger, aside from his sky blue eyes, smiled and shook his head, "No, not that I'm aware of."
“You guys have a bunker?” Kara said as she and Sam came to a stop at the entrance to the mess hall while Dean rushed inside.
A little while later Kara was the only one left on the bridge while the others prepped for their missions. Having long since changed back into her civilian clothes she’d hoped it would put her more at ease. Right now her suit jacket felt like it was choking her, her pants were constricting and her glasses felt uncomfortably like a mask. The little reminder of Oliver made her insides ache. She was working herself up and she knew it.
“Sara…” Barry said with tears making tracks down his cheeks. Slowly he nodded, “I’ll do it. I’m sorry. I just miss him so much.”
"They trust me to kill the Devil and to save the world and that's exactly what I'm gonna do." Dean still didn't know what J'onn was, but he was obviously more than human and someone he never wanted to piss off again.
“Heaven doesn’t give me orders anymore. I make my own choices.” Cas’s voice was low and gravely as he met Dean’s gaze from across the room.
At last Cas raised his head, “You have quite the insight into how the human heart works Barry Allen.”
"Kara I couldn't even get close to him," Barry swallowed around a sob, he was in pain, stressed, and hopeless, "All he did was snap his fingers and I was powerless." He threw his arm outwards, "How can we go up against beings like that? What chance do we have in this Crisis?"
The hairs on the back of Cas's neck prickled. Dean was right. They were too close to Lucifer for it to be this quiet.
Kate came to lean against the table beside Kara and bumped her shoulder in solidarity, “Well I haven’t even met the guy and I want to punch him.”
To this the Monitor only raised an eyebrow, “I have only descriptions for the other three paragons. One is of a second Kryptonian, who is said to have suffered a greater loss than most mortal men could endure. Today, he stands as the Paragon of Truth.”
But as fast as Batman was, he was no match for a Batwoman twenty years his junior. Going high she landed a kick directly to his chest.
“Mementos from Batman's greatest victories.” The fond way Luke regarded the glass case made Dean’s stomach roll.
Cas watched Oliver and Mia and he felt a twinge in his chest for another young woman with blonde hair. His vessel’s daughter had been on him mind often since the start of the crisis and, although not his own child, he wished more than anything he could have saved her.
Sam placed his huge hand on her shoulder, “Look after my dumb big brother,” he said aiming for humor but worry bled through to his face.
"Barry?" Cas gripped his blade a little tighter, ready to move at a second's notice and risked a glance away from his brother.
“If we could all keep that to ourselves, that'd be great.” By Kate’s expression if she’d had a batarang on her person it would currently be flying towards Ray’s face this very second.
Back on the battlefield Barry raced to a stop. No. No. This was happening all too fast for the fastest man alive.
“Wait,” Kara had a sudden idea, “If the book can rewrite destiny, can it bring back Earth-38 or any of the other Earths?”
Cas' made his choice then and there, "Heaven and Hell may have given up on these people but I won't."
If Barry's question offended Castiel he didn't show it, he just shrugged his scrawny shoulders, "I'm not an angel anymore."
Clark could only shake his head. The tears that Kara had somehow restrained up till now spilled over and Clarks arms were around her again, only this time holding her up. She pressed her face into the crock of his neck.
“With the worlds ending and the pillars of magic crumbling I need a, boost of sorts.” Constantine smirked eyeing Cas like a fine piece of steak, “And there’s no better charge than straight from a good old angel battery.”
Cas’s head snapped down to the floor when he realized what the speedster was implying, his whole body became tense light a taunt bowstring, “No.”
"How are we supposed to know that, huh? I don't know you." The man all but got in her face, towering over her.
However diminutive them name sounded the three men recognized the name and instantly stood down their defensive postures.
Bruce slowly marched towards Kara, the gleam in his eye predatory, “Clark.” His spit the name out causing Kara to flinch, “Clark always said yes to anyone with a badge or a flag. He gave them too much power,” With each word the volume of his voice rose. “My parents taught me a very different lesson dying in the gutter. Life only makes sense if you force it to.” Suddenly his gloved hand wrapped itself around Kara neck and he heaved her upwards and threw her into Dean.
Barry's fingers were a blur as he tapped away on his device, "Estimates have the wave hitting Earth in approximately four minutes."
Mia’s words died in her mouth. Barry futility comforted her as she clung to her father’s body. Sara bit hard into her lip and turned her face away, then ran straight out of the room. Clark knew how close his family had come to being reduced to that and he held them all that much tighter. Kara walked numbly backwards until her back hit a wall.
“Look at that kitchen,” Dean shouted into one of the open doorways, “it’s bigger than the one at our bunker!”
And there was the crux of the matter. For the last several months Cas wanted to fall for a second time, had been planning to do so. This Castiel never had a choice in the matter.
Cas tugged one last time and let his arm hang with a sigh, “I’m familiar with the concept. Dean we have traveled here because we need your help.”
She covered he child with her body and let out a scream, waiting for the blow. When it didn't come she tentatively lowered her arms. J'onn was at her side in an instant and helped her to her feet.
“I can tell,” Kara let a laugh escape her watching Dean flit from the industrial sized grills to the massive refrigerator. Kara had to admit it was a pretty amazing set up. The few times she’d been aboard the Waverider she’d been in full on crisis mode, no pun intended. So, she’d never been able to enjoy anything as simple a meal. Maybe once this was all over she could rectify that.
“Was wondering when you boys were gonna show up.” Another woman walked up with two girls, one with long dark hair and the other with blonde, tucked under her arms.
“The Anti-Monitor must have emptied all the circles of Hell.” Cas came up next to Mia with Dean at his side.
Then to the angel, "Through the strength of your convictions Castiel, you forged for yourself that which no angel has ever done before, your own free will, giving up your home, your family and your very sense of being in the process. You have given up everything for the survival of humanity. You Castiel, are the Paragon of Freedom."
"I'm sorry. It must be painful, speaking to me in this shape and after..." Lucifer glanced pointedly at Dean's still form, "But it had to be Sam and Dean. It had to be." He gracefully came to a stop before Cas and reached to put a hand on Cas's shoulder. Cas gasped and pulled away. Lucifer's eyebrows furrowed in hurt and he closed his hand inches from his brother. "You don't have to be afraid of me, Castiel. What do you think I'm going to do?"
Barry took a step forwards, reaching as far as he could into the speed force, gathering the lighting and energy into himself. He ran, placing one foot in front of the other, his chest buzzing with electricity. The few insects hovering in the air came to a standstill and the scene before him froze.
The inner bowels of the sanatorium were devoid of all signs of life. The only evidence that anyone had been in the halls recently were the smoking bullet holes that gouged the concrete walls and floors.
Dreamer was leaning forward with her arms outstretched, brow creased in concentration. With a huff she straightened, “You’re welcome.” She smiled.
Distracted as they were no one had noticed what had transpired outside until Mia spoke up, "Ah, what are we going to do about this new problem?" She stared wide eyed at the brown and gold gargantuan spire that had been the cause of the earthquake as it erupted from the ground. It shoved its way upwards, cracking the ground apart.
"All right." Oliver snapped, the stress getting to him. Even after months of preparation he didn't feel ready in the slightest, "So we are going to need a bigger team. Where's Barry? Where are the Legends?"
“No it’s not,” Cas reached out, skimming his fingers over the car’s roof. The old impala was no longer black, it was pitted and dented and didn’t even have three of it’s wheels. Growing up and through the engine were vines and the seats inside the previously immaculate interior were slashed and cut. Cas’s Dean would have never allowed such ruin to come to his most prized and beloved car, “This is bad.”
As the three passed an alley way they found corpses that had been piled up. Clearly someone had tried to burn the bodies. Barry paused and gulped at the sight, calling to mind his time under the thrall of Bloodwork and how close Central City come to devastation like this, then noticing the others had continued onwards he raced to catch up.
Kate knocked on the thick oak door. Of all the things the three expected to answer, it wasn’t a young, handsome black man with his shirt completely unbuttoned like a playboy.
Dean’s good mood at finding their family alive was only boosted when the jump ship deposited Kara, Cas and hunters aboard the Waverider. The second his feet hit the bulkhead floors Dean couldn’t stop running his hands along the sleek walls.
“You got the wrong guy. I…” He paused taking in the three and how far they’d come. Throwing his hands up he made for the door.
“You can’t just hijack the Waverider!” Ray’s protest echoed into the room followed shortly by the Monitor and Ray bounding behind him, “Our crew is still on there.”
“Kara, Clark, Barry, Help contain the damage.” Oliver ordered and they took off, then to his new allies, “Castiel.”
Kara smiled at being allowed to use the angel’s nickname, “Ok, Cas then.” Kara said adjusting her glasses, “I was going to check up on Dreamer and J’onn to see how the refugee camps were setting in. We still need to do a head count of how many actually managed to make it through. Do you want to come?”
“Yes.” Bruce smiled with relief, “Go on. Let it end. Let it all end. This world's not worth saving in any universe!” He tensed to take another shot at where Kara laid helpless on the ground.
“Dean what?” Kara asked again, exasperated when the eldest Winchester didn’t answer and only continued to point at the fridge.
“I have to talk to Dean about this.” Cas turned on his heel but halted when his doubleganger laughed a full belly laugh that brought him up short. Slowly he turned around to face himself.
“He was my friend too!” Sara growled right back, refusing to backdown. They were both hurting and she needed to remember that. It took a lot of self-control to keep her anger in check. “Everyone going on this mission is going because they cared about Oliver and want to bring him back.”
"I have planned. There are those who say I have schemed. But the time for preparation has passed. The Crisis is now upon us all."
“That’s not your decision to make!” Dean shouted at the biter old man, suddenly seeing a younger version of himself from another future in Bruce’s place.
Sammy ran a hand over his face. He'd just gotten his mother back and now… he shut his eyes tight, not wanting or able to go there yet.
They all ran out, still on edge for any possible threat. A ship unlike any of the alien ones from Earth 38 exited a portal over the park and hovered above the main tent.
Beneath her fingertips Argo shattered apart in the face of the Antimatter Wave. Even witnessing it before in real time didn’t soften the agonizing blow and it was all she could do to keep from physically falling down.
He delivered the news that Superman’s son had been sucked into the future on a parallel Earth. Sara and Lois left with Brainy to find the child while Oliver managed to convince Clark to stay behind and guard the tower.
Oh! Oh no. Cas knew that look. Cas had seen that look when he first met Dean, not in the abandoned barn like the human remembered. The angel recognized the look from the very first moment that he came across Dean's soul in the pit, when he'd been elbows deep in another soul, his gleeful face smeared with blood.
“I’m just a little weak, that’s all.” Cas brushed away his concern. But Dean doubted him, no matter how hard Dean hugged him, there was no way he should have ever been strong enough to cause the angel discomfort. Not unless he was far more human than angel now. Dean didn’t have much more time to wonder as the rest of the team made it to their position.
The jostling of the jeep had it's occupants grabbing at the door handles and bracing their arms against the interior to keep from being thrown about.
“There is a crisis coming,” J’onn had had enough and stood abruptly, his body glowed red as he phased through his restraints, “And time is running out, for us all.”
“Hahhhhh!!” Water exploded outwards as a body launched itself high into the air with an animalistic scream.
"I'm sorry," Lucifer tilted his head to the side, eyes traveling up and down the Martian's form, "I know that our power can be," His mouth twisted up into a mockery of a soft smile, "overwhelming. You've come a long way to see this, haven't you? Some more than others." he nodded at J'onn, "I have not seen one of your kind in an age."
“Dad?” Mia called out, even in this state her father should know her of all people. Right? Her voice was full of hope which only grew when Oliver started towards her. The hope on her face quickly changed to confusion and then fear when he didn’t slow down his advance, his gait particularly predatory. In this situation Mia was quite literally a deer caught in the head lights.
Ah, there it was. “Are you intoxicated?” Cas towered over his alternate self, which was not an easy feat given they were exactly the same height. Even with Cas’s dulled sense of smell, courtesy of being an angel, this man reeked.
“Looks like you could use some help.” Barry skidded to a stop and helped Dean off the ground with a grin.
A woman in blue appeared out of thin air in front of them, her arms out stretched wide. Dean slammed on the brakes and the car skidded to a stop. A bright light blinded them and they disappeared.
“Oh Sam,” Kara said suddenly standing, hand outstretched to lend any comfort she could to him. When the brothers had said they’d been hunters they didn’t give much else to go off of. She still knew precious little about their lives before the Crisis began.
Dean opened his mouth to throw something back but closed it when the angel’s serious face broke and mirth leaked through.
“We're not gonna wait for Barry?” Kara hung her head morosely. If anybody should be here it should be him, he was after all Oliver’s closest friend besides Diggle.
A car burns hot, devouring the asphalt beneath it and the masked killers inside it. Looking onwards a Robin and a Hawk breathe deeply. Their injuries painful but not life threatening. They would have been sore tomorrow. If only there was to be a tomorrow. The sky bleeds and the two heroes only have enough time to catch sight of the destruction before they cease to exist along with Earth 9.
“This is a highway!” Barry exclaimed spinning around. Now he could see it, a semi straight line of cars spread out both in front and behind them. Both lanes were taken up by vehicles heading in the same direction. At some point they must have crossed out of the trial they’d been following but he couldn’t pinpoint exactly when.
“Thanks man.” Ray eyed the knife with fascination, “Say when this is all over think I could take a look at that?”
Kate and Ray stood towards the back of the room while Barry and Mia paced anxiously. There was still one member of their team missing.
Cas could only muster a halfhearted smile in return. He gently placed his palm on the hunter's arm, letting his grace flood across Dean's skin and stitched the tissue back together. After the hunter was healed Cas left his hand linger on Dean's arm.
At last a rippling blue portal appeared. Oliver was deposited with a wet gurgle atop an empty med bed. His face was a ruined patchwork of cuts and his chest was a mess, deep rivets of blood leaked out onto the bed.
Sam had taken up pacing back and forth across the cavern. This waiting was grating. “Is this supposed to be an instantaneous thing or…?”
"I said the path to Earth 99 and Earth 14 would lead you to the Paragons, and that has come to pass." The Monitor stepped up to Kate, "You are the Bat of the future, Kate Kane. You stood up to your last remaining relative and mentor to do that which you knew to be right. You are the Paragon of Courage."
Cas knew there were more people nearby, he could sense it. Even leaving those afflicted by the Croatoan virus to such a fate weighed heavily on him.
“Yes. Dean and Sam were predestined since birth to be the vessels of both Michael and Lucifer. To be their swords in the final battle that would defeat hell and create peace on Earth.” Cas said and made his way across.
A figure jumped from their hiding place and slammed a hand down onto the hood of the car. Once the hand made contact with the metal a previously invisible sigil burned bright yellow and Cas heard his compatriots scream before he too felt the pain they must have been feeling. And then his consciousness went dark.
Cas shifted his shoulders under Lucifer's prying eyes, shame, and sadness that he felt any shame at all spread red across his vessel's cheeks. He felt as if Lucifer was plucking the feathers from his wings one by one. That his estranged brother could see so deeply into the closest guarded corners of his mind rattled him.
Ray as always was a little ball of sunshine, “Oh! Neato!” he said earning himself an eyeroll from Mia and Dean. “Well, come on guys it makes sense. Captain of time travel and all that.”
Kara punched her fist through the glass and took her cousin’s glasses. The broken plastic she pressed to her heart was more precious than all the riches in the world. In any world. No way was she leaving all that was left of this Earth’s Kal in the house of a madman.
When Dean looked her way Kara shook her head, "Nope, you're going to the med bay, period." Then to the rest of the gathered heroes, "We still only have three Paragons. Bruce Wayne wasn't the Paragon of anything, so… Whoa, Ray?" Kara only now noticed the Superman from Earth 96. "You are looking jacked."
“Her smile, her love. She is someone I want to slow down for.” Distantly Barry was brought back to a conversation he and Oliver had in a bar almost a year ago, “People like us, we’re always going to struggle with our humanity. But having people like my Iris, like Dean, it just makes staying human all that more worth it. You found someone to care for, someone to fight for. That’s a rare thing for people like us. It what keeps us on a hero’s journey.”
Completely out of place were J'onn, Barry and Cas who hung a ways back behind where Castiel was sitting, well more like slumped. The sight of a Cas, all clean cut and so obviously still an angel, had most the men and women present wound tight. Several kept their hands on their guns tucked into the waist bands. It also didn't help that Barry had used his speed so openly. More than a few suspicious looks were sent J'onn's way. While he'd not displayed any abilities or inhuman qualities, the man's stoic demeanor radiated an alien power that they couldn't place but feared non the less. In this world anything not human was a threat and Dean's orders alone kept the three from being riddled with bullets.
"And now I'm powerless." The rage in Castiel's tone slowly bled out leaving only a sad human in its wake, "I'm hapless, I'm hopeless. I mean, why the hell not bury myself in women and decadence, right? It's the end, baby. That's what decadence is for. Why not bang a few gongs before the lights go out? But then that's, that's just how I roll."
“Here,” Dean gently pushed her aside, “I got this.” The confidence in his posture rose as he took a step back and shoved his full body weight against the door… Which he bounced right off of, “Huh mmm?” He rubbed his side in pain and threw himself against the door again. Then he tried the door handles, which Kate had just done thank you very much. If Kate’s eyes had lasers Dean would have been a burnt and smoking pile of ash. Finally, pride wounded, he rested his back against the unmoving entrance and raised his head to the two women, “I don’t got this.”
Hours later the three seemed to be no closer to any sort of encampment. Barry had offered to superspeed around as it would be infinitely quicker. However, Cas warned that such a display of power would likely bring the unwanted attention of demons or angels that could be lurking nearby. Likewise, Cas refrained from flying overhead as any human survivors would undoubtably be hiding behind sigils that would render his sight useless. Nope, they would have to do this the long, hard, and human way.
Sam flinched, water sprayed into his face and the body landed on the balls of its feet. A feat that should have been impossible.
Cas jolted as this was not at all what he expected to come out of Barry mouth, “I don’t know what you mean?”
“Nooooo! Nonono.” Dean trailed off and suddenly found something very interesting about the way the floor went together.
Dean still wasn't convinced, "How do you know?" His hand straying to his hip where his gun usually would be.
"The rest of the angels just left this Earth." Cas said feeling a hole where the voices of the angels usually sat in his head. Now there was only silence. They just abandoned their Father's creation. How could they?
“My son.” Harbinger’s face pinched in worry and for the first time Sam and Dean saw that this woman was just as much an unwillingly participant caught up in all this as the rest of them.
Author's Note: If you like please consider leaving a comment. I love hearing from readers. You all make doing this worth it. Enjoy this chapter, its a bit long this time :).
“Oh he knows. He just doesn’t care what I do all that much anymore. Besides Dean’s gone. Like way gone.” Castiel stumbled into a table littered with half filled whiskey bottles and poured three fingers into a mirky glass.
“Alright,” Dreamer turned around and waved at the crowd, “Everybody this way. Let’s get into the ship.”
"Lucifer is here." Dean unrolled a stained map and jabbed a finger at a section a few dozen miles away from the encampment, "Now. I know the block and I know the building."
The Caravan had parked and unloaded three miles back and hiked through the woods the rest of the way. Dean brought his crew to a stop in the sanatorium's parking lot, using the cars left behind as cover.
"We are not even sure if the Colt would work on him either." J'onn supplied, "The Monitor seems to believe that the Paragons are our best and only chance to save the multiverse."
“Sammy,” Dean said quietly, “We’ve done far worse for far less. Maybe this plan had something to it.”
The first group disappeared in a flash of light. All across the park, down every street and atop every building that same thing was happening. Sam couldn’t help the moment of real awe, people were actually being beamed up into spaceships! “Its like something out of Star Trek.” He grinned, then at Dreamer’s expression, “Please tell me that’s a thing here to.”
“The Monitor restored my grace.” Cas said answering his unspoken question. Dean didn’t miss how absolutely miserable the angel seemed about that.
Cas turned around to find the Monitor barely five feet away from himself. How the being had gotten so close to him unnoticed the angel could only blame on his failing grace.
Harbinger only raised her eyebrow, “First we focus on stopping it from happening to every other universe.”
Kate cleared her throat, "As fascinating as all this is aren't there more pressing issues right now?"
Reality slowed down around him. Barry watched the air ripple behind the bullet. While unable to move as fast as the speedster Cas easily tracked Barry's movements with his keen angel eyes. Yellow lightning outlined Barry's form and dust kicked up in his wake, the plumes nearly motionless compared to the speed Barry was moving at. In quite literally no time at all Barry was between the man and Dean, grabbing the bullet out of the air.
All that were left were Oliver, Dean and Cas. They closed ranks. Oliver knelt, dealing out arrows while the hunter and angel cut and stabbed.
Kara and Kata exchanged startled looks. Heaven? Of course, how could they have forgotten that the unassuming guy having drinks with them was a real honest to God Angel.
Sam blanched, just as grossed out as she was, “I don’t wanna know,” and he knelt to begin removing planks of wood that had been haphazardly tossed over the small pit of water, “We'll clear this out. “
And not just there. Parking lots outside of shops and offices filled with their employees while school yards filled with children. And buzzing in the air around the city like huge insects were hundreds of ships, none looking quite like the other. Each clearly built by a different race and culture and all heeding the call to unite to save the planet’s inhabitants.
Claire and Alex converged on Kara. Mary took that opportunity to pull Jody and her boys, and yes Cas counted as one of her boys, to the side to talk.
Earth-14 Castiel beamed at the three visitors, his attention drawn understandably to the near mirror image of himself, “Hey,” He walked closer and poked Cas in the chest, “You’re me, but you’re not me! Woah.”
"Hey, I tried to stop but you lot insisted with Alastair," Dean threw back nonchalantly but Cas caught the minute clenching of his jaw and the tightening of his eyes.
Castiel survived the location, "Oh, good. It's right in the middle of a hot zone." He noted flippantly.
“So this is the apocalypse?” Barry eyed their surroundings. He honestly didn’t know what to expect, hordes of the undead or maybe raining fire. A volcano would have been a nice touch. This town was just… empty.
Kara ripped her glasses off. It took her a few moments and then, “There!” She shouted, pointing to the floor, “She’s down in the Batcave with Bruce.”
“It’s on it’s way.” Oliver picked his way across the rubble, as always mindful of his surroundings. After all Ra’s A’l Ghul taught him many valuable lessons. Every dark corners held the potential to hide any number of creatures. He tiled his head towards his daughter, not breaking his concentration, “Remember, Mia, whatever happens find your mother. Tell her how much I love her.” His voice was deep and full of regret.
A breach appeared depositing J'onn, and limping Barry and Cas. On the other side of the portal where they'd just came from could be seen the camp down in Central City. The three waved at the people behind them, one child in particular watching Cas with rapt attention, then the breach closed.
“So Luthor,” Sam said jerking a thumb over his shoulder, “He’s an even bigger dick than in the comics. I didn’t think that was possible.”
"And if we are going to be working to together," Batwoman slid off her cowl, "I guess you should all just call me Kate."
"It's alright," Cas held his hands up to calm her, "I wont hurt you." Opening his arms, the little girl sniffled and ran to him. Gingerly he picked her up and flew back to the portal, the near instantaneous change of local scaring the small girl, but she clung to him tight all the same.
When the light died away Cas stood up straight. Holding his hands in front of his face he could see his grace swirling just under his vessel’s skin, as strong as the day he first descended into Hell to rescue the righteous man. A familiar weight settled on his back, one he hadn’t felt in years. Flexing his now healed and whole wings he stared at the Monitor in disbelief.
The air filled with arrows, lasers and bataragnes. One demon was about to get the drop on Ray when a serrated knife pieced its chest, orange light flickered behind its eyes and it exploded revealing Dean wielding the blade.
The med room at Star labs was filled to bursting. The second Dean and Sam appeared the two bothers locked each other in a tight embrace. The older never the wiser on how close his little brother came to death, and Sam would have it kept that way. When Cas arrived through his portal the angel found himself crushed between the Winchesters. Nearby Kara and Clark held each other, unsure of their home’s fate, or the fate of their loved ones. Kara’s face was blank.
“Beings of the purest will, who can ultimately defeat the Anti-Monitor and help save the multiverse. They are known as Paragons.”
Looking over his shoulder at the man he could have become given the wrong circumstances Cas yanked the door open and strode out. In the few feet it took for him to reach the edge of the porch Cas couldn't help a little self-reflection that up till now he'd been putting off. Was this version of himself really all that bad? This Castiel never ripped open Purgatory. This Castiel never laid waste to Heaven. This Castiel never let the Devil ride shotgun in a futile attempt to kill the darkness. Most of all this Castiel never betrayed Dean, never left him. Maybe this Castiel wasn't the Bizzaro version, maybe he was.
At the start of the death conversation Sara had poured herself another shot. The assassin’s experiences with death and the Death totem were not a pleasant ones to say the least, “Hey I was dead once for sixth months, soo…” She leaned her head back and gulped the whisky down winching at the bite of the alcohol, “not my best moment.”
Except for Sara who was no where to be seen. There had been mention of her trying to find a way to bring back Oliver.
Dean’s eyes widened seeing all the possibilities of the other worlds. The battle on Earth-38 and the search for the Paragons. He saw Oliver’s death and the heroes assembled to fight. And finally he bore witness to the Crisis coming for them all in the shape of a devastating light wave that filled his vision to overflowing and destroyed everything in its path. With a strangled yell Dean tore away from J’onn and fell to his knees.
Barry groaned as he came to, an ache that was becoming all too familiar settling in his joints. The collective grunts of pain he heard coming from J'onn and Cas meant they were also in the same boat, "if I never see another sigil in my life I'll die happy." Barry shook out his head, dispelling some of the fog, the ringing in his ears died down to a more manageable decibel.
The three came to a stop just outside a fence barrier the surrounded the outskirts of the city. Beat up and dented signs mounted in several meter increments all along the barrier read, “Quarantine No Entry. August 1
Sara and Mia being the closest to the pool were flung to the ground. Sara threw her hands over her face and missed the fist coming her way until it collided with her chest and knocked the air out of her lungs. She collapsed to the ground.
Dean cushioned her fall and rolled her shoulders up, stunned at the ease Batman used to strike Kara. Concern flooded through him when the kryptonian trembled and collapsed against him. Green glowing veins snaked across her neck and face. The hunter immediately recognized what was happening and knew they were in trouble.
“All right.” Constantine pulled an extrapolator from his pocket and reactivated the portal, “We'll go get Oliver.” He nodded at Mia who followed him through.
Sam froze, bracing for the painful impact. Spirals of blue light collided with the debris which pulverized it into harmless pebbles that hardly hurt when they hit his head.
"It's lame." Dean threw back, "Why listen to that when you could listen to this?" and he cranked up his car's radio.
"And what will you do now that its all ending?" Lucifer only laughed. "This crisis is coming for all earths. They will all die. There will be no place for you in heaven or hell when this is all over. You destroyed yourself for nothing."
"No," The Monitor conceded this fact, finally tearing his attention from the screen to take in the hero and angel, "but you two are."
“Now wait a minute.” Dean backed up, he hated flying, and the little jaunt with Superman earlier had been more than enough. “I’m sure there are stairs somewhere. Woah!” he protested too late. In a flash Kara had the hunter in her arms and down the shaft.
Kara let out a strangled gasp, pulling back, “You did this? You brought that poisonous snake back?” She pointed accusingly at Lex, her whole hand shaking.
“Aliens man.” Dean couldn’t help but remember the little “alien incident” a few years ago that had really turned out to be fairies. Why couldn’t he have dealt with the real deal, it would have been so much cooler than the supernatural crap he faced on the daily.
Cas shifted, clearly uncomfortable, “Since the start of the crisis its been quiet. I can tell the angels are still there but they haven’t said anything since the screams.
"No you don't!" Dean was shaking his head before Cas finished his plea, "Everyone around me winds up dead or worse. Look what happened to this Cas. After his grace ran out, I didn't know what to do. He followed me around for weeks and I let him. Rather than insist that he stay in the camp I let him come along. and you know where that got him? He got caught by a few demons and he broke his foot. He almost died and couldn't walk for months. And I was the one to give him pain pills in the first place. Now look at him. At least if he's knees deep in boos and women, he's not out there trying to be a hero. At least he's not around me." Dean still couldn't meet Cas's gaze and had moved onto loading up ammo cartridges, his fingers quick but deft as they moved the bullets into place. "He's not an angel anymore and that's on me. He's outcast from his family and that's on me. He's now stuck in the f-ing apocalypse and that's because I didn't say yes to Michael. Every god damn bad thing that happened to him and this world is on me. I know it, he knows it, and you know it. And yet you both look at me like that, like I didn't ruin your lives."
“I get that. I really do. I came back soulless once and my brother didn’t stop until he put me back together. My brother and I should have stayed dead a dozen times over but we can’t let each other go.” Sam leaned back on his haunches, “And after all this time perhaps we should. There’s always consequences for playing with death. We have to think about the consequences of bringing Oliver back.”
The ground rumbled as Oliver took point, “We head inside stake out strategic positions. If we're fortified, we control the battle.”
“All right, get inside!” Sam ushered a group into the ship’s cargo hold. As he brought up the last family with him the ship’s captain, a man with yellow skin, stopped Sam.
“What’s all this?” Dean asked Luke in the same interrogating tone he used while impersonating the FBI.
However she couldn’t help but over hear with the Winchesters and Cas struggle to explain the Crisis. Jody let out a gasp when they got to the part where not only their Earth, but all the others were vanishing.
"Ok then," the tall one slid his dagger into his jacket, "Hello I'm Sam Winchester, this is my brother Dean. And this is…" he gestured to the man in the trench coat who'd come to hover particularly close to Dean's side.
Without a second to spare Kara came to and twisted them mid fall right before plowing into the concrete street. The ground lurched with the impact and debris flew high into the air.
Sam hesitantly raised his hand and when Sara didn’t move away he put it on her shoulder, “Whatever happens next I got your back,” he tightened his grip for emphasis.
"I need to call the president." Alex headed to the door, "There needs to be a contingency plan in place. Until then Brainy's algorithm will help forecast exactly how much time we have until the antimatter wave hits." Alex sucked in a huge breath, steeling herself.
Facing back around Dean hit the angel with all the anguish he could muster, “Sam said yes. And maybe I should have too.” Turing on his heel he stormed out. The door slammed in his wake, rattling in its hinges.
The man easily snatched it out of the air and flipped its cap, taking in a big gulp. Dean did the same and hoisted his can in the air as a toast to a job well done. All around cheers erupted while more joined in.
“Huh,” Castiel pressed a finger to his chin, abruptly swinging around and walking back into the center of the cabin’s main room. The three visitors exchanged confused glances and followed Castiel only to give a start when Castiel jumped back around to face them. An uneasiness settled in Cas’s gut.
“This is the future that was to come to pass if Dean said no to Michael.” Cas explained while holding the hole open for Barry, “This is what would have occurred had we not been able to thwart Lucifer and heaven’s plans.”
Cas felt shame rise up in the back of his throat. Alastair had been so long ago from his point of view and so much had happened since then that Cas hadn't given the yellow eyed demon a thought in years. But it had been Cas's fault, he had forced Dean to pick up the torturers blade once more. Back then he'd been following Heavens orders. Now he couldn't comprehend how he'd allowed Dean to not only face his torturer, but force Dean to do the very thing he hated himself most for from his time in Hell. Now Cas was forced to view the consequences of his actions, to view a Dean who'd become cold and hard due to the way life had broken him.
Uncomfortable now, Kara clasped her hands together and slowly eased further out onto the balcony. The warm open air was a fresh respite from the stifling room briefing room. “With everything that’s happened I bet no one had had a chance to check on you. You know, see how you are doing.”
Even Cas failed to hold back a smile at the younger Winchester’s face. Then the angel had to run to catch up with Dean when he jogged ahead of the group. The last thing Cas wanted was to lose sight of Dean, distracted as the hunter was.
The side of J’onn’s mouth tilted up in amusement, “Not exactly.” He pressed his fingers to Dean’s head and poured the Crisis into his mind.
“He’s hurting. Right now the last thing he needs is more self-destructive behavior.” J’onn solemnly. “I’m going to run a perimeter check,” He took in the fallen angel on the couch, feeling deep sympathy for the lost man and left with a sigh.
With Dean off on Earth-99 and Sam now on his mission there was only one thing to do. Cas pulled out the extrapolator that Kara had given him and headed down to the cargo hold. The Paragon of Freedom wasn’t going to find itself. Cas just wished he could kick the sinking feeling in his vessel’s gut that said things were about to go terribly, horribly wrong.
He was passing an open door when a gruff voice called out from inside, “What’s with the tax accountant get up?”
“Hello,” She greeted, stepping up behind where they were leaning on the railing, “Castiel.” The angel turned her way, “Thank you for protecting my cousin’s wife back there.”
"He's doing this!" J'onn felt the energy pouring off the angel, crackling angrily in the space around them.
“Of course,” Cas said like it was the most obvious thing every, “why would you think your planet was the only one with life?”
Dean surged forward only to be held back by Sam and Cas, “No Dean don’t.” Sam’s pleas were halfhearted as he clung to his wrist.
Leaning around Cas, Lucifer at last peered at Barry, sending a shiver down the speedster's spine. Even when facing Zoom and Savitar, Barry hadn't been this afraid, hadn't felt this outmatched.
Kara felt Alex's gentle grasp around her, not quite a hug but Kara knew it would only take a small glance from herself and her sister would wrap Kara in her strong arms and she would break. And if she broke, Kara didn't know how she would have the strength in herself to keep going. Looking around at all the agents scrambling for solutions, terrified out of their minds, Kara didn't have that luxury. These people were counting on her. Alex needed her. Her found family was still here on this Earth and, if it was the last thing she did, she would stop that wave from erasing it all. Alex tugged a little harder on her arm. Nodding her head Kara let Alex pull her forward, there was still work to do.
It never came. Cas met Dean’s relieved grin with his own, slightly taken aback by the warm expression on the hunter but enjoying it none the less. Johnathan gurgled happily and gazed up at Cas in awe. Idly Cas wondered if the little child was one of those special people able to see more of his true self than just the human vessel he was inhabiting. Tiny fingers curled around his tie and the baby’s eyes slid closed.
Receiving the psychic message J'onn clenched his fists and skirted around the two celestials. Once at Barry's side he hooked his arms around Barry's back, getting the young man on his feet. Once upright J'onn supported all of Barry's weight. Another audible snap had Barry biting the inside of his mouth in pain.
“Yeah. But only for a little while.” The wink the man gave oozed arrogance. It made Sam want to punch his smug little face.
Dean’s face lit up like a Christmas tree, “The Batcave?” he exclaimed in a whisper, then hissed when Kara kicked him in the shin to shut him up. Luke was still in the room for crying out loud.
This Dean noted this and felt the tips of his ears burning red. Licking his lips he grunted out, “You know me,” He said with his cocky side smile that had earned him numerous phone numbers over the years.
Before Kara had time to process all the horrible things she was feeling Dean’s fist whipped out and collided with Luke’s chin. The young man crumpled to the ground.
The four whirled around to see a very pissed off Mick hefting his heat gun, “I stole and hacked apart all that fair and square. That’s my collection.” He thrust his weapon at the still open fridge.
Dean violently threw the bag he'd just packed across the room where it collided with the floor loudly, causing Cas to flinch at the sudden outburst. "Damn it Cas! I know what you want from me and we're not having this conversation."
Dean’s face darkened, wanting to be done with this conversation and he faced away from her, looking out over the city.
“Thank you Dean,” Cas, Dean noticed, appeared ten times lighter, “The Monitor is sending me to Earth-14.”
If they were ever going to have a chance at surviving this someone needed to bridge that gap. Setting her resolve she cautiously approached the trio.
“Hello Castiel.” She crossed her arms across her chest, feigning nonchalance but everyone could see she was glad to see the angel. Then she froze in shock when she found herself wrapped in an embrace. Castiel was hugging her!
Kata looked at Kara, back to the door, back to Kara, “Nope. Uh-uh. Let's not make that weird. That’s weird.” Kate tried the door handle only to find it locked and groaned in frustration.
Sam was ready to jump into action but Hex’s finger never made contact with Sara’s face. Sara quickly gripped the wrist poised by her face in one hand while stopping the other arm that Sam had failed to notice wielding a knife in the other. Her foot swept Hex’s feet out from over him and as he fell Sara twisted his arms across each other and by the time Hex’s knees collided with the ground in a loud thump Sara had him pinned. The fight was over in seconds.
Bruce’s words hit a little to close to home for Dean. Wasn’t that exactly what he’d done when he’d met Cas. Sure it’d taken some time but something in him had made him trust the little nerdy angel. “I’ve dealt with my fair share of beings with extraordinary powers.” Dean squared his shoulders. “Some can be trusted,” he said thinking of Chuck, Garth, hell even Crowley had his moments.
“Thanks mate.” Constantine said while pulling hard on his coat to straighten it out and steeling his nerves.
“What did you need me for again?” Many aspects about this man Cas found wore on his patience. Not the least of which was his use of sorcery. Cas didn’t have a great track record with witches and magic of any sort. That, and no matter what Sara said about the man being a part of her team, Cas wasn’t any closer to trusting him. Also, Cas didn’t approve of smoking.
“Now go and fulfill your higher purpose.” The Monitor’s lips pulled in an unnerving inhuman way, “Earth-14 awaits you.”
Ray was the one who answered, "It's a quantum tower, apparently." As if that cleared it all up, which for half the people in the room Ray may as well have been speaking Greek.
Sam kept a hold of Kara’s hand while he entered in the readout for Earth-79. And just like with Earth-38 the only sound the planet made as it died on screen was a cold hum. Everything was gone. The planet. The galaxy. Everything.
“The Anti-Monitor. He commands forces greater than any army. When the tower stops the wave, they will come to thwart any effort to save this planet and its people.”
In the center of the room surrounded by half a dozen women was a barefooted and quite filthy Castiel. His hair was unkempt and could use a cut, and honestly a wash, and he sported a splotchy beard. As Castiel brought his mediation session to a close and leaned in towards the women, “I’ll be with you in a minute. Why not go get washed up for the orgy?”
Dean threw an arm over his face while the other’s turned away. They couldn’t see, but they could hear the screams of the demons and a sizzling sound.
“I am a seraph, a cast of warrior angels. I was once the head of heaven’s garrison. I have a lot of what you would call ‘fire power’.” Cas answered, air quotes an all.
"Of course." Cas straightened his coat while Dean brushed dust off the angel's shoulders, something Cas would have informed him as unnecessary. About to tell him as much the angel's protest died in his throat at the look on his human's face. While Cas had been in no real danger, today's events were traumatic enough that Dean just needed reassurance that one of the few things left of his old life was still there. So Cas let Dean have this.
"Of course," He nodded, "We'll find that bouncing bundle of Kryptonain joy." Clutching his tablet close to his chest he bounded away towards his lab set up.
“Where’s this army?” Dean watched the upper levels of the tower’s interior for hostiles and took up flank while Oliver took the point.
Dean saddled up beside Sara and held out his empty glass which she promptly filled, “I get it. I was dead too for four months, or forty years depending on how you look at it. It doesn’t get any easier.”
“I think you need a minute.” J’onn blocked Castiel’s path and pressed his fingers to the side of his head. Instantly Cas’s eyes rolled back into this head and he fell like a rag doll.
“One of eight heroes from across all of space and time who can save everything.” Barry edged closer to the two.
The Monitor continued, “Of 7.53 billion, 3 billion souls made it to Earth-1 on the armada of ships. I calculate 1 billion souls survived due to his noble sacrifice.”
Cas turned to address the whole group, knowing her would need to explain, “Heaven and Hell exist outside time and space and are infinite and all encompassing. They may be multiple versions of the same people, demons, or angels but they all converge in the same place after death . Perhaps the only good thing about this is when Death reaps the Earths the heavens of those people will be safe.”
“Oh sorry, I tend to talk when I’m nervous. And well you know with the worlds ending and all I’m pretty nervous.” Ray suddenly blasted a demon that Dean had failed to notice creeping up behind him.
"Oh shit!" Dean's eyebrows flew up into his hairline as he hadn't caught who the man was when he first entered the lab. Though he'd had a batarang sticking out of him so he could be excused for not paying attention, for crying out loud.
“Protect it from what?” Sam glanced quickly out the huge windows, half expecting to see… well he did know what to expect but it couldn’t be good, “What’s coming?”
Sam was struck stock still. He hadn’t seen anybody move that fast, apart from the flash of course. “Wow!”
Cas turned the ignition and soon enough they were back on the road, speeding for a few minutes to catch back up to the rest of the caravan.
“It’s going to be okay Barry, we’ll bring him back. I promise you that.” Sara knew that was promise she may not be able to keep, Barry knew it too but if felt good to say it regardless.
“What kind of talk is that from the Paragon of Hope?” Kate unzipped her jacket pocket and pulled up an extrapolator, “Come with me.”
Dean had just about had enough and was reaching for his own gun. There was no doubt in his mind he could shoot he gun out of this kid’s hand without harming him. A voice brought him up short.
“If this guy really is the Paragon we think he is we all need our heads in the game.” Barry gulped as he tried to say this as delicately as he could, “Are you and Dean….”
Cas ran forwards and grabbed the face of a croat about to tear into the small girl. Letting his grace loose he burned the creature from the inside out. It only gave a grunt and fell to the ground, dead.
"Yes Dean?" Nonplussed the angel tilted his head to the side. If Dean found the small act adorable as always no one had to know.
With a running leap Kate flipped over the metal hideout, narrowly dodging a demon’s claws and threw the now glowing weapon. It cut across the air with a zing, exploding several demons in the process before arching back into Kate’s open hand. “I like it,” She told the scientist over her shoulder.
Sam stood just behind Cas in case he needed to back his friend up while Sara and Barry crossed their arms tensely. Mia simply looked bored. The four glanced back and forth between the Warlock and the Angel. If not for the drastic difference in hair color they could have passed for brothers, what with their matching blue eyes and angry set jawlines. Hell, even their attire was nearly identical right down to the askew ties that were the only part of their wardrobe that differed in hue.
“I know. I just…” she gestured at the screen where multiple universes were on display. On the main screen was Earth-38 as it stood just before the antimatter wave hit, “I just… I had to see if…”
Barry circled Lucifer, faster and faster, building momentum. He could feel his lightening charging in his veins, channeling into his fist. The speed force flowed through him. Over and over again he ran around Lucifer, leaving a whirlwind of yellow lightning in his wake. He was almost ready. One more go around and the speed punch would be at full capacity. Any faster and Barry would be running back in time.
Oliver charged Constantine and Sam had little time. He yanked the warlock back the scruff of his trench coat. He fell backwards and Oliver ran right past where he’d just been standing.
Cas suddenly pitched backwards and if not for Barry’s superspeed he would have collided with the floor. The speedster righted Cas. When he tried to let go the angel’s knees buckled again.
"Where are we? What's going on?" The gunman stalked up to the woman in blue, cradling his burnt hand to his chest. The taller man kept close behind him, acting as a shadow.
“To the best of my abilities.” Constantine added as an after thought and all but ran out in retreat of his Captains fury.
Sara was breathing hard and had a hand pressed against her sternum which still vibrated from Oliver’s blow, “I tranqed his body. We still have to get his soul back.”
Cas, Barry and J’onn stealthy skirted around the encampment. Last thing they needed was a trigger happy apocalyptic survivor taking a crack at them.
Once the light died away they lowered their hands and saw, stunned, that not a single demon remained within the tower’s interior.
Dean, Sam and Cas felt like they were intruding on a private moment. They hardly knew Oliver and yet they had fought beside the hero, bled beside him, and followed him. Now he was dead like so many other’s they’d known.
“That's because you killed Superman!” Kara rushed forward out of the dark elevator shaft. Dean stumbled close on her heels and only a little green around the edges.
“Who did this to you?” Castiel asked, the ever-present dreamlike quality in his voice becoming even more prominent.
Cas placed a hand on J'onn shoulder, "Brace yourself," and the angel spread his wings to their fullest extent and took to the air. In no time at all he landed with the Martian in the center of the ruined town.
"Yeah well, terror is what's going to keep these people alive. And I'm no leader. I'm a killer." With that Dean pushed past Cas and Barry, stopping at the long table in the center of the cabin, and shoved down the zipper on his duffle back. From inside he ripped out a heavy package wrapped in yellowed newspaper.
"Yeah." Kate turned to leave the lab, not wanting to bask in her failure any more than necessary, "Well, Bruce's body isn't on the ship…"
Cas felt both the Martian’s and the Speedster’s gazes hard and fast on him. Unbidden he felt his face heat up.
"Because the multiverse is in danger," Harbinger placed her hands behind her back, standing tall and leveling the three with her clear gaze, "Because you are needed."
Kara nodded, “Hold on tight.” She wrapped an arm around Cas’s waist and shot skyward like a bullet with Clark following close behind.
"This is the gun created by Samuel Colt." Cas inclined his heard toward the gun. The light emanating from the single bulb remaining from Cas's angelic outburst glinted menacingly off its tarnished metal. Cas continued, "This weapon is capable of killing anything on Earth."
The gravity of the event they were witnessing didn't actually hit the trio until a quaint little farm house a few miles away flew apart and disintegrated when the light wave washed over it.
"You were ambushed by what?" Barry asked, coming further into the room now that it seemed a safe bet the angel wasn't going to be smiting Dean anytime soon.
“But you want to be.” When Cas failed to break out the stony expression he seemed to have locked into Barry continued, “Cas I know you don’t know me, and I don’t you but we need to have clear heads going forwards. I saw. You nearly shut down when this Earth’s Dean yelled at you. This is incredibly dangerous.”
“What?” Mia shouted at Sara who stood over Oliver with the offending needle in her hand, “You tranqed him?” She was outraged.
If the flight unnerved J'onn he did well not showing it. As soon as they landed J'onn's eyes began to glow, "I can expand my psychic range and get everyone to come outside."
Kara was brought up short and she floundered for any kind of reaction. Her fingers were shaking where she pressed them up against the glass, “Are those?”
Turning to the Earth 79 survivors J’onn waved for them to follow him, “Sam, Dean. While I was going through the refugees minds I found something I think you should see.”
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Barry groaned and heaved himself into a sitting position, staring numbing down at his misshapen limbs. He winced in pain as his healing factor was already kicking in, the sound of one of his bones snapping back into place echoed across the small space.
“Not likely.” Cas jumped down beside the two and threw his blade end over tip right into the chest of the demon about to land a killing blow on Mia who was kneeling on the ground after being knocked over.
“Ok that’s it I’m leaving.” Dean threw his hands up. And with a whirl that would have had his cape billowing, if he had a cape (damn he needed to get a cape to fit in around here) Dean hurried down the corridor. He rounded the corner and Cas thought that was it. Then Dean poked his head back, “Have fun storming the castle. Don’t die.” He said jamming a finger in Cas’s direction. And he was gone.
“That means a lot.” Kara covered his hand with her own and gave him a gently squeeze, “Alright.” And she pressed play and splayed her hand across the picture of her childhood home.
After a few hours Castiel woke up from where he'd been placed after J'onn knocked him out. The man was pissed that he'd missed out on the ladies and had since given Barry and Cas the silent treatment. J'onn had returned shortly after. With Dean being gone, and thus their lead on the Paragon of Freedom, all the three could do for now was to wait until the hunter returned. That, and attempt to avoid the death glares Castiel was sending their way after he'd found out Barry had dumped all his whisky.
"A trap. Exactly." Dean confirmed. "They," He jerked head over at his group of men, "are the decoys. We're going in through the back."
“Hey Dean!” Kate shouted suddenly making the two men jump apart, “Get a move on before I leave your ass!” She said and ducked back around the corner she appeared from.
Dean was supposed to have left with Kate ten minutes ago. The mission should have had him excited. For goodness sakes he was about to meet the freakin Batman. His inner fangirl should have been loosing it, and yes Charlie had argued many and hour with him that his love of Batman was at a ‘fangirl’s’ level. But for all that Dean could only think about one thing at the moment. He’d lost his angel.
When they came to an old Rolls Royce laying half consumed by plant life Dean clutched a hand over his heart, “Now that’s just wrong.”
The father didn’t have time to protest as the ships hatch shut tight and it shot skyward. Sam was left standing alone in the deserted city.
Sam placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. Kara smiled sadly up at him and then dropped her eyes to the floor. Seeing the faith that he already had in her in the short amount of time they’d known each other was overwhelming, especially since she felt like all she’d done the last day was fail on an epic scale.
"There. Second-floor window. We go in there." Dean lowered the binoculars from his face and passed them off to Risa who knelt beside him.
Kara took in both versions of her cousin and could only manage one word, "Huh." Oh man was she going to need brain bleach. She didn't have long to think over the fact that she'd kinda just checked out her cousin, technically.
Cas looked at the colt and then at Dean, "I don't know. On my Earth the colt failed. It shouldn't have, but it did. Here, in this reality. I am unsure."
The batarang had been left in Dean's arm until they got back to the Waverider. Kate dabbed alcohol around the blade, working quickly, but not quickly enough for Dean's tastes.
"Woah" Barry said in awe, then jumped back when a bulb actually burst when Cas pulled back and slammed Dean into the wall again, "Hey Cas, maybe ease up a bit"
Kate glanced at Kara, then Sam, then back to Kara. Rolling her eyes good naturedly she stepped between the two, grabbed Kara’s arm and dragged her towards the door, “Ok. Come on. Let's go save the universe. Then you can get back to your boyfriend.”
Ignoring the hurtful way the new Cas was staring at him, Dean firmly turned his back to the angel and addressed his soldiers, " I'm not gonna lie to you. All of them—It's a pretty messed-up situation we got going. But believe me, when you need to know something, you will know it. Until then, we all have work to do." When that didn't spur anyone into immediately action Dean slammed the car door shut, "Get moving!"
“You were saying,” Dean had to clear his throat, shaking himself out of his thoughts surrounding Cas and himself saving a little baby girl years ago. Back when Cas had been amazingly human.
The wave then approached Earth-38. It was as if her throat was held in a vise and she was unable to look away. The only indicator the consul gave was a dull rumble as the planet was erased.
Ray put down his tablet with a sigh, even the inherent giddiness that was the essence of Ray Palmer had taken a hit in the last few minutes, "I'm not sure how much good it will do now but we should be able to locate the remaining Paragons. Although I've never actually built a Paragon detector before." He rolled a cart with a computer screen into the center of the room while holding onto a device with a button on it. He raised the activator, paused, and calculated the distance of those gathered around, "You know everybody should probably take a step back."
Dean smirked and walked back over to Cas, wiping a hand over his mouth and kneeling down in front of the angel, “Oh yeah, had those special made. Melted down angel blades,” he pointed at the cuffs, “keeps you winged dicks from making a mess.” Deep seated anger was plain on his face and his lips turned down in a grimace.
To everyone’s surprise, except the Winchesters, Cas was quick to agree, “We will undo this. We will get everyone back. Even if I have to march back into heaven and take them.”
Batwoman and Ray were the last to move into formation on either end of the group. This world’s last defense.
Cas knelt, completely still in the way only an angel could be, and appraised the survivors readying for battle. Something about this just didn't sit right with him. His Dean was one of two ways when it came to his plans, either he meticulously charted out every single moment down to the last detail, or he went in guns blazing. This Dean was doing neither of these things.
“Ah right, Supergirl” Sam gestured at her, “This is our Mother, Mary Winchester.” Their mother waved, still a little awestruck by the Kryptonian. “And this is Jody, Claire and Alex. Guys this is Supergirl, from Earth 38.”
“Parallel Earths spread out by vibrational frequency.” Constantine said sounding more than a little proud of his magical display.
“Hex.” She greeted the man with a curt tilt of her head but didn’t relax for one second, “We need to use this pit, then we’ll be on our way.” Sam noticed with practiced eyes how she readied her stance for combat.
“You can make a rift that large?” Cas squinted at Alex in disbelieve, “Even arc-angels would struggle accomplish such a feat.”
“You mean my power was useful. You’ve always called when you needed me.” No longer was he the near emotionless angel Dean met in that barn in Pontiac. Years of pent-up frustration began to bleed into Cas’s voice.
“There must be a reason why the Monitor sent us here.” Cas explained, “I believe the Paragon to be this reality’s Dean Winchester. He refused to follow Heaven’s plan for him. It was the ultimate act of free will. To refuse Michael even after all this loss and devastation, it show’s true conviction.”
Kara was glad to know that Mick on any Earth was still Mick, “Hi Mick.” She raised her hand in a small wave.
Cas debated joining in on the conversation and ultimately decided he she should, he was leading the mission to Earth-14 after all, “Barry Allen, the Earth we are going to is in the midst of a war between heaven and hell. The apocalypse itself brought into reality. Who knows who or what we may encounter. I could use the fastest man alive at my side.”
With nothing but his fists he charged the uncommon onslaught. Oliver Queen would not fail this World.
Cas paused and walked backwards until he saw the bald and heavily muscled man he, Kara and the Winchesters had met when first boarding the Waverider. Inside the open door was a bedroom full of old Roman armor and guns of every kind. The man was currently sitting at a desk with an old typewriter writing away.
“Hey.” Alex said walking up the stairs to join them, “I just got off the phone with the president. She’s on board. Jon and Dreamer are coordinating evac using all the alien ships we can pull together.”
At this Constantine attempted to make a hasty exit as well but Sara grabbed a hold of his coat, “We can't screw this up, okay?” She tightened her grip, “When we bring Oliver back, I need you to promise me you can bring back his soul.”
Sam's heart went out to the Kryptonian, knowing all too well what it was like to lose parents. He also still didn't know what had happened to his own Earth yet. If that light they saw before being whisked away was anything to go by, nothing good.
Perhaps the only one in the room who utterly understood that that meant was Cas, having been created nearly all the way at the beginning. He remembered the edges of the universe as existence spread outwards. He remembered the darkness, the hollow dread that emptiness filled him with even as a young seraph. As each universe becomes consumed that empty will rush inwards again, clawing to have its rightful place back. Cas shivered, the Winchester brothers noticing his unease. Dean placed a hand on his shoulder and Cas nodded at him.
Rather than feeling relief Kara only felt her stomach drop, “Well, you might want to double-check your omnipotence because I'm not feeling that hopeful right now.”
“When I said I died before, this,” Sara jerked her chin over her shoulder to the pit behind the two, “is how Oli brought me back.”
Sam grinned at Kara and his Mother. If was the first time Kara saw his face completely relaxed and she thought to herself that it looked good on him. In fact it was like a switch had been flipped in both the Winchesters and the angel. Sure their eyes still told stores of loss and pain but now Kara could see hope and light there too.
Reaching over Dean snatched up Sam's phone, "An analysis on thirteen century tapestry making." In playful disgust he tossed the device back to his scowling little brother.
With Constantine sufficiently cowered Sara turned her attention back to Barry, her gaze much softer, her arm coming up to rest on his bicep, “Right now we need you on this mission. Superman is searching for the Paragon of Truth while Batwoman and Supergirl search for the Paragon of Courage. There’s only so many of us on this boat with powers and we need you all out in the field.”
“I should be asking that question, don't you think?” A familiar man’s voice rumbled from a corner of the dimly lit room. Out of the shadows a haggard and worn Dean carrying a machine gun and pulled a chair out to sit down right in front of Cas. With his thumb he flicked off his weapon’s safety and leveled the barrel at the angel’s face. For now it seemed Barry and J’onn were being ignored by Dean, “In fact, why don't you give me one good reason why I shouldn't gank you all right here and now?”
Barry was weird out, “What?!” he and J’onn pressed their heads against the wall, attempting to hear more clearly and peeked around the corner.
"You're right. he wouldn't. It's one of the main reasons we're in this mess, actually." Dean said, flicking the safety off the colt and preparing to head inside. The discussion was over.
“He’s your lighting rod.” Barry said with a faraway look in his eyes but like he understood everything the seraph had said on a personal level.
The Monitor staggered out of a blue rimmed portal “The battle is lost!” His voice had a double reverb that became more pronounced as he winced in pain, “We must retreat and save our resources for battles yet to come.” He reached out, opening portals that that sucked away Kate and Ray.
Soon it was Sam’s turn to fan-girl out. When they all reached the bridge Dean had to physically drag Sam away from the main consul. Sam’s fingers had been itching to check out the technology. Dean was all kinds of thrilled that his little brother had his nerd interest back, don’t get him wrong. But knowing the Winchester’s luck Dean figured Sam would end up accidentally initiating a self destruct or something.
Now Dean was starting to get it. Need. That’s the word that Cas hated, “Cas man,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, not quite able to say the word he meant when he said ‘need’ but wanting to say something, “When I say I need you, I mean you. Sure the angel mojo is great and helpful as hell in a pinch. But I’d rather have you, powered up or not.”
“I know I’m a sore loser.” Sara said after a pause, “I’m the captain of a freakin time ship. Any death I can go back and change’; the teammates I’ve lost, my father,” she choked up a bit,” my sister. I have the power to go back and change their fates and I think about it, oh, all the time. But I don’t because history is so fragile. This time its too much. I just can’t lose him too.”
Taking a step in front of her sister Kara finally let her laser vision loose, super heating the gun in the blonde's hand. The weapon glowed bright orange and melted into a useless mass. The man dropped it with a pained cry.
Far away in the center of the city Sam was content in his decision as he watched the ships race skyward. Death was a certainty for him, but that man would be able to live another day with his family. Saving people was the family business. He always figured he’d go out like this. The sky above lit up bright with the oncoming wave and the suddenly he was no longer on Earth 38. The Monitor transported him away.
Slowly the terrain changed. The trees began to thin out. Junked cars and other vehicles, some military, were crashed or parked all over. Barry felt the ground change under his feet and he looked down. There was concrete underfoot and a faded yellow line.
Barry picked up on Cas's discomfort beside him and glanced warily at the angel out the corner of his eyes before asking the hunter, "How? How could you know that?"
Cas readied the angel blade Sam had given him. He wondered to himself, glancing over at the young woman who shattered his original blade without lifting a finger. Would the angelic weapon be of any use in the coming battle? Would he?
“Okay.” Sara nodded, acknowledging Cas as the other Team’s leader, “Sam and Constantine are with me as our resident resurrection experts.” Sara pinched her chin as she though this out, “Mia, you’re obviously coming. Head down to the infirmary and I’ll meet you there to prep Oli’s body,” She tilted her head at the door and Mia left with one last glare at Constantine. Sara then addressed the speedster, “Barry.”
Dean paused while the others strode on ahead. He watched the back of his closest companion as the angel walked into the tower with purpose. It was jarring to hear Cas referred to as a heavy hitter alongside the likes of Supergirl and the Flash. Somehow in the last few years he’d forgotten that this unassuming shell of man was not really who Cas was. Cas, no Castiel. Castiel was an ancient and powerful comic wavelength that had for some reason chosen to fight along side him and his Sam. Dean vowed to make sure the angel knew how much that meant to him, if they managed to live through the next twenty minutes.
