Steve swallowed again. Jesus Christ. He felt like he was going to be sick. For a second he stared at the ground, almost expecting sick to appear. Wait. No. He hadn't been sick. He just felt sick. God. He blinked hard and rubbed at his temple.
"Oh, I get it.  Good-cop, bad-cop, right?" said Jasper, clearly trying to maintain a level of calm.  His gaze traveled over to Natasha.
kind of die for America during the war. I served my country and I went through shit and I saw hell and none of them even cared, just because of my status none of them even respected me for it. It was really hard."
"Please more... one more... cum for me... omega... g'boy... g'boy..." huffed Tony against Steve's neck.  He was coming down from his orgasm and was getting a limp, watery, deliciously sleepy sensation. He never felt more comfortable, more at home, when they were like this, tangled together, knotted, one entity, their bond a physical thing.
"Considering the... intensity of your connection... have you tried to communicate with him?" asked Gleason.
"...is V-neck gauche?" he wondered, standing inside his carpeted, walk-in closet, staring at himself in a full-length mirror.  The V-neck framed the arc reactor perfectly, calling attention to it.  "I think my only other shirt is this one and I think it's about thirty years old."  He held up a gray t-shirt.  The reason he thought it was thirty years old was immediately apparent; it had the logo for the 1974 Stark Expo on it.
"I just hope I don't end up with an old guy.  Even a girl would be okay," said Sixteen, twisting her thumb in her mouth.  She gave Steve another glance. "Tony's like, only, like, thirty-five or something, right?  He looks pretty young. Right? He's like in his thirties or something?"
All the omegas reactions to Tony made Steve cringe a little. Sure, he might get down on his knees for him but the thought of being so meek and polite to an Alpha he didn't even know grossed him out. It was like they were the shells of people they once were. There was no personality.
One, Nine, and Seventeen were waving at him, looking excited.  Whoever had made the choice to go with white clothing for them had clearly done it for a specific reason; like most omegas, these were easily half blonds, and the whiteness of their clothes made them shine.  Nine and Sixteen were blond; One had dark hair and sideburns like Steve's. Either they were coming back in fashion or Steve was influencing a fashion trend. Or, perhaps most likely, it was a combination of the two.
They charged up a flight of stairs, a stream of men jogging down in the opposite direction.  When they walked toward the right wing of Level 1, he suddenly realized where they were going.
Tony had already poured himself a drink.  He watched Steve babble about a girl, tests, chairs, slowly sipping his bourbon.
Lips against Tony's ear, everything spilled out in a frantic whisper.  "HYDRA tried to kidnap me and kill Fury. I went to meet Nick at my old apartment and supposedly no one knew except us and maybe Pierce, who's on the WSC, but we got ambushed anyway.  They sent the Winter Soldier, who it turns out is also Bucky, and he hasn't aged a day. He doesn't even know who I am. I also found out that the nurse who lived down my hall is a SHIELD agent. Fury nearly died, I got him to an ER, where I found out I'd just had a miscarriage due to physical trauma."  Steve took a shuddering breath.  "...so, all in all, not a good day."
He peered at the few inch gap when Tony pointed it out and blinked. Steve moved over to one of tables, searching through the messes of materials.
You can pick one, there's three coming up you can hang out in. Listen, Steve, I really wanna play in that poker game tonight.   ...also, wouldn't it be a
Steve cried out with a strength he hadn't known he possessed and lunged forward, his fingers sinking into the arc reactor like it was made of flesh. Maybe it was. He shuddered, feeling the man's heartbeat pulse around his hand. And then he wrenched his heart out of him- wires and blood.
"DeSoto was very good.  He's a great omega. Absolutely the best," said Tony.  DeSoto beamed, looking hopefully up at Ron. Ron patted his shoulder.
"That's impossible.  You dream. You just don't remember it.  Now you'll remember it more, because your mind is healing."
Steve didn't mention what had happened; Tony took his cue and did the same.  "Thanks, Sparky," he said, eyes still fixed on his circuit board, trying to move a chip aside with a pair of tweezers.  "Is DJ AM still on board to mix?  Did you get the tigers?  I wanted two, but if you can only get one, that's fine, too."  He paused, sticking his tongue out as he delicately connected a resistor.  "..oh, and cancel the Expo for the year 2089."
He lifted his head up. "It was a prayer the French soldiers taught us on the front line," Steve said quietly. "I always liked it. It brought me comfort."
he would have picked up.  Because he loves you. He gave you everything and you just-- you didn't even see it. This wasn't Steve trying to see
She stood and offered Steve a hand to shake.  It was unclear if they (whoever "they" were... the government?) had sent Dr. Brennan to Steve because she was an Alpha and they were trying to unnerve him, or whether it was the simply luck of the draw.  In either case, Dr. Brennan didn't seem at all intimidating and she treated Steve just as respectfully as she would have a beta.
"I'm hiding. This is me hiding. I don't leave the house alone anymore Tony, Christ...it's like I'm a... a kept woman, and it's driving me
A sudden memory.  Steve's sketchbook, the one he'd flipped through back in Steve's apartment.  There had been lots of pictures, doodles, cartoons, everything from landscapes to people. He'd seen himself in there quite a lot.  But he'd also seen Bucky.
"Steve's reputation is fine," said Tony dismissively.  "I literally told everyone we would release a sex tape like, two days ago.  People are probably expecting me to corrupt him.  After all, I'm... me.  Rhodes, go see if you can get any info off the card.  I'll try to salvage the chip later.  I want to know who the fuck sent it."  He paused.  "It's a hybrid gemstone orchid.  Westerlay Nursery is the only place that sells green orchids.  Have SHIELD check their records."
"Steve!  Wow, you did so great up there, my heart was in my throat the whole time but you handled it like such a pro!" Taylor giggled.
on a single person.  Thor's gotta be something bigger than just a guy.  Besides, all our current data indicates that code names in SHIELD are always doubt.  Think about it.  Captain America, Black Widow, Hawk Guy...  Besides, we know that SHIELD uses mythological names for their projects, remember Project Pegasus?  Yeah, I think Thor's gotta be a project.  Maybe a weapons program?"
Tony's stomach twisted uncomfortably when he looked at the food.  He reached for a fork and realized his hands were shaking, hard.
Steve struggled against him, bracing his good leg against him with his boot against his stomach. But still the man stood strong. Steve fought against his metal arm as he pressed the forearm on his neck. It was cold and heavy and soon he was struggling to breathe again. He stuttered, fingers scrabbling...for something. Steve could hear Fury shouting in the background, Kate shouting too. Why weren't they shooting? What was wrong? Were they scared of hurting Steve? Because, ha... it would be a little late for that.
A third guard had joined the two and was gesturing widely.  He was holding a flashlight. Tony smiled a little. He was guessing there were generators for the lower floors but at least on the surface, everything was offline.
"I'm going to recommend a brief leave of absence.  Just a week," said Dr. Brazinski, beginning to type on the computer.  "I want you to understand this isn't because I doubt your competency.  Quite the opposite.  However, undergoing traumatic psychological tests during your honeymoon phase is probably complicating the bonding situation.  I'm going to put off Tony's evaluation as well.  The two of you should be spending time together, solidifying your relationship... is one week okay?  It's a bit short, but considering the situation in New Mexico, Fury probably will fight even seven days..."
But right now, at least, the prospect of sobriety paled in comparison to the immediate need to mate Steve again.
"Thanks, Jarv, but you're not human.  You're just a program.  A damned good one, but still... not really a connoisseur of human emotion.  Math isn't great at predicting people's motivations."  He took a swig from the bottle.  "Maybe I oughta call Pepper."
"You don't have to...apologise," Steve said, finally. His words were measured. Careful and unsure. "I wouldn't bother. There's no time to waste. You can synthesize it now, tell them later." Maybe a selfish part of Steve still wanted Tony to himself, didn't want this moment to end. And he didn't want Tony's good mood to end either and he certainly wasn't enamoured with the SHIELD family upstairs. "Fury wanted blueprints from you he had no right to. You may as well let him sweat a little."
"I can show you what Project Eighty-Four is. It would be easier to show you than tell you." Steve said, eyes flirting up to Tony's face. "But I won't take you in if you've been drinking."
"JARVIS," he called.  "I need you to start compiling every known substance that could act as an antidote to hallucinogens.  Anything that mutes the effects of LSD, salvia, peyote, any of it.  I have a test to cheat.
"I've emptied prisoner of war camps before. I know the drill," Steve assured her. Kerry looked a little alarmed at the comparison, even if it wasn't wholly unfounded. He was practically vibrating with excitement. Steve couldn't wait. He got a bit sad whenever he thought about Wanda and Pietro (and Bucky) but he'd managed to persuade Phil to give him an update.  Bucky had fallen asleep again on the last day of Steve's heat, and his cryostatus had stabilized.  Small mercies.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah," said Tony dismissively, waving a hand at her and leaving.  "I'm just gonna go down to the pit, check on my car, you know, get some air... I'll be fast, don't worry."
to be.  How're you doing, lover?  Have you checked Twitter this morning?  You're trending again.  Your charity is gonna blow up when you announce it, I guarantee it."  Seeing Steve's look of alarm, he quickly explained, "
"...I don't wanna punish you.  That's... frankly just disgusting to me, the idea of putting an omega in line.  Like they're a... a misbehaving dog or something. But I don't know
Now that Steve was up, JARVIS was automatically projecting the morning headlines and weather on the back window.  OMEGAS RULE BUT YOU SHOULD RESPECT EVERYBODY: CAPTAIN ROGERS'S EXITING WORDS. STARK-SPANGLED: CAPTAIN AMERICA AND HIS ALPHA RENEW THEIR BOND.  UNDEFEATED: CAP IS BACK AND STRONGER THAN EVER. STEVE ROGERS EARNS $1.25 MILLION FOR CHARITY, APOLOGIZES TO A NATION.
"Since forever, I think," Steve said softly. "Or maybe an Alpha did it to him in the past. M'not sure," he admitted.  "For a long time, though."
Yes, he remembered that.  That man had worked for the Treasury.  He had been an omega with blue eyes. Killing him had made Bucky feel... something.  He had given his mission report with a crack in his voice that had earned him a re-training session in the chair.  Afterwards, he had remembered the numbness in the tips of his fingers, the smell of burning hair, the penlight being shined into his eyes.
"It's okay like this," Steve murmured, halfheartedly watching the credits roll past as he concentrated on the feeling on Tony's hands in his hair. The touch was pleasant, making a shiver run down his spine.
"Is any of yours left?" asked Steve, craning, trying to look at the mark in the mirror.  An impossibility.
Steve lifted up his phone with some struggle and blinked at the screen. "It says blue pill? I think you have to give me medicine, Tony," he murmured.
A minor problem: the hand was the wrong one.  His thumb was instantly crushed as the armor did what it was supposed to do: self-assembly around him.
Steve's gaze locked with Tony's again and his blue eyes were fiery- he was going to win this if it was the last thing he did.
working with or for HYDRA, then I'd fight him. Like I did before. And if I can somehow help him, then...well, Bucky needs help. He doesn't need a mate. He's not even a person, not the man I spoke to. They fucked with his head. They did things they had no right to do. And however attached he was to me I assure you he was far more attached to his
How to communicate to Pepper all the wonderful things that had happened?  A new heart.  His own omega.   A second chance.
There were a lot of things that Dr. Frond and Eric and even Ron had said that Tony had to agreed with.  But one thing he didn't believe was that omegas had no agency, that they existed only to serve their Alphas.  Tony didn't think sex was a right. He wasn't like HYDRA, inducing heats, forcing Steve into it. And the dangerous thing about those two little spots behind each of Steve's ears, behind every omega's ears, was that they could be manipulated with them.
But the way Justin was eyeing him made Tony want to get into a down-and-out brawl with the other man.  And Christine was watching the whole thing.
her I wanted to get a vasectomy, why wasn't the scheduled earlier?  Fuck... nngg..." He strained a little, giving one last tug, but Steve whined and he stopped.
"I don't know," Steve said after a beat, unsure of how to answer all of her questions or in which order. "I mean-- yes, Tony is here.  He's fine.  I mean.  Physically, yes." Although that had been a close call. "He's only had one drink in the past like...thirty-six hours." Which was seriously a good record for Tony Stark. Steve would be happy about it if he knew this wasn't all part of a much bigger issue.
"Look, I know he doesn't like you." Harsh, but true. "But please try and convince him, Steve. You can't let him go back to the flat; they'll take him and I can't be there to stop them. None of us can. Goddammit. Why'd it have to be
Phil had been here, recently.  So had Steve and Ty. He kept huffing and finally determined Ty and Steve had walked out back to the pool area.
Steve sighed sweetly as Tony's hands explored contently. He ran his hands up to curve over his shoulders, settling up a little higher and arcing his back into Tony's touch. "Phil had the outfit. He gave it to me a month after I woke up, said it was rightfully mine... he was pretty big fan.  There's a lot of memorabilia floating around out there but the original outfit, it was with the USO 'til the sixties and then passed through a few collectors before coming to Phil."
"Come on, you gotta help me carry him," Natasha said and Sam nodded, moving with a wince to grab one side of Steve whilst she grabbed the other. Even with the weight he'd lost in captivity, Steve was still built like a bull and weighed a hell of a lot. And even sharing the weight didn't make it much better.
He was pretty sure that Steve disliked his drinking and he was worried that Steve was going to make him cut back.  He begrudgingly recognized that his fear of cutting back was almost definitely a result of an addiction.
Then he stilled for a moment and looked up at Tony, wet eyes open to stare up at his Alpha. "Are you going to kill him?" He whispered. A beat of silence. "I want to watch."
The only one who was affected by Tony's aggression was Donner, who followed them silently, like a shadow, flinching every time Tony spoke.
"In the room with the chair. With the witch. They called her a witch. Witches aren't real, though, are they?" Steve asked; his tone was almost child-like.  His heat was making everything seem surreal and dreamlike and he was starting to doubt everything he'd just seen.
Steve was leaning his head, softly nuzzling into Tony's hands as he cupped Steve's cheeks, rubbed his skin with his thumbs; he brushed his fingers through Steve's hair, traced the outline of an ear, slid a finger down Steve's jaw, feeling the hint of invisible blond stubble; he was memorizing every little feature, reading Steve's face like it was a braille map.  He could hear himself breathing, hard and soft and shallow.
For some reason he couldn't stop thinking about his first simulation. The Winter Soldier raising a gun, saying sorry and then shooting him. Steve remembered waking up trembling, muttering that the Winter Soldier was going to kill him. He believed it then and even with suspicious about Bucky... Steve believed it now. And that thought alone was chilling.
Pepper reached out and picked it up, examining it.  A well-worn, sepia-toned photo showed two men on a pier, smiling, arms around each other.  One was handsome, in uniform. The other was a head shorter, with light hair, wearing slacks and a white button-up and suspenders: civilian clothes.  It took her a moment, but there was no mistaking the likeness. The civilian was Steve.
Tony pulled Steve against him, folding him into an embrace.  Steve's smell was almost terrified and Tony felt awful for him.  He couldn't tell Steve about Ivan, not now; he couldn't tell anyone else, either, because it was probably bounce right back to Steve.
"F-fuck..." He whispered, screwing his eyes shut as his breathing finally began to calm down. Richards was muttering to Coulson who was already on the line to Fury. Whatever the hell that just was, it wasn't good.
They took up some good seats on the bleachers, facing the range, chatting freely until Fury arrived.  Then they mostly went silent.  Fury leaned against the edge of the bleachers beside them, arms crossed, face serious as he watched one of the range instructors setting out firearms.
Tony hooked his arm with Steve and they strolled into the restaurant together.  The waiter at the door gaped a little when he saw them before quickly collecting himself.
Fifteen minutes later Tony was asleep and Steve could slip away. He did so, tenderly wincing as Tony slipped out of him.
His tongue dragged over Steve's skin and he pressed his chest to Steve's back, oblivious about any mark the arc reactor might make on him; he just wanted as much contact with his omega as possible.  Steve was bucking under him, reacting to ever little movement with joy.  Tony was desperate to find that spot inside Steve that would make him writhe in pleasure and scream Tony's name; he had hit it once before; Steve was warm and slick and Tony wanted to find the perfect angle, wanted to give Steve as much pleasure as he was receiving.  He heard himself moan, muffled, into Steve's neck; he tensed up, pressing down on his knot, wanting to give Steve more, easing in the rest of his swollen member with only a little difficulty.  The moment it was in he resumed thrusting; he loved the way Steve's body tugged on it, massaging it; he'd never had as tight a fit as this with any beta.
"Well... they're in custody now.  They're not dead and they're no longer a threat to your mate.  So there's that, at least," said Tiberius, picking up a pitcher to refill Steve's glass.  "Better not to think about it. Focus on your heat and then there's Project 84... I don't think we'll be seeing those kids again."
Heads up: this is a long chapter.  It was actually supposed to be split into two sections (during the party and after the party) but I dun goofed. - T
"No.  No, never, I would never let him--" snarled Tony.  His hackles were still spiked and now, with his mate distressed and in preheat, Tony was a bundle of anxiety and paranoia.  "Never," said Tony firmly. "Never, no... you're okay... shh... omega... shh... my mate... you're with me now... I'll never let anyone touch you, I swear..."
Steve, of course, had read the file from back to front. He'd found it quite an interesting read and he was pleasantly surprised at such progressiveness in the form of a bonded pair, especially considering their initial rocky start. Usually, inspiring stories came from lone omegas who were 'breaking out of the mold' and away from Alpha influence. But Thomas Banksy proved that it didn't have to be that way. That an omega with an Alpha could be successful and independent and yet still support one another at the same time. Their history was sweet and inspiration and in all honesty Steve was excited to meet them, even if he was apprehensive about going on the show itself. Steve was sure there was other guests coming on the show too but he honestly hadn't recognised the names when Pepper told him. Aria told him pointedly not to worry about it, that it was "cute when you don't know things."
"Okay, that's enough for now, go, you're going to be late," said Pepper, sliding a paper away from Steve mid-signature and gathering up her documents.
"Oh, great.  Today just keeps on getting better and better, doesn't it?  Rumlow's going to kill us..."
. Please. I need you. I need you now," he chanted, eyes fluttering open to see a blurry room and a blurry Alpha on top of him.
"It's not your fault there was an emergency," he pointed out and the doctor smiled patiently at him.  Steve tilted his head. "I've never heard of that before, no. But I'm guessing it's pretty self-explanatory." There was that patient smile again. "I think that...obviously I'm a product of my time but I've changed a lot in the last nine months I've been awake. It helped having omegas around me a lot in SHIELD, to tell me how it was. I don't think a lack of self-care is necessarily a 'forties' thing. I think that once you've been in the army it's hard to get rid of that mentality...to remember you're an individual. It happened to a lot of my guys back in the day."
Also, should Tony really be drinking so much while people were photographing them?  He kept hearing shutter clicks in other parts of the restaurant.
She took a deep, steadying breath.  It was over, now.  If they could just get through the rest of the day without Tony causing any more drama, then they would be fine.
"Well, there were... tapes.  Sam watched them. Said it was definitely him that--"  Clint gestured to the back of his head. "The guy he answered to, that Colonel Karpov guy... he's missing.  They've been keeping a close eye on the situation and it looks like... you-know-who... is basically missing too.  I don't know if he went with Karpov or if both of them are on the lam. But they don't know where he is any better than us."
He'd almost been expecting Aria and Pepper but the two had clearly seen the sense to give them some space. Steve had three days until his public apology on Friday. He had time to think about what to say and how to say it. And he always did speeches better on the spot anyway.
something.  Waiters were polite to everyone, weren't they?  They were paid to be that way, but Steve clearly felt that it was important for some reason.
Steve tried to a smile. "I know what song I'm going to sing," he said and then he dipped back under and out of Tony's touch.
"Okay, great.  ...don't follow me, I can get dressed on my own, seriously, I just need you to tie the tie when I come out..."
Pepper looked unconvinced and it occurred to Steve that the reason she was here was to check on Tony with her own two eyes.  On the phone, Tony could lie to her; it was easier for her to check up on him in person.  He was still limping; Pepper's eyes were examining him all over, critically, assessing his condition even as he tried to hide it.  After their conversation in the pool, Steve could understand Pepper's demand that he take care of Tony; Tony bordered on helpless when it came to self-care.  Forty years of being conditioned to be waited on hand and foot had made him incredibly lackadaisical about his health.
Tony looked up blearily, his eyes red.  He had a full beard; he was lying in bed with an empty bottle of whiskey.  Pepper walked over and tugged the bottle away. He didn't resist.
"He means--" Steve leaned down, his head in his hands. "He means the camps use them so the omegas can practice being Alphas." The words tasted foul in his mouth. "The people who don't care about an omega being used are other omegas who are being forced into Alphahood.  So they either end up as servants in peoples' homes who can't leave, forced into prostitution or... camps. Jesus Christ." He hated himself for it but he wondered if Ty had done it...had been with another omega they'd bought off some dodgy auction because they told him to.
.  The mission came first.  And besides, Tony didn’t even know who he really was, who he was really propositioning.  Steve swallowed and looked up slowly from his e-mail inbox on the tablet.  “I tend not to
Tony nodded hesitantly.  "Okay.  Well.... then tomorrow, let's make some headlines."  He smiled sleepily up at Steve.  He felt nervous, but excited.  He felt the way he did back in the old days, when he designed a new missile and went to see see its first field test.  That anticipation, waiting to see it level its first mountain...
"I think he's too close, but then so am I. And I'm here," Steve pointed out quietly and Natasha's gaze flickered up to meet his. He swallowed. "I just... I think it's worse to keep it hidden from him. The last thing I want is Tony in the dark about this. I don't have anything to hide,
Unlike Steve, Clint's inducer experiences lasted days, and Steve didn't know how in hell he'd dealt with that. But when Clint found out his only lasted a few hours he whistled low:
"Gotta admire that dedication, right?  Using water to torture a guy in the middle of the desert?  Those guys, man, it was an
"Yeah, sorry."  Donner let out another very soft, tiny groan of pain, clearly trying to keep it down for Steve and Tony.
..." Steve said with an awkward groan.  In his day, no Alpha would dare ask an omega that wasn't theirs such a personal question. "But it's like a 3% chance, right? Not a big deal."
"How's that collar?" asked Malick, a hint of viciousness in his voice, and Tony realized how obvious his discomfort must be.
"Thanks, I might need it," Steve nodded, only half joking himself, and then went to follow Tony down to his workshop.
"...yes, fine, whatever fancy stupid water you want.  March!" barked Pepper. The two of them staggered out of the bathroom together, drawing a confused look from a stagehand who was going in.
"Huh?" said Tony.  He'd been brooding.  Thinking about Vanko.  About Bucky.  "Oh, yeah, sure, charities are easy.  I've been running the Maria Stark Foundation for, like, twenty years.  Great for tax breaks.  You should talk to Pep about it.  She's an accountant, you know- technically.  That's how we met.  She spotted an error in the books, would've cost the company ten million... and she came directly to my office... Happy, remember?"  Tony was getting a gooey expression on his face, half-nostalgia and half-... something else.
"I'm not his new mate.  I'm his old mate. We're bonded."  He looked over at Steve for clarification.  "Right?"
There was a long pause.  "I'm flattered that you trust me, but I wouldn't want my smell to ruin your heat."
Okay, yes.  Tony had seen that.  In fact, he'd participated in them before.  The whole raffling or auctioning off a date with an eligible bachelor or bachelorette was, technically, legal.
He picked up his beer and took a sip, watching Steve over the edge.  It shouldn't matter if he and Bucky went out ever lousy night; Bucky was no longer part of their lives.  But Tony couldn't help but compare himself to Steve's other Alpha... it was a natural thing. He wanted to find ways he was superior to Bucky, to combat the ever-present knowledge that Bucky was a lot more dominant than him... that Steve's body, when given a choice, had initially chosen Bucky over him.
Hawley's face flickered with a suppressed smile.  "Captain Rogers is an American treasure. We've had a lot of people lobbying on his behalf."  Her eyes flicked over to Fury, whose face was unreadable.
been allowed access to in SHIELD. "How do you even..." He shook his head and paused in thought for a very brief moment. "Yeah. I wanna know what's happening in New Mexico."
"You're not gonna cure him over night," Aria added from her place on the couch, a laptop in her lap. She'd been typing away all evening.
The five ignore him, turning and walking out.  The soldier watched them go, still calling to them.  "Wait! ...I'm still in here! ...what are my orders?!"
"Okay... okay, you look okay..." murmured Tony quietly.  Steve had leaned his head on Tony's shoulder, an awkward position for him, considering their heights.  Tony reached up to stroke the back of his neck.
Tony let Steve drag him down to the shop and grab the keys to the Audi off the pegboard.  He pestered Steve with questions about what office, what the hell the volunteers were for, trying to get Steve to give something, but Steve was being irritatingly tight-lipped.  He had a mischievous little smile and Tony played along, nagging him in a good-natured way because he could tell that Steve was enjoying himself.
"That was amazing," Steve told George and the omega beamed at him. He grabbed his stolen milkshake and stuck the straw into his mouth.
"This is a reminder. And a promise.  This is a reminder that I'm not going to be a pawn in HYDRA's game. That I never was. And I never will be."
"We both know if you go back down there you're going to get shit-faced," Steve said bluntly and raised a brow at him. And then he blinked as he processed Tony's last words. "No licking," he told him flatly. "You're my boss." With that he went to fetch him another glass of water. "Drink," he said again as he handed it back again.  "If you sober up more you can back downstairs," Steve told him. "But like this...with you asking to
. This is what SHIELD recruited me for. This isn't even a high risk mission.  You gotta let me do this.  I want your support in this. I want to know that my Alpha believes in me and is behind me."
"Hey, man, chill, chill!" shouted one of the omegas, James, over the music, running a hand over the back of Tony's neck, trying to flatten his hair.  "...oh, are you an acer?"
"Sokovia is a backwards place.  Some rabbits, they still put collars on them, like dogs.  I'll never bond," said the omega. "I'm not a dog. I don't do tricks or mindlessly obey anyone.  I'm my own man." He studied the soldier. "...why do you do everything he tells you?"
"I need you to act natural," said Fury, slowly, calmly.  He pulled a phone from his pocket and checked it with a casualness that belief the situation they were in.  To an observer, he might have been checking a message or the time.  But Steve saw the quick dial.
"So, did you guys have a good honeymoon?" Sam asked, trying to steer the conversation away from SHIELD as he sipped at his soda.
He sighed a little.  "C'mon.  Let's get up," he said.  He was pretty sure there was a box of old Chinese food in the mini-fridge down there.  Granted, it was a few weeks old.  But it was in a fridge.  Tony wanted to wolf it down and get back to work.
It was Steve's turn to frown. "What? If she's had a fight with Tony I get ignored too? That doesn't sound like her."
"Well, come on.  Come have breakfast.  We'll give you the grand tour afterwards," said Laura, gesturing for Steve to follow her.
Steve leaned into Tony when he appeared beside him, the other's hand hot against his waist through his shirt.
"I already Googled him.  No dirt," said Tony. He was telling a half-truth; he had had JARVIS run every possible search on Gene Bennett.  He worked for a company called Vector Solutions, a consulting firm involved in market research, in the human resources department.  That had put together a few bonds and there were plenty of people who said he was a good "match-maker," but there was no sign of money exchanging hands, no sign of anything forced or illegal.
"Hey, DeSoto.  Question. Bad omegas... they get sent to auction, right?  Do you know anything about that?"
Tony relaxed.  Even though Steve sounded pissed off, the words he said washed over Tony like a breath of fresh air.
Tony sipped out of his mug, feeling better about all this.  He wasn't sure what had prompted Steve's little outburst backstage (maybe he was jealous over Jeanette?  he shouldn't have been, Jeanette was clearly not interested. A shame.) but he felt like they were over that already.  Steve would talk about his little charity, Tony would made snarky comments, when the show was done filming they'd go backstage and chill with Danielle McDavid and Banksy and Boswell, and then they'd go home, pack up, and make for the lodge.
"Я думаю, что я мог бы его любила," Steve whispered. Nat squeezed his shoulder as she guided him into the car; they got in and left Tony standing, alone, in the rubble of his mansion.
"How the hell can you tell if you're compatible--" began Tony, but stopped.  He hadn't known a goddamn thing about Steve when they bonded. They'd been scent-mates.  Independent of higher brain function, their body chemistries had been compatible and they'd bonded based purely on scent.
They climbed into Tony's car, parked by the camp's entrance.  An American flag was flapping in the breeze on a pole above them.  Tony looked up at it with a small huff.
"Hey, I'm here," Steve murmured to calm him down as he felt Tony tense beside him. He moved to sit down, giving Tony better access to his  neck and
"I don't think he's gonna be capable of running when his mate goes into heat. Sure, your metabolism will burn through it. But I only need ten minutes. Then I'm out of here."
"...I can shave the beard," said Tony after a moment.  "Pepper sort of hates it, too." He was still staring down at his cup.
"...he has a history," added Phil, softly.  He probably wouldn't have said it if he thought Tony were capable of comprehending.  And Tony didn't react, at least not consciously. He remained pressing Steve into the couch, laying over him like expecting a live grenade to hit them at any moment.
It didn't have any immediate effect, not a noticeable one, anyway; Steve's gaze was already too distant.
fault for chasing Steve away. He didn't deserve support or even forgiveness and yet moments earlier Steve had been offering to...
. That was a scary, modern-day word. But then Steve had technically performed on stage countless times with the USO... and that was all live. He couldn't see the crowd properly but he could see a lot of people and the bright green light of the camera above. He wondered how close the thing was to his face, how much of his expressions they would be able to see.
"Many artists have offered to perform, including a few comedians. We're thinking we pick the best, the ones most likely to draw in viewers," Pepper said. "And maybe slip Steve into a song or two, for the 'hype'." She gave Steve a warm look, but he looked slightly terrified at the idea.
Steve laughed grimly and shook his head. "Honestly, after doing it for two days...I think I'd share that sentiment."
Steve trailed a finger down the curve of Tony's neck, eyes glazed over as he watched it. He blinked. He huffed out a soft breath. Maybe he should care more but all he really cared about right now was Tony, the way he felt inside of him and the way his hands felt on his waist. He shifted a little and grunted when Tony's cock twitched inside of him.
The only one who looked unfazed was Vanko.  His smell was vicious and Tony was certain he was absolutely crazy.  Completely unhinged.  So far, the only sign Tony had had that he cared about anything other than revenge was the mention of a bird, which made no sense.  If anything, it only further convinced Tony of Vanko's utter madness.
His gaze flicked down to Steve's chest.  There was a circle on Steve's chest, mirroring the arc reactor; Tony must have pressed that into Steve while fucking him without thinking.  Tony forgot he had sharp edges.
As soon as Bucky had let go of Steve, the blond crawled to the opposite side of the cage and pressed his back against the glass, watching with wide eyes as Bucky rebelled against his handler. He was shaking. Hell, he was practically hyperventilating. That had felt surreal, what had just happened...but Bucky had
The omega to their side was giving him a wide eyed look, like Steve should know better. Maybe he should. But he couldn't sit here stone-faced like he gave a shit. Steve didn't get it. He never would. Even Bucky hadn't treated him like this in the forties. These people were insane.
"Happy birthday," Steve murmured, a smile tugging at his lips. He could feel Tony's excitement which in turn made him feel almost hyper.
"...don't spoil the class for me, man," said Tony, rolling his eyes.  Eric didn't notice, but Piper did; for a split second, her eyes lit up with the mischievous amusement of a normal teenage girl.  Then it was gone.
He looked up at the wall piece again.  Was that how Steve saw him?  It was beautiful.  A good way to preserve the old arc reactor.
Tony stared curiously at the bag on the table.  He couldn't think of anything Steve could possibly get him.  He had a vivid mental image of a t-shirt with a phrase like
"Yeah, okay.  I'm gonna go drop off Malick's shirts and then think up in our room for a while," said Tony.
"Mentally, heats are a very... vulnerable time.  Bonds are strongest during heats," said Gleason, addressing Steve.  "Once you're out the other side, you should feel him less strongly."
He cast a look around, feeling hopeless.  He pined for Steve and for Karpov, and now the twins had abandoned him, too.  He was alone in the world and all he had was the clothes on his back and the notebook under his arm.
Steve sighed quietly with a lopsided smile. "I don't want anyone else; I don't wanna feel it from the other end.  I like being an omega.  I just... I just want... just you," he whispered and reached down to grab the dogtags. "These. Don't want these- why did you- where did they come from..." He suddenly looked upset. Steve fiddled and sat up and dropped them on the floor before he tilted his head up to kiss along Tony's jaw.
"Howie, a kid that smart will turn out fine.  You're doing your best," said Jarvis.  "Look at him; he's curious, he's thriving."
"Holy shit," said Tony, who couldn't believe such rules had actually been written down.  Aria looked murderous.
"We think it would be best if you came to see him now.  He's awake and he's very comfortable, but--"
Obviously his brain just got confused and mixed up me with someone else.  Case closed.  ...Steve, you don't have a brother or something who's an Alpha, right?  ...No, obviously, it was just a mix-up.  Case.  Closed."
Bucky fell asleep because Steve had asked him to, and remained asleep for the rest of the car ride south, out of New York and into Pennsylvania, as the sun set and the moon rose.
, huh, why not Vanko?  Did you know him, too, huh?  Did you know Anton Vanko?  My dad's secret Russian pal?"  He jabbed a finger at Natasha.  "I bet
as Steve was flung off of the treadmill and against the wall. He groaned loudly and let his head fall back against the wall. "Aw, raspberries."
"I'm not watching you die because of mistakes I made seventy years ago," Steve disagreed, curling up under the sheets. He missed being small again, being able to hide under the sheets when he'd pissed Bucky off.
Sam shuddered as a breeze blew through; the papers in the lab fluttered around like a million white bats.
"Okay," Steve said softly. A shiver ran down his spine. The thought of Tony putting it on for him...it was appealing, he couldn't deny it. Maybe if he made it clear to Tony that, in his own way, Steve enjoyed this too...then the Alpha would feel less bad about it, even though there was no real need to. Steve enjoyed being submissive for Tony and this was about as submissive as it dammed got.
Banksy sat down next to Steve, watching the way Tony clutched him even tighter. He was in preheat, yes, but even this was over the top for Tony. "Let's just focus on Donner," Steve said but when he reached for Banksy's hand he let him take it. Banksy looked better than when Steve had seen him last. His hair was tied up, neatly enough, and he was wearing smart patterned trousers with a more casual-looking shirt.
like them," he assured him quietly. "You treat me like a person. Like an equal. People like Frond... she thinks she's better than me because of the way she was born and nothing more." He scoffed a little.  "I don't usually pull rank, you know? But it was kind of scary being in a room full of people who did not give a shit about the fact that I'd risked my life for this country. I don't usually blow my own trumpet but I
he thought, panicking, but Pepper was cooing over the other baby that Brent was holding.  The babies were wearing matching pink knitted hats and were indistinguishable, except that the one strapped to Brent was asleep and the one Tony was holding was drooling copiously all over him, like some sort of retarded St. Bernard.  Tony was scared to move; he looked like Jeffrey had just handed him a nuclear bomb.
"So, Steve, part of your reason for coming here was to talk about being an omega.  Tell me, how different do you find attitudes towards omegas now to back in the forties?"
"Whoa, careful!" said Happy, grabbing him.  A couple of paramedics approached but Tony waved them away grouchily.
His gaze flitted over Tony, slowly taking him in. "I don't like the beard," he said quietly but there no real bite to his words.
They drove back to the hotel in silence.  When they got there, Tony stalked up to their suite, strode into the bedroom, and slammed the door in a way that indicated he didn't want to be bothered.
Steve blinked dumbly as he slowly processed Tony's words. "Right. The phone," he said with a thick swallow and fumbled around against the couch cushions. Steve sighed when he saw the caller ID.
Tony stared at her, dumbstruck.  Who the fuck cared where the chopper was or wasn't?  He took a second shot; she deflected it.
, but it's like pulling teeth with the execs, they don't want to give him full creative control... he's still got plenty of energy, though, you know, he's about your age."
.  ...we should've taped that and then leaked it."  He was half-joking. He knew Steve would be mortified by that idea.  But Tony sort of wished there was a way to show the world that, at the age of 40, he was still capable of sexually destroying someone much younger and fitter.  Someone who also happened to be Captain fuckin' America.
"Yes it goddamn is!" Steve let out a mirthless laugh and turned to face him, hands balled up into fists by his sides. Natasha could see that he was shaking. "You don't want me to be happy because when I was isolated and lonely I was easier to control. You want me to play at being a good little soldier like I used to. Well I tell you what,
"I wasn't in the same class as Ty.  He's about two years older than me," said Rex.  "Oh, but Waffles, I knew him at Pine Hills! Back then his name was Stan.  You should talk to him, too. He only got a partial arvicolinectomy and I hear he's doing really well."  Rex smiled, clearly happy for Waffles. "They closed down halfway through his, uh,
"Can I can an update on where in the hell Clint is?  He should've been able to take those guys out from the roof.  This suit isn't exactly what you'd call stealthy."
"You know, that was the original name of his robot?  The one he built in college? Bunn-E. Because it had two antennaes, remember, Tony?  Like rabbit ears."
Everything Steve had said was impossible.  First of all, Bucky couldn't be alive and unaged.  That was
They walked back down the wood stairs, stopping by the dining room to get cups of hot cocoa to take onto the back porch.
The hours before a fight were always...strange. It was a time of quiet excitement and giddy anticipation. It was a time to cherish what you had just in case you didn't get time to later. Not that Steve had any doubts about this mission...but within twelve hours they would be in a fight, probably killing people who were trying to kill them, and that sort of thing made you appreciate the calm before the storm. Steve didn't want to have any regrets.
"Well..." said Tony slowly.  "...sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette.  I mean... I don't know, maybe there's omegas out there getting shit over this.  But it's not because of you, Steve.  All you did was tell it like it is, and there's always going to be assholes out there who use that as an excuse to shove around people below them.  That's just how it is, you know?  You can't protect everyone.  Clearly, you have a hero complex."  Tony looked out the window thoughtfully, pushing his hand through his hair, ruining the careful style he'd spent so long on earlier, at the house.  "...someone needed to say something, Steve.  If it wasn't you, I'm sure some other omega would have come along and started the conversation.  Don't feel guilty.  You're doing the best you can, but even if you're a super soldier, you're still just one guy.  ...maybe you should talk to another omega about this, I dunno.  Barton and Coulson- they both seemed pretty enthusiastic."
He almost managed not to sound impatient.  No time to go up to the lounge. His fear had made him restless.  Besides, Pepper and Sitwell had gone in the direction of the stairs.  No guarantee of privacy, which was apparently important to Steve. (Tony had already been seen naked by Pepper dozens of times.  He had zero shame at this point; frankly he would love to show off that he was fucking Captain America.)
"Hey," he called out.  He looked back at himself in the mirror.  He looked a lot more like himself, his beard shaping into a sharper, more manageable goatee.  "...I left your room alone," he said. "...not really much choice, since you crammed my old reactor into the wall and stuff."  He was trying to downplay the fact that, truthfully, the reason he'd kept all the orchids, and Steve's room, and all of Steve's stuff, was that deep down, he wanted Steve back.
"Lemme just grab another drink and then we can go learn about how we've been doing it wrong the last year," said Tony, tugging Steve's hand.  He swung y the bar to get himself a martini before walking off into the lobby to try to find the right room.
Tony wracked his brain.  "...Morgan?" he repeated.  Neither looked familiar. They both looked like every other girl in the place, in a too-short, too-tight dress and heels that looked monstrously uncomfortable.
Steve returned home over twenty-four hours later, at two in the morning, and found a passed out Tony by his door. Tony looked like he'd set up shop right there in the hallway; there was a brown paper bag beside him with an (empty) bottle in it.
"What?  ...oh. Oh, yeah, work's going good," said Tony.  He felt stiff from sitting with his legs and arms around Steve.  He stretched. "Did you say dinner? Yeah, let's do it."
"Hey Steve! How was your night with DeSoto?" Hal grabbed his arm, pulling him over. Donner looked uncomfortable. Hal's eyes were glinting. "You get him all independent and thinking on his own? Will his Alpha be horrified?" Hal's collar was white and thin today, barely even visible. Steve was sure he wouldn't be able to get away with something like that; they wanted it to be clear on Captain America.
"I keep it locked," said Tony.  He punched in the code and let her in.  Her eyes widened a little at the mess; suit components were scattered all over the floor of the garage and every available surface was piled high with wires, circuits, bolts, screws, tools, and the occasional empty bottle.
Tony brushed his teeth in the shower and washed his hair, feeling a bit better.  When he was hungover, he took his showers at a lukewarm temperature; the coolness felt good.
This, felt Tony, was a sort of penance.  For the rest of their lives Tony was going to have to deal with Steve's smell, like a scar, knowing that the reason it was there was because of him.
"...I didn't think you and him would ever show up for a conference like this.  Oh! This is Shimmer, my omega."
...they stopped when I finally started building something.  But it wasn't for them.  It was for me.  And thus..."  Tony gestured dramatically.  "Iron Man was born from the ashes."
"How's it look?" asked Tony.  His goatee was twitching slightly as he repressed a grimace; one of the residents was gently moving his ankle around, checking the range of motion.
Tony didn't speak the rest of the ride; he sat with his eyes closed, looking surprisingly serene.  By the time they were pulling into the base, Tony looked as calm and cool and collected as Steve had ever seen him.  He reached out and put his hand over Steve's on the lever as they parked.
"Just before I 'died.' The plan was always to walk through the front door right into Schmidt's plan." Steve's eyes blurred over a little at the memory, his face paling as he recalled the violence.
Gideon smiled like a shark. Steve wanted to slam his arm against his neck and throw him against the wall. He wanted to demand to know everything. But Gideon wasn't to give him anything.
"At the JDEM Facility guarding the Tesseract," confirmed Tony, fishing for a slice of cucumber floating around in his drink.
it, and this one guy was talking about how happy he was that his son was an Alpha now... oh my God... we've gotta stay here and get as much shit on them as we can so we can fight this."  Tony squeezed Steve's hand.
"You know you're gorgeous, right?" he said quietly.  He played with some of the bubbles floating on the surface.  "I know what you're thinking.
stupid.  There's lots of people who aren't real people, like... like Mavis Beacon or Betty Crocker."
Steve could still smell Tony's anxiety, of course.  But Fury couldn't.  It took twelve to twenty-four hours to completely shake the aftereffects, but Tony was willing to dismiss his feelings and pretend he was over it already.
Steve did the only thing he could think to. He lifted his gun to his own head and stood, the Winter Soldier instantly letting him go.
"And that heat! Jesus. That was awful. I hadn't one before in this century and I had forgotten how shit they are with the serum. Before they'd lasted like a day or didn't even start at all. I got to spend a whole week in preheat. It was awesome," Steve recalled fondly. He would paint fanatically in preheat, his imagination completely boundless. He'd never produced such raw and honest art work outside of it.  Preheats, like postheats, could be fun.  It was the heat itself that was crippling.
At some point in Tony's rant, Steve's eyes dropped and then began watering.  He pressed into the wall, smaller, posture submissive, and when Tony told him to kneel, he dropped like an invisible hand had shoved him down.
Tony began to protest but then Gleason's beeper went off.  He checked it; his eyes lit up. "I'm sorry; I have to go. Do you have any more questions for me?  Anything I can do to help?" he asked Steve. He gestured to the beeper and then added, quietly, "Jeffrey's just gone into labor.  You know Jeff? ...head of the Horseshoe Society council?"
Tony put a hand over his face and breathed.  He was shaking slightly from an unwanted adrenaline rush.
"You wanna call for a taxi or take my bike?" Steve asked as they headed into the lift of his apartment block.
Tony smiled a little in response to Steve's smile.  "...Dad used to say I was real stupid for a genius," he said, almost fondly.  Howard had frequently accused Tony of acting stupid and, though it had hurt at the time, Tony could now see some of the humor in it.  His IQ was immeasurable, estimated to be somewhere in the low two hundred range, and he was supposedly the third smartest man in the world.  Of all his father's biting remarks, being called "stupid" had been the one most easy to brush off. And Tony suspected that Howard hated having a kid that was smarter than him.
"We'll replace your goddamn computer. Send us the bill," Steve huffed and moved towards the center of the room. Where the hell had they gone? Fuck.
He looked up when Tony came in. Steve stared at the offered hand and then took it, squeezing lightly with a half smile tiredly tugging onto his lips. He stood with a slight wobble. "Peggy is gonna kill me, with all the shit I've caused," he said, and he was only half-joking. He let Tony lead them into the bedroom. Peggy was protective of him in a motherly sort of way and she was very much used to dealing with Steve pulling shit, but that never meant she became any less exasperated with him.
Because of the sheer size of Tony's home, the search was taking a while.  Tony kept checking his watch impatiently; he was tired and drunk and in pain and wanted nothing more than to collapse into bed.
"Steve." He heard Natasha give a long, defeated sigh. "You need to get out of the hotel. I'm more worried about Tony than you. Bucky will probably try and kill him." A chill ran down Steve's spine.
"Really," Steve said. "The omega's name is DeSoto. He's totally subordinate to his Alpha. It's insane. He's prepared to do literally anything for his mate , even though he
"...you don't say," said Tony, trying to play it cool.  His body was betraying him; he was shivering with anticipation.  Steve's fingertips were roaming over his skin and Steve was staring at him with those sharp blue eyes and Tony was melting into the bed.  He liked how Steve teased him, how Steve sometimes paused before responding, as if he was considering whether or not he really would.  He always did but seeing Steve think about it, knowing he was his own person... Tony liked it.
"We do! Hey, little bro!" Trey turned around to beckon one of brothers over. The one who'd gotten Steve shit-faced before. "Come on, let's go to the kitchen and make some drinks guys."
Karpov turned his gaze to his soldier, and the Winter Soldier was surprised to see there was no anger there.  Even though he'd displayed emotion, which he wasn't supposed to.  Karpov didn't look angry.  He looked... triumphant.
No, none of that mattered now.  The world had shrunk to Steve, who Tony could tell was aroused; he's kneed apart Steve's legs but it was useless motion and he felt trapped in the goddamn armor; he was seriously considering trying to just tear it off himself, but he didn't want to let go of Steve's wrists or neck...
"We've got pizza!" George announced as they stepped back inside and everyone began sharing boxes around.
"I would be on the frontlines, but my heat is due, so anything on air will have to be prerecorded. I'm also already committed to a documentary in my pre-heat stage so I can't even do anything then. I'm afraid I won't be around for any of it." Steve was a little sad that he might miss the big reveal, but he was also well aware that his place wasn't in a law court. He could stand around and look pretty but that would do very little to actually help with the situation. "But a pre-recording for you would work, if that's what you wanna do." Banksy was so sweet; Steve wasn't sure he could ever really deny him in an interview. "About the security council thing, when you said I was with you and I wasn't, you know, on the run... I never got a chance to thank you for that--"
"Tony, he's chosen you, he's here with you, what more do you--" began Tiberius with exasperation.  He paused. Tony's hackles were still up and there was a shiny pink mark on the back of his neck.
With the towel hung low around his hips Steve searched through his new clothes, which had mysteriously found their way into a wardrobe.  Seriously, were the maids invisible or something?
doing the auction, right?  I know sometimes you get a little hyper-focused on your projects, but even with Eighty-Four in the works, you're going to take some personal time with your mate, aren't you?"  Another pause. "Have you told him about it, yet? Because we're getting closer and closer, and Tony seems like he's..."
"Yes, I know Tony, thank you," said Pepper distractedly.  Her heels clipped down the stairs and she punched in Tony's code: 1009.
She, Clint, and Tony exited the observation room and walked into the interrogation room.  It wasn't an especially warm place; there was a table, two chairs, and absolutely zero decoration, unless you counted the mirror on one wall that had the observation room on the other side.
Tony's eyes widened.  "Okay! I'm hungry! I'm thirsty!  I've got to pee!" He tried to focus on these ideas but it was like trying to focus on one of the floating swigglies in your eye; any attempt to look at it head-on made it evaporate.  He squeezed his eyes closed so hard that it hurt. "...they didn't even provide a bucket," he repeated. "...there's just a drain in the floor."
Tony smiled, shifting a little so he could look up.  "I'll get you a warm towel," he said softly. He kissed the inside of Steve's thigh before getting up and stretching, looking down at the relaxed blond on his bed.
He hoped they remembered to tell Karpov he was here because overwise he was going to be in big, big trouble when he failed to return to his handler.
something.  I'm supposed to be a better Alpha than this."  He cuddled into Steve's body.  Steve's face was in his chest and Tony's arms were wrapped around Steve's body, and he was all too aware that Steve was bigger, his body solid.
He had a few sparring sessions with Nat, just to make sure he didn't lose his touch. She didn't mention the simulation and Steve was grateful for it. It was clear that, the more they paid attention to it, the worse it was going to get.
And Tony remembered, heart pounding a little faster, that DeSoto had asked about his neck that very morning.
"It's not your fault you were force-bonded Steve. And it's not yours either Tony. It's only one person's fault--"
He grabbed one of the $7 bottles of water from the mini-bar and offered it to Donner.  Donner didn't open it because he didn't want to cost this Alpha any more money and get yelled at later by Chantelle.
Clint was quiet and clever. He knew battlefields and battle tactics, but more than that. He was stealthier than Nat (almost impossible). He had a hell of a track record, most of which was classified. When Steve idly thought about actually leading the team Tony was obviously the person who'd be sent to deal with security. Clint would be the person you'd send up top to take out men before they even got to them. Of course, Tony would be amazing on the field... Steve had no doubt. But that certainly wouldn't diminish anyone else's contribution. Tony was a tech guy.  Not a sniper.
"...and then I said, to hell with playing it safe, I'm already dying, let's see what this bad boy can do, and so I put it in my chest and,
Tony watched the whole thing unfold passively: Steve protesting but obediently getting a condom; Steve rolling it down Tony's erection, wasting no time in mounting him; Steve bouncing on his dick, stroking it longingly.  Tony let out a sigh of relief and then a whine of pleasure, flopping back luxuriously, when Steve pulled the knot in.
"Mute," said Tony grumpily, then changed his mind and said, "...actually, go back to reading Steve's headlines.  At least one of us is doing some good in this world..."
Steve kicked an especially big chunk of wall out of the way with a grimace. He almost didn't want to speak and break Tony's 'mojo' as it were but he had to ask. "Is there anything else I can do?"
He sipped the drink, staring out the window at the ocean and the sun glinting off the water.  He wanted to make sure the last bits of panic from his nightmare were completely gone before he went to find Steve.
Tony couldn't have been more excited by the sudden turn of events.  He followed Jarvis, his mother, and the newcomer down the stairs toward the living room.  Jarvis deposited him on the couch and turned to Maria.  "I'll call the authorities."
"I'm not at liberty to discuss it, but yeah, it's huge.  It'll blow your socks off," said Tony. "All the flower proceeds are going towards our project."
Tony was about to complain about people bursting into his home in the middle of the night and demand to know how Fury had gotten past security, but his words died in his mouth because behind Fury was Phil and Tony's mind was instantly wiped of all thoughts.  Phil was, for once, not in a suit and that alone was incredibly disconcerting; he was in a pair of track pants and a Ramones t-shirt (Tony approved of this very much). He was shining with sweat as if he'd run all the way there and kept wiping his face off with a handkerchief that was already thoroughly soaked.
"I did?  Maxwell's equations, how drunk am I?"  Tony dropped the Rubik's cube and fumbled to pick it up.  He knew he was too drunk to pass a field sobriety test.  He was taking up to five minutes to solve the cube.
"Uh, we're enjoying each other's company?  Because we're mates?" ventured Tony, fingers still buried behind the waistband of Steve's briefs.  He looked up. "You okay, Stevie?"
Tony surfaced from sleep only partially, vaguely aware that Steve was sitting up, pulling away from him.  He grunted with displeasure and squeezed Steve's waist.
There was the noise of a door opening; Tony looked over lazily.  Pepper was peeking out. "Steve, Gideon Malick wants to meet with you this evening."
Steve couldn't help but chuckle when Tony bopped him with the pillow. He caught it and gently tugged on it to tug Tony closer. He pressed a kiss to his cheek. "We have like...eight hours. I woke you up with time for waffles, and whatever else," his voice dropped a tone quieter. "But you really should shower first," he told him with a half smile.
"Those are almost as bad as Gideon, Jr.," said Tony.  "Just give the kid a regular name if he's an omega, instead of something stupid."
Tony pointed the heels of his hands to the ground and hit the thrusts a hell of a lot harder than he meant to.  He slammed into the ceiling, two feet away from the hole, and bounced back down to the ground.
"Would you have still wanted me if I was still smaller?" he asked, finally speaking after a pregnant silence.
"Wait!" cried Cooper.  "I have a question! Did you-- did you always know you were an omega or did you have to wait to find out like me?"
Tony forced a smile back.  "You and me both, Stevie. ...this time, let's try to figure it out together, okay?  Instead of, y'know, creating an international incident." He scratched his beard again.  "I'm gonna go shave. I look awful." He paused. "I talked to Nick yesterday and he says Dad used to grope you a lot.  Is that true?"
Shit.  Yet another hiccup in his life.  He'd have to talk to... well, shoot, who did you go to for something like that?  Colonel Phillips, maybe?
Karpov didn't hit him.  He brushed the hair away from his face instead.  He felt affection for his handler.  Karpov, he knew, was proud of him; he'd often heard him stand up for him before, when others doubted him.
... omega... " murmured Tony blissfully, stroking Steve's head.  "Yes... oh, yes... you're sure you've never done this before... oh, fuck, yes... Steve... Steve, will you swallow for me?" He clenched his teeth as he felt Steve's tongue roam over a vein and trace the head briefly.  "F-f-
.  That bit went unsaid.  Did Tony always think this way, act like the whole world was against him?  He bit back another sigh and glanced down at a buzz from his tablet.  Messages from Pepper were popping up.
"Well... right now they have me training SHIELD recruits. It's actually... fun. I went on a date with a girl named Rory last weekend, weird name, I know; I'm seeing her again tonight. Nothing crazy has really happened since Yemen, to be honest. Yeah, they were pissed at me but they got over it quickly enough."
Why hadn't he been there.  Why hadn't he been shot instead.  The memory of Steve bursting into the reception room covered in blood was burned into the back of his mind, and while he'd been able to handle it in the room full of people, now that the dinner was over, it was hitting him, full-force.  It was a living nightmare.  Steve wasn't supposed to be mortal.  He was Captain America, he wasn't supposed to get hurt.
"Having your respect counts for a lot, by the way," Steve said quietly just after swallowing a mouthful of pancakes down.
"There was red mist in the air around her. Her eyes glowed. She was the one who did it. They kept calling her a witch. And she had the same eyes as the fast one we found in the HYDRA base before. From the reports."
He went into the closet to hang up his suit and tie; he threw his shirt on the floor and pulled on an undershirt to sleep in.  Steve, he noted, was still sleeping clothed.
"Hey, Pep?  ...seriously, thanks for running the company.  And the charity. And basically everything."
"Hi there, Captain Rogers," said the psychiatrist with a smile.  She was an Alpha, though not a particularly dominant one. She had long, straight, dark hair and a few freckles on her nose that Tony no doubt would have been drooling over if he was awake.  "I'm Doctor Brennan from the National Institute of Mental Health. I'm going to be accessing you over the next week, if that's alright. How are you feeling?"
"...Steve," he said suddenly.  "...Steve, I just thought of something.  Remember how I sort of joked we needed a medication nanny?  ...what about Ty? He's your friend, and my friend, kind of, and we know we can trust him, and he's an omega but he's not an omega who goes into heat... I doubt I'd even be able to smell him while you were in heat."  Ty's unsettling smell always caused people to lean unintentionally away from him. But when Steve was in heat Tony doubted a tire fire could have bothered him.
"Okay, okay, okay, I fucked up, I--"  Tony paused. Another cloying smell had hit him, but this one wasn't pleasant.  Not at all. It made the back of his neck prickle uncomfortably.
Steve pulled out his phone. There was no reply from Phil about Piper's sister yet, which could be a bad or a good sign.
Pepper swept a bunch of papers and an old take-out container off one of Tony's desk chairs and sat.  "Yes," she said, once she was seated.
an omega are very different things.  What you see here is an omega that was given rewards out of pity but never required to earn them.  Rewards and punishments should both always be
"Are you going to finally feed us?" Steve asked, cocking his head at the director again. The man laughed gently.
"--maybe we can-- just talk about it later," mumbled Tony finally.  Briefly, he felt annoyed at that shitty doctor in Tijuana who had snipped him the first time and apparently not done it correctly.  He wondered if he could go get a refund after twenty years.
He placed the phone on the counter.  "...Thirteen?  I'm in the location and I've got at least three hostiles outside.  What's your position?"
"I don't mean in the base. I mean on the day you went on like an eight-hour drive to do a five-hour journey. Did you?"
The room he was in was small, practically a cell, his feet almost touching the opposite wall. With a pained grunt he managed to get himself up on his right leg alone. He moved to try and open the door.  Locked. Of course. Steve stared out of the window, at a peek of sunlight streaming up through the clouds.
"I met this omega. His Alpha used to have an omega before him; he was 'badly' behaved because he was bought and tried to escape. One day he did escape, maybe, or he went to one of those auctions... he always said he wanted to find his brother. And he has your brother's name, Charles Bernard Barton. I thought you'd wanna know."
Steve woke early to a silent house. Even with so many guests in it, it was quiet. When Steve went downstairs he couldn't see anyone and Phil wasn't asleep in his tepee. It was almost eerie, how quiet it was. Steve eyed the broken marble and felt a little impressed with himself in all honesty. Though a little bad too (but not really.)
Tony wobbled to his feet uncertainly and peered over at the sink.  His stomach flopped. "Ew," he said without meaning to.
"You want me to take a personal day and also schedule all your interviews for you?" repeated Pepper drily.
"...I know.  I can feel it.  But why?  I told him yesterday I was coming back.  Does he thinks I got back with him, or something?"
"Steve.  Hey. You can see.  You can see me, hear me, smell me.  I'm right here." Tony reached over his head and pulled off his shirt (Pepper made a noise of protest), then guided Steve's hand to his arc reactor.  "Feel that? See it? It's warm, isn't it? Blue, like your eyes."
Tony kissed him back automatically, eagerly.  "I need to eat before I die," he murmured against Steve's lips, smiling, staring into his eyes.  "And then... I dunno... whatever you wanna do."
"Okay," Steve said quietly and pulled away from the counterand consequently out of Tony's grasp. His conversation with the doctor had left him feeling strange and he didn't really know what to think. He also knew that Tony probably drank himself to sleep last night. He sighed. It wasn't like the anniversary was tomorrow. Steve had ten more days of this.
He was currently reading an article about Steve, which featured a picture of him.  He traced the blond's face longingly, remembering his smell, his taste, a smoky, piney musk with a salted caramel finish, a taste that reminded him of Coney Island and bright summer days on the boardwalk and winter nights in crowded tenement buildings and snowball fights with bright red scarves.  Everything about Steve was a nostalgic hint of memories that the soldier currently did not have access to, but ones he was confident were important and useful.
"Steve?!" repeated Tony.  Now that the drones weren't attacking them and Vanko wasn't moving, Tony could only think of the blond, remember how his body, his fleshy, organic, and very mortal body, had been tossed by Vanko, tossed and slammed into a wall, and panic was rising in him.
thought Tony as he closed one eye and lined up the sight... this wasn't how he'd envisioned spending his anniversary...
About a week after their return from England, in mid-June, Tony woke up one morning and walked downstairs to find all of the orchids gone.  He had been so used to the house being blanketed in plants that it looked oddly empty, and his voice echoed slightly. Pepper had gotten all but the few they'd decided to keep off to the gala, leaving in their place a pair of tuxes for Tony and Steve to wear.
Pepper hadn't spoken with Steve since New Year's Eve.  She had been completely absorbed into Tony's black hole of depression, and she suspected Steve wouldn't want to talk to her because she was too close to Tony.  She did miss him, though.
The home theater had no windows; it was a perfectly immersive experience.  But even if it had had windows, outside, the sun had set, and the house was dim; most of the light in the room was coming from Tony's arc reactor.  It was bright, but small, and cast everything into blue shadows, giving the impression they were underwater.
In a few hours' time they would have their answer about Donner, and Tony wanted to point out that perhaps Donner would be okay, that this was only the beginning and in a week or two weeks or a month or something, Donner would come out of his shell and act normally and stop weeping at any mention of his precious "Giddy," who had ruined his life.
Yasic leaned his elbows on the railing and inhaled, looking out over the dark city below them.  "...is it true that he'll do anything?"
With every word Tony said Steve seemed to get increasingly upset and curl in on himself, looking small in a way that should surely be impossible. His hands were fisted in his dressing gown, he was in danger of tearing the fabric. He felt like he was teetering on a knife edge again but he wasn't even sure what was
Pepper winced.  "Yes. And you're going with a full detail.  People are going to lose it if they think you're trying to collar Steve... well, they're already losing it."
The man's eyes roamed from Steve's neck, to Tony's, back to Steve.  But he didn't comment. "...you have a nice flight in?" he asked, with forced casualness.
, you know?  I'm Tectonic but you can call me Trey, that's short for Tremell and only my real good friends call me that, but you and me, we're buddies, right?  We're omega
Tony didn't wait to make sure they were listening.  If he was right (and he had a sinking feeling that he was) then he was about one or two minutes away from being attacked.  It was Monaco all over again.
Tony made it to the bar, happily rose, lose his balance immediately, and swept six different bottles to the concrete floor, where they shattered.  Tony paused, lying there, surrounded by broken glass.  "...I'm a little bit drunk," he informed Steve helpfully.  His words slurred into each other.
It was almost nine in the evening now and night time was creeping up on them. Steve was kinda hungry and horny and couldn't really decide which he wanted to tackle first.
He paused, cocking his head.  Outside, they could hear the constant white noise generated by the ocean, and the wind coming off the Pacific creating a constantly, ghostly whisper as the palm fronds rubbed against each other.  Tony's whole front yard ("yard" was an understatement) was groomed to perfection, in defiance of the California climate and drought; he had lush grass and tropical plants and bushes carved into shapes and all sorts of elegant flora.  It was something of a personal Eden, though Steve rarely saw Tony go out to enjoy it. Once or twice, Tony had wandered out to grab avocados off a tree. (Steve had never tried one; New York didn't have a hell of a lot of avocados in the thirties.)  But for the most part the garden was serene and untouched.
"Hey," Steve appeared at Tony's side, a hand on his arm. "You think maybe it's time to head home, Hm?" He asked with a gentle squeeze.
And what to do with them afterwards?  They couldn't send them home but Tony didn't want to adopt a person, have them hovering around his house like a permanent DeSoto.  These omegas were here because they couldn't imagine a world without strong guidance from an Alpha. They couldn't just be let go. They'd end up right back here.
"Pepper, also, since you're here, I gotta talk to you alone about something," said Tony breezily.  "Steve's birthday, I have an idea, I need your help--"
"I feel like I could sleep forever," he murmured and wiggled against Tony lazily in a playful manner. Steve knew he would drift off if they stayed like this. But they did also have several hours until the auction. He also couldn't stop smiling.
The beam flickered off.  The particle ring slowly, slowly dimmed.  But didn't go out.  It remained glowing a steady blue.
and he felt a bit uncomfortable about that.  He didn't want to throw a big party with a bunch of people much younger than him.  He'd already gotten that from Banksy's party. Besides, Tony liked to flirt when he was drunk, and he always had a few old flings show up, and he knew Steve got jealous.
Steve moved to run a hand down Tony's arm before threading their fingers together. "Tony," he murmured and blue eyes flickered up to meet brown. "You saw that place. You saw that chair. They had militant scientists who were willing to kill themselves for a cause. We saw that, that's
Steve squirmed and then tensed under him, coming onto the sheets in Tony's hand with a cry that was muffled by the pillow under his lips. His hair would need fixing again, no doubt. Steve clenched around him again, encouraging Tony over the edge as he rocked his orgasm out with slow stutters of his hips.
Donner, at least, was stuck; Banksy stayed largely to keep an eye on him, since George wasn't around, and Tiberius stayed to help Banksy stay sane.
Steve had attracted a small crowd. Someone had guided him to a bench to sit down on, although he still kept flinching and swatting away everyone's touches. And then he cried out, suddenly, his left arm throbbing. He ducked his head down between his knees, gritting his teeth.
The walls were now littered with drawings. He had a wall dedicated to the forties. A lot of it was of Peggy and of the faces he remembered from the forties, faces he didn't want to forget. (No Bucky though. Steve had itched to draw him but also knew he couldn't without upsetting Tony.) He'd tried to draw his mother a few times but he struggled to remember her face. Another wall was the team.: Sam, Clint, fellow omegas.  The other two walls were mostly blank for now, aside from the odd doodle. Steve's favorite was a fox that looked like it was about to climb up onto the windowsill.
She grabbed his arm and dragged him into the bathroom, shutting the door behind them.  "...you're going into heat."
But it felt like the most natural thing in the world, the way they were standing.  Tony never wanted to move again.  This was how pair-bonded Alpha-omega teams stood and it was incredibly comfortable, incredibly
It was JARVIS who woke Tony.  Tony sat up blearily, looked around at the mess he'd made over the night.  Papers and photos and empty glasses were scattered everywhere.
"TONY!" shouted someone; a moment later, Tony was being yanked into a large bear hug.  "My God, I heard you were here but I didn't believe--
Supposedly you weren't supposed to move after an accident.  Nonetheless, Tony was pretty sure that you were supposed to get out of the way when you were on a live track.  He reached up, unbuckled his seatbelt, fell onto the pavement unceremoniously, and scrambled around the remains of the car, still trying to figure out what the hell was going on.  Twisted metal, fire, rocks, heat... it was Afghanistan all over again.  Tony's heart jumped into his throat.
Tony beamed at Steve, clearly assuming Steve would be impressed by this tidbit of knowledge.  Steve looked lost.
"So you asked me out because you wanted a girlfriend, right?  Or at least... the company of a woman. Right?"
He didn't take Tony's drink out of his hands, not in public. Steve wasn't his mother. "Don't make yourself sick Tony. You'll regret it," he murmured. Steve felt sad and almost disappointed in himself… he thought he'd said he right thing to Tony. But apparently he hadn't said enough.
omega, and Tony liked that.  He liked that a lot.  He couldn't imagine how shitty it must have been for Steve in the forties, during an era when omegas were expected to bow and kneel and not make eye contact, to serve Alphas indiscriminately and unquestioningly and be grateful to do so.
"So at least one of us has some fucking sense," grumbled Tony, climbing out of bed.  He would have liked to keep sleeping, but if everyone else was already downstairs eating breakfast, Tony didn't want to be left out.
He perked up at the invitation, however. Carefully, Steve crawled onto the couch and then laid his head down against Tony's thigh. The TV was still on but he wasn't paying attention to it.
"You were very clear about status in your meeting," Steve assured Gideon coolly, blue eyes flashing with something fiery. For some reason, seeing Malick made him feel better about this whole thing.
The morning of the interview Steve woke up early to shower. He tried to calm himself down and focus on the coconut and raspberry smell of the shower gel. Steve stepped out of the steamy bathroom with just a towel around his waist. He bent down to kiss a half-awake Tony's forehead.
"Humility isn't a practice I'm especially fond of," answered Tony.  One of his hands was subconsciously running up and down Steve's arm lightly, half-paying attention to the screen of the tablet as Steve browsed the news.  "Besides, I thought we weren't gonna do any interviews 'til our honeymoon period was over.  I'd like to spend a few days with Steve
"Phil's in there," said Pepper, shoving him out of the room.  (Phil was in his nest; Steve could just barely make out suppressed groans of pain.)
Steve was setting his phone away; there was no doubt in Tony's mind Steve had probably just ordered several hundred dollars' worth of food.
Steve blinked and turned away from his reflection, slowly taking in what Tony just said. "Danielle's nice. She said she's going to buy me pizza sometime."
She'd stopped just outside of his apartment-- which was his, his own space, even though it had been paid for by SHIELD.  In the heart of Westwood, a small, posh neighborhood in Los Angeles, it was the same apartment he'd used to be undercover in Stark Industries. But it was still the closest he'd come to having his own home in this century.
The rest of the day passed in a blur. Aria and Pepper spent most of it on the phone yelling at various people while the rest of them milled about with the odd job.  (Tony's was to "not touch anything" and "put the whiskey away," something Pepper emphasized every thirty minutes.) Steve mostly drew, filling up his walls and also putting a lock on he door so he could keep the room safe during the party; he didn't want drunk people to wander in and spill drinks in his studio. The drawings were precious to him. Clear memories of his and Tony's first months together, and his past life, from before the ice.
"He's got about a week.  He is not reacting to the news very well," said the beta.  He was small, his face surprisingly serene behind a pair of wire-frame glasses.  There was a hint of an accent Steve couldn't place.  "Though I suspect he's also in shock.  He's lost a lot of blood.  ...can I get you a blanket?"
!"  Tony looked up in exasperation at Steve's blank expression.  "It's the blank box over there with a lines it in that looks like a drying rack.  And grab my level while you're over there, too.  I need this pipe to be level, I'm nearly-- CLINT!  I NEED AN ESPRESSO!"
Richard, the guy who owned Rex, was telling his own origin story.  He had not presented as an Alpha early and had spent a miserable childhood with a father who kept trying to shock him into Alphahood.  Convinced he was indeed an Alpha, he spent a lot of time jumping out at him and tossing him into the lake behind the house in the hopes of getting his hackles up.
!"  Tony hated the idea of them thinking he was gay.  He'd gone to an all-boys high school and had never felt a thing for any of his peers.  Except maybe Ty, a little bit, right before he'd disappeared.  But in Tony's defense, Ty had been an omega.
His eyes were glazed over, lips still parted as he let out little whimpers and gasps. The question Tony had asked took a while to register in Steve's brain. He nodded without thinking. "P-please..." He whispered, whining in disapproval when Tony pulled one hand away to grab the collar from the bedside table.
Tony was staring at the map on the wall, thinking of Ty, how he'd disappeared and how Tony had never given it much thought.  While Tony was filling out applications for MIT, Ty was off getting tortured, getting experimented on. It gave him chills. And the way this group so casually talked about these things... it was creepy, this sinister, underground movement.
They turned toward the short wing on the left, a beta woman was leading six children in a single-file line.  They were dressed in uniforms, with the girls in a navy skirt, knee-high socks, and white blouse, and the boys in a white button-up with navy slacks.  They all looked between ten and twelve and perfectly normal and healthy. They were all omegas.
"--I can put them on a plane to Miami but you know no one will escort them, and unless you arrange for passports, we're stuck on this godforsaken island," he was saying.  "I'm not leaving the asset. --well, can you just pick up the documents? ...no, I'm not giving them to the twins, are you stupid or something?" He sounded angry.
Tony let go of Steve's arm.  "I need to get out of this suit," he said.  "There's a gantry on sub-level three.  You guys go grab my dad's stuff without me."
Steve was still mewling.  Every noise he made hit some weird primal part of Tony's brain; he could've lost an arm and still tried to comply with Steve's wishes.
"My mom got it for me," began Tony, voice even, forcefully controlled.  "It was my favorite toy. I had it 'til I was five. Then, the day after my fifth birthday, Dad threw it in the trash.  Said I was too old for it." He paused again. "Aaliyah fished it out for me and gave it to me that night. She was one of my nannies.  She said to me-- well, it was a long time ago, but something like,
The director turned and walked away; the scientist stayed for another several minutes, taking notes.
"They'll be fine.  It's either Stark or Rogers that they want," said Hill coldly.  "Does he have a panic room or something? Fury's already aware of the situation; we need to get somewhere safe."
"I'm okay for the moment. I don't want to go on TV, not right now," Steve said as he leaned into Tony's touch. He felt the tightness in his chest and then he realized it wasn't his own. But he managed not to feel guilty about it this time. "I'm kind of sick of defending myself, if I'm honest. I don't have anything new to say.  Anyways, I should go shower," Steve breathed, offering Tony a small smile to let him know it was okay. He reached out to squeeze his fingers.
He looked up at the ceiling, now patched up by the builders. It still looked good, the lights not quite too bright. Steve sighed softly and leaned his head back against Tony's shoulder. "You make me happy, Tony," he assured him and clenched around him a little for effect. Steve smiled when he felt his reaction beneath him.
Alphas or betas from the rallies, but... all the meetings and everything are omega-only," explained Pepper.  "Status Alliance formed in the eighties and they were one of the major lobbies behind getting arranged bonding outlawed.  They consider the Horseshoe Society to be too moderate... HS has been around since the fifties so I guess from their perspective, things have gotten a lot better, but the Alliance is mostly younger members and they're a lot more uncompromising."
magazine that poor, overworked Peter had sent to him, asking for approval.  Tony had forgotten to send them back but it was on his to-do list.
"Scarface," said Tony.  "An absolutely classic.  It's a... action-drama, I guess?  The main character's name is also Tony.  ...hey, wait here real quick, okay?"  He rolled out of bed, hissed in pain, and limped into the bathroom.
Louis got up with a small sigh.  "It's okay, I've seen it all. Everyone, take a break..."  He gave Aria an almost apologetic smile. "My wife's heats are terrible."
"Good," echoed Tony breathlessly as Steve worked the knot.  "So good... good omega... my omega... my good boy..." He moaned as Steve finally pushed down over the widest part of the knot, legs trembling, and raked a hand down Steve's back.  Steve's erection was weeping with precum and Tony, who couldn't say he'd ever been especially turned on by the sight of another man's penis, found it deeply erotic, found himself fighting the urge to grab Steve and jack him off.  He wanted to, but there was something about their current power dynamic, denying Steve, that was really getting him off. And he had a suspicion that Steve was getting off on it, too, on
"You're staying.  Okay. You're staying right here," repeated Tony.  "My omega. Okay." He forced himself to take a deep breath.  He reached up shakily to touch Steve's chest. Warm, solid,
"Tom Banksy, George Burke, Donner Malick, Steve Rogers, James Rhodes, and Sam Wilson" replied JARVIS.
Tony pried the top of the shaft open; the metal groaned and shrieked.  He tossed the grate cover side and it clanged on the roof. Sam sighed, pulling on his night vision goggles.
He pulled Steve's earlobe into his mouth, half-biting and tagging, half-sucking, growling affectionately against him.  He hoped Steve remembered to call Pepper back because he sure as hell wasn't going to remember.
He felt sorry for the omega then because it seemed very difficult and lonely to be in charge of one's own self.  He lived in a neatly packaged world run by Karpov and its effectiveness, Karpov said, was a living allegory for what the world would be under HYDRA's guiding hand.  He should be proud, said Karpov, to have such an honored position, to be one of the first lucky people to have been granted this reprieve from their own destiny. He should be grateful.
He leaned down and sank his teeth into the back of Steve's neck.  He'd done it probably a half-dozen times, mating Steve the proper way, his teeth fitting comfortably and naturally into their mark.  Like any omega, Steve's mark became prominent during his heat because of his mate biting on it over and over; it would be open and fresh by the time his heat was over.
Steve had gotten her new eyeliner pencils for christmas.  She always wore strange colors, which had taken Steve some getting used to.  But now he liked seeing the purple and pink and bright red around her eyes.  He'd made sure the makeup was  'vegan' (not tested on animals).  There were little flecks of glitter in them; Natasha had helped him find them, and Aria had been delighted.
"Hey, buddy, you're in heat," said Tony.  "Also, congrats... looks like we'll be able to do 84 after all."  He offered a smile. His cock was aching. Tony couldn't exactly say he was looking forward to this; Steve's last heat had been rough on both of them.  At least for the next twelve hours, they would be semi-lucid.
Steve watched Phil flit about for a moment. He didn't really understand it. Sure, he'd torn up a few doors but that was to stop himself from doing something he'd regret. Phil seemed to be genuinely invested in his task at hand, arranged the fruit on the counter next and then the packets of pills he'd been given by the doctor. He was focused, not mindless. Steve had been focused when he'd been tearing down a cottage in the south of France in the forties.  Well.  Actually, he'd been out of his goddamn mind.
Aria gave him a fist-bump before pushing him through a pair of doors into the studio.  Steve still didn't really understand that gesture but he went along with it.
"Yeah, sorry," said Tony, glancing down at the bright-white circle on his chest.  He looked back up. Sam was a wavy human blob of yellows and oranges. "You heard Steve, they need to get into some locked stairwell.  Find me a key card or a breaker box and I pull the whole system offline."
Steve had reached out to shake Malick's hand but quickly let it fall back at the rejection. Huh. Too good to shake his hand then? Well, Steve could work with that. He offered a polite smile as he moved to sit down on Tony's right, leaving him a little closer to Malick than his mate was.
Steve moaned quietly with each roll of his hips, his legs coming up to tangle around Tony and draw him in impossibly deeper. His body trembled with the drag of Tony's member inside of him. He let out a high pitched whine when the felt the nudge of his knot against his entrance, the noise swallowed by their kiss.
Steve moved to tug on his jeans and dark shirt from before turning back to Tony. He buttoned up his shirt as he watched the engineer frowning at himself in the mirror. The way his brow knotted together was almost cute. He sighed softly and walked up to him as Tony was holding up the other tee.
"...I've been forging your signature for years," admitted Pepper.  "Sometimes it's just easier than getting you to cooperate."
"...fine. Let's go," Aria agreed with a sigh and a wave of her hand and they were heading down the steps towards their car.  The SUV, windows tinted, was idling backstage.
Steve stood slowly. As he walked around the bed he shed off clothes until he was just in his boxers and then sat on the edge of the mattress. He hesitated, before lying down and curling the duvet over himself. He felt small.
The door to the roof was locked but he grabbed the knob with his left hand and easily shouldered it open.  The rooftop was snowy, poor visibility. He squinted, cautiously making his way out onto the roof. Yes, there was a dark figure lying on the ground.  Probably his target. And to his left another figure, though he couldn't see who, but figured it was one of the twins. He gave a small, sharp nod of greeting to them, not breaking his stride as he approached the figure lying on the ground.
