Steve doesn't argue, because if the woman had this many people surrounding the area, there's no
Casey.
Tony makes a quiet sound in his throat, and then he starts moving faster, pushing up higher so that the hot-slick-slide of Steve's cock into him is longer and deeper.
. How'd it happen?"
+++++
"I am. She'd prefer to meet in person to discuss terms and sign the contract. We should get it done sooner rather than later."
out of his mind at having Tony in his embrace.
Tony blinks. “Of course I’m serious. You think i was just what, telling you you were going to get better to make you feel better?”
And it had been a great idea, them getting together. Finally feeling Steve’s lips press against his, Steve’s arms around his waist, Steve pinning him to the wall as they kissed with an intensity Tony hadn’t felt in a long, long time. Yeah, that had been a great idea.
Well, he can’t exactly argue with that. Natasha has a point — he really is the best fit for this part of the operation. Her lead is solid, and the sooner they wrapped things up, the better. One less head to chase down in the aftermath of DC that had left their entire support network in ruin, and HYDRA scattering in all directions, armed with all the SHIELD intel, tech, specs, weaponry, everything they could get their hands on. While HYDRA hadn’t exactly won the day, they hadn’t exactly lost either. What remained of SHIELD had prevented total catastrophe, but HYDRA had had the advantage of already being mobilized, already having a plan. So when they went to ground, they took a lot of valuable assets with them.
"His brain waves are shifting, he should be waking soon," Shuri's voice cuts through whatever thought Tony is deep into some time later. He sits up quickly, and turns towards the screen in anticipation. Shuri makes her way over and taps at the the display, humming thoughtfully to herself. "Much quicker than I would have thought. Then again, I guess he's not human."
"Sorry, just thinking," Steve says, standing and taking his coffee back to the counter. They've still got another hour or so before the real midday rush starts, but they've also got to get about 50 sandwiches prepped before then, so he doesn't have a lot of time to sit around thinking about the strange man who's just left.
“It’s fine, don’t worry. I know how they get when there are deadlines.”
+++++
“J, call Steve, will you?” The phone rings twice, and half a second later, connects, and and he sees Steve’s face looking at him. “I love you,” Tony says without preamble, his mouth full of a bit of food.
"I've read a lot about her work, she is brilliant," Shuri says.
"I said it's different here," Tony says, sharp and brittle. "It's different, it's complicated, and I don't even know how he feels."
Tony’s heart plummets.
"Yeah, that's how he hurt his arm."
"I'm not. The reason you and I are having this conversation? Because I'm sick of seeing you two make yourselves miserable pining after each other. So what is it? What's keeping you from seeing how much he cares about you? Feeling like you don't deserve him?"
At least Tony isn't lacking in visitors. Some of them come to drag Steve out of the room for food and hygiene and sleep. Some of them come to watch Tony sleep while sitting in silence with Steve.
"Definitely," Steve agrees. No regrets."
"Yeah," Rhodey agrees. "You love each other."
"Hold your questions, and once this is all over, we'll have a party."
"There are six," Strange told him. "The Space stone, the Mind stone, the Time stone and the Soul stone are all that are left."
"All talk, old man!" Clint calls back.
"I'm on the south perimeter," Natasha's voice comes next. Her voice is low and warm like whisky. "Clear here."
of fun in – but, of course, they won't.
"I've been trying to work some healing magic," Dr. Strange says, coming in the door behind them. "I can't tell, yet, if it's working."
He feels even more like a failure when he drops Casey off at school, and instead of running off to play after giving Tony his customary hug and kiss goodbye, he stays and looks up at his dad seriously.
"But – but it'll make the bed wet." Steve's not trying to be inappropriate here, he really isn't. It's just – he knows Tony's clothes are still wet and dirty from the snow they'd slogged through to get here. If he crawls into the bed like that, he'll catch a cold. "You'll get sick."
"Where's my son?" Tony asks, and Steve can see the scene in his mind's eye. The woman standing there, and Tony approaching her slowly. Cautiously, Steve hopes.
Rhodey snorts. "I can't wait to bring this up later, when you come to me to tell me how madly in love you are."
With a sigh, he pulls his jock underwear on, adjusting his dick and balls so they're comfortably seated in them, sliding his fingers under the straps in the back to smooth them out, trying not to think too hard about how bare his ass is. Why hadn't he just put on something else this morning? Why?
Tony blinks in confusion. "Yes? I mean, I sent you a text telling you I was okay, we're just stuck overnight."
"Oh, yeah! We're expanding! We're pretty excited about it – I wanted to be a little closer to the MoMA, but you take what you can get with real estate, am I right?"
Tony, meanwhile, had watched Stark Industries crash and burn, and did his best to drink away the guilt of letting his family's legacy become a stain on the history books.
“You can take me out, definitely,” Steve assures him. “But just so you know, I’m already yours, even when I don’t remember.”
Sitting against the wall on a chair, is Dr. Strange. He stands and greets them briefly.
Except no, okay, Steve shouldn’t really be here. The meeting is important — necessary really, for the team to keep up a working relationship with the Rest of the World. But dammit, it feels like he’s barely seen Steve at all in weeks. It’ll pass, once he’s done with his R&D deadlines, once Steve is finished this round of meetings and PR crap. But it doesn’t help
"Solid plan," Sam agrees, raising his mug. "To Brewed Awakening."
"Hey, Tony?" Steve whispers, quietly, in case he's wrong and Tony is actually asleep.
Fred glances at Tony, and hums thoughtfully, but doesn't say anything more on the subject, which Steve is grateful for. He doesn't want to accidentally start spilling his guts to a stranger, telling Fred that it's not in the cards because all he can think about when he thinks of having a family of his own is Tony and Casey. And that's not going to happen, so he shoves it out of his mind entirely.
God, he loves this man.
Steve groans above him, hips shifting restlessly as Tony dips his tongue into Steve's foreskin, lapping at the bead of precome that it inspires. He wraps his hand around the base, brushes his wrist against Steve's sac.
"I know, I know," Steve laughs, waving him off. "I'm trying to give you a hard time, and clearly it's working. But, for the record, we have zero tolerance for any harassment or discrimination here. I'll throw you out myself." He flexes his arm jokingly to prove his point.
"Assuming we win," Tony adds, the reality of what they're up against shattering the momentary joy he'd felt at seeing the wonder that is Shuri's workspace.
It always needs him.
look unattractive, but it was still jarring to see. It made her whole face look pale, so she looked like a ghost.
"Back to New York," Steve says.
of different spaces before deciding on the one that we did. We considered a number of locations, we did the market research, we have the neighbourhoods stats, we chose that location specifically because it's what we need, and we think we can provide a service that will help the neighbourhood. You said yourself, there is no place nearby for coffee, and it's a lively, vibrant neighbourhood. We're giving people a place to come together. We want to be a part of the community. "
"Shit. Steve, I'm-"
“You look like you need another drink, handsome,” she coos, nodding to his empty glass. Steve leans back in his chair and does his best to return the smile, playing up the shy charm. Natasha had coached him, telling him to go with the flow of whatever happened, and to play up that aspect of his personality. Steve had stared at her incredulously at that. She’d pointed out that it would play better than the parts of personality that were stubborn, abrasive, and sought to punch his way out. On that, he had to concede that maybe, she had a point.
When they'd asked, Tony had said no, the name doesn't mean anything to him.
"You just thought you could touch him and get away with it?" Bucky steps forward, eyes burning. Natasha doesn't stop him.
"Maybe 10 years ago," Rhodey shrugs, shaking his head. "You've changed, man. You're a disappointment to players everywhere."
Bruce huffs out a laugh. "It really is good to see you, Tony," he says.
"You said a bad!" comes a shocked voice beside him, and Tony feels the tiny hand in his tighten.
"Yeah, he really is."
"Someone must have felt what we'd done," Strange says. "Someone with power."
A plan is already forming in Bucky's mind. It's more of a 'last ditch effort' than an actual plan, but fuck it. Subtlety isn't working on these idiots – it might be time for a more direct approach.
She doesn't even look at him, instead just staring at Tony for another long, awkward moment, then turning and, somewhat huffily, collecting her laptop, her purse, and her jacket, and stomping out of the store.
The woman laughs, an edge of desperation in it. "Dad was right," she says, sniffing.
"Because none of us are uncomplicated, doll. Least of all Steve."
Though, that might be the frantic, biting worry clawing at his chest.
And how had she brought them back?
"You think he knows where it is?" Bucky asks Natasha, his voice low but not so quiet Hammer can't hear.
Strange sighs, and looks at him pointedly. "I told you, Vision was the center of the pocket reality. It was built around him, he was the lynchpin. I have no way of knowing how pulling him out of it so quickly, and so violently, will have impacted him, or what damages it might have inflicted on his mind."
"I'd like to talk to you about your new coffee shop on East 67th," Tony says, trying to put as much gravitas in his tone as possible.
. He's – he wasn't real clear, he's pretty shaken. He said Rhodes was on his way over, but that's all I got out of him."
The battle may be over, but the aftermath is only just beginning.
“Dammit Tony, it’s not like that.”
"It's not your fault, Steve," she says, and her voice is soft. He knows she means more than just taking Tony to a different reality.
SI. Stark Industries. They’re in the news constantly, for some reason or another, so he’s learned a lot about them, and he’s learned it fast. In the time he’d been out, the company that Howard had started had expanded into a worldwide mega corporation; a leader in technological advancement. It hadn’t been much of a surprise, given all that Howard was doing in Stark Industries’ early days, and all he’d contributed during the war. Of course his company would have continued on with years and years of cutting edge technology.
They give each other awkward smiles and waves, and then Tony high tails it out of there. If he's lucky, he can catch up to Rhodey and push him in front of a bus or something.
“Not really,” he says honestly. “I mean we work together fine. For work. But you have to admit, we’re not doing a very good job of… living this close to each other.”
“You… can’t actually be serious,” Steve says, but Stark is already making his way to the mats and kicking off his shoes. Steve follows helplessly.
notice when slick fingers start caressing his entrance, sliding over the furled skin. He moans, tries to relax. It really has been a while, so he has to work for it, but Steve's fingers, while large and blunt, are gentle.
But how had she found them? How had she known about Casey?
"Hey, I'm not –" Strange doesn't have a chance to finish – which is probably for the best because Tony is not having any of it right now – as Steve's communicator goes off; a sharp, startling alarm that makes Tony's heart leap into his throat.
"Did you always make coffee, Steve?" Casey asks, setting down his pencil.
Stark must see it because he shifts, and asks, “Does punching things help?”
"It had better not come to that," Vision says, and slowly pushes himself to his feet.
know. But it's fleeting, and seems to disappear whenever he tries to grab hold of it.
"Rhodey, there was no flirting. I wasn't flirting with him. He wasn't flirting with me. Period. End of story." His words come out in a harsh whisper, and he peers furtively over Rhodey's shoulder to the counter, worried that Steve is going to overhear what they're talking about.
Natasha strides in behind him, and perches herself on the edge of the desk, arms folded across her chest.
they do, but as soon as they get in a room with me, they'll change their minds. Tell you what, honey badger, you talk to them, sell them on what we're looking at, and then I'll come and debrief you, and they never have to deal with my irresponsible self at all."
"Since like, the day after Natasha came into the shop?" Clint adds, as though
"You know I do," Tony says.
Faintly in the distance, he hears a muffled thump, a yell and a crash, and he groans, dropping his head against the counter. Very pointedly ignoring Steve’s cackling.
"The sun? Really? What about the radiation? Do you have super powers now?"
The door, which had been half-closed, bursts open, and Pepper Potts comes through it. She looks tired, piqued, but her eyes are bright and her strawberry blonde hair is flawless. Her nose is pink, as though she's been crying, and her lips are pressed tightly together.
look at a breakfast meeting tomorrow before he leaves."
"We can run," Wanda suggested. Vision gave her a sad look.
"Not at all," Tony assures him. "Like I said, I'd love the company. I'll bring the car, you bring the coffee, we'll make a day of it."
"A baby? A
“On the ground,” the squad leader demands again to Steve and Tony who are both standing with their hands raised.
"He should be," Bucky says.
"I've missed you Tony," Steve breathes against his lips, tilting his head up so Tony could kiss him better. It’s perfect, and Tony would be quite content to keep it up a while longer. But Steve's stomach has other ideas, and makes its displeasure at being neglected known. Loudly. Steve breaks the kiss, smiling sheepishly. "Food first?"
"It never is," Steve says. They don't talk for a while, and then Sam gets up and leaves the room, squeezing Steve's shoulder as he goes.
By mid-afternoon, Steve is exhausted. Luckily, he and Bucky had taken the busier first shift of the day, so they're done around two – Clint will close up later in the afternoon.
This seems to satisfy Casey, who hugs his father one more time and runs off giggling.
Steve sits down, hard, in the chair beside Tony's bed. He reaches out a hand to take Tony's, and notices that his own hand is shaking like a leaf. He soldiers on, and he rests his hand over Tony's cool, dry fingers.
"Yeah," Tony agrees. "Not like it matters. This is reality, and everything is different here."
Great. So, Thor's off who only knows where, and Thanos is very much here, and now, wielding four out of the six gems and making a beeline for the last two. Tony quickly flies over to Vision and lands beside him and Wanda.
Of course, the peace is short lived. They both have to hit the ground running the next day even though Tony puts off getting up until the last possible second. He's got himself draped across Steve's body in a vain attempt to trap him and keep him in their bed a few minutes longer. It works briefly, and he gets to enjoy a short while of Steve tracing absent patterns on the skin of his bare shoulder.
Steve nods. "It's something we started early on in the Brooklyn shop. Folks can buy a coffee or a meal for someone and donate it, and we put a button in the jar. When someone who needs a meal but can't afford it comes in, we take a button out of the jar and give them a meal."
It takes them to T'Challa's palace, to a large room scattered with people – including Bruce, the king himself, and Shuri.
"And you're doing it well, Tony," Steve says softly. "Casey is an amazing boy. He's kind, he's smart, you're an amazing parent."
Rhodey turns back to Tony and stares at him, expression blank but somehow conveying 'what is happening right now?'
Steve doesn't answer – nothing seems appropriate. He'd stayed, watching over Tony, because of a visceral need. It hadn't been a favour to her or to anyone else. It had been his own deep compulsion to see him, to be there when he, hopefully, wakes up.
"What… the hell just happened?" Steve asks, confused.
Except the phone in his hand buzzes angrily, and he jumps, almost drops it again and glances at the screen. It's lighting up with notifications, that Tony has a text message from Rhodey, then another and another, and Tony shakes his head, plucking the phone from Steve's lax grip. Right.
Clint groans in defeat and drops his head to the desk, banging it lightly against the wood. Bucky reaches over and gently scratches his head. God, it feels good. They need to find a way to get Steve and Tony together, if only for the fact that Steve deserves to have someone give him head scratches when he's feeling stressed.
outside the loop.
Steve flashes him a ghost of a smile. "Everything, I guess. But, if I'm being specific, I mostly mean you and Clint."
Strange just gave him a small smile. "No, Mr. Stark. I don't think I am."
"No one's
bigger than him, and if Steve wants to beat the shit out of him on the sidewalk for what Tony thinks is a
“Whatever you need, Captain,” he concedes, and quietly steps out of the room.
"You're really just worried about your son?" Steve asks.
"Fuck you," the woman spits, her voice thick. She does manage to lift her head and make eye contact with him, but Natasha can see the tiny little tremble in her fingers, tied behind her back.
“I don’t suppose, you’d let me try and take you out again?” Tony asks, listening to the steady sound of Steve’s heartbeat.
She blinks at him, and then her face transforms. It's not a look of embarrassment or disappointment, which is what he would have expected. Instead, her face flashes with anger, before she schools it to settle on 'mildly annoyed'.
"Good to see you, too, Parker, but you're in space," Tony says. Peter immediately backs off, looking chagrined, and Tony wishes he'd let the boy hug him a little longer.
"Tony's got the place wired, the only people that can come in without his say-so are me and Natasha. And she's got
On the fifth daily BFF meeting, Tony gets hit on — and not by the person he'd
"– and I
+++++
"Who?" asks Tony.
“It looks like you’re trying to hide from someone,” Steve said, eying him.
"What do you think, kiddo? Lemonade?"
"That's true. But Bucky and Clint..."
Tony says nothing.
"But you didn't, because you knew how much I wanted to get home to Casey."
"Fuck, yes, just – come on, honey, let me –" Tony shifts up on his knees, letting Steve's fingers slide out of him reluctantly. He grabs the lube from beside Steve's head, pours a little into his hand and wraps it around Steve's dick as he pushes Steve to lie on his back again.
yet, today! And he
"Always," Steve smiles.
"Well, now, Stevie, I'd argue that's exactly what it means."
"What do you mean?"
Clint grins his goofy puppy grin, but all Bucky manages is a tight nod, and a forced smile that doesn't even reach the corners of his mouth. It's really more of a grimace than anything else. Or a baring of teeth, like some kind of challenge.
"We're good," Tony says, and then, for some reason, his mouth keeps moving without his permission. "Don't suppose you wanna pull up a chair and spend your break with us?"
They hadn't hit her
"I expect nothing less," Tony grins, turning back toward their destination. "Now, let's go get us some coffee."
It's so quiet on the street without the sound of a scuffle in his ear. He can hear gunshots faintly in the distance, but not much else.
"No, I'm serious, he's all – he's just nice because I'm a good customer, and I fixed his oven that time. He has to be nice to me."
"What the
He's not been having the best week, maybe. He mostly has his PTSD managed, especially with Sam's help, but some days are better than others, and sometimes when everything falls apart at once, he struggles.
+++++
Rhodes makes a frustrated sound on the other end of the line. "Dammit, Tony, you know we had a meeting with the assistant secretary of defense today."
," Tony said, stepping right into Steve's space and jabbing a finger into his hard chest, right in the middle of the black-painted star there. "You're the one who always told me we needed a plan, we needed to think about our next move, and you're turning into the guy who punches first and asks questions later? Fuck you, Steve. As far as the government is concerned, you're a war criminal. You don't
"It probably has, but it's fun how those things can flare up when the weather starts playing the human version of kick the can. Can you walk?"
because Natasha is Tony's employee, rather than a date or something.
"You love me," Steve points out.
"Daily BFF meetings," Tony nods. "It's really the only answer."
He pulls on some clothes – it looks like these quarters had been set up for him with some of his own clothing, so he puts on a soft, long-sleeved henley and a pair of jogging pants, leaving his feet bare for the time being. He pushes his hair back off his forehead, heading for the door.
"I did tell you time would move differently there," Strange says, not looking at all apologetic.
, for god's sake, and do you know how many people congregate around coffee shops?" He's feeling a little hysterical right now because
An hour later, Steve is still awake staring at the ceiling. Tony hasn't moved in that hour, but his breathing hasn't made its way to that deep, sleepy sound either, so Steve suspects he's still awake, too.
"Addiction," Tony says with a sage nod of his head. "Best way to run a business. Why do you think we design smartphones on the side?"
why Rhodey's his BFF. Because he's the best friend Tony could ever ask for.
“Sometimes. Not really, not always. But a bit.”
"You gotta put a quarter in the jar," the child informs him solemnly. Tony sighs, but nods his head in agreement.
“You made a mistake, trying to double cross us,” a man dressed in black tactical pants and a jacket says blandly. “You could have just kept to our deal and we all could have gone home happy.”
"Artificial tissue, from the regenerative cradle created by Dr. Helen Cho."
“What the hell?” Tony frowns and looks up just in time to see Clint rush into the space and duck behind a chair. “Clint? What the hell?”
Tony is already at the diner when he arrives, and Steve slides into the booth across from him. Diners are different now, but this one still has a retro vibe that Steve can identify as having originated in the post-war years. For a half second, he thinks Tony might have chosen this place to appeal to him, but as the waitress arrives at the table and asks Tony if he’d like “the usual, darlin’?” Steve recognises that this is a usual haunt. The waitress turns to him, and greets him with a warm smile.
"Yeah, I know. Thought about just telling you we were stuck because of the weather. But I knew you'd be more pissed if you found out after the fact about the rest."
Natasha rolls her eyes, but punches his shoulder fondly, and Bucky clears his throat. "Back to the subject of Steve."
Stark blinks at him, and throw up his hands in disgust. “Have it your way. And fuck you very much, too. Nice meeting you.” He turns on his heels and storms out. Steve stays exactly where he is for a moment that stretches out before him, longer and tighter until he feels like it’s going to snap. He’s so sick of this. He’s sick of staring at the SHIELD walls. He’s sick of dealing with question after question. He’s sick of the agents, and sick of being stared at, and sick of
The guy put serious effort into getting you shut down before you even opened your doors. He probably could have found a way to do it, too, with a little more time."
"I thought the neon rainbow palette was an interesting look for the room," Steve says.
T'Challa orders a section opened to funnel the swarm coming in. A second later, all hell breaks loose on the inside of the dome, and instinct takes over. It's been months since he's fought with the Avengers, but Tony's body remembers. He knows without looking exactly where in the sky Sam will be. He knows with one call of his name where Steve needs him to be to lay down cover fire. He knows without having to think about it that Steve has his back. It's exhilarating and heartbreaking all at once.
And the flashback, back at the car – god, Steve wants to crawl into a hole. Yeah, he's been doing the therapy, talking to Sam, the whole nine yards, but still. That doesn't make it any less humiliating to have it happen in front of Tony like that.
He scrambles to undo his seat belt and shove the door open. He needs to make sure his team is okay. Bucky. Clint. His knee gives out as he tries to climb out of the vehicle, and the sand burns his hands as he tried to push himself up. He tries to stand, but his knee buckles again. He cries out, and swears, dragging himself through the sand as he tries to find his team. There's glass and shrapnel everywhere, but he doesn't care. He needs to find – he needs –
look at each other – for the first time since they'd lain in bed together in another reality.
"– I just like the goddamned
"Drivin' me around the bend," Bucky says, looking mulish. "He won't stay still. Romanov and I are talking about tyin' him down, but Wilson said he'd probably just fight worse."
be terrible at it!"
He pulls the cord and the room is plunged into darkness. Steve swallows roughly.
“He’s awake,” the doctor tells him.
make it better. Hyper-protective helicopter parents are among the most irrational creatures on the planet. You're lucky he didn't burn your building to the ground or something."
The main room of the club is in chaos. The patrons have all fled, leaving an empty dance floor, upturned tables, and shards of broken glass littering the floor. All that’s  left remaining are two groups of people, facing off.
Tony lets out a hollow laugh. "It wasn't real. Whatever was between us wasn't real. It was all part of playing pretend. Our fake perfect life, our fake kid, our fake happiness."
Tony's hand moves faster, stroking his cock harder even as the other hand drops to cradle his balls.
"Of course I'm not moping, why would I be moping?" Steve turns his attention back to the screen. Bucky knows there isn't anything of interest there, it's just so that he can avoid meeting Bucky's gaze, because Steve is a terrible liar.
The woman blows out a huff of breath. "Justine Hammer. You remember my dad, don't you, Widow? You ruined his life – and mine."
"Yeah," Steve admits. "It doesn't happen so much anymore, at least not like that. But it does sometimes. If something sets me off. It's been a while since I've had one that intense, though. We all came back with PTSD. Not surprising, really. But, I'm sorry it happened during a crisis when I needed my head in the game."
"Guh? I don't –" Clint manages to sputter in confusion as the tension that had been stretching between Natasha and Bucky promptly shatters. Bucky nods once, almost imperceptible, and Natasha turns and saunters out after Tony.
Tony finds himself in Brooklyn later that day, after a couple of hours put in at the office for appearances. The coffee shop is disgustingly nice. It's all clean, modern lines and warm, rich textiles. There's free wifi, half-price refills, and Tony can smell the from-scratch pastries as soon as he walks in the door. The shop is busy, but everyone is chatting at a quiet level, making the whole space seem intimate and homey.
On the fifth day, Steve is reading news reports on his phone when he feels an almost imperceptible shift in the air of the room. He suddenly gets the feeling that he's not alone here, and the first place he looks is the door. No one's come in, and that realization makes Steve whip his gaze back to Tony's face.
"Hey Casey, did you know that Steve also really likes art?" Natasha says. Steve looks up, a little surprised, but she just shrugs. "Clint."
But he smiles back, and even Steve can feel the way it lights up when his eyes meet Tony's. But he must look as terrible as he'd thought, because Tony's eyebrows draw up, and there's a hint of concern in his face. Steve gets through a couple more people before Tony's at the counter, and – miracle of miracles – Tony's the last person in the line. Steve looks forward to the little reprieve, and even more looks forward to hearing about how Tony's day is going so far. It'll be better than Steve's day is going, anyway.
"Ms. Potts," Steve says, his voice steady. He gives her a deferential nod of his head, and even as he's doing it, he realizes that he's made a seriously grave error in judgment.
"Sorry, just – hit a sore spot," Steve says breathlessly, and Tony is such an
. You and your 'super friends'. It's about time someone else got the glory, don't you think? Especially when you're the ones who tucked tail and ran. This would exonerate my dad, it would save the world, and it would make
What he wants, what he wants right now more than anything, is to just have fucking died in that plane like he was supposed to. He’d made his peace with that. And at least if he had died, he wouldn’t have to feel like
He keeps moving, riding hard and fast through the aftershocks, until they're both trembling and Tony falls into a heap over Steve's chest.
that, so
They drop their dishes in the kitchen and drag themselves towards the bedroom, stomachs full, and take some time to reacquaint their bodies to one another. Afterward, they snuggle in close to each other, Steve's arm draped around Tony's waist as they face one another.
Strange's hands create a portal, gold sparks circling it, and he gestures for them to precede him through it. Clint is the first one through, dragging Bucky along with him. Rhodey goes next, followed by Natasha and Sam. Steve glances furtively at Tony, then shrugs and jumps through as well, leaving Tony there alone with Strange.
When Steve watches Tony go down, he's watching his whole world shatter all over again.
"Vision's got more power than any of us, he can protect himself," said Rhodey.
beside you?"
“Okay, point taken, Stark.”
"Give me one good reason."
Beside him, Tony draws in a deep breath, and for a moment Steve thinks that Tony isn't going to answer. Steve's about to cut back in and tell him to forget about it, that it's none of his business, when Tony speaks.
"So you took Casey as what, blackmail? You thought you were gonna get the stone as ransom?" Bucky asks. His voice hardens, and Natasha can see his fist clench.
"Lies," Clint argues. "We've been busy. So, so busy. It's awesome."
it? Oh my god, Stark is even dumber than Daddy said!"
He opens the door hastily, then glances up to see who's delivered it.
"For that boy? Any time."
. Good thing we've got each other to get through it."
"Doctor Strange," Thor had greeted him, wary. "We were not expecting you."
Tony nods. “Sorry about missing lunch,” he says apologetically. Steve waves him off.
“Hey, I’m just trying to give you options,” Stark snaps back. Right, because god forbid he be allowed to make any real decisions for himself. God forbid he be allowed a moment's peace where he wasn’t wound up, on edge, with half a dozen people ‘discreetly’ watching him. God forbid he be allowed to be Steve Rogers in a world where everyone’s fighting over Captain America.
"Anything I've got won't mean shit if if there's no world left to enjoy it," Tony said, lowering his voice as well.
"What do you see?" Steve asks him, grateful once more for the long range units.
"Hey, man, better you than me," Sam says, waving at the disembodied legs sticking out of the oven.
Tony swallows hard.  “I want you to remember me, too.”
"Tony! Oh, god, Tony, wake up!" He knows he sounds desperate, irrational, but he can't help it. He's already lost Tony once today, he can't survive doing it again.
She smiles at him, giggles, and he follows her back behind closed doors.
Clint has no idea what they're going to end up doing, but damn, he's just glad it's
"You know what, Case? I think Steve's right. You can choose one of those cookies at the bottom there for a treat to go with your lemonade." Tony ignores Casey's excited squeal, barely pausing for a breath. "And then you're going to go and burn off at least 78 per cent of that sugar at the playground before you even think of coming home with me."
He watches his son talk animatedly about what he hopes to see at the aquarium, and he watches Steve listen, respond, and interact with him. Casey is already smitten – he loves it when adults treat him like a peer, and Steve is a natural with him.
"Wait, if we can't remember Thanos, can't remember who we are – how will we know we have to protect Vision? If we're all just – in this other reality, will we even know each other?" asked Clint.
Tony was the first one to treat him normally, and Steve just happened to cling onto that like the desperate, lost puppy he was. It feels like he’s projecting, and the more time that passes since that night, the less real it feels.
A light blush dusts Steve's cheeks, and Tony does have to admit it had sounded a little bit flirty, but he ignores it because he knows Steve didn't mean it that way. Tony does wink back, though, and waves toward the case. "Cannoli for me, please. And what kind of cookie for Casey?"
"I'm not
"Aren't you scared?" Tony asks him quietly, dropping his head to Steve's shoulder.
"We will," Shuri says with unwavering assurance. She has a lot more faith than he does. Thanos already has four of the six stones, he's gunning for them with more power than any of them can even fathom, and they have absolutely no idea where Vision is. He doesn't bother to point out the long odds they're up against. She's smart, she already knows. But somehow, she's keeping her chin up. Truthfully, Tony admires it. And he wishes he felt the same, but right now, he's just so goddamn tired.
Steve washes his hands quickly, and he's still drying them off as he walks up front, ignoring the grease and dirt covering his arms and shirt and, probably, face. Evan is, as expected, completely in the weeds. He's running around trying to take orders, make specialty drinks, and explain to every third customer that no, they don't have cinnamon rolls today and yes, he does know it's Wednesday, but the oven isn't working, and he's very sorry, really, but until the oven is fixed they won't be able to have any baked goods, and on and on.
+++++
," Bucky says, staring hard at Steve, "that you're just doing the order, and not remotely hiding out or moping at all."
"You know what, I don't care. The only thing that matters now is the stone."
"What happened? I remember falling asleep – as a child – and when I opened my eyes again, I was alone in the desert. Mr. Stark, what happened to the Haven?"
His avoidance tactics aren’t working, and he’s not getting anywhere.
him." He starts walking again, and Rhodey catches up to him, laughing.
Steve shakes his head. "Not if it's a trap, which we think it is. Too many variables, then. They can't subdue Tony if they have to worry about Casey. They'll leave him somewhere safe."
"There is a distributor in Rochester who's willing to work with us and give us a hell of a good deal on maple syrup."
"I think we have a lot in common," she says. She barely looks at the signed napkin, shoving it into her pocket with little reverence, gaze still locked on his. She doesn't move to go back to her own table, instead just standing there, as though waiting for him to continue the conversation.
"You okay, man?" Sam asks, giving him a slightly concerned look. "Need me to go check on Evan?"
Bucky pauses, looks up at Clint, and raises an eyebrow. "What did the punk do this time?"
"You make me glad that I never had siblings," he looks back at Vision, the mind stone pulsing gently in his forehead. "He'd better be okay."
Tony stays right where he is for a while, watching Casey's breath even out, his little eyelashes flutter and twitch as he falls deeper and deeper into sleep.
“Tony Stark, I assume,” he replied, attempting to keep himself composed and implacable. He’s pretty sure he fails.
Clint, Sam and Steve are in the car with them. Clint is squished into the other side of the back seat, and Steve is in the middle.
Bruce Banner had stumbled out after him, looking haunted, jittery with nerves, like a stiff wind would blow him over or make him hulk out. Possibly both at the same time.
"Justine Hammer," Natasha says.
"Right. So. That's it. I'm done. We've reached critical mass, and we have got to do something about these two idiots. Because not even
Tony might have to up the difficulty of the next training battle, because damn, they are kicking ass. They've essentially already won, it's just a matter of cleaning up the stragglers. From the corner of his eye, Tony sees Clint take another shot, and an instant later a bright splatter of pink appears across the training floor.
"You saying that scrappy is a part of who I am?" Steve cocks his eyebrow. Tony resolutely manages not to lean over and kiss him.
Then he's in a dark hallway, looking around frantically, and before he can figure out where he needs to go, someone is on him. He feels a fist connect with his jaw, hard, but he doesn't care because that means he's
Yeah, okay, Steve might have a point, what with the way that Tony just unloaded on him like that. He's not sorry, but he'd apologise if it got him more of this coffee. And more of Steve's attention – which, no amount of perfect caffeine can fully distract him from the way Steve's intense blue eyes are totally focused on him.
Bucky had stayed with her. The woman had said her name was Hammer, but Tony still has no idea who she is, or who her father is. There's a niggling feeling in the back of his mind that he
Ten hours of close quarters, one-on-one interaction, and the car full of the scent of Tony – vanilla, spice, coffee and a hint of motor oil. Ten hours where he's going to have to try not to make an ass of himself, or let it slip how he feels.
"Not the point. Clint, your new BFF is the worst."
Steve blinks, looking confused and almost a little hurt. "What? Why are you laughing?"
"We don't have time for this, Tony! Every second we spend fighting among ourselves is a second we lose of preparation for the real fight. And it's coming whether we're ready or not."
"Well, that's not good enough. You better start knowing damned quick," Tony snaps.
He takes another couple of orders, and Evan works frantically behind him to get the drinks made. He wishes for a lull, for a chance to go back and kick at the oven a few more times, but it's not happening.
Ah. Yeah. That. Honestly, Steve should have seen that coming. He's gotten better about talking about his PTSD, his experiences, his struggles. But it's still awkward, and hard. It makes him feel all kinds of vulnerable. But, Tony had exposed himself to Steve, bared his soul. Steve could trust him in the same way. And, it was good to talk about it. Or that's what his therapist and Sam and all the group meetings kept telling him.
Casey is there, held by a vise-like arm around his middle in front of the thug.
"Rhodey, where are we at?" Tony asks.
He's got healing wounds all over his torso. His face has a few cuts and contusions, but for the most part he'd come out of the battle relatively unscathed.
They take their time under the spray, gently washing one another with Tony's vanilla spice body wash. They interrupt themselves with constant kissing and teasing touches, but they don't let it go any further than that. There'll be time again tomorrow.
. I swear, watching them, it's like a contest, who can make the other blush more. It's almost nauseating. And they will not stop looking at each other. And then! You know what Tony said today?"
"I think–" he ends up not having to explain, because Barnes is tearing across the space with all his impressive super soldier speed and launching himself at the weapons cupboard. A second later Bucky ditches his practise weapons in exchange for some other gun. He's popping a modified clip in and firing. Clint tries to dodge, but ends up with a bright orange splotch on his pants.
"But you're trying. That's important. You fuck it up, you fix it, and if you don't know how, you ask for help. And if no one knows how, you figure it out together. You with me?"
"Well, that's a lie if I've ever heard one," Tony responds flatly.
Bucky's there, smiling at him. It puts Steve's mind at ease almost immediately.
This can't be the end. But it's looking pretty dire.
been flirting.
"Aw, I'm sorry, sugarplum, you know I'd be yours in a hot minute if you weren't so tragically straight."
"Then how will we know what we're supposed to be protecting?" Steve asked.
"Hear me out, Steve," Tony says, setting his tea down on the coffee table and turning his body slightly so he's facing Steve head-on, one knee curled up beside him on the couch. "I wanna get this out. I don't – I don't do this, I
"Of course!" Clint crows. "The colour relates to how maple-y it is. I want the darkest stuff 'cause it's got the strongest maple flavour, and it'll be the best for baking. Ohh – I could try out that maple walnut bundt cake I was thinking about. Anyway, the stuff's expensive, generally, but the quality is worth it. So it would be awesome to get a line on some more affordable stuff."
done," Clint whines, flopping himself dramatically into the chair across from Bucky. "It's what he's absolutely
Steve shakes his head, already going over multiple plans in his mind. Trying to anticipate hurdles, trying to work on a strategy.
Stark looks at him blankly, as though he’s some kind of idiot. “Because you’re Captain America?”
His shirt hangs just over his hips, but when Tony turns slightly to slide into the bed, Steve realizes what the problem is.
"You brought me flowers, and chocolate," Steve says, carefully taking them both.
“I need them for my escape,” Tony said seriously as his fingers worked deftly.
"That was Quill," Steve tells them. "Thanos has the soul stone – apparently he got it from someone called the 'In-Betweener' at the Nexus of Reality. It didn't… make a lot of sense."
"Well," Tony says, reaching over to pull the cord on the lamp on his side of the bed. "Guess we should get some sleep."
Ugh. He absolutely did not want Rhodey to find out about that. Stupid Steve. "Only because the place was booked up, and this was all that was left."
Piles of goop that won't. Stop. Coming.
"Seriously, Tony," Steve says, at a loss of what to do or say now as Tony shrugs back into his suit jacket, oblivious to the smudges of dirt and grease on his hands, face and shirt. He slips the phone in his pocket without reading the texts, and picks up the to-go cup of coffee as he moves toward the kitchen doors. Steve keeps going. "I mean it. You saved my life, here. I can't – if there's ever anything I can do for you, tell me, okay?
Steve nods his agreement and looks grateful. Tony figures that Steve just didn't want to make him awkward, which was completely unnecessary. Tony is going to feel awkward no matter what the sleeping arrangements are. They throw back the blankets, and Steve carefully slides into bed, sitting upright against the massive pile of pillows. Tony grabs one of the spares, and slides it under Steve's knee to support it. He then grabs a couple of bottles of water from the fridge, and the plates of sandwiches that Fred had made them, and sits down on the end of the bed. Steve's eyes go wide at the sight of food, and he eagerly takes one of the plates from Tony and dives into the sandwich with enthusiasm. Tony's fairly certain he's never seen anyone enjoy a sandwich this much in his life.
"Look, man, I like coffee as much as the next guy – actually, okay, I may have a slightly uncontrolled addiction to coffee but that's neither here nor there – but we just don't want that kind of –"
“We need to talk,” Tony informs him, stern face and no-nonsense.
"Honestly, I don't know," Strange admits.
Tony has seen Thor fight before, countless times – but never like this. Tony's not sure what happened to Thor in the time since they've last seen each other, but whatever it is, Thor's come out of it fighting with unfathomable intensity and power. He's the only one of them that really really stands a chance against Thanos one on one.
On the other end of the call, Steve is snickering to himself from the safety and comfort of his seat on the jet. “Don’t you start, Barnes is your fault,” he tells Steve.
“Tony?”
“How,” he says, shaking his head. “Who the hell even taught you how to fight?”
“Yeah. Someone that I feel comfortable with, even when I can’t remember myself.”
By the time he finishes, he's feeling a bit better about things over all, even though he can feel fatigue tugging behind his eyes, and he could definitely use a cup of coffee. He pours himself one, but grimaces at the first sip. His beautiful caffeinated nectar of life, and all its would-be delicious taste is doing is reminding him of this other impending crisis he has yet to solve.
it. Don't you understand? You could save the world from Thanos with that – you could destroy him, you could be
He's still distracted by memories of Tony laughing at Casey and his silly jokes when he walks into the Brooklyn shop to pick up supplies. The store isn't due to open for another 15 minutes, so he lets himself in through the back and is stopped short, greeted by the sight of Bucky laughing, leaning forward to casually press a kiss to Clint's mouth.
Good god, not only have these stupid things ruined his dinner, they don't have the good decency to keep their friends corralled. Cursing under his breath, Tony shoots skyward to get a better view. Maybe if he can figure out where they're coming from, he can figure out how to stop them coming.
+++++
about," Tony is saying over the comms. "What
Clint snorted, and just when it seemed everything was about to devolve into name-calling and hair-pulling, Strange stood, silencing them.
"Oh look, customers, thank god," Steve says cheerily as the door opens and a couple of people walk in. "You can go help them and leave me in peace to talk with Sam."
It’s well past a sane or reasonable hour, but he’d known early on that this was going to be a Bad Night. He’s trying and trying to wear himself out, to burn enough energy so that his mind will be too tired to keep playing the same images over and over on repeat, burned in his memory for every time that he closes his eyes. He growls, low and fierce and frustrated, and drives his fist into the bag, splitting it and ripping it free from its chain. His third one of the night. His shoulders sag, and behind him he hears footsteps and the door clanging shut.
“You need a life,” Bucky says flatly. “Have a bath. Get a drink. Watch porn.
“Steve. Trust me. I’m not doing this because I feel obligated, or because I feel sorry for you. That’s not my speed. If I didn’t want to be here, I wouldn’t be.”
"Uh?" Steve says, freezing in place and staring.
"He – what?" Tony's eyes go wide – surprise and then anger – as he stares over at Bucky. "Come on, Barnes. Don't fuck with me."
"Bruce, you remember how you found the tesseract when Loki took it?"
"And yet you made me say it anyway," Tony says, putting his coffee down on his own nightstand. "Steve,
"I'd like that," he says. "Lemme just grab a sandwich and a drink."
"What?" Tony splutters. "Why do you assume I did something?"
coffee shop.
“Time to go,” he says, dragging Steve toward the exit. “I have a very, very fast car.”
Rhodey shrugs, and lets it go for the time being. But Tony knows him well enough to know that he hasn't heard the last of this.
Steve feels like he's on the verge of falling apart at the thought of that. The dead, the injured. They'd won, but the cost had been high.
The bastard has a gun in his other hand, pressed against the side of Casey's head.
Clint groan. "Why can't Steve just be uncomplicated? Just this one time?"
a ton of strangers coming and going and loitering within a hundred yards of his son's school. How's he supposed to keep his son safe like this? Sure, the teachers are the best, they're diligent, but Tony can't take any chances. Not where his son's safety is concerned.
“I did no such thing!” Tony squawks.
"Mr. Stark," Natasha greets him with a smile as she puts her purse down on the little table beside the door.
Clint opens his mouth to say something excited, but Bucky steps on his foot and glares. Right. Don't say anything. He holds his breath instead.
First, his mother, then Bucky. Then himself and the idyllic life he'd wanted with Peggy. Then it was Bucky again, Peggy had died, and then he'd lost Tony.
"Fuck," Steve spits, ice water in his veins. "Ransom?"
is the one who should know the answer. "Seriously, Steve, have you been hiding under a rock?"
"We can't just tell him that, we have to be smart about it," Bucky tells him.
"Don't be bitter, honeycomb."
Steve’s face twitches slightly at the nickname, almost like a flinch of pain, which Tony
"I'm not saying anything," she laughs. Steve rolls his eyes and heads back into the kitchen before she can change her mind about it.
Pepper sighs again, but he can hear the smile in her voice. "You do realise this means you need to be up and functional, and presentable for a 7:30 am meeting. You cannot be late. I don't care how cozy bed is, or how cute Steve looks when he's half asleep. You. Must. Be there."
Shuri nods. "That's what it looks like, it's as if snapping back into this reality caused a glitch, so he needs to reset."
Across the table, Steve sighs, glancing at the window. "I don't think that's going to be an option," he says defeatedly, and nods towards the street behind Tony. Tony turns in his chair, and there, sure enough, sliding their way down the road, are half a dozen large, sentient slime blobs. At least, it looks like six. But then two of them join together and the doubled mass makes an incredibly gross noise as it reaches up to shove its slimy face against a second story window. Out on the streets, the pedestrians are fleeing, and the screams carry inside.
"Yep, I thought it –" Tony breaks off as Steve, against his own better judgement, whirls and pulls him into a tight, huge hug. His arms go around Tony's torso and he squeezes, doing his best to put the feeling of
Steve steps up to the cash register and smiles at the next person in line. Even he can feel that the smile is brittle, tight around his eyes, but if he and Evan can get past this rush, he'll be okay.
By the time Tony opens the bathroom door and emerges, Steve is fairly certain he's managed to get his treacherous, stupid body under control.
Man-bun raises an eyebrow, then his eyes flick to Hunka Burnin' Lover over beside him.
“Things happened kind of fast,” Steve croaked out, his throat dry. Tony handed him a glass of water and kept talking.
"Hey, kiddo, you have a good day, okay?" Tony says, going down to one knee so he can give Casey a tight hug.
Steve grabs a second mug and sets about making their drinks with practiced ease. Casey stares, enraptured as Steve moves around behind the counter, and makes a show of pouring the milk and adding a tiny dollop of whipped cream and some shaved chocolate to the top of Casey's drink. Casey always looks so pleased when Steve makes the drink look extra fancy. He'd said once it makes it 'special.'
"Right, then." A moment later, Tony is worming his way up under Steve's right side, and Steve slides his arm around Tony's shoulders. "Come on, soldier."
100 per cent completely straight.
"And if we send Vision away, Thanos is
Casey bounds into the shop excitedly, his backpack bouncing as he does. "Hi Steve!" he says, waving frantically.
"Yeah," Steve agrees. "Unfortunately, we both need to get up. Sam needs my help with the set up at the VA.”
reasonable request, there's not a lot Tony can do to stop him.
"That's not very nice of you," Natasha says, faux-sweet. "We just want to talk."
They both laugh it off awkwardly, and with his sheet now firmly tied around his waist, Tony once again offers his hand to help Steve up. It turns out that his injury is doing better today. While his whole body is sore from being tossed around, his knee can actually bear some weight as long as he is gentle and careful about it. Steve makes his way over towards the bathroom, and Tony leaves him there and goes to grab his phone.
"Jesus. That – oh my god, Tony."
She immediately complies, and the suit deconstructs itself, flowing off Tony's limbs and head, then off his torso and disappears into the new arc reactor – no, he'd called it a nano housing this time, it's not the same thing – in his chest.
She opens her eyes and gasps for air. The warehouse is gone, they're not even in New York anymore; they had been tucked away in a fortified bunker in Wakanda, and maybe they're there still. It doesn't matter. What matters is she
Strange shrugged. "Mm, about 10 minutes? Once we have everything in order, that is, and move ourselves to a more secure location to keep you all in."
“Exactly that,” Stark says like it’s obvious. Steve doesn’t move, or respond, waiting for Stark to elaborate. Stark huffs, and continues. “SI has a small… Arctic Research Division,” Stark explains as he shifts where he stands. “After your plane went down, Howard used to send a crew up there every summer to look for you. Obviously never found you, but they gained a lot of data about the Arctic, which, as you can imagine, not a very well charted area. The team realised there was a lot of potential to be had, so the division grew. On paper it was for exploration, geographic mapping, and as times changed it shifted into resource research, environmental issues, arctic sovereignty. The frozen wasteland is a hot issue these days.”
"Well, if we're not running away, and we're not putting Vision front and centre of a fight, what the hell
Casey is struggling, tiny little hands clawing at the forearm around his waist. He's screaming, still, kicking out, slamming his head back against the guy's chest. Steve can see that the guy doesn't have a great hold on him, that he hadn't been prepared for Casey to fight back so hard.
Steve swallows hard, and for a moment is glad that he can't see Tony's face. He really hopes that he's not overstepping here. But, instinctively, it feels okay.
"I'm back a few blocks, but I can see Tony," says Rhodey.
"Definitely," Steve agrees. "I met him at the VA shortly after we got back. I was trying to find every resource I could to help us all settle back. Sam was a hell of a lifeline, and a hell of a friend."
Steve is livid. How could they just let some strange woman take a child from their care? Didn't they have approved pick-up lists? Didn't they make people show ID? How could someone just go into a school and collect a child?
Not that he needs to talk to Steve about anything. He'd like to think they're more than casual acquaintances at this point, but he doesn't dare hope for anything higher than 'more or less friends'.
"I was being sarcastic," Tony told him.
"We have to
The woman makes a sound of derision. "Oh, of course, the great Tony Stark
"No, it's okay," Steve assures him. "What do you want to know?"
"You are tenacious," he says thoughtfully. "I admire that."
It's Steve's turn to take a steadying breath before he replies. "Yeah," he confirms. "The last mission we were on. Except it wasn't even a mission. Just a routine patrol. It was supposed to be a break from all the missions we'd been running."
“I don’t want you to
Since the last time he'd slept in a bed had been that last night in the Haven with Tony, Steve can't bring himself to curl up in the bed that's waiting for him, so after Bucky leaves, he stretches out along the couch and closes his eyes. Enough time in war means he can force himself to fall asleep just about anywhere, so he falls asleep fairly quickly.
"Hey, babe," Bucky says into the phone. "Steve and I are headed over to Tony's now. Nat's texting you the address, she's on her way over there, too. Steve and I are closer, though, we'll probably get there first."
"You've lost a lot, recently," Sam says quietly. It's not a question, exactly, so he doesn't wait for an answer. "Both of you have. Casey – he wasn't real, not really, but he kind of was. Strange took all the good parts from Vision and Tony and made a child out of it. And that kid… man, that kid was amazing. Funny, and curious, and smart, and so kind."
“Stay here,” he snaps, and runs out the door.
"I hope the restaurant doesn't want that plate back," Steve sighs. "That's going to complicate things, we can't punch it, or trap it."
"No one's running away," argued Steve.
As it turned out, there isn’t much new that Tony is able to learn, but a lot that he is able to confirm. Aspects of Steve’s brain scans show similar patterns to Bucky’s when he first came in. The disruption in the pathways to access memories are clear. HYDRA has been ruthlessly efficient about cutting Steve off from himself, and it serves to reconfirm why the hell Steve can’t remember anything about his time before the kidnapping. The one good thing that Tony can see is that Steve wasn’t there long enough for HYDRA to start overlaying anything else. So, the good thing is, the serum should heal Steve’s brain, and he should start to remember. Eventually. Probably. The bad news is, there isn’t a damn thing Tony can do to help it go faster. They’re at the mercy of whatever Steve’s body and brain decides to do for him.
"Why Rochester? Aren't there closer suppliers?"
current idea, the one that had left him clinging to bed sheets, dangling from a second story window, yelping as he lost his footing. Above him, Steve poked his head out of the window and called down, “You sure this is the easiest way out of the mansion?”
"What?"
Steve hauls Tony against him, wrapping his arms around Tony and hugging him fiercely. "Shh," he says soothingly. "I'm right here, Tony. I'm not going anywhere. I'm safe, and Casey's safe, and we're both right here."
Tony thinks he's probably lying, but it doesn't matter. They're both here, and alive, and together.
"Wait, what?" Bucky says sharply. "You mean, you're still not boning?"
"You and I both know you're not worried about how Clint and me are gonna work now we're home," Bucky interrupts him. "This is about you and Tony, because you love him. You're worried that it's not real because the Haven wasn't real – but the things we did there? The things we went through? That's all real. It's all a real experience we had. The relationships we formed, the love you felt – that's real."
"Working on it. You?" Steve responds.
Steve's lips are smooth and dry, and it's a chaste kiss, by all measurements. Steve's lips slide against his for just a moment, and Tony is paralyzed. Is Steve really
"Really?" She asks, surprised.
Shuri is off on the other side of the lab working on what looks like some advanced weaponry, no doubt her version of equipment checks before all hell breaks loose. Somewhere else in the palace compound, Steve is probably doing the same thing – setting up a perimeter, working on a battle plan, doing all that stupid Steve stuff where he jumps into action and shows just how stupidly great he is. Like he'd jumped into action without hesitation when Casey was taken.
"I love you more than anything," Steve says, looking right into Tony's eyes. Tony tries to look away, but he can't manage it. "And you love me, too."
All in all, it's the most fun Tony's had in training in a long time.
"That should be enough for a second team," Strange said.
She turns and walks away, and Tony glances around the playground, looking for Casey. His chest relaxes as soon as Tony spots him. Glossy, thick hair, darker than his own, hanging down in Casey's face because he's overdue for a haircut. Dark eyes, wide grin, missing tooth. Casey notices Tony watching him, and runs over, crashing into Tony's legs with an 'oof'.
+++++
He hovers well above the battle, the HUD scanning and assessing everything in sight to track the little bastards.
"Okay, I'll believe you for now," Tony tell him. "But I'm going to have to do a very thorough check over later.”
Tony stops suddenly, still, breathing hard. Steve realizes what he's said, wants to smack himself. He'd decided he wouldn't push Tony, would be here to help him and not pressure him, and within two minutes of the man being conscious, he's already broken his own promise.
"That's it, Tony," Steve murmurs into his hair. "That's good, you're so good."
Casey looks at him carefully for a moment, and then smiles bright and wide. The smile that looks so much like Tony's, it almost takes his breath away. "It's okay. I have Miss Natasha, and Daddy has you. So neither of us will be alone, or scared. You promise to keep my Daddy safe?"
But if he
Almost immediately, he regrets his choices.
"This is not a social call, my friends," Thor had said, looking sad. "We must prepare for war. Thanos is on his way, and I fear we do not have much time."
Asking nicely didn't work, so it's time to move on to plan B.
?" Rhodey growls. "How the fuck did someone get to him?"
"Yeah, I really do," Tony admits, grimacing. "I've never been away from him overnight. I know that sounds dumb, and –"
"Thanks, Nat," he says softly. Then he takes a deep, trembling breath, and heads off toward the palace's emergency medical centre.
"I'm saying, the first time we met, you dug your heels in, and you were very outspoken about your beliefs. You have a real strength of conviction," Tony tells him. "That's what I mean by 'always Steve'. And okay, maybe you're a bit scrappy, too, but hey, you make it look good."
what you're saying, Steve –"
She doesn't answer before she heads out the door, and Tony turns his full attention back to his son.
"Wow, I mean, I thought
"And because I didn't think the storm would get that bad that quickly. Casey or no, if I thought it was unsafe, I would have told you. I'm not about putting people I care about at risk. I've had enough of that in my life, thank you."
"You have to be fucking kidding me right now," Tony growls. "So Vision is out there, somewhere – you have no idea where – and god only knows what state he's in? That's just fucking peachy, Strange. Thank you for that."
A waitress comes by a moment later, her short skirt and top only barely covering her, eyes and face covered in smokey makeup.  She smiles at Steve, batting her eyelashes coquettishly.
"It's been too long since we've been here," Steve comments as Tony pours them both a glass of wine.
It fills Steve with an inexplicable, fierce burst of pride.
Tony makes a strangled sound because
Tony wrinkles his nose up in mock displeasure, making an offended scoffing noise in the back of his throat.
"You know you don't
“Uh huh. Tell that to that TMZ site.” Steve feels the corner of his mouth twitch into a smile as Stark squawks in protest again.
Tony, of course, immediately feels like a heel. He'd like nothing better than to be Steve's friend – except, perhaps, being Steve's boyfriend. Of course, he can't
"Up and at 'em, Iron Man,"
"You're welcome. Thank you for hanging out with me, too." Steve replies. "You're welcome any time. You, your Dad, Natasha, Rhodey. We're always happy to see you."
And now they're
Of course he couldn’t
“You’ll live, sunshine,” Bucky says, patting Clint patronizingly on the head. Clint mutters, but he jogs across the room and takes his position. Tony snaps down the faceplate of the lighter model of the suit that he’d designed for practise purposes. The thrusters are less powerful and the repulsors won’t actually do any damage, but it’s enough that he can actually practise his manoeuvers along with the rest of the team without accidently breaking them. Or roasting them to cinders from the vented thrusters. Steve’s call is up on a projected screen where he can see the whole room, but Tony’s also got the audio feed routed through the helmet. It’s not that he’s sentimental, he’s just used to having Steve’s voice in his ear when he’s out in the field.
Sam comes back into the kitchen, blinks a few times, and then looks at Steve questioningly.
"Wow, it sounds like you've been very good today," Steve pipes up from behind the counter. "Tony, I think that's the kind of behaviour you should reward." Steve's eyes twinkle right into Tony's, a cheeky grin pulling at the corners of his lips. He's probably just managed to ingratiate himself to Casey for life.
"Well, uh, I'll leave you to it. Shout when you want out." With that, Tony turns and beats a very hasty retreat back to the bedroom. There, he digs through the closet and pulls out a spare blanket to wrap himself up in – and protect the bedding from his wet clothes – and flops dramatically on the bed. He is so screwed. There is approximately a 0.01 per cent chance that he is going to make it through the night with his dignity intact. Steve is just... too damn much. He's too gorgeous, too sweet, too strong. And the way he hadn't seemed to mind Tony seeing his vulnerabilities is... overwhelming, to say the least. It felt as though Steve letting him help was more than just necessity. It had felt like an offer of trust. It stirs up feelings inside Tony that he doesn't really want to consider. Feelings that are more than just a crush, more than just swooning over an attractive, kind barista. Feelings that he'd only felt once before –
"This cannot be happening," Tony whines, even as he is pushing himself to his feet. "Why can't they just wait until after dinner? Rude of them not to consider my social calendar."
"Steve, Steve, Steve," Tony chants, throwing his head back. It's like the earth is moving in him, under him, and all he can do is hold on for dear life. He reaches down with one hand, the one still slick with lube, and he wraps it around his own straining cock.
She feels it, too. The fierce protectiveness over the child,
There's only one place he'd be going – either he's gone to get to Casey before Steve can, or he's running away.
Getting her to answer questions turns out to be a lot more difficult than Steve had thought. Internally, he curses the fact that it’s
to do, and I can
"STEVE!" Tony screams, unleashing repulsor hell on the thing. It doesn't do a damn bit of good, so he swoops in to steal a spare clip from Bucky, and then unloads the entire thing right into what passes for a head. The thing groans as the parts of it that Tony had shot start to dissolve, and it kind of rolls over onto its side. It's not much of a difference, but it’s enough. Tony drops down to the street beside it, and reaches half under, half through the slime until his hands feel a solid body. He pulls, not caring about the way that the goop is seeping into the joints of the suit – that's his Steve in there. Sam hovers above him, and unleashes another few rounds into the thing. It's enough to convince it to let Steve go, and with a final grunt, Tony is able to drag Steve free.
+++++
"I promise," Tony assures him, kissing the top of his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You bet, kiddo," she winks, standing up and heading back toward the front door. "Have a good evening, Mr. Stark."
of you?"
Tony startles a little, and looks a little awkward at Bucky's sudden appearance. "Hey. Bucky."
"Look, I know you like to think the best of me but, Steve, I'd be a terrible father and you know it!"
Tony shields his eyes as best he can, and when he manages to see again, he finds Thor standing in front of him, all decked out for battle and literally crackling with raw energy. He's down a hammer, but is instead carrying a massive battle axe; at his side, looking somehow no less fierce, are Rocket and Groot.
"Of course he does! Of course
," Steve agrees. "We're coming out, I've got him."
Ah. Right.
Tony is in good hands, he knows. Steve has work to do.
"Yeah, unfortunately that's true," Steve says apologetically.
doesn’t want to think too much about, lest he end up putting his fist through something. Steve grabs the ball, and lightly tosses it across the room.  Dummy squeals and tears after it. Tony swears he hears Steve laugh softly, and when Dummy returns, he eagerly throws the ball again.
Steve wants to let out a cheer – finally.
"No," she says. "No, you don't. But you know my dad."
Steve's fingers trace soft lines along his shoulder, anchoring him, and comforting him. "Of course I am," Steve agrees. "But it doesn't make me want this any less. I want to be a parent with you, Tony. I want to give us that."
A surge of irrational anger and resentment wells up inside him, and the implication that Stark feels he’s
It's a weekend, and Stark had kind of a rough week, maybe he's just taking a few days off. Bucky doesn't think anything about it until Monday morning rolls around. Steve's been quiet and withdrawn in the past few days, but again, it's to be expected. On the down low, Bucky had asked Sam to check in with Steve and keep an eye on him. Sam, excellent as he is, had stepped up and strong armed Steve out to a meeting and coffee after with some of the VA crowd the night before. It seemed to help, and Steve was in better spirits.
. That Steve knew he'd been wrong, that Tony
," said Bruce. "Vision included."
"You honestly think – me and
"No," Shuri agrees, "But he will be in the best possible care, Tony. He'll be okay. We'll do whatever we need to do to take care of him."
Not everyone had. Some had died.
," Clint replied.
Steve gives what he hopes is a reassuring smile. He answers with more confidence than he really feels. "The doctors think so. We're just waiting for him to wake up, now. Physically, he'll heal. But there's some question… because of the stones. And their power. It's not something anyone has any medical experience with."
Tony isn't sure what the hell he can say to that, so he decides it's probably easier for everyone if he says nothing at all.
"I don't think so," Tony says musingly. He really hadn't thought about what kind of beans Brewed Awakening might be using. "We can ask Steve when we get there."
"Clint, why are your arrows suddenly leaving pink–" Bucky pauses and stoops down, running a finger through the pink mess as Natasha dismantles the last couple of creatures. "Oh my god, Clint. Is this paint? Did you make fucking paintball arrows?"
Certainly a hell of a lot better than
"Guess it was enough that I thought I was back in the desert for a second," Steve confirms.
"Your
"You self-righteous
Steve doesn’t remember, it still stings. “I only have a few weeks’ worth of memories. And none of them are good. At least… until now.”
Across the field, he sees Steve, fighting with all that rage and fury that constantly burns inside him. If Steve had known then, in Stuttgart, what he was walking into, would
“Well now, I’m glad you finally brought a friend along,” she says to Tony, while looking at Steve. “What can I get for you, hon?”
, and therefore follows no rules whatsoever.
"Told you, I missed you. Let's go home."
"I thought we had a perimeter locked down?" Tony called over the comms.
Tony chews on his bottom lip, then gives a quick shrug with one shoulder and flashes Steve an embarrassed smile.
Steve has a hand resting against Casey's leg, as though he can't quite make himself let go of the boy, either.
He is, however, pleased at how well Natasha seems to have fit into their lives. Casey really does adore her, and she'd come with more references than he'd ever seen on a resume for a Nanny. She'd worked on the secret service detail for the White House, and when the president's kids had been small, she'd been in charge of their care despite her young age at the time. She'd worked private security for a few years, and now she's Tony's nanny – meaning that no matter what, Casey is in good hands. Hands that can protect him.
"You know this guy?" Tony had asked. Bruce was looking as confused as Tony felt, though, so he didn't feel too badly out of the loop. At least, he wasn't
"Right. Of course," Steve says, and now he looks disappointed again? What the hell? Either the guy wants to be his friend, or he doesn't. "So then, you two…?"
Steve comes back a moment later with a coffee and a sandwich from the back. It looks like a fairly simple sandwich, but Tony can smell garlic and pesto and something rich in it. Tony takes a bite of his cannoli, watching Casey work his way through his cookie.
A laugh burbles out of Steve's chest as Tony reaches for the drawer, keeping his mouth on Steve's. He manages to snag the bottle of lube, dropping it on the bed beside Steve before he starts kissing his way down Steve's chest and stomach.
Steve wouldn't be shy about sex, Tony imagines. He'd be confident in bed, certain about what he wanted and how to get it. He's probably got a bit of a knight-in-shining-armour complex, and Tony could get used to that, play the unsure damsel.
Because Steve didn’t remember them.
He's just so damned sick of fighting. He thinks Steve might be, too.
Steve furrows his eyebrows and looks over at Clint. "What do you mean?"
The guilt burns at the back of Steve's throat. He should have done a better job of protecting Casey. He should have been watching.
He cries until his eyes dry out and finds that at some point he’s moved and pressed himself up against the wall, letting it support the weight of his body since he clearly can’t. He’s read that crying is supposed to make you feel better, but he doesn’t feel better at all. He feels hollow, wrung out, and like he’ll never have the energy to move from that spot.
Steve is still in the shower, probably trying to get the goop out of his hair as Tony wanders into the kitchen. is own hair is still damp, and he silently rejoices the fact that he has spare guest bathrooms so he didn't have to wait for Steve to finish up. It gives him time to throw together his plan. He grabs everything he needs, and tells JARVIS to have Steve meet him up on the roof terrace, before dashing off in the suit again. He really hopes Steve takes his sweet time washing up.
"I should get back to work," Bucky says, and turns to leave. "I better see you both soon!" he calls back over his shoulder.
"Justine Hammer told us what Haven was when we were interrogating her. Well, as much as she knew," Natasha tells them. "Guess it was enough to bring us back. How did she even find us?"
Within a matter of seconds, the training room devolves into a flurry of chaos and colour. Tony parks the suit and steps out just as Natasha throws him a gun of his own and a couple of spare clips. He grabs them, and ducks behind some cover, narrowly avoiding getting hit by the next Hawk-Falcon barrage.
He slicks Steve's cock and then hitches one leg over his hips, straddling him.
"Not really, no," Tony agrees.
The heating elements start to glow red almost immediately as the oven starts up.
"I deserve it more than
Bucky and Steve step in, but just as the door is about to close, Rhodey bursts through the lobby doors, looking as frantic as Steve feels.
He drags himself to his feet, and he has to bite viciously down on the inside of his cheek in order to keep from screaming when he puts weight on his knee, but it doesn't matter. He doesn't care – pain is secondary.
“Yes, you would,” Steve says with a grin.
strange. He's strange, and that's all Steve thinks about him. He certainly doesn't have any thoughts or opinions on Tony's gorgeous, sparkling brown eyes or way the skin around them crinkles when he smiles and sags when he's tired. Steve didn't even
Steve blinks.
"I vote morning coffees," Tony suggests.
away?” Tony snaps. “You’re the one who’s been avoiding me for weeks.”
"But. I can't. I can't not be home. It's not possible. Casey – he – you don't understand, he's never been alone overnight before.
"Why are we letting the Wizard of Odd call the shots here, anyway?" Sam asked, crossing his arms in front of his chest. Steve shot him a glance, but Tony couldn't read it. He blamed the beard.
"We don't have a
"Huh," Steve hums thoughtfully. Honestly, it's a great combination. Bucky and Clint had always gotten along, ever since they'd landed in the same squad. Completely inseparable. And they deserve to be happy.
Tony gasps, toes clenching, then moans as Steve pulls Tony's top thigh up over his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. We were. The day you were taken,” Tony says quietly.  A moment later, he feels Steve’s arm settle around his shoulders.
But none of that means
He trails off, but his hand waves to indicate the space between Rhodey and Tony. As though to indicate there is something
"I sent the Space stone with Loki, to take it as far as he can," Thor said. Clint had snarled, eyes blazing.
He's standing there in the empty, half-finished shop, staring out the window like an idiot. He can't tear his eyes away from Tony and his son. Because the kid – Casey, Tony had said – obviously worships the ground Tony walks on. He's looking up at his dad like he hung the moon and the stars and then presented them to Casey as a gift.
Away from the darkness here.
"20 hours 13 minutes, Sir," JARVIS informs him.
"Daddy! Daddy! We saw a duck, and a doggy, and goats, and I went so high on the swings I almost touched the
Well, okay then, if that’s how it’s going to be.
"You're a big sap, aren't you?"
"Is everything okay Mr. Stark?" Julie says, snapping his thoughts back to the moment. Casey's gone off to play on the little playground set up in the wide, fenced off yard, laughing as he flings himself down the slide. Tony smiles. It's pretty hard to be upset with Casey around. He turns his attention back to the teacher.
"Yes!" Tony cheers, punching the air with his fist. "That one. I pick that one."
do this, but you really… you made an impact on me, Steve. Before tonight, even. You're kind, and generous, and funny and smart, and you work so hard, and you've done so many amazing things. You're basically the perfect guy. And yeah, you have imperfections, but that almost makes you
Steve glances up as the little retro chimes hung on the door, and when he meets Tony's eyes, his face transforms into a bright, joyful smile. His eyes crinkle at the corners, his mouth beams wide, and Tony knows, deep down in his
"But Daddy, I never had a treat from here before."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, if we don't want two of them side by side, we gotta get you away from Vision," said Clint.
"We can never lose her," Clint informs him as he comes out of the back of the Manhattan store with a box of cups and lids that need to be brought to the Brooklyn store so they don't run out before the next shipment arrives. "Sandi is amazing."
The smile on Tony's face almost stops Steve's heart.
"Hey, Steve, man, how's it going?"
They eat without speaking for a while. Once Steve has demolished one bowl of the flavourful dish, he spoons himself out another, then takes it to the sofa to eat. Bucky follows him more leisurely, sitting across from him.
"Or they'll
you around," Peter argues, cheeks pinking. "I'm
"Right!" Tony says. "I should, uh, head into the office, anyway. No rest for the wicked!"
"What do you mean, you don't know?" Tony says, words raw, and brittle. "You're the one that set this whole charade up, how do you not know where Vision is? Why didn't he come back here with the rest of us?"
"If that's the argument, we can't spare
He washes his hands and gets to work, slathering pesto over slices of bread to assemble paninis for the lunch special. They'll grill them to order, of course, but the only way they'll be able to keep up with the volume is if they have them prepped to start. Besides – back here, he doesn't have to watch Clint and Bucky snicker about him 'behind his back', and he can let his mind wander. And if, from time to time, his mind repeatedly wanders to the obscenely sexual sound Tony had made at his first sip of Steve's coffee, well, no one has to know that but him.
Luck is on his side for once tonight, and he manages to make it back before Steve is done. He’s just putting the finishing touches on when Steve steps outside. Tony hears the sharp intake of breath, and turns to find Steve standing by the door, staring in awe and the beautifully done up table, lit up with candles and soft patio lights.
"Oh, that, sure," says Man-bun, turning to Hunka. "Stevie, you got an admirer. I was the manager yesterday, today is your turn."
It had only been minutes, and suddenly a sparking gold ring – a portal – had opened up next to Tony, and through it he could see what looked like a rich, Victorian parlour. A tall, slim man with a beard and – for god's sake, an actual cape – had stepped out, as well as a round-cheeked Chinese man dressed in silk robes.
possible to pile more on. God, he wishes that could be something he never found out.
Right. Them, too.
“You know, I built a perfectly good gym for this kind of thing. State of the art training facility.”
It's not accusatory, or even teasing. If Tony let himself analyze it, he might even hear a note of pride in Rhodey's tone.
. All he’d wanted was a lunch date, a few minutes where he could actually see his love, and spend a few minutes just the two of them, holding hands across the table like the massive sap he’s become.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible, security reasons,” he says in his usual unflappable tone. Honestly, with the exception of the first time they’d met, Steve hasn’t seen the guy flustered once. Steve, on the other hand, is more than a little annoyed at the turn this conversation has taken. Obviously SHIELD still wants to keep him around. They want him somewhere they can keep an eye on him while they figure out what to do with him. Like he’s a tool, and not a person who’s just had his life ripped away and his reality turned upside down. Nice to know some things don’t change, at least, the sardonic voice in his head tells him. But the reality is, it feels like every second of his life in the last ten days has been dictated to him, and decided for him, and honestly, he’s getting pretty damn sick of not even having space to
“I-I don’t know.” Steve looks around and shakes his head, almost as if he’s shaking off a daze. “I don’t know why I came here.”
"Oh, thank god. I'd forgotten about the plate," Steve admits, taking a seat at the table. "Tony, thank you. This is amazing."
"Everything is secured out here," Bucky says into his comm, voice impossibly relieved. "Next time you take that comm out of your ear on a mission I'm going to staple it to your skull."
The only way he manages to get through rest of the day without it feeling like seven eternities is by throwing himself into the energy project work for a few hours to make sure the information he's handing the prospective partner tomorrow is polished, and after that he spends some time playing around with DUM-E and Company, who all seem just as excited as he is that Steve is coming back.
deal with it any more."
“He was just doing his job, Tony,” Steve says wearily.
who she is. Natasha Romanoff, she grew up in New England, bounced from foster home to foster home and some of them were good, but some of them were – she left young, joined the army, was in black ops – she learned the ballet – no, she doesn't dance the ballet, why does she think she knows ballet? – SHIELD brought her in – who is SHIELD? – but where is Clint? He was here, and now he's not, and she's got Bucky here but where is Clint? And Casey, Where is Casey?
to get hit on. They're talking about work (for once), when Rhodey's focus shifts slightly up from Tony's face, and Tony turns his head to see what Rhodey's looking at.
"I owe you," Tony tells her. "Seriously, I owe you so much. Thank you. You are the best. I really, really appreciate it. And I swear, I will land this deal."
Bucky snorts derisively. "Every fuckin' second of that place was real, Rogers, and you know it."
Tony sticks out his right hand, giving Steve his best thousand-watt publicity grin. "Tony Stark," he says, finally introducing himself, "of Stark Resilient."
"Oh Jesus, this is bad," the girl says, looking for all the world like she wishes the ground would swallow her whole. "Please tell me the Avengers are not out there dealing with this."
“You set up a deal, take our money, and then set Avengers on us, that’s your plan?”  Steve hears the sound of a clip loading into a gun as the owner continues. “Let me show you just what happens when you try and screw me over.”
Hope, it seems, is a fickle thing, an illusion that likes to taunt him now and again, and his brain seems to delight in its misery because the feeling never lasts long. He wakes up the following morning feeling out of sorts, and it’s all downhill from there. He feels like a stranger to himself, like he doesn’t belong in his own body, like he doesn’t belong in his life, like everything is a dream and he’s just waiting to wake up. Nothing feels real.
Tony glances over at Bruce who nods in confirmation. "It's more amazing than you know, Tony. The work she's doing here? It's more advanced than anything you or I have imagined."
"Tony, please," he corrects her. "Did you know about this?" He nods his head over to the under-construction building. Julie smiles at him, obviously unaware of the catastrophic inevitabilities that 'Brewed Awakening' will have on the neighbourhood.
Sam is limping when Steve sees him across the field, but Rhodey is there, supporting him, so Steve just waves tiredly and continues walking, searching for more injured that can't make their way to the tents under their own power.
"What?" He asks. "She's close with Clint. And she brings Casey in sometimes after school. She's really good with him, which is good, he's such a great kid."
Tony wakes up in a hospital bed. The room is dark, cold. There's the quiet, steady beeping of a heart monitor beside him. As his awareness grows to take in more of the room, he realizes there are more beds, more heart monitors, and the result is a cacophony of beeps at different rhythms and tones.
"Sounds exactly like them," Tony chuckles.
"Or seen," Bucky adds. "Little bird tells us that he was in the other day with someone and the two of you were just all over each other."
"Is Bucky okay?" Clint's voice loses all its usual jovial carelessness, and suddenly he sounds like he had back when they'd been in Iraq. Clipped, formal, to the point.
a bit small, but how much space does a coffee shop really need, anyway? He pulls the next file open.
"How long have you been here?"
"I'm pretty sure he's not the kind of guy you win over," Steve sighs.
"And so Brewed Awakening was born," Tony says.
this, so much so that it aches. And with Steve — maybe Steve believing in him will be enough on the days that he can't believe in himself.
The third daily BFF coffee meeting in, Tony is sitting at what has become their regular table at Brewed Awakening, surreptitiously watching Steve work out of the corner of his eye and half-listening to Rhodey talk about rotor blade technology being antiquated, and that the repulsor technology Tony has been working on would be perfect as a propulsion system for the emergency transport helos.
“Thanks. You know, for saving my life,” Tony had said without preamble while Steve was still half asleep. “But I don’t get it. You needed backup, you could have called.”
He feels a little childish after thinking it. But only a little.
Clint has it as well, as does Steve. But for them, it is warm. For Bucky and Natasha, it's like frost across a window in the dark. Glittering like ice and snow. A cold detachment that keeps them at a distance.
Steve assumes he's headed for Casey. If nothing else, he'd have to be a piece of shit to kidnap a child in the first place, so surely he wouldn't have an issue with using the boy as a human shield.
Tony can't help it. He's so caught off guard by the ridiculousness of it that he bursts out laughing – wild, braying guffaws.
The girl groans, and the guy beside her looks like he's ready to burst into tears. Poor kids. He can't blame them. He had experiments and projects go wrong in grad school – and in his adult life, too, honestly – but this one is a real doozy.
"Okay... but. Why?"
appreciate what Tony is trying to do, "but we have done our research. We considered a
"That's fine, Peter. He'd like that, I think."
Steve doesn't mind it so much. He likes working with his hands, and with the bustle of the coffee shop, sometimes being able to work alone like this is a nice break. It gives him time to think, to plan.
"You'll all be connected," Strange said. "You'll have lived entire lives, and those lives will lead you to each other. As for Vision – well, there's nothing more protective than a parent's love, is there?"
Bucky had taken the phone from Steve's limp, shaking fingers, and Steve could hear him talking to Tony, but it had been like listening to a conversation underwater. He couldn't quite make out the words, and the volume kept shifting up and down.
"I know," Steve says, a little louder.
"Oh. Jeez. Uh, sorry," Tony scrambles for a sheet to wrap around himself to preserve what little dignity he has left. "I didn't –"
"I do recall that," Steve nods, and then catches sight of what's sitting on the table. "Oh my god, Tony, is that –"
He'd better be. Tony's not sure he'll be able to handle losing Casey again, which is how it would feel if they lose Vision.
, I mean about Tony. It's unbearable. I don't understand how they can both be so oblivious."
Tony laughs, too, kissing across Steve's belly.
"Uh. Yes. Yes I am," Clint confirms, and clears his throat. "I think I'm going to need a bigger paintball?"
"Is he…?"
As soon as he gets close, the smell of food wafts into the room, and suddenly Steve is ravenous. He really shouldn't have waited so long to eat – he'd known his body would need to restore its strength, and that his metabolism would have burned through any previously consumed calories long ago.
Casey squeezes his eyes shut, a look of concentration scrunching up his face, and then he pops his eyes open. "Can you see me, Daddy?!"
Rhodey is still laughing at the end of the line, and it's enough to make Tony feel a little better.
Tony takes the glove off Thanos' hand. Steve isn't far; he's dealing with a swarm of the alien beasts nearby when Thor comes across the bifrost, battles with Thanos. When Thor gets a hit in on Thanos' head, he goes nearly limp, limbs heavy with the injury. It won't be for long. Even from here, Steve can see that Thanos is gathering his strength, working to close his fist so he can use the power of the Infinity Stones, but then Tony is there. Tony
“You spend a lot of time down here. With me,” Tony tells him evenly. Steve nods as if this is an acceptable explanation, which, Tony supposes, it is. “You and I… we spend a lot of time together. Or well, we did.”
"That's fine," Tony says, mustering up a charming smile for her. "I'll let you get back to the kids."
"Good morning Mr. Stark, good morning Casey," calls a friendly voice.
"Talked to who?"
Steve flushes again and internally curses his pasty skin. "No. We didn't – there's nothing to sort out."
"Touché."
Sandi gently rests a hand on Steve's arm and turns to Tony. "We really appreciate it, Tony. It's kind of been a rocky week, and you gave us a win that we needed. Just take the damned coffee, with our thanks."
A grunt from Sam. "Don't worry about me," he says dryly. "I can handle this."
was bi," Steve says, looking across at his best friend and wondering how he'd missed something like that. How after everything that they'd shared, including Steve coming out, Bucky had still kept this to himself.
"Put Casey to bed," Rhodey says with a small smile. "I can show myself out."
Natasha had said to take Casey home, that she would 'take care' of the woman who had taken Casey. Tony doesn't know exactly what that means – he mostly hopes it means Natasha would call the police and stay with the woman until they arrived, but if it meant something else, Tony's not even entirely sure he'd give a shit.
+++++
And Steve is so ridiculously grateful, so pleased that the oven is working and that
"Hey, kid, I'm outta here," Natasha says, crouching down on her knees to give Casey a hug. He launches himself at her and winds his skinny little arms around her neck. "I'll see you tomorrow morning, okay?"
The name alone made Tony's blood run cold. He'd asked Thor to say it again, hoping it wasn't the name that had been in his head for years, since the day they'd beat the Chitauri.
Clearly, something had happened between Steve and Stark on that trip. Bucky stays up front until Evan arrives to do the pre-lunch rush work.
"Watch the front for a minute?" Bucky asks, and leaves Evan to it. He and Steve need to have words.
So, it was a lot.
"Where – I've never been there," Steve says, the reality of that hitting him square in the face. The feelings he's been denying about Tony, the love he has for Casey, and he still doesn't even know where they live? How could he be so self-centered?
"Well, sure, I mean, if you want?"
. It pings around in his head – probably because it was a stupid thing to say and he feels a little mortified – but he shakes it off and brings his attention back to Tony.
to not notice how attractive the guy is, but that's all it is. Tony just has eyes. It's not a big deal.
Rhodey stops walking, and it takes a few moments for Tony to realize he's no longer keeping up. He turns, and instantly regrets it.
the graceful fluidity of Tony's movements, the way he talked with his hands. The way his fingers flexed and stretched to underscore his words. And above all, Steve determinedly did not see the way Tony's suit pants hugged the remarkably tempting curve of his ass.
"Don't call me names, I'm too tired to argue."
When Tony gets to the front of the line, Man-bun aims that thousand-watt grin at him. "Hey there, what can I getcha?" he asks.
"Oh, good, I knew I hired you for a reason," Tony says.
"Tony's pulling up now. Don't see anyone around, though."
In the mornings, sometimes he looks out the shop window to see Tony and Casey walking over to the school, hand in hand, and sometimes, Steve yearns to be out there with them. He wonders what it would be like to stand on Casey's other side and walk him to school, to stand shoulder to shoulder with Tony and wave goodbye in the morning as Casey skips up the sidewalk. He's never really thought about it before – having a family, being a parent, but the more time he spends with Casey, the more he wants it. He wants it so much, the thought of it – and the knowledge that it's something he'll never actually have – makes his chest ache so deeply, there are moments he wonders if he'll ever feel whole. He understands now why Tony feels so protective over Casey. He feels it, too. If anyone were to hurt this boy, he would burn the world to the ground to find them. But Tony has worked damned hard to build the life he has for himself and Casey, and Steve is honestly just happy that he's been allowed to become a part of that, even off to the side. He's not going to push for more and ruin the balance they all have. It's too important. He'll never do anything that would mean he risks losing Tony and Casey as a part of his life forever.
Tony nods in reply. "Hit some black ice, spun out, tire clipped a windrow. Little less than a mile from here."
+++++
"Hey, none of that," Steve tells him sharply. "I could have told you to stop."
the mind stone."
"Well, I could say that, but I'd be lying."
"I zoned out, didn't I?"
He pulls the waistband up over Steve's erection and pushes the shorts down his thighs, mouth watering at the length of Steve's dick, right in his face. He's uncircumcised, which Tony hadn't really expected. He's not small – he's a big guy everywhere, though, so that's not as much of a surprise.
Tony blinks at him. "That's a great idea!" he says, and Steve beams at him. "You could go down there in uniform, boost some spirits. Hell, we could all go. I could start a separate foundation, maybe – MSF is more about relief efforts but something for orphans specifically might be nice."
It's a skill Natasha has, as well. An instinct.
Tony quickly reaches out a hand to stop him. "Whoa, wait, where the hell do you think you're going?"
last hope."
Everyone turned to look at him, but it was Bruce who gave him a sympathetic smile. "The Infinity stones, Tony. Thanos is coming for them."
"Maybe. We gotta fire it up, double check, but I think it might have been a short in the connection. You bypass the connection, the short doesn't affect anything."
"Just my ego," Steve huffs as he tries to untangle himself from the blankets. Tony crouches beside him and offers his hand, and when Steve turns to take it, he can't help but get an eyeful of the half hard-on that is visible under Tony's barely existent underwear. It's just a normal morning erection, it has nothing to do with Steve, but nonetheless Steve's mouth goes dry, and he can feel his heart rate speeding up. It would be so easy to turn his head, lean forward and –
"That is the stupidest thing I have heard all day," Tony says flatly. "And trust me, if you had been in on my meeting this morning, you would realise just how many stupid things I have heard today."
“Yeah. It is. I know I have this whole life that I can’t remember. It just feels empty. Sometimes, when I sleep, I think I dream about my memories. And when I wake up, for a second I think I have it. But it doesn’t last.”
They undress one another slowly, gently. Each time Tony removes an article of Steve's clothing, he kisses the newly exposed skin. He's seen Steve naked before, of course, but this is different. He's covered in bruises – some fresh, some from the car accident that had been only a week ago. Tony kisses each bruise with a soft brush of lips.
It burns through him. It's pain, terror, a roaring chasm of nothingness. It's everything all at once.
Bucky and Steve walk as nonchalantly as they can, not talking. Steve knows it would be less conspicuous if they pretended to carry on some sort of conversation, but he needs to concentrate – he has to listen in on the comms to make sure nothing goes wrong with Clint's team, and he has to keep an eye out for anyone that might be suspicious or out of place. And, most importantly, he has to watch for any clues that might tell them which building Casey might be in.
"I missed you, too," Steve admits. "God, it's good to see you."
He doesn't stay where he is, continuing down the hallway, ears straining for any indication as to where in the building Casey might be.
"About you all being morons." She coughs a little, and winces. Hmm, maybe Natasha
"No, his assistant, Blaine Blackwell. It doesn't matter, the point is that I
cold and wet."
"There's this one, it's a few blocks north, but it's a great corner location –"
The current drawing is of a cheerful, tiny cartoon Tony, sitting at a tiny cartoon table, eating a not-so-tiny cartoon sandwich. Above cartoon-Tony’s head is speech bubble reading, ‘Gosh, I sure am glad that I listened to Steve and ate this delicious sandwich.’
Tony snorted. "Man, are
“Yes we’re still talking about this because your house got blasted into the ocean and I thought you were
," Steve says, and Tony can practically hear him rolling his eyes. "You're just being lazy."
“Look, Tony, thank you. I appreciate this,” he says slowly, choosing his words carefully.
The good news is, he doesn't have to look far – judging from the outpouring of sentient slime creatures coming from one of the University buildings a few blocks away, and the group of terrified looking, safety goggle-sporting, grad-school-looking people trying in sludge-covered vain to stop the creatures, Tony's willing to bet they came from some kind of lab experiment gone wrong. It would be almost funny to watch, if it weren't for the fact that this whole fiasco has ruined his evening, and left way more clean up than he even wants to consider.
He’s not alone.
“Except you pretty clearly weren’t,” Stark points out. “Unless I really have gone off the deep end and I’m imagining you. Which, okay, definitely a possibility, but probably not.”
They both stare at each other for a moment, silent.
“I like the drinks,” he says dryly, soliciting a laugh from her.
"You're the fan," Tony says, realization dawning. "You – you talked to me in the coffee shop."
He rinses the cloth in the sink and dries his hands, and is just heading back to check the display case as his phone starts ringing in his pocket. He pulls it out absently and goes to answer, when he sees Tony's name on the screen. His heart skips a beat, and for a second, Steve can't breathe. Tony is calling him? His hands are shaking a little, but his voice is calm as he answers the phone.
"He likes my coffee." Clint and Bucky both stare at him. "And the cannoli. That's it. He's just a nice person who's a regular at the shop."
"Be careful," Steve responds. "You still owe me dinner."
He watches them until they turn the corner, out of view, his eyes unblinking the whole time.
Tony flaps his hand dismissively. "No problem," he says again. "I really don't mind."
"Here we go again," Man-bun mutters, turning away towards the other end of the work space to go stand by where another employee – another blonde guy, though maybe not as tall and jacked – is standing. Tony ignores them both and flips over the folder.
Or maybe Steve would play the virgin, would cry out in surprised arousal as Tony took Steve's whole length into his throat. Would whimper and whine and beg to have Tony fuck him, to open up that sweet, perfectly shaped ass and slide right in, thrust and thrust and just – oh, god – just fuck into Steve's tight body, oh,
right beside my son's school –"
"What do we do?"
Casey looks up, eyes wide, and points at the case like he's just discovered the centre of the universe. "Peanut butter monster cookies, Daddy."
"You're not the only one who had shit to do, Stark," Natasha chides him over the comm. He rolls his eyes.
Without needing to be asked, Steve puts his own coffee down, picks up the French press, and pours coffee into Tony's outstretched mug. Tony leans over and kisses Steve's shoulder, snuggling back into the pillows and pushing his toes up against Steve's ankle.
"But Pepper, Steve is flying in tonight," Tony whines. "If I have to go to this stupid dinner meeting, I'm not going to be able to be at the airport to meet him. I was going to bring him flowers. And surprise him."
When he's done with the background checks on the two candidates he kept – for which he definitely didn't use any questionable computer remote-access skills he may or may not possess – he decides to send an email to the first one, if only because she's got recommendations from two separate high-profile private security firms and a masters degree in early childhood education. He's not sure what kind of person has that kind of disparate experience, but whoever she is, he wants to meet her.
"We'll leave you to it, then," Strange says, turning and leaving the room. Vision goes with him; presumably to head back out to the field to see if there's anyone else they can help.
"It's been insane since the Manhattan store opened," Clint concedes, and Steve thinks they'll probably let the issue of his crush – which doesn't exist – go for the time being. "Even the Brooklyn store has been busier since we opened. Guess word is getting around? I mean, I figured it would be tough work, but jeez. It's crazier than I thought."
He had a
, so I've seen you be dumb, but this is next level. This is – just, wow, I'm starting to think you come from a long line of first cousins."
It's not his first sleepless night, and it won't be his last. He makes his way to his bedroom, and flops onto his bed fully clothed, face mashed into the pillow, and falls asleep almost instantly.
undercover. Not really. You’re just going to be doing some investigating. And two, you’ve gotten better at hiding in plain sight. Besides, you’re a white male. You’ll blend right in with the regular clientele.”
"Thanks, Steve," Tony says with such gratitude at Steve's understanding, it melts Steve's heart a little.
But as much fun as he’s having, he’s happy to set it aside when JARVIS informs him it’s time to get ready for his reservation. He dons his suit with a shirt Steve had picked out for him one day, and heads out to the restaurant in Greenwich Village where they’d had their first
an illusion," Hammer says, and Natasha knows what she's going to say, feels the same realization dawning on her, and she wants to
"Actually, I'm here to bring you more obnoxious co-workers, as it were," Sam says, pulling out a sheet of paper with some names and contact information. "I checked around with some folks at the VA like you asked, and I have a few people here who I think would be a good fit. They're all interested, all just looking for part time hours, something to give structure to the day, you know?"
This is it, this is the moment, the split second. They have to act now, or they're done. Tony looks wildly around, but everyone else is fighting desperately against the swarm. Without thinking, Tony charges towards the crippled Thanos, and grabs at the gauntlet. Thanos yells in rage, and tries to fight him.
"I love the feeling of the neighbourhood, I love the architecture, I love that there's so much cultural diversity. I love that it's growing more vibrant, and how much of that is community-generated. I saw a chance to be a part of that, and to expand our outreach programs. Give back a little."
"Ah, I have to run. Apparently I'm running late for a meeting. Whoops." Tony stuffs the phone back in his pocket and grabs the coffee. He slides a $20 bill across the counter to Steve and waves off the change. "Consider it a meal donation," he says, waving, and strolls back out of the shop, casual as can be. Tony Stark is a whirlwind, and every encounter leaves Steve feeling a little off kilter and out of breath. But it's not entirely unpleasant.
," she says, eyes wide. "How the hell are you even supposed to protect it if you don't know you
. We can't let Thanos get past us, because he won't
Steve will just have to make him regret it.
"But why you?"
The HYDRA agent slowly turns his gaze around the room until it settles on Steve and Tony, and his eyes narrow sharply. An impossibly long moment of tension hangs in the air. Beside him, Steve feels Tony’s muscles tighten, ready to spring into action. From the corner of his eye, Steve sees Tony nodding ever so slightly at him.
“Fine,” Steve agreed at last, and then a moment later added, “I’m glad you’re okay.”
Steve sees the questions warring in Tony's face as he tries to decide what to ask first. He must want to know so much –
"All too well," Steve agrees, and takes a look at the list. "I haven't met Sandi, but I think all the others I've crossed paths with at the VA."
“Why were you looking for me?” Steve asks, neutral curiosity rather than hostility in his voice. Stark just shrugs.
This is what he gets, he supposes, for buying a used commercial oven off Craigslist. He's not even sure what brand it is, and he's never known anything about fixing ovens. But they'd bought what they could afford at the time (which wasn't much), and when Steve had gone to put the trays of cinnamon rolls in, the oven had made a horrible popping noise, and now it's just sitting there, cold as ice. It's only him and Evan in today, of course, because Suze had found a second job and it's Sandi's day off, and Clint and Bucky are in the Brooklyn shop making goo goo eyes at one another, and the fucking oven isn't working, and that fucking door chime
"Hmm, they've ordered more recounts in Florida," Steve says, scrolling.
, that if Steve were to wrap his big, solid arms around Tony's torso, it would be the best hug of his entire life.
He sits down and types out a list on his tablet, trying to come up with reasons why the owners of Brewed Awakening might want to alter their plans. By the time he's come up with what he thinks are bulletproof arguments, it's time to pick Casey up from school. Tony leaves the office and walks down the street, a solid 20 minutes early, of course. He stands outside the gate of the property, watching the traffic and pedestrians while he waits. He spends some time staring at the empty building next door. The contractors are still busily working away – Tony's not sure what the space used to be, but clearly it hadn't been set up as an eatery of any kind. The contractors are having to install the counter, build a kitchen, the whole nine yards.
Casey is crying, he's white and small and afraid, but he's
"It'll be fine, I didn't tear anything this time. Couple days I'll be back up and good."
, we will go to the coffee shop for our meetings because that is the only way I'm going to be able to convince you to
Wanda stepped forward, half-shielding him with her body protectively. "You don't touch him."
"Explain," Tony demands.
"It has been a lot better than I expected," Steve admits, feeling a surge of pride.
"So, Casey, are you having a nice summer?" Steve asks after a moment.
The doorman – Reggie – puts the phone back into its cradle and jerks his chin toward the elevators. There's no button on the wall, but the one farthest to the right opens when they step up to it. There's a little placard above the doors that reads 'Penthouse Elevator'.
"Steve!" Casey hollers, when he catches sight of Steve in the doorway, and it's enough to distract the guy holding onto him, and out of reflex the goon pulls the gun away from Casey's head, aims it toward Steve in the doorway.
"Yeah," Tony says, feeling some of the trepidation melt away, as if Steve's solid, reassuring presence can disperse it all. "Okay. Let's do it."
"So, uh, how're you doing?" Steve asks, trying to steer his mind back on track. Beside him, Bucky is suddenly tense, and a shadow has fallen over his face. Clint instinctually shifts closer to him, even as he's still chatting up Tony's friend.
"Don't play dumb, Stark! It doesn't suit you."
"Stark," Thanos spits, and for the first time, Tony looks into the true face of the nightmare that's haunted him since the wormhole, since the Chitauri. He swallows his fear, and in one quick movement, fires a repulsor blast at the already gaping wound and pulls with everything he has until the gauntlet comes free. Tony's hands are shaking as he holds it, brain racing to catch up with what's just happened.
"I'm fine, Steve. I'm fine. Just banged up. God, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean – I'm sorry."
Tony allows it, but it's brief. Then he pulls away again, eyes narrowing.
"He is back," Strange says with utmost certainty. "That constructed pocket reality no longer exists. He would have been pulled back just as the rest of you were. Only… because he wasn't human, he doesn't have the same aura. And because he was the centre around which the reality was constructed, he didn't have the same anchor."
Ultron had told him, once, that he couldn't live without a war. He's starting to think, now, that Ultron was right – not because Steve needed the war, but because the war needs him.
"Yes."
A ring of sparking light opens beside them like the shutter on a camera, and then Dr. Strange is stepping through, looking bruised, bloodied and worn. He drops to his knees beside Tony's prone body, one trembling hand at Tony's wrist, the other pulling up Tony's eyelid to check his pupils.
"But you – you literally
should have done a better job keeping him safe. It's not your fault, and it's not my fault. Tony's gonna decide it's his fault, but it's not. You know whose fault it is? Whoever took Casey. That's who. Our job now? Find the son of a bitch and put 'em in the ground."
"He's coming to Earth," Steve continues. "The Guardians are on their way, but we need to find Vision before Thanos does."
"How'd you find out we'd crashed anyway?" Tony asks, partly from curiosity, and partly to change the subject.
Dinner with Tony sounds amazing, but the sky's quickly growing even darker, and the first few flakes of snow are already starting to fall.
"Of course not. We can always grab something along the way, or back in the city. New York – always something open."
Tony's stomach twists itself up into knots of fear and anxiety, and he feels like he wants to throw up. But his brain is already kicking into high gear, throwing solutions to the problem.
Steve looked over at the group of aliens – the Guardians of the Galaxy, they'd called themselves, which wasn't at all pretentious as far as Tony was concerned, no siree. "You need to find the Soul stone before Thanos does," he said. "You need to find it, and you need to protect it."
belong there."
But the thought of getting into a cold shower, with as cold as he's been all evening, is too awful. He can't bring himself to do it.
Tony tries to get it back, but it's a lost cause. The car careens off the road, hits a windrow, and rolls into the ditch. It happens so fast that it's over before Steve knows what's happened.
"Felt pretty real to me," Rhodey tells him. "The months of pining after each other. Steve being mopey because he thought you and I were together."
"Sam! Save me! Steve is beating me up!" Clint yells as he darts around to the front of the counter and huddles behind Sam in mock cowardice. Steve rolls his eyes, and Sam turns to eye the man hiding behind him.
. We're not
"Will be fine," Steve amends. "Just my knee. Must have jarred it in the crash. It's an old injury. Thought it had healed."
When they get to Brewed Awakening, Tony pulls the door open and waves Rhodey through first.
"That was fun!" Casey says happily. "I wanna come back soon. Steve is really nice and I like him lots."
. Rhodey is obviously great to Tony, they go back a long way. They're a good fit. It's not Rhodey's fault that Steve heard 'single' dad and automatically assumed 'unattached.' Rhodey is a great guy, and Steve's happy for them. Really. Whatever it is between them, if it makes Tony happy, then it makes Steve happy. "Yeah, like Rhodey."
And yet, right now, in this moment he's happy. They both are. Surely, there's nothing wrong with holding on to that, is there?
“So,” Stark says, studying him so intently it feels like he’s boring holes inside Steve’s soul. “You’re the guy my dad never shut up about.”
have walked away? Tony pauses, watches for a second as Steve charges, and swings, every strike seeming to fuel him even more. Of course Steve wouldn't walk away. He doesn't back down from a fight. He never has. Even when he loses everything, he still fights. Maybe that's why he still fights from his very core, because it's all that he has. Maybe that's the problem – for both of them. They don't know how to do anything else. It's been fight after fight, against enemies, against each other, until they've stripped down everything they have to nothing. They're both wounded animals, have been ever since day one. In pain, lashing out at a perceived threat in the name of protecting themselves from more pain, from rejection, from loss. He thinks about Steve's warm smile on a cool autumn day, bright and carefree in a way Tony's never seen it here in the real world. He thinks about Steve's laugh as they drive the open road. He thinks about Steve's warm body moving against his, and the feeling of
Tony stands, cradling Casey in his arms. Casey has fallen asleep, but Tony knows he won't be comfortable. He's tempted to bring Casey to bed with him, but he knows it will be better for Casey to wake up in his own bed. It might help convince his brain he's safe now. Home. That everything is back to normal.
He picks up the pace, turns a corner just in time to see a heavy steel door slipping closed in the alley there. He bursts forward, grabs the handle, turns it and pulls it open with a jerk.
." He gestured toward the little golden light at the centre of Vision's forehead.
"Which means," Rhodey says, pulling back, "I'm about to get real damned busy, with the transport helo designs and specs. And you're going to get real damned busy with the comms designs and specs."
Steve obliges wholeheartedly, mouth sliding over Tony's heatedly. Tony licks at the seam of Steve's lips, and Steve rewards him by parting them. Tony groans at the taste of him.
And Steve stiffens, because, well, of
thorough background check, but something about her has Bucky right on edge. And Steve has learned to trust Bucky's instincts. He wonders briefly if he should pull Tony aside and talk to him about her.
The door chimes again, and Steve wants to throw something at it, but he looks up and it's like a cool drink of water on a hot day – Tony walks in, looking handsome and animated and relaxed. He's wearing a three-piece suit that probably costs the same amount as a brand new commercial oven, but Steve doesn't feel the slightest bit jealous or bitter, because it looks amazing on him. His eyes scan the shop and zero in on Steve's immediately, and he smiles that half-uncertain, truly happy smile that Steve likes so much, and Steve's whole body changes. The tightness of his muscles is no longer the kind from anxious, on-edge stress. Instead, it's anticipation, the fluttering of nerves, a feeling in his belly of happiness to see Tony again.
But Tony feels the tangible loss of it, anyway.
They'd agreed the kidnapper would probably keep him close, even if they weren't going to bring him to the meeting with Tony. Steve's counting on the fact that whoever it is, they aren't going to be expecting Tony to come with a team of well-trained special ops veterans.
"You didn't notice that he was into you either," Natasha pointed out.
Everyone is back at the tower now, but nothing feels right. HYDRA might not have had enough time to imprint conditioning on Steve the way they had with Bucky, but as far as Steve is concerned, he doesn’t have a life before the lab. He was created as a blank slate, to follow orders. And now—
It's awkwardly silent for a minute, then Sam clears his throat.
"Oh look, we've almost made it to... The Pine Cove Inn? Seriously?"
time. Since we were kids. We know each other, sometimes better than we know ourselves. So while he's never said it to me, I know that at least part of the reason that he won't say anything, or act on how he feels is that he doesn't think he's good enough for you."
"Anne," she tells him.
His initial plan, to tell Tony about his feelings as soon as he wakes, had been the right one. He just has to hope he'll get the chance.
just a random civilian, you know," Steve points out, lips ticking up in a smirk, but Tony waves him off.
"I'm not trying to make the calls, I'm just saying –"
"What stone?" Bucky asks, and he looks unsure.
Tony glares. "Don't you have work to do? Why are you still in my office? Go do something productive. You have helicopters to design."
Tony and his son are so enamoured with one another that they don't even glance at the coffee shop – a fact for which Steve is glad, because he's still standing there like an idiot, watching as they walk past Steve's shop.
"You can be here 10 minutes ago when this meeting was supposed to start." Steve can hear Rhodey clearly through the phone, as close as he is to it. "You could be here on time, even just once, ever."
He brings his contact page up and scrolls up to Clint's name, taps it and brings the phone to his ear.
"Yes," Tony answers seriously, nodding his head. "Yes, Steve, please. I want – I want you to."
“Agent said I could find you here, probably,” Stark informs him. Coulson, Steve guesses. Stark seems to always call Coulson ‘Agent’. Never Coulson, or Agent Coulson, or even Phil, just… Agent. Steve’s guessing there’s a history between the two, but he’s not going to ask. He’s got other things on his mind.
“You haven’t seen him in week.”
"Right," Steve says. "It's been really good, right?"
get to spend time talking to James Rhodes. He's overqualified for the liaison position, but he spends the rest of his time in R&D putting his aerospace engineering degree to good use.
here. "Sure, but, I mean, we don't drink coffee."
As the two of them leave the building and Steve locks up, he feels lighter than he has in weeks. And he thinks that maybe, just maybe, there might be hope.
Before Rhodey can chastise him, or convince him that he really should talk to Steve (he should, but god, he doesn't want to), the terminal that is running the search algorithm starts wildly beeping. Across the lab, Shuri lets out a whoop and races over to it.
There's an even better-looking guy actually making the drinks and putting together the orders. He's fast and accurate, and Tony sneaks a peek at each and every cup put on the pick-up counter, and all the names look like the correct spelling of the actual names that the customers had given with their order. Each latte is done up with a deceptively fast, beautiful piece of latte art.
For a flash of a moment, Steve wonders how they got here from fighting bad guys, but it doesn’t matter, because they
It was thanks to Bucky that they were able to find Steve so quickly, but a week with HYDRA might as well be an eternity. There had still been ample time for HYDRA to inflict their damage.
"Peter has been following me around like a lost puppy," Shuri says with a doting smile. "He's smart, though, so I allow it."
"Why is that so hard to believe?" Rhodey asks, though Tony knows he doesn't mean anything by it.
"Any day, she's around all week," Bucky tells him.
It takes all of Clint's self control not to whoop with glee, but he glances over at Nat, who's wearing an expression of smug satisfaction.
"So what if I do?" Tony asks him quietly. "I can't just..." he trails off.
Tony is immobile, and his face is ghostly white, and his breathing is shallow – but he's
for god’s sake.”
“But?” She nudges.
He stands there for a moment, letting the water heat him to the bone, and then he gets another flash of the highlight reel.
"She ever gonna wake up?" Bucky asks, hands hanging carelessly between his spread knees as he sits on an old wooden stool in the small room they've taken the woman into. He looks completely relaxed, without a care in the world. He could be a sitting on a park bench, feeding the pigeons, for as much tension as there is in his body.
"C'mere," Steve murmurs, patting against Tony's flank. "I want to taste you, too."
. And by the looks of it, they're going to be putting in a large patio. Honestly, it's like they
"Haven't eaten in two days," Steve says around another mouthful of stew.
Casey is looking up at the display case of pastries in awe, as though he's been living in a black and white movie his whole life, and this is the moment he's finally seeing colour. Clint's sweets, cakes, squares and pies do look pretty tempting, but Tony doesn't want to put the poor kid into a sugar coma.
"Called the local tow truck company. They'll be out working all night but they should be able to get to you in the morning. Made you boys some sandwiches. The kitchen is closed, sent the staff home when we saw the weather report. It's not much but it's better than nothing." He holds out a couple of plates stacked high with sandwiches, that at this point look like the most delicious things Steve had ever seen. "Also got the keys to your room. We're booked up solid, again cause of the weather. All I've got left is the honeymoon suite."
." The anger is laced with concern as Bucky presses himself up against Steve's side. Steve slumps against him slightly, and lets Bucky lead him through the shop into the back office. Steve drops himself down on the nap couch – another of Clint's bright ideas, one that Steve is incredibly grateful for right now – and stretches his leg out.
it, you have to
"What the hell?" Steve asks in shock, and then turns to Tony. "What the hell?"
“Approximate countdown.” Tony waves it off like it’s nothing. “Can’t account for delays. Of which there had better be none, you hear me? Zip. Zero, Nil. Nada. Roger, Rogers?”
“What–” Tony starts,
Steve looks up, startled, but shrugs as Bucky takes a seat on the corner of the desk.
"But Pepper –"
"You okay?" Tony asks tentatively.
He's surrounded by warriors who are prepared to lay down their lives; for their people, yes, but also for a world that barely knows they exist. And the Avengers – everything they've done, every battle they've fought, every punch they've thrown, every drop of blood, sweat, and tears since the day they first met has all been leading up to this moment. When Tony had landed in Stuttgart, when he'd laid eyes on Steve for the first time, when they stood side by side and faced Loki, he had no idea then that it was just the beginning. He couldn't have possibly imagined all the joy, and the heartache, and the pain that would follow. If he had, would he have walked away? Probably not. Even with the benefit of hindsight, he'd probably do the same thing, throw himself into the fight over and over again until he was a rundown, exhausted, messy shell. Thinking about it, he wonders how he managed to get through this far at all.
Steve turns at the sound of his voice, and they look at each other –
He always was bad at waiting.
"Thanks for doing this man, really,"
"It's definitely better. Anyway, Mr. Stark, it was nice to meet you," Rogers says, and now his tone is pure dismissal. "I've got to get back to the counter, we're about to see the mid-afternoon pick-me-up rush. I'm sure I'll see you around the neighbourhood."
Rhodey shrugs a shoulder. "Can't say for sure, I think they have a few things to talk over when the dust settles. But it looks like they'll still be together. Like they still are."
Steve shakes his head. "You blew off a meeting with Department of Defence to fix my oven. And I know it doesn't seem like a big thing, but it is, and it saved us thousands of dollars, not to mention the
Tony gets that little twinkle in his eye that he only gets when he’s  genuinely having fun, and Steve would believe for a moment that there would be a chance, that they could at least be friends even if he’s never allowed himself to hope for anything more. But those occasions are rare, and growing rarer. Now, every time they look at each other it’s like something has shattered, and what was once friendly banter turns into harsh snipping and underhanded digs. And it hurts more than Steve wants to admit. So, yeah, he thinks maybe space would be nice. Space to get over Tony.
"It is hot as balls out there, Tony, the last thing I want is a hot drink."
As he makes his way along the streets towards the address that Tony sent him, Steve wonders briefly just what the hell he’s doing. The answer is, of course, that he’s clinging to some modicum of human interaction and kindness, because the reality is that sitting alone in his apartment wishing that he’d died is… not good. It’s not going to end well for him. Even he knows that.
"On his way. Mind stone is all he needs now, and he'll get it out of you over my dead body."
“Yeah?” Tony asks, finally looking up at him.
"Sam, huh? You're the guy from the VA office Steve talks about, right? Nice to meet you, Steve's got nothing but good things to say about you, and what you're doing with the employment placement is just great," Tony says, shaking Sam's hand too fast, talking a mile a minute.
Steve shakes his head. "Not without help."
"Steve," Tony breathes, "he can't... I mean, how can he?"
"You do?" She asks in shock.
"Because you all adore each other, and you'd be lost without them," Sam points out.
Sensing that their warlord is in trouble, the swarm turns their attention away from the crusade towards the palace to find the stone, and towards the more immediate threat. Steve, on his feet again, calls the order to stand against the onslaught. Thor has enough on his plate clashing with Thanos. Thor doesn't have to kill him, just wound or distract him enough that they can get the gauntlet away. Tony turns his attention to the swarm, and starts firing. He can buy Thor some time.
"Oh, did he, now?" Bucky says, raising an eyebrow at Steve. Yet another thing Steve is never going to hear the end of.
And, he thinks dazedly as he looks up and glances out the window, time to watch Tony Stark pick up his ridiculously adorable child from the preschool that really
"Ooh," Tony hisses between his teeth, reaching a little further behind the stove. "What am I late for?"
So he can sleep beside Steve. All night. Just the two of them, wrapped up together in that big bed.
They don't talk much the rest of the way, but it isn't far.
"About how you'd expect."
why," Tony says, cheeks heating furiously. "I don't care if you – I'm a little – it's about the
"No," Strange said. "Ms. Maximoff, we need you here. The level of your power… we can't risk trying to fight Thanos without you. We need all the firepower we can get."
"And what if someone comes in and the button jar is empty?" Tony asks skeptically.
"Is – is Mr. Stark gonna be okay?" Peter asks, and he sounds so young that Steve almost wants to gather him up into a hug, the way he would if the kid
Bucky looks wary, suddenly. He leans back in his chair, resting his spoon on the side of his bowl. "How so?" he asks carefully.
"Oh," Tony says. Like he's not sure what Steve means. Like the praise makes him uncomfortable. "Is everyone else…?"
Steve shrugs. "There are a lot of people who are in need that fall through the cracks. Figure if I can help even some of them, it's good. My Ma didn't always have an easy time of things, raising me on her own. But we had a lot of great people around us, friends who helped her out, people she helped out. As I grew up, it made me appreciate how important community is. That's what I'm trying to do here. And why I think we can do some good in your 'wholesome family neighbourhood'."
He’s an idiot. They’re both idiots. Each of them pushing the other away to protect themselves because they wanted something they thought they couldn’t have.
Finally, when Tony definitely hasn't had his fill but knows he has to stop staring at the boy and get some work done, he carefully extricates himself from Casey's wiry limbs, and silently leaves the room, closing the door half way.
She nods quickly. "In the lab, yes."
, not someone Steve can ask on a date. God, no.
He works on business for a few hours, and then he moves on to the resumes. He throws the first five out immediately – nothing special, no reason to believe they could protect Casey from any threats, real or imagined. There are two that look interesting, though, so he pours himself a cup of coffee and takes a second look. Then he does a little background research on them to help him make a decision.
