“John, that may have been the most needlessly complex sentence I’ve ever heard you speak.”  Sherlock acted as if he were trying to sort it out in his head.
“Ah, John.  You’re late.” Sherlock glanced up from doing something revolting to some entrails that John really hoped weren’t human.  Hard to tell by the smell.
"My condolences," Sherlock says, "But if it helps, he died a self-confessed and convicted murderer, and a notorious thief of Thatcher statues-"
(If John were a wiser man, and perhaps a man with more self-esteem than currently he is in possession of, he might have noticed the slip. Things might then have been resolved rather more quickly. But alas, he doesn’t notice; the moment passes, and the story, as they say, must go on.)
to show up again, didn’t you? Just swan back into my life, two years late, and pretend we can pick up where we left off. Well, Mary’s having none of it, anyway. Says I’m ‘too obsessed’ with you for her to be comfortable, so thanks, Sherlock, really, because as usual the world revolves around you and the rest of us are just here for your
The jet takes off and Sherlock tears his eyes away from John, his figure a fading speck on the ground below.
Mycroft relents. He shifts to sit beside Sherlock (his D&G suit be damned), his back to the wall, and folds his younger brother into his embrace.
“I –” John says, heart clenching at the self-deprecation he hears in Sherlock’s voice. “You’re not an –”
“Yes,” he says, making it almost a question. He clears his throat, shifts awkwardly on his feet. A stray coffee beans skitters from his apron pocket to the floor. “Anything I can help you with?”
The scene fades to black, but the credits don’t roll. Instead, there are hazy flashes of light and the sound of Watson’s voice, “
Looking at the words, Sherlock smiles helplessly; the tears he’s been holding back run down his cheeks.
And Sherlock turns to look at him, a question in his eyes that John answers with his lips. The kiss is electric and bruising, and as John slides a hand up the nape of Sherlock’s neck and yanks at the other’s curls he feels Sherlock shudder and practically
sends their brother off to his own death without batting an eye because it was 'best for the government'?"
Sherlock rolls his eyes, reaching an arm out anyway, because it’s John and he can never say no to John. “Fine.”
“And Kingsley, he’ll be coming too, I suppose?” said the taller, before the pair moved out of earshot, leaving John and Sherlock alone once more.
“Listen to me, Sherlock,” John says, because even though the pain in Sherlock’s voice was evident he’s already turning away, and John’s not going to be the coward again, not this time. “You forget that I’ve known you five years, and that in that time you’ve been an unbridled prick to everyone I know, terrified away any and all of my potential girlfriends, swanned off a rooftop and made me mourn you for
Sherlock blinked again; there was moisture gathering in his eyes. (He’d been falling a second ago, but now, now he was flying.) He laughed, thinking about angels and Moriartys and days spent without John. (None of that mattered now.)
"I'll just, make you boys a fresh pot of tea, shall I?" Mrs Hudson says at length, pulling back and sniffing once, hard.
He tosses the phone back at him on his way out and watches as Anderson fumbles to catch it, nearly dropping it in the process.
He hears the armchair scrape across the floor as John hurriedly stands, and grins at nothing in particular. John comes up behind him and presses a kiss into the nape of his neck, the other snaking around his waist; Sherlock sighs, leaning back into the touch.
” Watson replies, the corners of his lips tugged upwards in helpless affection for the man in front of him, “
John resists the urge to roll his eyes as Sherlock flounces off to the other side of the room to peer closely at the mouldy, peeling wallpaper for evidence, leaving John standing with Donovan and Anderson besides the body.
Sherlock smiles. This is familiar ground; he slips back into the skin of the man he was five years ago, when he’d first met John Watson at the lab in St. Bart’s and was trying desperately to impress him, to make him stay.
"Alright, alright!" Sherlock practically yelps, catching John's hand in his own. He takes a deep, steadying breath. "It was - ill-advised of me not to tell you or the Inspector about Beppo. I am... I'm sorry. And I'll make the apology to Lestrade tomorrow," he adds, at John's raised eyebrow.
” Sherlock squawked, glancing wildly down at Molly, then back across the room at John, who now had his
The wind whistles in his ear, almost drowning out the sound of John’s voice, a soothing balm in contrast to the chaos that has become Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock makes a muffled noise, halfway between a sob and a hysterical laugh, as Holmes injects himself and slips into a hazy, drug-induced hallucination. John wonders if now would be a good time to switch the telly off, because the sex talk during the stakeout was fine, but this – this is knocking down every single wall Sherlock’s ever built up around himself and John’s fairly certain that if he could, he’d be able to hear Sherlock’s Mind Palace crumbling.
it’s your fault, Sherlock!” John explodes, striding towards Sherlock in agitation. He stops two feet away, the (diffused) bomb in the floor between them, standing over where Sherlock’s knelt on the floor. “
Sherlock decides to trust John, because he can always trust John, even if he’s just a construct in his head.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mrs Hudson murmurs, tossing the duster onto the sofa and enveloping him in a hug. He pats her awkwardly on the back because he doesn't know what else to do; he doesn't need consolation. He'd known what he was getting himself into from the moment Magnussen taunted John and he palmed the gun from John's pocket.
"Sherlock," John groans, plucking a sheet of paper taped to the windshield of a police cruiser, "This isn't what I meant when I told you to 'leave me a note' whenever possible."
It’s perhaps only a credit to the monumentally stupid nature of what they’ve just done that gives them an edge over the two men (who are
“Come on, Sherlock,” John says, “Solve this and we’ll leave right now, I promise. I won’t even make you stay and explain it to Lestrade – you can text him later. Just solve this one case – for me.”
Back in the flat, Sherlock spends the rest of the evening watching from the sidelines, as John putters around making first tea, then herbal tea, then giving up and pouring brandy for Sarah, who’s sitting in John’s customary armchair with an orange police-issued blanket draped around her shoulders.
“Oh, but I am,” Sherlock says, flinging an arm out towards the silent telly. “You said so yourself. For some reason, you see worlds where no one else can see anything of value whatsoever.”
,” John says, perhaps more emphatically than he’s ever done so in his life, as he hares after the Sherlock, the utter
Sherlock huffed. He shoved his phone into his jacket pocket, unwound his scarf from his neck and shoved it at John. “Here.”
Johns peers out through a gap in the branches, feeling the thrill of something that has decidedly more to do with excitement than nerves shoot through his body. “How did you know he’d be here?”
They’re at a crime scene (locked room murder, no windows), and because Sherlock had (foolishly) agreed to a bet the other day, John is now doing everything in his power to deter Sherlock from his investigation.
, exactly?" John says, "What's the worst that could've happened, hm? I could've stopped you getting on that plane, I could've gotten on it
!” Sherlock snaps, running his free hand through his hair in frustration. “Mycroft, Donovan, Scotland Yard – even ‘Watson’ –” he spits the name out, stabbing the air with the quotation marks, “– I’m just an addict in need of a fix, I’m, I’m not a hero, or whatever picture you paint of me in your blogs, John. I’m not even married to my work, am I, I just use it to get high when I can’t get my hands on the real thing, and I – you – John, you
“And you’re doing this because…?” Sherlock asks, still not looking entirely convinced as he stares at their joined hands.
“Mm-hm,” Sherlock said distractedly in response, glaring at Mary’s hand on the small of John’s back, at the completely unnecessary manner in which she was draped over him. Just then, John laughed at something Mary said, his head thrown back and his eyes alight, looking happier than Sherlock could ever remember him being. (
John chuckles, some of the sadness leaving his eyes as they crinkle in amusement. “We’ve had a scan. We’re pretty sure it’s going to be girl.”
“Oi!” John snaps, annoyed that any time he should get to spend with Sherlock should be cut short, by the MI-6 wannabe, no less. “Lestrade, was it?”
does Sherlock think he is anyway, asking him over just to drag him across town, on a Friday night no less – these all seem perfectly good places to start. But for some reason John’s brain-to-mouth synapses appear to be firing just a bit less tonight, and none of these concerns are voiced.
“And touchy. Well –” Mycroft spread his arms in a sweeping gesture that the webcam couldn’t capture, “Not going to thank me? I did just save you from another prison sentence. This is – what, only the third time this month? Whatever you’re doing to shut down Moriarty’s network, Sherlock, you have to start doing it with a bit more… finesse.”
He lowers the cup to find both Sherlock and Sandy Hair – Lestrade? – gaping at him. John clears his throat, nestling the drink back into its saucer. “Sir, this
From their first meeting at Bart’s, to moving in with him, to killing the cabbie, John Watson has proved an enigma. Intriguing, exciting and brimming with possibility. Sherlock quashes the voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like Mycroft’s, telling him to back off before he becomes emotionally invested. Instead he glances at John, who’s not only stayed but has killed a man for him tonight –
” He punctuates the last few words with more kicks, until Holmes is curled in on himself and gasping in pain.
“Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock,” Mycroft murmurs, placing a reassuring hand on his brother’s shoulder, “Better you learn this lesson now than later, brother mine. Trust me.”
"I don't like confrontation either," he whispers conspiratorially to the Earl Grey. It remains impassive. "But I'm rather enjoying this one."
the cogs turning in his brain, as John opens his mouth to begin verbally backpedaling his way out of the situation.
“’m glad you did it, John,” Sherlock says finally, twisting round to face John. His eyes are glazed slightly from the alcohol, and his cheeks are tinged red. “You’re the only one who could do it, you know.”
“There’s someone coming, this is easiest,” Sherlock muttered, backing up until he hit the tree. He tugged at John until he relented, tipping forward until their chests were pressed together.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock says, pausing in the doorway, “You still have my card, yes? Come by at 8. I’ll buy you a drink.”
,” Holmes is saying emphatically, his smile tired but affectionate as he picks himself off the floor and goes to stand by Watson’s side. (John wishes Sherlock smiled at him like that, with such sincerity and emotion.) “
He’s about to make for the counter when the hand on his wrist stops him. He turns; Sherlock’s staring at where his fingers are pressed lightly, imperceptibly (to anyone else except John – he didn’t go to medical school for
He solves Emelia Ricoletti’s case, gets Sir Eustace killed in the process, and predicts what Moriarty’s next move will be in this game of theirs. Throughout it all John stays a constant, steady presence by his side (not counting the time he moved out of their rooms to live with Mary), and successfully banishes Moriarty, freeing Sherlock from the clutches of his own mind.
,” Moriarty says, grinning sadistically down at Holmes. (Sherlock makes a noise that sounds suspiciously like a whimper. His free hand, resting on his thigh, clenches into a fist.) “
“Sherlock, it’s been two days since the case ended; if you don’t eat something I’m going to take your microscope away.”
John quite frankly doesn’t remember the last time he’s had so many things he wants to say in his life. Just exactly
Mycroft and John are talking, taking turns berating him for his lapse in judgement. Sherlock lets their words fade into the background as, keeping his eyes shut, he lets himself fall.
“Er –” Sherlock said eloquently, blinking down at her, then snapped his mouth shut before he could embarrass himself any further.
“Cocaine,” Sherlock murmurs, an appreciative glint in his eye (John’ll have to remember to ask him about that later) as he inspects the dozens upon dozens of neatly arranged packets.
And without even waiting for John to give the affirmative (or any kind of response, for that matter), he’s out the door and lost in a flurry of coattails and snowflakes to the London streets.
“Not really,” Sherlock admits. He glances down; he can’t see the water at the bottom. It looks like a never-ending freefall.
i honestly don't want to think about s4 and the possible catastrophic fallout of whatever mofftiss consider "the darkest we've gone yet" means for the boys
“This yea-aar,” Molly pitches in, and John groans from where he’s stood on a step-ladder, arranging tinsel around their ceiling-high Christmas tree, because if there’s one thing he absolutely despises about the festive season, it’s Molly’s singing. (He loves her, he really does. She’s a loyal friend, a great colleague and owns some truly terrible knitwear to rival John’s own, but her ability to carry a tune is virtually non-existent.)
“Hurry up and send it,” Sherlock says lowly, with his mouth far too close to John’s ear, who shivers with cold and anticipation – of
"You're a fucking idiot," John declares finally, smoothing an errant curl from Sherlock's forehead. "And I hate you."
manage to roll onto his side, however, and his eyes widen when he sees John slumped against the far wall, unconscious and held at gun point by his ex-wife.
“Everything’s a bloody experiment for you!” John fumes, flinging the carton at Sherlock with a vengeance. He catches it and starts collecting the scattered toes, shoving them back into the container. “What did I tell you about dismembered body parts in the fridge, Sherlock?”
?” John said weakly. He sounded like he was either about to punch Sherlock or snog the breath out of him. (Sherlock knew which option he preferred.)
“Er – nice meeting you,” John says, and before Mrs Hudson has a chance to reply he finds himself being tugged onto the street and into the back of a black cab – which evidently Sherlock summoned out of thin air.
He struggled to his feet and hobbled (he had a twisted ankle) to the cell door. The guard led him down the hallway of the precinct to what was presumably his office. He was pointed towards the lone chair in front of the wooden desk, after which the guard swiveled a computer screen round so it faced Sherlock.
Mycroft was uncharacteristically silent for a beat, before saying with a seriousness Sherlock didn’t normally associate with him, “Be careful, Sherlock. There’s only so much I can do for you, sitting behind a desk here in England. Do it for John’s sake, if not mine.”
"You're not worthy," John hisses, yanking Mycroft closer by the knot of his tie, "To call yourself Sherlock's brother. You're not worthy of calling him his
It might as well have been the fifth of November for all the fireworks lighting up behind Sherlock's closed eyelids, and he's never been a fan of poetry, but
. John’s vision swims back into bleary focus to find his assailant standing feet away, pointing both guns at Sherlock, who’s slowly getting to his feet, both hands in the air. Michaels’ prone body lies somewhere to his right, apparently knocked out cold.
Molly, who hadn’t seemed to expect anything else, took the mug from him and busied herself with the kettle. A minute later she pressed a steaming mug of tea into his hands.
Sherlock disappears back into the kitchen. John assumes he must not be interested, but a minute later Sherlock appears again, sans goggles and bearing two mugs of tea.
The moment’s broken when the café doors open to admit an icy rush of wind and the shady, windbreaker-wearing bloke from Sherlock’s last visit.
Relief crashes into him, wave after wave of it until he’s drowning. (His chest is still constricted and he feels two seconds away from a heart attack, but he’s never been happier to see John.)
He settles for an uncontrollable giggle that’s entirely incongruous to the situation at hand. “You’re – terrible, you know that?” he asks between breaths.
MI-6 operative groans, sliding a hand down the side of his face in abject despair, “Let this go for once, will you. Maybe you haven’t noticed, but we’re a little short on time.”
He panicked a bit. "You are an attractive man. But I know I crossed the line today; I shouldn’t have looked at you that way. I’m sorry.  I know you don’t want that type of thing, and that’s fine; I won’t bother you with it.  It was just those tights today, but I know that’s no excuse; I can control myself better.  I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, and I’m sorry for invading your privacy by…”  John rambled until he ran out of breath.
fits that particular stereotype, the posh git.  Though not all of the other stereotypes; he’s absolute crap at interior decorating.”
“Yeah, man!  Hey, wait, let’s get another round real quick…”  Even the flurry of activity in acquiring eight more pints didn’t distract his curious audience.  John downed about half of his.
In the cab, Sherlock sprawled on his seat, the unbuttoned Belstaff falling open as he stared out of the window.
There were three eleven-year-olds with shrill voices behind him, chattering about the latest Disney film and shrieking every time the bus hit a bump, there was a draft, or, well, he wasn’t quite sure why, only that they did it much more than seemed really necessary.
Ah.  In the tackling, Sherlock’s shirt had been rucked up, leave his arse on full display as he exited.  Unfortunately, John got only a glimpse before it was back to business handing the suspect off to the officers Lestrade had sent over.
“And I notice you said the Morrisons didn’t deserve what I did to them.  But you didn’t say anything about the Rockinghams.”
Siger would have facepalmed if he hadn’t been driving and needing to keep his eyes on the road.  But his exasperated look turned quickly into a fond smile.  After all these year, his wife’s cheeky grin still got to him.
By the time John finally hit save on the notes he had submitted to the clinic’s patient database it was a good forty-five minutes past the time he was scheduled to leave.  Mrs Johnson had turned out to have a large rash spreading from rather sensitive areas of the body; nothing terribly unusual about that, but she’d tried several home remedies to treat it herself over the course of several weeks.  The unfortunate woman had no talent at all for such things, and her sister-in-law’s recipes had caused an allergic reaction on top of the original fungal infection, and the whole lot by now had a decidedly less than pleasant smell.
should have to this debacle!”,  “Oh yes you are. The biggest drama queen I’ve ever seen.”).  This howl was one quarter experiment-frustration and three quarters pain, so John left his email forgotten as he wandered into the kitchen to see if his medical degree would need to be put into use.
Laurina nodded quickly, with tears in her eyes at the thought of not hearing from a child for so long.  She got a bit antsy after a fortnight without a chat.
He’d dropped his keys, couldn’t pick them up with his gloves on, had to stick his fingers right into the slush to get them, and then freezing rain dripped right down the back of his trousers when his coat pulled up as he bent over.
John breaks off, voice catching in his throat. “– I just can’t lose you again, Sherlock,” he says lowly, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s shoulder, so hard it verges on painful. (Sherlock revels in every moment of the pain because it means John’s here, he’s not leaving.)
What followed was a methodical (and cruel) enforcement of said threat. Sherlock arrived just in time to save the jar of toes from contamination, but everything else had been thrown away.
“John, there’s something –” Sherlock says, and something in his voice must alert John to his current state, because John’s gaze snaps to meet his. Sherlock releases a shaky breath; behind his back, he’s gripping his own wrists so tightly his hands have gone numb. “– something I should say, something I’ve meant to say always, and then never have.”
“Aaand a candle, for you and your date, Mr. Holmes,” Angelo says, winking at John as he slides the candle onto the table between them.
Sherlock waits until Lestrade’s retrieved his sunglasses, bodily spins him around and marches him in the direction of the doors. “Sorry we can’t stay, we’re in the most
There’s a devastation in Holmes’ eyes that John can’t bear to see, and when Holmes stops resisting, simply lets his hand slip from Moriarty’s throat and closes his eyes, waiting for death, John reaches for the remote. “Right, I’m turning this off.”
A woman in her sixties is standing in the doorway, wearing a smile and an apron over her magenta dress.
do you mean, you were sending him to his death?" John shouts, and Sherlock's never seen him this angry in the years they've known each other (and that's including the time he found a dismembered testicle in their bathroom sink). He tries to recall the last time John's gotten angry on his behalf, and can only conjure up pre-Moriarty, pre-Magnussen memories.
“You want to know why I shot myself full of drugs before I got on this jet, John?” Sherlock barrels on, anger (at himself for being a coward; at John for marrying Mary) rising within him like a tidal wave. “Because I wanted you to be
"John, I -" he says, and pauses, because he made a promise to himself on the autopsy table, that if he ever made it out, he'd leave nothing unsaid. Leave John all the notes he's been too much of a coward to leave, before.
of a cup being set rather forcefully into its saucer from behind has him glancing round. Their regular, his MI-6 friend and Molly are frozen in a tableau at the corner table: Molly, a mixture of horror and apprehension on her face; their regular, one of mild annoyance; and Sandy Hair, one of exasperation and embarrassment.
"Ma - ry," he manages, despite the drugs coursing through his bloodstream, and vice-like chokehold of abject
Sherlock grins, unfolding and standing quickly, ignoring John's protests. He turns and heads for his bedroom, untying the belt of his dressing gown as he does so.
Sherlock’s gaze snaps up to meet his, and there’s a naked vulnerability in his eyes, in the line of his throat as he swallows, in the frantic beat of his pulse that John can feel under his fingertips.
There’s a pause while John looks stricken, torn between punching the living daylights out of Sherlock or fucking the living daylights out of him.
"Yoohoo!" Mrs Hudson trills at that point, rapping sharply on the door and pushing it open before they have a chance to reply. "I've brought you tea and - oh! Sorry to interrupt, boys. I'll let you - I'll just leave the tea and let you, let you get on, shall I?"
"Before I got on that plane, John," Sherlock says, watching as John's eyes widen in surprise (they'd both agreed that day was taboo as a topic of discussion), "What I was going to say - was that between you and the rest of the world, there wasn't ever a choice for me to make. I realized this when the Lotus Tong kidnapped you and nothing in the world mattered except getting you out. Getting on that flight was one of the hardest decisions I've had to make, and by the time I got on it, I'd convinced myself that life without you by my side wasn't worth living - hence, the drugs. Sorry about that, by the way, I was only trying to-"
would like me to tell you that what you heard last time was strictly confidential information. And that if you happened to tell anyone else what you heard, you’d have to spend some time in Scotland Yard’s less – palatable – holding cells.”
“Please, let me just –” John rasps, as the medics arrive on the scene and begin lifting Sherlock onto a stretcher.
, John’s brain helpfully points out) – who both seem too shocked to do anything other than stand there, open-mouthed, their guns held slackly, as Sherlock and John make their attack.
The plan is executed and timed perfectly, and as Sherlock lies on the red-stained concrete, motionless and pulse-less, he realizes this may have been a terrible idea.
The hum of the jet engine behind him is a distraction; Sherlock can feel his hands shaking, though whether that stems from nerves or the drugs he took, he doesn’t know. He tucks them behind his back, clears his throat, turns to Mycroft.
“I – yes,” he said haltingly, a flush rising to his cheeks as he surveyed the damage. “New case, yes. Very – very interesting. Something about a missing earring. Excuse me.”
The glare Sherlock levels at Lestrade could have withered roses in full bloom. As it is (and without any nearby plants he can nip in their buds, most likely), Sherlock settles for taking a long sip from his sugar-drenched cappuccino instead of deigning Lestrade’s words with a verbal response.
John shuffles his feet, looking as awkward as he’d done when he walked in on Janine kissing him. He doesn’t quite seem capable of looking Sherlock in the eye; he addresses a point over Sherlock’s left shoulder. “Actually, I – I can’t think of a single thing to say.”
that the image of Sherlock and police-issue handcuffs, now that they've been conjured, refuse to leave his mind.
Anderson and Donovan look incredibly smug about the whole situation. John has never needed Sherlock to swoop in and interrupt a conversation so much.
“I –” Sherlock says, his voice coming out an octave higher than usual. He swallows, tries again. “I’m… your date?” The words are unsure, and said with an inflection that suggests Sherlock thinks this to be a joke of some sort, or a mistake that John’s very quickly going to correct.
And before John can tell him otherwise, Sherlock takes off like a shot, his coattails flapping after him in the wind as he runs straight towards the altercation.
Mycroft, he reflects bitterly, as he pockets the squash ball, would be proud if he could see him now.
He scrolls down, down to the bottom of the page, and finds himself reading John’s first entry about him. He leans back in the chair and lets the words – so banal and annoying to him five years ago – wash over him, a soothing balm against the tumultuous waves of anguish he feels at never seeing John again.
for you, is it?” John snaps, venom in his voice. He looks angrier than Sherlock’s ever seen him, and that’s including the time he came back from the practice and found Sherlock chainsmoking in the middle of their living room.
“What – oh.” Sherlock pauses, frowning down at his dressing gown in the bemused manner of one who doesn’t quite remember donning it in the first place. He tugs irritably at the silk belt around his waist before discarding both gown and laptop in one fell swoop onto the staircase. John realises he isn’t even surprised to find that the man has on a tailored three-piece Dolce & Gabbana suit on underneath. John is suddenly painfully aware of his own outfit – cable knit jumper, jeans and Barbour jacket – which he haphazardly threw on this morning before heading to the cafe.
He gets his answer when, at the man's signal, Mary thumbs the safety off, the sound sending phantom echoes of pain lancing through his chest as his body remembers the bullet it had taken.
"Oh, silly me," Smith says, lips pulled back as he bares his teeth in a grin. "I'm sure you won't mind if I do this then," and clasping Sherlock's left hand, he produces a switchblade from a pocket and presses the blade into Sherlock's palm.
Sherlock frowns, though he doesn't open his eyes or indeed, move an inch from where he's reclined comfortably against the sofa in his dressing gown. Its left sleeve has ridden up, exposing the pale expanse of  his forearm, on which - John notes with sudden alarm - are a total of four nicotine patches.
The realization hits him like a freight train (or a bullet to the chest - thanks, Mary) and he struggles to sit up despite the paralytics in his system. It's useless; he
It comes out a hoarse croak, but it's enough. John tenses, brow furrowing as he wakes. His expression clears when he sees Sherlock's awake.
“He was high before he got on the plane,” is Mycroft’s helpful input. Sherlock imagines punching his brother square in the jaw.
He watches with amusement now as John advances towards Mycroft, who's still sitting in the armchair (
The pain is a sharp juxtaposition to the numbness he's been feeling for hours now, and Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath, using the pain to ground himself, a reminder that this is real, that Smith and the threat he poses, are real and tangible.
(He keeps these thoughts to himself, though. He rather thinks he’ll let Sherlock navigate this particular case by himself.)
“I –” Sherlock stops, thrown off guard by the question. Surely the answer must be obvious, even to the dullest of creatures. John would have to be incredibly blind not to know. He narrows his eyes at John, and decides to test the waters. “Because I –
. “That I’ll always be here when you need me, Sherlock. That it’ll always be the two of us against the rest of this bloody world.”
apparent. He’s over thirty-five and barely scraping by on an army pension, for fuck’s sakes; he can’t afford to moon over coffee-addicted but sugar-loving patrons with rich baritone voices and cheekbones sharp enough to cut.
"He was my nephew," Smith says, in an uncharacteristic moment of quiet. (Sherlock has a thousand snide comments about their clear relationship, based purely on hereditary insanity, but he refrains.) Smith's eyes are fixed on the far wall; the cut on Sherlock's palm drips steadily, staining the metal surface he's on. "I loved him like he was my own son."
John watches in amusement as a disgruntled Lestrade shakes himself free of Sherlock’s grasp and pushes the door open with no small amount of force.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I have a theory." At John's expectant glance, he says, "It was a blank, wasn't it. In Mary's gun. And she deliberately missed." His gaze flicks to the gauze hiding the shallow cut on John's arm.
“Cappuccino for me, please,” a by-now familiar, and oft-fantasized about voice rumbles, and John spins on the spot, staring in disbelief at Sherlock, standing in front of the counter with rain-tousled hair and an amused curve to the smile he now levels at John.
Sherlock simply picks it up by the ear and glances dubiously at it. “What,” he starts, as what looks like a mini marshmallow bobs to the surface of the drink. He shoots a sidelong glance at Molly, a silent plea for help that she duly ignores.
“Over here,” Sherlock finally says, and beckons John over to a large tree. By its trunk is nestled a park bench, which Sherlock folds himself gracefully into.
you go on that suicide mission with me, John!" Sherlock growls, tightening his hold on John's kneecap to the point of pain.
“Solved it!” Sherlock announces grandly, picking himself off the table he’s just finished assaulting with the side of his face in an attempt to work out some miniscule detail or other. He breezes past Anderson and Donovan on his way out the door, stopping only to grab John by the elbow – “Come along, John!”
Eight hours later found the two of them crouched behind a tree by the Thames riverbank, Sherlock with his eyes trained on the motionless dinghy twenty feet ahead, John alternating between stamping his feet and blowing on his hands to warm them.
“You machine!” John shouts, the words reverberating in the sterile air of the laboratory, before piercing with finite precision Sherlock’s rib cage and lodging deep in his heart.
The body has evidently been hit with a blunt instrument, judging by the bruising and blood around the back of the head, which can mean one of two things, that the room has no –
"I -" Sherlock says, voice tight and pained at the reminder of the mistakes he's made, the time he'll never be able to make up to John. "This was different, if I'd told you you would have-"
What follows is a routine so comfortable and familiar, it feels like they’re slipping back into habit, when really it’s the first time they’ve done so. They watch crap telly together until an ungodly hour of night, Sherlock ridiculing every single plot hole and John content to just listen.
," Smith says, wiping the blade on Sherlock's shirt once more (Sherlock decides he detests the man), "is my nephew back. But since that's a rather tall order, I think I'll settle for sending one of you off to an early grave."
“That’s an incredibly novice assumption to make,” Sherlock says, not raising his voice, exactly, but also clearly not fussed about keeping it down. “This is someone fastidious, talented. They’ll have been careful about keeping their mess – shall we say –
With a sigh of great exasperation, Sherlock thrusts the phone at John. “I need you to type something for me. Now.”
Sherlock sighed. He reached out, snuffed the candle and eased it onto the table adjacent theirs. “There. Happy?”
“Would you mind if –” Sherlock pauses to collect himself. His fists clench behind his back; there’s sweat beading at his temple. (Surely Mycroft can tell how high he is right now. The leaden weight of the List sits in his breast pocket, weighing him down.) “– if John and I took a moment?”
Sherlock clears his throat. "Now Mrs Turner'll definitely start talking to her married ones," he groans, releasing his hold on John and flopping back down onto the sofa.
“Oh.” There it is again, the vice around his heart, tightening until Sherlock feels like he might explode. He feels moisture gathering at the corners of his eyes and tilts his head back, blinking rapidly until the danger passes.
“Cappuccino, yes, right away,” Molly jumps in, when all John appears capable of doing is to stare, dumb-founded, at Sherlock like he’s a figment of his imagination that might disappear at any moment. “That’ll be two sixty-five. Thanks,” she says as Sherlock deposits the change in her hand.
. Well, he supposes it’s his own damn fault; he should’ve learnt after Victor, but it’d been fourteen years after when he’d met John, and he’d been so alone, and he’d thought (hoped) that it would be different with John. In a way, it
John’s hands, ice cold from the wind, refused to cooperate. After watching John attempt to put the scarf on with thinly veiled amusement, Sherlock pushed his hands away and did it for him.
Mycroft’s heart clenches; he has failed in his duty to protect his baby brother. “In time, Sherlock. But for now, you would do well to focus on your studies. Forget about
“And it’s – my fault?” Sherlock asks, the pain of his knees against the unyielding floor nothing compared to the crushing weight on his chest.
“Thanks, Angelo,” said John, his expression one of fond exasperation, when the man placed a rosemary-scented candle on the table between them.
Holmes is staring at Watson with his eyes wide and his mouth agape, clearly impressed and struggling to hide it. He seems to have completely forgotten about the criminal mastermind currently residing on his knees between them.
–” And with that he surges up so his lips meet John’s, who immediately groans and threads a hand through Sherlock’s hair, returning the kiss with such enthusiasm and fervour Sherlock wonders how he could
John closes his eyes, resigning himself to his fate. He pushes himself to his feet, and does his best to look presentable, standing there with apron askew, his hair a lost cause, and coffee beans falling from his person at intervals to
“Are you sure?” is what Lestrade finally settles on, glancing at Sherlock like he’s hoping to be contradicted.  “Pyeterson could have done this without outside help, you know.”
it was a suicide mission, it was six months to infiltrate Eastern Europe's largest underground terrorist organziation from the inside, it had 'death' stamped all over the front cover-"
John ducks under the police cordon and fairly jogs to the nearest Tesco's. He's never bought milk this quickly in his life.
“Two, right?” John says, tearing into one and dumping the contents into the coffee without waiting for an answer.
Sherlock flaps a hand impatiently. “Yes, the case. Do keep up, John. The one you overheard the other week, when you were pretending to load the coffee grinder. Michaels is our guy, and I do think tonight will be our chance to catch him in flagrante.”
–” she reaches into the front pocket of John’s apron and plucks Sherlock’s business card from it “– everywhere you go?”
Sherlock hurries as best he can through the tramway tunnel, careful not to make a sound. Just around the bend in front he hears General Shan talking, and then – the voice unmistakable – John’s reply.
Sarah makes no reply, staring vacantly ahead, clutching the brandy like she’s drowning and it’s a lifeline tethering her to the shore.
“Sherlock…” John says slowly, wondering how the hell his brain didn’t connect the dots half a minute sooner. “Who did I just text?”
What he’s not prepared for is Sherlock peering wide-eyed at him over the lens of his microscope, before hurriedly pushing his chair back and stalking to the sitting room, where he promptly flops onto their sofa and turns to bury his head in between the cushions.
“He’s not my –” Sherlock starts to say tiredly (because John usually says so, at this point), pushing the candle away from him like it’s offended him on a personal level.
John pursed his lips. (He looked vaguely disappointed. Something sank in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach.) “We can have Angelo box it up.”
, no,” John moans, as Sherlock is borne off to the ambulance, and maybe it’s cowardice, but Sherlock wishes more than anything that his homeless network hadn’t been ready, that he could have jumped and died like he was supposed to.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Idiots, the lot of them. It was hardly my fault Beppo was being so horrendously obtuse and careless with the murder. The
, his mind helpfully reminds him, the traitor), "- would have been better off unsaid. And besides," his lips twist, a rueful smile, "You would've thought it was a bid for attention, anyway."
“Night,” Sherlock tells the empty living room, stomach rumbling with hunger after all the Chinese he didn’t eat, but his chest feeling lighter than it has in years.
John groans, and shoves at Sherlock's chest lightly. "Just pleased to see you, yeah, yeah, I get it. Ha bloody
John watches as the regular folds himself gracefully into the quilted armchair, leans back against the garish, cat-patterned cushion as his companion – sandy grey hair, windbreaker, an exhaustion that seeps from his every pore – plops down in the chair opposite. From inside his jacket the man fishes out a thin file, which he and the regular immediately bend their heads over. John wonders if it’s secret, confidential MI-6 business (that would explain their regular’s usual secretive nature, as well as the fact that Sandy Hair actually has a pair of black Ray-Bans perched on top of his head), or if that’s just his imagination going into overdrive.
“Leave me alone,” is all that John is able to get out of him for the rest of the morning, although there are two other separate requests for John to make him tea. (John acquiesces, of course, because it’s Sherlock and he’ll never be able to deny him anything he wants. Not even tea.
I’m so cold I c – can’t control my bodily f – functions,” John whispered, because they were in the middle of a stakeout and subterfuge was nothing if not his strong suit.
"Boys!" she admonishes, scandalized and concerned in equal measure as she sets the assortment down on the coffee table, next to the rescued Earl Grey. "I wish you'd all sit and
“Oh, for God’s sake –” John mutters, which is all the warning Sherlock gets before John’s hands are around his neck and John’s mouth is on his, and the rest of Sherlock’s words are lost, swallowed up in the non-existent space between them as they kiss.
“So,” John says eventually, clearing his throat. He’s afraid to look at Sherlock. “That was – quite something, huh?”
In the silence that follows, John’s disappointment is deafening. Sherlock closes his eyes and desperately wishes he were back in his Mind Palace, comfortably ensconced by a fireplace in an alternate timeline where John doesn’t leave. (Or even if he does, that he’ll always come back to help Sherlock fight his demons.)
“That’s him,” Sherlock whispers, pointing a gloved hand at a shadowy figure that John can just about make out at the edge of the dock. “That’s Michaels.”
“John?” Molly says, as he fairly stomps behind the counter, beelining straight for the jam jar, and there’s something far too knowing in her tone. “John.”
“No,” Sherlock lowers the cup, and John has to hide his grin behind the guise of a hastily faked cough; there’s a creamy moustache sitting on Sherlock’s upper lip that he’s itching to lick off for him.
“Sherlock,” John says, and there’s a roaring in his ears which has nothing to do with the still-smarting blow he took to the side of his head.
John slides the cup across the counter to him, watches as Sherlock brings the cup to his lips, takes a first sip, and then practically inhales the rest of the coffee.
"John!" Lestrade calls, straightening from where he's crouched over the body. "You wouldn't happen to have seen a mangled arm anywhere, would you?"
They shake, and Sherlock hungrily devours the moment, the last chance he’ll ever have to feel John’s touch, to lay eyes on John. (He catalogues the callouses on John’s hands from his days in Afghanistan, the firm assuredness of his grip, and files everything away in the foyer of his Mind Palace, determined to sear it all into his memory, his hard drive.)
“Quickly, please, we’re in a hurry!” their regular chooses that moment to call across the shop. His shout startles the only other patron in the shop, an elderly lady sitting by the window, who’s been trying for the past hour to figure out the day’s crossword without her reading-glasses. (John wonders if it’s worth telling her they’re perched on her head, and that the reason she hasn’t yet realized the letters don’t fit is because the paper’s the wrong way up.)
” Sherlock spluttered. (Now she’d even reduced his mental capacity to one-word responses. The day was just getting better and better.)
“Ah – I’m sorry,” John mutters, coughing to hide his embarrassment as he reaches to retrieve the cup. “I’ll just get you another one, shall I?”
He raises a hand to his own neck, slots his fingers against the faded imprint of Beppo's hand, where they'd been crushing his windpipe into submission less than three hours ago.
John made a non-committal grunt and finally perused his menu. They both ended up ordering exactly the same thing they always did – salmon linguine for John, mushroom risotto for Sherlock, a bottle of rosé between them.
“It’s been obvious since day two that you were completely gone for him,” Molly said matter-of-factly, taking a sip from her champagne flute as though she hadn’t just upended his entire universe.
There’s a beat of silence as they both survey the scene before them: the two prone figures on the floor, the discarded gun, and the abandoned duffel bag their assailant was carrying which, when Sherlock bends down to open it, is chock-full of –
“You’re just trying to make me say something nice,” he says testily, and Sherlock laughs brokenly because it’s true.
A muscle in John’s jaw works. (Sherlock wonders what John’s not saying.) “You bastard,” he finally settles on, voice low but steadily increasing in volume as he continues, “You –
“Of course,” says Mycroft, the gravity of the situation accentuated by the readiness with which he agrees.
” Holmes frowns, like he can’t for the life of him fathom why he wouldn’t want to praise Watson’s to the skies, “
“The, er, the wedding’s off,” John said blankly. Sherlock barely refrained from rolling his eyes because
Sherlock struggles to shake off the haze John’s words have put on him, and concentrates on the bare facts of the case, because he’s the world’s only consulting detective, goddammit, and he’s not about to be thwarted by his own libido.
Sherlock startled and veered away from him without finesse, slamming his elbow against the edge of the table and knocking a stack of papers to the floor with his other arm.
Their suspects strode past the tree without pause, and Sherlock strained to hear their conversation, a nigh impossible feat given that John had somehow gotten it into his head that kissing wasn’t sufficient; he was now doing something to Sherlock’s neck that involved teeth and tongue and – Sherlock willed himself to focus on the case.
“It’s not,” John says, letting go of Sherlock’s wrist, twining their hands together instead. “I’ll tell you what this is – it’s something that’s been a long time coming.”
," he says, and when all John does is stare unseeingly at their burgundy carpeted floor, he rests a palm lightly on John's knee. "Look at me."
Sherlock blinks, looking dazed and unsure of himself, though he makes no move to pull away. “John, I –”
His hand closes around the ties of his Christmas-themed work apron and in one fluid motion he springs to his feet and flings himself forwards, looping the ties around the man’s neck from behind and yanking until he chokes, the guns clattering to the ground as his hands come up to scramble for purchase. Just as John’s beginning to worry that he’s getting dangerously close to asphyxiating the man, Sherlock resolves the problem by picking up one of the guns and knocking him out with the flat of it.
Smith's knife slams onto the metal table (Sherlock's decided it's a table he's on; a bed wouldn't be quite so unyielding), two inches from the bridge of Sherlock's nose. The drugs in his system are the only things stopping him from flinching away.
“I –” There’s a pause during which John ducks his head and studiously starts counting coffee beans for the first time since the eavesdropping began, Sherlock clicks and unclicks the pen, and Lestrade frowns down at his case file like it’s something the cat dragged in.
“Shut up,” Sherlock murmured, not taking his eyes off the text he was sending Lestrade. He checked the time and frowned; their suspect should have arrived by now.
John tears his eyes away from the screen. “It’s that Hollywood movie they made of us a couple months ago. I have a moustache, apparently.”
With that he stalks out of Sherlock's sight and pulls a lever, and it's with mounting fear that the facts coalesce into a horrific picture in Sherlock's head. The stench of decay mixed with sterilization, the metal autopsy table he hadn't known he'd been lying on, and now, with the lever pulled, the roaring of what must be the cremation chamber behind him.
Their element of surprise lasts all of two seconds, which is enough time for Sherlock to knock Michaels to the ground and pin him, still struggling, the gun clattering uselessly to the side. John, however, is not quite so lucky. Supplier-Murderer guy quickly recovers, throwing out an elbow that catches John hard in the ribs and sends him to his knees. Reeling, John barely has time to catch his breath before he’s dealt another swift blow to the temple, and from the resounding
Sherlock isn't given much time to process these cutting words before John tugs Sherlock closer (his knees slot easily to bracket John's hips; he'll never look at this chair the same way again) and covers Sherlock's mouth with his own.
"Go to your mind palace," John says, and winces; he can feel the beginnings of a headache coming along. "You're not going to your bloody mind palace. It was a good case, I know you gave it a 7, but -"
John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, the taste of blood metallic on his tongue as he reaches into his coat pocket and steels himself to do the second most colossally stupid thing he’s done tonight, praying his attacker’s distracted enough that this will work.
“Hi, welcome to Stamford’s Coffeehouse,” he vaguely hears Molly say to the customers, “How can I help?”
“Enough,” Sherlock says. The hand grasping his mug is shaking so badly it’s a wonder he hasn’t dropped it yet. “John,
John’s eyes are red-rimmed and his voice is strained. “You utter berk,” he says with feeling. “Got me scared for a moment there.”
?” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. His faced was flushed; surely Mycroft could see it. “It won’t happen again.”
“Yeah, we got divorced a ways before Christmas, after the whole – um,” John mimes (rather poorly) cocking a gun and firing at Sherlock. “Oh, also because Mary’s had an affair – the baby’s not mine, either.”
A delicious shudder runs down John’s spine at hearing Holmes and Watson address each other with their Christian names. It feels decidedly more intimate than even the kiss their Victorian counterparts shared; this simple act of calling someone by their name.
"I wasn't sending him to his death, Doctor Watson," his brother replies easily, setting the cup back in its saucer and steepling his fingers in front of his lips. "It was a mission to Eastern Europe that he may or may not have returned from, depending on his own skills of preservatio-"
Sherlock raises his head, his red-rimmed eyes focussing unsteadily on Mycroft. “He prom – promised, Mycroft. He said he’d never leave, and now he’s - just
, and maybe it doesn’t matter that it took them this long to get to this point, that it took a Hollywood film about their gay Victorian selves to galvanize them into action.
“Meant what?” John asks carefully. One of his hands still rests on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock imagines the warmth from his hand seeping through his suit jacket, branding him so that wherever he goes, John does, too.
John feels a dull flush creeping up the back of his neck. He wishes more than anything that he wasn’t clutching half a poppy-seed bagel in his hands while they had this conversation. “Um, yeah. I didn’t mean to – to pry. I was just worried –”
Mycroft, in his typically annoying fashion, has Sherlock hand over the List. Mycroft passes it to John and Sherlock watches as John’s eyes widen in horror.
“Goodbye, John,” Sherlock murmurs, thinking of the List in his pocket, of the devastation on John’s face when he hears the news. “I’m sorry.”
The egg rolls are marvellous, or so John says, because Sherlock spends most of the meal pretending to pick at his food, devoting the whole of his focus on what John is saying and/or doing instead.
Mycroft doesn't get much further before John's fisted a hand in the collar of his shirt and hauled him to his feet. The tea wobbles in its saucer, perched precariously on the armrest, so Sherlock quickly liberates it and places it on the coffee table.
"Not long enough," Sherlock snaps, tugging the silk sleeve down so the patches are hidden. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to -"
Sherlock steels himself, tries to ignore how fast his heart is beating, how hard his hands are trembling. (He wants to tell John, wants to grab John by the shoulders and tell him what he’s done, tell him this is
Last Christmas was one of the best (and worst) experiences of Sherlock’s entire life, which was saying something.
Holmes wakes to find himself lying on his side on the floor of their sitting room, the discarded syringe not far from his hand. There’s a brief flicker of emotion over Holmes’ face, a barely-there touch of grief for the not-kiss that occurred by the side of the Reichenbach Falls. He quickly schools his face into indifference, the sudden change of expression as jarring as if he’d slipped a mask on.
he could write sonnets about the curve of John's lips, the seamlessness with which they mold against his own.
“You’re all idiots, the lot of you!” Sherlock snaps, leaping to his feet with a typically dramatic flare of his coat behind him.
“I’m sorry?” John says, glancing at Sherlock, then back at Anderson and Donovan. He feels like there’s something he’s missing here. “What’s this about Sherlock?”
“Okay, okay, fine,” John says, sensing this to be an argument he can’t win as he takes the phone. The screen displays a blank message to an unsaved contact.
The idling engine roars to life and the jet begins taxiing down the runway. Sherlock looks out the window, unable to help himself. John and Mary are standing together, their arms linked. Mycroft stands a little ways apart from them. His hand is raised in farewell.
"Sherlock," John says steadily, his eyes an impossibly vivid cerulean. This close, Sherlock can feel the staccato beat of John's heart against his ribcage more than clearly enough. "For once in your goddamn life, shut up."
There it was. Sherlock fought the urge to roll his eyes. (John didn’t like it when he rolled his eyes.)
"Now, where were we?" Smith murmurs, picking up the switchblade and flipping it, over and over again, until it's a blur of silver in the harsh fluorescent lighting. "Oh, yes." He catches the blade and slides it (gently almost) over Sherlock's cheek.
They pass the next few minutes in silence, Sherlock walking with purpose along the riverbank, stopping every now and then to check his phone. As Sherlock pulls out his phone for what must be the fifth or sixth check, he stops dead in his tracks and John, having spent the last few hundred feet thinking about how cold his feet are becoming, collides bodily with him.
“Any new cases on the website?” John asked this morning, bending slightly in order to read the laptop screen over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John lets loose a somewhat hysterical laugh. He wipes tears from his eyes with the back of his hand. “If by
She was gone before Sherlock could think to thank her, across the room and engrossed in a discussion with Mrs. Hudson about cats. He took a sip of the tea (semi-skimmed milk and with a ridiculous amount of sugar, just how he liked it), and wondered how it was possible to feel like he was losing John when in fact he’d already lost him two years ago, standing atop St. Bart’s with a phone in his hand and John’s heart in his mouth.
The jar almost slips from John’s hand. He sets it gingerly back down in the display window, and acts nonchalant. He folds his arms, rolls his shoulders back. “Who?”
“When I said it’s unlikely we’ll ever see each other again,” Sherlock clarifies. “I meant it – I thought that was the last time you’d ever see me alive.”
Holmes and Watson visit the morgue to investigate the apparent murder committed by the ghost of a bride, and Sherlock almost falls off the sofa laughing when he sees Hooper in all ‘his’ resplendent Victorian glory.
, John thinks. He tugs the collar of his shirt down, and watches with grim satisfaction as Sherlock's eyes go straight to the bruises purpling his throat, courtesy of their sculpture-burgling murderer.
The film is surprisingly good in its own right, and before long John finds himself getting caught up in the thrill of the chase, as Holmes and Watson hear Lady Carmichael’s story and head to Sir Eustace’s to make plans for the stakeout that night.
From his vantage point behind the grinder, John watches as Sherlock rips open a sugar packet and dumps the whole thing unceremoniously in. Lestrade’s brow is furrowed as he circles something on the file and spins it round so Sherlock can see it. “How do you explain that then?”
He almost fails and gets Sarah impaled, but John (wonderful, brave, loyal to a fault John) saves her.
It was possibly the best Christmas (not counting ‘four suicides and a note!’) that Sherlock had had.
He was about to leave when he noticed the tab that Sherlock had hurriedly minimized on his browser when John came in. Glancing towards the still-empty doorway, John hurriedly clicked into it. His eyes were immediately assaulted with pastel fonts and an overly hipster blog layout. But that wasn’t what caught John’s eye. What did was the blog’s title, done in a cursive, loopy font that John had no desire to see ever again in his lifetime:
“Morning, John,” Molly says, smiling at him from behind the counter. She’s in the process of pouring a rosetta onto a cappuccino; a loose strand of hair escapes her ponytail and tickles her nose, and she sneezes softly.
"Good," Sherlock says, too fast, though from the relaxed slump of John's shoulders he can tell the sentiment's mutual. He frowns, as a thought occurs to him. "She shot Smith?"
that makes him taste concrete and see stars, he acknowledges vaguely that he’s just been hit with the barrel of the gun.
John pulls back far too soon, practically wrenching his lips away, and Sherlock blinks, hope and disappointment warring for dominance in his heart.
She potters around, placing the teapot and biscuit tray on the kitchen table, and heads for the door, though not before she gives Sherlock a rather conspiratorial wink.
John was looking at him expectantly, and this was the part where Sherlock was meant to say something, to console.
,” Holmes murmurs as, striding across the few short feet that separate them, he takes Watson’s face in his hands and kisses him, heedless of the water sluicing down on them from above, or of the criminal mastermind kneeling on the cliff edge mere feet away from them.
Sherlock barely spares the circled fact a glance before snorting so derisively John half-expects Lestrade to concede the point, if only to avoid hearing such contempt directed at him ever again. Evidently Lestrade is a stronger man than John has previously given him credit for, however, because he holds his ground, merely raises his eyebrows and waits as Sherlock tears open the second sugar packet, stirs its contents in, before finally deigning to give Lestrade a straight answer. (For two people who insist they’re in a hurry, they certainly have a lot of time to spare for Sherlock’s theatrics. John wonders if, when Lestrade made that
Just then a speedboat slows to a halt by the pier, its engine puttering off. As they watch, a man disembarks and makes his way up the stairs to the dock, an evidently heavy sack slung over his shoulder. He reaches Michaels and the two shake hands, conversing in low voices that are impossible to catch over the wind and the sounds of water slapping gently against the pier.
come alone since his very first americano at their café four months, two weeks and three days ago and because b) both John and Molly are rather invested in their regular’s romantic life. (For different reasons entirely, or so John would argue at any given opportunity.)
Thankfully, they’re saved from further embarrassment when the ghost makes an appearance and everything goes to hell for Holmes and Watson. The night turns out to be one of Holmes’ rare failures, ending with Sir Eustace’s death and the spectre’s escape. John finds himself struck by the guilt writ all over Holmes’ face, as he gazes in horror at Sir Eustace’s body. (He wonders if that’s what he looked like, kneeling on blood-stained concrete outside St. Bart’s and desperately feeling for a pulse in Sherlock’s neck.)
The back of John’s hand brushes his own and (maybe it’s a coincidence, maybe not) but everything crystallizes, culminates in a single moment of revelation – “The vents!” Sherlock cries, breathless with exhilaration. “John, you’re a marvel!”
“Sherlock – what –” John snaps, leaning over to find the bomb switched off and the countdown rendered useless. “You twat,” he says with feeling, turning to face Sherlock with murder in his eye. “You utter –
Molly covers her mouth with one hand, eyes crinkling – in concern? With laughter? John decides he doesn’t want to know. Molly lowers her hand. “He’ll be back, John. I know he will.”
They reach the dock at the same time, and as if by some unspoken consent that passes between them, Sherlock tackles Michaels from the side whilst John lunges at the Supplier-Murderer, as he’s now known in John’s head.
The cab stops abruptly, and in seconds they find themselves shivering, bracing against strong, sharp gusts of wind cutting across the Thames.
“Embankment,” Sherlock says to the cabbie, then leans back in his seat and crosses his legs, seeming perfectly content to sit in silence as Marylebone passes them by.
"That's not -" John says, voice cracking. He licks his lips and tries again, "That's not true. All I needed was a word, Sherlock. Just
The meeting on St. Bart’s roof is confirmed, the necessary arrangements with Mycroft made, and when Moriarty shoots himself in the head Sherlock knows what he has to do.
Sherlock, the git, has the nerve to arch an eyebrow at him in amusement. John is equal parts torn between wanting him to shut up and wanting to
"I do try," Smith says, lip curling as he wipes the blade on the sleeve of Sherlock's suit jacket (G&B and yes, he's definitely switching to Armani after this). Then, so quietly he might have missed it otherwise - "Beppo killed himself, two months into his sentence."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’re just –” He blinked; there was a light on in the dinghy and by its glow he could make out two figures on the embankment heading their way.
John cleared his throat, amusement evident in his expression. “You might want to change first, you know. It’s about 2 degrees out there.”
He’s just about done with the rosetta on the latte when a pointed exclamation of “Disgusting!” followed by the telltale
Sherlock and John both surfaced for air. “Mycroft would get us out,” they said, in near-perfect synchronicity.
“The bomb!” John exclaims, startled and wide-eyed, and Sherlock laughs hysterically, the relief that John’s not already regretting the kiss making him giddy, light-headed. (It feels oddly like a high, except much more potent and much less damaging. Also not illegal.)
He talks, because talking is what he does best, and when rhetoric fails in the face of the Black Lotus Tong, he throws caution to the wind and darts out from the cover of darkness to free Sarah. (Because s
He takes a deep breath, looking into John’s eyes.  “Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again,” he says, each word leaving his throat scraped raw, his heart ache, “I might as well say it now.”
“John!” Sherlock shouts from the foyer, somehow throwing on an overcoat and looping a scarf around his neck at the same time. “Do come along, we’ve a schedule to keep!”
“Just get it to him,” John mutters, opening the gate and pushing Molly lightly into the café proper, “I’ll do the latte.”
“Keep it,” he said, when John tried to hand it back to him three hours later, back in the comfort of their flat. (The stakeout had been a complete failure.)They were both shivering from the cold, John’s nose was red and Sherlock was feeling the loss of scarf around his neck very keenly.
John relents, turning back to the screen to see Moriarty about to push Sherlock off the cliff’s edge, into the yawning abyss of the falls. “
to glance up. Otherwise he'd be stuck conversing with the dip between the pale collarbones jutting out from the vee of Sherlock's worn pajama top.)
Sherlock’s brain, while usually operating at a much higher (or so he likes to think) speed than a normal person’s, stutters to a halt, leaving him incapable of processing much information beyond a single phrase, repeating itself over and over until it spills from his mouth.
He presses ‘END CALL’ before he can say anything that will give himself away, spreads his arms and lets himself fall.
you mean bloody destroying it. Seriously, Sherlock, you might as well tell me next time you’re planning on doing something so dramatic. I’d join you, you know. ‘Detective and blogger plummet to death in mysterious joint-suicide.’ That’ll be the headlines the next day.”
He reached out and laid a hand on John’s shoulder. Then, when John appeared no more forthcoming, asked, “Tea?”
“I do care for you, a lot more than you seem to think,” John starts, licking his lips. (Sherlock’s gaze flicks down towards it. He wonders if this is a deliberate tactic, if John’s planning an ambush whilst he distracts Sherlock with his tongue.) “And, um. Mary and I weren’t sure how to tell you this, but – uh. We’re not exactly – married, anymore.”
Sherlock glances at it, unimpressed. "I'll have to decline, I'm afraid. Your drugs are still doing a rather wonderful job at the moment."
Watson continues probing Holmes with questions about Lady Carmichael, until at length Holmes says waspishly, “
He very carefully avoids looking at Mycroft as he says so, aware of the noticeable tell in his hammering pulse, in the hands clasped in his lap that can’t seem to stop trembling. Thankfully Mycroft keeps his mouth shut and quietly exits the room, leaving him alone with John.
"I -" Sherlock says, sitting up straighter, pale eyes darting up to meet John's and then skittering away almost at once.
John steps back and they both watch as the man crumples to the ground like a puppet with cut strings.
describe me, John?” he says, regaining his composure, because John isn’t safe yet, not by a long shot, “Resourceful? Dynamic? Enigmatic?”
“Fanks,” John said again, his voice now muffled by the woollen material. Sherlock watched as he pulled it higher to cover his nose.
Sherlock peers around the doorway of their kitchen. He’s pushed his goggles up and there’s a smear of ash high on his cheek. “What?”
Watson!” Sherlock snaps, abandoning all dignity as he scrambles gracelessly off the bed and advances towards John. He backs up until he hits the nearest wall.
“Do you have –” Sherlock starts, and cuts himself off when he sees that John’s already reached behind the counter and secured sugar packets, which he places before him. Sherlock blinks, eyes wide and expression unreadable. “Oh.”
Sherlock frowns at John’s poorly stifled laughter, swiping a tongue experimentally at his lip until the foam’s gone. “No,” he finally says, once he’s de-stached, “Not a bad day at work. Guess I just really needed y– needed the caffeine.”
“You –” John breaks away to rest his forehead against Sherlock’s, both of them flushed and out of breath, “You’re the most
- both been thinking of filing for divorce. We just haven't gotten round to that yet, what with the baby and all."
"Yeah." John takes a deep, shuddering breath. "Goodness knows why she did that. She's in custody with the police, now."
“To save me from te-ears,” Molly continues, oblivious to John’s pain as she scrubs energetically at a syrup stain on the counter, “I’ll give it to someone spesh-shalll.”
Sherlock turns up his coat collar and John shoves his hands deep into his jacket pockets, hurrying to keep up with the other’s long strides as Sherlock makes a beeline for the pier.
“It might be worth having the morgue do an autopsy,” John remarks. He gestures to the prone figure’s neck. “There’re clear signs of asphyxiation; you only get bruises like those when you’re struggling against someone exerting pressure on your neck.”
," Sherlock groans, "And Donovan. Happy? Why don't I just apologize to the whole bloody Yard while I'm at it? Make an announcement on the PA system?"
“Nngh,” Sherlock says intelligibly from beside him. John chances a glance; Sherlock’s ears are burning red as he hurriedly raises the mug to his lips and drains it.
Sherlock looks at John, at his unassuming form and out-of-place moustache, and remembers him sending Moriarty over the edge mere minutes ago.
he thinks, as he sets the cup gingerly back down onto the table’s scratched wooden surface, “I shouldn’t have – it’s really no trouble at all if I just –”
His hands are trembling where they're loosely clasped in his lap, and it could just be the nicotine talking but John really,
John sniffs. "And to Donovan, if you don't mind. She spent half the day on the wrong side of London on that wild goose chase you sent her."
,” Anderson says, his gaze flickering between John and Sherlock, still on the other side of the room and completely absorbed in his deductions.
“Why,” Sherlock narrows his eyes at John, glances down at the candle suspiciously. “Why are you doing this? John, I swear to God, if this is out of pity I will –”
“I think it could work,” Sherlock says gamely. He unclasps his hands, and hopes John doesn’t notice the minute tremours as he extends his right hand to John.
John scrambles to the remote, switches the telly off and plunges the flat into silence. For a long while, they sit there, neither of them saying a word.
He turns, and there’s John, standing not three feet behind him, sporting that ridiculous moustache and 19
On-screen, things take an unexpected turn when Holmes finds the note attached to Sir Eustace’s body (“Miss me?”) and Moriarty’s involvement in the affair is made evident. John watches as Holmes’ confidence steadily deteriorates on the journey back to their rooms, watches as the first thing he does upon entering the flat is make a beeline for a chest of drawers, watches in dawning horror as Holmes turns to reveal a syringe and case in his hands.
“Not until you say it,” she says, eyes twinkling as John lunges and she steps out of reach yet again, taunting him with the card.
“How many pairs of handcuffs do we have lying around the flat, hm?” John continues, voice pitched low with intent, “Maybe we should put them to good use sometime. You’d like that, wouldn’t you, Sherlock?”
