So, Sherlock still thought the relationship was a fake. John hadn’t made any progress at all. And Sherlock was using them cuddling as evidence. Maybe he hadn’t enjoyed it after all.
“So?”
“You want to do this again? Bend me over the kitchen table? Spread my legs? Make me beg for your huge cock before ramming into me and fucking me so hard the table eventually hits the wall?”
“Hm?” Sherlock came out of his thoughts to look at John. His face was hidden in shadow. Sherlock caught glimpses of his expression every time a car drove past.
John threw his head back and groaned.
James wrestled him; hot, hard muscles slid, slick with sweat, against Sherlock’s wiry frame, until James had him pinned down, back against the cot.
(See the end of the chapter for
for the beta <3
He knew he’d made the right decision when John came back, scarf in hand. John stopped, staring with his mouth open.
John nodded and took a sip of his drink.
“Ah! Yeah! Fuck! Me! Yes! Sher! Lock!” John punctuated each thrust with a shout.
As always, thanks to
After a minute of this John tried to thrust but all that earned him was the hand disappearing.
Excited, smug and a little scared.
“No!” Then John stopped to think. Actually, it had been very good. Just surprising was all. “No, I just wasn’t expecting that.”
At a loss for what else to do Sherlock masturbated. John could be very stubborn, especially when it came to Sherlock’s health. And being wound up like this was detrimental to case solving.
John ran the feathers over the right side of Sherlock’s ribcage and down tracing patterns into Sherlock’s sides. Sherlock clenched his abs willing his transport to ignore the input, to not flinch away, to endure. John moved the feathers up into Sherlock’s armpit and Sherlock shouted a laugh. Sherlock’s legs tense and John watched his toes curl.
Sherlock liked where this was going. They wouldn’t be disturbed, it was Christmas.
John snorted, the poof of air cold against Sherlock’s sweaty skin.
It was amazing.
The dildo was hard unforgiving plastic. Smooth and slightly curved at the tip. He twisted his arm.
John had bought this.
John looked a bit taken aback but followed anyway.
Sherlock groaned and stuck his tongue out, licking the lube from around the plug.
Penetrative Sex
He turned to John to hand it back and paused at the expression on John’s face.
John suddenly felt awkward. Considering some of the kinky things Sherlock had searched on John’s laptop and left in his browser history it didn’t seem like something Sherlock would be opposed to. But Sherlock was giving John an odd look.
"No other survivors, Doctor. Where are you?" O'Murtagh sounded out of breath.
John was apparently waiting for a response so Sherlock nodded.
Laying there, with John, with a boner.
Sherlock spun around the room and took a seat in one of the armchairs. John decided on the couch. He couldn’t decide if he was disappointed Sherlock hadn’t selected the couch so they could sit together or if he was glad Sherlock had given him space.
Don't worry about the advent fic messing with this schedule. I have the next four chapters written so if I get behind it's not a huge deal. Me forgetting to post on Wednesday, however, is a huge risk. lol
“Sherlock! Sherlock!”
, his brother was
I put on my most genuine smile. It still manages to fool her even after we all let our façades fall.
of them. So, at the end of the day, all he wants is to retreat into the privacy of his living quarters and tinker with his violin or sink into his armchair in front of the fireplace and think. Oddly enough, and despite the fact that others rarely come in here, there are two mismatched armchairs by the hearth, facing each other: Sherlock prefers the modern, leather one; the second chair, a wingback upholstered with red damask fabric, gapes empty, as if waiting for the right person to finally sit on it. More often than not, it is Mycroft who ensconces himself in that armchair, looking out of place and sharing opinions Sherlock promptly ignores.
“She came in through the balcony door while I was in the shower, no doubt taking advantage of my
“Mycroft,” Sherlock says, softly, settling himself next to Mycroft on the sofa. “Tell me. Please.”
To the outside observer, nothing is amiss with Sherlock. Dressed in white shirt and well-fitting trousers, he looks as polished and professional as ever, perhaps a touch on the casual side, what with the rolled-up sleeves.
“Sherlock—”
Greg intervenes, “He prefers to retreat to his living quarters in the back of the house; it’s quieter there.”
“That would explain why you haven’t start greying.”
If he is honest with himself, this change did not arrive suddenly. It had arrived with Sherlock’s return from the dead — after the shock had given way to incredulity, then to resignation (or acceptance that stuff like this only happens when Sherlock Holmes in involved in the story). Sherlock is now invited back to crime scenes, and is back to his former self: acerbic, incisive, brilliant. Maybe a bit softer around the edges, but essentially still very much Sherlock.
Sherlock frowns. “What the hell, John?”
Molly returns to her seat. “Yeah, it was Bill. He’s going back with the police to his place, there’ll be a bomb squad later too. It’s just…so crazy.” She lets out a weary sigh.
? Does Sherlock know about this?”
John freezes for a moment. “I got shot,” he quietly replies.
John smirks at him, mischief playing in his eyes. “Oh, I don’t know. I think it could.”
“You can set the table.” Sherlock grabs a handful of coarsely chopped basil leaves and throws them into the tomato sauce, giving it a good stir. He watches as the water for the pasta boils, uses this as an excuse to keep his back turned to John and his irritatingly familiar sounds of pulling cutlery out of a drawer, clinking plates on the wooden table, opening the fridge – probably to search for something to drink.
He snatches his mobile from a pocket, but instead of opening some noise-producing app, he finds himself scrolling through his contacts. His heart thumps in his chest, the dull pain from an old bullet wound making itself known.
What right does John have to interrupt this private moment between two consenting adults? This Brook guy is for sure unarmed and is smaller and very likely weaker than Sherlock, who John learned is well-trained in self-defence. Yes, there is something…unsettling about the man, the glimmer in his dark eyes, the vague falsehood in his smile, the possessive hand on Sherlock’s body, and the fact he keeps company with the likes of Morstan.
“I’m not coming in,” John starts.
“Come now, John,” Mycroft says as he steps into John’s personal space. “First you engage in some sort of a liaison, then you seem to hate each other’s guts and now you are making eyes at each other again. Might I expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” His delivery is derisive even if he’s aiming for humour.
Our theatre is up. She knows about our plans to destroy her, send her to prison or worse. And I cannot blame John. I am sure the same unguarded affection shows on my features whenever we meet. And Mary, clever Mary, she picked up on it.
Sherlock smiles back. “I know you do.”
As the party counts down to midnight, Sherlock takes a deep breath and loses himself in the crowd.
“Perhaps you should also go. I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock feels himself blush. Maybe he’s ready to do something different.
. Sherlock continues, “I didn’t open it.”
“Sherlock, you know I’m not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion. You see, but you do not observe.”
and Sherlock had nodded even knowing he would never set foot back in 221B, ever again. He’d felt bad for leaving her all by herself, despite her assurances on her having Mrs Taylor and Mr Chatterjee (they’re on friendly terms again despite that thing about him having
John walks to stand next to Sherlock and sticks his own head out of the window.
“It’s not.” Sherlock aims for venom, but he sounds exhausted instead. His shoulders drop, all fight in him gone in an exhale. “They were just… my underpants. Didn’t want to keep them any longer.” The last words are mumbled towards the floor as he avoids John’s gaze.
He’s lucid enough to know where he is, and what happened. Clueing for looks. Got arrested. A prison cell. On his stag night. Great. Not.
“You’re right, I don’t know what you are feeling. I do know that I, well. I made a mess of things. Before. I keep on disappointing and failing you.”
“Oh? How?”
“I’ll make do,” John replies, breaking into a light jog with an inviting nod to Sherlock to follow him along the path. Sherlock looks pleased and follows without another word.
John jumped into action. He swept the toys from the surface of the stretcher with his arm and into the suitcase, and snapped it shut. He stood up again and looked decidedly at Sherlock. Damn it, there was a reason why he was known as ‘Three Continents Watson’ and he was certainly no coward:
He looks so small and lost, John’s heart breaks all over again. “If you are sure the stone has not passed, I also don’t see a reason to do another scan. We know from the last one that the calculus was lodged very near the ureterovesical junction. A very short way from the bladder. When the stone moves to the bladder, it will then go onwards to the urethra. This will also cause pain, I’m afraid,” John smiles a sympathetic smile, “but things usually progress fast after that.”
He realises he hasn’t answered John. “Hm. Hungry. But no appetite.” He grimaces again, the pain more insistent now. John notices this and strides quickly to his side, slides a gentle arm around his waist, helps him getting up from the sofa.
“Perhaps it’s time we start doing so.”
place to eat lunch, and hopes the weather gods will smile on them.
He is shouting a lot, though. Oh, John is shouting
John twirls the small wooden case in his hands. Around him, Hyde Park blooms into an early Spring; there is a calm emanating from the Serpentine, pushing away the distant traffic noise; the odd squirrel hops over a path, the bleak sun peeks through wispy clouds. He sits on an old bench that sighs every time he fidgets.
allowed to break down too?
John nods, meeting his eyes again in the mirror. “Yeah, but I think Molly lost them.”
Victor intercedes before John has the chance to say anything.
“It wasn’t like she was a client and got killed under your protection, no?” Sherlock throws him a sarcastic look and takes a swig from his wine glass with a snort.
“Good evening, gentlemen, and gentlemen! The Mayan has a real treat for you tonight – please welcome the one and only…
They grin at each other, the space between them filling with warmth, the shared moment helping to tear down any remaining walls. John squeezes Sherlock's waist and feels an answering brush of fingertips against his neck. They dance through the rest of the song, inching closer together, and through another one and another one; surroundings blur away, the music cocooning their newfound closeness.
Is it this simple?
The situation becomes vivid and sharp in John’s head, as he continues to sit with an armful of Sherlock. If it had been as of late harder and harder to define their relationship, this moment makes crystal clear that “flatmates” and “friends” are horribly inaccurate definitions.
The house buzzes around them with the stream of power returning, as the fridge hums back to life and electronics charge up. The moment between them is awkwardly broken but not lost. They reluctantly release each other and, in noiseless agreement, go separate ways to sleep.
Pity.
That’s it. There’s limits for everything. Sherlock twirls to escape the man’s grip and pushes his shoulder back, but in the process he loses his own balance, drops the microphone, and staggers back towards the edge of the stage. One step too many, as a foot meets not ground but emptiness and he’s stumbling onto the crowd. The place is so packed that he falls on the softness of human bodies, which eagerly reach for his own and move him along above their heads.
had forgot about our anniversary. But my John, he does not do this. Instead, he wraps me in his arms as if I am something precious and delicate (and why do I not get offended at this? Why do I adore and crave his gentleness?), and whispers, “I love you.”
, Mrs Hudson cheekily thinks. “Well, it’s very nice to have you for tea, inspector.”
He feels like a fish out of water, flayed open like this in public by a man he literally just met. Not even Greg had known this much about his life after MI5.
“Hmm, not as such, no.” Sherlock snatches the book from John’s hands. John is about protest but the prospect of going out with Sherlock is more appealing than the insipid novel he was trudging through.
Sherlock embraces him, gentle but firm, a hand cupping John’s head. Turning it gently so they face each other.
There is a desperate pain in Greg’s
It had been a busy day: between tweaking the choreography for his next music video and attending to all sorts of dull administrative matters that, for some unfathomable reason, could not be delegated to Mycroft, he hardly had had a moment to breathe. Add Greg’s constant nagging about how his security should be reinforced and the buzz from the recent Grammy nominations, Sherlock is as good as overwhelmed with the world’s input on how he should shape his career and live his life. And the sheer amount of
John can’t blame him. He wonders where exactly things went wrong. At the same time, he knows the blame is to be put on a system with overworked personnel, understaffed facilities, budget problems. An otherwise healthy young adult with an uncomplicated renal calculus is not going to be ranked important when there are cancer patients having their potentially life-saving surgeries cancelled or postponed. Sherlock’s history with substance abuse will always make caretakers ill at ease with pain management, even if that attitude is unfair and unjustified.
“My brother can be very intransigent, and he’s always been so resentful. But his loss would break my heart, John. I appreciate your continued presence in this house in the professional role you were hired to fill.”
“Was not,” John protests feebly. They are very close. When did they get so close?
“I am glad we had this little chat.” She smiles falsely, not even trying to look sincere. “Just get it out of your systems and let me have my married life in peace and quiet.” She strides to the door but halts at the threshold and turns back to face me. “And, Sherlock?”
There is an awkward short interlude where neither of them knows how to react to this. John’s unhelpful mind decides to quickly think
Which is why the letter on the kitchen table now mocks him with a return address from John H. Watson.
“What on earth made you think I wanted to purchase
Which is why Greg is so very attuned to any changes in Sally’s mood. What he senses today, though, has him worried. Sally is
Accepting that this was the extent of the conversation for the evening, John got up from the sofa, lifted the plates and took them to the sink. The washing-up would wait until the next day.
. He’s aware there’s something Brook isn’t telling him but Sherlock hopes to gather more intelligence from the mysterious man. Richard has introduced himself as an independent artist from Belfast but Sherlock has never heard his name before – meaning he’s either
, when instead of sleeping, you’re asking for a flash drive!”
“Can you believe it actually worked?” John asks between two forkfuls of stir-fried beef. “The whole riding a rollercoaster to get rid of the calculus, I mean.”
– drawing out a moan of arousal from John. John sits up and straddles Sherlock; Sherlock is momentarily bereft of that grounding weight on his torso, but then John grinds himself
As John reaches for a pair of tongs to lift a corner of the paper, a loud buzzing coming from the box cuts through the air and makes him drop the tongs and toss the package into the sand box. He drops behind the counter for protection, heart in his mouth, expecting a bang of an explosion but all that happens is that the buzzing eventually stops after a few seconds.
He who repressed emotions to enhance his intellectual skills but was overwhelmed by his love to one certain army doctor.
John looked down at the assortment of products on the slab. He had brought some of his finest: realistic dildos with well-defined veins, remote-controlled vibrators, rabbit vibrators with g-spot stimulation, a brand-new model of clit stimulator controlled by a downloadable app for both Android and iPhone. He held a very purple dildo in his left hand and looked up again. “Um, well. Yes. These are dildos and vibrators. But I do have other products with me, er, anal plugs and beads, nipple massagers–”
“I– it matters, John.” Sherlock pauses, worrying his lower lip between his teeth. “Thank you for telling me.”
“I’m not the one fucking half of the hotel,” John replies, nasty and bitter.
“Why!” John’s frustrated cry shakes Sherlock to his core. “Why should I forgive her! She saw me mourning your death, Sherlock! She knew what it would do to me to watch you bleed to death!
An unassuming short man, silver hair and striped jumper. A scarlet red backpack. Looking uninterested around him. Until he locks eyes with Sherlock.
John decides he is tired, so very tired of this inner hate and cowardice, this knot of permanent anxiety and distrust that rusts his soul away. Tired of unhappiness, tired of holding back. Tired of the inner voice telling him it’s wrong and dangerous and ‘I’m not gay’.
John walks to Sherlock’s bedroom, knocks on the door. No reply.
“Ah, just,” Sherlock clears his throat, “uh-hum, just wondering why we didn’t bring champagne with us.”
“My dear John,” he continues, mirth in his tone, “always so protective of me.” He takes a moment to mull over his next words. “It was all perfect when it was fresh and new and there were no difficulties. But as life happened, we started sliding along each other as tectonic plates. The geological metaphor is apt: one could say this resulted in an earthquake. We just… we just missed each other, and the moment was gone.” Sherlock lowers his gaze to his own lap and adds in a whisper, “I thought the moment, the perfect conjunction of having someone in my life that fits me would never come back.”
He almost accepts a bullet in his head instead of complying with Moriarty’s ‘request’ to wear the vest; but it’s no choice at all anyway, as like this he at least has a chance to somehow warn Sherlock, make him run for his life, bid his time. He has to hope they can manage out of this situation, or that at least Sherlock can.
Sherlock sets his glass on the side table, slumps into his armchair, and lowers his gaze to the floor between them. He looks small and defeated. “After all this time, I feel you don’t know me at all.”
– his attention had not been on his older brother, who was dedicated to helping Sherlock on his way to stardom.
it. But it is all so unspoken.
There’s no humour left, though.
overeating of biscuits
“Don’t. You. Dare.”
It had been a bloody mess, quite literally. A surprisingly armed suspect, a gunshot, a bullet grazing John’s thigh and ruining his second-best pair of jeans. Sherlock completely losing it, tackling the culprit to the ground; the man had escaped his ire with only a concussion and a black eye thanks to the prompt arrival of Scotland Yard’s finest.
,’” he mocks. “You think you are protecting me.”
Mycroft gives him an enigmatic smile. “You make it sound like it’s a minor job, John. I keep him out of trouble, or try to at least.” Mycroft looks down at his carefully-manicured nails and delivers the rest of his thoughts with a softer tone, “Sometimes I keep the troubles out of him, so to speak.” He flicks his eyes up to John’s but in this movement, John detects an almost imperceptible pause.
Better not to think about that. Ignorance can be bliss, after all. Best to concentrate on the mechanics.
John’s hand still hurts from the effort of holding the pen steady while writing the letter to Sherlock. The tremor in his left hand is back, worsened by the drink. He knows that.
“Yes.”
“I’m an adult, John, I don’t need you to hold my hand.”
Sherlock tears his gaze from John’s dealings with his honey and continues to say nothing.
“I’m. I’m glad I’m here too, Sherlock,” John stutters as Sherlock widens his eyes and softens his features.
But there was something more behind John’s apparent cool demeanour, something Sherlock read in John’s stormy grey eyes. A contained anger, a simmering temper, something wild and dangerous kept in a cage but ready to be unleashed at a moment’s notice. A disquiet.
, and John is baffled. “Sherlock, what happened? How did it go?”
“Please, come in. Thank you for coming here, I know this is not a very standard meeting place for this sort of things.”
“Where are
John can’t help but to chuckle at this. “Will that be all?”, he asks, amused.
“—confirming that the soil in the warehouse is, indeed, a mix of two different types of dirt packed onto each other in different years. Now, the top layer can’t be too thick to allow this extent of mixing, which means that its function was mostly to even out the worn-out ground. Had the owner or owners of the place been less cheap, they could have just cemented the whole floor, but that would take extra in maintenance costs as some sort of heating would have to be in place, so the ground would not crack on colder winters. This is probably not happening often in our climate, but still, it could cost more in the long run. But this is unimportant, as the real question is, where did the second layer of dirt come from? The answer to this question can be gleaned from a careful analysis of the pollen contents, the ratio of different mineral components and the percentage of organic matter in said dirt. Mind you, all three factors have to be taken into account, as pollen profiles do not vary significantly throughout the Greater London area, the mineral components might differ, yes, but they can be the same in different parts of London, and the organic matter, while being the most accurate parameter to identify a unique place, is difficult to separate into all of its components, which can be up to several hundreds depending on the—”
Mycroft brightens. “Oh! Which means he has made a mistake.”
To open the letter is to give veracity to its contents. To shape them into a concrete weapon.
Her empathy wins.
,’ he had said. John asks himself if there might be a grain of truth in this accusation. It hits him that Sherlock’s caustic temperament, including his constant antagonism to the new security measures, might be a shield. He needs to have some control over his life.
Standing in John’s doorway, Greg Lestrade gives him a sunny smile. He looks good, John thinks; it’s been many years since they clapped eyes on each other. Greg’s kind brown eyes are decorated with crow’s feet and his hair has turned silvery. It gives him a look of distinction, and suits him well.
John hears Sherlock mutter
“Is that a fact.” Sherlock’s fury gives way to ice, words gliding glacier-like, smooth and heavy.
“I’m right here in front of you, Sherlock!” John tries to sound exasperated, but the fact is he is pleased Sherlock is out of his reverie. He loves evenings like these, where they can both get down from the high of solving a tough case with quiet moments and small talk. And so, John’s exasperation ends up sounding much like fondness.
How did this walking paradox of a man insinuate into his heart? Oh, Sherlock knows he is considered an attractive man: magazines have written kilometres of drivel about his good looks; men and women undress him with hungry eyes when he’s on stage, or out and about. But something about the way John is holding him speaks less of possession and more of reverence.
They sit on opposite armchairs in the sitting room a few minutes later, cups of tea in hand and a plate of biscuits between them. Yet another pair of furniture arranged for two instead of one, for some unfathomable reason. Sherlock dwells not on this. Instead, he observes John as he blows gentle ripples across the surface of his Earl Grey and takes tentative sips, testing the temperature. A towel thrown over his shoulders, to absorb the worst of the rain. He watches as John licks his lower lip nervously and glances up at Sherlock with a mix of apprehension and hope. He waits as John seems to be about to say something, then regret it.
“Is that all that it is to you? A job?”
“SHERLOCK!”
He is aware that he’s been silent for a beat too long, but John should be used to him getting lost in his head and not replying until he feels ready to do so. Only, Sherlock is anything but lost in his head right now. He is, instead, calculating a myriad of different variables to predict possible outcomes. There is something about the rain outside though that is distracting him, something…
at him, and without breaking eye contact, he gestures vaguely towards his brother. “Mycroft.” Mycroft sighs, rolls his eyes, and places a call, asking a ‘Mrs Hudson’ to bring in a glass of orange juice with ice to their guest.
Greg comes in, hot on Victor’s footsteps. They have both been discreetly summoned by Mrs Hudson after Sherlock had invaded her kitchen and demanded ingredients for a smoothie. And Sherlock never goes in the kitchen, ever. Greg seems worried – perhaps by John’s absence.
“John! Where are you going? We have a client; sit down.”
, many with Sherlock but not all. John studies the photos for a minute or two: there are pictures of their much younger versions on what are obviously different small stages, perhaps in schools or other similar venues. In some photos, they both stand behind microphones, mouths open in the same ‘ah’ or ‘oh’ singing shape; in others, Mycroft sits at a piano while Sherlock stands with a violin. The common feature to these old portraits is how balanced their presence on stage had been, none of them taking more space than the other. They looked carefree and happy, even, smiling at the audience, the photographer or even at each other. More recent photos tell a different tale, though, of hierarchy and distance, as Sherlock is more centre-staged, often under a bright spotlight, while shadows drown Mycroft in the background, dissolving him into a secondary plane behind the piano; more often than not, Mycroft wears sombre clothes while Sherlock sports garish, glittery garments.
“Yeah, true. Dr Afzal did mention she thought it was a kidney stone, right?”
“Hmmm, no.” Eyes riveted on the eyepieces, Sherlock adjusts the height of the stage until he’s satisfied.
His prayers are answered: the day of the trip (a weekday, to avoid big crowds and long lines) is the first sunny day after a long week of drizzle and greyness, and his spirits are high. Sherlock is less engaged in the whole affair. He shifts uncomfortable in the seat (John had insisted on driving) and looks bored through the window at the passing landscape. At the first sight of the island where the park is built, he scrunches his nose in distaste. Diverse rides shape a profile that rises above the tree line and cuts against the blue sky; the water surrounding the island shimmers with the morning sun. They drive through the car entrance and park the car near the bridge that connects mainland to the isle. As they step out, the air is filled with whooshing sounds of train cars in high speed and distant screams of terror and joy.
“I… no, I…” Eloquence slips away from Sherlock’s constricting throat. Hearing John and Rosie is helping, but enough of his anxiety must be seeping through.
. As she turns to leave, Ellie considers how perhaps things really are not quite as they seem on a surface reading. “We came across details about Ms Morstan’s false identity and her death at the hands of, erm, unknown agents while trying to close the Moran case.” She hesitates. On one hand, they deserve to know more, after all the events from last summer; on the other hand, she is a detective and there are details that should not transpire out of the case. Sherlock and John are, after all, not officially consulting for the Broadchurch police any longer.
Late-afternoon tea in his hand, Sherlock loses himself in his thoughts. The small back garden is quiet, the setting sun paints the lilac bushes in gold and old rose, and the buzzing of myriad insects quiets down. He wonders, not for the first time, why he has two chairs round the small mosaic-clad table – a wrought iron ensemble with swirly art nouveau patterns, bought second-hand in Worthing. Not antique, but obviously used and well-loved for many years.
. Like John is a fountain from which I must now drink only the essential to survive.
John senses Sherlock’s gaze on him. To his surprise, Sherlock is staring at him wide-eyed, mouth open in disbelief. “J-John?”
Mycroft understands that there is a point of no return for Sherlock and this is it. The point where Sherlock decides he will take his broken heart and disappear as a hero in the eyes of the one person he has ever loved, instead of fading away in a prison cell, locked with his own demons. It is not a sacrifice; it is liberation.
It has been years and thousands of miles away since they had last seen each other, back when he was Captain Watson and she was Colonel Morstan. There had been something like a casual
Sherlock does not want to rush this, and he sees the same determination in John’s expression. He wants to savour this moment, this man; he wants the warmth of John’s hands to penetrate layers of skin and connective tissue and muscle, down deep to his bones, to invade him, to conquer him.
“I suppose I could, but…” Sherlock trails off, looking unfocused at a distant point across the room.
He is suddenly exhausted, his energy depleted after his tirade, the long hours of Mycroft in surgery, the chaos of the last twenty-four hours, the last months, the last
Is ‘lover’ even the correct word? John is so much more than a warm body in his bed. John is his best friend, his steadfast companion, his sounding board, his conductor of light. Even now, the early morning rays of sun that peek between the curtains seem to find John, caress his skin, make it glow warm and golden and smooth.
I stand up, and then it hits me: a delicate perfume, floral, growing in intensity, spreading throughout the flat. Oh. Oh!
As they drive through Westminster, something catches John’s attention. A black Land Rover, not unlike the one he saw near Sherlock’s manor, switches lanes swiftly after Molly does the same; she learnt to do this at random times to check whether they’re being followed.
Mycroft smiles. There’s a hint of sadness, maybe even of longing, in his expression. John doesn’t usually get to see this softer side of Mycroft, and the reveal that he is artistically inclined makes John reassess the little he has learnt about the man in these few weeks.
What neither of them comments on is how critical the situation had become due to blood loss and them being so far away from the nearest hospital. The odds were against them but they beat the odds.
“Of course it’s about Sherlock, everything’s about Sherlock,” John spits out, but casts his eyes down to the black-and-white tiled floor, not quite able to face Mycroft.
Oookay, not what John was expecting. He tries to form some sort of sensical answer to this, but all that leaves his mouth is “Euurgh…?” John doesn’t know what to do with his hands, but Sherlock solves his conundrum by burying his head in the crook of John’s neck and sliding his arms behind John’s shoulders in a clumsy hug. John feels there is nothing more natural than to encircle Sherlock’s waist.
The day flows faster than either of them expected. John acquiesces to Sherlock’s request to start with a rollercoaster, the main objective of the day. Both men jump out of the ride giggling and flushed, Sherlock admitting it had been more fun than he had anticipated. From then on, it’s easier to convince Sherlock to go on another ride, and another – in fact the only ride John says no to consists of a vertical drop, and Sherlock does not insist on it.
“Then how did you –”
John jumps out of bed, picks his clothes from the floor and looks around. Shoes, shoes, where are his damned shoes?
.” Sherlock increases his stride towards the exit, forcing John into a semi-jog to keep up. He manages to hold Sherlock’s arm hard enough to halt him. Sherlock spins around his heel to glare at John. “Let me
Dreadfully boring, this
.” A more playful nip on his earlobe derailed Sherlock’s thoughts.
. For once, they had simply enjoyed a relaxing day in each other’s company. They had enjoyed each other’s company, simply put. Sherlock’s token objection at the whole endeavour had been quickly brushed aside and they just… had fun. Shared candy floss, stole food from each other’s plates, giggled after rides, strolled along the lakeside under the shade of blossoming trees…
John doesn’t let go of his arm until they reach the outdoors.
His client. John tenses as he becomes more alert and he turns to see Sherlock sleeping, an almost imperceptible snore on every exhale. His curls are a perfect riot, spread wild on John’s pillow, and he looks so relaxed, sharp features softened by sleep and the morning light. John smiles, memories of Sherlock’s loud gasps in the throes of orgasm contrasting with the present angelical silence.
He looks around distractedly. His blood-stained cuffs, soiled from his struggle to staunch the flow of blood from Mycroft’s bullet wound, clash with the sterile cleanliness. John’s rapid first-aid help, a blessedly functional car, and the mobile network miraculously coming back while they sped towards Glasgow made a rendez-vous with an air ambulance possible. Mycroft had survived the blood loss and the shock long enough to get help. John considers this nothing short of a miracle.
John sighs. “Let me take you out of the limelight until the Grammys. Give you some peace of mind,”
An uncharacteristically thick blanket of snow covers London and muffles the few sounds that seep through the windows of 221b, down to a dull white background noise.
“It’s not–” John shakes his head and chuckles, despite his simmering anger. “It’s fitted with a radio transmitter. If you press hard enough on the stone, it will send a signal. If you find yourself in trouble and I’m not there, you just–just press it and I’ll find you.”
A movement in the guest house catches Sherlock’s attention and dissolves his musings. Ah, yes – John Watson has moved in. After their charged first meeting earlier today, Greg had worked his charm to somehow convince John to stay and work for them. Exactly what changed his mind Sherlock does not know, but obviously John is eager to start.
He knows exactly what to do now.
“Coming into the suite right now.” Her voice is close.
Sherlock briefly considers delivering some meaningless platitude. Instead, he listens.
Except one. But Sherlock is not surprised. John is back in his life but not as his flatmate. He has moved on.
“John? John.”
And then there had been James, but that hadn’t really been anything, had it? Just another victim of circumstances.
Yes, Sherlock takes him on midnight expeditions to look at comets, relies on his presence to process his ideas, but he never reaches for John for intimacy.
Sherlock exhales a long-suffering sigh; the eye-roll is practically audible. He does rise from the armchair though, and turns to Greg and John, right hand swiftly buttoning up his suit jacket.
“John, we should go early if we want to catch the fishmonger—
“Mycroft suggested it, Bill acquiesced, I…thought it interesting.” Sherlock tilts his head, pensive. “Someone knows we’re here and listened in on our conversation. The place is bugged.”
“As you have undoubtedly deduced, Victor is my ex… My ex.” His cheeks redden slightly. “He is correct when he claims I was the one cutting all ties. I did it to allow him to thrive, instead of being stuck with someone like me.”
Sherlock, who had lifted his eyes briefly to hers, lowers again his gaze and doesn’t reply.
“I accepted another bodyguard. Fine, what’s one more person around the premises anyway. The ruckus from the extra security implements? I can live with it, it is temporary, after all. But restraining my mobility,” Sherlock spits, “blocking important meetings, cutting down on my public appearances? I am drawing a very firm line there, Mycroft.”
The day of the CT scan arrives, and Sherlock is not happy. With instructions to drink a litre of water and not go to the loo two hours before the scan, he is cursing everything and everybody around him. John takes pity on him and accompanies Sherlock to St Mary’s but draws the line at going in the actual CT room with Sherlock.
“That’s quite alright, Dr Hooper. In my branch, we see a lot of interesting places. Also, the restricted access gives us some privacy, yeah?” John used his natural charm to make her at ease. He knew some prospective clients could get nervous about the nature of his products, and he had a natural talent to not come across as creepy.
. True enough, but what can Sherlock do about it now?
“I’m not your puppet, Dr Watson.” She steps back and heads for the door. “I’ve been handling things just fine. Watch me, you might learn something.”
A swimming-pool. That’s what the smell is. He’s in a swimming-pool. He got himself kidnapped,
“That message was not sent from my phone.” He pockets the phone, closes his eyes and takes a deep sigh.
A sigh of relief echoes in the room.
It’s fine. It’s all fine.
John’s reply is filled with pride. “Yep!”
'There's always the possibility he'll say no. I would not blame him. As I said before, he has been in this situation before and it ended in misery for all three of us. But I think he'll say yes.
There is really not much more arguing to be done here. “Alright; if I write a few words, will you
Sherlock had no idea it could be like this.
The man frowns.
Molly frowns, confused. “But that’s the wrong direct–” She pauses and exhales an ‘Oh!’ when she realises what John is after. She makes a sharp turn into Warwick Way.
A respite that, as of late, has been enriched by Sherlock’s observations of the goings-on in Watson’s flat.
He’s been in Sherlock’s suite, a brief visit to chart out the room’s layout before the man arrives. The suite is the only room on the floor, and John requested the rooms below to be kept empty. He’s not forgetting that the lunatic is a bomber and he’ll not need direct access to Sherlock’s room to harm him. The suite is richly decorated with tasteful red and burgundy details on a mostly innocuous beige background –
“He got in the way. He got up from the sofa–”
Mycroft pivots on one heel towards a photo-covered wall, not unlike the ones in the manor; John follows his movement, pausing when he realises the wall is plastered with photos and posters featuring
I’m not one to observe random calendar events. Well, not exactly random, this one, I suppose. Nevertheless, the yearly observation of a past event with some sort of hideous
Originally posted on
Somehow, he cannot shake Sherlock off. Maybe the absolute filth John wrote him will put him off for good.
Sherlock moved his head to face Molly but kept eye contact with John. “…Molly? Is this a…
There’s a laptop idling in a corner of the room, and Sherlock makes his way to it, presses the power button to wake it up from hibernation, inserts the drive into a USB port, and waits until an explorer window pops up with the drive’s contents as Windows completes the rather useless process of ‘installing’ the drive. There is only one file, an MP3. Sherlock double clicks it with some trepidation, and as a voice recites something akin to a nursery rhyme, the world dissolves around him.
into his mouth, slides his hands down John’s chest, abdomen, rests them on John’s groin.
Sherlock leads John to his armchair with measured steps, right arm wrapped around John’s shoulders. In other circumstances, Sherlock would have enjoyed the proximity.
And that’s when he feels it.  A small jewel box attached to the collar.
; Sherlock has to be seen out there!” Victor stabs a finger towards the window to reinforce his opinion. “What’s the point of being a performer if he can’t
Alarm bells ring in John’s mind, the push-pull of contradiction tearing at his guts. A memory of hopeful, then grieving, clear blue eyes, not that long ago but in what now feels like another lifetime.
“Well, you’re the chemist.”
What a wasted opportunity.
Just then, he spots someone he never thought he’d see again.
“Molly?” John asks aloud.
Nothing happens to unopened letters.
They are not good for each other. John thought he could keep the wife and keep the friend, but it was all too much for poor ordinary him. They are complicated and he is a simpleton. Complicated, yeah, but in a simpleton way. Or something like that.
Sherlock stared transfixed at the dildo in his hand. “How much for this one?”
John’s jaw drops. “
Sherlock could only agree. “All the time in the world.”
Mycroft is sincerely taken aback by this. Not that he expected Sherlock to not guess —
In the end, it was a quiet evening in. A shared dinner. Small talk. A retreat to the sofa.
“Damn right I am,” and that settles the conversation on the fate of Sherlock’s kidney stone.
Ellie shifts to face Sherlock, straightens her back and wipes a tear of mirth. “Well, let’s see what next summer has to offer on the Jurassic Coast, hey?” As their giggles die off, John brings out the tea tray, goes back to the kitchen to get a plate of biscuits, and returns to start serving tea. He passes a cup to Ellie and another to Sherlock with a soft squeeze on his forearm. Sherlock accepts the cup with a fond look at John and a soft ‘thank you’.
a team. They have been through a lot together; and, despite the difference in their temperaments, they do work as a well-oiled machine.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Mrs Hudson attempts to rescue the drink. “Sherlock, dear, you left the peel on–”
. “What you are doing is smothering me, Dr Watson.”
“Brother mine, I often say – and I do detest to repeat myself – that caring is not an advantage, that sentiment distorts reason and dulls the mind. But I find myself questioning this view these days.” Sherlock looks surprised at him, but Mycroft is not deterred. “Obviously, in your case, caring gave you the strength to endure two and a half years of misery. And caring will continue to provide you with that same strength. If I would give you one advice, it would be this: go forward; do not stray. Do not abandon that path you’ve been taking for so long now, because it is the path that makes you human.”
Richard slams a hand on the door to keep it closed.
He narrows his eyes. “Ah, no, we’re having a day in. John is showing me–”
Despite his awareness that Sherlock is — naturally — ignoring him, Greg rambles on. He’s still riding the high of solving this case, the case of a sadistic serial murderer targeting teenagers. Three deaths had occurred and two kids fitting the victims’ profile had since disappeared when Greg brought Sherlock in. Twenty-three gruelling hours later, the kids had been found and rescued, the perpetrator arrested, and the media had gone
Mycroft appears behind Greg as if out of thin air. “John ordered me to cancel Sherlock’s appointments for the week. Declared them too risky as he’d have to go out in the midst of the
Mycroft gives an almost imperceptible nod. “I just want to start by saying that I never thought he would go this far.” He exhales a shuddering breath.
Sherlock gives a long, exasperated sigh. “I’m quite confident they are the same person, John. There is distortion in the file that would preclude any good comparison between the two voices but the cadence is similar. And…,” Sherlock hesitates, “the level of creepiness, to be frank. Is also similar.”
Unfortunately, John interprets the silence as a license to continue talking. “Um. About what we talked earlier…” John rubs an embarrassed hand over his nape.
. And John? He’s worse than
John gaped baffled at her for several seconds, her voice still echoing off the sterile surfaces. But then the corner of his mouth twitched upwards and laughter bubbled out of his chest, low chuckles turning into near-hysterical cackles. Molly stared at him in confusion, but John’s mirth was contagious, and she found herself joining in the laughter.
As he casually resumes unpacking his duffel bag, removing a gun and extra cartridges, he continues, “You drive Sherlock around the city, yeah? How about we make that a bit more exciting?”
With a wince, Sherlock gets up from his chair and pads gingerly to the bathroom for the umpteenth time that day.
Sherlock picks up his violin but instead of lifting the bow to strings, he sets the bow down and perches on the window sill. He cradles his violin and plucks a string, repeats the gesture absentmindedly, a soothing, hypnotic effect. As he distractedly surveys the patio, his eyes rest on John’s flat, lit against the premature darkness of the winter evening.
“Everything alright? Saw Mycroft leaving in a huff.”
Even Sherlock eyes John in disbelief as Ellie turns around to glare at him. John cringes, staring at the teapot as if it could save him. “Sorry, that’s… that wasn’t why we went to Broadchurch. I mean, it was, but not for the holiday part, I…” he clears his throat and chances a glance towards the living-room. Ellie feels a corner of her mouth betray her, tugging itself into a smile; chuckles rumble from Sherlock, and that seals it: they are now both laughing, a flummoxed John finally giving in and joining the collective laughter.
but didn’t
He does not give a flying fuck.
Days pass. John gets to know the staff better: Mrs Hudson turns out to be more than just a housekeeper, with her motherly manners and gentle positivity; Molly, the driver, is timid but competent, and most importantly, discreet; Irene seems to hate him, which John is fine with as the feeling is mutual; and Victor is…well, a nuisance. As Sherlock’s publicist, Victor manages Sherlock’s public agenda, deciding when and where Sherlock is going to meet who. The problem is, Victor tends to completely ignore the very specific instructions John gives him in advance of all his and Sherlock’s trips. Every. Bloody. Time. Because of this, John often has to scramble for a last-minute security plan.
. Oh, is it evening already? He is back from the surgery, then. But his gait is light, instead of carrying the weariness of a day filled with dullness.
John gets in bed behind Sherlock and gathers him in his arms. He’ll think about what he’s just done later. For now, all he cares is the way Sherlock relaxes into him.
“Sherlock, that tickles!” John was laughing, voice still rumbling with sleep, and Sherlock understood why: he had been drawing lazy circles on John’s naked back with one hand but got so distracted with daydreaming he had been applying that amount of pressure that is just short of too much and of too little at the same time.
It tugs something inside him, but he’d rather have Sherlock’s anger than his blood on his hands.
New Year’s Day wakes up sunny and cheery, but Sherlock is feeling anything but. He’s not much of a drinker, and the few glasses of yesterday’s champagne he consumed in the small hours are making themselves known as a pounding headache. He tries to focus on writing down notes for a cover song he’s been thinking of recording, but the headache and John’s constant presence in the suite are distracting him.
Which is why the man jumping on the stage startles him.
“Yeah,” John replies, “me too.” There is a pause, as if he needs to add something but doesn’t know how to. “Talk to you later, then. Bye,” he whispers to not wake the slumbering toddler.
“At least, you don’t have to suffer the indignity of a visit to an amusement park again,” John quips.
And how the hell had he not noticed Sherlock was that way inclined?
Sherlock rubs his injured throat. John chastises himself – he should have a look at that.
“Shit.” Greg closes his eyes.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow at the scene before him: Sherlock looms at his doorstep, half-dried blood caked under his nose and staining his white shirt.
. As much as it pleases Sherlock to have his friend back in Baker Street, he knows this comes at a price. Every day John spends away from Mary is another day dooming their marriage. What happens if their story ends in divorce? Mary disappears again, as she will have no shield against Magnussen; she will take the baby with her, no question about that — she is too possessive to not do so. And in time, John will begrudge Sherlock’s role in all this, their friendship rusting away.
None of the men seem to acknowledge her as she slips out of the suite, their eyes still locked on each other.
A fluffy terrier trots into the living-room and greets the newcomers with nuzzles and an excited bark. Sherlock, who’s been looking rather disinterested in engaging at all with Bill or the venue, smiles and crouches to pet the small dog.
Molly finds them an Airbnb near the hospital – a spacious flat with the privacy a hotel in the city centre wouldn’t provide. It had taken some convincing to drag Sherlock from his brother’s bedside to get a few hours of shuteye but in the end Sherlock had acquiesced.
“Hmm.” Sherlock looks up again. “There are enough decor details on this ugly facade for an experienced climber to grab hold and escape to the rooftop.” He points to a reticulated trim just above the window.
, remember?”
John tries to regain his footing. “What do you mean?”
“Oh, um, no problem, John. It was my pleasure. I mean, it wasn’t but, oh god, I mean–”
They break the kiss for some air. “John,” Sherlock whispers against his lips, “you look quite dashing.” He resumes his petting of John’s hair, seemingly lost in thought. “Some people call this wisdom.”
He finds John Watson staring at him, a mix of awe and apprehension etched on his face.
Irene huffs but doesn’t reply; Sherlock frowns, puzzled, but keeps quiet, and after exchanging a long look with John he returns to thumb at his mobile.
They do not speak of the night they spent together. It’s fine, John thinks. It had been platonic comforting between friends. Nothing inappropriate about it.
Sherlock twitches a corner of his mouth into a half-smile.
He feels John’s gentle hand on his arm. “Hey, Sherlock? How’re you feeling? This is a lot to process.”
They sink into armchairs, nursing the drink in silence. Mycroft knows there is little he can say now that will help. Rarely has he seen his brother in this state, but he recognises it all the same:
, John.”
“No, don’t say that, I…” John hates himself so much right now, which is in fact an extension of how much he has hated himself all his life. Why can he not step forward and accept what is being given to him on a silver plate? Why does he deprive himself of the love from the one person that has always meant the whole world to him?
John puts two and two together. “Did you have… an accident in there?”
John rolled his hips and Sherlock moaned. He felt no need to keep quiet and he encouraged John with loud vocalizations.
John lost his patience and used Sherlock’s distraction to rock forward and slam back. Sherlock gasped before deciding to let John set the pace. John’s hand went between his legs to stroke himself but Sherlock batted it away. He started moving counter to John so he was fucking John harder. John arched his back and bowed it, trying to find an angle where Sherlock was hitting his prostate. Sherlock tilted his own hips and John cried out.
With this chapter, I’m all caught up, read the other two updates before reading this one.
Sherlock was incandescently happy. His sub was plodding along beside him, reaching down and trying to adjust himself rather frequently. His mouth always made a little frown when he did but his eyes were bright and Sherlock was rather pleased with himself. He’d gotten John to come in his pants and now anyone they came into contact with would know—well, maybe not, they weren’t observant.
He looked angry.
“Sherlock?”
“John?”
“He’s beautiful. I can’t believe it,” John said in wonder.
John was taken aback. He gaped at Mycroft, who was running his hand through his hair and straightening his suit.
“John, condom,” James said.
“Colour, Sherlock.”
Sherlock stopped and John came to a halt beside him. The cabbie stopped too. John looked up to Sherlock, wanting to know what their next move was. Sherlock looked around, searching the area for additional threats. John did too. He didn’t see anything. Apparently, neither did Sherlock, he sauntered up to the cab, leaning in when the window rolled down.
John was lucky. He was the luckiest man in the universe. He hadn’t died in Afghanistan and he’d found Sherlock Holmes. And when he thought he’d missed his chance, that he’d lost his best friend and the love of his life, Sherlock came back. And, if that wasn’t a big enough miracle, Sherlock hadn’t scorned John when he confessed his love, he’d kissed him. Then, somehow, they’d gotten here, with Sherlock sleeping peacefully in John’s arms.
Sherlock rolled his hips and gripped John’s cock tighter, working him rougher. He could feel himself getting close. He looked up to John.
“You sure you’re okay?”
“Mmm, but that was the best sex of my life and I want to bask in the afterglow.”
“You are neither. I think having a sub will be good for you. I know my own sub has been a calming presence in my life.”
“I can’t,” John hissed back.
“Do you want me to stop?” Sherlock stilled his hand.
A drop of sweat dripped from Sherlock’s nose onto John’s arse and he prayed John was close. He doubted he was, as John hadn’t tried to reach for his cock again. He tried to change his focus to something else, to recite the periodic table alphabetically backwards so he didn’t come first.
Sherlock blinked at him.
John pounced on him, pinning him to the bed he stroked Sherlock to full hardness roughly. Sherlock fumbled in the bedside cabinet for condoms and lube. When he turned back John’s arse was in his face. He was playing with the plug, moving it in circles, teasing it out but before it was free he pushed it back in.
“Thirteen!” Sherlock shouted as pain bloomed over the bottom of his feet. He writhed on the sheets and whimpered with need. “Brilliant, you’re brilliant. God, you’re perfect,” Sherlock babbled as he got a fresh wave of endorphins.
"Call Mycroft Holmes, I believe we've located his sibling. And get disposal on the line."
“You worry too much,” he said.
“Sherlock,” he moaned when Sherlock pulled back for air.
What was John thinking? The man looked about twelve, certainly not thirty. It was almost indecent.
They’d been sitting in a dirty ally for five hours. John should have insisted on a shower first but too late now. He kicked off his pants and ran hot water over the flannel.
Sherlock could taste semen and latex. God, this was filthy. John’s cock was smooth, silky, warm and alive in his mouth. His saliva washed away the stronger tastes and he could taste skin. He made himself drool more to flush the tastes faster.
“Is it the riding crop? My idea of a joke. Don’t worry, I only use it on cadavers.”
The pressure around his cock lessened and Sherlock was able to move the two thrusts he needed to come deep in John’s body.
John smiled and nearly laughed. “The police don’t consult amateurs.”
“John, John, John,” he chanted, begging for mercy.
Sherlock whimpered. He wasn’t fully hard but any touch would do the trick.
Sherlock was grateful for his long coat.
Well, that was a relief.
“Boring,” Sherlock said.
“Lestrade’s coming soon to relieve us, right?” John whispered. He really wanted to go to bed.
John slid all the way in and Sherlock sighed. John was perfect. He slid out a bit and his cock dragged along Sherlock’s prostate.
John opened the door, stuck his head out and asked Sherlock, “Well? Are you going to join me or not?”
“Do you forgive yourself?”
John sat down, sitting stiffly as he watched his show. Sherlock watched too, hyperaware of his flatmate next to him.
John moaned delightfully as Sherlock teased his hole. Sherlock ran his finger around John’s rim, sliding over the hole but not entering. Clockwise then counterclockwise until—
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock did, his arms breaking out in goosebumps.
The people on the pavement behind him cursed and steeped around and John went into the shop. It was an antique dealer so many of the rings were for women. John looked in the cases and realized he was searching for a wedding ring. He wanted to marry Sherlock.
from cases.” The way he said souvenirs made it clear he knew, at the very least, about the ashtray theft.
James caught Sherlock’s attention by giving himself a few strokes.
Sherlock removed John’s shirt, draping it half inside the sink and dropped to his knees. John swallowed but Sherlock wasn’t about to give him a blow job. He’d turned his attention to John’s shoes and was undoing the laces.
“Oh?”
“I should get dressed,” Sherlock said. John was interested but his embarrassment from being caught by Mrs Hudson would persist and he wouldn’t be as uninhibited as Sherlock wanted him to be.
"Yeah." John was startled by the creature's lack of attention span and unsettled by Mary's apparent murder. Plus, his head was killing him.
This is another chapter I took from the unfinished fic. Hopefully I did a better job editing it.
When John still his hips the hand came back, Sherlock had licked it in the meantime.
John was overcome with all the different sensations and Sherlock slipped his finger in. John thrust forward, brushing his cock against Sherlock’s and when he arched back he shoved Sherlock’s finger deeper.
It was quiet for a few seconds and John asked less tentatively, “Where are we going? We have an hour before our session.”
“We’re not sleeping to—” Watson started but Sholto cut him off.
Sherlock felt the next spank hit lower, nearly the top of his thigh. It was even harder than the first two. “Three,” he groaned as his cock was pushed against the sheets with the force of John’s blow.
John got another finger in and scissored a bit before cursing and pouring some lube over his cock. Sherlock felt the cold goop drip down as John poured a little over his hole.
He limped into the elevator and stood a good distance from his new Dom.
“Sher—Sherlock!” John shouted and Sherlock felt John grow and tense and come inside him.
He took a deep breath and let it out in a contented sigh.
“Sherlock, dear,” she said to get his attention.
Sherlock felt his cock twitch.
“Okay?” he asked.
“Not really,” John said. He actually felt a little sick.
“You really are gay,” John said apropos nothing.
“I…” John didn’t know what to say. He still couldn’t believe this was happening. How had he gotten here?
Once the sound was pulled free of Sherlock’s cock John had him add more lube and let it fall back in.
What he saw made him freeze.
Sherlock looked down his nose at John’s offering. “No.”
John laughed and kissed him. When he tried to pull away Sherlock held him in place and deepened the kiss. John started rolling his hips and Sherlock stroked his thumbs over John’s cheekbones.
Special thanks to my betas:
Sherlock cleared his throat and squared his shoulders. He’d seen porn and people did this every day. Normal, stupid people. It shouldn’t be difficult.
Finally, John arrived in the communications room. There he found Mary's body. He checked her over. It looked like she hadn't been strapped in when they crashed and hit her head. Why hadn't she been wearing her helmet? The creeping sensation intensified.
Sherlock got tired of John’s gaping. “I thought you were into this,” he said.
Sherlock shouted in rage and swept the table, sending all his chemistry equipment to the floor. The shattering glass didn’t make him feel any better.
Lestrade hadn’t heard from Sherlock in ages. Understandable, as he’d been busy with his new relationship with Molly. And, Molly had been occupied with Lestrade so she’d been no help either.
Sure, sex scenes in dramas were arousing, but they weren’t pornography. John wasn’t a randy teenager, needing to get off three times a day either. John should have been more than able to wait at least until he was upstairs in bed or save it for his morning wank in the shower like he usually did.
masturbatory fantasies.
“Christ, you’re going to be the death of me,” John said, staring at Sherlock’s face.
“Want to dominate me?”
“Come for me, pet,” John said.
“Thank you,” John said when he was done.
John walked him backwards and Sherlock tripped over the stool he’d been sitting on.
Sherlock nuzzled his nose against John’s crown and pressed his forehead to the back of John’s head. John figured Sherlock’s arm would fall asleep and they’d separate, perhaps allowing a moment for John to hold Sherlock, but Sherlock’s breathing evened out and his arm slowly went slack. Sherlock’s fingers stayed twined with John’s, but only just. John thought he should probably scoot away to save Sherlock pain in the morning. Even though he was loathe to do so, he lifted his head and moved to slide to the side of the bed.
“Flip him, I want to fuck him,” John said desperately.
Sherlock met John’s eyes and hollowed his cheeks as he slid back.
well, my computer crapped out so now I've got a new one and you've got a late chapter. sorry
“I’m not in the mood, Sherlock,” John said, head hung low.
John's so fired. lol
John had been shouting for O'Murtagh not to hurt Sherlock, not the other way around.
Sherlock was at a loss.
“I don’t know if you’d call it dating…” John said. They didn’t really go on dates.
The next paper was from the hospital, the date from when Sherlock had been shot. John flipped over to the bloodwork. The STIs had cleared up but drugs were present.
Before John knew it he was being handed a glass of water. Sherlock told him to drink it and he started playing another song on his violin.
“You’re pleased with yourself,” John said.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He could be open here. He’d never see these men again. “But I’m willing to settle for one of you.” Sholto was blond, and more muscular than John. He needed more information to deduce the size of his cock, but he was sure it was adequate.
“You’ll have to get antibiotics too, just in case so we don’t spread it to each other.”
“But he’s not a good one. Watch out for yourself.”
He stole one of Sherlock’s poncy fluffy towels from his room and tried to shower quickly, he didn’t want to use more water than he needed. He had a feeling that Sherlock would have him in the shower again before the night was out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine by me,” James said.
Sherlock stopped, deducing what he could. There wasn’t much, the light was too dim to get a read on the driver. When Sherlock stopped both John and the cabbie did too.
“Brilliant, you’re brilliant, Sherlock. My good boy.”
“Really?” Greg was aghast.
"Ah, ah, ah!" O'Murtagh put a little pressure on the airlock latch. "The other door is open. I flip this and you and Watson go out onto Mars's surface. Good luck surviving that, it's getting dark."
“I think I’m fired,” John said.
John suddenly remembered the text message. "You said you'd get me off with your fingers up my arse," he reminded him.
Sherlock rose up on his knees and pulls John down for a kiss.
Sherlock opened his eyes and John marvelled at him. Pale skin with a pink flush slightly glistening with sweat, eyes large and dark, his white teeth biting into his plush red lip. Dark curls hallowed his head, frizzy and tousled.
“Why not?” Sherlock snapped.
He looked at his oversized jumpers and jeans and wondered what he should wear. He decided on a nice button up and his best fitting jumper, a cable knit beige affair. He took out his best jeans and his good shoes. He only had a dark denim jacket, he’d been intending to get a real coat next month. Still, he took it so he wouldn’t get cold. He knew his Dom wouldn’t be impressed but at least he could show that he took care of himself.
John got up to get a look at it.
John, finished with Sherlock’s top half, nudged at Sherlock’s legs, directing Sherlock until he closed them. Then he climbed up and straddled Sherlock’s thighs. Too low to provide any stimulation to Sherlock’s cock but high enough that the pressure wasn’t uncomfortable.
It had pictures of dancing men on it.
Sorry for the cliffhanger. :(
“Mmm!” Sherlock shivered at the sharp pain.
It sent John over the edge.
The air sang and a loud crack sounded. Pleasure erupted over Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock mewled and writhed on the bed. “Twenty,” he said reverently.
The doorbell rang again and he huffed while he got up. If he was going downstairs he might as well go to the raid in the park.
“You ok?” John asked.
He needed his sub. He needed to make sure that John was ok, that he was safe. Why hadn’t he run when Sherlock told him to?
He splashed some water on his face and looked in the mirror. He looked haggard. Stressed and exhausted and scared. This wasn’t the face of a man who’d just had amazing sex with his soulmate. This was the face of a broken man who hurt those he loved.
Sherlock raised his hand up and opened the door for John before sliding in himself.
Now, how did he say,
He was a vision.
“Say something!” Sherlock demanded.
“You haven’t been by to visit for ages,” Mrs Hudson lamented over the phone.
John left after his glass was empty. He browsed in some shop windows, trying to find the perfect gift but came up empty-handed. It was getting very close to Christmas. John was frustrated and mad at himself.
Reading his expression Sherlock said, “I’m fine. Come back to bed.”
John remembered how it felt when Sherlock did it for him and he wanted Sherlock to feel that. To experience it. And if John didn’t do it Sherlock wouldn’t. Because John was never letting Sherlock go now that he
John thought he should probably call Sherlock back so he could ask if he could use it but it wouldn’t matter in the end. John couldn’t pay. Sherlock would have to. He handed the card to the cabbie and after running it the cabbie handed it back.
Sherlock kept moving his hands as he felt John’s cock slide inside him and John caught his hand. And twined their fingers. Sherlock could feel his ring on John’s finger and it made his cock twitch. He felt it drip onto his stomach.
There was a date and an address below but John hardly saw them.
At that, John looked smug. “I bet you can.”
He found Sherlock there, waiting for him. The house was otherwise empty, the bed by the front door, the boxes and strangers were gone.
John's face was bright red but his cock got hard quickly. Sherlock saw that it was John’s adrenaline kink. Sitting in the middle of a restaurant, in front of a window, getting a handjob in the middle of dinner.
“She nervous?”
So, he wouldn’t break the mood.
“Shh, pet,” Sherlock said. He carded his fingers through John’s hair and petted him.
He came home feeling much happier and more festive than when he left. Since John was off being fired Sherlock enlisted Mrs Hudson’s help in decorating the flat. He’d even hung mistletoe.
Sherlock came out of the shower running a large towel through his curls and had a small towel hanging low on his hips.
Sherlock spread himself out over the sheets. “Too tired.”
“Oh, God!” Sherlock fell to his elbows.
Why wasn’t he getting up, getting cleaned up and… leaving?
“That’s ten,” John said and it barely broke through the fog in Sherlock’s brain.
“Not good?” Sherlock asked.
John frowned.
“Will you do me the honour of becoming my husband?”
Sherlock slid off the stool and down on one knee.
His mother’s eyes were wide with incredulous disapproval.
John decided it was time to step in. There was a case Lestrade wanted them to take, he’d talked to John on multiple occasions and all they really needed to do was go to a fancy dress party and have Sherlock observe the people there. Greg was sure that Sherlock would be able the ID the murderer straight away.
The counsellor cleared her throat. Once she had both men’s attention she said, “Well, I think we should start with sexual profiles.” When neither man contradicted her she continued, “Sherlock, let’s start with yours. I saw that you had ‘t’s next to all of your responses.” The man nodded but didn’t say anything. She decided to pry. “Why didn’t you update your sexual profile before turning thirty?”
The creature moved away and John came out of the spell he'd been trapped in. "I need to contact NASA. Don't touch anything," he told the creature and picked up the radio.
“Your sister, you mean.”
The moan that came out of Sherlock made John bite his lower lip.
But Bill just pulled Sherlock’s hips up and started thrusting harder.
Sherlock gave him a glare for his trouble. “And?” he demanded.
“Oh damn, they scored,” Lestrade said, attention back on the game.
Then he
Then John pushed in with his tongue.
If Mummy knew more she wasn’t giving the information away.
“Patience, beautiful,” John murmured as he dragged the feather down, around Sherlock’s kneecap and up along the outside of Sherlock’s thigh. The feather caught on Sherlock’s leg hair and Sherlock’s muscles jumped as he tried to stay still.
“Not a complaint,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut. “Please, John turn up the vibrator. I need it. Please, John!”
John poured them a nightcap and after two Sherlock decided it was time to move things forward.
“Have some tea, I’ll get things ready,” Sherlock said.
“It’s not like last time,” she said.
“Oh? Oh!” Sherlock said before blinking rapidly.
“I want you to dominate me,” John repeated. “I want you to take the riding crop to my back, pour candle wax on me. Hurt me.”
John’s hand blurred as he worked himself and Sherlock had to stop John’s muscles seized so much and John’s mouth opened in a silent scream and his back bowed as he came. Come splattered over Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock was well aware that John found him attractive. He had been hitting on him over dinner at Angelo’s, no matter how much he denied it after. But he hadn’t tried again after that. Even mocking Sherlock for when he asked him out during the Blind Banker case. As if Sherlock were so dim-witted as to not know what a date was.
Sherlock wanted to marry him.
“What?” John asked. He had the same feeling he’d had when they’d met. Sherlock had taken the conversation and moved forward, leaving John stumbling to catch up and desperate to do so.
“God, he’s sex incarnate,” John said.
“Come, Sherlock,” John said. “Come on me.”
“I am no one’s broodmare!” Sherlock shouted into her face.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly. He was on edge, he didn’t need to be quiet, no one in a car with the windows rolled up could hear him if he spoke normally, but he couldn’t help it.
John woke warm and with a stiff neck. He wiped the spit from his chin with a frown and blinked, trying to get his bearings.
“Bask my arse you lazy sod. I’ll let it go because you’re a flatterer,” John stood.
John felt his hand tighten and loosen. He did it a couple more times, trying to erase the memory of Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Mmm,” he moaned, begging for someone to touch his cock.
“Nine!” Sherlock had nearly forgotten about the spanking during John’s pause. “Ten, eleven, twe-lve!” Sherlock’s breath hitched as they landed right over the same spot. He was already feeling tender and John wasn’t even halfway done. He still had more instruments to go too.
John lifted the feathers from Sherlock’s body altogether so he would be surprised when he ran them over Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock gasped and recoiled from the tickling touch.
Sherlock took a bite of food with his left hand as he collected another bead of moisture.
Sherlock gripped John’s hips tighter. He felt warm, his hands slid with the sweat from both his and John’s bodies. He dug his nails in.
If anyone could do it, it would be John. However, Sherlock was too wound up to attempt something like that today.
The pressure around his throat disappeared. He took a deep breath and looked up into John’s eyes.
“Shh!” Sherlock said and gave him a firm look.
Could it be… Was it possible…
“John?” he asked.
Sorry for not following through on everything, I'm going to update the tags and mark it as complete since this is an acceptable ending place. :)
John looked up in horror; O'Murtagh had rolled within reach of an airlock. "No! You'll kill us all," John cried out.
Sherlock pouted. He’d never experienced that. He trusted John to do the job properly. To not leave any lasting marks, to not do any permeant damage.
John held felt Sherlock’s penis. His penis. Sherlock’s.
“I wouldn’t treat the people who hold your fate in their hands like this,” she said coldly and swept out of the room.
John kissed the tip of his nose causing him to scowl further.
“No,” Sherlock said and shook his head. “No.”
The room stopped spinning for a moment and Sherlock realized this was the serial killer Lestrade was after. He
“I love you more, William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”
The cabbie manhandled Sherlock into the backseat. The last thing he saw was John’s horrified face.
They scratched and bit and tried to dig into the dirt. John wouldn’t let them. He laid himself down over the mud and felt himself start sinking too.
“I have chlamydia,” John said.
John giggled too. He moved his finger around and Sherlock felt something strike his core.
“Nn!” Sherlock shouted.
"Mycroft? Is everything alright? Now's not a great time."
Sherlock tried to rut against the air but all rocking his hips did was move the massager back and forth over his prostate.
John allowed the kiss and Sherlock was pleasantly surprised to find John being passive. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck and deepened the kiss. Sherlock groaned into his mouth.
“Where do you want to do this?” John asked.
Sherlock rolled onto his side and decided to rest on his elbow, hand supporting his head. Now, where should his other hand go? He’d seen pictures of people with their leg bent up to expose their genitals. Was that too forward? He took the pose (he was seducing John, after all), but he angled his arm to cover his penis. It was best to be coy, he felt more comfortable and it’d be reasonable, him being a virgin and all. He didn’t cup his hand, he just let it rest on the sheets naturally. He didn’t want John to know he was nervous. He was a Dom, he needed to fill that role properly.
"Jawn," they said experimentally. They nodded to themselves, yes, Jawn was a good name. They liked it. "Jawn, what's this?" They asked and pointed to a green thing.
The police had been to the flat, Sherlock worked with them, he’d probably put away enough criminals to have enemies everywhere.
“Good job, pet. You did well. You ready for the paddle?”
"Don't give me that heartless shit Mycroft. These people will send others to recover their countrymen."
"Yes," John said. He swapped their places and washed his hair.
“When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”
“In a minute,” Sherlock said and tried to roll onto the bed properly.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes, memorizing each different hue that made up the iris before turning his attention to John’s eyelashes. They were long, blond, the tips nearly white, and when Sherlock caught John’s mouth in a kiss they brushed against his cheek.
After a moment he decided he was being dramatic. Just because his sister’s match hadn’t worked out didn’t mean his wouldn’t. And the government provided marriage counselling. If the man was truly terrible he could save up for a divorce, and it would be easier to get a job when he was married.
“I can’t,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock turned to look at him and whined.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him and John looked away.
And now, John was sitting on the couch, fast asleep, having masturbated to either gay sex or Sherlock’s proximity or both.
Until Sherlock rested his hand on the back of John’s neck. His hand was warm and large. Strong, but gentle. It was nice and he had to force himself not to lean into the contact.
John groaned as Sherlock sucked him. Sherlock was being used in every orifice. He was John’s toy. To torture, to pleasure.
and John internally groaned.
“There,” he whispered. “Now your trousers are dirty and you can sit down.”
"Next time, John. I didn't think you'd want strawberry lube up there. Though we'll have to try that sometime too. I quite enjoyed rimming. I'll add it to the list."
John was looking at him, staring. His pupils were dilated and Sherlock realized John was waiting for a command. Well, of course, he was! John was a sub. A sub wasn’t going to lead a sexual encounter. At least, a sub that had been abandoned wasn’t.
“No, it’s, um. I understand,” John quickly says, because he does. Aside from his private quarters, Sherlock’s house doesn’t feel like a home. There are homely elements, like Molly’s chatter and Mrs Hudson’s fretting, but the space echoes with a lack of friendly intimacy. The emptiness is heavy and oppressive, neither filled or relieved by the constant stream of minions working on the machinery that is Sherlock Holmes, pop superstar.
John looks stricken. Sets down his now empty cup of tea on the coffee table. Nods dumbly at the floor, unable to meet Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock gets up from his chair, walks towards his bedroom, opens his chest of drawers with more force than necessary, picks up linens, walks back into the sitting room. John has not moved an inch, still staring at the floor with a vacant expression. Sherlock drops sheets and a blanket and a towel on the sofa. “Goodnight, John.” He turns around and marches into his bedroom. Changes into pyjamas. Lies down. Listens to the pinging of drops escaping the rain gutter onto the pavement. And does not sleep.
Not for the first time, Ellie wonders about the reputation of Sherlock Holmes as a cold, calculating man. Yes, she witnessed him being abrasive in Broadchurch, and clashing spectacularly with Alec. But the man in front of her radiates sympathy, kindness, even compassion.
“Uh, I suppose? Oh, do call me Molly.”
“The pay’s better,” he replies without as much humour as he’d intended.
“The nurse said he woke up agitated from the surgery, but he’s asleep now.” Sherlock’s voice sounds distant in his own ears.
John tastes the acronym ‘FTIR’ mentally; it nudges something in his memories of organic chemistry classes. “Sounds a bit improbable that FTIR would be able to measure anything.”
“Hmm, maybe she wants to have her own Study in Pink?”
with all the overwhelming changes in his routine and living space. He feels trapped in other people’s agendas, is shoved from place to place and is told what to do every minute of every day, his only respite the solitude of his flat.
, Victor.”
John walks to her as she reaches for a glass of champagne, and her face lights up when she sees him.
In one swift movement, he stands up, snatches the orchid from the table and whirls the vase to the opposite wall, where it crashes in too few bits to be satisfying.
Perhaps it’s the late hour; perhaps it’s the fragility of the moment. Perhaps it’s because it’s dark, and warm and they’re both in their pyjamas, and there is a need for comforting and being comforted. All John knows is it feels natural to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, draw Sherlock’s head to his chest, thread fingers through soft, damp curls. Sherlock yields to this reassurance of safety, burrows his face in John’s chest and breathes, the humid exhale penetrating the thin layer of cotton on John’s torso. With a gentleness befitting the night-time, John pulls his friend on his feet, guides him down the hallway to the bedroom and into the bed, covers him with the soft duvet, and sits on the edge of the mattress. They look at each other for a long moment; soon enough, Sherlock’s lashes flutter as he closes his eyes, fatigue finally lulling him to sleep.
interested, but he’s failing. His back is against the closed door, and Richard is close.
Sherlock gives a nonchalant nod and moves swiftly away from the window. He feels heat rising in his cheeks as if he had been caught in the act. In the act of what? It’s his property, after all, he can damn well look wherever he wants to, and privacy is something nobody really has these days anyway. Him especially, what with being a
are you here, hmm? To tut at my
,” Sherlock spits. “Really, John. I was home all day, then my back starts cramping, now I’m urinating blood, and the first thing you think is I have inflicted this on myself. Your bedside manners are quite lacking.”
“And he is…”
, “to ask you if— if you are taking summer holidays.”
He stepped in the living room, and the view took his breath away.
“Look, Sherlock is a nice guy. Yeah, he acts like a bit of a prick sometimes but he’s actually a decent human being.” Greg is puffing after John, who does not slow down. “John. John,
“What is the alternative?” John’s reply is tentative, cautious. “We never talk about important things.”
“You look well, Ellie,” Sherlock comments, his apparent disinterest for small talk betrayed by a warm smile.
What he doesn’t expect though, is to see a single tear track down John’s cheek, landing on his upper lip. John doesn’t brush it away.
Mycroft has to be forcibly dragged in. The door closes behind them just in time for an explosion to shatter the boathouse and rock the building with the loud blast.
Sherlock grabs Richard’s wrist and gives it a sharp twist, a manoeuvre he knows will likely sprain it. Richard gives a sharp cry and staggers back, buying Sherlock time to unlock and open the door.
It is just the two of them, sitting in their respective armchairs, enjoying the peace and a tumbler of expensive whisky. John has a forgotten book on his lap, and Sherlock has set aside his mobile. They focus on the here and the now, on the slow burn of the alcohol down their throats, on the spreading warmth from the fireplace and from within, on each other’s relaxed gazes, locked eyes scrutinising each other’s innermost thoughts.
With the moment gone, Sherlock quickly excuses himself to his bedroom, leaving John to deal with the broken pieces.
The words hang in the air and settle softly over them, sink into their skins, meld into their blood. As realisation dawns on Sherlock’s features, John sits forward and touches his knee with a warm, steady hand. Sherlock lays his hand over John’s; they look into each other’s eyes for a long moment.
“Many years ago, when Sherlock’s career was taking off, I had a…dalliance with a young man.” Mycroft’s eyes slide to Sherlock’s. “We were physically involved for a few weeks, then I ended it.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock softly says, “please, stop hating yourself. And if you cannot find the strength to love yourself, then…” He hesitates, “then let me love you instead.”
irritating to be so dependent on John’s care for now, he wouldn’t exchange these few stolen moments of closeness for anything in the world. He is slightly ashamed of himself for this, as he knows the feeling can never be reciprocated; but he cannot help it.
[Physician. Noooo… soldier? Wait…
, who prompted:
The moment he steps in the living-room, Sherlock is pouncing on him, a predatory smile plastered on his face. “I have the most excellent news,” and he looks so happy, John’s heart clenches a little bit in his chest as if trying to grab the waves of euphoria Sherlock is emanating. Before John can ask what the good news is, Sherlock opens the palm of his right hand.
The fifth day dawns bright and promising, flows easily in an apology for yesterday’s dark moods. The trip to Brighton goes without hiccups: Rosie chases seagulls, they eat ice-cream while strolling the pier, and Sherlock and John walk side by side a few inches closer than usual. The salty sea breeze ruffles Sherlock’s curls; more than once, John tucks an errant curl behind an ear or away from Sherlock’s eyes, his own soft and filled with affection. Even if they often need to wade and squeeze through tourists, spirits are high. Hands brush, then tentatively hold each other. It finally feels the air is cleared, and that the conversation was had, even if not all words were said.
“Nonsense, it was a small explosive. Molly’s hand was hardly injured,” Sherlock interrupts nonchalantly, straightening the cuffs on his expensive suit jacket. He is quickly distracted by a young woman who materialises next to him with two suits in her hands and a sour expression. Sherlock murmurs a
Bill chops vegetables for dinner by the old AGA cooker as Sherlock pokes around the kitchen, tea cup in hand. Through the kitchen window, Sherlock can see the loch and the silhouettes of Molly and John – barely visible in the dusk – as they survey the area around the house.
But this time, it’s him who is to be the bearer. Clearly. John closes his eyes to not let show his despair as the future sequence of events rolls in his head: Sherlock being lured into this forsaken place; John meeting him with a bomb; the whole place going up in flames, them dying together this very night.
He can practically hear the cogs turning in John’s head.
John ponders for a moment on Sherlock’s question. He had definitely caught a figure scrambling out of the window but his attention was divided between the intruder and Sherlock prostrated on the floor.
“Oh, darling, don’t worry about that. I’m sure we can pass the time in some other way.” The grin on his face turns predatory, and for the first time, interest wars with discomfort in Sherlock as Richard takes a step closer.
To his surprise, a sheepish Sherlock opens the door slowly. “You mean it? You won’t force me to do the scan?”
“I can keep vigil here if you want to walk around.” Irene’s voice startles John. Damn her and her ninja walk! But he is thankful for the distraction – the last thing he wants to do is listen to whatever is going behind the closed door.
– and collapses onto John’s steady figure to the sound of screeching tyres.
“But–”
John reads a whole upbringing on a wall.
. You know, maybe with Mycroft and your parents when you were kids?”
Greg Lestrade and Sally Donovan have been a team for so many years, Greg is almost unsure whether there was a time they
, heavens know how biscuits don’t last long in this place!”
“No, obviously you did not!”
“No. I had it when we were out, though.”
John drums his fingertips on the armrest. Jumps up from the armchair and stands before the French doors, his back to the room. Takes a deep breath. “Are you not curious at all about the letter?”
“Hey!”
What could he have said to make Sherlock not believe he was a fraud? This whole situation is incomprehensible. Sherlock was the brightest man John had ever known, and not only that, he was also the best man… the most human human being… and John never told him how much he—
“Yes. I don’t want him in the middle of large crowds, at events that have had their entire schedules plastered all over the Internet for weeks now. It’s perfect ground for anyone with malicious intent to plan – in detail – and execute an attempt on Sherlock’s life. I won’t allow this.”
Rosie stretches a hand towards Sherlock. In it, a smooth stone, pale rose with grey veins, wet so the colours pop out. Sherlock accepts it, speechless – and Rosie simply goes back to play in the puddle where she found the stone. He turns an incredulous look to John, who simply continues to grin, now at him. “I think she likes you.”
“Oh yeah.” John’s smile is dangerous and the farthest thing from friendly as one can imagine. “Smashing that ugly nose of yours into your cranium, for example, is on my mind.” Victor blanches; John doesn’t let him answer. “I did wonder why you were so adamant to dismiss how someone could have access to the room, but it’s plain to see, isn’t it? A DNA analysis of the
As a third and a fourth week pass, John wonders aloud when Sherlock’s appointment with a urologist had been. How had he missed this?
“Alright. Sorry I didn’t know; I’m a bit out of touch from all that here,” Bill replies apologetically. Sherlock dismisses his worries with a wave of a hand. Bill scrapes the chopped vegetables from the wooden block and dumps them into a simmering pot. “You must be really special to need John.”
Perhaps sensing the moment becoming charged, Molly rises from the sofa. “I’ll put the kettle on.”
As Sherlock shoots the train of deductions that led to the detention of yet another murderer, swirling around the room gesticulating wildly, Sally Donovan seethes. Quietly, arms crossed in a tense posture, back arched so only her shoulders touch the wall, Sally sniffs contemptuously from across the room and rolls her eyes at every dramatic pause Sherlock produces in his lecture.
The limo rolls softly into the London night as Sherlock’s hesitant, bony fingers clasp around the crucifix with a murmured ‘thank you.’ Their eyes meet, the passing street lights casting fast-moving shadows on their faces. Victor huffs and grumbles under his breath but turns resolutely away from the two men and stares out of the window. Molly has the radio on, and a way too chirpy show host natters about how Sherlock will be making a surprise appearance at London’s most famous gay nightclub tonight.
“I’m not thinking at all right now, Mr Holmes, how about that?” He runs the tip of the nose up the side of Sherlock’s neck and rolls his hips into Sherlock’s.
As his thoughts drift further into the paradox that wears the skin of John Watson, Sherlock loses the proper tempo on his playing, the
She drops this bomb in such a nonchalant fashion I briefly think I misheard her. John, in love with someone else? It is true that he is trudging along in a loveless marriage for the sake of ensnaring Mary in a tight trap, one she can finally not escape from — ah. John is unable to carry on the deception, to a level Mary suspects he is having an affair.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; The Hiatus; Post-Reichenbach; Light Angst
With one last, long thrust, John squeezes his eyes shut, makes an almost inhuman sound and paints Sherlock’s torso with thick strands, holding them in a desperate grip; Sherlock comes undone, and adds to the mess just seconds after, John’s name on his lips, waves of seemingly endless orgasm rippling through his body, his muscles tensing as he rides his climax.
idea of what it’s like! You don’t deserve to warm his bed. He’s surrounded by people who love him and you only make him miserable!”
“–about girlfriends not being my area–”
“That was… amazing.”
It is uncharacteristic of him to not notice details but later he will think, in hindsight, that he was too distracted. That’s why he doesn’t hear the uninvited guest behind him and is fully taken by surprise when is garroted with some sort of a rope. The attacker is shorter than him but strong and agile.
She looks around and sees the usual scene: Greg Lestrade listening intently, a mix of awe and incredulity on his face while Sherlock rattles on, machine gun-like; constables and SOCOs doing their work, following
John is bewildered at Mycroft’s venomous words, but a clearer picture of what is happening forms now in his head. “So, let me get this straight… you think I moved back just to care for your brother while he recovers, then I’ll go away. Is that it?”
“Girth?”
John watches as his words slap Mycroft with an almost physical violence, how they make him flinch despite the polite and impersonal front he attempts to put on.
“But I would have to convince Dimmock to let me have access to the scene before tonight; rain is forecasted, and it will wash away any evidence that could still be collected. And he’s being particularly
“John—”
Well. Never mind that now. Apparently, Mrs Hudson is at home and has, as she is prone to, opened the door to this stranger.
“So, uh, this is where Sherlock sleeps?” John asks, not without some sort of second-hand embarrassment over the extravagant display.
Greg steps quickly forward and takes hold of John’s arm. “John, wait. Can you wait a minute?”
“The singer? I’ve heard about him. Big pop star with a sultry voice.” He was about to add
“But it’s a gift!”
“Okay… okay.” John throws the duvet back and sits up. He only hesitates a moment before walking up to Sherlock and holding him gently by a wrist, more for comfort than any actual examination. Nevertheless, John registers a (thankfully) normal body temperature. He rubs a distracted thumb over Sherlock’s smooth skin. “I know you hate hospitals and such, but we really have to rule out problems with your kidneys. I’ll take you to the surgery to check for an infection as soon as it opens, okay?”
“God,
How can Mycroft deny him this?
John reached out for Sherlock’s cheek (and oh, that he was allowed to do so nowadays still filled him with wonder), forcing him gently to turn to face John. “I’ve seen bags of thumbs, eyes in tea mugs and a severed head in the fridge. You being brilliant? You think this troubles me?”
A deep voice rumbles from a large armchair facing the stage; from his position, John can only see dark curls bouncing from the top of a head, the rest covered by the chair’s back: “Hmm, acceptable. I do enjoy it. It’s going to be good. Love the ending. Mycroft, did you like the ending?”
John hesitates at the doorway, split between the need to get out and leave this moment behind and the urge to turn around and offer platitudes to Sherlock. He takes a moment too long; Sherlock shoves past him, his shirt haphazardly thrown unbuttoned over his shoulders, hands zipping up his trousers.
“They’re
“Leave it, John.”
John pulls another chair and sits in front of Sherlock. Their knees bump.
“I can’t work like this! How am I supposed to create a beat in my head with that
Mary’s death sent everything to hell, himself included. There had been one letter already, delivered by Molly’s trembling hand. There had been a tumbling cascade of events since.
“I was reviewing the front gate’s CCTV footage,” Irene replies, “and spotted the same Land Rover driving by several times per day. The number plate was clearly visible.”
to be perfect. Our first kiss
The two men take their chairs in front of the hearth. John mulls a bit about options. “There’s some medication that could help. But, Sherlock, I’m still not comfortable in prescribing it myself, and it would be good to get new lab work before–”
“Could be a coincidence,” Sherlock replies with a tiny smirk.
He finds himself facing a full-on alert Irene Adler. “Need help, Sherlock?”
Sherlock seems unperturbed by Victor’s overt attention but replies warmly, “You see to that, Victor; that’s what I pay you for.”
As they start their descent, Ellie notices the fine layer of dust on the handrail leading upstairs. In contrast, the handrail downstairs is dust-free. In fact, the whole upper floor wafts of disuse somehow.
John is not having it. He knows he isn’t dealing with the situation well, but it is what it is and he can’t turn back the clock. “Christ, Sherlock! I’m trying to explain to you! I can’t protect you like this!” Stepping into his shoes, he turns to the door, his back to the bed, and takes a deep breath as he grips the door handle.
From the side of the stage, another man steps forward. “I don’t know. I think they weren’t all on the same eight-count –”
“I will wear something more appropriate.” Sherlock flashes him another grin and, without another word, turns around and jogs up to his flat, leaving a bewildered John rooted in place and wondering what the hell he’s doing.
Which John translates, with the help of his mental Sherlockian-English dictionary, to ‘not fine at all’. “Can you slow down? What was in the bag?”
John lets him.
John, unable to go back to sleep, hopes this means the painkillers helped. He extends a hesitant hand and brushes curls from Sherlock’s forehead.
“I wasn’t.” It’s more of a sob than a statement. “I wasn’t going to. God, Sherlock. No. God, I’m so sorry.” John is rooted on the spot, spooked like a frightened animal.
, the distasteful thought fleets through his mind but this is rapidly becoming too much, too much, too many hands, too many people. With a gasp, Sherlock makes an almost inhumane effort to release himself and drops on the floor. Fortunately, he lands on his feet, but it’s not enough: the human mass engulfs him, exhilarated by the proximity to their semi-god, fantasies of a brush with fame fulfilled. He feels pieces of his garments being ripped off his body, and his control spiralling down to nothing. He tries to breathe, but it’s too hot and too tight and the urgent gulps of air are not enough, and his vision is clouded by black spots, and–
“Yes! I might as well get to the point. Do you know who Sherlock is?”
It’s not a game anymore.
The following roar is as good an answer as anything, and as an industrial beat starts blaring from the speakers, a large screen behind the scene lights up and starts playing a video. John recognises it as the one they were filming the day they met. Sherlock tugs his scarf off, opens his coat and disrobes in one swift gesture. He rips his tear-away trousers off, the stage lighting bursts into a kaleidoscope of bright blues and greens, and the whole club gasps.
“I had perfectly good reasons to—”
Please note there is a scene in this chapter that can be classified as non-con - it's not explicit though, and not between Sherlock and John. If you think this could be potentially triggering for you, skip the section that starts with "Sherlock closes and locks the door[...]".
Good grief, is he fucking
Sherlock stomps to his music stand and goes through the ritual of preparing to play violin: the bow is tightened, rosin is applied, the violin tuned.
There is a feral glint in Sherlock’s eyes when he replies a very assertive ‘No’ and trots down the stairs.
They make unhurried love for hours, slow and soft and honey-sweet, the acceptance of the inevitable future they shape with hands and mouths, absolution and reckoning. Their names are spoken in gasps of ecstasy, in the Morse code of beating hearts, between soft sheets and sweaty bodies. There is tenderness, and embraces, and sharing and urgency and calm and
John sat up on his elbows to watch.
Sherlock remembered that his parents wanted to hold a reception in the time between the ceremony and the first counselling session.
“I remember when I married my wife - I didn’t know where she got to - I was terrified I’d mess something up. We’ve had our ups and downs but we’ve been married thirty-two years.”
“Yes,” John said. “Very—AH!—good.”
He had Sherlock help him into the bathroom. Sherlock left to get their first aid kit and John shifted anxiously. He and Sherlock hadn’t had any alone time since the case started. The last time they’d been naked together was when they’d watched porn together. John was hoping that the next time they were naked they’d progress to touching each other. He normally didn’t have a problem cleaning Sherlock’s injuries or having Sherlock clean his but now their relationship was different. John didn’t want Sherlock to see him weak or injured.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. When John didn’t say anything else he tilted his head before making his deduction face.
This wasn’t a one night stand kiss; this was something more, it had morphed into something deeper. Sherlock gasped, he couldn’t stop. He needed John. John was thrusting into him without breaking the kiss. Sherlock let his legs fall and wrapped them around John’s hips. John pulled away and they stared at each other, the only sounds their mingled breaths.
“Yes,” he said.
His hands went to his flies and in no time he had John’s hard cock out. He dove for it, taking it deep into his mouth causing John to swear.
He threw his head back when Sherlock lubed up his hand and stroked their erections together.
Sherlock was trying to get the tail unlodged. When he saw John he threw on a dressing gown and knotted it tightly around his waist.
There was a hiss in the air and the sound of leather hitting flesh and Sherlock moaned as he felt his skin on his shoulder prick. “Fifteen.” He could feel that one welt. He stretched the skin to make it burn.
“Oh, god, yes.”
for this.
“Sorry, it’s in my coat.”
“…And I’m sure I will be inadequate at first…”
"Sherlock," the creature answered.
“Never, Sherlock.” John took Sherlock’s face in hand and kissed him tenderly.
Sherlock unravelled himself, leaning over to examine John’s neck, sniff his breath, smell his hair, examine his nails, doing all that without moving enough to wake him was difficult and Sherlock carefully placed his hand between John’s legs. He noticed something interesting as he did.
Deductions?
Special thanks to
But Sherlock is taking his time, teasing himself, biting his lip, grunting, groaning, switching tabs between a blowjob, a three-way and shower sex.
It probably wouldn’t matter. After this appointment, John would probably laugh at him and call him a freak.
No kidding.
John sighed shakily when Sherlock looked up at him. Sherlock watched as John put his hand in Sherlock’s hair and tilted his head into the carding fingers.
“I feel the same,” Sherlock said. It was long overdue, their getting together. He captured John’s lips and kissed him slowly. Working John’s mouth open and tangling his tongue with his.
Mrs Hudson complained about the noise.
Despite Sherlock’s intentions, John’s attention became too much to bear.
John kissed him before saying, “I love you too.”
John released Sherlock’s penis and Sherlock didn’t think he imagined John’s reluctance to do so. John bent forward on his hands and knees, his breath hot as his mouth hovered over Sherlock’s cock. Before Sherlock could get any ideas John shimmied backwards and slid off the foot of the bed. He practically ran to the nightstand and opened it with more force than necessary. He rummaged a bit before raising his prize. He uncapped it and turned it over in his hand.
“I said, ‘I thought we were on a date.’ Alright?”
“Just get on with it,” Sherlock said, stroking his cock.
“Do you mind?” John asked, hand on his button.
Their hands were rough as they moved over his body, bits of roughened skin catching on his arm and chest hair and callouses scraping his sensitive nipples. The room was filled with the sounds of their heavy breathing and moans.
The official started talking and the Dom looked away. John took a couple breaths to try to get himself under control. He examined the man while his attention was elsewhere. He was almost strange looking but not unpleasant. Not at all unpleasant. In fact, John would say William was way out of his league.
John turned and came back with a foil packet. He was having trouble opening it.
They manoeuvred around on the bed so Sherlock was on his back with John, condom on, ready between his legs.
There were two apples left from his last grocery trip and he grabbed them. They could eat them in the cab and this way they wouldn’t be too hungry during their appointment. Plus, John’s Dom wouldn’t try to stop for sandwiches on the way back. John could beg off and wouldn’t have to rely on him to pay. He couldn’t even afford a cup of coffee right now.
When the back of his knees hit the bed John sat, then fell onto his back. He was soaked in sweat (when had that happened?) and his skin felt overheated.
Sherlock kept himself from choking by gripping John tighter and keeping his lips against his fist. John only thrust once before realizing his faux pas and letting go of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock sucked John’s glans gently and used his hand to work John through and stopped when John stepped away.
“Finally,” John gasped. He slid off to the side before spreading Sherlock’s legs and climbing back and settling between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re… wow,” John said quietly. He didn’t even seem to notice he was walking forward.
Sherlock blinked at himself in surprise. That was… a lot.
“Fuck,” John whispered, his legs shook.
Sherlock tried to take control. He took John’s face in his hand, tilting it back and found John pinning his other hand to the door by the wrist. Sherlock tried to break free but John turned him around, pushing his face against the door with his arse out, bent over, wrist pinned.
John tried to keep up. He explored Sherlock’s neck, but there was a lot of it and everything Sherlock was doing felt so good.
He needed to do something.
He could take in more this way. He could see John’s abdominal muscles work from below his stomach. How John’s erection had started leaking a puddle onto Sherlock’s stomach. How John’s muscles tightened on the way up and different ones tightened on the way down. How the muscles in John’s arms shifted, rippled. How John bit his lip and gasped whenever he hit his prostate. John rolled his hips as he sunk down and soon he was sweating. He gasped and Sherlock started raising his hips to meet John’s and soon they’d worked themselves into a rhythm.
So when John’s breathing slowed and evened out Sherlock noticed. He looked at John, the man looked so different relaxed in sleep. Sherlock examined him, updating his mind palace John of new grey hairs, wrinkles, how his eyelashes looked as the light from the television bounced off them.
“Oh,” John gasped.
After a minute Sherlock started shifting uncomfortably. John watched Sherlock’s reflection in the rear-view mirror. He opened his mouth to speak several times before thinking better of it and closing it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Talking to Sherlock was out of the question. He had an algorithm that he was very proud of that had the shortest distance walk to the most pokestops and John really didn’t want to hear about it again.
“Right about what?” he asked.
He climbed into the bed and kissed Sherlock.
They stumbled out and started waving their arms in John's direction.
Sherlock let go of John and kept walking. John was tempted to run after him to hold his hand again but reminded himself that he wasn’t twelve and was in the middle of a police station.
“I never ordered
Murray shook his head.
And then Sherlock’s nose moved up and something moist moved over his hole.
Talking
“Yes,” John said. They’d met before as she’d visited Baker Street on multiple occasions, but John was the forgettable one and he’d grown used to it.
The driver had so much command too much. John found himself following the command. He was horrified with himself. He’d accepted Sherlock as his Dom. This couldn’t be happening!
Watson sputtered but Sholto remained calm, only narrowing his eyes.
“Probably.” He really didn’t care.
“What?” John asked, breathless for a new reason.
“You. Want you,” Sherlock said. His mind was filled with static.
“I’ve been dying to ask - you’re so devoted, being a widower for so long and still wearing your ring…”
“That’s great!” John said. Molly hadn’t really gotten over Sherlock telling her he loved her. Her smiles since had been a bit watery.
Murray was on leave and he squeezed John’s upper arm in support. They were waiting for the word that the official was ready for them.
John caught his hips and held them as he asked, “You ok?” His arms shook with the effort of holding Sherlock’s hips in place.
Sherlock licked his lips. He wanted to strip John but he settled for taking off his own clothes. Naked was good, naked meant they got to have sex.
“Do you need help?” John asked.
Sherlock spread his legs further, his eyes glued to John’s large cock. It wasn’t outrageously large, but it wasn’t average, either. It was a deep dusky red, glistening with lube. He groaned when John sped up.
. They blinked, looking up at where the head would be on a Terran but all they saw there was a reflective sphere. "Need help; can't breathe," they said and took a deep breath for emphasis. The thing seemed to understand and took their hand, leading them to the wreckage of the large white thing.
“Do you need me?”
John put on his coat and went down the stairs. John’s bed had been moved in front of the door so John had to go out the back door.
“I’ll have to hide lube all over the house,” Sherlock purred, imagining it himself.
Subscribe for updates. Thanks for sticking with me. :)
believed he’d ever see Sherlock again.
And, oh, that was better. He was being shagged by two men, two army men, two muscular, blond men, sandwiched between their huge cocks…
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock said.
People were surrounding John again, holding him as he sunk to his knees. He was too late, Sherlock was dead. If he had been smarter, faster, better, maybe he would have been able to do something. Now all he had was a phone call. He’d spoken to Sherlock. He’d had a chance. But he was too slow, too stupid. He didn’t know how to talk his friend off the ledge and now Sherlock had sunk into the mud completely, a black slab of rock marking the grave. Not white, not grey, black. Because he’d died a pariah, a monster to the public, even though the real monsters sat at desks, writing headlines and collecting paycheques.
John sighed happily. He realized his hands were all over Sherlock, petting and kneading his arms. “I can’t believe I get to see you again.”
Well, that hadn’t been John’s plan. But, it would work. He had to admit it was a better plan, seeing as how Sherlock didn’t expect anything in return if he were locked up. And John would be able to keep himself in check.
Sherlock tried to push his tongue into John’s mouth, but John wasn’t having any of it. He pulled away and turned off the taps.
“Come along, John,” he said without any of his command. He’d gotten used to not using it since when he did he could make other Doms drop to their knees. He decided it was good he hadn’t, if he made John drop to his knees it might hurt him.
Mike Stamford, an old mate from Bart’s. He wanted to catch up and John decided he didn’t want to go back to his depressing bedsit. When Mike inquired about John’s living situation, John regretted his decision. Then Mike mentioned someone who was looking for a flatmate.
Sherlock’s memory caught up.
Blinking awake, John looked at Sherlock below him. “Oh, sorry.”
John chuckled. Bill released Sherlock when Sherlock felt pubic hair tickle his arse. Sherlock raised his torso, resting on his elbows so he could watch John as he started thrusting.
Sherlock blinked himself out of his head as James said, “I don’t think he’s bowing out. I think he’s losing focus.” He walked up and tilted Sherlock’s head to his. “Aren’t you?”
Sherlock even seemed to enjoy it, as if she hadn’t tried to kill John just as she’d killed his childhood friend.
Sherlock chuckled and started sliding out.
Dots… Dots…Dots… Then nothing.
“We haven’t heard from him,” Mycroft said. “But that’s expected. We won’t hear until the next phase is complete.”
Sherlock ran up the stairs to go get John. He woke him gently and when John sat up Sherlock realized John was hard.
Mycroft continued as if John hadn’t spoken. “There won’t be a funeral, this time.” He pursed his lips. “I was against even this but he insisted.”
“Show me the letters,” he demanded.
“JOHN!” he screamed as he came. He tried to maintain eye contact but he couldn’t. He was low on oxygen, he’d been aroused for too long. His eyes closed as John worked him through. Splatters hit his stomach and a drip rolled around his hip.
“Why not?”
“And yet, here I am,” John said with a smile.
John pulled Sherlock to the floor and groped him before undoing Sherlock’s laces and taking off his shoes.
It was. It was starting to fill out in Sherlock’s hand, making the rod look all the more impressive.
So he pulled back, disappeared and caused a sharp pain to blossom in Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock gasped and it seemed to take him longer than it should have to realize John was using the Wartenberg Pinwheel on his nipple. Sherlock arched off the bed, writhing.
Watson was perfect.
John had noticed (stared, really) after Sherlock when he left the ceremony. He imagined sinking between those plush cheeks, groaning as the tight passage gave way to his—
Knowing it was pointless, he hadn’t been able to come with the cock ring yet and this wouldn’t change that, Sherlock thrust into the sheets when John gave him a breather anyway. He shivered and realized he was cold. He’d been sweating without realizing it.
“Doctor Watson!”
On the cab ride home Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder.
"What is this one for?" They asked but Jawn wasn't looking. He'd moved on to another room. "Jawn!" They called trying to draw him back so he could answer their questions.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Will do,” John said happily.
He was, and he was waiting anxiously for every text. Sherlock smiled wickedly.
Sherlock dropped John on his bed and followed him down to kiss him.
But he couldn’t come. He was, somehow, too aroused. It was painful.
Sherlock didn’t know. He’d just wanted to escape. He had told the cabbie to take them to Baker Street without thinking. But they wouldn’t even have time to have tea before they needed to leave. He examined John, seeing if there was anywhere he needed or wanted to go.
John hurried out of the room and Sherlock removed the last of his clothing. He stood in his room and wondered how he should be standing when John came back. Should he just wait like this? Sit on the bed so he wasn’t towering over John? Lie down and look relaxed?
“What?” John asked.
“…I’ll do my best…”
Sherlock swallowed thickly. He shouldn’t do this, he should allow John to seek out competent partners. But he didn’t want to. He wanted John all to himself. He wanted to put a nice ring around his finger,
“Watson!” he barked. “What’s going on here?”
Still, Sherlock felt like a failure. They’d been aroused and together and yet neither of them came.
John popped to his feet, swayed and started to fall.
“Anything on?” John asked.
John knew Sherlock soaked in the praise like a cactus in a desert storm.
“If it’s too much you’re supposed to tell me!” John said angerly. He carefully checked Sherlock’s head and examined his eyes.
His own cock had filled out now that he wasn’t plastered against cold tile any longer.
The man had no interest in John, though. Through their conversation, it became clear that this Dom was only interested in his future husband.
This is the porn half of the last chapter. I wanted to write it from Sherlock’s POV
Sherlock blinked in confusion. Why was John embarrassed? He was bisexual, it was a sex scene, something most people felt attraction during, and he had a normal physical response, probably helped along by the movement of Sherlock’s feet. If anything, it should be Sherlock embarrassed because he provoked it.
Them embarking on a relationship was unwise, dangerous, it had the potential to destroy them both.
“No—” Sherlock started to deny but John cut him off.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. Really, why was that so hard to understand?
When Mycroft realized John had no idea what he was talking about his lip curled. “I told Sherlock you wouldn’t see it. My brother always had more faith in you than you deserved.”
He didn’t use any teeth but did lick. Dragging his tongue down John’s shaft. Over one testicle then the other before moving back to John’s cock, sucking it through the fabric.
“Sorry, sorry, he’s just so tight,” James said. Sherlock could feel James’ legs quake with the effort of not thrusting.
“You were planning this,” Sherlock accused.
Sherlock waited for John to move but he didn’t. He was breathing, heavily but hitched. Was something wrong?
John put on a second pair of gloves and took Sherlock’s cock into his hands. He removed the ring and looked up at Sherlock.
He turned on the mobile and called for takeout before checking for documents from his home planet. There weren't any. He reported in and read the documents the other council members had prepared for him while he was gone. There were different trade agreements and news on colony members and their adjustments to the planet. There was a proposition to release smallpox to reduce the human population that failed to pass the vote because no one was certain they couldn't contact the virus as well. He knew he'd have to do something about the overpopulation problem before one of his colleagues decided to take matters into their own hands. Mycroft noted that many things were in the works, they'd slowed research on new antibiotics and antivirals and had convinced the humans in many countries to stop vaccinating. Mycroft felt that was a better approach than some of the others, starting wars was another idea. Mycroft thought they should prevent births instead of killing those already alive and was wondering how to approach birth control in India while he scrolled through news headlines.
Sherlock pulled back and looked into John’s eyes. “Impossible.”
James pulled away and Sherlock opened his eyes.
He flipped to the front of the packet and read Sherlock’s scores. It wouldn’t be a lie and he could actually learn something from them.
She glanced over at John and saw his mouth hanging open. Before she said anything he interjected, “You’re a virgin? You? Seriously?”
Sherlock leans in first but John closes the gap, his lips pressing against Sherlock's.
The first thing on that list will be looking up John H. Watson and finding out exactly what he was getting himself into.
“Good, good. Now, carefully,
him. His sub thought he’d done well. He’d brought his sub, his John, more pleasure than anyone before.
“…Cover the bottom few inches with lube.”
The movement at his arse changed. Sherlock hadn’t been paying much attention to what James was doing; there was one finger, then two, then three. Sherlock didn’t really feel much of a stretch -- he didn’t have sex often in London, but he did have an impressive collection of dildos.
“Mrs Hudson!” he shouted again.
The doorbell rang and Sherlock wrinkled his nose. He was trying to catch a particularly obnoxious Oddish so he could get the candy to evolve his Gloom. John must have fixed the bell. He would have to dismantle it again.
Nothing.
"Jawn," their Terran answered distractedly.
for the beta. Go check out her fics!
Oh no. Oh no!
“What?” John asked, nonplussed.
Sherlock looked stunned, and John took the expression as a good sign. Since he didn’t look repulsed or embarrassed, John continued, “I know you’re married to your work. I don’t know if you said that because you’re not interested in me, or if you’re just not interested in a relationship. Either way, it doesn’t matter. While you were dead, my biggest regret was that you didn’t know, that you’d never know. Nothing has to change between us. I—”
“How close are you?” John asked.
Sherlock made desperate sounds as he sucked John’s cock. John could hear the lube squelch in his other hand, the buzz of the massager and it was music to John’s ears.
A sniffle.
“Watch the house,” Sherlock reminded him.
Then John was gone.
John was shaking as he lined himself up and Sherlock pulled John close.
John burrowed his face into Sherlock’s back and let out a happy sigh.
Well, Sherlock wasn’t going to tell John to be quiet. He rather liked hearing him gasp, moan and shout below him. And when he screamed it made Sherlock’s toes curl.
“Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it,” Sherlock said as he walked away.
"Right," John said and opened his mouth to say more but changed his mind. This discussion could happen at a later time. "Right." John made an about-face and went to find his crewmen.
John stormed out of the house.
John climbs off of Sherlock but doesn’t go far. There will be explanations later… many, many explanations. Right now they have better things to do with their mouths.
Before Sherlock could ask Watson to take him somewhere private, a taller blond man came up.
“Mrs Hudson!” he shouted, aghast.
Sherlock didn’t want him to change out of his uniform but it would be easier for him to focus if John did.
“It is dangerous,” Sherlock conceded.
“Uh,” John said. He wasn’t sure he wanted to do this now. Was Sherlock having him on? Was this all some sort of experiment or test or something?
With each second of John’s silence, Sherlock looked more and more distressed. He tried to hide it, but John could tell.
Sherlock wanted that too.
He walked as he dragged the wheel knowing the pressure changed with each of his steps. He dragged the wheel up Sherlock’s midline not deviating and heading to his nipple like he was expecting. John went up Sherlock’s neck, over his chin, watching the individual pins across the sensitive skin of his lips. Sherlock shivered, as John ran over Sherlock’s cheekbone several times.
“Two, three,” hit above and below the last one. Sherlock didn’t even feel pleasure from the plug. Only pain as the cane hit him. He whimpered.
“Do you need me to be rough?”
John bit down and Sherlock yelped.
“Boring,” Sherlock said. “I’ve already solved two cases relating to paintings and I detest repetition.”
This one was Chopin.
Sherlock’s hands shook as he did.
The counsellor handed them each a folder before sitting in the other armchair. Sherlock opened his immediately and John looked to the counsellor to see if he should do the same. She didn’t look disapproving so John decided to open his as well. Half of the folder had handouts, John flipped through those quickly, seeing pamphlets on safe sex, safe words and consent, resources for abuse and other standard things. The other side of the folder was much more interesting. His profile was on top, his scores on the cover page with pages stapled below them. John figured they were his limits and sexual profile. He didn’t check because there was a similar stapled packet below his with
“You don’t have to.”
He couldn’t do it! He couldn’t hold them back and get to Sherlock. It started raining, washing the blood down the street. God, there was so much blood.
“I want you to dominate me,” John said.
John blushed. It wasn’t his most manly habit, but his girlfriends seemed to appreciate it.
John moved Sherlock’s wrists above his head and pressed them into the mattress, a silent order to keep them there. “I think we’ll use the riding crop next. You like it. Twenty strokes, yeah?”
Sherlock shivered and smiled wickedly. John thought he heard him say, “mine,” under his breath. He undid John’s trousers and pulled his cock out of his pants. Sherlock was doing nothing to arouse John, none of his movements were unnecessary, but being the centre of Sherlock’s attention—especially when Sherlock had
John just panted. Sherlock had just licked his arsehole!
He’d make John pay for making him wait like this. He’d keep John on edge for hours, torturing him with pleasure until he was incoherent. Only then would Sherlock take the cage off and, if John didn’t come immediately, Sherlock would keep him on edge for another hour before letting him come.
The thing ran to Sherloc and Sherloc noticed it had writing on it like they'd seen on the rover Mycroft had let them play with on their last visit to this planet. Of course, then they'd had their original form and had been a bit giddy with all the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Sherloc wasn't feeling giddy now.
Sherlock felt the sting on his other upper thigh. “Twenty-four,” he counted. The last blow landed on his testicles. Sherlock’s back arched as a high-pitched cry was ripped from him. “Twenty-five!” He felt sick.
Sherlock knelt beside John and carefully wiped the tears from his eyes.
John’s brain screeched to a halt.
“And, Mrs Turner said that she’d talk to the other neighbours if we grew her some tomatoes.”
“Bloody hell, Harry,” John was reeling. The siblings didn’t have the best relationship and he knew the divorce was hard on his sister (even though she was the one who started proceedings) and of course she was always more difficult when she’d been drinking but this was unreal.
John looked down to see his flesh pushed out around the bars. His cock was trying to get hard but couldn’t. He saw a bead of clear fluid drip from the top.
John felt pinned by his gaze.
"On the planet's surface," John responded and stood to see if he could find their spacecraft. Even though the suit was heated he was starting to get cold. He saw half their craft on the horizon and... What was that?
“Tea!” He said loudly and marched to the loo.
He’d seen the scars, the physical tokens from Sherlock’s trip to Serbia. He understood that Sherlock had been restrained, had been beaten before. So, he was surprised when Sherlock said he wanted John to dominate him.
“Need you to sign for this,” the teenager said.
Sherlock didn’t understand why John seemed surprised. He dismissed it, rapped on the separator and had John give his address.
And now, he’d been injured, again. Because of Sherlock, again. If Sherlock hadn’t gone in there blind John wouldn’t have had to take the metaphorical bullet. What if it was a real bullet next time?
for the beta on this chapter! <3
Sherlock went back to John’s arse, dragging his tongue in a circle around the plug in John’s hole.
“I’m fine,” he said flatly. Once it looked like John wasn’t going to have a panic attack he said, “I quite enjoyed myself. I just need to call my brother. I lied to James when I said I contacted him.”
John gave up and rang off.
Sherlock closed his eyes to give himself some space.
John’s ring caught one of the lights in the lab and Sherlock had to wrap his fingers around the base of his cock in order to stave off his orgasm.
“Oh, God!” Sherlock just managed not to flinch away.
The man pulled out a lighter shaped like a gun.
Sherlock groaned. Oh, that felt good.
Sherlock was livid with himself. He should have known better! He knew John had been abandoned. He should have tempered his command. Made it a one on the scale instead of going full out. Then he’d have fulfilled the counsellor’s request and wouldn’t have put John at risk. How could he have been so stupid? This was primary school stuff!
Sherlock smiled softly.
“Ohhh…” Sherlock moaned.
“Why? You won’t come.”
Sherlock shrieked. Oh, that was interesting.
Desperate to deduce something Sherlock leaned forward, resting his forearms on the door, his hands turned so they weren’t reaching into the car.
Sherlock couldn’t read John’s face. It looked as if he was upset. The only thing John could be upset about was him. He thought the sex was fantastic, though. Did John hate it?
Sherlock fell like a puppet that strings were cut. He endured it as the wheel ran circles around the sensitive flesh, as it ran back and forth, until no part his flesh wasn’t hot and sporting little red marks.
"Yeah, well over here they don't care much. They've been on the line with the Chinese and the Russians all day trying to pool resources for the next launch window." There was muffled shouting before the American man said, "Shit. Somebody told the news. This is getting out of hand. You'd better report to your government, looks like Watson survived. Hope you got a good rest on the ride back, you're in for a hell of a welcome back."
“I found your stupid missiles; Colonel Moran is selling them. Get me out of this hell hole.”
Sherlock was disappointed. He knew John wouldn’t up the count and more pleasure was coming so he begged, “Please, John, the crop, I need it. The last one, make it good.” He was having trouble stringing together coherent sentences.
Four, five and six all rained down the other side of his back. He barely had time to say the numbers before eight and nine hit against his arse. Ten struck a little lower, right over the crease, he’d feel that as he walked for the next few days. Instead of saying the number he groaned in ecstasy.
“Sherlock,” John said in a low hissing voice.
The cab pulled up to the kerb and Sherlock left John to pay. John pulled out his billfold. He knew full well that he didn’t have a pound to his name but he thought he should at least act as he did. He opened the wallet, the lie of forgetting his bank card already on his tongue when Sherlock’s bank card fell out.
“Living arrangements,” she said. “We recommend that the couple live with each other. It makes it easy to fulfil the time requirement.”
John had been attentive recently. Almost needy. And he’d licked his lips when that new male crime scene tech bent over. Whatever compunctions he had regarding his “not gay” bisexuality he was getting over. Sherlock had even noticed a few of those looks directed his way.
John stood in front of Sherlock’s closed door and knocked.
“He says he’s on
“Mycroft!” John shouted as the man slid out the door. The noise did nothing to stop Mycroft but did wake his daughter.
His new Dom, William, was tall, pale with long dark curly hair and intense silver eyes.
He was jolted out by John shifting around on the couch. He opened an eye in irritation to glare at his flatmate and saw that John was flushed. Sherlock could hear the noises from the tv, fake sex sounds. He nudged John with his feet to try and get him to settle down so Sherlock could go back to the important work of thinking. This seemed to make John shift more and Sherlock upped his efforts. This had gone on for nearly a minute when his foot hit something.
John chuckled at his antics before shucking the trousers and pants off.
John stared at him. Traditionally the first command was to have the sub kneel. But maybe his Dom noticed that he had a cane and was trying to come up with something different. The thought made John hopeful, if he’d been matched with a thoughtful Dom it’d make life a lot easier.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said honestly. At John’s obvious confusion he decided he needed to spell it out. “All those interviews Janine gave were revenge. She made stuff up for money. Bought a house out in Sussex with it.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Yeah, he’s always like that,” Mike said with a wry smile.
As soon as he could lower his arms he grabbed John’s hips and swallowed him down.
“I just can’t believe this is happening. It doesn’t seem real,” John said.
“God, I am an idiot.”
“So?” John demanded.
“John?” a deep voice called from within the flat.
John nearly screamed as he came.
“I love you, too,” John said.
“I thought we could go out for dinner,” John said.
John pushed him away and Sherlock sat up reluctantly. He carefully arranged his towel over his erection. John noticed and whatever he wanted to say was lost.
“Um… well…”
The door opened again and John’s tread was buoyant on the stairs. He was excited about something. Sherlock figured he was excited to get the cock cage off. After a week he must be frustrated, John usually masturbated once a day if he didn’t already have an orgasm that day. It was why Sherlock was so careful to make John come as often as he could. John needed sex.
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked, finally giving in and calling Mycroft.
“God, John,” Sherlock moaned. He reached up and pulled John down for a kiss.
Thanks for reading <3
“You planned this,” John accused.
Sherlock winced when John pulled out and he felt moisture leak out of him onto his coat.
There was a rough hand on his cock and Sherlock opened his eyes to see John’s tongue poking out from between his lips. His eyes were filled with fire.
“Ten, eleven, twelve,” hit across his calves. He thanked his dom silently for spreading out the pain. It’d make it easier to move around and sit in the morning.
Sherlock willed his fluttering lashes open and met John’s eyes.
John waited anxiously. He’d looked up marriage ceremonies so he knew what to expect but he was worried about his new Dom. He’d been peeked in on by an older female Dom (he assumed she was the mother of his future Dom) she’d claimed she’d gotten lost but John knew better. He took comfort in the softness in her expression. He thought she approved.
John just laughed and walked into the bathroom.
James hissed and thrust his hips.
Sherlock nuzzled the top of John’s head. He was content.
Sherlock went to the lab, took off his scarf and coat and fiddled with the microscope. It was the lab where they’d met, Sherlock couldn’t think of a more important place for his life. Here, he’d met the love of his life.
Plus, John had proposed to Mary in a restaurant.
Sherlock pulled his head back down to his neck to shut him up.
Sherlock glared and tried to protest, but he was once again thwarted by James’ tongue.
After the service he didn’t have a chance to ask, and John didn’t want to corner her at the wake. He was just wondering how inappropriate it would be if he went snooping when her niece came up to him.
“Not quite, it actually matches my eyes.”
“Look at me,” John said.
Sherlock didn’t need to ask what John meant. John was holding the blanket Sherlock had gotten for his daughter. He had to have found the stash Sherlock had of things for her.
Mycroft had said Terrans breathed oxygen, not carbon dioxide, and that's why he needed a special suit. Their home planet had roughly the same percentage of oxygen as Terra. Though, he thought there was something else about the air too… Wasn’t there?
Which would be useful if he were planning on having sex with John. Which he wasn’t.
It made John shiver.
Sherlock reclaimed John’s mouth and John felt dizzy. He grabbed onto Sherlock’s bare back, trying hard not to claw it and not succeeding. God, he was a good kisser.
The device he turns into is always different and John, although annoyed that this happens at all, finds he likes to guess what he’ll turn into next. If he has to live with a curse anyway then he might as well find a way to gain some entertainment from it. This time it’s a laptop. He hadn’t guessed laptop, but he almost never guesses right. He sits there, waiting to turn back. He’s never sure when he’ll turn back but it’s usually about five minutes.
Sorry about not post, I ran out of meds and had to see the doctor and when I don't have meds I can't do anything, let alone write.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped.
“I need to use the toilet. Are you almost done?”
John started moving, thrusting with him.
John was livid. “Sherlock Holmes is a bloody saint compared to you lot,” John hissed quietly, trying not to make a scene. He glared at the man before stalking to the elevator.
“I don’t want to ruin these trousers.”
"Murdered," the creature said in a surprisingly deep baritone.
“Sorry,” she said.
Yeah, I messed up. 1000 words into the chapter I realized it was supposed to be from John’s POV but I’m not rewriting at this stage so sorry, if I decide to go back and edit I’ll do it over. :P
Hands were on Sherlock’s legs and his arse was lifted. Sherlock’s sweaty back clung to the carpet as James held Sherlock’s hips and John lined up. Sherlock’s legs were too tired to do anything other than dangle on each side of John’s body. Bill held Sherlock’s wrists to prevent him from reaching for his cock and watched.
A moist tongue licked up his crack from perineum to tailbone.
Sherlock looked up. If he was mad that John had given him instructions he didn’t give any indication. He wrapped his large hand around John’s cock and worked it while saying,
John handed the lube over to his superior and walked up to Sherlock, who’d leaned slightly forward in anticipation. He held his cock in front of Sherlock’s face and Sherlock stuck his tongue out, giving it a little lick.
John had been at it for minutes, how many John didn’t know, it felt like ages that he had focused on his right side.
“No, go
Sherloc was having trouble keeping their thoughts straight. The lettering rolled in front of their eyes and they read,
Sherlock had thought John had accepted him as his Dom. But, apparently not. If he had he could have shaken the other man off despite the force of his order since it conflicted with Sherlock’s.
John guided Sherlock so he was bent over the edge of the bed, his nearly purple cock trapped in soft cotton sheets. After a brief argument, John took the pair of Lestrade’s handcuffs that Sherlock had stolen and locked Sherlock’s hands behind his back. He put a small but long butt plug in, with the placement Sherlock knew it’d drag over his sensitive prostate with every strike.
When John was nice and open Sherlock used his tongue to lick out the lube. He wanted it all gone, he wanted to taste John and only John before he fucked him. It wasn’t the best system and Sherlock decided to make a seal with his lips and suck.
When their eyes met, Sherlock’s widened in surprise. John was looking at him in a way no one had ever looked at him before. He didn’t recognize the emotion but it made his chest feel odd.
“There you are,” he said and took the seat across.
“But—”
“Wrong?” John asked.
It sounded like Sherlock was blaming himself and John opened his mouth to disagree but Sherlock placed his finger over John’s lips.
John blinked and tried to place the voice, he
“Table,” Sherlock said.
Pressure on his groin got his attention. John was stroking him through his trousers.
He took Sherlock’s cock in his hand and wrapped his mouth around the head. He groaned, Sherlock had been using strawberry flavoured lubricant and it was surprisingly delicious.
Sherlock recoiled as if he’d been slapped. “You’re not going to stop this? I’ve been matched. Can’t you tell them I’ve already collared a sub or that I’m unsuitable?”
When John straddled him Sherlock reached out and stroked John erection.
Thankfully the man let him go after a few more threats. John wasn’t sure what he would have done if the Dom had tried to do more than that. It was obvious the man had some training, not as much as John but enough that he wasn’t helpless. It would have been a difficult fight and John was happy to avoid it. Even though he’d had to endure the man’s touch.
“You’re going to think me silly, but I swear you’re my soulmate,” John said.
"Shouldn't we contact the council before sentencing a breeder to death?"
John ran and petted Sherlock’s curls. He ran his fingers over Sherlock’s lips, meeting his wild eyes.
Still looking for a beta. If you're interested let me know.
Sherlock wanted to tease John, to play with him in his cage and John wanted that too so he didn’t allow it.
“Sounding,” John said watching Sherlock’s reaction closely.
she said the pronoun with venom, “don’t expect this offer to come up again.”
collar around John’s neck. He wanted all of John all to himself. “No,” he said again.
“Oh, my god!” John gasped.
“I’ll have some of my network help us. Take the things for donation and whatnot,” Sherlock said.
You can yell at me about it on twitter @gizmotrinket or on tumblr @theartone
“Let’s get cleaned up, yeah?”
Suddenly, Sherlock was gone.
A&E took hours and while Sherlock waited John nodded off twice.
“Not for sure,” Sherlock said.
“And The Woman?” John asked, refusing to be deterred.
Therefore, John was naked sooner than Sherlock was. It wasn’t bad for Sherlock’s plan, John was thoroughly distracted. The problem was that Sherlock was starting to get self-conscious. He knew he wasn’t traditionally attractive, his features a little too sharp and alien for most people. Those who were able to look past that lost interest at his caustic personality.
Sherlock just smiled in response.
The rings were provided by the government, copper adjustable things that didn’t make a full circle.
John still didn’t understand.
Sherlock didn’t look at him, he just hung his head and rested on his elbows.
“God, look at you,” John gasped. Sherlock was red from his face all the way down his chest.
When John said no like that it meant no. He wasn’t going to change his mind.
“I’m sure the cat had his rabies vaccination,” John argued.
Sherlock tried to stay awake but John took him upstairs and put him to bed. He hadn’t slept at all during the case where John had stolen a nap whenever he could. John knew Sherlock had some plan for John in his cage so he didn’t take the keys from Sherlock’s neck.
I'm on twitter @gizmotrinket221
“You’ll come by to check on the place every once in a while, won’t you?”
Sherlock looked up at Murray.
“This isn’t working,” John said.
“She’ll need a live-in nurse if she wants to stay in her home,” John said.
“Really?” he asked.
Liar.
John woke, yawning widely. He was firmly entangled in the clutches of his favourite creature, the Sherloctopus. John was fairly certain he’d never tell Sherlock his little nickname for him when he cuddled because then the cuddling might stop and he wanted it to continue. He didn’t have nightmares when he fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms. He felt safe.
"I hear you, Watson," one of the scientists said.
What Sherlock hadn’t expected was how fun the game was and how much he enjoyed playing it. He was drawn in.
“We haven’t even started them yet!” Sherlock protested.
Bill tried to pull away and Sherlock aborted his attempt to get John to touch his cock and forced Bill back to his neck. He turned his head to the side and James was waiting for him. After a quick snog he was assured that everyone was fixated on him and he focused on John again.
“Daddy!”
John swallowed thickly. “No.”
And Sherlock is searching gay porn.
“Hold still for me,” John ordered and started dragging a feather over Sherlock’s skin. He started at the tip of Sherlock’s right hand, brushing over the pads of his fingers before dragging along the backs of Sherlock’s hands. He flicked the feather against Sherlock’s wrist, just above the ribbon. Sherlock inhaled sharply but didn’t flinch.
“Yeah? You always call when you need something. What is it this time? I don’t have the money to pay you back if that’s what you’re after.” She sniffed and added snidely, “Even though you said you didn’t expect it back.”
John snorted. Though he found no argument and was happy to sit and take a nap while Sherlock watched what was obviously a deserted house.
Oh, god, Sherlock was dropping. John had never had a Dom drop on him.
John was standing at the end of the cot. Sherlock bent forward on his knees, wrapped one hand around the end of the cot and the other around John’s cock. He started working his hand up and down while working the spot under the glans with his tongue. The condom slid around John’s cock awkwardly but Sherlock was now used to the taste. He created a seal with his lips and, while keeping his tongue and hand moving, he sucked, slurping around the condom.
“I’m clean, tested regularly. You haven’t been tested since Mary and we know she was unfaithful.”
Special thanks to
Watson said with a wry smile.
“I’m not taking her side, I just—”
She took a seat and seemed to gather her thoughts.
John hurried home to put the plans in motion.
The door swung open and there was Sherlock, button-down shirt wrinkled, trousers and pants shoved halfway down his thighs.
Sherlock dithered around the two before getting frustrated. "I don't know what will hurt him."
“I’m sorry I wasn’t.”
I changed the name to something less American. This is what happens when I just post without betaing or even taking a day to edit!
“Budge up,” Bill said, patting Sherlock’s back.
And Sherlock relaxed further. John was clearly looking out for him. Nothing horrible would happen. He’d deduced this, he knew this. John cared about people; he wasn’t cruel and he didn’t like seeing people hurt, a deduction Sherlock had factored in subconsciously. Sherlock had been looking for a bit of rough sex and had decided on John, thought he was perfect. Sherlock wanted rough, not to be abused.
, pull it half-way out,” John said.
John smiled back at him and then was tackled and pushed onto his back. He looked up just in time to turn his head for a messy kiss. John allowed Sherlock to take control. He was swept up in Sherlock’s passion. Sherlock kissed and nibbled and stroked and groped and John just tried to hold on for the ride.
With a fast motion, the cabbie’s hand moved and Sherlock felt a sharp stab in his arm. He reeled backwards, seeing a hypodermic needle, the plunger pressed all the way down. Sherlock yanked it out and threw it from his body. Too slow, his reactions were normally exceptional, but he’d had too much wine and the orgasm didn’t help.
“Sherlock, finally! I’ve got a weird one.”
He wiggled back, trying to get his legs under him so he could kneel up and talk face to face about what to do next when he heard John’s giggle.
"Yes, and they'll send them faster if there are survivors."
“I’m going to take a shower,” John announced. He let Sherlock go and crawled off the bed.
It was bad enough that his profile was now in the government’s matching system. He’d been granted an out while he was in the military. Subs were owned by the military while they served and even though they weren’t (officially) sexually serviced the orders were enough to keep a sub both physically and mentally healthy.
They chatted. Mrs Hudson’s sister was doing poorly, and Mrs Hudson wanted John’s medical opinion on the different treatment options.
“There’s a limit? I thought this was heaven.”
“John,” Sherlock wheezed. “You’re crushing me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John instead said, “Well, I’ve been busy. I do have a daughter and Sherlock does his own thing. It’s not unusual for him not to contact me for weeks.”
“Ah, ah, ah, fuck, ah,” James gasped.
“Nothing,” John lied.
An orange envelope.
John mewled and precome leaked out of his slit.
“Yes,” John said. He looked wary.
He couldn’t stop though, not now, not until John told him to.
And the man couldn’t get more irritating. He was so graceful he seemed to glide as he walked and his long coat billowed out around those legs.
There was a knock on the door, and John could see Sherlock through the glass.
He slid forward. He needed more of John. But he lost some of the dildo, he slid back to get it but then he lost some of John. Sherlock started rocking, forward and back, forward and back, the dildo sliding in and out, rubbing his prostate, John’s cock sliding in and out, pressing on his tongue and throat.
Long chapter
“Please,” Sherlock said.
John had come untouched.
Just as well, Sherlock consoled himself, he hadn’t cleaned his crop after using it on that corpse.
Condoms… Sherlock had some but he wasn’t sure they were within expiry date.
After Angelo’s, he started a fire and serenaded John with his violin.
John went stiff and bristled in Sherlock’s arms. The Woman just texted him.
Thumbs brushed Sherlock’s nipples and Sherlock moaned. He hadn’t been expecting the move. Somehow his eyes had closed. He opened them and saw his sub towering over him, tongue peeking out and pupils blown.
“Greedy,” John said and kissed Sherlock’s knee.
“What?” Sherlock said.
“Tell me?” Sherlock asked. Definitely not proposing then.
“It’s a tent.”
John laid Sherlock out on his front and said, “I’m going to get some cream and some more water. I’ll be right back pet. Ok?”
John brushed a finger over Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock moaned and pushed into the contact. John wanted him to come untouched though so he took his finger away quickly.
This omega smelt like… sun after a spring rain. He still had a sweet base note, but it wasn’t cloying.
