“I don’t mean to imply I consider women as consolation prize! It’s just that… I never got the chance to explore… Oh God, I’m making a hash of it, am I?”
“Let’s go then,” he replied before striding away, resolving to pickpocket John’s phone at the earliest opportunity.
It would be the right thing to do. She should be happy with the friendship and the camaraderie she already had and not hoping for more whenever she met Irene’s green gaze.
When everything was over, when dust has settled again at 221b, the sun setting as if nothing has changed, as if your world hasn’t been turned upside down, you found yourself on your own.
“Oh, please. It would be very unfair of me to deprive the other players of this particular laurel wreath,” Mycroft retorted, deadpan.
He nudged the door of the 221b open, wondering how he could get his hand on another mobile without arousing suspicion of the criminals who might keep an eye on him, when a small packet on the kitchen table attracted his attention. He moved closer. A handwritten message was lying upon it.
She knew that the longer she was standing here, under Sherlock’s ever attentive gaze, the more she was giving herself away. No doubt her flatmate could read in the angry line of her jaw, her refusal to meet her eyes all the feelings she has stubbornly ignored until now.
If the copper was going to act defensively, asking him in his “Don’t talk nonsense to me” voice – Mycroft was loath to admit it, but he always got a bit hard whenever he got the opportunity to hear Gregory barking commands – what he was doing here, fine then. He would get up, put on his best Iceman mask and go back to his flat, where he could privately nurse his wounded hope.
“Because, at this time of the year,” John mimicked the receptionist’s voice, “we have been lucky to find a room which was still free when we arrived here?”
’s front window though. He wasn’t looking at the shop sign – a cheerful little bee, which was smiling brightly at the passers-by, inviting them to enter the pub and taste Ross’ honey-based drinks and other concoctions.
Having recovered a bit of serenity, he comfortably leaned back against his chair and waited for Mrs Dubusson’s tale.
It was a young man – a teenager, really. He stared at John with a little knowing smile on his lips, as if he kept a secret John was unaware of. He shrugged.
“Oh hush, let me speak! I know it’s not real, okay? I mean…” Greg released Mycroft’s arm but he didn’t seem to have noticed, standing still. “Can you just imagine someone like him coming to my home and… standing there?”
He went directly upstairs, in his room, doing his best to ignore the shivers still racking his frame as well as the unsettling feeling his discovery at the garden this morning has left him. He unlocked the little safe where he kept a few of his belongings as his passport and grasped his old Browning. He checked that the gun was still loaded, his fingers lovingly stroking the cold steel, before putting it in his holster. John instantly felt a bit better.
Sherlock was grinning like the great prat he was, enjoying without a doubt his discomfiture. John decided that he was going to retaliate as soon as possible. After all, all was fair in love and war.
was truly alarming, because if he lost his friends, where would he be? If he failed to keep their company, if he found himself once again as the loner, the one who was dismissed, excluded from all the get-togethers at St Clare’s, the one who never received any invitation to a birthday party.
Hope you all enjoyed the story - and special thanks to my dear PatPrecieux! I really hope you like this :)
But, at least, when he was a child, he could allow himself to show some rudeness. He didn’t have to play nice
“A problem other than knowing way too much information about you and Les… Oh, I can’t even say his name, it’s too awful!!”
It certainly seemed like it when you opened the flat’s door and found John on the landing, a suitcase at his feet and an anxious little smile on his lips.
Sherlock’s big hands on his ass, his clever, nimble fingers creeping downwards, exploring every secret of his intimacy, rubbing the sensitive skin there, teasing him until John couldn’t stand anymore…
“What were you thinking of just now?” he whispered in John’s ear, his voice a weapon of mass destruction, setting fire on John’s remaining nerves. “Tell me, John, what do you fantasize about when you’re stroking yourself in your bed?”
He didn’t think about it too long – he hastened to hit the corresponding numbers on the numeric keypad. The screen lit up as he entered the code, bloody figures casting a red glow on the black box.
Feeling a bit stronger in his resolve, John opened his eyes again. He has obviously missed the rest of the discussion between Poshy and Ross, since both men were parting on a reluctant nod before Mycroft walked out of the
He glanced at John. They haven’t talked much since the arrest of the suspect. Partly since Lestrade has insisted that they fulfilled some necessary – and very tedious – formalities before they could finally get out of the police’s clutches; Partly because Sherlock for once found himself at a loss for words.
“It’s fine that you love my voice. I love yours too. Or the fact that you love every second spent with me. I do love it too. In fact, I… I love you, John.”
She raised a trembling hand towards Joan until her fingertips brushed against her cheekbone. Joan fought the temptation to lean into the unexpected touch and held her breath.
He instinctively reacted, grasping the stiff material in his fingers and yanking it towards him. He only wanted to make Sherlock look at him, but he hasn’t counted on his own strength or on his date’s lapse of concentration. John found himself standing on tiptoe, nearly nose to nose with Sherlock, his laughter dying in his throat.
She shook her head. This time, she wouldn’t give Sherlock the opportunity to derail their discussion. She would stay focused.
In spite of the last message – “Challenge accepted” – John has thought he would never hear again of SH.
The blue string around the flowers caught his eye. When smelling the chlorine he has first thought of Moriarty. Quite logical after all – he has been John’s abductor and torturer, tormenting him psychologically before forcing him to put on the Semtex vest.
“In the same way as the persons in charge of the decoration, I think,” Sherlock retorted, eyeing with a growing disgust the scene in front of him.
The pregnant cat mention is a reference to Mottlemoth's and green_violin_bow's adorable story "Grandcats,Mine" that you can find here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13887771
He swallowed heavily. Every time he told himself he should text Sherlock “Sorry, I can’t” or some similar bullshit, he thought of the man’s persistency in sending him messages, giving him random glimpses in his life.
He let out a loud laugh, remembering those first days of divorced/once again bachelor life, when he has been determined to enjoy one night stands while keeping an absolute freedom.
John suddenly let out a strangled sound, clearing his throat awkwardly afterwards and Sherlock frowned.
He hesitated. He knew what he would like to ask Irene – he has tried to egg her in that direction for months now…
He may mean it as an affectionate comeback, a sentence worthy of some melodramatic finale, when the comrades-in-arms get reunited at last. But John can only hear the raw desperation of his voice. The unintended cruelty hiding in that question hits him like a ton of bricks and John finds himself suddenly stripped of every mask, every façade he could ever hope to put on. He lets out a broken sob. His legs give way, he stumbles against the rim of the bathtub. He barely feels the sharp pain in his kneecap, his mind, his heart struggling with the sudden grief and incomprehension.
And before he could stop himself – Harry’s voice started laughing in his head – he heard himself uttering “Listen…”
He dared peeking at her and smothered a laugh just in time – Harry looked completely poleaxed, as if someone has pulled the rug out from under her feet.
He cried for what he has lost, for what could have happened, for the life he has shared with the man he was still in love with, for all the possibilities which died with Sherlock, when he fell to his death.
He could already imagine Helene, Dave and the others laughing their heads off while sending him a text.
Joan tuned her out. She dodged Sherlock’s outstretched hand in a vain attempt to keep her at arm’s length. She wrapped instead delicate fingers around Sherlock’s arm, dragging her gently along until the other woman had no other choice but to sit down.
“Don’t try to lie to me, Sir,” Anthea said, softly shaking her head. “Or should I remind you you taught me very well in this regard? I thought not.”
“Don't worry, Detective Inspector, I won’t hold you any longer.” She waved at Mycroft from the antechamber. “He’s all yours now!”
The way your eyes focused on me when I gave you my phone, the way your mouth briefly crinkled into a smile.
“Donovan. Never a pleasure to see you.” Sherlock stood up, his face becoming more and more closed-off as he was facing the Yarders.
How has this stranger known his name? How could he have quoted so perfectly Sherlock’s words to him? How was he so well informed?
“You were right, you know,” she said before giving a stunned Irene a quick kiss on the mouth. “You can be rather sweet when you want to be.”
“Don’t worry, you’re not the only one!” Hussein replied. “Of course, right now, it’s only at the planning stage, but we hope that the town council will support us…”
“Don’t worry, it’s just a scratch. I’ve endured worse,” she said, remembering her broken ankle when she has once fallen down the stairs in pursuit of a suspect.
It seemed his sister was right, as he caught Mycroft eyeing him up and down before hastily turning away. Greg concealed a smile on his own, enjoying the opportunity to brush against the perfectly-dressed vision on the pretext of reaching out for the cupboard where the plates were stored.
It was the most natural thing in the world to put both hands around John’s dear, beloved face, to watch the sudden shift in his attitude.
“I could bend you right now on the first surface available and you would let me take you, wouldn’t you John?”
But this feeling was nothing compared to the sizzling hot rush spreading across his whole body when Anthea added, with a perfectly sweet smile
“When I came in earlier and you spotted me on the landing, you were downright annoyed. You didn’t expect me back so soon and you didn’t intend to let me know where you were going with this piece of shit, is that right?”
“Oh hush John, my doctor said I need to take exercise,” she replied, hobbling in the flat before perching on the edge of a seat, while John closed the door behind her and relieved her of the crutches. “Besides, my sister is driving me spare, I’m more and more tempted to strangle her. I definitely need some time off!”
However, as time went on and John’s life got even enmeshed in Sherlock’s until he wasn’t sure any more if he got really a life on his own or if he was just here to answer Sherlock’s call, following blindly into their next adventure, he realized Greg has not been way off the mark.
He muffled the little voice in his mind, which sounded a lot like Harry’s, trying to turn him into a doubting Thomas about everything Sherlock has told him and he simply let himself falling under the spell of this night.
She turned on her heels, feeling completely lost. Her anger has disappeared, leaving only in its wake intense weariness and the certainty of having shown her hand far too much.
“I know!”, John brutally snapped, his anguished voice echoing around them. He ran both hands through his short hair, turning it even more spiked than it already was. It would have been an endearing sight under other circumstances, Sherlock thought. Right now, he just felt numb, as if he was teetering on the edge of a ravine, ready to fall down. What a fool he has been. So sure that what he was feeling was mutual, that John was only waiting for a move, a clue, a sign…
Greg looked away, dejected. How could he have misread to such an extent all the signs, he truly didn’t know, but he had to face the facts – far from turning this lovely illusion on, it was feeling repelled by what he was saying.
“Come on, Greg interrupted him, trying to get up without looking like he weighed a thousand tons (as he was feeling right now), “that’s no way to address the man you’ve kissed last night, is it?”
You were left speechless, your whole body trembling with apprehension and fear – Mary’s ghost rising from its ashes, all your past mistakes coming back to haunt you, oh Sherlock, what have you done?
idiots. It’s a cross we have to bear, poor lonely geniuses that we are. I strongly advise you to work on your poker face and to learn how to state things a bit more… diplomatically if you want to pursue the career in the detective work you seem so keen on.”
Sherlock looked nonplussed at John. Irene was expecting him to deliver a harsh answer, shooting down Former Soldier’s hope at the same time. But what she got was quite different – Sherlock’s ears turned red and John’s smile got wider.
“I want to suck you off at a crime scene, when you’re finished spouting your deductions and impressing everyone with your brilliance. I want to be on my knees before you, my hands trembling because you look so put-together, almost inaccessible. But you won’t be, Sherlock, not for me, will you?”
A screech of pure despair has echoed then in the flat – Mrs Hudson has been so badly startled she has dropped her whole porcelain tea set on the floor, which resulted in two weeks of silently furious landlady and no offerings of any kind for the 221b.
No, wait, his mind screamed at him. Think about it for a minute – that’s not logical! Why would they wait so long before getting in touch with him?
Weeping cocks sliding against each other, tongues lavishly licking into their mouths… They couldn’t last. And when John felt Sherlock’s middle finger stroking and probing his entrance, he quickly retorted “Do it. I want you to.”
It was one of his favourites, a well-used memory of one of his sexual encounters when he had been on leave. He has pulled her at the bar, a waitress called Jane who has set his senses and his cock on fire with her flirty smiles and even more flirty comments.
Afterwards, the phone has remained silent. And John has impatiently waited, his mind lost in a feverish haze at the idea that in few hours, he and Sherlock will meet again. Even the hard, cold voice whispering in his ear, hinting at the very real threat posed by the former Moriarty’s network could not deter him.
After fumbling with the too many options of the phone – hello again, depressing thought – he finally understood what has set off the alarm.
He was surprised to find out that her voice, even as sarcastic as it might reveal itself to be, filled him with a quiet joy. Like he was still a child, following blindly in his big sister’s footsteps, ready to believe anything she might say to him.
“Fancy seeing you here,” Paul went on, a teasing glint in his baby blue gaze. “You still haven’t decided to move out of this pub?”
He didn’t know what Anderson has done to deserve such a harsh judgement, but one thing was sure – he wouldn’t like to be in his shoes.
She had no idea why Sherlock was so convinced she stood a chance with her, should Irene ever ask her out.
Sherlock didn’t reply. John could just imagine him at that moment, looking intently at the door between them.
“Oh, shut up, you fucker,” he mumbled, giving him the finger before stumbling along in his way to the kitchen.
John’s heartbeat, already elevated after his running after Sherlock, got even higher when his friend took a step forward, closing the gap between them, and leaned in.
The bartender rolled his eyes, grumbling under his breath – “not playing Cupid, honestly!” – before glancing back at John.
“Don’t be silly,” Sherlock said against his skin, his hand still a warm weight around John’s hard, weeping cock. Damned. He has been so close…
To think that at this moment he could have been safely ensconced in his armchair, within the walls of their flat, bickering with Sherlock over his own New Year’s plan (he didn’t have any, except for spending it at 221b, but he hasn’t told Sherlock yet) and secretly loving each minute of it while pretending to huff and puff faced with Sherlock’s arguments – “Why would you bother going out for overpriced meals and a few fireworks, hum?”
“Spare me. You’re only sorry you got caught. If I had not turned round just in time to catch you out calling me like this in front of Dimmock, you would have pretended it hasn’t happened.”
A physical pull he was struggling against, never admitting its existence even when he was alone with his thoughts.
“I’m sorry, Irene, really sorry! I didn’t think you were here for your work and… It’s only when I saw Sherlock’s face that I became aware… Gosh, why should I always put my foot in it!”
And Sherlock was enjoying them, raising a dark eyebrow, always ready to retort something which would send Joan into fits of laughter.
Could she tell? Has her supposed gaydar pinged suddenly in John’s presence, warning her that her coward of a little brother, after having repeatedly ignored Sherlock’s gaze on him, has finally decided to get in touch with him?
The chances of that happening were slim to none and both of them knew it. Without ever turning round, thanks to a mirror judiciously hung up on the wall, Mycroft saw in Mr Smith’s hunched shoulders and weak reply – “Of course, Sir” - the confirmation that he was perfectly aware that he has displeased his employer.
Sherlock had snarled then he had already mastered these skills, thank you very much. Of course it had been a brazen lie and Mycroft knew it, the smug bastard.
And if he wanted to get in touch with him – his heart leapt at this idea – why would he have done so in such a confusing way?
Ross’ cheerful voice startled him, making him jump on his seat. The bartender raised his bushy eyebrows before clicking his tongue.
An existence where he could develop his skills to their full extent, where he could be looked upon with surprise and a bit of awe.
It took John several seconds to understand. When he finally did, he didn't even try to stop the big, goofy smile creasing his lips.
Why should you let someone in your mind, your heart? Why should you become attached to one person when you already know how it would end?
Something about that name clicked into place in Sherlock’s mind. He has come across that name before.
And on a lighter note, the case I describe in this chapter is based on this article - http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/art/news/mona-lisa-smile-based-on-his-gay-lover-claims-leonardo-da-vinci-art-historian-a6993951.html
It struck him as a very weird idea. Even when he was a child, living in a house with a garden, he didn’t remember any of his parents gardening. Hell, he couldn’t even remember his Dad mowing the lawn.
And it wasn’t the best idea at this moment. He should have endured the trip in silence and waited until they were safely ensconced in Baker Street.
Time for a second attempt. He waited for the train’s next stop – “Notting Hill Gate. Please mind the gap” – before repeating in a more pleading tone “Sher…”
Sherlock was lost. He wasn’t even aware that he was moving until he felt the wall of a nearby house against the hand he has put on John’s head, stroking his hair.
She felt her friend taking a deep breath before letting out a great sigh. She got free and walked away so suddenly Joan couldn’t help but feeling bereft.
John bit his lower lip, praying that whichever deity willing to hear him would give him a helping hand.
Sherlock abruptly turned his head, taken by surprise by John’s soft voice as much by the warm hand the doctor has just put on his. He has done it twice now, Sherlock absentmindedly thought, his attention focused on his friend’s face.
The most aggravating fact in this whole mess was that he couldn’t read John anymore. Every little modulation in his voice, every glance he shot at Sherlock when he thought he couldn’t see him, every little change in his routine has turned as muddy as the Thames on a rainy day.
It didn't matter. Sherlock's gaze was shining with a softness that John could only hope would appear more often when they'll be together.
A wave of absolute horror washed over the detective as he finally understood who has been called “a bastard”.
“The Fibonacci sequence,” Sherlock guessed without missing a beat. He didn’t miss either the admiring glance John shot his way. He pursed his mouth – could the solution to their own mystery be so obvious? As arrogant Serge Dubusson appeared to be, Sherlock didn’t see why this man would opt for such facility, especially since his sister was certainly aware of Leonardo’s love story with numbers and maths. What was the
No, Sherlock mused, in order to find a clue, he had to turn away from all knowledge related to Da Vinci and to look elsewhere.
He has never believed in this kind of perfect, time-stopping moments like one saw only in cheesy romantic movies, when the hero finally spotted his one and only, crowd parting just in time for him to glimpse her, light shining on her lovely fair hair.
“Oh, do stop with the puppy eyes!” Ross mutters, checking at a glance that nobody around the bar needed him. He started giving the counter an unnecessary wipe. John didn’t dare moving a muscle, hanging on Ross’ words.
They've also shared adventures, their laughter ringing in London's streets, full of excitement and sense of achievement.
His unexpected friend, the flatmate who was always there, nudging him into eating, taking care of him.
He put both hands on Sherlock’s backside, stroking the firm globes before squeezing them. And before Sherlock could say “Cheater” again, he started.
During a fleeting moment, the memory of a dark heated gaze danced before him while a warm voice whispered in his ear
“Mister Holmes,” a female voice said, “if you’re quite finished playing with our precious small-scale models, can I ask you to come to my office right now? It’s getting late and we’ve quite a few things to discuss.”
“Why… Oh for fuck’s sake, how many times do I have to tell you not to go through my things?” John said, his previous worry turning to annoyance. “There’s such a thing as privacy, you know!”
He was already looking up in his admirer’s direction when he remembered one of the few rules he has enforced for himself shortly after leaving home and coming here in London.
Heat bloomed again in his cheeks. He had to look like an overripe tomato at this point, but still John carried on.
His mind, a formidable weapon still being honed thanks to his endless curiosity, wasn’t getting muddled up by feelings which were as inconvenient as they were relentless.
“Well, with a bit of luck, we might both now enjoy a free evening! The last one before New Year’s Eve in fact.” She turned to him, a teasing smile creasing her lips. “So, what should be tonight’s programme, Sir? Perfecting your already flawless Korean for next month’s official visit? Taking part in a chess online tournament?”
“No, no, no! I can’t talk to you right now!” Sherlock cut him off, his voice booming indignantly in the receiver. Mycroft immediately took the phone away from his ear, pulling a wry face. He knew that his brother’s manners were not quite up to the mark, but to reply in such a way…
She sneaked a look at Sherlock, hoping to see her wink, to read on her face some sign that this wasn’t real. That it was some setup for a case she wasn’t aware of yet.
With an inarticulate cry he flung away the little bouquet, as memories of being taken hostage by Moriarty – being reduced to nothing but a pawn in the cat-and-mouse game Moriarty was playing with Sherlock – came back to him.
If the price to pay for what he has always wanted was loneliness and even rejection by Sally and others, it was okay, Sherlock mused. He could bear it.
Truth was, he wanted to be here. He wanted to watch Gregory waking up, to read on his face whether he still remembered what happened between them last night.
Of the very promise I’ve made after we hugged (again), breaking the silence of what was once again our flat.
I'm afraid what was intended as a short, funny story at the beginning might end up being quite a little longer than expected... So, my apologies, dear readers, Muse had a mind of its own, it seems!
He looked up and down the street but no black, posh car was in sight. Not that he expected one, in truth.
A tremulous smile, followed by “I swear, I’ve got a whole speech prepared but… I don’t think I can…”
He opened his eyes again, torn once again between the burning desire to believe that Gregory has opened his heart to him, that he truly wanted what he has told Mycroft and the much more pragmatic voice whispering in his ear that he was truly stupid if he trusted a man’s drunken declarations.
“Don’t you think that during all this time, you had ample opportunity to simply go and talk to him, hum?” Ross mercilessly went on. “It wasn’t as if he was never looking at you…”
This particular thorn has finally turned into something softer. Smoother. Something I can live with, something I can be proud of. A glow which refuses to be dimmed even when I relapse, hating myself for all the things I’ve done. A warmth kindled by your smile, this newfound gentleness I find so addictive and of which I just can’t get enough.
“Oh please,” Sherlock instinctively retorted. “He has already been through much worse as far as I’m concerned. I should tell you the night when…”
He took a moment to collect his thoughts before fishing his mobile from his pocket. He was going to have a bill shock when he received his monthly invoice, John thought with wry amusement, as he was speed-dialling Greg’s number.
Mycroft snorted at this, being naturally reminded of the laughter Anthea and him had shared over Trump’s latest tweet.
He turned his palm up, catching John’s fingers in his before he could pull back and giving them a small squeeze.
“Why? Why did you keep me in the dark? I never said “no” when you needed help, even when your sister was involved! You know how much I love…”
A loud thump behind the closed door brought him back to the present reality – which was turning out to be very complicated indeed, if Sherlock persisted in refusing to hear him out.
Sherlock smirked before switching off his phone. He seemed to have touched a sore spot of his associate with this deduction.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John frowning at Mrs Dubusson before looking away. He felt hope fluttering his delicate wings in his chest, knowing that, regardless of the true nature of his feelings concerning Sherlock, John always kept a jealous watch over him.
He didn’t pay any attention to the room’s general decoration, from the colour on the walls to the little, tastefully-framed paintings, each one depicting the peaceful beauty of the Loire Valley. His whole attention was instead focused on the bed in the middle of the room. A very large bed, the receptionist has said, he remembered, feeling a fiercely ironic laugh bubbling in his throat. Well, he wasn’t aware of the French standards as regards the length – and especially the width – of beds, but he would never have considered the one under his eyes as very large.
He has just finished typing “Nothing ever happens to me” – the only sentence he could think of and wasn’t it a depressing thought? – when his mobile chimed. John frowned. He wasn’t yet quite used to Harry’s gift – or hand-me-down, more likely.
"I thought it was one of those little games your friends loved to play with me. Like when we were both at the
“I’m afraid diplomacy and tolerance have never been Serge’s strong suit. You see, he has always resented me for being an “anomaly”, as he said. In his mind, people like me shouldn’t be allowed to exist. As soon as I became aware that I was born in the wrong body, I wasn’t shy of speaking about it and my brother couldn’t bear it. Therefore, he decided to punish me. For instance, he took great delight in proving me wrong or bringing me down every time he could. It wasn’t very surprising then I ended up holding him in abhorrence and distancing myself from him as soon as possible.”
“Oh no, dear Doctor. I’m flirting with you. Wooing, courting you, telling you how dear you’ve become to me. You deserve to hear every little thing I’ve ever thought about you – How I love hearing you sing in the shower, even if your voice is frankly atrocious…”
Sherlock smiled without any restraint. He must look like a bloody fool, but right now he didn’t care.
John wasn’t the man to ignore such a golden opportunity when it fell right into his lap. He looked up and smiled at Will, who blinked in return.
“And how do you know that?” he retorted, a teasing smile blooming on his lips. “Let me guess – you already got my new computer hacked, didn’t you?”
He heard Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath behind him and couldn’t help but looking over his shoulder and give him a saucy grin.
But, in deference to Sherlock’s feelings, which were certainly very different from her own, and to their friendship, Joan has repressed every thrill, every shiver which has racked without mercy her frame when she met Sherlock’s gaze a little too long or when they brushed against each other in the cramped space of the flat’s kitchen.
Who has brought the question as regards Sherlock’s sexuality out into the open and aroused Joan’s jealousy.
Oh God. What was he doing exactly? He immediately took a step back, babbling “I’m sorry, I thought you… I didn’t realize that you weren’t…”
John and his friends weren’t here anymore, Sherlock knew it. He simply observed these strangers, feeling more and more disconnected from them. A wall seemed to have been built between him and any other form of life, and it didn’t matter how much Sherlock was reaching out, trying to fit somehow in this crowd, trying to find a place where he could belong, he remained alone. Being kept isolated from this life, this canvas which obstinately rejected his advances.
John suddenly pictured the three of them around a table – the sweet Mrs Hudson with a tray in her hands, a mangy cat meowing around her ankles and finally, a tall, dark –
And then she saw her. Chestnut hair piled into a high bun, a light make-up which set off her deep brown eyes and a black trouser suit which made her ass perfectly mouth-watering – Molly Hooper was stunning.
His heart was pounding in his chest and despite the slightly cold weather, he felt himself working up a sweat.
Lestrade let out a weary sigh, running a nervous hand in his already greying hair. Sherlock could already guess what the sergeant would say and so decided to spare him this effort.
He was about to join his madman of a friend when he felt his mobile vibrating in his pocket. He pulled out the phone, looking at the message he just received.
And wasn’t it intriguing? John thought. To be the one to uncover this mystery, to be able to strip Sherlock of all his shields, to see his true face…
Sherlock gritted his teeth. He wasn’t very surprised to realize he was feeling a very strong empathy with this woman. While he couldn’t be usually bothered to show some sympathy for the victims he was listening on – tears and kind words have never helped solving the cases, after all – there always have been exceptions.
Her impulsive question was followed by a few seconds of silence. Just when Joan was starting to get unnerved – why did she have to ask this? – Sherlock suddenly let out a booming laugh. Even though Joan secretly loved this sound, a sure sign that Sherlock was trusting her enough to let her guard down around her, it now grated on her nerves.
,” he said, emphasizing these two words and not missing the shiver running down Sherlock’s spine when he heard these, “you have a mystery to solve.”
He could hold his liquor, after all. No problem, he snorted, trying to get up from the very comfortable, a bit misshapen blue sofa taking up half the place in his living room. After a few unsuccessful minutes during which his legs were apparently wobbling for no reason, he finally managed to stand up, shooting a victorious grin at the small statuette which has gained a place of honour on the shelf after Greg’s last moving.
“Okay, then. And what are you doing here, exactly? Because somehow I don’t think you’re here just for the fun of it…”
’s owner was referring to his past use of drugs – and how could he know that?? – but when he looked up, he saw Ross glancing quite obviously in John’s direction. He felt himself flushing and he instinctively snapped:
His palms were clammy with sweat, but for once, he didn’t think of wiping them on his trousers. He ran them instead through his wild hair – a visit to the hairdresser was long overdue, but would John like him with short hair?
It didn’t happen very often – in fact he could count on one hand the number of times this particular feeling occurred – but Sherlock could admit he was bemused by the short man walking alongside him.
Mycroft was finally forced to admit his defeat. It wasn’t the first time he has been obliged to do so, but it was certainly one of his harshest failures.
His budding excitement and arousal swiftly disappeared, being replaced with embarrassment and growing anguish.
He reached out for the drawer, getting the lube and a condom. John’s arousal jumped into triple time when he heard the slick sounds of Sherlock working his hand over his cock before putting on the condom; It has been so long since he has bottomed, he would be lying if he told himself he wasn’t nervous. But he trusted Sherlock to make him feel good – a trust as instinctive as it was deep, taking root in everything which happened this night.
Irene briefly closed her eyes – what a disaster! – before turning her head and greeting the newcomer.
He felt all his guards, all the masks he would more or less willingly put on dropping at his feet. He was opening up, laying himself bare to this man’s gaze.
Instead, he forced himself to wait, examining carefully the little blue flowers. This time Mrs Hudson’s botanic knowledge won’t be needed, he thought. He could at least recognize forget-me-nots when he saw them.
“You’re in luck, then,” Anthea replied with an amused quirk of her full lips. “One little signature at the bottom of this one… Very well done, Sir, I’ve always admired the way you finish signing with such a flourish, it really suits the “minor position in the government” character, you know…”
Or perhaps it was the thought which has started to take shape in his mind – a thought which made his heart constrict and pulse hard in his chest.
The wonder washing across John’s features – which counted among John’s expressions Sherlock loved the best – strongly contrasted with Mrs Dubusson’s renewed calm.
Neatly tied with a piece of blue string, the bouquet also included a “Get Well Soon!” card. John noticed it hasn’t been put together by a florist – that much was obvious, with the lack of plastic wrapping. The flowers have been chosen and assembled with care, but it was still amateur work.
“I want you completely naked on your bed,” he said, licking Sherlock’s feverish skin before stealing another heated kiss. “You will lie spread-eagled, blindfolded, already trembling because you don’t know what to expect.”
An amused glint gleamed in Sherlock’s gaze before he pulled back just enough so that each movement of his lips grazed John’s fingers as he asked
John has barely set foot in the tea hut when he heard “I think your landlady got herself a secret admirer!”
John tried to sigh as discreetly as he could and glanced at the timer set on each table. Still three minutes to go.
“True,” he admitted in a rough voice. “But I do not intend to deceive you, Will. Not tonight. Not ever, if you let me.”
He stared at the message – this confession, he thought. Gosh. He couldn’t really leave this unanswered, could he?
He stared at her with an intensity which would have left her a stuttering, red-faced mess months ago.
Gosh. He was completely gone on this man. Sherlock could have undressed him, layer after layer, in this cab and he wouldn’t have uttered a word of protest.
He can’t breathe. He can’t think. Surely he must be hallucinating the whole thing, there’s no other explanation.
“Breaking news – #CopperKiller arrested! Our reporter awaiting @NewScotlandYard official report. According to some sources, help of @ContactSH has been invaluable.”
How, when Harry finally stopped speaking, the silence engulfed them, shivers running down Johnny’s spine. It was his turn, his opportunity, he shouldn’t let Harry down, Harry who was watching him, her dark gaze begging him to tell them, tell them and…
“Oh! Sorry, I was lost in…Never mind. How can I help you, gentlemen?” Will asked, looking at Mike before his gaze flicked over John, who bit the inside of his cheek to avoid saying the first (and completely unsuitable, at least in public) answer which came to his mind.
What nobody imagined – or at least, if they did, they were carefully keeping it to themselves – was the fact that Anthea and himself were both queer.
“Only if I was allowed to chat up women and if you could go wild on the dance floor. In full drag, of course.”
He was looking for a thrilling life, full of mysteries to be solved, a life where his cleverness and his quick-fire deductions would be more than tolerated – they would be encouraged.
lower than that! – John fisted both hands in Sherlock’s coat, pulling him down until this damned luscious mouth of Sherlock was within his reach and managed to completely lose himself in the heated, hungry, bruising kiss which ensued.
John couldn’t stop himself asking “How so?” even if hearing Moriarty’s name filled him with a heady mix of disgust and fear.
Pupils dilated, Sherlock replied in a soft voice “Show me your breasts. You have no idea how much I have fantasized about them.”
And even if she was drowning into a sensual haze, her body starved for physical connection, arching up into Sherlock’s firmer touch, Joan realized they didn’t have to rush this.
Arms crossed over her chest, Sherlock has lapsed into a sullen silence, which only succeeded in enraging Joan further.
And with this final chapter, it's also the end of my foray into fanfiction writing. It has been a real blast and I can't thank you all enough for your support & interest in my works. The Johnlock and Mystrade communities really are wonderful!
Sherlock drew back, one hand on John’s hip, the other aligning his cock before pushing in slowly. John gritted his teeth before doing his best to relax. He heard himself moaning and Sherlock answered in kind, each one lost in pleasure. He pumped his cock slowly in and out – a delicious torture which made John’s fingers clenching the blanket, his open mouth letting out incoherent sounds. He has forgotten how much he loved being in this position, vulnerable and incredibly powerful at the same time.
When she was younger – and a lot more naïve – she has made the mistake of falling in love with a university friend. Irene couldn’t help but cringing when she remembered how the girl, after she has not so subtly tested the waters, has shot her down.
How he has whined about it, not realizing how important it was for his sister – “Seriously, Harry, we went through it a thousand times! Give me a break!”
“Come with me,” Sherlock whispered to John and he automatically obeyed, following him till a quieter alley. The London night atmosphere was growing around them, roaring with colour and life, but here, in this narrow path, where they could only see a sliver of sky above their heads, they seemed to have entered a quiet, peaceful bubble. Something intangible, which nevertheless managed to soothe John’s frayed nerves.
To think that he has been so terribly afraid he has only listened to the voice in his head “Don’t watch them, they don’t matter” while such a man has been staring at him all along…
John turned his head away, looking down at his drink. As usual, the thought that his not-so-secret admirer was back and was probably already watching him, perched on one of the high stools near the front window as he was wont to do, filled him with a completely paradoxical mix of elation and annoyance.
The affection in Mrs Dubusson’s gaze was shining so brightly Sherlock finally looked away, not so much affected by the intimacy between the two women than by the prospect of never experiencing it with the man he was pining for. He shook his head. Now was not the time to entertain such thoughts, not when there was a mystery to solve and…
As he scrolled down, the “Contact” link suddenly popped up off the page and he hastened to click on it… only to become mesmerized by the photo appearing on the screen.
He finally let the tears streaming down his face, cleansing him of every time he didn’t allow himself to express his grief. Every time someone (“
He shot what he hoped was his typical Wanna-have-a-good-time-now? smile at Mycroft but considering how his face abruptly shut down, his attempt didn’t turn out to be very successful.
Let me, Joan thought, before tilting up her head, capturing first Sherlock’s upper lip between her own, then releasing her and doing the same to the lower lip.
He didn’t intend to kill anyone – he wasn’t stupid enough to think that he could get away with murder, even with Greg’s eventual support – but neither did he want to be unarmed when the time has come to fight for his life.
No such luck, yet. It seemed that John has definitely lost his not so secret admirer. And this loss was starting to bother him immensely.
Mycroft was still seated on his worn-out sofa, looking completely out of his depth and adorably concerned at the same time. Sherlock’s brother peered at him with a slight frown, before a light flush spread across his pale skin. He looked away.
“I’m… sorry for your loss,” he went on, wondering how the stranger on the other end of the line would react. Whatever he expected, it wasn’t “My loss?” followed by “Oh, you mean the cat!”
He didn’t dare saying it aloud. Irrationally afraid that Greg was going to laugh at him, mock him for saying that he wanted a…
Sherlock hauled him up, John hastening to find a foothold until he could sit on the wall’s top. He was ready to let himself fall on the other side, following Sherlock blindly as usual, but the detective didn’t let him go, tightening his grip on John’s hand.
He concealed the mobile in his pocket just in time – John looked back at him, a small smile still on his face. He didn’t say anything else, but he didn’t need to after all.
Great. Sherlock was about to ring off, frustrated with himself and the DI, when the other man started to ramble on.
“Very well, Mister Holmes. As I was saying, I’m sure you’re a very busy man, so I’ll be brief. This pub is my territory and I don’t allow anyone to harass my clients, whether they’re family or not.”
She has plastered a smile on her face – she had to keep up appearances after all – but inside she was fuming.
Playing with her hot pink, heart-shaped invitation card, Irene whispered “It could have been worse, mind you.”
Mycroft shook his head, ruthlessly chasing away this particular remembrance as well as any stupid, idiotic, completely imbecile hope Greg’s foolish words might have aroused.
Hearing once again Greg’s soft, heated voice, each of his words ringing true and engraving itself on Mycroft’s heart.
Acting on an impulse he refused to examine at the moment, John got up, grabbed his dressing gown and dashed downstairs. He only had eyes for the two objects on the coffee table – the little wooden car and the bouquet of forget-me-nots that he has finally arranged in a vase after some hesitation.
John gave a snort of laughter, memories of his shared childhood with Harry stirring through his mind.
He wasn’t really one to complain about the seemingly never-ending mountain of forms, permissions and other very formal as well as utterly dull documents to be filled in and signed, but every man had its limits and Mycroft Holmes felt he was entitled to some whining before he finally complied with the many rules governing the British bureaucracy.
I should have known that the wonder I felt when you started deciphering on the spot everything which could be known about me, finding so easily the key to all the riddles I’ve kept for myself, this very wonder was only the beginning.
There, all done. Time to turn back to his blog – not that he was very inspired, but Ella has said to…
Mycroft’s heart would stop racing in his chest whenever he glimpsed this dark gaze or heard this slightly rough voice.
The feeling of being finally naked, his intimacy exposed to Sherlock’s gaze… It should have been frightening. John has never been totally at ease with his former lovers, preferring to take the lead and taking them apart in an attempt to preserve himself. And he has always succeeded in doing so. Why was it so different with Sherlock?
“You’ll pay for this, you know,” Sherlock darkly muttered as he tried to delete as quickly as possible the frankly horrifying vision which has sprung to his mind as soon as he heard John’s words. John shot him an unrepentant grin.
It was completely absurd and crazy, he should have been panicking instead of laughing his head off with the sister he has just seen again after years but it felt much too good to stop right now. It seemed to John that months of silence, years of agonizing over what he was, what he wanted were crumbling to dust just before his eyes.
Sherlock felt more than he saw John turning slightly his head in his direction, as if he was striving to offer his help to Sherlock but didn’t know how to do it.
The first thought popping into his mind was that Sherlock was sorry for what has nearly happened between them.
He could hear over and over again the door slamming in his mind, a sound as sharp as gunfire, his relationship with his sister the only victim of this attack, their bond killed right on the spot.
“Focusing your lovely attention on anyone who isn’t me,” Sherlock retorted with an amused glance. “That’s what you’re doing. And it’s completely unacceptable.”
They became friends. Or at least Molly became one of the lucky few gravitating around the duo. Good, reliable Molly, who succeeded in smuggling body parts for Sherlock’s experiments – “You’re spoiling him, Molly!” “Oh hush, Irene!” – or laughed when Irene was reminiscing about their university days, becoming sometimes so confident that she didn’t hesitate to tease the other woman.
"Listen, I know I've been a coward. I acted like a dick, truly. I've ignored you, I've played with you and... I'm not proud of what I've done. Truth was... I didn't want to admit what I was. What I am."
Joh, who has stopped dating six months ago, who has glanced at him more and more frequently before suddenly stopping meeting his eye.
Sherlock must have felt his unease. How could he be already so attuned to his moods? He felt a wave of deep affection –
Suddenly, Jane’s heavy breasts bouncing up and down as he canted his hips below her, establishing a fast and furious rhythm, vanished, leaving behind a flat, slim chest.
Without any surprise, the trip to Egypt has been the final nail in the coffin of his marriage to Pam. They broke up a few days later, Greg fleeing their house in Lambeth and taking Bes with him as a very concrete reminder never to let himself be trapped into a relationship again.
“Yes, you silly man. It’s all true,” he softly said, planting a gentle kiss on his lover’s cheek. “Now what do you say, hum? Should we be husband and... husband?”
A loud clink made him look up – Ross was putting the full glasses on a tray, shooting him a puzzled look in the process. John felt his cheeks burning with embarrassment.
He was getting so worked up about his short-lived oversight he nearly missed Sherlock’s answer, spoken in a velvety voice which left him in a flutter.
Walking out of the garden, he clutched the piece of paper in his hand. He was burning with the desire to call immediately the number thus obtained. To think that he might hear Sherlock’s voice, obtaining the definite proof that he was alive… It hurt him so much to restrain himself from doing so, it was almost a physical ache. But John couldn’t forget the young man’s warning about being seen.
Without a doubt, John thought, while making some indistinct noise which might be interpreted like he was commiserating with the young woman in front of him. It was obvious she still wasn’t over her last break-up and while John could feel some sympathy for her – been there, done that after all – he wasn’t here to offer her a shoulder to cry on.
She smiled at the thought of the stranger realising that Sherlock wasn’t likely to swoon over the case he has brought to her attention. Neither would her lovely face – in Joan’s perfectly biased opinion – lose what she has dubbed her “Ice Queen” mask.
He must look like a madman, talking to himself, heart already racing furiously in his chest but he didn’t care. His computer was apparently in a good mood today and a little while after John found himself typing “Sherlock Holmes” in the Google bar with trembling fingers.
He had never seen the 221b looking so neat and tidy. Everything was in its place – cups in the drawer, telly remote put on the coffee table, next to yesterday’s newspaper, carefully folded.
Mrs Dubusson started to get up from her chair - “Well, in this case, I’ll go up and fetch it” – and John was already offering his help, when the office’s door banged open. Another woman came suddenly in, carrying in her arms a screaming child. She flashed a smile of apology to Sherlock and John but her attention was focused on Mrs Dubusson.
She could hear faint squishing sounds. The only lamp in the room cast her light on her lover, revealing her milky white skin and the wet traces on the inside of her thighs.
“In that case,” he replied, pulling a slight booklet out of his pocket, “how come he isn’t mentioned in the document here?”
She was babbling, not looking at Joan in the eye, arms rigidly alongside her body. But all Joan could see was the dark flush across her face.
Sherlock remained frozen during a few seconds before clasping Joan in her arms and kissing her back with a heady mix of enthusiasm and inexperience.
John was staring at him, unable to turn his head away, even if he was sure that Sherlock would be able to read him like an open book. The detective watched him for a moment, his warm breath wafting over John’s face, his eyes shining with an yet-unseen emotion.
He felt straight away a twinge of remorse when he saw the distress in her eyes. Mrs Hudson has always been an active person – up at first light, taking part in a myriad of social activities and clubs without speaking of her regular visits to her sister.
John promised himself that once he has caught Mister-I-can’t-hear-you-right-now, he would have a few words to say to him.
He didn’t know how to say all this without giving himself away though and furious against himself, he sharply replied
In return, I hurt your feelings whenever I could. Seducing women, marrying Mary, loudly claiming “I’m not gay!” and pretending not to notice your silence afterwards.
The Clos Lucé’s garden was really a beautiful place. Thanks to the lights spread out all over the gentle slope, he could see beautiful flower beds, a river wounding its way over them as lovely wooden bridges were stepping across the water. The perfect place for a romantic moonlit stroll, he thought, except from the weird, enigmatic machines whose presence was even more emphasized by the spotlights trained on them.
He hasn’t left the army behind him only to become dependent on another human being, interesting and special as it seemed to be.
John took a deep breath. Now that he had everything at his disposal to finally solve the mystery which has dodged him for several days now, he felt strangely reluctant to take this last step.
Mycroft had raised an eyebrow, examining him from head to toe – an inspection which didn’t impress John in the least, having built up a large tolerance to this kind of gaze, thanks to Sherlock.
John has closed the discussion with a “Shut up Greg!” sharper than he intended and Lestrade has let it drop, never raising the issue again, but from that moment on, his words have been engraved on John’s memory.
“Sherlock, I was only away for half an hour at the most that day. When I came back, you already were two sheets to the wind.”
In spite of his increasing annoyance at his bastard of a best friend, John had to admit the DI has played it perfectly. No doubt his soon-to-be husband has briefed him beforehand.
“To tell you the truth,” Greg started, his face gradually closing off, “I could really use Sherlock’s help right now.”
He hasn’t intended it to sound so flirty. But Greg couldn’t question the fact that seeing Mycroft’s gaze darkening in front of him was a most
John closed his eyes. He didn’t want to follow this path again, didn’t he? But how to interpret differently everything which has happened, then?
A sharp trill of his mobile brought him back to reality. He pulled the phone out of his pocket, the message icon flashing on the screen. Sherlock groaned. He already knew what it was about or from whom it came. At least, he thought not without some irony, he hasn’t lost completely his deduction capacities as far as John wasn’t concerned.
That’s how he found himself looking right into the eyes of the man who has never stopped watching him.
“John is… I’ve never seen him so devastated. He put on his façade of brave soldier, but everyone can see how much he is hurting. You…”
Or rather, as his subconscious was taking a malicious pleasure in whispering in his ear, he could imagine all too well.
Finally caving in and throwing an old bone to the mangy cur after it has whined and begged long enough at your door…
“Well, you’re not very talkative yourself. Or do you only speak when you’re given the permission to do so, Captain?”
Nor was he sneering (for once) at the over-the-top slogans already celebrating Valentine’s Day – “Be my honey…bee!” and other similar silliness.
“Yeah, right,” John softly said before clearing his throat and pasting on a smile. “Lead the way, then!”
It was only later, when he laid sprawled on his sofa, amusing himself with the news headlines about the Copper Killer – he was even mentioned in some of them! He should send them to Mycroft – that he discovered he has one unread text on his mobile.
Dark bark, twisted trunk, the tree had an aura of majesty and eternity around him, as if it could still live a whole hundred years. And thanks to the information John has gleaned on the web, it was perfectly plausible. He gave it a small smile, as if the yew tree was an ally upon he could rely in his quest to find Sherlock.
Despite her resolve to remain as tight-lipped as Sherlock about her “date”, Joan couldn’t help but say “He has really done a number on you.”
When he was waiting for John to give his final statement to the DI, he has wondered why this ordinary-looking man, with his patched-up old leather jacket, a blue jumper that Sherlock’s dad would not have disowned, grey-blond hair which didn’t seem to know the benefit of conditioner, has succeeded where all the others – including some of the most seductive men Sherlock had ever the pleasure to meet – have failed.
John was strong enough to keep silent when they finally succeeded in getting out of Angelo’s friendly clutches. Doing his best to ignore the laugh bubbling up inside him, he tried to keep a straight face. You can do this, Watson, he thought, not betraying how endearingly amusing he found Sherlock with his red cheeks and…
She walked to Sherlock, still babbling about Lestrade and DNA traces, and grabbed her face between her hands.
All of them barely concealing, under a veneer of mockery, their fear and unease when they were coming face to face with Mycroft “You will do as I say” Holmes.
They passed in front of a plot of land so exuberant with flowers and tall grass it almost looked unkempt.
A bonus chapter for my dear PatPrecieux, who inspired Muse with this great idea. Of course I couldn't resist then!
The inspiration came to him in a flash. He tried to type as quickly as possible his message with trembling fingers.
“And one more paper to sign…” Anthea said before putting the document on his desk, right in front of him.
“No need to get stroppy with me, young man,” she berated him, making him feel like a scolded four-year old. “I know you’re a very good doctor, but I don’t expect you to know everything, especially as regards botany.”
John who has declared “having missed dearly his presence”. John who has apparently done a research about him, since he has found his number. John, who wanted to see him again.
“Next time, then? I’m game if you are,” John promptly replied, hoping to hide his sudden fit of nerves under a bland voice. Sherlock gently chuckled and John remembered he couldn’t conceal anything from this man.
Joan gaped at her before pushing Sherlock away. She took a few steps back – it was better for them both if they remained apart from each other at this moment.
No wonder Hussein and the others were joking about a secret admirer. However, John knew better. The person who has left this bouquet was the same who has slipped earlier in the week the wooden little car, with “J.H.W” carved on it, in his mailbox. He would have staked his life on it.
Irene winced when she remembered their attempt at apprehending the suspect. In retrospect, she could see they haven’t been subtle enough. When Sherlock and she have entered the room again, they have spotted right away the so called barman, cajoling the young woman into following him out of the building. They have tried to look unconcerned while coming closer to the bar, but the man has glimpsed them and become alarmed. Dropping all pretence, Irene has rushed in his direction, but he has swiftly reacted, pushing the young woman off her stool and sending her sprawling against Irene. She has been unable to stop herself falling, crashing to the ground and hurting herself in the process.
Sherlock abruptly fell silent, finally closing his eyes when John reached out for him, his shaking hands lightly stroking, touching the pale skin. The anger which has sustained him, the relief he has felt when he has deduced the phone number, every feeling which has racked his soul since he saw Sherlock falling disappeared, leaving only the brilliant, pure confirmation that Sherlock was alive.
As he glanced up at her, trying to remember Jane’s features, the black messy cloud of her hair around her face turned into a mass of curls. Her smile became a smirk.
John glanced at him one last time, an expression of such intensity on his beloved face Sherlock was completely mesmerized.
Even Lestrade has thought so, until John has spilt the beans about his feelings concerning Sherlock during one of their pub nights, leaving the DI completely gobsmacked.
But you… I remember. I remember every word, every line “Afghanistan or Iraq?”, every deduction you made afterwards about Harry.
He has no way to be certain, but he could have sworn that Sherlock has said those words with a wink.
Her heart in her mouth, Molly saw her raising her glass to her lips. Her first impulse was to cry out and warn the woman, but she smothered it when she remembered what Irene said about the harasser she was trying to find.
And as if it was a perfectly reasonable explanation, he walked to the 221’s door and opened it, leaving John standing on the pavement, googly-eyed and thunderstruck.
There’s a line between being cautious and cruel, after all. Besides, which kind of person could say this to someone whose pet has just died? What a load of bullshit.
something will come again exercising their power and holding the reins, but at this moment, he was enjoying the quiet.
Joan sometimes mused how it would have turned out if Sherlock was born male. Would it have been different?
Molly was sitting at the bar, anxiously looking around her while trying not to attract someone’s attention. She didn’t feel up for chatting with strangers. Not when she knew Irene would come back soon.
John mumbled “Thanks” before ducking his head and avoiding the all too perceiving eyes of the bartender.
In fact, it was a real wonder he was still alive, Greg dejectedly mused. Time for another drink, he decided, before he got really maudlin about it. Thank whatever fucking deity he got a rest day on New Year’s Eve – he didn’t think he could have faced another day at work, struggling with the small mountain of forms and other papers waiting for him on his desk while trying not to think about Mycroft and miserably failing.
He didn’t even try to repress the long shiver running through him. He has never met someone like John – someone who seemed to have the ability to see him as he was, not as he should be according to society’s standards.
She suddenly stood up, smoothing out her skirt before glancing at Mike, who was staring at her, dumbfounded.
“Not a problem for me,” Sherlock retorted, putting the document in front of him. He skimmed through it, eyebrows knitted together. He could sense John fidgeting in his seat. It seemed his friend has trouble repressing his natural curiosity as regards what appeared to be one of the oddest cases they have ever encountered.
“You spoke to her?” he asked without thinking, his question echoing in the silent flat. He immediately winced right afterwards, cursing his impulsiveness. Harry must have seen it on his face because she gave a dry chuckle.
And thank God it was a common enough name, in case of his nutter revealing himself to be a serial killer, after all.
When he came back several hours later, loaded down with two full plastic bags – in view of his shopping bill, he definitely should think of getting a job – he couldn’t help but defiantly staring at the phone. His behaviour was completely ridiculous, John thought, who in his right mind would be afraid of looking at a bloody piece of plastic to see if he had any message left?
He flinched – something she has never seen him doing before. He looked so affected, it gave her the creeps.
One more time, he thought before slipping the mobile in his pocket and taking his coat off the hook. He took his keys, his wallet, closed the door behind him.
"The very idea of his friend declaring his love to him was completely ridiculous. Even more so by offering him flowers.
He could already imagine in his mind’s eye how he could let Mycroft in, not only in his bed or his kitchen, but in his everyday life. How both of them could build something together – something nice and tender, something to be cherished and nourished in the intimacy of their home. Something which would defy everyone’s expectations, which would resist every attempt at labelling it or giving it a name.
Dave and Paul backed off, simple lads who were more interested in Ross’ beer than in Johnny’s love life (or lack of), but Helen wasn’t so easily deterred.
He could deal with inconvenient lust and unwanted hormones – he was no stranger to this kind of sticky situations, when the only solution was to get rid of these feelings because their target remained unattainable.
She stood up again, revealing her body to Joan’s gaze - the long neck, the small and slender breasts, the flat belly, the ridges of her hipbones without forgetting the dark bush of hair between her legs.
Startled by the familiar smooth voice, Greg gave a little jump before turning to the man he has been looking forward to see since John has called him and who was currently standing in the half-open door.
During the first round of speed-dating, she has very closely observed the male participants, examining their body language, listening to their speech, watching over their shoulder to read what they each have written on their slips of paper.
Molly turned round. A young woman was sitting at the other end of the counter, coquettishly smiling at the man in front of her, wiping up a glass. Molly was no sleuth, but she didn’t need it to be to deduce that the other woman was three sheets to the wind. And far from restraining her consumption, the barman was nudging her into sharing another glass with him.
“Child’s work, really. I can tell you right now how I deduced this and many other things about you…”
He switched off the computer and rushed to the bathroom, ignoring the way his heart was jumping into triple time.
“We’re in France, in some little town called Amboise. Are you satisfied now, Mister Doubting Thomas?”
“Come with me,” he whispers, his hands stroking the strong planes of John’s back. “Come with me and I’ll give you the show of your life.”
And that’s why he spared no pains to draw him from time to time into cases and other mysteries he hoped would manage to keep his brother’s attention. Boredom was dangerous for Sherlock. Activity, combined with the close watch John seemed to keep over Sherlock, was the best solution.
Only when he was satisfied with his progress, his sweaty clothes clinging to his skin, did he think to check his mailbox – or rather Mrs Hudson’s. Hussein has shown him, next to the tea hut, the neat little row of wooden mailboxes, which have been created last spring during a series of workshops with the children of the neighbouring schools. Every plot holder got one and the volunteer team used them to leave messages, leaflets for the next meetings and so on. John unlocked his, taking out a small bundle of documents and promising himself to check more often in the future.
He was heading for the door when his gaze fell on a crumpled ball of paper. John certainly intended to throw it in the wastebin next to the doormat, but he has missed his goal and it seemed he didn’t have the time – or the energy – to make a second attempt.
You didn’t suspect a thing until you were both back at 221b. You were still talking, telling him an old case just to make him smile, when he took your hand, breaking you off.
He glanced at the coffee table, where he has put side by side the two gifts received in a parallel he couldn’t help drawing. Clenching his jaw, he put on his jacket and sneaked out into the night.
He remains frozen to the spot, half-standing, the cooling water licking his calves. In his mind, disbelief is warring against kindling hope.
mattered – was their connection right from the beginning, this link none of them wanted to shake off, which grew deeper and deeper until…
Silence between them has been most awkward, until John has broken it with a humourless little laugh.
He was then treated to a rare sight – Mycroft Holmes rendered speechless, eyes wide, cheeks turning red.
He finally took advantage of a crossroads, near the garden’s gate, to tackle the stranger, rolling with him on the ground.
Fuck, no. No more misunderstandings between them, no more things left unsaid. Not when they both seemed so close to finally take this last bloody step remaining between them.
Sherlock didn’t seem to hear him, his tall figure soon melting in the afternoon crowd. John remained glued to the spot. How has this turned out so ugly so quickly? He felt his cheeks heat up and his heart jumping into triple time when he remembered Sherlock’s shouting “You were jealous!”.
John’s mind was so lust-fogged it took him a shamefully long moment and Sherlock smirking at him to understand what has just been said. The intimate moment they had just shared disappeared as he stared at his friend in astonishment.
Sherlock couldn't believe something so small and so fleeting in appearance could reveal itself to be so important. So vital to his well-being.
John has returned, he briefly thought before turning to him. John’s soft “Oh” as soon as he saw Sherlock in his coat elicited a thrill rushing through his veins, warming his whole body. Sherlock gritted his teeth, finding himself powerless to curb the heady feeling immediately engulfing him at John’s sight.
You didn’t have to truly watch them, however, and John has many times congratulated himself on never getting caught in the act, never being so blatant as to attract catty remarks and knowing smiles from his friends.
In the darkness of the living room, only disturbed by the street lamps outside, Joan was sitting in her usual armchair, hands folded in front of her face in a poor imitation of Sherlock’s pose when she was seeking refuge in her Mind Palace.
“I’m sorry,” John whispered in a broken voice which hurt Sherlock’s ears. “I thought that I could do this but…”
“What?” Sherlock breathlessly answered, when he couldn’t endure John’s silence anymore. “You need to what?”
He snorted – it was ironic to think he might be killed for something he didn’t know, as Sherlock hasn’t confided in him before falling to his death.
In this Sherlock surprised him. One by one, Moriarty’s minions started to fall, like apples rotten to the core removed by the gardener’s careful hand. Their downfall was orchestrated with such an implacable will that it didn’t take long for Mycroft to understand that Sherlock was motivated for the first time in his life not by his burning curiosity or his wish to be the first to solve a problem, but by a terrible wrath.
What John intended to do in this case was unclear, but the emotion rising in his gaze was transparent for Sherlock’s eyes.
“Indeed,” she retorted in that posh voice, which was wreaking delightful havoc on Joan’s nerves. “It might even seem
Sherlock rolled his eyes. The self-consciousness he was exhibiting vanished in the blink of an eye, a mien of haughty annoyance taking its place.
It seemed that Hussein’s pride in the Community Garden was not only justified, it was also shared by every member that the two men bumped into during their walk. People were quietly tending to their plots or the common gardens, focused on the plants in their hands, handling them with care; A little further, two men were pruning a lush rose bush, the easy banter between them bringing about a bittersweet ache in John’s heart. But this feeling quickly passed away, the overall friendliness of the garden’s volunteers showing in every smile, every “Hello” aimed at Hussein, who in return introduced John to everyone. After weeks of scarce social interaction, John felt a bit overwhelmed by all this attention – without speaking of all the new names to keep in mind – but he did his best for Mrs Hudson’s sake. At the end of the visit, while chatting with some members of Hussein’s team over a cup of tea, he realized he has been effortlessly drawn into these ordinary people’s lives, with their complaints over noisy neighbours or proudly presenting photos of their children.
He looked at the clients’ happy faces, how they were laughing together, speaking to each other, how their gazes shone with joy and excitement.
He rolled his eyes at couples cooing at each other, laughed at the ridiculous pet names people found for their partners – seriously, how could you stand being called “my dove”, “sweety pie” or “Bunny Boo” and in public to boot? – and sneered at the sickeningly mercantile feast of Valentine’s Day.
She stiffly nodded at this farewell, hoping against all odds she could conceal the pain she was feeling at this moment.
“You’re thinking so loudly I can practically hear you fretting yourself,” Sherlock declared with a heavy sigh.
The hurting memories he could read in John’s silence, when everyone around him was making a fool of himself.
And when he finally finished with John’s older brother – estranged from his wife, a fact that John didn’t approve – Sherlock was feeling torn between the familiar elation, the clear joy of being right and the upcoming disappointment of seeing John turning away from him.
It's my first mystrade story as you might have known and I have to admit I was a bit afraid of depicting these two. I don't know if I have managed to do it well with this chapter, but one thing for sure, it was a lot of fun to write!
But, before he could decide on what to do next, a voice suddenly boomed in the garden through loudspeakers John hasn’t detected until now.
For once he had the pleasure of leaving her speechless. But Irene quickly regained her self-control.
He shouldn’t have ignored this casual exclusion of Harry, as if from that moment on, their parents only had one child.
“Yes, we can. I want you, Sherlock, but most of all, I want this, this something we’ve always ignored until now. Just… tell me that if anything arises, if you don’t feel comfortable… You’ll tell me. Tell me you’re not going to hide yourself from me anymore.”
John remained motionless, unable to keep up with what the young man was saying. He hasn’t stopped staring at him, a strange mix of commiseration and amusement shining in his dark eyes.
He was coming, thick spurts staining his shirt, Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock himself was frantic, his desperate cries muffled against John’s sweaty, abused neck, rubbing himself shamelessly against John.
But he didn’t, remaining here against his better judgement, because the silken memory of Gregory’s words has completely ensnared him.
“But I think now that they changed their tactics,” Greg carried on, oblivious of John’s train of thought.
She felt her phone buzzing in her bag. Automatically she fished it out of it, unlocking the screen. What she read made her stop in her tracks while a surge of adrenalin pulsed through her veins.
“Sorry. My wife’s always saying when I start talking about the garden, I cannot keep my trap shut about it!”
“Sherlock has always been keen on solving mysteries, especially when they are not his concern,” he whispered.
The illusion suddenly stopped talking as Greg took advantage of their proximity to nuzzle the soft skin of this long, graceful neck.
“Sorry to disturb you but could you please lend me a hand? The box is quite heavy and with this little one…” she said, giving a kiss to the child in her arms, clutching her blouse with all the strength of a koala.
“These won’t be necessary,” she whispered, yanking on Joan’s pyjama bottoms. Too far gone to say something, Joan arched up her hips. Finally naked, she opened her legs and sighed with pleasure when Sherlock slowly pinned her down to the bed, her hands on her wrists.
“Don’t worry though. I’m sure he only wants to ask you a few questions about Sherlock’s whereabouts that you so stubbornly refused to tell me about.”
“You can stay here,” he carried on. “I’ll be sure to pass Mycroft your regrets, although I’m sure he’ll be quite busy and won’t really care after all you haven’t bothered to show up…”
She was about to bite her lip and to give her best come-hither look when her lover once again surprised her.
The stranger’s grin - a grin as bloody as the rest of him, John hysterically noticed – disappeared, and he wrinkled his nose.
His other hand stroked John’s belly, his pecs, pinching a nipple. John gasped, pleasure running through his veins in a heady wave. He didn’t realize a string of “Please” was coming from his mouth.
His mind bubbling with half-formed sentences, John didn’t pay a great attention to the option he was choosing on the phone. He only found out his mistake when hearing the first ringtone.
What exactly was he trying to do, living in this flat where memories were still haunting him? Keeping it clean and tidy, like some mausoleum to be filled again with joy and life when Sherlock will return?
John’s protest died in his throat when he felt Sherlock’s hand under his chin, tilting his face up. He took his mouth in an open-mouthed, toe-curling kiss. Tongues stroking each other, in a filthy, feverish dance of passion and lust.
Mycroft sighed. He had no other choice but to look elsewhere – but where exactly? One thing was sure – he would never stop looking for Sherlock.
“My birth name is Sylvain Palmeri. I was born as a male. Be assured that I wouldn’t bore you with all the little details of my personal story if they didn’t concern the reason for which you’re here. Three years ago, I decided to start my physical transition. I spoke about it quite freely with my family and friends. They already knew that I was transgender and they supported me in “going all the way”, as they said. Except for one person – my brother, Serge.”
He knew it was a serious breach of privacy, something that will make John annoyed with him to say the least (if he discovered it, of course) but he desperately needed a distraction, anything to keep his scrambled, lusty-befuddled mind off the near-kiss.
“Don’t be so crass. And I should be lucky if John wants to speak to me again after the stunt you’ve pulled!”
“Splendid! (She immediately started counting on her fingers, wriggling about in her chair.) Oh, I shall give you a word for Hussein, he’s in charge of the volunteer team, a charming man, he’ll explain everything to you… And you will need the tap key of course!”
He looked away. There, he has said it. It was quite ironic to think that, no matter how many times he has made this coming-out, it never got easier.
“That’s our Johnny!” Helen cheered, her bright red talons grazing the sleeve of his jumper in a gesture which made him suddenly shudder with repulsion. “He’s a good friend of us and because of that, he’s going to buy the next round!”
“Why have you come back, John?” the detective asked, in that low deep rumble that he sometimes used to arouse the truth from wary individuals.  There were things that needed to be said, things that needed to be bypassed.  With his straight face, his game face, Sherlock continued, “I am not so blind as to think that it was purely out of concern for my well being.”  Of course, it wasn’t.  Again he would take what he could get.  “Then it must be for Mary.  You do know that she is dead, do you not?”
The detective’s hands did not fall away, instead they urged John forward. With a gentleness that John had only witnessed the man use with him alone, the detective drew their faces together. The doctor’s eyes drifted from the man’s pale orbs to his mouth and back again, as a lust grew within him that he was all too familiar with. His tongue darted out to moisten his lips in anticipation, when Sherlock with held this gift. John’s eyes tried to focus on the man’s face, but their proximity prohibited this action. He could feel the hot breath of the other man on his mouth and it only made the burning desire grow hotter still, moving from his gut to his groin and to his throat, swelling everything in its path.
“You needed to…?” John’s voice was angry and confused, a hiss, against his neck and cheek, as his cock slammed into the detective with lust driven fervor.
“Your face betrays you, as always, John.” Sherlock scoffed, his tone growing more impatient as this sad conversation was allowed to continue.
“Um, well,” John licked his lips apprehensively, fighting from meeting the other man’s eyes as he stared instead fixedly at the body on the table.
Sherlock just nodded his head, those wet curls beginning to frizz as they air dried, but he looked sincere.  Reluctantly Lestrade left the flat and returned to the Yard.
As the door closed behind the vampire, Sherlock chuckled to himself.  The code had been a date.  It was the day they had first met.  Sherlock had not considered that.
John picked at the fraying hem on the back of his chair. “Even harder, though, was coming back.” He swallowed, and his eyes changed then. They hardened, losing what little warmth the memories had given him. “I couldn’t understand it, Sherlock. I hated you for what you did. Then you came back, and you were here, and I couldn’t join you. Staying away was one of the hardest things I’ve ever committed to.”
Arriving at the house with Louis in the luxury car at his side was a small thing that he knew would drive Lestat mad if he had seen it. It had taken a little more effort than he had anticipated to unravel Lestat's activities and it was even more interesting to see how many little flies he had unintentionally attracted to his web.
“Whatever,” she sighed, with a dismissive shake of her head.  She put out her hand to the vampire and changed the subject, “Where’s my fee?”
"You buggar!" John snapped, as he came upon the detective sitting at the table in the kitchen. It was obviously a new designated work space.
The blond vampire said nothing.  His icy eyes landed on the detective and before Sherlock could react, there was a sharp cracking smack that sent a bursting star pattern before his vision, followed up by a blossoming of pain across his face. He knew that the slap had broke his nose, even if he had not been able to see it happen.  Instinctively, his hands came up to cover the bleeding wreck, as the man felt himself moved. His vision blurred, as he felt cool hands on his person, and when it cleared, he found himself sitting in the pew opposite Marisa.  The pain radiating from the fracture was almost over whelming. The warm unending trickle of blood slipped through and over his fingers, drippling over the front of his shirt and the thighs of his dark slacks.
There was a brief moment where their eyes met, both men unrelenting, when finally, the detective moved to strengthen his argument by making some other point.  The vampire cut him off.  “Okay then,” he said, moving towards the bed, his eyes anywhere but on the brunet.  He shed his own clothing out of habit, sliding through the thick drapery into the darkened confines of the bed.  His bare skin was met with silken sheets as he pulled the blankets over him, once more a human trait that he was having trouble breaking.
The shirt Sherlock had been fumbling with was now discarded on the floor, forgotten now that it was no longer a hindrance. John stood, bare-chested before him. He drew unnecessary breaths into his lungs, steady but shallow; anticipating what would come next. The lean body shifted under the detective’s gaze. Strong abdominals flexed beneath a soft layer of perfect pale flesh on the man’s remarkably hairless stomach. The doctor was nearly as white as eggshells since being transformed. The genius found amusement in the fact that the older man was now the paler of the two men. With Sherlock’s long fingers splayed across John’s belly, cataloging the pigment variances, he could acutely feel the nagging inner turmoil the other man was battling.
Once they were in the living room, John motioned for Sherlock to stay—very much like a pet owner might order a dog—and then he disappeared.  His body vanished in the blue of movement that Sherlock was beginning to associate with the vampirical.  It was like watching a painter smudge paint across the canvas.  For once John had forgotten to slow his natural speed.  It was fascinating to note that all the vampires seemed to be wound tighter than the mortal bodies that they had come from, as if on a molecular level they defied the rules of time and space, adhering to an entirely new set devised just for them. Why else would Lestat have been so irked by the Moriarty had fought back?  It was as though the two of them were on the same level.  Perhaps Moriarty was even more powerful.
The detective liked the silence that his keeper seemed intent on keeping.  It meant that he did not have to endure idle conversation and much of his time throughout the next four days that passed was spent in his mind palace, mulling over the recent events that had so irreversibly changed their lives.  Sherlock thought about the reality of immortality and of the vampirical state of being, he rationalized the need for his time on the island as a health necessity so he did not lose himself to the madness of boredom, and he even thought of his brother.
The woman almost fainted.  She could feel her heart flutter with the temperature spike that the comment had sent through her system, setting her blood a boil.  It took her a moment to recoup her senses and when she did, she tsked loudly.  Spinning of her heel she turned away, her hands raised in frustration and almost as a plea to her ignorant tenant, as she scolded him and begged him in the same instance to quit with the racket and clean up the mess.
The doctor brought up a hand to separate them, laying his index finger against the detective’s cupids bow.  “Promise me, Sherlock,” he said, “no more dying.  I lost you once…I can’t do it again.  That means the little things and the big things.  I am a part of you and you have become a part of me.  What you do to yourself you are doing to me.”
David answered truthfully.  “He said that he was tortured in some kind of black void and then suddenly reappeared in London.  He has no knowledge of where he was nor of how he was returned.  All I can ascertain from the strange encounter with him, is that he is not himself.  Lestat may not have entirely escaped Moriarty’s control, even if he has returned to this realm.”
"Do you want to share him, Louis?" The tone was predatory, as he turned to eye the boy again. Dark hair with brilliant teal streaks that were only seen when the tussled mop was tossed. He was handsome and young, two-day stubble graced his chin and the dark burgundy golf shirt, displaying the carnival name, rode up to reveal a plane of hard abs beneath.
With a sigh, he stopped and tilted his head back, eyes closing as he allowed the downpour from the rain-drenched night continue to cascade over him. The cool water had long ago plastered his short hair to his skull and he was only now becoming aware of exactly how uncomfortably soaked he had become. There was an upside to this though, the rain was helping to clear his head faster and the long walk the flat would help even more. He began moving again, taking care to not walk into anyone this time.
It hit him then.  This was his fault.  This was all because of him.  “John…” he heard his own voice rasp.
John ran to the large slab of metal that was the door.  It was flat and cold and for all purposes seemed to be impenetrable, but it was the only door in the entire place that could possibly have a bell.  He banged on it and shouted, “Help!  Help me!  I’m trapped!  I’m a prisoner!  Get me outta’ here!”
The aloof voice on the other end of the receiver replied all the same, answering each of his questions in a diplomatic fashion that remained firmly ambiguous.  “I assure you, Dr. Watson, it is only for your protection.  I had hoped that it would not come to this and still I fear that even these extreme measures may not be enough.”
The vampire's eyes shifted to the man, who was still rifling through papers.  It was nearly dawn, John could feel the suns approach like a weight growing on him.  His thoughts were repetitive and rhetorical anyway, questions that could not really be answered.  He decided to leave the detective to his work.  As he left the room, the man called after him, "May I…join you this time?"
“A bit rude...but I imagine you’re a little worn out from all the fun we’ve been having.” Moriarty slipped out of the high chair and walked over to the prone body, giving it a slow flick with the toe of his polished shoe to roll Lestat onto his back easily. “I’m going to give you a little time to consider your poor life choices in annoying me, Lestat. Then, when I come back, we’re going to come to a whole new understanding.”
Distantly he noted something wet hitting his stomach, but he was too lost in these sensations to care. John felt himself being pulled down. Long arms encircled him as he continued to float, slowly drifting down from the high. Reality eventually sifted back and he found himself collapsed across Sherlock, face tucked under his chin. Cradled by the man’s arms and legs he lay there a moment longer listening to the strong beating of the detective’s heart.
“Olfactory memory.” John elaborated. “I suppose the dark gift may increase such a sensation. But that would mean that I have met her.”
“Well now, Sherlock,” The blond was standing over him, looking triumphant and self-satisfied, “you still have a choice.”
John was not sure who had moaned.  The sound had been rapturous and he felt like part of it had been his own and perhaps the other had been the detective on top of him, the result of the overpowering arousal that was quickly consuming them both.  The doctor allowed the tongue to experiment, moaning more pleasurably the more it explored.  As he did so he could feel his own fingers in the dark mess of curls over top of him, holding that hot moist mouth against his own, those full supple lips pressed tight against him.
“In fact that did take up the majority of my effective time but I did manage to pull some information together regarding this group of ‘watchers’ that Mary was supposedly a part of. There are a few locations that are consistent in my cross referencing of events, which reported to have involved creatures or paranormal activity that this group would be interested in.” Sherlock looked tired as he stood up. He planted his hands on his hips and twisted from side to side, cracking his back.
Sherlock had made great efforts to not allow himself this pleasure—the arousal of remembering all that he loved of John.  It was, in succinct brevity, too painful.  If he was to watch the doctor love and be loved by anyone other than himself this was an essential factor.  A factor that was being thoroughly tested and aggravatingly proven true by his response to the man’s very presence now.  He shifted in his seat and turned away slightly from John, casting his gaze into the kitchen beyond, dimly lit by the failing florescent lighting above the sink.
That stopped his former lover dead, the dark eyes locked on his, making Sherlock’s pulse quicken. There was a predatory and warning flame in those shifting crystalline depths that the genius couldn't help but be ever more drawn to, only increasing the allure of this dangerous creature John had become.
He pushed up off of the bed, trying not to mentally register how much work it was and how exhausted he still felt.  He slowly made his way to the ensuite, unbuttoning his shirt as he went.  He shed his clothes along the way, one after the other, kicking his pants off last, near the door.  The lights came on as he entered, illuminating the magnificent stone and woodwork in a warm glow.  He took one look at himself in the mirror and instantly wished he hadn’t.  It was certainly not a pretty reflection.
"You know," Louis said, quietly, a small pause breaking the sentence, "I love riding ferris wheels."
The building itself was not spectacularly splendid and grandeur but rather plain.  The brick was well kept and the hedges were well tended, giving the older home curb appeal without drawing too much attention to itself.  Still it was easy enough for Sherlock to see that this property was no ordinary residence.  It was made to look that way, so as to remain inconspicuous among the other crowded homes in the area.  There was a large tree in the front yard, just beginning to bud with new life, the small start to the leaves visible in the glow of the street lamp.
Snapping his finger’s the vampire suddenly crumpled. Lestat’s breathing was ragged, all the muscles of his body shaking with exhaustion, as he lay in an awkward heap of limbs that had given way like a puppet with its strings cut.
"She just...vanished." John said aloud, sounding befuddled by more than not being able to keep up with the woman.  Sherlock cocked his head and knit his brows, and John continued, with a shrug, "Well, I mean, not just anyone could do that.  It's as though her entire person transported somehow…somewhere else.  Scent and all.  All at once."
Mycroft averted his eyes, seemingly somewhat affected by the genuine display of his broken sibling opposite him.  An annoyed hand came up and rubbed at his brow, combing back over his slowly receding hairline, as a heavy sigh wheezed through his grit teeth.  “Your emotions are wreaking havoc on your skills, brother mine.”  That bleak gaze snapped back, patronizing and sympathetic all the same.  “You’ve over looked the simplest and yet most interesting piece of the puzzle.”
After a few seconds, John looked away and his voice was strained when he broke the silence between them.
Honestly, if the message hasn’t been hidden between the pages of the latest post-mortem report she has received, she would have doubted that it came from Sherlock.
He went back in the phone menu, hitting the call history icon. A shiver ran down his spine when he noticed John has called twice the DI tonight. Jealousy reared its ugly head but Sherlock relentlessly put it down. Surely, he would have noticed if there was something going on between these two.
Dave snorted in his drink, shaking his head at the blonde woman with the pixie cut, leaning up against the counter.
“Useful little application, that one,” he has said in a good-nature voice, which barely concealed his vibrant glee, as he played over and over again the recording of Sherlock’s indignant “Why do you say I can’t? Of course, I can make a bloody speech!”
To a stranger’s eyes, he would have looked completely impassive, bordering on deep indifference, but Greg wasn’t fooled. He has picked up on Mycroft’s long fingers nervously twitching once or twice before Mycroft collected himself.
Lost in thought, he trudged across the pavement, already groping for his keys when he heard the chime of his mobile.
He realized he was impatiently foot-tapping, something that Mrs Dubusson has noticed, as the amused glance she shot at him proved.
Molly, who fell in love with the worst persons – all male – ever yet still believed in happy endings.
John shot him a hopeless glance, as if he couldn’t decide which word to use. And the confusion was written all across his face. A face that Sherlock has never found more beautiful than right at this moment. An insane, delirious madness fizzled in his veins, in his mind, suffusing his heart with such warmth Sherlock couldn’t resist.
Has he really revealed his identity to the person he has constantly snubbed until now? Has Sherlock already blocked his number? How would he react if he hasn’t?
For the second time since he left the hotel, John found himself rooted to the spot, unable to believe what he has just heard.
“A shame, that,” Greg cut him off, taking care of looking at him in the eye. “Because if you have listened to my last chat with John, you would have learned something which might have interested you…”
A delicious shiver ran down John’s spine when he remembered the classic scene of the spaghetti kiss – the two lovers accidentally nibbling their way into their first kiss.
He panicked. Fear got its claws into him, and before he could think about it, he found himself shaking his head.
As if he has read his thoughts, Sherlock said “Another time I will tease you until you cannot take it anymore. Another night I will make love to you, mark yourself as mine. But now… I cannot wait anymore.”
Time to take the plunge, Greg thought. Unlike John, who was relentlessly pining for his flatmate, he was rather fond of the maxim “Nothing ventured, nothing gained”. True, it wasn’t always successful and he got his share of rebuffs over the years, but if he persisted playing by Mycroft’s rules, he would never reach his goal.
As if he could say “no” – a word which didn’t seem to be included in his vocabulary as far as Sherlock was concerned.
And of course, she had me, Mycroft thought with some – well-deserved in his opinion – smugness; After all, he had been the first to recognize, in this young woman whose upbringing was so different than his, the same qualities he had long ago acknowledged for himself during his university days.
All the new languages make me think in associations. It’s quicker. German words for small round things, for example, often start “kn”.
Sherlock thinks for a moment, pursing his lips. “Well,” he says finally, “in that case I certainly see some impediments to the marriage.”
The clusters, the chord clusters, I don’t like the colours they create in my head. Everything about John makes me see beautiful colours. His name and all the numbers that belong to him, like his birthday. I never told him about my synaesthesia, so he probably doesn’t know that he creates good colours. The colours depend on the vowel sounds of the words, I think. I’m missing the colours in foreign languages. Colourless. Though the sounds can be expressive. Kn small and round, gr dangerous and bleak. Grim.
It’s definitely no good thinking about this now. What can I do. There it is. This does not feel liberating.
I am tired. I’m tired to the bone. My eyes burn and my head aches and I’m dizzy. Sometimes my vision swims. But I function. I do, and that is enough. I start feeling awake when I am working, and there is always work to do. The network I am trying to dismantle is vast. Sometimes I think that I will not find a way out again. I am alone. That used to be all right.
“The thing is,” John continues, “it doesn’t feel like she broke up with me. It feels like I broke up with her in my mind long ago, and she’s just the one who made it official.”
. No one ever notices. The Germans do pronounce the k before the n. You can’t do that in English. We lost that consonant cluster at some point. I don’t like the word cluster. There are clusters in music, too. Not that they sound very nice. Too many notes.
Sherlock stretches, feeling into every inch of his body, becoming awake, becoming Sherlock. There’s rain outside. He needs a shower.
Restrain my thoughts and my sadness and my anger. How long can I muster the energy to control what I feel. Sometimes the tears rise from sheer tiredness. I heard some jazz the other day. “A cup of tears streaming from his eyes.” I liked the music and the lyrics cut through the bone. I never used to listen to lyrics before.
“Diolch”, says Sherlock, who feels like speaking Welsh. John just raises an eyebrow, and wipes away all the water, which is really a bit not good, because now there are tears, no denying it, but the sea, too, is overflowing, and it is Sherlock’s turn to touch, to try to comfort.
Another thing, John: If ever I get back, it will be a joy to be with you again. If I don’t, it will have been a joy to have met you at all. Life is a lot better with you than without you. This sounds prosaic considering I just found out I really am in love with you. But it’s true. Also, I think you’re better than me in many respects, and you will manage. With or without me. I do love you. That bears repeating even better than your jumpers. That was an odd sentence.
He rises, quietly, quietly so John can keep sleeping in his armchair, and plods to the bathroom, with the blanket pulled around him like a toga. Like a bedsheet in Buckingham Palace. He turns the shower on and brushes his teeth while he looks for just the right temperature, the sweet spot. As opposed to the sore spot. Fiancée should not be an association to that, Sherlock chides himself. He lets the warm water run down his skin, closes his eyes and lets it run over his face as well, opens his eyes and sees transparent streams from a strange perspective before he has to close them again.
This morning (I hadn’t slept) there was a beautiful sunrise when I crossed the river. John, incurable romantic, would have liked it. The realisation that I not only love John but am in love with him hurts. More than it helps. All of John’s good colours add up to a beautiful spectrum, nuances, a rainbow, that soothes my senses when I see it. Soothes my senses when I see. Sibilants. Sybil and prophecy. I prophesy that I will be able to leave this city tomorrow, or the day after. But that will not enable me to go home. Not yet.
It’s been a year, almost. Lately things have been getting worse instead of better. I want to go home. This is wearing me out. Everyone and everything is unfamiliar. I have to find my way through new countries and new cities and new languages and new people. You always were so clear for me, John.
Coffee doesn’t help. Not anymore. Other things would. Sometimes, other things do. You wouldn’t approve, John. Sorry.
John forces himself to abandon this train of thought and thinks about Sherlock instead. He worries. His friend looks – bad. A bit like when John first met him, all the usual Sherlock problems on display: the thinness and the pallor and the tiredness around the eyes, and John suspects that Sherlock has started smoking again, which is bad. No hard drugs though. John checked, discreetly, he hopes, when Sherlock was already half asleep on the sofa, head on his elbow.
When Sherlock wakes up on the sofa, John is still there, asleep in his armchair. Sherlock raises his head to look at him, and his head hurts, throbs. John is slumped in his chair, in his jumper, head turned slightly to the side, mouth open, breathing. Sherlock is happy that John managed to fall asleep.
John sits next to him, tucking blankets around him, touching skin, too accidentally. He touches Sherlock’s cheek, lightly, with his thumb, and Sherlock’s body suddenly feels very tired but his mind has to stay awake, because John is swallowing hard, and his voice is a bit cracked when he says “Where’s that from, then?”
“True enough,” says John, who sees the water gathering around Sherlock’s feet, and lets go of Sherlock, taking the warmth away, but returning with towels and blankets.
John looks up, bright eyes and a helplessness in them that makes it doubtful who came here more in need of the other.
They do not immediately act on what has now been, finally, said. John feels it is Sherlock’s move. Sherlock feels confused. He’s been silent for the better part of the day, playing the violin instead of talking. John can’t help trying to deduce what Sherlock is thinking from the music he is composing. John feels his confession in the air like an unanswered question, like Sherlock should answer it, but he does not know if Sherlock even plays by these rules.
John thinks I’m dead. I think I’m beginning to think so, too. How can you tell, anyway? I want to get back but I can’t, and I can only try not to think too much. I do try that. But I have never been any good at that. It isn’t helping and you always think the things you’re not supposed to think.
I admire your different personalities, and how you seem to have found a core of yourself, of selfness, that is unvarying, no matter if you are performing the ruthless detective or the elegant pianist at a posh party. Your eyes stray from the keys, a flash of blue in the serene atmosphere of the room, and they find me watching, as I am always watching you, even if I am not looking.
Sherlock rises, flinches because he’s still aching from the latest alley brawl in which there featured no ex-soldier with a gun to threaten people, and gets up to clear away their plates.
The shower stops running and John snuggles deeper into his armchair, pulling a blanket around him. He actually slept a lot better than in the last few nights, which is crazy considering he hasn’t even been lying down properly.
John does not want to leave because he does not want to miss the moment when Sherlock finds his answer. So he waits, and drinks tea. He hopes this situation will be resolved soon, one way or another. He wants to take care of Sherlock, but he has manoeuvred himself into a situation in which every question or touch seems like a demand. Once he has an answer, any answer, maybe things can go back to some semblance of normality.
It was all the permission that the man needed. He acted. It was desperate. Action fueled with an urgency to fill a part of himself that was lacking, that gaped open, raw, and unhealed. John’s hands grappled with the other man’s shoulders, pulling the man to him, their chests pressing hard against one another. His mouth claimed the other’s, teeth raking over full lips, as raucous moans escaped the detective, fueling only more passion and need from the man. His tongue lapped the outline of the lips against his own, then the teeth behind them, finally meeting to war with the other tongue beyond. The sounds that Sherlock made were enough to make John aware of his engorged arousal, but pressing against the detective’s own erection did little to dampen the flames that burned in his loins.
The fingers had ceased their work at the keyboard and the head had angled softly, invitingly, for the caressing mouth.  One hand came to the fingers that gripped his biceps with a rough possession, as he gently urged the vampire on with a coaxing, "yes, John."  Sherlock could feel the increased rate of the hot breaths that panted against him and although he was surprised by his former lover's sudden loss of trepidation, he could not be more pleased to revel in his share of its benefits.
Morning had come all too soon and he had rose to the unbearably silent flat, still cluttered with half completed experiments and paperwork as it always had been.  There was no one in the kitchen making tea or breakfast, no one sitting in the living room reading the paper or watching the news on the telly, and there certainly wasn’t anyone in the bathroom.  Passing the open doorway to the bathroom, as he trudged in his wrinkled white shirt and dark trousers towards the kitchen, made the detective’s mind rouse the curious memory of the last time he and John had shared it.  It was like the ping of text message on a mobile, the thought suddenly there, the visual in front of his mind’s eye of John’s fingers in the water, tracing up and down his bare sides.
John shrugged again, refusing to wince at the jolt of pain that shot up his neck. Making a note to not do that again he glowered instead at his flatmate. “I’m fine.” He knew better than to lie to the man, but bypass the subject? Absolutely. Picking up the flannel he turned it over and replaced the wet material on his thighs, sighing as the cold continued to seep in.
The words were fast and pointed, as he gained his composer, inhaling through is nose deeply as he made the long few strides towards the raven-haired man whose face still registered some concern but more so, sadness. No... pity.
But those eyes still blazed and John couldn’t help but feel as though he were being challenged. As the detective twisted the handle John lurched forward and slammed his palm into it, forcing the door closed once more. “I think it would be best if we continued this now.” He forced himself to sound calm as he said the words, even if he wanted to yell and rage instead.
“Indeed,” Armand replied as they steered their way towards the coat check. “I’ve seen this particular Opera done a fair number of times by other groups but must admit this is my second time watching this performance. Roberto Alagna is by far my favorite tenor of this time, it is as if the man was made for no other purpose then to house that voice that brings chills.”
Sherlock knew then that John still doubted their success. He was no doubt more worried about his own safety, rather than focusing entirely on defeating Ludvik.  The genius pushed this thought over to John.
John’s eyes scanned quickly to the rooms he could see as he moved to the stairs, nothing looked disturbed which made him all the more afraid. A creek from the level above him caused his pulse to quicken and suddenly he was running up the stairs to the sound of Mary’s anguished cry and the crashing thunder of breaking glass.
Sherlock was in no mood to perry the first thrust and so deflected, cutting his brother short with a sharp snapping retort, “Don’t underestimate my intelligence, Mycroft, it is unbecoming.  I am not one of your single minded diplomats so cut the political jargon.  By the use of ‘that situation’ you have already shown me your hand. You are indeed aware of ‘the’ situation and therefore you can understand as well that I am not going to leave until you have relinquished what you know.”  Through grit teeth, he added in a threatening hiss, “Answer the question.”
The statement startled John. How did these girls even know about him and Mary? The thought was interrupted as the other replied with confusion.
Half-formed words died on his lips before they could even be uttered. He twisted and writhed under Sherlock’s talented hands and mouth, sure that he would go insane from the pleasure if the other man didn’t do something soon.
"Still got it." Lestat chuckled wickedly, pleased with himself, as he leaned casually back and slid an arm behind Louis, resting it on the back of the chair. "Now, why are we going to London, Louis?"
Mycroft certainly did regret John Watson’s current predicament, a grievous result of Sherlock’s own inability to leave well enough alone.
"But it is true. I would be happy to show you..." Before Sherlock had a chance to finish the breath he was inhaling there was a sudden rush of air. His world shifted rapidly as he felt the lighting fast touch of a gentle press and the whoosh of motion that stirred his hair and clothes. Within the micro-second it took for the consulting detective to register what was happening the man’s body was inches from his own and before he had time to shove the other away the blond was suddenly out of the bathroom and leaning casually in the door frame off the bathroom, eyeing him hungrily. Spinning deductions screeched and grinded against one another, sparks flying, as their probability was eliminated.
“With very good reason, brother mine,” Mycroft calmly replied but Sherlock was no fool, he could look past the carefully composed façade.
John smothered a grin. In all truth he couldn’t deny the woman – “Patricia” if the label pinned to her low-cut top was to be believed – had great poise. And a smile as sharp as a scalpel.
“But you forgot the moral of this story - every flatterer lives at the expense of those who take him seriously. With this speech the fox tried to deceive the crow and he succeeded.”
Greg did then what he has wanted since he has laid eyes on his visitor. He raised a hand which was trembling a little bit until it rested against Mycroft’s cheek. His heart was racing in his chest, he didn’t know why, but it truly didn’t matter. His thumb lightly stroked against the prominent cheekbone. He felt rather than heard the illusion’s little sigh while enjoying the moment to the fullest. He stared at the other’s face, trying to commit each detail to memory – the almost non-existent rasp of his stubble, apart from the few hairs having escaped the razor; the straight, long nose; the way his eyelids were fluttering close, as if he didn’t dare letting down his guard; The thin lips about which Greg has fantasized more than once.
Joan didn’t really know they have reached Sherlock’s bedroom until she felt her legs brushing against the bed frame. All she was aware of was her lover – her hands relentlessly stroking and squeezing, cupping her large breasts, her mouth on her neck, her collarbone, her teeth softly nipping her skin.
He frowned. He didn’t mean to sound so… juvenile about it, as if he still was a 14-year-old daydreaming about it (and soiling his sheets in the morning.)
He has instinctively reached out, holding Ross back by his sleeve, drawing a bemused glace from the bartender.
She started isolating herself, seeking and finding refuge in her work. Gradually severing the links with John, Lestrade, the persons who still were important to her.
He should have chosen that time to release himself from the overwhelming, crushing responsibility his parents have placed on him – “You be a good boy, Johnny” – refusing to fit into the straight and narrow mould they’ve chosen for him.
“I don’t think so, John” she has said with a smile which didn’t reach her eyes. “Now would be a good time to take them.”
He wondered how to bring up the question before deciding to take the bull by the horns, so to speak.
He was slowly relaxing, sipping at his coffee, trying to make it last. If it was the last time he was here, that he was able to see John, he intended to enjoy the opportunity to its fullest. He regularly glanced at him, doing his best to ignore his friends’ knowing looks and sneering remarks.
And John would never admit it how proud he was of that fact and how jealous he was as regards that privilege.
“As a reminder never to let myself getting involved in something serious. Something which could leave me broken and battered and… I didn’t want it anymore.”
“I used to offer them to my Rosie for each Valentine’s Day. She couldn’t stand red roses and all that “romantic rot”, as she used to say, but she was fond of these flowers.”
For all the time they have known each other, Greg has only set foot once or twice in Mycroft’s office. He remembered very well however the unpleasant impression which struck him every time he did. The feeling of fitting in in this stately, delicately luxurious environment – nothing crude or over-the-top about it, it wasn’t really Mycroft’s style – as well as a bull in a china shop.
Irene has patted her hand, her smile gentle for once “Don’t waste your time waiting for him, Molly. He’ll never be the man you expect him to be. Move on.”
He hasn’t understood a word except for his name, but… Gosh. Hearing the sibilant sounds rolling on Sherlock’s tongue, he suddenly felt like he was lying naked on his front, receiving the massage of his life. A situation which left him embarrassingly aroused. John cleared his throat several times, trying not to imagine Sherlock whispering unknown words in his ear while lovingly stroking him all over.
Already incensed by her curt dismissal, John saw red. He leaped to his feet, ready to give a piece of his mind, when he heard right behind him “Is there a problem here?”
Like many others, Molly has fallen under their spell. She smothered her laugh when Sherlock, who shared some classes with her, didn’t hesitate to loudly oppose their teachers and she became mute whenever Irene turned her sharp smile in her direction.
Utterly dull, Sherlock thought while holding his tongue though. He might as well listen to John’s story since he didn’t have the first clue as how to open this box.
Sherlock felt an impish glee as he noticed Mycroft’s cheekbones getting pink. It wasn’t so easy to fluster his big brother. That’s certainly why he was making it a point of honour to attempt it every time he had the misfortune to come across him.
online chat rooms. Then he has hacked their accounts on the website and threatened them if they dared to complain.
Tall, fine, delicate features framed by dark curls which surely made hairdressers weep with envy, pale, flawless skin that John would love to make it blush.
He finally opted for a bag of crackers, pulling it out from one half-empty cupboard before coming back to his beloved sofa and glancing once again at the Bes statue.
John didn’t bother replying. Instead he tapped with trembling fingers on the message still blinking before him.
“Got yourself a date, then!” Harry cackled before starting to laugh out loud when she glimpsed his face.
Lestrade’s eyes, face, and body, moved from confused to angry, as he raised his voice and volleyed back, “Hot dogs my arse, Sherlock!  You’re supposed to be looking for John, remember?  Whatever happened to that?”
This glare was just about as satisfying as the first. It took only fractions of a second to ascertain that further requests were pointless and instead the detective focused on pouring out his current deductions. Yes, the postcard was obviously rubbish, a lame attempt to cover up the disappearance of John and Mary. The card-stock was inconsistent with those available in the region it was supposed to have originated from and had been printed somewhere in the greater UK and very likely, London proper. Mary herself was a harder egg to crack. Sherlock had little new information on who she was prior to becoming Mary Morstan. Her murder had been a significantly well planned hit, the clean-up had taken place the same evening. The clean-up crew were highly proficient, in and out with everything in less than 3 hours and without disturbing or rousing neighbors. Some of whom were beginning their morning rituals just as the last of the ‘crew’ locked up and vacated the scene.
The mouth kissed the outer shell of his damaged ear, whispering, “Take my offer.  You can save him.”
John nodded again and swallowed the sudden panic that rose within him. The thirst seemed to double in strength at his resistance to the offering.
His body required sustenance and there was take out left in the fridge that would be sufficient. The door to the safe room latched behind him and he took two steps towards the kitchen until he became immediately aware that they were not alone in the house.
He slipped it into his back pocket and then made himself a coffee with the French press, which he enjoyed out on the patio.  The sun was already low in the sky but for once there was a break in the dreadful grey that had entombed London for the last couple of weeks and he basked in the light, even though the air was still crisp.  The city below was just as oblivious to his presence as it had been the days prior, and yet he felt calmer there than he ever had before.  Perhaps it was knowing what he knew now.  Knowing that Mary was gone, that she wasn’t out there somewhere, scared, worried, or in danger.  Knowing that he would see Sherlock again, soon, and knowing that he would be free of at least this luxurious hell.  Maybe he wouldn’t be free-free, but wherever it was it would be new and that was enough for now.
"You have little choice, John." Sherlock reminded him, curtly, "It is not something that can be reverted or undone.  You are what you are now and you are still alive because of it.  You have to at some point accept what you have become.  Trying to keep this from me is a complete waste of our time and it is only interfering with your desire to find Mary's murderer."
He’d done everything within his power over the last few months to not look anyone in the eye, not even a glance askance. Sherlock was forcefully removing that self-imposed blinder. Now that John was truly examining the man sitting atop him, reality hit him like a swift right hook to the gut. It knocked the breath out of him. The vampire forgot to breathe, so lost in the zone that consumed him.
There he found what would have to make do for the time being. A grey cheeky donkey and three cows with little calves. John used his mind gift to sooth the animals, so they didn’t brae or low. He encircled one of the cows by the neck with his arms, and sank his teeth into the animals thick hide. He gorged on the warm blood that filled his mouth and regretfully was unable to stop himself. He let go at the last minute, as the heart beat fluttered, and finally pulled back. The animal died moments later, its body stuttering reflexively before the heart gave out entirely. It took John a moment to shake the daze that overcame him as the blood settled in his system. He had drunk ravenously, and it had left him dizzy and light headed. The cows blood had a sour taste in comparison to the rich flavors of human blood and he was already disgusted by the way it sat.  At any rate, it had taken the edge off the hunger he now felt.
They both protested.  “That’s enough, Sherlock.” Lestat explained.  He stood and as he did, pulled the detective to his feet with him.   “I can’t let him bleed you dry, we don’t have time to turn you now.”
The head cocked ever so slightly, the straight black hair hanging like a curtain along the sides of his angular face.  Those eyes captured him, as the voice answered him, “A man has taken an unnatural interest in both you and Sherlock Holmes, who has the means to cause you both great harm.”
Three evenings later Louis had arrived back at the Baker Street flat to find a huge bouquet in the entrance on a small side table. Mrs. Hudson had come out as soon as she heard the door to the flat open, exclaiming happily, "Oh! These Lovely flowers came for you today, Louis!"
“Shut up, David.” Lestat grumped. “I am hurt that you care so little for my tender behind. Where I was really was torture, even if I can’t recall where that may have been.”
"Sherlock," the name was croaked out, a plea, the tranquil expression replaced with a horrific grimace of pain.
"Oh really now, you arse?" John snipped playfully.  He rotated his hands in a circular gesture, questioning, "Well, let's back it up a second. Exactly what brought you to this enchanting conclusion?"
John shot to his feet, just as the other one made to grab at his arm.  Training kicked in and he snatched the groping arm, reefing the man forward past him, into the blackness of the alley.  There was a pop and then a sharp gasp—the joint gave and the man gave a short agonized squeal.  He heard the click of a switch blade and the other lunged for him.  John grabbed both the man’s biceps, his grip crunching sinewy muscles between his fingers, pushing them apart, as suddenly the man’s throat was exposed.  He could hear the thrum of the heart, could see the push of the blood up through the artery, and then the taste of the man’s blood was on his tongue and rushing into his mouth.  The only sound came from the other fop on the ground further back in the darkness of the alley, swearing and whining about to the pain in his shoulder—probably unaware that John was not strangling his mate but rather bleeding him dry.  The vampire drank until the heart was sputtered and finally fell silent.  The limp body fell aside, as he grabbed for the younger one.
The petulant child finally won out in the reserved detective and he gave a comical sneer that twisted his entire face, as he spat down at John, “Oh, you would!”  He flipped a dismissive hand, spinning slightly towards the blond vampire on his other side, as he cried, “Regardless of what
David pressed his tongue against the tangy wound he had made in the mortal’s skin, healing it as quickly as it had been made, as his kisses continued upward from where his bite had left off. Mycroft’s own blazer had been shoved off, shirt buttons half undone as the vampire’s slender fingers slid deftly over heated skin to continue their work and expose the rest of the mans heaving chest.  The shirt was pulled back from one shoulder, another button was slid undone, and then it was pressed off of the other and David allowed the other man to push back so he could straighten and shed the barrier between their bodies completely.
John had never seen that expression on his friend’s face before. Those amazing lips quirked slightly, glistened with the same oil as on his back. He leaned forward, one hand threading into the dark curly locks before closing the small distance between them. Their lips crashed together, hard and demanding, opening to fight with tongues. He groaned at the feel, taste, and scent of the younger man, cock pulsing as he thrust up.
“I don’t see why not.” Sherlock answered back over his shoulder. He snatched his coat from the hook by the door and slipped into it with all his usual flourish, donning his scarf and popping his collar like a rock star. John took his own black jacket in hand and followed the man out the door.
“So then...” The vampire mused, before cracking a crooked grin at the detective. Affably he demanded, "rock me, Amadeus."
a monster.” Louis spit, a flit of crimson onto the carpet below, never turning to look at his maker.
John drew in a slow, deep breath, knowing he needed to speak but not sure how to go about it. His eyes trailed down the length of the man's torso before sliding up to take in his perfect facial features. John licked his dry lips and finally spoke.
The vampire inspected the discarded strip of toilet paper, noting something written on it with a permanent marker.  Bringing his attention back to the mobile at his ear still, he quickly ended the call, “I’m sorry, Armand.  I have to go.  Thank you for your offer.  I look forward to seeing you again tomorrow.”
Her small mouth curled at the corners in a restrained smile she tried to hide behind her raised mug.  Her eyes were cast away.  She was still musing now, comparing his pointed comments to her last failed relationship and the one she was currently contemplating.  Then slowly, she said, “I met John Watson once.  He was a good man.”
John stretched out in the bed.  He laid like that for another twenty minutes, mostly spent finding patterns in the two-toned scraped stucco texturing on the ceiling that looked like animals or constellations and other random crap, before he finally sat up.  It took a lot more effort than he was expecting, his muscles complaining and fatigued.  The answer popped into his brain like a text message alert:
The sensations of pleasure and pain wound in John as he thrust deeper, harder. Gripping the man’s hips, he shifted the detective more onto his hips and leaned in further, a better angle as their bodies moved together to hit the prostate. He knew he found the right spot when Sherlock’s nails dug in and his head fell back with a breathy moan. “There John, right there.”
When David spotted the blond it was already too late for the woman he had thought to spare. He saw her lifeless body lying on the rooftop of the building she had been seeking shelter in. Lestat stood next to her and it was all David could do not to let his rage over-ride his reason as he approached his maker. The woman hadn’t even been drained, her neck was snapped and Lestat was staring at her dead body.
“Your landlady fancies us, Louis.” Lestat chirped with amusement. “Believes she's dreadfully lucky to have so many good looking men about.” Lestat looked about the entry way at the slightly pealing wallpaper, the dust in the corners, too high to be easily reached. He ran a finger along the wall but when he inspected the gloved tipped he found no dust. He turned around with the grace of a dancer and continued to inspect the entry in an exaggerated fashion as he ignored Louis’ statement.
The vampire had barely busted out of the castle before they were caught by the rushing authorities. It had been doubly hard considering he had to manhandle not only his incapacitated fledgling but the very weakened mortal detective as well. He had not wanted to mar the beautiful chapel even more than it already had been due to Moriarty’s thwarted plans but he had been left little choice. The disorientating effects of the spider-demons control was so slow to wear off, that he had not heard the marshalled security until their route of escape had been blocked. He may have been mentally hampered by the drug-like control Moriarty had used over him, but he was his physical powers were not weakened. He blasted a hole in the stone wall and rushed out into the night, taking flight as he did so, a passenger under each arm.
“Sherlock.” As John whispered the name he watched those magnificent eyes blaze. Drawing the captured hand slowly up above those dark curly locks he leaned in close until their lips were a breath apart. “I know exactly who I am in bed with.”
The doctor's mouth twitched with amusement, but he leaned his hands down on the edge of the high mattress, and answered, "Ugh, no, Sherlock. I'm afraid spooning after that conversation might not be in our best interests. You're really drunk..." he was unable to stop the unbidden laughter that rose in his throat.  He shook his head and finished, "I can't believe it...and what was it? Two, maybe three glasses?"
“I really did not want to entangle you in this problematic situation,” Louis said, pulling the collar of his coat a little higher to keep the wet from running down his neck, “and I would understand if you wished to keep your distance.”  He waited a moment, trying to calculate the proper response.  It made little sense to mince words with a vampire as keen and cunning as Armand.  “But the truth is, I need your help.”
His body itched with the need to be outside, to be free of the daytime safe-house, which protected him both from prying mortals and from the deathly light beyond. He was restless—had been all day—wishing, worrying, thinking, regretting. He slept now because his body demanded it—this new body that was so unfamiliar in comparison to when it had once been mortal. Immortality had changed many things and it was not easy to wrap one’s mind around how it affected everything—every little minute aspect of one’s self.
John shook his head.  “Gotta’ be a ploy of some kind.” He surmised, which was likely true.  But who’s?
Lestat paced the length of the balcony, bare feet on mosaic tile. This particular tile had been painstakingly placed by hand to replicate a few of the patterned sections of the Ravenna. Turning he suddenly snatched a large potted plan and flung it wildly out into the evening with a fierce snarl.
His movements were smooth as he lowered Louis back to rest on the grass, while his hand replaced the workings of his mouth, sliding the throbbing shaft of the other immortal. Louis’ eyes were scrunched shut as fingers dug into the earth below him, chest heaving with the fast breaths.  He gasped between low groans of pleasure. Armand was positioned between the spread legs, his own erection painful and weeping from desire.
Sherlock groaned in protest.  How very dull he felt the woman was being!  Days of blessed silence only to have it broken for such mediocrity.  "He is not dead, Marisa, stop beating yourself with your own imaginary guilt, it’s so pedestrian." he snapped.
Now here he was.  Walking the lonely streets of a dark and cold London, making his way back home to the woman he had promised to love, after the detective had fallen out of his life.  As his breath misted as it hit the chilled air he couldn't help cursing the damnable man.  He hadn't stopped loving Sherlock.  He wasn't capable of it.  The man had been taken from him, torn from his life, and Mary had helped patch him back together.  She kept him moving, working, bearable.  Made him human again.
Louis foot gently nudged his and the soft whisper of his voice filled John’s mind, ‘John, you mustn’t stare so.’
The close contact was both desirable and uncomfortable for the younger vampire.  Louis was cautious with his maker, seeing the man had proved his veracious appetite for his company in the past and the dark haired vampire wished not to entice the other for more demonstration of this fact.  Louis hoped to give the other enough attention to garner from his interactions what exactly his plans were here in the city.  Lestat's boredom was the only thing that Louis had come to fear more than the man's tendency to devour his time, company, and belongings.  The blond would go to great means to interfere with Louis' desires and arrangements if only to appease his own lust for entertainment and company.  His own intentions in London regarding the detective from Baker Street was not something that Louis wished his maker to meddle with and he found it unusual to even consider that the world's first consulting detective would not intrigue the other.
The dark blue eyes narrowed at the word choice, as his thumb hit the send button and he brought the phone to his ear, hearing it ring once. Lestat smiled at him, dazzling white teeth with sharp incisors exposed as the second ring registered though the small speaker.  John’s heart rate began to rise. He heard the third ring and the tell-tale sound of the phone call being answered.
Lifting both hands he braced them against Sherlock’s pale shoulders. In a lightning-quick motion, he hooked a leg around the detectives. He pushed and twisted, throwing the younger man to the mattress. Having successfully switched their position John settled himself firmly on the man, straddling his thighs and leaned forward. Releasing his grip on those sinfully soft shoulders John trailed his fingertips along well-muscled biceps, dipping into crooks of the elbow before sliding down forearms to loosely grasp the detective's wrists.
John bristled and waspishly snapped back to the other, “And what are you going to do?  Draw me a bloody picture?”
He stumbled as he approached his flat, foot catching on the slightly curled rug that spanned the length of the hallway and thumped into his door with a soft oath. Frowning to himself he leaned against it and pulled out his keys once more. He slid the key in and turned the lock. After hearing the distinctive click he withdrew the key and tucked them back into his coat.
“Clothing.” The word left Sherlock’s lips as his eyes snapped open and he sprung up from the chair then sat down immediately, tossing his head back and bumping it with a loud thud against the jacquard printed wall behind him. “Body was too clean, what idiot would leave something on the clothing.”
The doctor struggled against the other who was now on top of him, fighting to keep his hands free from capture, when Sherlock's knees pinned his biceps, effectively ending the struggle for dominance.  Sitting straight upright on his prisoner, he crowed triumphantly, "Ah-Ha! I've won, Doctor Watson, you must yield."
Greg turned back to the detective, who rumbled a low groan of displeasure, as his hands held his head.  “You look like shit, Sherlock.” He stated bluntly.
With the lightning quick speed that only an immortal was capable of, the blond felt the other move, the whisking brush of the collar from his neck, the sudden iron grip of Louis’s grasp forcing his neck bared, and heard the soft crunch of his skin as teeth sank into his pale throat.  Lestat relented his own mouth’s pursuits in wake of his lover’s sudden play, yet even as Louis drew from his bloodstream he would not yield the grasp he held on the other’s hips, too enamored by this amorous change between them.  It had been years since they had been close, touched, kissed, adventured, but it had been decades since Louis had willingly taken this of Lestat.
John walked slowly away from the man, coming to stand by his chair. He reached out a slow hand, running it over the length of the back with familiarity. Sherlock could see the tension in the immortal’s face, mixed with an odd sense of longing that he could not quite understand. “You know,” John said in a low, careful tone, “I really miss this place.”
His brother produced a plane ticket from the inner pocket of his suit jacket and offered it to him.  The ticket was for a red eye in a few hours that would take him across the ocean to Newfoundland.  The detective refused to take it and instead reached across to wipe his finger at the small trace of white powdered sugar on his brother’s expensive grey suit.  Mycroft lost all composure in the face of such ignorant torment and slapped his hand away with a disgusted bluster.  “Ugh—grow up!  Please realize…”, he paused only to straighten his jacket and attempt to quell his heightened rage at the blatant slight sustained, as Sherlock added insult to injury and made a show of licking the sugar from his finger, “that I am trying to help you.”
Louis dropped the phone back into his pocket and began home. It would have been a long walk back to his flat but Louis took the opportunity to truly look at the city, enjoying the architecture and design of the old world and the new. When areas became more commercial or less friendly to pedestrians he would move with the speed granted to him and so that by the time he rounded the block to his flat on Baker Street no more then a half hour had passed.
There were people screaming all around in the street, running frantically about or frozen in place.  Lestat cursed under his breath. Wasting no time, he tossed the detective into the passenger seat, before he quickly got behind the wheel and the silver Benz roared off into the night.
"Exactly!" John shot back, shaking his head. "Show an ounce of decency and clean this up before I'm back."
“I will keep that in mind.” John said, turning to walk away, when his arm was caught gently.  He turned back to see slightly anxious looking emerald eyes looking down into his own.
“Being a blood drinking immortal being with supernatural strength and agility?” the detective clarified, in his swift clear speech.
Then there was a roaring thunder clap and a flashing of movement that made him dizzy.  Sherlock was suddenly separated from John, his body slumped forward on the sofa and it was all he could do to prop himself upright.  He was unsure where John had been taken, for he was certain the doctor had not been removed of his own volition.  There was lots of unnatural growls and snarls that filled his ear drums and echoed throughout the penthouse and when his eyes finally beheld the source he realized that most of the noise was yelling.
This was by no means how he felt at the moment, however, and he did an about-face, heading back through the door into the bedroom. It was midsummer in London now and based on the light filtering through the crack in the drapes, it was already well into the morning. The city had been hit by a week of unseasonably hot weather that left the air humid and sour. As if adding insult to injury, the night refrained from bringing any kind of cool relief. John hoped today would be different, seeing as his skin had already felt some cool relief, but he was not about to hold his breath.
“What has it done to him?” Sherlock demanded, surprised by his own panic, as he turned desperate eyes on her.
It was a short lived freedom.  The doctor's exigent grasp took hold of him again with the same result, an eager pressing of mouth's that Sherlock found even harder to fight.  John was giving him what he wanted, after all, and it was hard to deny himself that desire that had blossomed within him and that burned hotter and more demanding with each touch from the other man.  His lips parted and he tasted the tongue of the other man as it came inside, lapping and tickling, as his lips caressed his own.  John had him pressed against the wall of the claw foot bath, one hand gripping the back of his neck aggressively, the other braced against the tubs edge, even as his own grasp on the man's wrists yielded. Sherlock tried not to think.  Tried only to enjoy what was his again, to take pleasure in that part of him that had been returned, renewed, and finally was completed once more.
"Always, Louis. There are little alarms that go off whenever I cross your mind. It's quite annoying actually with how frequent it is and all. I wasn't going to say anything but now that you mention it..." The voice was comically apologetic towards the end of the jab.
“I’m afraid I am bereft of a fitting explanation for now.” The voice replied.  “Please, try to remain calm.  A solution is being crafted, as we speak.  I am sure that you have found that the suite has been stocked with everything that you need in the meantime to make your stay a little bit more comfortable.  Please take advantage of it—.”
John did the latter for him.  With a press of his head, the doctor's lips were suddenly, crushingly, against his own.  They were open, hungry, and yearning.  This Sherlock knew the answer to.  He pressed his hips forward, wasting no time with hesitation, and grappled the man he had been aching to embrace.
Before settling down to his blog writing, he closed the drapes to keep the sunlight and its heat out. If the parlour heated up there would be no point in even attempting to sleep in his room above. He flipped on the lamp on his desk and sat in his chair.
"I'm fine, I just need to sleep. Stay here. Don't follow me or try to break into the safe room. I could literally kill you and have no idea until I wake up. I really don’t want to wake up to having murdered the one person still alive who is important to me." The words were becoming slurred by the end as he rallied the last of his strength to get into the safe room in the cellar below.
The woman who had spotted him staring off was in her early thirties and quite pretty. John watched them askance. Her lips were stained a deep pink and a glittering flowered clip pulled a couple of curls back to hang in a soft drape across the side of her manicured brow. He zoned in on just this one, plucking from her mind that the girl who sat opposite her was a relative. He didn’t have to read her to know that they were also best mates.
They too may become collateral damage in this battle.  Innocence killed because of a senseless war, where no main party was worthy of winning.
Lestat had not bothered to clean anything up when he had last left the flat.  The drywall in the man’s bedroom was a little battered in spots and the tub was still full of the water he had bathed in.  It was very entertaining to watch the detective investigate these things, standing in the respective rooms assessing and deducting and trying to explain it all.
Sherlock’s pale eyes scrutinized the cardstock, making quick work of his examination, flipping it over only twice before proclaiming, “It’s a fake.  A decoy to placate the easily dissuaded.”  He ripped the postcard in half and tossed the pieces aside.
There was soft pop and then only the broken and weeping form of the vampire Lestat remained in the black space, with only the sound of his quiet sobs.
When he had finished, he left the note on the small side table in the foyer and turned his attentions to the flat above.  He could tell that the flat was silent.  Sherlock was not there and he was incredibly thankful for it.  He went up and was surprised to find the flat in the state that it was.
Sherlock’s hands gripped his hips and pinned him back to the mattress before he once more took control of their pace. He forced them to go slow even as his mouth drove John higher and higher with every passing second. His fingers began to trace small intricate patterns into John’s trembling skin, the nails gentle and caressing one second then biting the next.
David sighed again, long and grating, as fingers came up and rubbed at his temple.  “I myself cannot but I do still have some connections that may be of use here.” the vampire admitted.  Then his demeanor shifted from one of sympathy and compassion to something else John was not sure he liked.  “The question is…why should I?”
That line only made the smile deepen, two perfect dimples registering in the hollows of his cheeks.  He chuckled, as he made another lazy circle around the light standard, and replied succinctly, “Why, of course.”
Sherlock let out a low, shuddering breath and moved in behind John’s spread legs. He spread himself across John’s back, head dipping to place soft trailing kisses along his spine and shoulders. He coiled himself around John’s still shaking form, one hand splaying across his chest, the other sliding down to grasp him in a firm grip.
He was free at last. He took pleasure in it, thankful that the puffin had seen fit to save them all.
The cigarette was drawn back to his lips as the mousy woman rejected the jacket with an appreciative blush and smile.  Feeling awkward to have his gentlemanly gesture snubbed, he slowly maneuvered back into it, leaving the front undone and open to invite the chilled air within.  Molly was grateful, but she must not have intended to stay with him long.
Remembering how irate the prat had been, spurred John’s motivation. Not his confidence. No, he still felt exposed reading aloud to the detective, but to exact even a small morsel of revenge was enough to risk it.
The heat of the fire was welcoming, thawing him little by little, as Marisa dished him out a bowl of the same puffin soup.  They ate in silence by the fire.  He knew that she had been with her puffins all day.  Her fingers were dirty and ink stained, despite being pink from washing, and clinging to her jeans was still a feather or two as well as bits of heath.  The ringed notebook on the table was wet from being outside, worn, and well loved.  The ornithologist was dedicated, to say the least.
!" Johns eyes were bright and reflective. Unnatural and mesmerizing. They were also casting an incredibly saturnine look at Sherlock, which did bemuse him.
"It is absolutely curious that we should find one another." the voice was Lestat’s, rousing the consulting detective from the murky depths of a drugged slumber. Everything was just out of focus and there was a golden halo of light around the head of vampire who spoke over him.
With a sharp inhalation, he thrust, only to find the younger man’s body not in line with his own. John made to sit up, only to be firmly pushed back. Sharp nails slid down his ribs, forcing another sound from his lips. Those amazing hands traveled further down, hooking on his pants and tugging them down. Sherlock leaned in as he pulled at the material. After a quick kiss, he bit hard on John’s hip. As John thrust forward with a startled cry the pants were pulled down and off in seconds.
John rocked slowly, forcing their erections into contact again and again, the sweat and oil coating their skin allowing for a smoother slide. Leaning forward he once more caught those delicious lips with his own. Sherlock’s mouth opened immediately and their tongues duelled for dominance.
Sherlock took found the IV in his arm with his clumsy fingers.  He took a moment to feel it, make sure that he pinched the head of it firmly, before he ripped it from his arm, tossing it aside.  It burned as the needle left his skin and he applied pressure for a few minutes to the puncture, laying his head back on the pillow.  His head was swimming, even with that little bit of effort.  There was certainly something else in there along side the morphine.
John lifts his chin slightly, the line of his mouth firm, something commanding in his eyes, and the men fall silent. Sherlock feels heat spreading through his chest in response to that look. He tugs at his neck cloth, filled suddenly with the desire to pull it off.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, and without another word, Ferguson retreats down the hallway, and disappears up the stairs.
He let himself fall forward onto Sherlock’s back, covering Sherlock’s body with his own as he floated his way through post-orgasmic bliss.
He found himself wishing for Sherlock’s ability to focus, to drown out all other stimuli, but John had never had that kind of mental fortitude. No, he was far too aware of his own body—the sweating, clamoring, distracting racket of his throbbing pulse, the furious tremor of his shaking hands.
“Of course.” Sherlock hesitates, knowing he should offer to take her there himself; he knows it is the gentlemanly thing to do.
Sherlock’s expression turned pouty for a moment and then brightened. “Oh really?” He ducked back down to John’s other ear, his voice taunting. “I thought this was about the fact that I just beat you,
The buttons of Sherlock’s waistcoat are all undone but the garment is still around his shoulders, flapping open at his chest to expose the expensive linen shirt beneath, the quality of the fabric so fine, it is soft as a breath against Sherlock’s skin as he squirms against the mattress, desperate to bring John’s body into contact with his.
He suddenly remembers his bleeding hand, and his agitation with himself and his own stupidity is severe, as he must waste precious seconds tearing off a length of his now ruined shirt to wrap around his palm. The cut is shallow and scarcely bleeding anymore, but Sherlock binds it just to be sure he does not spill a drop of blood onto the triangle of paper.
John regretted the words as soon as they were out of his mouth. He heard the rushed and desperate quality in his voice when he said the word ‘kiss’ and hated himself for how stupid he sounded; like an infatuated teenager stumbling around his first crush, stammering and blushing.
In all the time John had known him, in all the madness of the last month, John had never seen Sherlock lose control like this.
He hears John’s triumphant shout as he reaches the water line and looks up to see John continue running through the breaking waves until he’s waist deep in the churning surf, and then dive, head-first into the waves.
Sherlock nods and ducks his head to hide the sorrow on his face. Looking down, he sees the gleam of silver on his chest.
“I told you to watch out for fire, didn’t I, Doctor Watson?” His voice was an amused drawl. “But your sort never listen, do they?”
He can feel the warmth of John’s palm through the thin fabric and even though all he wants is for John’s fingers to pull apart the fastenings on his trousers and take him in his hand, he needs to warn John that if he does, Sherlock will be done for.
He lowered John down onto the bed, somehow managing to do so without moving his mouth from John’s neck. Sometime in the space between reaching the top of the stairs and arriving in Sherlock’s bedroom, Sherlock’s mouth had returned to the underside of John’s throat and resumed performing the magical combination of licking and sucking that made John forget that there was anything more to him than just miles and miles of undiscovered skin.
He must be assuming whoever took it would do exactly what Sherlock has just done: go snooping to see if what’s listed on the inventory matches what’s down in the hold.
When Sherlock was a boy, his family used to spend summers on the coast in Devon with his mother’s family. They went nearly every summer until his mother’s health declined and the journey became too much for her. Since it was primarily Mycroft’s job to look after him in those early years, Sherlock was free to do as he liked. He’d spend hours climbing over rocks and peering in tide pools, collecting shells along the shoreline, and splashing in the chilly water. He’d stay in so long he’d turn blue with cold, and they’d send Mycroft out to tow him back to shore again.
The pull in John’s smile, the low light in his eyes, is almost enough to convince Sherlock to set his instrument down and disappear with John into the crowd, but just then, Aidan turns to him.
John’s eyes are still shut. Sherlock wants to kiss his trembling lashes, so gold against his cheeks.
Sherlock looks back up at John with shining eyes, utterly unable to convey the extent of his gratitude.
He hated that Sherlock could so easily hear every nuance of desire in the lift of his voice, that he could see the rising shame on John’s face; that even now, Sherlock could probably guess what he was thinking, could see the conflict raging in him, just below the surface.
Sherlock smiles briefly to himself, checks the corridor quickly to make sure no one is in sight, and then pulls open the door to the captain’s study.
John opens his eyes and offers Sherlock a watery smile. “You should probably put that candle out, I reckon we’ll need it badly on some night in the future. Wouldn’t want to waste it.”
Deverall takes a seat beside Hopkins, who—Sherlock is irritated to see—straightens up conspicuously at Deverall’s arrival, a smug expression tugging at the corners of his mouth, as if by sitting beside him Deverall has blessed him with a special purpose.
But he can hear the sound of footsteps now—clearly above their heads—the sounds of muffled voices raised in conversation.
Sherlock looks at Molly’s face. Her upswept hair and the low angle of the hat do much to disguise her at a passing glance; but it’s true that if anyone were to look at her for more than a moment, she’d be recognized.
“I’ve seen a lot of fevers in my day—treated men, women, children, little babies in the grips of terrible illness. Some of them I saved. Some of them I couldn’t.” John shakes his head, moving the cloth to the place where Sherlock’s neck meets his shoulder. “I’ve never seen anyone survive a fever as bad as that.”
His body is electric, shivering, overwhelmed with the desire to feel John against him, all of him, every inch of skin and bone and muscle on top of him, touching him, but John holds himself at a distance.
Miss Hooper is present, and it seems Aunt Gertrude has recovered from her ailments because she is back at the girl’s side.
Sherlock stares at John, disappointment and confusion warring with his promise to himself that he would concede to John’s wishes during the entirety of their stay on shore. He didn’t
John checked on Sherlock periodically throughout the afternoon and was relieved to find him sound asleep each time. He called in to cancel his shift at the hospital, explaining to Sarah that yes everything was fine, but that Sherlock had had rather a bad accident and needed looking after. He’d responded to a concerned text from Lestrade, assuring him that Sherlock was sleeping.
Sherlock squints into the sun, realizing, only now that he has said it out loud, just how true it really is.
They’ve been waiting for this moment for so long—hoping for it, dreaming about it with their every waking thought, longing for it with every breath in their bodies—all the while, never quite believing it was possible. And now after all that waiting, they’re here, and it’s difficult to believe that any of this is real.
Sherlock recalls seeing farmhands returning from the fields at dusk during the harvest season moving in a similar manner, as though their bodies were no longer their own.
Sherlock has never felt like a part of anything before. He’s always been the strange one, the outsider—he’s never been
“I would love nothing more than to hurt you in every way imaginable. And believe me, I can be quite imaginative. I could put you in the iron maiden and bleed you dry. Strap you to the rack and stretch you till your joints popped. But you’re not afraid of pain, are you?” He dug his thumb in harder, his enraged face inches from John’s. John felt a muscle in his jaw twitch. “I could give you any injury and you’d bite off your own tongue before you made a sound. No, I’ll have to destroy you a different way. There’s something that affects you much more, isn’t there?” Moriarty relinquished the pressure on the wound and dragged his bloody thumb up John’s cheek and over his bottom lip, lowering his face to John’s as he pushed his thumb in against John’s teeth, lip curling as he did so. “
The men sing along with him on the chorus, lifting their glasses, and a chill moves through Sherlock at the sound of so many voices coming together with John’s.
The celebration is being held in the rather grand stateroom just below the quarterdeck that serves as an antechamber to the captain’s private quarters. Sherlock is surprised that the captain would allow the festivities to take place so close to his own rooms, however, there aren’t very many other places on the ship large enough for such an event. The ship that they are on, although less grand than some of the frigates in Her Majesty’s Navy, is possessed of a stateroom spacious enough to comfortably fit a large gathering of people with just enough space for a small dance floor.
“Keep your body loose. If you tense up when I hit you then you won’t be able to recover quick enough to come back at me. Try and loosen up. Shake your shoulders out.”
There is also an openness, a lightness to John’s dancing that is essential to what makes him a good dancer. He is responsive to Sherlock’s movements as much as he is to the music so that it never feels like he is steering Sherlock around the floor, but rather that they are dancing
Sherlock dropped his mouth to John’s ear, lips caressing the shell of it as he spoke. “I want you to come in my mouth. I want to know what you taste like when I’ve driven you over the edge.”
He never gets there in time. No matter how hard he runs, how violently he throws himself into the street, he’s always stopped by the force of the cyclist, thrown to his knees, momentarily distracted from the unthinkable, from the fate he refuses to accept. But as he crawls forward, staggering, desperate, it’s not the blood that stops him, or the contorted angle of the arms and legs, the wrongness of the body, it’s the blank blue of Sherlock’s eyes when they turn him over, staring up at nothing—unseeing.
John let out a wail of frustration. It wasn’t working. Sherlock wasn’t giving up. “It doesn’t matter. He only told me what I already knew.”
“Well, she was irritated by how much time I spent with you for one. I think when I agreed to go on this trip she thought it would mean she finally had my undivided attention.” John chuckled bitterly to himself. “Apparently physical distance between us doesn’t change the fact that I talk about you constantly. She got pretty fed up with that.” John took a drink of wine and realized that Sherlock had refilled his glass again. “And then of course there was the sex. Or should I say the lack thereof.”
to hear him playing anyway, with the exception of Miss Hooper perhaps. He still hasn’t made his mind up about her, but there’s a chance she might be different than the rest of them.
Although he can’t see this man, the danger coming off him is as palpable as the cold air pouring in through the broken window. John clenches his fingers into fists behind him, the adrenaline in his blood making his pulse throb in his temples.
It is dark in this corner of the ship but the stars are bright here under the tropical sky and Sherlock can see that John’s eyes are enormous, filled with hunger.
“I told him I had information that would interest him, that I would give it to him in exchange for removing Anderson from his position.”
