Well to be honest I'm not sure who's still reading this. Good news? No one to murder me for my sins against these poor characters. Bad news? No one is telling me how much it sucks so I'm not sure how to improve.
The bar was my chance. I didn’t have long until Moran realized something was wrong. I grabbed a bottle from behind the counter, smashed it open. That was loud. I had maybe ten seconds before someone stopped me; it had to be enough.
“Richmond, I think.” And he’s on the scent too. We’re all thinking the same thing, for once, the geniuses and the goldfish, I think I once heard Sherlock say.
“And the poor Doctor Richmond. I was going to let him move on with his life, take the money and leave. But you just proved that you can’t be trusted with yourself. Whatever would we have done without a doctor?”
I studied my wrists. Still cuffed, but somewhat cleaned and no longer bleeding. Judging by the state of the wounds and the rate of the healing, the cuts weren't even a day old yet. There’s my answer. Someone with medical experience had clearly tended to them, they had--
I can see the recognition in her eyes, the understanding of the implication, and the moment she gives in.
I tried desperately to focus, but the fog of waking up remained; my senses, usually sharp as Sherlock’s, were dulled. I must be drugged, of course, or have been recently. Slowly, I took in my situation as best I could.
I smiled. It was a dreadful attempt at humor, really, but the reference to Mycroft’s practical tag line was unmistakable.
The camera, I was certain, was there to display my plight to Sherlock and John. If Moriarty was even contemplating turning it on, either to record or live stream, this was going to be worse than I thought.
I couldn’t see, couldn’t hear. My eyes burned and my head rang. I could feel the confusion of the people around me, the others on the floor that must have been my family.
I was on the bed in the jet, and we were in the air. That much was unmistakable. When I saw Doctor Richmond sitting at the bar, I had to process for a moment, but it made sense. Of course that was something Moriarty would do. Of course he wasn’t safe.
I sank back down onto my side, breathing heavily. It wouldn’t do to injure myself any further. Not at all. Breathe.
Then Moriarty speaks and she realizes this is not quite 221B the morning after visions of weeping angels brought her downstairs in the middle of the night.
It only took me a few minutes to find the entrance, or, rather, exit. In all that time, I saw no one, only the beautiful, empty house.
But predictably enough, Moran quickly tired of the games, and with a grunt lifted me from the ground and over his shoulder. Moriarty remained uncharacteristically silent.
Sherlock makes a low groaning sound, a sound of despair, and my eyes snap back open. I glance at the screen, nothing new there, and turn to Sherlock. Still as a statue, barely even breathing. I gently lift his hand from where it’s resting on his lap, take it in mine. I trace small circles on the back of it, and he seems to relax slightly.
“You only had to be a little more careful, and you would never have been in the right place to take you.”
Besides my concern for him, there’s a practical side to my worry. While I am certain he will do anything in his power to help Allie, I’m not sure he’ll be able to focus like he needs to. While Mycroft is also affected, I hope he’s better off than Sherlock; otherwise, we might not get her back.
I heard the door open and before I had the chance to react in any defensive capacity, I could smell the food.
Still the whipping went on. I opened my eyes to reduce that sensory input of the flail only to find myself staring directly into a camera. I quickly closed them again.
Sorry, that was a longer-than-intended break in uploading chapters. I'm trying to be more consistent (I actually have the next chapter pretty much written, probably gonna put it up tomorrow, it's a bit longer), but sometimes life just...lifes.
As per the usual, please please PLEASE comment if you see any issues so I can fix them. Not beta'd, not britpicked, so...I a verrrrry prone to mistakes.
As usual, if you noticed something...off, don't hesitate to leave a comment. Or just leave your thoughts. Or just let me know that you exist. IDK, I'm kinda desperate for feedback of any sort at this point...pathetic, right? I do appreciate those kudoses (what's the plural of kudos?) though, more than I deserve, that's for sure.
John was gentler, too, like I might break. He was there when I cried; comforted me as I tried to scream, still silent. No surgery for a month and a half yet.
According to Mycroft, we know a great deal more than I would have supposed, but that’s hardly surprising.
With growing horror, I realized there were some sort of metal shackles around my ankles and wrists, and a collar on my neck. Not connected to anything at the moment, but the threat behind them loomed in the darkest corners of my imagination.
I twisted on the floor, grabbed his ankle, pulled him down with me. A blow to the head was all I had time for. Disorient him for a minute. Keep him quiet.
Anyways, hope you liked it. I'm not sure if anyone's still reading at this point but who cares? Actually I do. I very much do.
Occasionally, he’ll throw in something new. Change it up a bit. We were all horrified--horrified doesn't cover it really--after Moriarty spent a solid hour describing filthy things he could let his men do to Allie. In graphic detail. I tried to turn the volume off as soon as it was clear what he was doing, but Sherlock stopped me with a pained expression. I understood, of course. We had to listen, had to pay attention for any slip up that could lead us to Allie.
I tried to stay awake as long as possible, but with the adrenaline and immediate threat gone, there was only so much I could do. Within minutes of Moriarty’s departure, I succumbed to the worst pain of my life and drifted into a hazy sort of semi-consciousness, filled with hallucinations and dreams.
Aaaaaand we're back to John and present tense. Oh joy. This chapter should be interesting, we'll see. I did some minor editing to the last chapter, nothing too important, but if you want to reread feel free. Enjoy!
From my new position, I could see several more cameras, including one above the headboard, directly in front of me. Red lights blinked from all of them.
After pausing to adjust, I moved towards the wardrobes. I’d be damned if I was going to escape naked. If I got out, when I got out, I had to be wearing something.
The four of us walk back through identical hallways, following the doctor Mycroft threatened or bribed or what have you. To a room likely identical to countless others, save for its occupant.
In that spirit, if you spot anything wrong or inconsistent, please please PLEASE let me know. Y'all are my beta readers and my common sense filters. If you WANT to beta read for me for realzies, let me know and we'll give it a try. I don't know why you WOULD, but ya know, if you really want to subject yourself to such torture so badly then be my guest. Until then, whoever is reading this, consider yourself my safety net.
“Hmmm, I forgot you can't speak. How could you possibly show me your preference? I wouldn't want to misunderstand your decision.”
When my head finally began to clear, I tried to sit up, holding onto the door against the swaying of the moving car. As I did, I heard a low growl of disapproval.
I barely dared breathe; I could see now in those black demon’s eyes a world of anger and of possessiveness and perhaps a tinge of sadness, all clouded by the slightest mist of boredom.
It made sense, of course, in a twisted sort of way. Want to keep me locked up and largely unsupervised? Desperate enough, and I might just break my thumb, dislocate something, snap my bones and be free.
He reaches down to her and I have to resist the urge to yell, the need to scream at him to stop touching my daughter you bastard, because he can’t hear and even if he could I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.
I was already beginning to hate waking up. Those first few moments of blissful ignorance, followed by a swift sucker-punch of realization.
Finally, a doctor approaches, and is intercepted by Mycroft. They argue in harsh whispers, until it is clear Mycroft has won. You should never underestimate the power of a minor position in the British government.
I wrapped her in a hug. Then Greg was there, awkwardly patting Allie’s back, then Mycroft, making another call.
We’ve reached the 24-hour mark, best as I can estimate, and neither Sherlock nor myself have slept in all that time. While I can’t vouch for Greg or Mycroft, I doubt they have, either.
I studied my work. Pulled a coat and pair of socks from the pile for good measure. Then I retrieved the matches and lit the whole thing up.
Like hell it was fair. From the moment I woke up, Doctor Richmond had made no effort to hide his roaming stares. I knew what was going to happen here, and so did Moriarty. It seemed so out of place for him, so not his style, that I began to wonder how much he knew about my past. Probably everything. It would explain this particular torture.
Oh, he still hinted at our guilt. Still tried to plant seeds of resentment. Still whispered, “Surely, with all their resources, if they were really trying they could have gotten you back by now.”
I stared at him with the most vengeful look I could muster, and made no move, affirmative or otherwise. He frowned quite dramatically.
Welcome one and all to the demented product of a twisted mind. I'm not entirely sure where this is going, but hopefully somewhere interesting. Enjoy!
Sherlock freezes at the touch and gives Mycroft a withering look. Mycroft, to his credit, doesn’t flinch, doesn’t shy away, but keeps on going.
After being relieved of all clothing in transport, the cool night air stung my skin and made my eyes water. I was dragged again, from the car to a jet, stumbling and taking every opportunity to delay. I knew once I was on that jet, it was likely I’d never come back.
Well, I'm uploading again, as promised, which is probably an anomaly. I guess technically I'm a day late (20 minutes past midnight in my time zone) but y'know, close enough.
Finally, he came up for air, breath hot against my face. I kept my eyes closed. I didn't want to look at him, didn't want to look at the cameras. My mouth, I was certain, must be swollen; my face, red.
Moran half-dropped, half-shoved me onto the floor, then turned and hit a button that retracted the stairs and closed the door.
When I woke up, I was cold, but not alone. There was someone sitting in the bed beside me. Eyes still closed, I snuggled against the person next to me for warmth.
Slowly, things got better. I communicated more frequently. My back truly began to heal. The others started to return to normal, too. Mrs. Hudson was first, of course, back to tales of her husband we’d all heard a thousand times. Back to bustling around and cleaning and making tea and reminding everyone that she was not, in fact, their housekeeper. Life seemed to return to Greg next. His face didn’t tense at the sight of me like it did at first. The pity and regret were only traces in his eyes. Mycroft tried so hard to cover his changes that it was difficult to tell when he was back, but he was. More relaxed. More comfortable. More in command.
When I get back to the couch, he’s still sitting. His eyes, glued to the screen, are shining, whether with fury or sorrow or both I can’t tell. My money’s on the last one. The rest of his face is blank; probably in an attempt to control the emotions so that he works more efficiently, maybe because of the shock. Gingerly, I sit beside him again, and join in watching the painful scene before us.
I stayed there, in that grey place, as oblivious to the world as I could make myself. I was aware the strikes had halted, but the pain continued, coming in waves.
I can’t bring myself to think about what might be happening, right now, at this very moment. Sherlock has so many enemies, too many to keep track of: people he’s put behind bars, people he’s insulted, friends and family of either group. Since meeting him, I’ve gained enemies too.
I was wrapped in a sheet and comforter, both well made, and lying on a bed. Four poster, by my line of sight. I shuddered at the implications of these facts, coupled with the realization I was wearing exactly nothing. My throat felt...odd, I couldn’t quite place it.
The jet was outfitted with all the nicest luxury money could buy. Not the original interior, likely stripped and redesigned, with a bed stretching from one side of the cabin to the other in the back and a mini-bar towards the front. All pleasure, no business; unlike Moriarty, but it worked for me.
In Moriarty’s hands, I was as good as dead. Why drag it out at the cost of a city, a nation, the world? At the cost of my family?
Here's a chapter five. I'm not sure if anyone's reading this far. Who knows, really? Back to Allie, poor girl. It just keeps getting worse and worse, doesn't it? Well, it has to get better eventually, doesn't it? Enjoy!
As per usual, drop a comment if you have anything to say, correct, add, yell at me for, etc. I received a very interesting comment on the last chapter (interesting in a good way) and let me tell you, the feedback is definitely appreciated. Thanks!
He’s typing furiously into his phone, finding this or sending that, when Mycroft gingerly places a hand on his shoulder. He’s seen this look, too, knows that this could work in the long run, could be harnessed, but if he has any common sense, he’s just as worried about the short term as I am.
There’s no evidence that she’s been taken anyway. Mycroft hasn’t found anything yet, which means this could go either way.
Mycroft is already on the phone, probably trying to lock down all of England, and Greg is on his, too, probably doing the same. But Sherlock, sitting against the bar counter, knees drawn up to his chest and tears leaking from his eyes as he mutters the most words he’s spoken this month, has undoubtedly come to the same conclusion as I.
My voice may have been silenced, but my stomach was not. Moriarty actually chuckled when it growled. I’d been living moment to moment so far, but suddenly the gnawing of a lack of food and a general sense of dehydration set in. I lost no small amount of blood, so it was surprising I hadn’t suffered worse from the effects.
I lay there in disgust and agony, tired but even more determined now, until the light disappeared from the windows completely and Moriarty began to snore softly behind me.
Instead of picturing myself, I called up mental images of strangling Moriarty. These almost brought a smile to my lips.
Mycroft consults the doctor again, in softer tones, then turns to inform us of what we just overheard.
She hasn’t taken Moriarty down to kill him. She knows she’d never beat Moran, and he’d still have her at his mercy, still be able to carry out Moriarty’s twisted plans. She’s taken Moriarty down to give herself time. She’s done the math and knows her best chance to free Sherlock to stop Moriarty is to take herself out of the equation.
“Your protection. Your people. Your security. And now she’s gone. If you hadn’t told her that she‘d be safe, she would never have left the flat!” His voice is rising now, each word tinged with the hiss of accusation.
The light was dimmer now, the sunlight no longer coming directly through the windows. It was still day, that much was clear, but late afternoon or evening.
It’s the back of a car, what kind, I’m not sure, but Mycroft and Sherlock can probably tell. It’s Allie, all right, tears in her eyes, shielding herself with her arms as Moran reaches toward her.
When that maniac joined her in the massive bed, wrapped her in his arms possessively, and all she could do was lie still.
Sherlock is right, in a way. We are all the reason she’s gone, he must know that. Mycroft the backup, Greg the bodyguard, Sherlock the security camera, and me, the protective father who let his guard down for just one semi-normal night. He’s right, because if we hadn’t agreed, if we hadn’t done what the doctor suggested--
From there it gets a bit more complicated. The surest fact past a general probable range of location was the identity of the blond. Sebastian Moran, accomplished marksman, ex-army colonel. Until recently, a somewhat prominent figure in the London underworld. Apparent second to Moriarty.
When none other than Doctor Richmond arrives, it’s a whole new bag of mixed feelings. On one hand, it confirms my suspicions, proves me right. On the other hand, there’s no way we’ll find him now.
The writing for this chapter feels a bit sub-par to me personally, but as I'm not sure how to fix it we'll just say it's because John is feeling a bit overwhelmed at the moment. Yeah, that works.
Oh yes, it was suspicious. Why on earth would Moriarty leave it like that? But I pushed those thoughts away. Who knows what went on while I was asleep? Who cares that he isn’t here, like he always is? He has to consult with his clients sometimes, after all.
I plop down in a chair next to him in the waiting space. Take his hand in mine, rub slow, calming circles on the back of it. We sit like that for what seems like hours. I never stop, he never relaxes.
“Why does she still have that collar on?” I move closer to the bed, concerned. She’s in a hospital gown, now, for which I am glad. Better than Moriarty’s clothes. But by the time Mycroft finds the right words, with an uncharacteristic pause, I know what he’ll say. Even though he didn’t discuss it with the doctor.
I always was better than Sherlock with emotions. As familiar as he was with their chemistry, it was I who could unravel the layers, could find the soul, could see what a person really was.
Sherlock is thinking, this time, fingers steepled, eyes flicking about the screen. He’s our best chance, with this newfound motivation. He and Mycroft are typically more even, with perhaps Mycroft having a slight edge. However, while Mycroft is scared again, worried, it is as though someone has lit a fire within Sherlock, and I know he won’t stop until he or Moriarty burns.
By all means, even if he did survive, he should have no resources, no backup. Three years of Sherlock dismantling his web. Three years where I only ever saw him every couple months, for a few minutes. His entire network can’t have been a ruse. It just can't have.
Some hours later, just before sunset, Moriarty walked into the room. The reactions from earlier repeated themselves in the flat, with more intensity if possible. When he stopped at the bed to run his fingers through Allie’s hair, the bones in my hand ached in Sherlock’s grasp. Moriarty stared at one of the cameras the whole time, eyes twinkling as if to say, “Isn’t this a fine game?”
Well, as much as it pains me to say it, you're about as rid of me as Allie is of Moriarty. That is to say, don't exactly expect clear skies from here on out.
It was becoming a dangerous pattern, this having no choice. Of course I don’t, that’s how this works, but it still shook me. As a general rule, I loathe being at the mercy of others. I have ever since--
Looking quite pleased with himself as I sat there, gasping like a fish, still quite able to breathe but completely incapable of speech, Moriary spoke up in a sing-song tone.
Looking down to my wrists, I saw they were bandaged, perhaps with stitches underneath, but otherwise left alone.
We’d talked late into the night, or rather Mycroft did, once I got him started. Occasionally Sherlock would say something, usually under his breath, but as harsh as it sounds, he seemed slowed down by his attachment. Every so often, Mycroft would suggest an action and Greg would speak up, confirming his ability to do something or the other. I’m not sure how useful this was to Mycroft, considering his superior influence and likely knowledge of every asset at Greg’s disposal, but it seemed to help him feel like a useful part of the group, so Mycroft let him continue.
Moran drops her and raises the stairs, then disappears into the cockpit. Moriarty stands there, towering over Allie, and Sherlock must see something before the rest of us because he nearly shouts before she has even begun to move.
Finally the fear cut through the haze. Sebby, or most likely Sebastian, was almost to the bed. Moriary’s hands moved to the camera, and the red light turned on.
Moriarty practically devoured me, his mouth on mine, nipping at my lower lip hard enough to draw blood and slipping his tongue greedily into my mouth when I gasped in silent pain.
I almost immediately reached for the food. Certainly I couldn’t let Moriarty dictate even what I could eat and when to me. But Moriarty thought otherwise, it seemed, and snatched my wrist from the air.
They were all in and out of the flat constantly, checking in, saying hello, but there was hardly a moment where I was without Sherlock or John.
It was because of that suggestion, that idea, that on my birthday we all went out for drinks. I liked the thought of doing something normal. Mycroft provided the security, of course, for the five of us to go to a nearby pub and celebrate a bit.
There were a few moments of note. Not a half hour after Allie passed out, the blonde man reentered, accompanied by a man in a mask. Sherlock’s grip on my hand tightened considerably, and we all held our breath. Even Mycroft paused for a moment, eyes on the screen like the rest of us. We watched as the blonde man let her down, unhooking the chains, and lay Allie flat on her face on the bed. When the man in the mask only cleaned and bandaged her back and wrists, I felt a wave of relief wash over me. It stopped a moment later when the blonde attached the collar around Allie’s neck to a chain connected to the headboard.
Where before there was hardly a dull moment with him, a moment without thousand-word-a-minute deductions, now there was barely a word an hour. But it was progress from the absolute silence of those early days, so there was hope yet.
There it is, the feeling rising again. My breakfast has already made it’s reappearance, so we’re on to the mostly digested last night’s dinner and a whole lot of stomach acid. It burns my mouth and lingers. When I finally stop, I turn on the tap. Clumsily cup water in my hands to wash my face and rinse my mouth. Deep breaths. Time to help Sherlock.
When she stepped out of that cab, even though I knew it would be her, even though I had watched in silence as she escaped, watched her progress through the busy streets of London, it was surreal to see her there. I guess it wasn’t a trap after all, but it sure as hell still doesn’t make any sense.
I picked up the sharpest piece I saw and sliced my wrists just below the shackles Moriarty had welded onto me.
After I buttoned on a well-made dress shirt--ruining the sleeves with my cuffs in the process, trying not to wince when it rubbed at all my sore spots--and slipped into a pair of slacks, I began carrying as much of the clothing to the fireplace as possible. Maybe it was a waste of time, but I had to do something, anything to get back at him in even the smallest way.
Sherlock was utterly fascinated by and immediately loved the latest addition to our little crime-solving family. She was eager to learn, he was eager to teach. I kept her away from cases for a while, but eventually she started solving ones she read in the papers, and when she began asking to come with and see the crime scenes, who could refuse? We all cared for her; even Mycroft begrudgingly fell into the role of doting uncle.
It’s taken us minutes to recover, I don't know how many, but what I do know is Allie is gone and getting further and further away with every passing second.
My heart ached when Allie sat up suddenly, and lowered herself back down in apparent pain. When she felt the cuffs on her wrists and ankles and finally, the collar and chain. When suddenly, in a sound audible to even us, a toilet flushed behind the door and she stiffened.
Well, there's chapter one. Comments are welcome. Let me know if you spot any errors or inconsistencies. Thanks!
By we, I mean Sherlock and John and Mycroft and Greg and I. The doctor was the one who oversaw the major developments in the early stages of my hospital check-in, and the one the hospital negotiated would check in regularly, in exchange for me going home.
Our phones all buzz with the sound of a text and in a split second, Mycroft and Greg hang up. We all know who it is, all suspect what it might be, who it might be from.
The man standing next to him, Sebby, stalked silently towards me. It took every ounce of my will not to scramble away into some corner of the room. I couldn't afford to show weakness, and doing that would only delay what was now inevitable.
Any other deductions or assumptions to be drawn from the video could more easily have been tampered with than the others, though Mycroft did caution than we could guarantee no truth when dealing with Moriarty. We can’t even bet on his making demands in exchange for her. Still, these conclusions gave us a place to start, with a narrowed search area and a relatively visible and well-known person to track down.
Faster than I could see, faster than I expected based on the slow pace of approach, Sebastian’s hand wrapped around my ankle and he dragged me toward him. I finally let myself react, kicking at him as best I could, clawing at his face and eyes when I could reach. At that point, there was no use; he ignored my struggles and attacks and picked me up like a sack of potatoes. When I tried to roll out of his arms, he only tightened his grip until I opened my mouth in a silent cry of pain. I went limp.
I tried to pull away with my last dregs of strength, tried to stop the contact, but he just held me there up against him until I stopped.
At the end of the bed, he reached down to the base of the left post and attached my right ankle cuff to a chain secured there. He repeated the process with my left foot and a chain to the right, so that I was stuck legs spread facing the head of the bed. My hands were pulled up and linked to a chain above me, looser than the other two, and he pushed my upper body forward until I was unbalanced and leaning over the mattress, entirely dependent on the chain holding my wrists. The cuffs dug into my skin, and I thought I felt the beginnings of cuts.
Back to 221B and the gang. There's a bit of deducing in this chapter, I'm not really sure how my formatting of that turned out or if any of the conclusions are really accurate, but who knows. Enjoy!
As per the usual, drop a comment if you see something wrong, something you like, something you don't like, etcetera, etcetera. It's all welcome here.
I’d done what I could to escape, one way or another. There wasn’t really any way off the jet besides jumping to my death, and as tempting and effective as it sounded, there was no way I would make it to the door.
For a handful of minutes I lay there, staring at a fixed point on the fireplace as his hand rubbed my shoulder briefly before coming to rest in the tangled nest that was my hair, stroking my head as one does a dog or cat. The similarity, almost certainly deliberate, was not lost on me.
My eyelids began to grow heavy. Realizing I had been drugged sent a jolt of energy through me, and I almost broke free of his arms. Almost.
The scent of food was too much. I finally opened my eyes to see that Sebastian was the one carrying the tray, and I flinched reflexively before stopping myself. It was a little concerning, how quickly Moriarty was able to give me a negative association with this man. Undoubtedly he hoped to set up a positive one with himself at a later point, and was likely already laying the groundwork. Just one more thing to look out for.
I woke to the sound of a voice I had heard only in recordings and in nightmares; a voice belonging to someone who should have been dead.
John and Sherlock and Mycroft and Greg. My family. They seemed cautious. John and Greg as though they couldn’t believe their eyes. Mycroft as though I was something to be wary of.
It was pure chance that we adopted her or anyone at all. Some sort of accident with her parents. Her unique nature created some interest, and she was brought to Mycroft’s attention. He thought the best place for her would be with us. Where else? Who else? So little six year old Allie joined Sherlock and I here at Baker Street.
Sherlock was the most changed. More than me, even. He was haunted, it seemed. By the fact he was the reason I was kidnapped, by the fact he hadn’t solved it, by the fact he was so easily at his enemy’s mercy with me as leverage. He was as silent as I. We would often sit together in a room, not communicating, only appreciating each other's presence.
My daughter, still fighting the effects of near-constant drugging and bearing the scars of the captivity from which she had just escaped, my Allie, was on the ground.
Soooo...did I mess it all up? That's for you, dear reader, to decide. Please let me know what you think in the comments, or let me know if you spotted any errors. I may post another chapter by the end of the day, I may not. Who really knows?
I want you guys to know that I really appreciate the feedback I'm getting. I'm glad I could do something to make anyones day better (or just entertain you for a minute). So let me know if you have any questions, concerns, corrections, requests, etc.
Funnily enough, this might have been just what he needed to break out of the shell of silence he’s been wrapped in until now. I don’t know if that’s a good thing. He has a glint in his eye, like he might strangle Moriarty with his bare hands, if given the chance. Might, for old times’ sake, drop him off the nearest building. He’s crazed, really. I haven’t seen him look this way since-well, best not to think about that now all times.
“Good,” hissed Moriary, and he shoved me backwards with enough force to propel me off the bed and onto the floor.
He slumps against me suddenly, head on my shoulder, shaking in mostly silent tears. I’m nearly in tears now too, holding onto him, rubbing his back. We sit like that a bit, just the two of us, ignoring for a moment the screen.
As gently as I could, I maneuvered my ankle up to the point where I could feel the ring of metal. I still hissed in pain as my back, apparently bandaged but clearly not healed, stretched. Same thing there, same welded-on metal with two loops for chains or locks or what have you.
Sherlock practically jumps out of his skin. I’ve never seen him this on edge. Clumsily, he extracts his phone from his pocket, as I snatch mine from the table. A picture of Allie, asleep, curled on her side as always. And a message.
On went the socks and a pair of slightly-too-big dress shoes. As I pulled on the coat, I moved to the window. Looked out.
It felt good to finally be home, but it felt...different. It was the same, physically, but I wasn’t. Sherlock wasn’t. John wasn’t. Even Mrs. Hudson wasn’t. She hadn’t seen the things the others did. But she had seen enough. Had seen the metal around my wrists and neck and ankles. She talked quietly around me, spoke in soft tones typically reserved for the bedside of the dying.
Sherlock un-tucked John’s shirt all the way around so that he could reach John’s chest as well as his back.  He slid his fingers up John’s side, causing him to wriggle briefly as he felt the almost tickle-like sensation on his ribs.  That had the knock-on effect of pressing John’s rapidly hardening cock against Sherlock’s own shaft and they both let out a low groan.  John wriggled again on purpose this time, looking down at Sherlock with a wicked gleam in his eye.
John was loath to do anything to jolt Sherlock by trying to remove his arm and if Sherlock wasn’t bothered by it then John decided he didn’t need to be either, so he settled himself down to enjoy the sensation.  When his enjoyment became a little too much, he eased his lower half away from Sherlock; not wanting to bring that particular issue upon either of them until they were ready for it.  He kept his arm snuggly around Sherlock, though, and they enjoyed another lazy half hour of leisurely waking before John’s bladder insisted he needed to get up.
Greg had finished his paperwork early and made his way home.  As he went up the stairs to his flat he got the feeling that there was someone there.  He paused before he went up the next flight, always cautious when his sixth sense flared up; it had warned him too many times for him to ignore it.  He eased his way around the corner, his back pressed against the wall as he moved up the stairs.  Just as he got to the next level he saw a smiling face peering at him through the banister.
“I trust you, Sherlock.  I always have, even knowing what I know now, that hasn’t changed.  Yes please, I’d like to try it if it’s as good as you say.”
By the time Sherlock deemed him ready, Greg, to his own surprise, was almost fully hard again.  He’d never recovered so quickly since his lust filled teens when there wasn’t much that wouldn’t turn him on and get him hard.
John lay on his back in the middle of the bed and allowed Sherlock to take his time to find a comfortable position with his head resting on John’s shoulder and his arm across his waist.  John put his own arms around Sherlock and held him snugly, pressing a soft kiss into his hair.
What could he make of that?  He thought back to what had happened with the spiked drink at the Christmas party.  Though John had been the one affected, it had seemed that Jasmine was supposedly the intended victim of that incident, too.  Did someone have a vendetta against Jasmine?  If so, they were obviously getting more serious in their efforts to cause her harm; and with the failure of this attempt, how much more desperate were they likely to become now?
Just as the coach was stopping for the gates to open, John saw Sherlock leaning against the wall looking forlorn.  He gave him a smile and a wave and did the phone gesture to him as the coach pulled off.  Sherlock raised his hand and gave a wan smile, just before John passed out of sight, and then he moped back up to the school.  He hoped that John’s journey would be as quick as possible so that he could get to his phone and start texting him.  He didn’t know how he was going survive ten days at this rate, when John had only been gone ten minutes and he was already suffering.  The journey home didn’t bode well for Mycroft, but as far as Sherlock was concerned, that was his problem.
Sherlock had not been idle whilst they were gone.  He had left the care of a semi-hysterical Jasmine to the others - crying girls were not something in which he had the least interest - whilst he went over to the chandelier.  He had hung it himself with John yesterday and nothing had seemed to be amiss with it at the time; everything appearing solid and well connected when they had finished.  He had realised what the sound was at the same time as Matthew, but had been further away, and unable to stop anything.
“This is ridiculous.  He’s never going to talk like this.  We need to try something else.  What about that stuff Tony was telling us about; the drug they were testing at his lab?”
“You’re right, this has been a wonderful conclusion to what I was anticipating as a miserably disappointing evening.”
John had done no such thing, but he knew Sherlock’s opinion of Anderson from the brief time they had spent together during the icebreaker games.  He wasn't about to inflict any more time spent in close contact with him upon Sherlock, so he nodded his agreement.
"Why don't you try this one?  I always have them just buttered when they're fresh out of the oven because they're so melty but once they've cooled a little I prefer them with this damson jam that Mrs H makes herself.  It makes them even better, if you can believe that."
“I’m down to only a pint a day and can go longer than that if necessary though it makes it more of a temptation so I’m still working on building up my tolerance with that.”
John blushed and dropped his head, then looked up at Sherlock through his lashes.  "I'll certainly hold you to that later.  I don't think it would go down so well with your mother, though, so maybe we ought to mingle for a while first."
“This is one of the Holmes estates – mine, in fact.  Mycroft has the main property in Hampshire and he lives in our London home.  I have this one, which is in Sussex by the way, and we jointly own a place in Scotland.  There’s also my grandmaman’s chateau in France and we share part ownership of the ancestral home in Transylvania with the rest of the descendants.”
Sherlock heard his name shouted out in John’s voice and that was all he needed.  He felt John exploding down his throat and he swallowed it all as his own body shook as he came inside his pyjama trousers; his hips undulating on the bed as he tried to drag it out for as long as possible.  Oh, he would definitely have to remember the sound of his own name shouted in that desperate tone by John.  This was almost as good as the real thing – certainly as real as he was ever going to get – so he savoured the whole thing.  He rested his head against dream-John’s thigh as he basked in the heady feelings; saving everything to his memory palace to ensure he didn’t forget a thing.
John pulled back, looking at Sherlock warily.  This was the moment he had been dreading.  What should he do now?  Should he risk it all and tell him?  But what if he said how he really felt and Sherlock didn’t feel the same - would he completely alienate his best friend and have to move out?  He could play it safe and say nothing and just put their recent closeness down to his injuries.  But judging by how Sherlock himself had been behaving over the last couple of days, maybe it wouldn’t be quite as bad as he had previously been anticipating?
When they got back to Sherlock’s house, John barely had time to thank Mycroft for the lift before he was being dragged inside and towed upstairs.  Mrs Holmes was standing in the hall as they walked through and John shouted hello to her as they went past; Sherlock stopping for nothing or no-one.  They eventually got up to Sherlock’s room and he slammed the door shut behind John and pushed him up against it.
“Indeed, John.  Just you and me.”  Sherlock added quietly, and settled more comfortably in the chair beside John’s bed, prepared to monitor his friend throughout the night and think over everything that had happened.
“Exactly.  I know that, and don’t think I don’t appreciate everything you do for him, John.  He’s been far better with you around; you’re a very steadying influence; however, I know what lengths you will go to for each other.  Even more so now, I can see.”
For the first time in months, John felt energised.  Regardless of the fact that it was so early in the morning, he didn’t feel the least bit tired.  Probably had had enough sleep to last him weeks recently and he wanted to know what was going on right now so he quickly got dressed and headed out in search of Billy.
John gave him an evil grin and waggled his eyebrows which caused them both to burst out laughing.  John climbed off and started stripping off his clothes.  He made a bit a show of it but was too eager to get his hands on Sherlock to take too long.
Sherlock took his time getting ready and left for school at their normal time.  There was no sign of John when he got there but he didn’t let it bother him as John had said he’d see him later.  He would wait.
“As do I, John.  New as this all is to me I can think of nothing or no-one that can make me feel as you do.”
“If you had any doubts over your own feelings in the matter, however, then just think about your last remark.”
Sherlock and John both fell this time at the impact and Sherlock did a full roll over backwards and came up at the rear of the van.  The driver had grabbed his gun again and he turned round and aimed at Sherlock who was fast approaching.  John stood up and swayed on his feet, even more dizzy now.  He saw the driver aiming at Sherlock and lurched forward to grab his arm.  In his confused state, though, John couldn’t concentrate properly on what he was doing and all he managed to do was to deflect the shot wide rather than disarm the man.  The driver swung his arm back round and shot twice more in rapid succession.  Sherlock reached him at this point and broke the man’s wrist as he yanked his hand backwards, wrenching the gun from his fingers.  Sherlock used the butt of the gun to smash him across the temple and he slumped unconscious in his seat, falling against the side window.
He would definitely have to avoid Tuesdays.  There was no way he was putting himself in such close proximity to Sherlock as sharing a room.  Who knew what might happen with this hanging over them?  He would just have to make plans with Mary on those nights and keep himself busy.  That was fine.  That would work.  This was just a momentary aberration.  He liked girls; of course he did.  He had Mary and that was all he needed.
They made their way back to halls and hunted up Mike.  Rather unsurprisingly, he was with Molly in the common room, but he was more than happy to detour to his room to get the skis for Sherlock.  They were exactly the sort Sherlock had hoped to get, curve-tipped wooden skis with matching poles.  Sherlock stored them in his room for now, as John insisted it was not necessary to take them back down to the drama studio right this minute.  He had rather hoped to spend his afternoon in much more pleasant pursuits in Sherlock's room, and it turned out even Sherlock could be waylaid from his current obsession with that far more enjoyable distraction.
“This is a message for Sherlock Holmes.  I’m supposed to be forgiving myself as well as others and I’ve got to believe in a higher power that can heal me.  Well, you may not be a God, but you certainly had some kind of power judging by some of the things you could do and see.  You were always amazing and I miss that.  I miss being amazed by you.  I miss you.”
That was as far as he got before his eyes rolled up into his head and he dropped to the floor; out like a light.
There were nods all round so Sally sat poised to take notes and Greg began.  He first read out the names of all the characters and what their roles and personalities were.  Then he went through the description of the main room which is where all the action would be set.
John burst out laughing and hugged Sherlock to him.  “What would I do without you?  Before you launch into a highly logical statement addressing that point, can I just say that I don’t want to find out either.”
“I could tell; that’s why I got us out of there.  You were amazingly restrained, though; well done for that.  I think your mum was impressed, too.”
“Yes, but then as soon as we’re both properly awake you pull away and leave me there so I must be doing something wrong.”
Sherlock decided he would be able to assess things more clearly if he could see all of John's body so he removed John's trousers and underwear and moved him to lie comfortably on the bed.  He proceeded to undress himself too - purely in the interests of science, of course.  Sherlock lay down on his side next to John, leaning up on one elbow so he could easily reach over.  He started by stroking his fingers over the scar edges, marking the lines and watching John's face.  Apart from an occasional twitch of his eyelids, John didn't really wake for any of that.  Sherlock next used his tongue and he traced the outlines of the scar, pressing deeper on the skin inside the edge to see if a harder touch would elicit anything further.  John's brow furrowed at the harder presses, but that seemed more about the pressure than any sensitivity.
Sherlock leapt off the bed and ran over to John.  He pulled him up off the floor and laid him down on the bed whilst he unfastened a couple of buttons and tried fanning John to bring him round.  It didn’t take long until Sherlock could see John’s eyes fluttering and his fingers twitching.
“We’ll do that a bit later.  Why don’t you just have a little sleep for now and hopefully when you wake up you’ll be a bit more sober.”
"Shut up, idiot.  I'm just not used to people being so blunt about things like that, but I suppose I shouldn't really expect anything less from you, should I?"
John had started the evening with Sarah, a girl from the year above him, who had asked him to accompany her to the dance last Saturday and he had been very excited ever since.  When the first waltz had been called he had been standing with her waiting so they had been paired together; the ruling being that you danced with whomever you were stood next to.  John had really enjoyed holding Sarah in his arms and he had been carefully counting his steps to himself as they made their way round the floor.
There was some low muttering, but everyone picked up their bits and pieces and headed out.  Freddie had pulled Jasmine to her feet and was walking out with his arm around her shoulder.  She held her hand to her face as if everything was just too much.  Stacey followed closely behind, making the most of this opportunity to spend time with Jasmine, regardless of how temporary it probably was.  Sherlock nudged John to look at the eye-rolling going on between most of the rest of the cast.  It seemed no-one was taken in by Jasmine's display.  A few of them announced they were going to go and see Matthew; the person who had an actual injury from the afternoon, discussing it loudly as they passed Jasmine and Freddie.
Freddie came across at that moment and thankfully started talking to Jasmine which distracted her from the conversation.
The Christmas holidays were rapidly approaching and neither boy was particularly happy thinking about all that time they would be forced to be apart.  John was going up to Scotland with his mum and sister five days before Christmas to stay with his grandparents.  Then they were coming home on Boxing Day morning as his mum had a party organised by her work which she had to attend that night.
Whilst the others had rushed to help the injured parties, Sherlock had rushed over to examine the fallen light.  He instantly saw that this wasn't a problem with the way he and John had hung it; the wire had been purposely cut.  There was a straight line across the wire which certainly wouldn't have been caused by fraying.  Someone had meant for that light to fall; and now he just had to figure out if it was done to sabotage the play or to specifically injure one of the actors.
“Very sneaky, but a nice surprise.  We’ll have to make the most of it and go out for a ride each morning.  Have you done jumps as well as flat racing?”
“Wait a minute.  Take things easy.  There’s no need to rush into things.  Let me come round and help you get up or you’re just going to exacerbate your injuries again.”
"Think nothing of it, lad.  I'll bring the wood in tomorrow morning, so you could start as early as tomorrow lunch time if you have the urge."
It was John’s turn to look a little embarrassed.  “Well, I… I write songs and that tune just spoke to me and I weaved it into a whole song.”
As John was captain of the team he did a lot of the organisation and it involved him spending large amounts of time with Mary getting everything set up for their matches.  They soon found themselves dating and spending even more time together outside school.  Sherlock wasn’t happy about that at all.  He put up with the time that John spent at rugby and even put in an appearance occasionally to show his support – for John, not the game – but this was getting too much.
John had gone through all of his lines with Sherlock over the holidays.  He felt reasonably confident that he knew what to say and where to stand for all of his interactions, so he was keen to start.  The others had obviously made good use of their time, too, as the practice started off well.  There was still a little tension between Jasmine and Oliver, but it had certainly eased somewhat since the beginning.  It seemed Oliver had decided that the performance was more important than his animosity, in this instance, so he was obviously trying his best to overcome his dislike.
He blended in with a few people as they went past the entrance and made his way into his own room.  He locked the door and threw himself down on his bed, his arm over his closed eyes as he thought back over what had happened, saving the whole evening in to a new room he created especially in his memory palace.
“Right, John, what we need to do is take a swab from each item and then we can analyse each one for any trace elements of alcohol, or maybe even a drug of some description.  Isn’t this exciting?”
Now, though, after two years of living with the man, he found his opinions had done an abrupt about-face.  He would dearly love Sherlock to be flattered by his attentions but he knew he could never ask.  He had stopped trying to find a girlfriend a few months ago as well.  None of the girls he brought back had ever lasted very long and, being honest with himself when he made the decision to stop, he didn’t really want them to any more.  They never held his interest like Sherlock did so what was the point.
Sherlock spent the majority of the next two weeks at the hospital with John.  He encouraged him when he was feeling low and pushed him to his limits when he had his physiotherapy, determined that John should get back as much movement as possible in his arm.
Sherlock had set up a prop table, just as he wanted, and it was laid out with sectioned squares and every prop in its place so it was easily accessible, as required, for each scene.  The costumes were altered and ready and everyone had tried them on.  They hadn't had a dress rehearsal yet, they were waiting to do that in the next week or so as opening night was rapidly approaching.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow at John, who realised he was doing it again.  He closed his mouth and smiled shyly at Sherlock.
John shook his head to clear it somewhat as he picked up on the slight tone in Sherlock’s voice.  “Sorry, I think I got carried away a bit there.  You just taste so good, Sherlock.”
When they got home, Sherlock walked up the stairs behind John, keeping close on his very slow heels to ensure that he didn’t slip and tumble back down.  If his hand rested on John’s lower back as they ascended, neither of them spoke of it, though John knew he’d drawn in and held a breath when he felt that warm touch, even through his clothing.
It was by this time in his deductions that Greg and John arrived back.  John came straight over to Sherlock to find out what had been happening.  Sherlock could see that he was obviously worried that they had done something wrong when hanging the light yesterday, so he drew John off to one side, away from the others, and started straight in.
Sherlock took John’s hand and put his other arm on John’s shoulder.  When the music started Sherlock led them off and John did, indeed, find it easier to just follow along as he felt Sherlock’s directions through the pressure on his shoulder.  The other boy just had an innate elegance and smooth graceful style that helped John flow effortlessly around the floor without even having to think about counting.
“Apparently, I’ve been a blind fool.  Even Mary said she could tell just from the way we looked at each other.  I’m yours, if you want me, that is?”
"No, I think I can quite happily say that's the last place I want to be tonight.  Sarah can sort out her own problems.  Let's go."
Why on earth did he agree to this?  This boy was going to be the same as everyone else.  No-one ever wanted to spend longer with him than the length of time it took for him to tell them what he saw when he looked at them.  He'd be just like all the others.
"I'm sure that's something that can be done.  I do, in fact, have some off-cuts of mahogany at home from a cabinet I was making, which would be perfect for that old style of radio.  I'll bring them in for you tomorrow.  Do you want help making it, too?"
John held him tight and kissed him back.  "Don't look so sad, I'll be seeing you all day tomorrow in class."
“She was doing them for Valentine’s Day or some such nonsense.  I gave you the best cakes with the most on, John.  You should have seen the one I gave Mycroft; I drew a pig on it.”
“Did you work with DI Dimmock?  I remember him telling me about this bloke who knew everything about him and solved his crime after just a couple of minutes looking around the scene.”
"That was astounding.  You got all that from a quick view of my wallet and a few spoken words?  The town I grew up in is Shrewsbury, by the way, which is about 10 miles from the Welsh border so you got it spot on.  Lots of my friends here have never heard of it, and do think I sound Welsh.  My rugby mates, especially, like to ask me if I'm fond of shagging sheep."
Having your hands and mouth all over my body was delicious and getting the chance to reciprocate was heavenly.  Your hair was just as soft as I’d imagined and I loved the little noises you made when I stroked over your scalp as you were laying with your head in my lap.  Even listening to you berating the telly whilst you lay there was amusing and when you flipped over and started breathing over my crotch, I didn’t even know there was a TV in the room.
"We may not be able to indulge in kissing in the back row but there is nothing to say what else we can or can’t get up to in the dark with a coat spread across our laps."
The boys left and headed down towards the dining room, John’s stomach feeling a little more settled now, than it had been first thing, and definitely wanting some food.
“Take your time with it, Greg, it took me a while to accept it, too, so I know how you feel.  There’s no rush to make a decision.  We’re both still the same people you’ve always known, you just know one thing extra about us that you didn’t before.  If you decide you’d rather go back to not knowing then Sherlock can remove that information from you and you’ll never know any different.”
"Mummy, as you are going away for Easter, as usual, I was wondering whether I might be allowed to invite John over to stay for part of the holidays, please?"
John’s name was what instantly came to Sherlock’s mind.  He was the only person Sherlock really cared about in any way.  Maybe he could send something to John; that would certainly surprise him as he wouldn’t be expecting a package up there.  It wouldn’t do to be too keen though, so he shrugged at Mrs Hudson.
“I thought so, too.  It is certainly my intention to have you screaming my name as you come.”  Sherlock grinned evilly at him, and John swallowed loudly, as he imagined what Sherlock might do to him.
John's mum and sister were just coming in to the theatre.  John went over to greet them and brought them over to join Sherlock and his family.
“It seems like that says it all then.  You clearly have some kind of feelings for him – would you want to be able to do more if, as you say, he reciprocates?”
The first few entry dates were a bit sporadic, with a couple of weeks between each one.  Then the dates showed a new entry was made each week on a Tuesday so John clearly recorded one as an affirmation after his attendance at an AA meeting.  In the last few months there was an occasional extra recording as John’s social life obviously became more active and necessitated changing the message more frequently.
"Well, if you insist."  John grabbed Sherlock, his hands on both cheeks and pulled him down for a long kiss.  When he let go Sherlock was gasping for breath.  "Never let it be said that John Watson welches on a debt."
I was just putting this in the box to be posted when they came through with the leave entitlements so I can let you know now that my leave will actually be from the 3rd – 10th April.  If you are free at any time in that week I would love to actually get to properly meet you.
They continued on to the conclusion of the play in fine style and were gratified to receive rapturous applause when they reached the end.  The cast happily took a few bows, and then once the curtain closed, they all heaved a sigh of relief at being done.
“John, John, John.”  Sherlock shook his hand and took John’s face in his hands, running his thumbs over John’s cheeks.  “How mistaken you are and how little you value yourself.  It is not a case of being ‘stuck’ as you put it; it is more a case of being enchanted and revelling at my good fortune.  If, as you say, I could have anyone then doesn’t it prove something that I’m here with you; that it’s a considered decision on my part; that it’s something I willingly chose and want.”
That was a massive understatement as it turned out.  The field had been ploughed but the soil was very hard this late into winter and one of the front wheel struts made a very unpleasant sound as it made contact with a particularly solid clump.
“Well you didn’t ask for details, just if I’d ridden before, so I left it at that.  As you’ve obviously guessed though, the stable near my grandparents’ house is actually a racing stud.  I’ve been going there to help out in the summer holidays since I was ten.  I’ve grown up with the jockeys and they taught me to ride and race with them; seems my lack of height was good for something.”
Sherlock carefully carried the radio over to the drama studio, not wanting to damage it at this stage after all the work they’d put in to its construction.   They decided to keep it there until the next rehearsal, and then they would bring it out and show everyone.
"What about you?  Don't think I didn't notice you biting your knuckle at one point to try and muffle the noise."
He heard John put the rest of the shopping away.  Was that a longer than normal pause at the tin cupboard as well?  This was going splendidly.  John should be just curious enough to know that something was different.  If he had noticed the door knocker as well then he would certainly be wondering what was happening.  Sherlock just hoped that John went into the living room to check his messages before he came up to put away his clothes or the whole effect would be ruined.  Sherlock had turned the phone slightly so that the flashing light would be more prominent to try to ensure John saw it.
Sherlock rolled John over on to his back and held his head tightly in his hands whilst he placed little kisses all over his face.  John laughed and tried to squirm away, wanting a proper kiss.  Sherlock relented and captured his lips, kissing deeply for so long that John had to push free to gasp in a breath as Sherlock seemed to have forgotten that only one of them was able to go without.
I think I like it that you consider me handsome and the idea of having you run your fingers through my hair is intriguing and is, perhaps, something I would like to experience.
“No I’m not making some abstract comment; I’m properly asking you.  Come to mine on Boxing Day and you can stay with me for the rest of the holiday.  Then we can come back to school together for the start of term?”
“I agree.  If it was solely up to me then I would have recruited your assistance in this matter from the beginning.  I’m afraid the operation is not under my control and sentiment has been allowed to enter the equation.”
"I don't think they have it in for the play as much as for your leading lady.  This is the second attempt; you remember what happened at the Christmas party."
Mike raised his eyebrows at John who nodded to him then, as they had already tentatively planned, John suggested they go for a stroll down to the grounds.
He finished his perusal just in time, as it seemed that Greg was giving up on that scene for now and said they would work on it at a later date.  Now it was time to do the scene where John’s character, Major Metcalf, arrived and Sherlock didn’t want to miss this.
“We should just about be alright for lifting off as we’ll be going a lot slower, but I don’t think we can risk that for another landing – we’ll have to use the floats and make a water landing.  The nearest suitable lake is almost an hour away from the base so I’ll radio when we’re in the air tomorrow for someone to meet us there to take you on for the next leg if that’s okay with you.”
I have just left you at the station and getting on that train and seeing you disappearing behind me was one of the saddest things I’ve done.  I know everything is moving so fast and people might say it is stupid to feel this strongly after only a week but it was the most intense week I have ever spent and you are the most amazing person with whom I could ever have spent it.
Wednesday night found everybody packing and getting ready for departure.  Sherlock had been a little down at the fact that John was leaving.  It didn’t help that John couldn’t remember his mobile phone number off-hand, so he had had to write Sherlock’s number down in three places so that he didn’t lose it.  He had faithfully promised to text him as soon as he got home so that Sherlock would know what it was and be able to reply.
The last few days of the term passed very quickly; the professors taking it easy on them, knowing they wouldn’t get an awful lot of work done this close to the Christmas holidays.
They got in position and Sherlock pushed John’s legs up, and John held on to them behind the knees.  He pulled them right back so he could see what was happening, and to give Sherlock plenty of room.  Sherlock knelt in front of him and held his cock in front of John’s hole, almost as if he was unsure if he should be doing this.  John took the decision out of his hand by pushing forwards so that the tip started to go in.  He gasped at the intrusion, which brought Sherlock back to himself, and he pushed past the outer ring.  He waited there for a moment, for John to acclimatise.
John shuffled his feet, looking down at the leg that he had, indeed, temporarily forgotten was hurting for a moment.  “How did you know I was a doctor?”
“It’s not a joke, John.  These are very real.”  With that he brought his arm up to his mouth and sank his fangs into his arm and then pulled it free to show John the puncture wounds; two thin trails of blood dripping down his arm.
“Well, as soon as it’s cooled enough, we’ll package it safely in the box with the cakes and then I’ll walk with you down to the village if you like and we can post it Special Delivery.”
John looked at the expression on Sherlock’s face and smirked at him.  “Yeah, go on then, I’d like to see you try.”
He sang the song, hesitantly at first, but slowly gaining in confidence as he went through.  When he was finished he kept his head bent over his guitar, unsure if he wanted to see what the other boy thought of the way he had mauled his creation.  He peeked up through his lashes, then raised his head as he saw the stunned look on his face.
“Fine, Mr Politically Correct.  You need to have your cravings under control before we venture forth amongst those upstanding members of the human race who inhabit our fair city.  Is that better?”
Mrs Watson was very impressed with Sherlock, who was on his best behaviour, and had opened the door for her and pulled out her chair.  John grinned at him, knowing that he was trying to get into her good graces, as he wanted to ask if John could come to stay with him again over the holidays.  John was just as keen for this to happen, so was happy to encourage the excessive manners he knew Sherlock didn’t usually display.
The lads with whom he had gone through basic training at Sandhurst had really bonded and formed a special friendship.  Even when they had been split up into their different divisions and assignments they had somehow managed to cobble together a yearly reunion to catch up with each other’s lives and get well and truly drunk over their reminiscences.  Occasionally, one of them wouldn’t be able to get there if they were deployed abroad on a mission without leave but, if at all possible, they all met up.
"I'm told the initial puncture is similar to that of a needle injection, but as soon as the endorphins are released it causes sheer delight."
“Right, Mr Watson.  We will implement a graduated learning system this evening to ensure full compliance and understanding of the composite materials in question, with a preferentially enhanced remuneration mechanism in operation.”
Sherlock put the radio down on the table and they moved some other props into place for the first scene.  The light worked perfectly when Jasmine turned it on, and Sherlock used that as his cue to start his announcement.  It all went like clockwork.  It was a triumph and Sherlock couldn’t have been happier that all of his and John’s hard work had paid off so well; he was very proud and he smiled again as he caught John’s wink.
Little did John know how much Sherlock wished that the things that made Mary special in John’s eyes could apply to him, too.  He had liked John for so long now that he couldn’t remember a time when he hadn’t felt this way.
“Openly is definitely how I like you.”  Sherlock smiled again and stepped closer to John, gazing down into his eyes.
“Even that ridiculous Chief Super who came to arrest us can’t deny the truth of that.  Now at least Sherlock’s name can be cleared – even though it will be posthumously.”
When they reached the Dorchester they presented their invitations and were escorted over to the ballroom which was suitably festooned for the occasion.  They looked across to the bar and saw two, tall gentlemen with the heads together, talking quietly as they surveyed the room.  One was dressed as a very elegant Regency gentleman with high-waisted breeches, waistcoat and tailed jacket, and a black wig with a short ponytail finished with a black bow.  The other was quite as swashbuckling as John himself with an open-necked laced shirt and tight black trousers and knee-high shiny boots, with a sword tucked into a sash at his waist and a pirate’s hat atop his head.  Both had simple black eye masks to complete their outfits.
The following morning the cast list was posted on the notice board and several students were gathered round trying to see which roles had been given to whom.  John couldn’t see over the heads of the taller people around him so Sherlock read the names out for everyone standing behind.
Sherlock made his way back to the abandoned factory, in which he had been squatting, to pick up the few items in his backpack.  He also reached for the small amount of money, passport and the last unopened SIM card he had hidden in the vent panel.  His fingers shook slightly as he slipped the SIM in to his phone and dialled the number he knew by heart.  He knew he would be there soon, but he just wanted to hear John’s voice.  It rang five times then Sherlock heard the click as the answerphone kicked in.
I have to say I was gratified by your praise for my observations made in the previous letter.  I don’t think anyone has ever said what I did was amazing before and I found I liked it.  Should I not say that; is it too vain?  As I said, I don’t really interact with people so if I miss what you consider social cues you will have to inform me.
"It'll be perfect for the play and look at this fake blood; we can use it to practice disguises and adding scars and bloody injuries, too.  We can have great fun."
Sherlock was out all night; the exhaustion and blood loss exacerbating the usual recovery time required by a surgical procedure.  By mid-morning, when John came back from a very quick trip to the toilet, he noticed some twitching in the fingers of Sherlock’s uninjured hand.  The other hand was wired up to a frame to hold it in position whilst he slept so he didn’t disturb the healing process.  John took hold of the moving fingers, on to which he had been clinging most of the night, and squeezed them lightly.
The next afternoon Sherlock was waiting outside John's classroom for him to come out.  They headed over to the workshops where the woodwork studio was located.  Mr Johnson was just finishing his class so they waited until the younger children had been dismissed and then went in.
“How true, they are all idiots, but putting the obvious aside; the reason I wasn’t interested in other people was because I already had what I wanted right beside me.  You just never noticed.”
"Oh, that was brilliant, guys.  If we can do it the justice that potential shows then we'll have an amazing show on our hands.  Ok let's have a fifteen minute break, if anyone wants to stretch their legs or pop out, and then we'll go through it again and consider all the technical elements."
Sherlock was not good at waiting but there was nothing else he could do.  He received a few texts from Lestrade who was becoming increasingly worried with each one.  He'd tried to ring as well but Sherlock just let it go to voicemail.  He didn’t want to give Lestrade any false hope by suggesting John was out of surgery to then have to tell him later that John had died.  Better to wait until he knew for definite one way or the other if John was going to wake up.
John was so turned on, now, that he had to get in on the action, too.  He pushed his lower body forwards and moved his hands to encircle both of their cocks, using the bubbles to help them slide smoothly against one another.  Sherlock’s head gave an audible clunk as it fell back against the wall and he groaned deeply.  John grinned and pulled Sherlock’s legs open a little, to lower him down so that they were nicely lined up in his hands.  Sherlock placed his own hands around John’s and they stroked together, with John giving little pushes of his pelvis to keep himself pressed tightly against Sherlock.
John was already dripping wet and chilled through by the time he got to the tube and the joy of his day was just cemented when he saw the barriers up announcing the station was closed for maintenance and to please use the replacement bus service instead.  He looked round for the temporary stop and there was a bus already there, the last person just getting on board.  He had just reached the door when it closed in his face and the driver looked out and shook his head, pointing to how full the bus was and shrugging his shoulders.  John stepped back from the kerb, the rain dripping down his wet forehead into his eyes, just hoping that the service was frequent and he wouldn’t have to wait too long.
Finally, John pulled back, cupping his hands round Sherlock’s face, thumbs brushing against those cheekbones.
John suited the words to the action and dropped down onto his knees.  He unfastened the button and zip and slid down the trousers and underwear in one go, pulling them completely off before looking up at Greg through his lashes and humming appreciatively.  John decided to show Greg one of the joys of vampire sex that he himself had learned from Sherlock – the lack of needing to breathe.  He took Greg down in one go and swallowed around the shaft in his throat.
“Lestrade is not the sort to turn away from things.  He is forthright and faces things head on, as you do yourself, John.  He’ll be back, don’t worry.  The question we have to ask ourselves is do we want to pursue this further?”
The last entry said that Sherlock had found one of the bosses with a possible side-line down in a warehouse on the east bank of the river on the outskirts of town and had planned to go there that night to investigate further.  Unfortunately, he hadn’t specified which warehouse it was.  John opened the map to see if that would provide another clue.  On the east bank there were several buildings at the edge of the town which could be possible locations.  Sherlock had crossed off three which he had obviously already checked which left them with five to investigate.
“I think so.  He did say something about having access to the Almighty when necessary but he’s basically out there alone.”
They lay there, slipping in and out of a light doze after their exertions until John was nudged awake by a head snuffling against his chest.  He could feel soft kisses being pressed into his skin, followed by a tongue tracing a path across his body, tasting as it went.  Sherlock was clearly back in analysis mode and John couldn’t be happier to let him have free rein.
“I think what must have happened is that the frog did a superman leap up and hit its head on the branch of a tree above it and knocked itself unconscious.  Then an eagle flew down, picked it up, shook it around a bit in its talons and it died of the shock.”
The piece he had written had two main themes which played off against each other; one taking the lead, then the other following merrily behind.  The two would often swap places, taking turns to carry the main tune, but they always came together at the end of each part.  As Sherlock was nearing the end, the lower, slower theme played a greater role and had a plaintive feel to it; as if yearning for something it was missing and Sherlock put all of his feelings of loneliness in to it.  He hadn’t been able to leave it there, though, because he had known he would be seeing John tonight, so he had brought the second theme back in again to end with a quizzical kind of note; hoping that John would understand what he meant to him and how having him here was what brought everything together.
He saw one of the boys distracting the teacher by the drinks table whilst his friend slipped the obligatory booze into the punch and vowed to make sure he stayed away from that.  He did eventually walk over to help himself to a bottle of water, though.  If he was going to have to stand in this ridiculously overheated room filled with all the dancing students for much longer he thought he might pass out.
“Hi, pleased to meet you.  I’m Martin Crieff.  Sherlock, that’s unusual.  Like that famous detective from London.”
“What I have to say is that was very unhygienic and unsafe – you didn’t even sterilise the skin – is that good enough for you?”
He was leaning with his back against an alley wall, catching his breath after fleeing the scene of the final takedown in Macedonia.  He had almost been caught by the Interpol team who had arrived quicker than expected after his anonymous tip-off.  He had no wish to be swept up in interrogations or wrapped in infernal red tape which would necessitate a call to his brother for extrication so he had legged it.  He couldn’t tolerate an even longer delay until he could return home.  The longings caused by his absence from London were bad enough, but they paled in comparison to the longings for the one who mattered most – for him – for John.
“You’re worrying me now, Sherlock.  What’s happened?  And what is with my throat?”  John sat up and clutched at his throat, feeling an almost choking dryness and a burning pain, like he needed something but didn’t know what.
Sherlock laughed but carried straight on with the questions.  John got the next few correct and Sherlock was slowly divested of his other shoe and both socks before John took pity on him and said Sherlock could take an item of John’s clothing.
John looked down into the depths below him, the water reflecting the waning moonlight.  It would be dawn soon, a new day beginning and he had to decide how he wanted to face it.  Was he going to give up and flee from what he had found out and the life he had made with Sherlock or was he going to go back and face what his new life had become?  Ok, so Sherlock was a vampire and John needed answers to some questions first and foremost to understand everything more clearly before things went any further, but surely it was something he could deal with.  He was a doctor and a soldier.  He’d faced difficult situations before.  He’d faced everything Sherlock had already thrown at him.  He could face this too.  He drew himself up, pulled his shoulders back and nodded his head.  He was going back.
“Just because one hasn’t physically performed a task, doesn’t mean that one cannot understand the principles behind it and be able to successfully put those procedures into practise.”
“There are some large flats, already painted, which are fitted out for an indoor room, so we should just be able to add some little touches to adapt those for what we want; and we can paint in a snow covered scene to show behind the windows.  We’ve got four door panels already, so we’ll just paint one of them to look like a front door and that’ll be enough.”
It was only about another hour later before John felt himself starting to nod off again.  He decided it had been quite a long enough day so he would head to bed.
“No, she sounded pleased that I wanted to bring someone home.  I was saying ‘oh no’ because she said that Mycroft will bring us back from the station as he has some things to pick up.”
“I take it that the little situation in Macedonia, about which I have just been informed, is down to you.”
John turned round as he stripped off his underwear so the first view Sherlock got was of his bum and never had Sherlock wanted to sink his teeth into arse cheeks more desperately than he did right then.  They were round and smooth and obviously strongly muscled as Sherlock watched John tense them as he felt himself being watched.  John looked at Sherlock over his shoulder and wiggled his arse and his eyebrows at him.
John blushed.  He knew how he felt about Sherlock; his feelings having become known to him through his grief, but he still hadn’t been sure about Sherlock’s own emotions – even after what Mycroft had said.  The look Sherlock had just given him was almost shy in its uncertainty, though, and John felt a burst of confidence sweep through him.  He knew Sherlock was inexperienced in dealing with emotions and that this would be another burden which would fall on him, but this was one he would be happy to bear.
John reached down and unzipped Sherlock’s trousers.  He pulled aside the boxers and took hold of Sherlock’s cock.  They both groaned.  John slid his fingers down the shaft and squeezed the head as he came back up.  Sherlock had to touch John right now.  He almost popped the button off as he yanked at John’s trousers, quickly pulling down the zip and lifting John free of the material.  He stroked his finger around the head of John’s cock and along the slit, picking up the little droplet of pre-come that had gathered there.  He brought his finger to his lips and sucked it in and John groaned at the look on Sherlock’s face.
“Whenever it is anything to do with the military your posture automatically straightens even more than usual.  You have been sending more emails than usual and when you have been answering them you sit up straight in your chair and get a nostalgic curve to your lip.  Thus an upcoming reunion you have been trying to arrange which has clearly been postponed due to the current situation.  You were injured during this period last year so were obviously unable to attend the last reunion and were looking forward to this year hence your recent melancholic mood and your return home with a quantity of alcohol.”
“I’d like to see you try.  You’ve shown your hand there, Doctor; now I know what you are doing I can resist.”
He put his hand into that soft hair again and tried pulling it up to manoeuvre the tongue where he wanted it most; around the tip.  They obviously took the hint as it dipped into the slit again and then circled around the head, blowing lightly over the freshly moistened flesh, sending shivers of pleasure racing along John’s spine.  He didn’t ever want to wake up from this dream.
“Hmmm?  John!  Something has happened, but I can’t recall what it is I’ve seen that made me think that.  We need to keep an eye on everyone.  Stay by Jasmine whenever you can, just in case.”
“At a bare minimum.  I’ve really missed you, Sherlock.  If that’s all you want then I’ll take whatever you want to give me.”
He also admitted to himself that he was glad to hear that Lestrade had still believed in him.  He had known the man a long time and he’d hoped that he had proven his abilities in that time so even though he had known that Donovan had forced his hand, he’d hoped that Lestrade would have trusted him enough.  To hear that he had been made to do it regardless made him feel a little better.
John took a deep breath and poured everything out, then set up the flask and Bunsen again.  He followed Sherlock’s direction, and sure enough, the solution set up perfectly.  He laughed in delight.  “So tell me, does this make you the half-blood prince?”
distracting.  The last thing I wanted was to add in romantic…what do you call it?  Shmoop?  I drew the line.”
John barked out a laugh at Irene implying it was some sort of memento from youth.  “Oh, I’m sure my mum would remember in detail every stain caused by my sister and I.”
John had just poured himself a scotch and water when he felt an arm wrap around his shoulders.  It was Greg, and he was steering John towards a small gathering of the rugby lads in one corner of the sitting room.  When they arrived, Greg unceremoniously pushed him down into a chair between Bill and Dimmock.  “I just heard from Sally that you and Sherlock finally stopped dancing around each other and did the deed.”
“It was a pleasure.  It’s nice to see people so enthusiastic and using their skills to achieve their objectives.  I can’t wait to come and see the play now and admire your handiwork on stage.”
"The Mousetrap, eh?  I remember going to see that in London many moons ago, an excellent mystery and one that's been running for years, if I remember rightly."
“Obviously it’s a secret, Lestrade; we can’t have everyone running round knowing we exist.  John is the first person I have ever told and that was because I wanted to be with him fully so he had to know.  Out of necessity, you are the second.”
Sherlock had laid some pillows and a blanket out in front of the fire which John hadn’t even noticed yet.  He leaned back and kissed John on the nose and smiled at him.  He handed him the cup of tea, which he knew was always a priority with John, and when John finished it in one go, it proved to him how desperate John had been.
"Keep still, Lestrade.  I'll stop him in a minute.  He just needs some fresh blood to help seal the wound."
"It's a pleasure to meet you, too, Felicia, thank you, and you must call me Maddie.  Thank you so much for having John over at Christmas.  From everything I've heard, he enjoyed himself immensely."
Julian gasped and looked stricken at Sherlock, his complexion paling even further, if that were possible.
When the pastry was sufficiently chilled to allow it to roll easily, they took it out of the fridge and Mrs Hudson got out her rolling pin.  She rolled her piece flat first and took out her shaped cutters so that Sherlock could see how she did it.  He copied her and finished filling the tray with his shapes whilst she dolloped jam into all of her tarts.
“Yes, do you think you only managed the level of little girl squeals or did you make it all the way up to proper squealing piglet?  I think you made it, if you ask me; I was very impressed.”
"You have to try these scones.  They're Mrs Hudson's speciality and they are to die for, especially when they're fresh out of the oven like these."
Sherlock swung his long leg behind Lestrade and pulled him back to lean against him and starting kissing his neck, his hands reaching round to undo Greg’s shirt buttons, allowing himself access to more skin with each one released.  At the feel of the lips on his neck, Greg groaned into John’s mouth which allowed John to slip his tongue into the opened mouth.  Greg reciprocated, chasing John’s tongue back into his own mouth, sliding his tongue around John’s teeth.  The tip caught on one of John’s razor sharp fangs and Greg pulled back at the moment of pain, raising his fingers to his mouth.
It appeared Mycroft had everything in hand as General and Mrs Harmon were being very quietly escorted out through a side door of the ballroom by another pair in black suits.  Mycroft nodded towards Sherlock and all four of them made their way back to their table where a new round of drinks were just being laid down in their previous places.  John took a sip of his drink then grinned at Sherlock next to him.
It didn’t take too long before John’s fingers would pause momentarily and his voice would slow down as he found himself almost dropping off to sleep.  Each time, Sherlock rubbed up into his hand to restart that motion he was enjoying so much and John would jolt himself awake and begin reading again.  Eventually, though, both of them dropped off and John’s body gradually slumped down across the pillow above Sherlock’s head so that he was almost curled around him.
“You know how rarely I sleep so I don’t see that it will be an issue.  Even if I do, we have shared a room before when we’ve been on cases and you never complained then.  Would it be a problem?”
Sherlock loved it; he loved that John could be both gentle and rough and he was just aching to be touched everywhere and to see what else John would do.  He didn’t have to wait for long.  It seemed that John wanted Sherlock just as much and was as eager to see the rest of him.  John moved his hands down to undo Sherlock’s zip, teasing him as he went, trying not to actually touch Sherlock’s cock directly.  He pulled his trousers down and was greatly impressed by the bulge in Sherlock’s silk boxers.  John’s eyes flicked up to Sherlock’s face and caught him trying to hide the smug look on his face.  Two could play at this game.  John grinned up at him and then leaned in and sucked Sherlock’s tip, boxers and all, deeply into his mouth and he thrilled at the way Sherlock’s head fell back against the wall as he groaned and his legs shook, threatening to collapse if John hadn’t been holding him tightly round the hips.
Greg chose wink murder as the next game which would allow them all to play.  He dealt out 19 cards and whoever had the joker was the murderer.  Everyone had to walk around the room maintaining eye contact with each other and the murderer had to wink at someone to kill them without anyone else noticing.  That person would then have to perform a little dying act, collapse on the floor and they were out of the game.  They could wait a few moments to die after they received their wink so as not to immediately give the murderer away.  The others had to try and guess who the murderer was before they were winked at themselves.  If the murderer killed everyone they won and the cards would be dealt again and someone else would be the murderer.  This one was great fun and it was easy to see which the actors were when they had to improvise their death scenes.
“I was being sarcastic,” Greg smiled.  “Saying that, though, Dimmo is a bit of a delicate flower and takes offence very easily.  If you can solve crimes as quickly as he said – and judging by the way you nailed us so quickly, I can well believe it - you should help me instead.”
"I'm ready, John.  I've been ready since the beginning.  I may not have done this before, but I'm not a total innocent.  I looked it up on the internet and I want it all; I want do everything - with you."
“Well, that’s what I thought, too, but you were certainly acting drunk on the dance floor.  You tried groping me in front of everyone, and then you proceeded to tell Greg he had nice legs and should be wearing shorts.”
John cleared everything away and took hold of the basket with one hand and Sherlock with the other and they slowly made their way back to the villa.  Mme Lapion had left them a light meal which they ate before going to sit out on the veranda to enjoy the early evening air.  John insisted that they have an early night as Sherlock had had the long walk to the beach and back as well as walking along the shore to see the caves.
Sherlock looked a bit worried for a moment until he saw the teasing smile on John’s face and the side of his mouth quirked slightly as he tried to hide his own grin.
Perhaps this could be the start of something new.  Something different and unexpected but not altogether unpleasant.  The 'butterflies' feeling had gone, thankfully, and he was left with a surprising warmth and sense of anticipation.  The possibilities, it seemed, were opening up for something more.  He wasn't necessarily sure of what form the 'more' would take but he sensed that it would be good and he smiled at John as they began their journey - knowing instinctively that it would lead them onward together.
“I never said anything.  For a start, it was none of their business and I can’t be correcting every fool who makes assumptions – it would be never ending.”
John just stared at him, stunned.  This was obviously the crux of the situation.  He didn’t doubt that Sherlock, himself, cared little about who John’s dad was or, indeed, for any class distinctions.  He could easily believe, however, that the head of the Holmes family considered John too inferior in status to form a lasting association with his son.
Sherlock was in fine mood on the way back and even offered to carry Mrs Hudson’s shopping and held his elbow out for her to link her arm through as they walked home.  He enjoyed his specially decorated cake after tea and grinned when he put Mycroft’s in front of him.  Mycroft merely rolled his eyes and proceeded to eat it anyway – it was a cake, after all.
Sherlock asked another question and John jumped straight in with a correct answer.  His eyes trailed up and down Sherlock’s body with delight and settled on the exact place Sherlock had guessed John was going to choose first.
“I’m not sure at this stage, it depends on the cross winds.  We’ll head back that way and we’ll have to see what it’s like when we get there.”
The victim was slumped on the floor in the attic room obviously having slipped down out of his chair.  He had a crossbow bolt piercing him right between the eyes.  The windows were shut and the curtains closed and the door had been locked when the police had arrived and they were stumped.
Sherlock smiled bashfully.  It hadn’t been a one-off.  John had left a whole new message and he had mentioned Sherlock again.  How many of these messages had he recorded that Sherlock had missed out on whilst he’d been away?  He looked up at Mycroft.
John started off by lying down on top of Sherlock and brushing his body against Sherlock’s own to heighten the sensations of cloth against bare skin.  He kissed Sherlock’s face, moving from forehead to chin and lingering under the jaw, knowing how Sherlock loved it when he nibbled the skin travelling from there to behind his ear.  John sucked a love bite just behind Sherlock’s ear and then proceeded to lay a trail down to the root of his neck and across the top of as much of his shoulder as he could reach with Sherlock’s arms raised above his head.
"It's brilliant, Sherlock; just what I need.  Thank you so much.  I thought you didn't want me to wear a moustache, though?"
"He was a delight, and it was so nice for Sherlock to have some company.  The boys tell me they've spoken to you about Easter?"
John grinned at him and Sherlock smiled back.  Neither of them seemed too eager to move and disturb the comfortable silence into which they had fallen.  They lay together, watching each other easily and coaxing themselves into the day.  It was John who eventually moved first when he felt the need to empty his bladder.
"That's what mum's do, Sherlock.  They're always proud of anything we make them.  Our Christmas tree at home is covered in things Harry and I have made.  There are various other decorations around the house which we have to put out every year, even though some of them are getting a little tatty these days.  I think it's lovely that your mum treasures it."
"I shall look forward to some amazing pronouncements when you have recovered then.  As to what happened to you, though, I’m afraid I don't know at this stage.  If you definitely didn't have any alcohol yourself, then it must have been in something you ate or drank."
“I have not played before but I’m happy to give it a try.  I understand it is de rigour on such occasions.”
John heard the door go downstairs.  He took no notice, though; Mrs Hudson always dealt with that.  He had almost forgotten that he’d heard the doorbell - drifting back off into his own thoughts again – when there was a short knock on the door to his flat and it was pushed open.  It was obviously someone who knew him because if they stayed there to wait for him to answer it, they’d be waiting all day.  It was Mycroft – oh joy, his day was complete!
“Well I noticed it, of course; it’s your RAMC tie, isn’t it?  I thought perhaps it was some kind of special occasion.”
John leaned in closer at that point and whispered in Simon's ear for a few moments.  Sherlock couldn't hear what John was saying.  However, he could see the colour draining from Simon's face and the way his eyes widened and his jaw dropped in shock.  As John pulled back, Simon quickly stepped away and flushed a bright red, as he mumbled out a very quiet 'sorry'.
“Blunt gets the job done, John.  There’s no need trying to deny your desire around us, Lestrade, you know that I know everything already, so would you like me to tell you how you want it or do you want to have that honour yourself.”
"Hi Sherlock.  Thanks for coming.  It's great to finally meet you.  I didn't think Greg would ever get you to agree.  What can I get you to drink?"
"The genius and scientific parts are certainly true.  I'd have to take exception to the mad part, however.  I have to find some way to alleviate the utter boredom so I like to do experiments."
You looked so thin and tired and your uniform was all torn up showing the dirty bandages underneath.  I was almost too scared to touch you; not wanting to injure you further, but even with that worry, I couldn’t stop myself from shouting your name.  To see the way your face just lit up when you realised I was there was beautiful.  It made all that I had been through worthwhile to know that you were so pleased to see me; that I hadn’t waited for you in vain.
Sherlock felt warmth surrounding him.  Something was tickling against his nose and he couldn’t feel one arm, but as he slowly awakened and memories of the previous evening returned, he caught himself smiling; feelings of contented happiness flowing through him.  He usually had great trouble dropping off or staying asleep for any great length of time.  Yet here he was – about six thirty in the morning, judging by the light coming in from John’s window – well rested after having slept about six hours straight through.  This was something he could get used to.  He wondered if he could persuade John to sleep in his bed when he stayed with him over the holidays.  He was sure they could hide it from Mummy; maybe not Mycroft, but he could keep his big nose out.
“He was talking to one of the girls in class on Thursday about what she was going to wear to the dance and he gave her some helpful suggestions about how to wrap the dress around in a different way that belied a knowledge he wouldn’t have had simply from observation.”
“It’ll be fabulous; it’ll look so good on stage, and that light will be a perfect signal for Sherlock to start his speech.  Well done, both of you.”
“We’re just getting all the mistakes out, now, that’s all.  Right, John?  Sherlock?”  Greg was sitting with his head in his hands after the rehearsal.  John and Sherlock were double checking the props table was set ready for the first actual show tomorrow; Sherlock not being prepared to leave anything in Anderson’s hands.
So if he did want to continue living with Sherlock what would that mean?  Would Sherlock want to bite him?  Would he be constantly scared for his life?  He supposed it just came down to how he felt about Sherlock.  So how did he feel?  If you’d have asked him before this evening he would have said that he was well on the way to falling in love with the man so with this new information he had to ask himself deep down if his feelings had now changed?  Did he still feel like Sherlock was the only person he could see himself with?  Again, he had to be honest with himself, the answer was still yes.  Ok, so Sherlock was dangerous, but hadn’t he always been?  Even before John had found out about this new side of him, Sherlock had always lived on the edge and that had been exactly what had drawn John to him in the first place.  He loved the risk and the chance of running into danger with Sherlock so wasn’t this just another new aspect of that?  What was really different about their lives from a few hours ago except that Sherlock had revealed a hitherto unknown aspect of his persona?
Molly had quite a crush on Mike but because they had all been friends for so long it seemed that she didn’t know how to act on it as Mike treated her as he did all the others; just like one of the gang.  Sherlock, coming in fresh to things and, of course, with his own skills of observation could see it quite clearly so he asked John about it as he knew more how Mike was likely to react.
“That’s what you were going to ask me, wasn’t it?  I knew that was it.  Well, it may be ten years later than expected but what’s to stop you?”
John yelped at the intrusion then moaned at the feeling of Sherlock’s warm mouth encircling him.  Sherlock played with him awhile; sucking and pressing further in, getting John used to the sensation.  John found it felt much better with Sherlock doing it, though the blow job was certainly helping with that, too.  Sherlock pushed his finger right in and felt around for the little nub that he knew should be right there – yes, that was it, if John’s reaction was anything to go by.  He quivered under Sherlock’s touch and groaned loudly, asking for more.  Sherlock smiled and did it again, loving the look on John’s face.  He used the opportunity to slide in another finger and he kept that up for a while, until John got used to it, and then he added another.  John was feeling so full, but at least the pain was tempered after Sherlock found his prostate, and he soon wanted more.
Sherlock groaned loudly as he felt John take him deeper and hold him there, swallowing around him.  John licked around the shaft as his mouth moved up and down, paying extra attention to the sensitive head and tasting the pre-come gathering in the slit.  John took him deep into his throat again and this time he hummed as he swallowed and Sherlock moaned again at the new sensations it added.  John pulled back and blew across the now thoroughly damp skin and Sherlock shivered as John looked up at him grinning smugly.
He didn’t know how long he just stood there watching in awe, but he didn’t move until one of the doors back down the corridor opened and the students within all piled out, laughing and joking.  He quickly stepped into the doorway opposite, pressing himself back against the door to remain hidden.  When they had gone he moved back to watch the violinist again, trying to pluck up the courage to push open the door and say hello.  As John neared the window panel, though, he saw him packing away the violin and preparing to leave.  He panicked.  He hadn’t managed to psych himself up enough to speak to him yet so he scarpered down the corridor, quickly leaving the building.
Sherlock sat up and held on to John’s hands, using that as a balance as he lifted himself almost completely off John and slid back down again, faster this time.  He looked into John’s eyes, already seeing the lust building as John watched him back, eyes never deviating from Sherlock’s own.  They carried on like that for some time; Sherlock raising himself up slowly before ramming back down, causing moans and puffs of air to leave John’s throat each time.
Sherlock was snapped out of his delightful contemplation at that moment as he was rudely awakened from his dream by being kicked in the thigh.  He banged his head against the bedside table as he toppled off the bed and on to the floor.  His eyes snapped open and he caught sight of John jumping up onto the centre of the mattress, pulling up his pyjamas, before leaping down off the other side, grabbing his clothes and running into Sherlock’s bathroom and slamming the door.
Sherlock reached for Greg’s hand and pulled the fingers to his own lips and sucked them deeply into his mouth, tasting the small drop of blood as he fellated the fingers.  Greg moaned again and his head fell back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock was finding the day was dragging even worse than usual.  He had avoided breakfast that morning which he did sometimes do so John wasn't too worried.  His first sighting of John was when he was sat at his desk in the form room and he saw John and Mike laughing and pushing each other as they came in.  They were making their way across the room to where they usually sat; John behind Sherlock and Mike on John's far side, so they needed to pass very close.  John nudged Mike just as they were by Sherlock's desk and Mike elbowed him back.  John managed to make his stumble a bit more dramatic than necessary and knocked into Sherlock, his hand sliding across his arm and touching Sherlock's chest lightly before he pulled himself up and apologised.
He decided he needed to play this properly so he locked his door and headed off to the roof access.  He’d previously taken a squashy pillow up there which he kept covered in plastic so that it didn’t get soaked when it rained.  He pulled it out now and got himself settled in the lee of one of the chimneys and began playing around with the new tune.  He thought of the boy as he played and snippets of lines about dark, curly hair and strong cheek bones sprang to his mind so he started trying to fit the lyrics together with the melody he was creating.  He kept stopping to write things down in his notebook, changing the phrasing occasionally when something sounded better another way.
John used his army signals to gesticulate that he would go first and for them to keep their eyes and ears wide open.  Sherlock rolled his eyes and used signals of his own to point to John and to mime fangs and hearing and point upstairs indicating John should listen.  John smiled and shrugged, he still wasn’t used to using his new powers in such situations.  He listened with his enhanced hearing and he could detect an increased heart rate from someone in the front bedroom.  John pointed to where he could detect the person and Sherlock nodded so they made their way slowly up the stairs and headed forwards.  They stood to either side of the door.  John indicated that he would kick the door and roll to the right and Sherlock was to wait a second then go left and they could hopefully outflank their target as he wouldn’t be able to keep both of them covered on opposite sides of the room at the same time.
John felt elated, both from Sherlock’s comments and the way he was looking at him, so he undressed slowly, allowing Sherlock to look his fill at each stage, knowing he would need time to absorb all the new data presented to him.  It didn’t hurt that it was ramping the tension up a bit further either, John loving the way Sherlock’s eyes roved over his body and Sherlock loving that he was finally getting to see John in all his glory.  He was desperate to focus on that scar, to examine all that had been done to John, but that would keep for another time.  There was something else he was more desperate to see now and John had finally got that far.
Sherlock had not bothered to put his shirt or trousers back on when John had finished with him so he was already almost bare, only having his boxers still on.  He was very keen that John join him in that state so he set about removing John’s clothes.
John was shouting now and had moved closer, pointing his finger in Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock put out an arm and touched John’s wrist.
“You wouldn’t spoil anything, in fact, you’d make it better, because then Mummy wouldn’t complain that I’m moping about the place.  Oh please, John, you have to come?”
John pulled Sherlock behind a wall and took him into his arms and gave him a warm hug followed by a smattering of kisses all across his face.  He grinned up at him.
John blushed at that and gave Sherlock a shy smile.  “Thank you, Sherlock.  I mean it.  Thank you for rescuing me once again, too.  What would I do without you?”
Sherlock was groaning freely and John was enjoying the way his head was straining back against the pillow as he tried to allow John as much access as possible.  When John had finished one side he moved across to the other and did the same thing all over again; admiring the pretty pattern he was making.  He was happy to see the possessive marks, wanting everyone to know that Sherlock was his; but he knew, realistically, that Sherlock would have to make full usage of his coat collar and scarf if they had a case in the next couple of days.
“Daddy is taking us to Innsbruck on Friday so we’ll be skiing ‘til after New Year.  Mummy did say I could ask Freddie along, but he has some boring family thing he has to do so he couldn’t come.  I do think he could have got out of it but he said not, it’s really too bad.”
“Mycroft has arranged for a Cardiothoracic Specialist he knows to take John’s case so we’re going to a Government Military facility.  I’ll ring you later when John is out of surgery and let you know how he’s doing.”
When he got as far as that, though, Sherlock could resist no longer and he told John what he had known from the beginning from the markings on the body.
Stacey was hovering near Jasmine, offering her a tissue, and looking grateful for the chance to be able to help her former friend.  The break-up had definitely been on Jasmine's side only, and Stacey appeared to still miss her friend.  Hannah and Ethan had been backstage, as they had been waiting to come back in to the room.  They had come through the door when they had heard the crash, and both just looked surprised when it had happened, though Hannah was edging nearer to Freddie, trying to be supportive.
It was for a ten year reunion for Sandhurst Military Academy where he had done his officer candidate training and had obviously come about after his meeting last week with a fellow attendee, Greg Lestrade.  Greg had been a big pal of his own at the Academy but they had lost touch whilst John had been away.  Greg had finished his training at the same time as John and been all set to join the Military Police when his mother had been taken very ill and he, being her only relative, had taken over her care.  He had moved back home and decided to transfer across to the regular police force instead so that he wouldn’t get posted abroad and have to leave her on her own.
"I fear you may have lost one of your regulars.  Chap by the name of Ronald Adair.  He must have lost here recently and owed some serious personal debts.  I want to know with whom he's been playing?"
Mycroft butted in to talk over him.  “Regardless of what you may think, John, you are unable to foresee what may occur in the future.  More importantly though, do you really imagine Sherlock would want to forever link himself with a lowly gardener’s son, or that Father would ever allow that to happen.”
John could see the resignation in Mycroft’s face so he sat down and Mycroft pressed the buzzer through to Anthea.  He didn’t have to ask for anything, she knew what he wanted, and had it ready, just waiting for his signal.  She swiftly brought in the tea service and put it on the desk in front of him.  He nodded his thanks and began preparing two cups, making John’s exactly how he had it, without even asking, and passed it over.  He pushed the plate of biscuits towards John, too.
Sherlock looked surprised that someone else seemed to find these things as exciting as he did.  It made such a pleasant change from the boring people with whom he usually had to associate.  Once again John was proving to be a revelation.
He had never had anyone choose him in that manner before; who put his wishes before their own in so many instances too.  How many times had John walked out on dates, left work, given Sherlock his full attention when he had been involved in his own pursuits?  Even when John complained vociferously and berated Sherlock on his lack of consideration, he still accommodated his needs.  There surely was no man better than John Watson.
"We'll obviously have to call it a day for now, but don't worry, we'll get everything sorted for the next rehearsal.  We can be glad that no-one was seriously hurt and put this unfortunate accident behind us."
Sherlock smiled widely down at him.  It looked a little too big to be real; as if he was faking being convivial, but somehow John just knew that what he said was true.  It was certainly enough to make John blush again.  He hadn’t done that so much for a few years; not since he’d falteringly asked Susan Harper out for his first date when he was fourteen.
Sherlock joined John at lunch too, sitting with a group of John’s friends.  He didn’t interact with them much, content to just spend his time with John.  He didn’t eat much except when John looked at him as if in query and then he’d take a bite.  John smiled, seeming to be happy to have him there but not pushing him into more than he was ready for and also not insisting that he deduce everyone as had been done to him at other places where it had almost felt as if he was being pimped out for their amusement.
He didn’t know what to reply.  His brain had been swirling all day with thoughts of ‘not gay’ and ‘that was amazing’ and ‘how could I?’  Feelings of elation at how wonderful it had felt whilst he’d dreamt (as he thought) the blow job, and then worried about somehow having cheated on Mary.  He did try to reason with himself that it had been subconscious so he couldn’t really help it.   He told himself that he hadn’t realised it wasn’t Mary in his dream to start with but when he remembered running his fingers through what were clearly Sherlock’s curls and not wanting to stop, he brought himself round full circle and started through the confusing thoughts all over again.
Sherlock pulled John forward to the edge of his chair and used his deceptively not inconsiderable strength to lift John up and lie him down on the pillows; the heat of the fire warming his skin through the towelling robe.  John made as if to resist but Sherlock shook his head minutely, their unspoken knowledge of each other being enough for John to know it was all taken care of and to let Sherlock handle everything.
Greg continued, as Sherlock raised his eyebrows then chuckled at John. “All that investigating - I mean, I know I didn’t do as much as you two – but it was really interesting.  I can see why you like it, Dad; maybe it would be something I’d like to do.”
Sherlock needed no more encouragement.  He grabbed hold of John’s hand and towed him quickly towards their halls.  They split apart when they got to a more populated area and made their way up to John’s room.
John blinked rapidly.  Had Sherlock just asked him what he thought he’d asked him?  Surely not!  But what if he had?  John was torn between wanting to admit the truth and not wanting to ruin their friendship just in case he’d got it wrong.  Sherlock had been brave enough to ask the question, though, so he could do no less with his reply.
John wanted to push him even further so he circled the little nub again, running his other hand down Sherlock’s spine to try to calm him a little as he rutted furiously against the pillow below him every time John touched him there.  John kept up the rhythmic motion of his finger for a while; pushing into Sherlock’s eagerly accepting body and brushing against the prostate on every other stroke.
“I remember.  It was certainly a shock to the system.  Are you okay now, did the… did my blood help?”
“Well, we can certainly tackle the radio ourselves then, if you can talk the teacher round, of which I have no doubt.”  Sherlock grinned at John and they both went back to looking for more props.
“I suppose I’d better see if I can stand on my own today and make it over to the bathroom.”  He started to push himself up off the bed but winced when the movement put pressure on his ribs.
All in all, it was a good session and everyone seemed pleased with how it had all panned out.  Greg thanked everyone and dismissed them until the following Wednesday.
“Well, that fact clearly wouldn’t impress you in this instance as the very nature of our meeting would tell me your occupation.  I could tell you that you started with a small firm first where your skills were not fully appreciated by the crew, but also by yourself as you doubted your own abilities.  You moved on to a bigger company where you worked for two, no, three years and gained some much needed confidence.  You have your own plane now as is obvious by our arrival here and you clearly work for the Lichtenstein royal family as evidenced by their insignia on your tail fin.  Your plane is amphibious as they do not have an airport so you clearly land on the large lake in the palace grounds.  You have also obviously performed some kind of service for my brother in the past for him to enlist you in such a sensitive matter.”
Martin seemed to sense that this was Sherlock being grateful and smiled back at him.  “No problem.  It was great to meet you.”
Sherlock knocked his heels into Mystery and he was off.  John was very close behind and, much to Sherlock’s surprise, he seemed to stay there easily, not losing any ground as Sherlock sensed him right beside him.  When Sherlock took a moment to look across, he saw that John was poised up on his toes, knees tucked in, bottom out of the saddle and leaning hunched forward over King, perfectly balanced.  John had been keeping secrets from him it seemed.  He spurred Mystery on, trying to keep ahead of John, but the other boy matched him length for length.  When they finally approached the copse, and had to slow down, it was a dead heat.
John was looking forward to it.  He thought it would be great to see where Sherlock had grown up and he was more than happy to allow Sherlock some extra time to recover before they threw themselves back into their London existence.  It would also allow Mycroft to use the time to bring Sherlock back from the dead.  He had already provided the evidence to Scotland Yard to prove Sherlock’s innocence in all matters to do with Moriarty and Richard Brook, and it was now a question of restoring all the other documentation needed to allow Sherlock to function on a day to day basis.
Sherlock settled himself more comfortably on the bed, drew in a deep breath and clicked on the earliest dated entry.
"So you think this was definitely aimed at Jasmine, then?  I mean, anyone could have been standing under that light."
“Isn’t it amazing?  It is just the best feeling ever.  Shame I didn’t really get to enjoy it with you, but it looked like you did.”
That wasn’t quite the end though, because as the cast and crew gathered on stage congratulating each other, Greg came charging over to Sherlock and stood glaring at him.
There were no lights visible and the grass around the entrances had grown up quite high and didn’t look to have been touched recently.  They skirted round to the back and one of the team widened a hole which had already been cut in the wire fence for them to get through.  It didn’t take long for them to establish that the place really was empty.  One of the doors at the back was hanging off its hinges and it was clear that anything stored in there had long since been removed; either by the owners or other erstwhile visitors.
“Well I…,” Sherlock left the comment hanging.  He didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t want to openly blame John but he had been alone a lot lately and that was how he had been feeling.
They did the pool first, as they certainly didn’t want to be there when the cousins landed.  Sherlock explained that the water was kept at a comfortable temperature so it could be used all year round, and he saw John looking covetously at the water.
“That’s the whole point, Mrs Hudson, it’s supposed to be a heart and hearts pump blood so that has to be what it is.  Do you think John will like it?”
John tried to retain the name they had just used and the fact that the bloke apparently worked in some kind of lab to tell Sherlock later.  He didn’t like the sound of this new idea though.  Experimental drugs were risky at the best of times, but in a situation like this, he didn’t fancy his chances.  A beating he could take; and had indeed proven on many occasions that he wouldn’t crack under that sort of pressure.  Chemically altering his perceptions, however, wasn’t something he could consciously control.  He would just have to hope that Sherlock got here soon.  He had no doubt that Sherlock would find him.  The detective had never let him down yet and had found him on each of the previous four occasions when he had been kidnapped.
“Your team is just coming up the stairs so might I suggest we table this discussion until this evening.  If you come over to Baker Street when you’re done we’ll explain everything.  As to now you might want to fasten your coat.”
They kissed again, drawing out the last one, not wanting to part.  They could hear voices coming up the stairs towards their floor now and knew they couldn't drag it out any longer.  Sherlock leant in for one more quick kiss and then dashed into the communal bathrooms, from which he could innocently emerge and head to his own room without any show of having been anywhere near John's.
"That's great, thanks Sherlock.  Well, would you like to start right in then and read the part now as those are the first lines to begin the play."
When they were all ready, they edged open the door and rolled in the grenade.  The man standing by the wall caught the movement but by the time he opened his mouth to warn his colleagues, it went off and they all fell to the floor, shaking their heads and covering their ears.  John’s team burst in and the takedown manoeuvre followed their exact plan; the three men being knocked out and tied up as soon as they got in the room.
They played through the scene a couple of times, going through the introductions to the proprietors, and them being shown through another door to go up to their rooms.  It all seemed to flow very nicely, both John and Hannah already having a firm grip on their characters.  This scene certainly required a lot less work than the one previously and it was soon finished for now.
John didn’t appear to be of the same opinion as, at that moment, he flung open the door of the bathroom, fully dressed and grabbed his school bag, backing away to the door.
John blushed then took in a deep breath.  He wasn’t going to freak out now.  He’d wanted Sherlock for so long; even with no contact for all these years, he had never lost his love for this amazing man.  He cleared his throat, determined to get it all out this time.
“I saw his face as you walked in and I just watched yours now when you saw him.  You both have it as bad as each other and this has gone on long enough.”
John jumped on the bed on the other side of Greg and kissed the shocked look off his face then he followed Sherlock’s example and started kissing his way down Greg’s body.  They both spent a lot of time on Greg’s neck, licking and sucking over the pulse point on either side, though they were careful not to pierce the skin at this stage, wanting to draw everything out for him until he was ready to come again.  The two men made their way down Greg’s body, covering him in kisses and love bites, sucking fingers and even toes to provide the imagery and sensation of what they were going to do to him shortly.
“He always was a bit of a demon at poker.  Cleared me out a few times before I caught on to his tell; now we’re probably about evenly matched.  Maybe I could happen upon this casino and play a hand or two.  He never could resist a challenge.  Might be the perfect way to get to him.”
“No, John, no.  You are never to use that method again.  I’m banning feathers from the house.  Completely.  For ever.  Never to darken our doorway.”
“Grab yourself a seat, Mr Holmes.  You’re in luck.  I decided to treat myself to a bottle of Talisker 25 and I would be very happy to share.”
“Only a little bit.”  John smiled across at Sherlock and slid his hand across the seat to squeeze Sherlock’s thigh.
They grinned at each other and Sherlock opened the door and gestured for John to precede him through.  They made their way down to the ballroom where everyone was gathering for the party.  Mummy saw them as they came in and rushed over.
John blushed.  Had he really been doing so badly?  It hadn’t seemed too dire when he’d been circling round. Wait a minute - that meant that Sherlock had been watching him during the last dance.  Why would he have been doing that?
“Well enough of that, I’m sure you’d rather get on with the partying.  I managed to wangle some goodies out of Mrs Price so we have a veritable feast to enjoy.  Sally has organised some music for us, which I have promised Sherlock won’t consist of those – to quote himself – ‘infernally annoying Christmas songs that are droning on everywhere you go’.  Well, it won’t all consist of that, though there may be one or two thrown in for good measure.”
John watched as the lady was indeed moving things in her bag more frantically.  She looked around, searching the ground as if she might have dropped whatever it was.
“I think that’s as good as we’re going to get.  Is your belt strapped on tight, this could be a little bumpy.”
Sherlock smiled shyly up at John who grinned back at him just as the policeman came running round the corner.
“Of course not, but do you imagine you are the only person who listens to his answerphone?  It has changed since yesterday, by the way.”
Sherlock grinned at him and slid his hand down across the scar and round to John’s side.  John squealed and then groaned as the movement jolted his ribs.
“Much.”  John laughed and pulled him back down again.  He put his finger to his bottom lip.  “Now I believe you were about here.”
I waited an extra week to write to you as I am now free.  I was released on Wednesday and have spent the last three days walking London again to re-acquaint myself with the roads and people and feel like I’m finally back home.
When he was tied, Sherlock rolled Jenkins over and took the flash drive out of his breast pocket and slipped it into his own.
The surgery was long and complex but John was impressed with the skill of both surgeons and knew that Sherlock was in good hands and should hopefully make a full recovery on both counts.  When they were done they moved him to a private assessment room to keep an eye on him through the night.
This last week whilst you have been with me, finally receiving proper treatment for your injuries, has been perfect.  Not seeing the pain you have been in, of course, but just getting to spend all my time with you again has, at last, started making it sink in that you are back with me.
Sherlock found it fascinating to watch John’s REM patterns and had even been able to pull him out of a nightmare at one point by stroking his hand across John’s brow and telling him everything was alright and he was safe.  He didn’t know if that was John’s usual PTSD or the new trauma of being kidnapped and tortured; most likely one exacerbating the other.  Sherlock was quite pleased with himself that he’d been able to stop John from suffering through it though so what did that say about his feelings.  Would he have been pleased to stop anyone else from having a nightmare – would he have even bothered trying?  He had to admit that the answer was no.  He wondered how much of their conversation from the previous day John would remember when he awoke.
“Maybe that’s exactly what I am bargaining for.”  Sherlock tilted his head backwards and John stretched his neck forwards and they met for a warm, welcoming kiss in the middle.  Sherlock rubbed his arse against John again, and it started him moaning into the kiss at the pleasure.  “Can I try something?”
“I understand why you had to do it but that doesn’t make it any easier for me to think about what I went through.  I… well; I was just kind of lost without you.”
Before Sherlock could make him stop again, John turned his head and sucked the tip of Sherlock’s cock, complete with the covering silk material, into his mouth.  Sherlock moaned and collapsed back in his chair, unable to resist this time.  John was quick to take advantage, pulling Sherlock’s underwear down under his balls and taking the shaft back into his mouth, flicking the slit with his tongue as he moved it around.
Sherlock charged out and made his way back up to the surface where the car was ready and waiting and took off immediately in the direction of Mycroft’s home.  Sherlock easily guessed the date of his supposed demise as Mycroft’s alarm code and was soon in the room he had previously used when he was forced to temporarily stay with Mycroft after his last stint of rehab.  The laptop and phone were waiting on the desk fully charged and, though he was tempted to go straight to them, he decided that a shower, shave and change of clothes would make the process much more pleasurable as he could then enjoy the messages without interruption.
John was the first one to come back to his senses as he realised that Sherlock must, obviously, have discovered the problem and it, clearly, had something to do with the gun.  He stepped forward towards Matthew and tried to bring things round and get back to the script.
Knowing Greg had climaxed, and that John should now have ingested as much fresh blood as he needed he pinched a nerve in the side of John's neck which made him yelp in pain and release his fangs from Greg's neck.  When John let go, Sherlock pulled him round so he could see his face and he saw John come back to himself and realise where he was.  John looked at Greg, just lolling euphorically in front of him.  He knew that look.  He looked down at Greg's crotch and saw evidence of what had just happened.  He leant forward to lick Greg's neck, cleaning up the puncture site and sealing it safely.  He looked back over at Sherlock.
“You wouldn’t do that.  What John and I have is a pure, strong love and I think your occasional inclusion would only enhance the experience, not detract anything from it.  Don’t you agree, John?”
“He was rabbiting on about some pass he’d made and all I could think about was the pass I wanted to make – and it wasn’t on the rugby field.”  John winked at him.  “Now, why don’t you come over here?”
If they chose Rock they had to crouch into a ball with their hands around the knees.  If they chose Scissors they had to stand with legs wide and arms joined together and bent behind the heads.  If they chose Paper they had to stand with arms stretched out high and wide and legs split open.  Rock would beat Scissors, Scissors would beat Paper and Paper would beat Rock as in the traditional game.
The main doors were all locked as they weren’t officially open until later in the afternoon, but Sherlock led the way around to a side door and after a complicated series of knocks they were let in.
Sherlock raised his hips to allow John to pull off his boxers and made room for John to lie beside him.  They lay on their sides facing each other and John slid his hand around Sherlock’s neck and pulled him closer.  As he kissed Sherlock, he shuffled his lower body forwards so that they rubbed up against each other.  Sherlock’s head fell back and he groaned as he felt the hard press of John’s cock against his own.  He pushed his hips up, trying to extend the feeling and John took full advantage to kiss Sherlock’s now exposed neck whilst he rotated his hips again, setting a pleasing rhythm.
His brother had also texted him, accepting for once that there was no way that Sherlock would answer a call, to tell him that all would be well and to trust in his nature in knowing what to do.  Sherlock had merely snorted and ignored him.  He’d be telling him to trust in fairies and pixie dust next.  He did follow the other piece of advice that Mycroft had given him, however, and had a few packets of blood ready by the bed for when (not if – he wasn’t acknowledging ‘if’) John woke up.  Sherlock had never turned anyone himself but he knew that Mycroft had – that assistant of his being a prime example – so he was prepared to listen to him if it meant making things easier for  John.
“Sure, Greg.  Julian and I can bring you some ideas at our next session on Wednesday and we can go from there.”
“Sorry, Greg, I didn’t mean to startle you.  I just thought I’d come round and see how you were feeling after a night to think things through.  I know Sherlock can be a bit intimidating sometimes and I thought that if there was anything else you wanted to ask without facing that penetrating stare I might be able to help.  After all, I have been through all this myself, too.”
John was silent for a moment.  Had Sherlock just admitted that he cared about John?  He supposed he could understand it; they had been together for more than half of Sherlock’s life, after all, and he certainly cared about Sherlock; he just hadn’t known that Sherlock felt the same way.  He was quite touched.  Very touched, in fact.  Almost choked, when it came down it.  He tried to swallow around the lump in his throat.
“Oh Sherlock, I meant to say I can’t come over tonight, sorry.  Mary’s parents have invited me round to the embassy for tea so I can’t refuse something like that.  Sorry, it’s such short notice, but we weren’t doing anything important, were we?  See you tomorrow anyway.”
The party looked like being quite a swanky affair as it was being held at The Dorchester.  John was waiting at the kerb when Greg pulled up in a taxi so they wasted no time in heading off.  John laughed when he saw Greg’s outfit as he had come as his antithesis, dressed in a traditional burglar costume, complete with stripy jumpy and swag bag.
It appeared that the General had not been as covert as he supposed in his illicit liaison with his own under-secretary as, from the looks his wife was sending him, she was well aware of the affair.  She had clearly decided to get her own back by having him humiliated and probably expelled from the service by implicating him personally in this deal she herself was arranging with Jenkins.
Sherlock didn’t complain as violently as usual and John knew that meant he really was tired so he escorted him up to bed and they both got themselves ready and climbed in.  Instead of starting their evening separately and gravitating towards each other in their sleep as they had been doing; tonight they started as they definitely meant to go on.
Now that it had been pointed out to him, John saw the way the other teens were looking at each other and could tell that it was true.  He turned his head back to Sherlock, looking a little sad.
