Dean quickly advanced and pinned Cas down then swooped his lips down to give Cas a passionate kiss. When he thrusted his tongue into Cas’s mouth, he made Cas taste his own essence along with Dean. Cas moaned passionately at the knowledge and taste.
He swallowed down the rest of his beer and leaned over to get another one off the table in front of them. He felt Cas’s eyes on him and wondered if he was imagining Dean in cuffs. Probably not. Cas didn’t swing that way.
Dean smirked self-mockingly but evaded easily, “Rumor has it that I’m not too bright. Thought she was a person. You know how the mentally challenged are.” Cas and Alfie rolled their eyes at the evasion.
“What’s up?” Dean asked, knowing there was a problem.
Dean advised, “You both should drink at least another bottle of water and take three aspirin before you go to bed tonight or you’ll have some really wicked hangovers come morning. Just letting you know.”
and see your
Those eyes now haunted him. He couldn’t get them out of his mind as well as all the other things he’d been trying to push out of his mind for the past month, almost two now, hell, all his life. That spirit hadn’t known depression until it had felt his mind. He tapped his temple with the barrel of his gun.
Cas groaned at the feeling of Dean’s cock, pulsing and erupting along his which caused Cas to shoot out his orgasm seconds after Dean finished convulsing. Cas strained and rocked out his orgasm before he let out a shuddering breath, causing Dean to gasp and thrust against him. Cas moaned then captured Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. He pulled up slightly before observing drily, “God, De. You’re amazing.” Cas shuddered again with pleasure.
Dean sighed at these too deep thoughts and leaned back then turned to look at Cas when Cas cursed softly.  “What?” Dean demanded as he wondered what he’d missed.
He grabbed some short glasses and the Jack then walked back in. He sat on a chair next to the couch and handed a glass over to Dean. He poured them both a bit then watched Dean shoot it down in less than five seconds. He poured Dean a little more and felt better when Dean took his time with the second one.
“Nope,” Dean admitted abruptly, cocking his gun absentmindedly as his eyes returned to it. “But he is out of signal range a lot. In the wilderness and stuff. He’ll probably call soon.” Dean answered absently, hoping Cas didn’t remember how many times he’d said that same thing  in the last month. He changed the subject quickly, “How’s your brother? Gabe, right?”
The original spoke’s lady stepped forward and answered, “Honestly, it was really fifty-fifty. Personally, if you had to make me choose, I’d take you both home boys. Don’t suppose that’s an option, huh?”
Finally, he leaned back with a sigh, assessing, “Yeah, they appeared to be mainly bruised. Maybe one or two fractures but they’ll heal with bindings. Want them bound tonight?”
Dean barely managed to keep his eyes from glancing at Cas but he couldn’t stop the heat from rising to his cheeks. He played into it by admitting sheepishly, “Yeah, she caught me off guard and grabbed me by the neck.” He rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably then peeked at Cas. He wished his body didn’t react so suddenly to the flush on Cas’s face.
“Thanks a lot,” Dean snarked. “Way to hurt a guy’s ego.”
Dean refocused on the house and recounted everything he had done to it to make sure he didn’t miss anything. He paused for a moment as he ran through that morning in his mind. Then he remembered there was something that he’d wanted to check out but had become distracted by the pain of digging up the grave.
True, she’d been killed like an hour after he got to town before he’d even really started investigating. True, he didn’t even know she’d be a victim. True, he killed the thing that had killed her even after it had sunk its depressing, life-sucking claws into him. Yeah, all that was true. None of it erased the memory of her terror-struck eyes in what pictures had shown was a genuinely happy, loving child.
Finally, Cas prodded, “And what?”
. . . someone to. . .,” He cajoled desperately then he bit his lip, trying to keep his most desperate plea hidden.
“Why?” The sheriff repeated absently then pushed his hat further back on his head. “Well, now, I thought that would be obvious. I want to know who did it.” He paused again then stared Dean in the eyes before he added solemnly, “So that I can thank them for getting rid of this death trap.”
“We’ll see,” Cas allowed noncommittally and wiggled his eyebrows wickedly. “We may have to get really close.”
A young classic blonde cheerleader type girl, probably Kelly, hung from her hands in the middle of the room suspended by . . .  nothing but the ghost’s presence. Alfie, he assumed, cowered in a corner, facing the wall, like a child in time out. Alfie glanced around to look behind him then flinched as the ghost screeched and a welt rose on his naked back.
Cas frowned slightly and pried curiously, “Nightmares.”
Dean moved back against the wall but there was no need. The rope stopped about six inches above him. They had fastened a noose that would fit around his waist to keep him from losing his grip and falling back down.
“I know,” Cas cut off. “We all have our jobs. Just let me know not to expect you if that happens. Deal.”
Cas felt comfortable with his diagnosis for Dean’s head wound. He tried not to stare at the relaxed perfect face in front of him but felt a slight rush of pleasure at the view before him. He quickly trampled it down, wondering what the hell was wrong with him.
“Pizza? Awesome,” Dean crowed enthusiastically as he bent over and searched for some clean clothes.
“Actually, you just said that I was a nut who had a death wish,” Dean clarified.
“They aren’t here. No cars.”
Alfie slowly opened his eyes and stared at his brother with desperate eyes. “Please tell me none of it was real.”
“Not tonight,” Cas insisted. “No vote then?”
“What are you? My mother? I decided to start training for the big day and went out for a run,” Dean adlibbed as only he could. “It’ll be a while before I’m done. How about I meet you at Mel’s after work? Then you can
Dean arched an eyebrow then gave a drunken smile. “Dude, we are talking about sex, threesomes and bondage. What is there that you can’t tell me?”
“Language,” Cas warned. Alfie rolled his eyes while McDonald’s eyes dance with mirth.
Dean came with a loud shout of pleasure, shooting long hot ribbons of sperm down Cas’s willing throat. Cas swallowed around him, milking more out of him then Dean thought was possible, until Cas finally let his spent cock fall limply back down to his sweaty abs. Dean’s eyes roll back in his head as his body shuddered with pleasure again then he let out a very sated groan. It had been so long since he’d had an orgasm that good.
“Because it’s the only haunted house within a hundred mile radius,” Cas answered dryly with a shrug. “This time of year, kids get a kick out of trying to get each other to go inside. Of course, most of the time, they just sit outside drinking beer. They won’t be jumping off the old train bridge because they’ve been doing it all summer and are pretty bored with it by now.”
He hated how the alcohol had him spilling his guts but, at least, he could blame everything on it later. He hated feeling. He felt way too emotionally vulnerable right now, like the slightest rejection could destroy him.
“Why today, Dean?” Cas questioned softly, wanting to find out what was going on with his friend.
“I’ll get you some ice for tonight,” Cas stated a few moments later.
“Need someone to what, Dean?” Cas coaxed again, staring into Dean’s vibrant green eyes. Those green eyes showed how lost, desperate and needy his friend inside felt. Cas could no longer resist. He watched Dean’s tongue, gloss over Dean’s lush, too perfect lips and Cas really wanted to do something he’d never had the urge to do before.
“You seem to know a lot about this,” a man from the back observed dryly.
Dean smirked before agreeing, “Yeah. Kind of know what that’s like. How about you tell him that we’ll come with? That way you can keep an eye on him.”
“’Kay,” Dean acknowledged softly while he attempted to prepare himself to feel Cas’s hands on his torso.
A hushed silence fell over the group for a long moment. Then Lyle acknowledged softly, “Okay, I get . . . the girls, but why Alfie? He doesn’t remotely . . .”
Dean grinned widely before advising, “We taste good together, baby.”
saw you hurled through the door and heard that witch yell at us to stay out?”
Dean flashed a slight grin over that and actually looked at Cas for a change. “Might have to leave me directions to it but, hell, yeah. Might even be able to fix the Carlo before you do.”
“Yeah, you did, wiseass,” Cas insulted drily.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes, wanting to just feel. He let the pleasure filled feeling of Cas caressing his cock take over but he answered absentmindedly anyway, “Don’t know that it was an actual thought before today. Before that, it was just instances, like enjoying the warmth when our hands touched. That always felt good. You look great without a shirt on. Really built, you know. But the kissing contests . . . God, that might have been . . . watching you . . .  Wondering . . .” Dean trailed off with a shudder.
“Me,” Cas grimaced, still flustered.
He paused, waiting for Cas’s decision and permission. After a long second, Cas gave a quick nod and Dean quirked a small smile. “Let me know what feels good,” he encouraged softly before he captured Cas’s lips another consuming kiss.
Dean shook off his morbid thoughts then refocused on the present. He should have been paying more attention, or drinking less, but, as it was, he never had a chance. He’d been at a deficient from the get go.
In the background, he heard Alfie and Kyle calling Kelly’s name. He felt Cas slowly pulled him up into a semi-upright position then supported him as he leaned against Cas, cradling his side. His head leaned against Cas’s shoulder, willing the nausea to pass. He borrowed what strength he could from the man holding him up while Cas loosely held him upright with an arm around his waist.
Cas thought for a moment then admitted wryly, “Probably not. You?”
Cas waited until after Dean entered the house. He turned the light on while he closed and locked the front door. He grimaced when he saw Dean in normal light. Dean had lost a lot of his color and his eyes were sunken. Dean had cobwebs, dust, dirt and leaves all over him.
Cas let go of Dean’s arm then offered easily, “After you clean up, if you get bored, you can come hang out at the garage and maybe we can discuss some of the plays for the game tomorrow.”
“Why this time of year?” Dean prodded, sensing something work related here.
“Kyle. Where’s Alfie?” Cas demanded as he quickly closed the distance between them.
“So, what’s the plan for tomorrow?” He wondered because he knew he needed to change the subject before he got any more weird thoughts in his head. Thoughts of Cas, touching Cas, doing things to Cas. Oh, God, he was so losing it and too drunk to care. He couldn’t even think of leaving Cas now to cool down because he needed this so bad.
“Dean?” he prodded softly against Dean’s other cheek.
“You’re such a girl, Cassie,” Dean harassed sulkily to repay Cas for his lack of trust.
Cas snickered around Dean’s shaft, making Dean feel the vibrations course deep inside and throughout his body. It caused Dean to thrust his hips up forceful while he pushed Cas’s mouth down on it. He worked Cas’s mouth over his cock impatiently while Dean thrusted up into Cas’s pleasure giving mouth. He felt Cas moan lustily over Dean’s aggressive behavior and fell back with a ragged moan of his own. Dean felt his balls tighten and his stomach clench then he knew.
Cas scoffed then ordered as he turned and moved toward the bedroom, “Rest while I get cleaned up. You can turn on the stereo or watch TV if you want.”
Cas stared back at him and for a very long moment neither one of them said anything then Dean returned to the only slightly safer topic. “So if it wasn’t a threesome, what was it? Bondage?” Dean guessed randomly and Casy flushed slightly, causing Dean to chuckle slightly. “You in handcuffs or her?”
Dean smirked wryly at the generous offer, wondering what he’d ever done to deserve that. “We’ll see. You never told me what was up. You know. Why you’re calling?”
Dean leaned over and kissed Cas on the lips again, not stopping his hand motion. He leaned back and whispered over Cas’s lips, “Dude, we’re just friends who have had enough of women for the moment. We’re just helping each other out, like friends do. Besides, we’re way too blitzed to care right now, yeah?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hell, yeah,” a chorus of ladies seconded.
Before Dean could retort, Alfie wondered, “You do have a death wish. What the hell were you thinking, insulting her like that? It was like you were trying to piss her off. How could you . . . why would you . . . I mean, I could barely think and there you were acting like everything was normal and she was just a normal . . . mean . . . awful . . . person.”
Dean turned and headed toward the house, trying to get his body back under his control. Last thing he wanted was to embarrass himself or Cas but he still glanced back to see where Cas was going to be. He saw Cas speak quietly to his father then move off to the side to search the field.
Dean hung up, feeling a lot better than before. At least, someone cared enough to call him. He shook off the pity party, trying to fight off what the ghost had done to him, and tossed his phone on the bed. He made sure the room was locked and protected, something that he hadn’t cared about when he had first walked in. Then he undressed and got into the shower.
Cas started, “Okay. I’m not a neat freak but you are definitely showering before you lay down on my sheets. Get your duffel from the kitchen and I’ll show you where. I’ll get the couch set up in the meantime.” Dean nodded without comment, mainly because he totally agreed.
Dean shook his head. “Just finished eating. What were you working on?”
“We need to hang up so you can call the folks. Keep’em from worrying,” Dean advised.
Dean motioned Alfie away so that he could get next to Kelly. He fell to his knees easy enough then leaned over and checked for a pulse and found one. He leaned over and checked for breathing. He announced clinically, “She has a pulse and is breathing.”
four hundred anymore and I want my two back,” Dean pointed out cockily
Cas scolded him for not awaking him up on his shift but Dean just grumbled under his breath then passed out on the couch. Cas made him breakfast again then took Alfie to school before heading in to work. Dean slept until Cas’s lunch call woke him up. Cas arrived at the house about fifteen minutes later then drove them to Mel’s in his truck.
Cas shook his head, wondering what the hell he was doing with this nut. Cas sighed and got some water out of the fridge then ordered some pizza, not feeling like going to Mel’s again. There were too many people there and lately, too many women who kept trying to drag his friend away while they were in the middle of conversations.
This was getting ridiculous for a totally not gay Dean. But Cas’s hands moved so gently over his wound that he was once again reminded what it was like to be taken care of, to have someone concerned over his welfare. It kind of reminded him of how Sam, and his dad, used to care, sometimes. He knew that was messed up, that
“I told you already. It’s Cas, dude, or I will call you Deanie,” Cas warned.
“Tease,” Cas hissed but his eyes danced with warmth. Dean arched a playful eyebrow. Cas smirked, “Always knew you’d be a little cock tease.”
“How you figure? I won,” Cas argued tauntingly.
Dean set his glass down and reached for the bottom of his shirt then started to pull up slowly, trying to not aggravate his injuries. Cas stood and helped him pull the shirt off of him. Dean eased himself back with a small sigh and left himself open to Cas’s examination.
Dean snarked as he raised his good hand halfway up, “I was.”
Dean smirked, “We’ll see.” Then he allowed, “Look, I saw those moves you used on the guys at that bar. I know you’re trained so you can control yourself. Plus, I was trained that if I let you hit me there, I deserve the pain. Now, can you stop being pussy and get to it?”
Dean listened to the recital, unaffected, but made a mental note to double check the house first thing tomorrow morning. He glanced at Cas who was staring at him, trying to read him. Luckily, Dean was good a hiding stuff.
“Why?” Cas wondered.
He flipped the safety off when a light caught his eyes on the right of the end of the bed he’d been sitting on. His head lolled slightly to blink at it blearily.
He felt more human after the shower and toweled off quickly. He wrapped it around his waist then walked out of the bathroom. He spotted his duffel in a corner by the bed. He got out some clean clothes and dressed for the day. His boots were missing which meant they were probably outside. He put on everything but those then left the room, searching for Cas and some answers.
“Who the hell is Amber?” Dean wondered irritably. He felt like he was being ambush which always brought out his aggressive attitudes.
His eyes watched those amazingly lush lips gliding up and down his entire length. He felt that awesome tongue continue its flicking and whirling. Dean’s warm moist throat muscles contracted around his head then those expressive eyes locked with his and that was the last straw. Cas shot his seed down his best friend’s throat without any warning.
As much as he hated to admit it, Dean was lonely, very lonely. He knew he could go to any bar and probably leave with someone for the night but it was so empty anymore. Lately, all his one night stands felt so empty. He could pretend that they cared for him while they used each other.
Dean leaned back to give the waitress room to put their food down. When she was done, Dean leaned forward and asked, “Why tomorrow?”
“Aw, hell,” Cas groaned on a particularly good twist. “Freakin’ awesome.”
Alfie sighed then glanced back before lowering his voice to a whisper. “Regardless of why he’s here, I’m glad that he is. I mean it. He really did save my life. I owe him, man. Big time.”
“Don’t look,” the ghost screeched. “She’s mine to kill. She’s mine. You should’ve never replaced me with her.”
“He’s an impressionable teenager who’d been drinking,” Dean dismissed casually, watching Cas carefully through lazy eyes.
was messed up.
Dean laughed, “Pool. Probably should rest before sparring. Speaking of, where’s the nearest motel? Didn’t see one on my way in.”
After watching them twitch through their death throes for a few more moments, he leaned over and picked each one up after he verified they were dead because of the shot through their little pointy heads. He piled them up in a corner to the far side of him. Slowly, his adrenaline wore out and the ringing in his ears stopped. The voice from above startled him.
Dean smiled softly. “Already told you no. Not gay, or, even bi. Just not caring right now. Way too comfortable. Relaxed.” He gave a slow stretch then scratched lightly at his left pec then rubbed his hand down over his abs which were a little sore from their mock fight earlier. He laid his head back and watched the TV with half closed eyes.
Cas laughed then shrugged, “Why not? Serves’em right for dragging me out there tonight.”
“I’m not gay, squirt. He has the couch, nosy,” Cas growled at his brother.
Dean sighed heavily then admitted, “No, not really but also not really comfortable down here. Know what I mean?”
“Damn,” Cas hissed in a whisper then again louder when Dean slapped his inner thigh. “What the hell?”
“Peachy,” Dean snarked without opening his eyes but he gave Cas the ‘okay’ hand signal.
Cas shrugged and told him the whole story about how her husband supposedly killed her, but nothing was ever proven. Her body was never found. Supposedly, he killed her to marry a younger woman then brought that woman home.
“Dude, missed the perfect op for the ‘Talk.’ And you even had the other party here. What were you thinking? You’re giving big brothers everywhere a bad name,” Dean ragged.
He had started drifting off to sleep when he felt the softest feather touch ghost over his abs. He felt the muscles there jerk slightly in reaction so he tried to calm his body down. He couldn’t stop the blood rushing back though his body to his groin filling again at the needed touch.
“Nothing much. Just have a football game against some really big jerks that I want to beat into the ground. We’re a man down because of a groin injury which personally I think is more because of his wife who could definitely use some SlimFast, like a ton of it. Know what I mean?” Cas snarked playfully.
“In your dreams, pretty boy,” Cas dismissed easily.
Dean returned the frown thoughtfully. “Not really. Tend to wake myself up a lot. No one’s ever said that I talk or anything unless I’m sick or delirious, you know?” His eyes dropped heavily and slowly closed.
“What are we? A couple? I ain’t no chick, you know,” Dean teased mockingly as he remembered the fight he’d started after his last encounter with some witches. Those type of encounters never end well for him. He shook off that memory and admitted ruefully, “Actually, I’m glad you did call because my phone got trashed in that fight. Didn’t have your number so are you calling me from your cell or home?”
His curiosity gained satisfaction with the third cut. He felt that one but not enough to flinch. He stared at the third cut and knew that he probably needed stitches for that one. But, at least now he knew that depth did work for the numbness. He could still feel pain if it went deep enough.
“What do you mean? ‘What really’ what?” Kyle pried.
“Yeah, but visions fine now. No blurriness or dizziness since we made it home. Nausea’s passed, too,” Dean rattled off clinically. “Big bump right here.”
Cas rolled his eyes but returned Dean’s smile. “Whatever you say, babe, but right now, we need sleep.” Dean chuckled softly then shook his head and moved to get up. Cas stopped him and demanded, “Where are you going?”
“Yeah, I hear the family resemblance now, Hulkster,” Dean taunted wryly. A lot of ragging followed but, thankfully, it wasn’t too far to Kyle’s house since Cas insisted on keeping their phones open to keep in contact. Dean’s battery was almost dead by the time he pulled into Kyle’s driveway.
“Then how do I know you haven’t found out already?”
He stared down into those molten eyes and offered huskily, “I’m really not gay, Casy, and I’ve never done anything like this before, but I know what I like being done to me and I can try . . .“ He trailed off when he popped open the top of Cas’s jeans.
“Met him in a bar on the way back from Balth’s funeral.”
liked him. They had the same style of sarcastic humor and love for cars. When he really thought about it, he realized this was actually the longest relationship he’d ever had with anyone, outside of family and hunting. So, for right now, Cas was what he wanted, no, what he needed.
Dean paused then wondered curiously, “Your stereo have a cassette tape player?”
Cas smiled tauntingly, holding Dean’s gaze, while he reached down and grabbed his cock. He moaned softly and observed Dean through half-closed eyes. He watched Dean’s cock grow while Dean’s eyes were glued to Cas. Cas slowly stoked himself while he watched Dean wet his lips longingly then Cas commented huskily, “Oh, I’ll do something about this, if you want me to. And I’ll even let you watch. Or, you can . . . do whatever you want with it.”
He packed everything away, took some more Tylenol then headed back to Cas’s place, feeling better now that he’d at least done something useful while he was here. He didn’t know where the need to justify his time came from, probably his father, but now he could really relax and enjoy what time he had here.
“Dean’s got a point. It’s really the best plan,” Cas advised wisely.
“You know, damnit,” Alfie growled. “What the hell? You went by yourself, didn’t you? I know Cas wasn’t with you because he’s been working with Dad all day. I checked. What the hell were you thinking?”
“And you never checked?” Cas demanded furiously. Dean put a hand on his arm as a warning to calm down which remarkably worked as he intended, even though no words were said.
Over four months ago Sam had left for college and two months ago his dad had left for a hunt. His dad did come back occasionally but now they mostly hunted separate. He heard from his dad maybe once a week but it wasn’t enough because it was mainly text messages. He really longed to hear his father’s voice.
Dean turned around and saw Cas standing there, staring at him. “What?” Dean demanded self-consciously.
Desperately keeping his focus, Cas eyed the large bruise on Dean’s left side and wondered again, “You sure you’re up for this?”
“Cas? Cas? Oh, hey, Cas. What’s up?” Dean queried dully, now remembering his recent mark turned what?
Dean ignored the flush of pleasure that flow through him at his correct guess. He liked the fact that he knew Cas well enough to figure that out. Of course, being a big brother himself he was used to covering for younger siblings. He also knew Cas would be worried enough about Alfie that normal sibling rivalry would be suspended, for tonight anyway.
Dean smiled widely with relieved pleasure and added resolutely, “Don’t worry about it, Casy. Just touch me and I can . . . Already so turned on. Won’t take much.”
He turned and headed toward the overgrown, boarded up well just in time to see Cas approach it. A memory of the rotted boards flashed in his mind and he shouted out a warning to Cas but he was too late. Cas had just stepped on the boards then paused at Dean’s shout and the ominous crack that sounded from underneath him.
Cas cut him off, laughing again then drawled out, “So, you
“Call it fifty-fifty. ‘Course if you come out, you can let me know what you think and we can place bets,” Cas teased.
“Is the house really haunted?” Dean verified, swiftly switching to work mode as he walked back out to his car and popped open his baby’s trunk.
“Dean,” Cas checked again.
“Arms out,” Lyle ordered as the sheriff moved in to assist in the assessment. Dean rolled his eyes but did as he was ordered because it was how he’d been trained from the age of four.
Dean stared at him then honestly answered, “No, I don’t but I’ve been wrong before. I’d rather be safe than sorry. You know?”
Dean’s eyes shot over to Cas’s then he quickly looked away before closing them to rest some.
“So you need to go find him,” Dean concluded, immediately switching to work mode. “Okay, we’ll drop off my car then go look. Or, would it be better to split up and canvas the town?”
Cas opened it, wearing only a towel that he apparently hadn’t used yet since he was still dripping water. Dean swallowed hard as he actually took in the body in front of him. His attention fixated on following the path of those drops as they slowly fell from Cas’s black hair to his shoulders. From there, they slowly rolled down Cas’s massively toned chest and on to his abs then trailed past an opening in the towel held loosely at Cas’s waist.
Kyle swallowed hard before he answered hoarsely, “We all heard her scream. Most of them laughed but . . . it’s wasn’t faked. I knew it wasn’t. So did Alfie. He charged in and the door slammed behind him.”
“Whoa, hit a nerve, did I?” Dean taunted with amusement.
Dean smirked and couldn’t hold back again. “Well, you and Alfie were doing . . .
She scoffed, “That can’t hurt me. Like you said, sonny, I’m dead. And now so are you.”
Dean frowned in confusion as Cas told their audience, “Pretty boy here was sick as a dog with the flu and didn’t have anyone else to take care of him.” Dean flushed heavily when he caught on to what the girls had been thinking.
“And you didn’t think to call me?” Cas thundered in a firm baritone voice at the shaken teen.
“What the hell happened?”
“Dude, what have I told you about that?” Cas warned playfully then glanced up to see Dean’s slight smile with the closed eyes. Dean seemed to sense it because he chose just that time to flip Cas off. Cas gave a small snort of amusement before pulling into Kelly’s driveway.
He hadn’t paid attention when they were sparring because he was in fighter mode. Now he wondered how he had actually lasted so long against all those muscles. Even so, he could tell that it wouldn’t take much to yank that towel away.
“Why the hell not?” Alfie snarled.
“What happened,” Cas snapped back. “I don’t like lying, even for siblings.”
He took another long drink from the almost empty bottle of Jack before setting it carefully on the floor by its empty twin. He picked up the phone and opened the call without trying to read the name. His eyes were so blurry that he knew he wouldn’t be able to make it out anyway.
“Why?” Dean stalled, still processing the question.
“Don’t you dare go there. You told me that you’d done it and nothing happened. How the hell was I supposed to know the stories were true? Or that she’d . . . she’d . . .”
There was a pause then Cas replied softly, “Gabe’s good. Getting ready for midterms, you know. Um, Dean, did I just hear a gun cock?”
“What the hell do you know about my dreams, bitch?” Dean dismissed then glanced at the other two present. “Instead of ragging on me more, how about reading the pranksters there the rite act?”
“Would it end her?” Kelly demanded softly. “Is this over?”
Cas moved to help Dean up but that wasn’t in Dean’s nature.
Dean smirked sardonically, “You got it.” He accepted the blanket then laid back down and was asleep soon after.
Cas cursed softly which made Dean ask as he looked around, “What’s wrong?”
“Got some Jack. Wanting to numb it up a bit?” Cas guessed.
“No,” Cas argued, batting his hands away. He leaned over to kiss him but Dean turned his reddened face away. Cas wasn’t sure if it was from embarrassment or anger. He didn’t really care, either. He knew what Dean needed and what they both wanted.
Dean swallowed hard again. He wasn’t sure if it was the night’s activities or what but, damn, did Cas always have that sexy of a voice? He cleared his throat then answered nervously with a slightly hoarse voice, “Uh, good. Really good. You’ve got an awesome bed in there but you didn’t . . .”
Dean pulled up slightly on Cas’s cock, unable to stop himself from playing with the new toy in his hand. It caused a weird feeling inside him because having a cock in his hand was familiar but he wasn’t hold him cock. This was Cas’s, which caused a whirlwind of conflicting feelings to collide within him.
“We’ll have to try that again when you’re not wounded,” Cas panted. “Right now, I really think it was a draw.”
“Whatever you say, pretty boy.” Then Cas smiled wide and offered with a grin, “Know what? I got an idea.” Cas winked at Dean, causing Dean to groan with dread.
“If you’re helping, you should probably hold the hand still and only one hand is the norm,” Dean instructed weakly.
“Mmmm. Definitely. Awesome,” Dean answered sluggishly. His relaxed state allowed his weariness to flow through him. He was so relaxed that his body felt like Jello.
Cas turned his head to look at Dean and asked blearily, “What? No, well, wait. What if it was with another guy?”
“I really need to shut up now. Not a chick. Not gay, either.” Cas scoffed in amusement at the ridiculous denial considering their current positions. That caused Dean to order tightly, “Shuddup.”
Dean interrupted firmly, “Don’t worry about it. Wanted to. Really.”
“Easy, Kelly,” Cas soothed in a soft voice that she’d recognized. It apparently worked because she stopped struggling and slowly opened her eyes. She peered vaguely at Cas then gave another weak cough. “Wha- what?” she stuttered hoarsely.
Dean smirked at the teasing then thought out loud with a shrug, “Don’t know. Never really been with a guy that way ‘cuz, you know, not gay, or even bi, I guess. But honestly it’d probably depend more on who the guy was, you know. I mean, who wants to be with Pee Wee Herman but young Sean Connery/James Dean type, you know, might happen.”
“Dean,” Cas cautioned uncertainly. Cas knew something big was happening here, something really big, and he was unsure whether he wanted it to or not. The alcohol in his system clouded things up in his mind but he knew, really knew, that he enjoyed making Dean feel good. Surprisingly, this, touching Dean, made both of them feel good.
Dean slowly worked Cas’s zipper down while he kissed him then kissed his way down Cas’s thick muscular neck. He sucked in Cas’s sweaty flesh here and there, causing the large man to arch up into him. He continued to explore the taste and feel of Cas’s chest, stopping briefly to tease Cas’s nipples. He sucked slightly on Cas’s abs while his hands slipped into Cas’s boxer’s waistband. He had Cas’s cock exposed to the open air by the time he reached the area and he’d reduced Cas to a large mass of lust and need.
“Evenin’, Cas. Thanks for bring him home. You have Alfie and Kelly, too?”
Dean frowned as he saw something glittering below. He focused on it and tried to figure out what it was but it disappeared then it was back. He instinctively knew it didn’t belong down here and it sure as hell shouldn’t be blinking. His hands slipped slightly, burning them a little. He glanced around again then braced himself. He closed his eyes and let go sliding down the well’s side with his hands and feet trying to slow his descent.
Dean shrugged, “’Cuz I like it. Always wanted to but you objected to it. Right now, though, it really fits.” Dean pulled up again and this time added a twist at the end, causing Casy to throw back his head and moan louder.
“Take that, you stupid old hag. PMS much?” he growled irritably. Kelly coughed and gagged then a force slammed into him, hurling him backward into the field a few feet away. His head bounced off of something hard, but Dean used his adrenalin to keep his eye on the dark mass swirling back into the house. “And stay out!” he ordered adamantly before muttering under his breath, “Why you couldn’t just stay dead like normal people is beyond me, you psychotic old hag.”
He held Cas down with one hand on his hips then he slowly licked and nipped down one side of the huge cock then up the other. He paused to taste Cas’s balls and suck them gently, rolling them around slightly in his mouth. Cas bucked impatiently so Dean moved back up to the main course.
Cas smirked and took the glass out of Dean’s hands, startling him slightly. “I’ll let you get your rest, Sleeping Beauty.”
“Drop off Kyle, then Kelly, and finally Alfie.”
Yeah, Cas and Alfie made him feel needed which did more for him than anything they could have come up with. The only problem was that he knew it was an illusion. They didn’t really need him. No one did. And, in the morning, they would realize it, too.
Cas called him before as he started to refill the grave. Dean answered his phone easily, “Hey, man. What’s up?”
“I was just trying to make you feel better about losing your money,” Dean lied easily, as always. “I get first dibs on the shower, though.”
Dean snapped the shotgun closed and grabbed Alfie’s arm then yanked him up and pushed him towards the stairs. “Go! Run!” Dean ordered in a yell as he rushed over to Kelly. He pulled her up with one hand but couldn’t manage totally without dropping his gun which he wouldn’t do.
“The nightmares,” Kelly finished softly. The first words she’d spoken send he’d seen her.
Dean chuckled in response before he advised, “Look, maybe we did found out some things like that but is it going to stop you from hunting some tail, especially when I’m out on the road working?”
“Only way to know that is to wait until tomorrow morning,” a voice stated from the doorway. They all turned to see Mr. McDonald and Cas standing in the open front doorway.
“Wanted to make sure you got out of that other thing. You know, the bar from Hell. It’s not like you called me after things went to hell in there and, you know, let me know if you made it out,” Cas scolded teasingly.
They spent the next few hours having a great time shooting pool and critiquing, or rather, insulting each other. Before long, a couple of girls started hanging around and talking with them. Dean relaxed into the chill atmosphere but it reminded him of when he first met Cas. He wondered curiously, “So did you ever make it up to Flo?”
“Shuddup, wiseass,” Cas snapped.
Dean flinched slightly but argued quickly, “No. No, it’s not . .  . well, it’s not
Dean sighed wearily, knowing that meant he had to search the entire house as well as the field around the house. He asked some more questions about the story but knew what he had to do already. Soon, he changed the subject. “So, what time do you need to be at work in the morning?”
Cas gave a half smile and cautioned hesitantly, “I appreciate it, Dean, really, but you honestly look dead on your feet. Besides, I think I know where he is. Let me get you home then I’ll go.” Cas climbed into his truck and backed up then waited for Dean to get his car behind him.
Dean smirked and slapped Cas on the shoulder again with unspoken appreciation for going along with him. Dean then commanded briskly, “You guys check the outside. I’ll double check the inside, just in case they circled back. Everyone have a flashlight?” They both nodded. “Good. Stay together and remember they are probably further from the house than you think so that no one would spot them. Cas, you have my phone number if you need it.”
“Yeah, I get it. Same here,” Cas cut him off and agreed. Cas smiled in relief then wondered, “So want to get something at the bar? We’re supposed to meet Dad and the others at Ol’ Lady H’s place in a little over an hour.”
“No,” Dean answered softly.
in the cellar when I found you so ask him,” Dean teased.
“Can it, Prince Charming. And we all know what a fag he was,” Dean snarked sleepily.
Dean winked conspiratorially then exited the car carefully, holding on to the car door for a moment as the world spun slightly, before he walked over to Cas’s truck. Cas stepped out and opened his back door to let Dean into the backseat of his supercab. Dean heard the house door open behind him and winced again then grinned for Cas. He was so used to hiding his ailments.
“Probably more like
Cas let Dean’s cock go with a loud pop which caused a pleasure filled shudder to travel the length of Dean’s body. Dean groaned over the loss then felt Cas lick up one side of his shaft and down the other. Cas’s mouth moved to his balls to play there briefly before heading back up. The whole time Cas’s hand stroked and pumped him.
One of the ladies insisted for the group. “Oh, don’t worry, Dean. We will definitely be fair but we might have to, you know, try more than one kiss. If it’s a close call, that is.” She eyed them both up and down before she fanned herself lightly. “I have a feeling that it’s definitely going to be close.” Several ladies loudly supported that opinion.
“Nah. I’m good here,” Dean answered quickly, not really wanting to move at all. He wanted to change the subject before Cas could ask him anything else.
It had started out innocently enough. Cas wondered with a slight slur to his voice, “So, want to go over to Mel’s to see what’s happening? You know, who’s there and stuff?” Dean arched an eyebrow in confusion. Cas sighed and summarized, “Look, you’ve been here a couple of days and I know you haven’t, you know, got any, Barbara notwithstanding.”
He missed his family so much. He missed their deep, warm caring voices. He missed the pranks. He missed the harsh orders that had replaced affectionate concern but he still sensed deep down, or had deluded himself into believing it. Hell, he even missed Sammy’s constant petting and hugs. That boy could never keep his hands to himself but now Dean would give anything to feel them again. He knew he was going through withdrawal. Too bad he didn’t know what to do about it.
turn down a threesome,” Dean taunted with disbelieving eyes. “If you do, I might have to actually kick your ass next time.”
“Shuddup, Dean,” Cas ordered before continuing. “If he starts nodding off or sounding disoriented, like slurring words, you yell out and get ready to grab the wheel.”
In spite of all that, Dean knew deep down that he’d probably be making more stops to this small town in the future. The only time he’d had this much fun in the past year had one thing in common. Cas. As uncomfortable as this acknowledgement made him, the pleasure and contentment he felt won out.
“Really, Cas,” Dean exclaimed with insulted disbelief. “Thought you trusted me, man.”
Dean let out a relieved breath before he nodded slightly and Cas knew that he’d made the right call, even though deep down, he wondered how he was going to keep his word. Just the thought of Dean stripping to get into the shower had his body swelling with interest. But Cas damn well wasn’t going to lose his friend over this.
Dean shrugged slightly. “Just a thought. Since someone tried to do something about it. Never knew who might get lucky. Know what I mean?” He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
He reached into his inside jacket pocket and told Cas, “Lift her head up.” He pulled out a silver flask and gently tilted it to her slack lips. He poured the clear liquid into her mouth, causing her to choke and gasp then she started struggling.
“Casy,” Dean warned softly. “It’s okay. They’re just curious. It’s normal.”
“God, definitely not.”
Dean’s mind took him back to that place and he felt his blood flow the wrong way for the present company. He stalled by licking his lips again but noticed this time that Cas’s eyes followed his tongue’s movement. He shifted slightly before he countered softly, “Would you?”
Dean startled slightly then fixed Cas with a glare. “Dude, . . .”
“Yeah? Well, as you repeatedly tell me, you don’t know crap about my dreams, pretty boy, so suck it, pussy,” Cas taunted as he shut his bedroom door with his foot, leaving a very stunned Dean with a very vivid image.
He slowly sat up and waited until the room stopped spinning. When he was sure that he wouldn’t hurl right away, he gradually stood, using the bed post as support. He frowned and glanced down, wondering where the hell his clothes were, but his stomach protested.
“Are you kidding me?” Cas snapped.
Dean smirked again, “Yeah. Deal. Besides I still need to get my two hundred back.”
Cas laughed richly, “Yeah, suppose I did.”
“Or abstain,” Dean suggested. Then they looked at each other for a long moment and grinned before replying together, “Nah.” They laughed for a while.
“Don’t suppose you happen to know how this place burned to the ground?” The sheriff wondered casually. Dean only stared at him with his game face on but the sheriff continued like he knew Dean wouldn’t talk. “See, I’d be real interested to find out how. Halfway even thought of offering a reward for their name.”
Dean sighed and leaned his head over to trap the phone between his head and shoulder. “Cas,” he repeated dully, attempting to get his mind working as he searched it for an answer as to who this person actually was. Then it came to him. Cas was a non-friend who called Dean to check up on him occasionally.
. You know, if you’re
Cas sighed while Alfie cautioned quietly, “I still think he needs a doctor. You didn’t hear that head hit and his ribs definitely took a hit.” Alfie glanced back at Dean quickly before he returned his gaze to his brother.
He stared dully at the blood that welled up after the knife sliced through a thin layer of skin on his wrist. What amazed him most was the fact that he didn’t feel a thing. If it wasn’t for the blood, he wouldn’t have known that his skin had actually been cut. The second cut didn’t hurt, either.
Cas quickly leaned over and kissed Dean again while he placed the wet rag on Dean’s abs. Dean moaned into the kiss but jumped slightly at the touch of the cold rag. Cas pulled away with a shuddering breath. He ran his empty hand through his hair and warned, “Dude, stop getting more . . . sexy or we won’t get any sleep tonight. Damn, De, do you have any idea how hot that was?”
“Uh,” Cas cleared his throat as he scrambled through his mind. “Alfie and some of the boys wanted to try a practice game of,” he paused for an instance before he swallowed hard then forced out, “touch, football, that is. We could definitely use you if you’re available. Help prepare us for the big game.”
Dean automatically slapped Cas’s hands away while he growled, “Back off. I got it.” Dean gained his feet slowly but was barreled over before he was even halfway vertical. He felt a girl’s hands squeeze his throat and he knew in that instant that the damn ghost had taken possession of Kelly. Why couldn’t he ever get a simple hunt?
Dean finished with his shower, dried off then wrapped a towel around him. He headed out of the bathroom and ran into Cas coming into the bedroom. Cas followed him out and told him, “I ordered pizza. It should be here soon. There’s money on the shelf by the door.”
The vague thought that things were way out of hand tried to penetrate his brain, but the numbness barricaded too much for access. Memory of the ghost’s hands touching his brain filled his mind then he remembered being overcome with an extreme depression and some very ‘bad-touching’ feeling. But the ghost was dead now, like really dead, so why did he still feel like this?
“Well, there’s always the other alternative but it’s not nearly as much fun. Usually,” Dean commented wryly.
Cas moved up Dean’s body, allowing their flesh to rub against each other, then captured Dean’s lips in a gentle, probing kiss. Like Dean had earlier, Cas made Dean taste himself in Cas’s mouth. Dean moaned softly, not sure what he wanted more right now. Sleep or Cas again, because that had been beyond amazing to him. He figured the emotions involved probably made the sex more intense because, with Cas, Dean had truly felt loved, really loved by someone for a change and he hadn’t had to pretend at all. That made it all the better.
Dean quirked a crooked grin. “Of course, I want a burger. Then after the house, we need to run some plays. Then tonight we can go to Mel’s see who picks up the most chicks. By the way, where are my boots?”
Cas frowned at the slip but Dean stalled him. “I’ll drive his car. You lead, Cassie.”
“Good question,” Dean retorted irritably. “Thought you knew me better than that, bitch.” Then Dean grinned widely at him and headed to the garage and his baby.
“I never said I’d swallow, dickhead,” Dean snapped lightly. “You could have given me some warning.”
“What you do has no effect on my sleep, you dick,” Dean snarked.
“Nah, I protected it. Probably got a couple of new ones but no big. Felt good to do that. Haven’t done that since Sam . . .,” Dean started out happily then trailed off with a note of sorrow.
Cas countered easily, “What makes you think I tell you everything? He’s a good friend. I called him in for the game Saturday, not that it’s any of your business.”
“If you say so, I’m not taking any bets,” Dean replied with a shrug, laying his head back more with his own legs open wide. Their knees touch but neither one care or move away from the contact. “So, this new chick, what did you say her name was? Anyway, she dumped your ass why again?”
“Fine, Cas. Just resting. Don’t mind me. Feel free to lay into the teeny boppers at will,” Dean snarked softly.
“Damn it, Dean, you damn well better answer me or I swear I’ll kick your ass into next month,” Cas yelled angrily.
“Oh, shit,” Dean exclaimed with surprised pleasure and immediately thrusted his hips up to meet that awesome mouth, not caring what changed Cas’s mind. His hands weaved through Cas’s soft hair, caressing his head. Cas moved his head up to pull off but Dean gripped his head and threatened violently, “If you stop again, so help me, Casy, I will kick your ass hard!”
Dean quickly interjected firmly, “None of it was real. You guys were just drunk and telling ghost stories. Your imaginations got out of hand.”
Dean smirked and gave them a gentle squeeze with each arm. “Not tonight. Maybe later. I’ll follow. Lead on, Flasher.” He really wasn’t in the mood tonight. Honestly, he couldn’t remember the last time he got his normal rush from this type of contact.
They called it an early night and headed home but Dean made Cas swing by and pick up Alfie. Alfie got the bed while Cas and Dean took turns keeping the nightmares away. Dean managed to make Cas take the couch and rest for a little while which made Cas fall asleep. Dean left him there and took over the nightmare watch, knowing Cas had to work while Dean could sleep after Alfie went to school.
He felt a haunting need deep within him. Cas had become a good friend over the past couple of months and Dean really liked him,
With that, he spun on his heel and headed for the front door, only looking back a couple of times to make sure they were doing what he told them to. He saw them reluctantly head out in the direction he’d indicated and breathed a sigh of relief as he entered the ramshackle house. He paused inside the doorway and grabbed his sawed off from his bag before retrieving his flashlight.
Dean nodded slightly while he sat down gingerly on the couch. “Already took some extra Tylenol but it needs help.”
He found Cas in the living room, relaxing on the couch with a cup of coffee in one hand and the other arm slung over the back of the couch. Cas’s head was laid back and his eyes were closed. The scene before him brought back flashes of last night and Dean barely swallowed the ‘
Cas suddenly felt himself slammed against the nearest wall while Dean latched onto his lips, sucking and biting. When Dean could force himself to break away for a second, he hissed hotly, “Damn, Casy, that should be against the law. Damn, you so freakin’ hot, sexy.” Dean thrust his hips against Cas’s whose were plastered against the wall. Their cocks rubbed against each other, forcing a groan out of both of them.
“So we won’t know if she’s really gone until tomorrow,” Kelly squeaked with despair.
“Damn it, Dad. What the hell is with all the freaking text messages? I’ve been calling you. Why can’t you actually call me back? You know, talk to me. I’d rather hear that you’re okay and not read it in a freakin’ text.” He sighed heavily and ran a hand over his face then through his hair.
He tried to dodge out of the way but she grabbed him and tossed him into the corner beside Alfie. Of course, his head made contact with the wall as usual. He cursed while he cleared his head and struggled to right himself. He’d dropped the flashlight but it gave off enough light to allow him to see the kids. He’d kept the most important thing, his gun.
Dean frowned slightly then suggested, “I know it’s the middle of the week but you could always try a sleepover or something. Might help you pass the night.”
But there was no denying it. Seeing Dean so submissively compliant laid out in front of him had several disturbing, if pleasurable, ideas bursting forth in his mind. Cas felt his blood move to the totally wrong part of his body, considering he was gay or bi either.
Cas sighed and ran a hand through his hair then ordered, “Drink the water. I’ll get you home as quick as I can.” Dean nodded slightly then leaned back to rest his head and closed his eyes. Cas climbed into the truck then drove them home.
“She screamed,” Cas concluded wisely.
Dean interrupted quickly because he knew where Lyle was going with this. “Alfie rushed into the house to rescue Kelly when she screamed, according to Kyle. The old lady was already fixed in her past so she saw him as her husband, choosing Kelly once again.”
Dean lowered his shirt and answered absently as he grabbed up his jacket and dusted it off which was ridiculous considering how muddy and filthy it was. “There were five but a couple of them were small.” He shook his head over the state of his jacket and pulled it back on. Then he reached into his right side pocket and held out for the sheriff. “Found this stuff at the bottom while I was down there. Figured you might be able to figure out where it all goes.”
Graphic Sexual Content Below - Be warned! (probably poorly written so sorry in advance)
Dean arched an eyebrow as he argued, “Except for that one over by the oak tree near the treeline.” Dean pointed it out and Cas drove right up to it.
Dean sighed shakily and looked into those deep golden eyes. They appeared to be made out of molten gold, burning hot, burning through him. He flushed with heat under Cas’s intense stare. He subconsciously wet his lips.
A scary inner voice asked softly.
“We’re hurrying,” Cas promised.
Light stabbed through his eyes, piercing his brain and causing his head to feel like exploding was actually a very good idea. Okay, so he was somewhere safe because he never got this drunk on the road. It didn’t feel like Bobby’s so it must be Cas’s.
He just wanted to relax and hang out with his friend. With that in mind, he’d already stocked up on beer and Jack but he really hoped that they wouldn’t do too much of that. He’d never met anyone who drank like Dean. He knew it wasn’t healthy but had a hard time criticizing Dean for it with all that he was coming to find out about his friend’s life.
Cas motioned him in before demanding, “Didn’t anyone teach you kids how to close a damn door. What were you? Born in a barn?” The kids glanced away with shamed faces.
Cas nodded in agreement. “Yeah. Makes sense. What about something like that first night we met, when Flo was thinking about it? You know, with the two of us and her, remember? Would you have?” Cas’s voice prodded huskily.
“Well, in that case, I’d have to pick who’s ever available for tonight,” she offered hopefully.
, he remembered. He had set his phone on vibrate during the hunt so that he wouldn’t be distracted.
“Hell, yeah,” Cas moaned and squirmed on the couch.
we tell our parents? What do we tell anyone?”
He slammed his phone closed and ran his hand through his hair before cursing under his breath. He moved to throw his phone but thought before of it then set it on the table beside him. He put his head in his hands with his shoulders slumped. He felt like such a freakin’ girl.
“You okay?” he slurred a little as he checked his . . . whatever. It’d been a month since he’d seen Cas last. Those good times seemed so, so distant to him now.
They quickly made it up the stairs then Alfie rushed for the door with barely conscious Kelly in tow. At the last minute, Alfie lost his grip as he stumbled through the door. Kelly fell face down on the floor right in front of the door before it slammed shut.
“On my lunch break.”
“Right, and you’re an evasive nutcase,” Cas drawled out to which Dean only shrugged slightly. “So what was
“No, baby,” Dean panted hoarsely after a few minutes. “Slow down. God, slow down, Casy. I’m gonna . . . shit . . . Oh, God, baby!” Dean exclaimed seconds before his body erupted, spewing long white ribbons of cum all over their torsos. His body fell back weakly with a violent pleasured shudder while he tried to get his breathing back to normal. “Holy crap,” he muttered under his breath.
“Which makes it eleven mine,” Dean figured out softly. “Why? What’s going on this weekend?”
“Then what?” Cas prodded with deceptive calmness.
“What do you mean, Dad?” Kyle prodded. “And what are you doing here anyway?”
“Look, before we have a knock down drag out fight, we need to check you for snake bites. Did you bring one up with you?” Lyle reasoned calmly.
“What? You still have two hundred of mine. That two hundred I won back was part of my four hundred that you took me for so far,” Cas argued.
Cas reached over and gripped Alfie’s shoulder tightly. He felt Alfie shudder slightly again. Then he counseled, “You’re okay, Alfie. You made it out and so did she.”
Dean shook his head as he took another gulp of his beer. “Nah. I’m good. Feels good to just sit back and relax a while. Don’t get to do this much anymore. Can get bar chicks anywhere, anytime, really. But this . .  .,” Dean trailed off, not really able to say more without opening some buried wounds.
Alfie narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. “That’s why you were delayed. He was sick or something, right?” Cas nodded to which Alfie scoffed. “How could you lose four hundred dollars at pool? You’re better than that and you being rusty is just bullshit.”
Depression clouded his thoughts again as he acknowledged that the ghost’s depression was gone. What he felt now was all the stuff he’d been stuffing way down inside that little box in the farthest reaches of his mind. The ghost had brought it all to the surface and made him feel it even more intensely. Like the fact that he was totally alone in this, which was something that he knew all too well. He’d been mostly alone for the past two months, since Cassie, since the college job, since his dad had up and left him yet again, and again. Only this time, no note was left behind.
She smiled at him again then nodded while Alfie moved to get more water from the case Cas kept in the back for football practices, paintball and other outdoor activities. He gave one to Kelly before drinking one himself. Dean smiled slightly with satisfaction then looked up front. He caught Cas’s eyes in the rearview mirror and smirked at him before leaning back and then stretched out more to find a more comfortable position. Finally, he closed his eyes wearily.
Cas gave a half smile before turning serious. “Thought you might want to know. Ol’ Lady Hutchinson’s house didn’t come back this time. It’s still a burnt out ruin. Dad and some of his friends are planning to head out there tomorrow to make sure there’s nothing hazardous out there.”
, he amended mentally. After that, she willingly drank from the flask with only a few starting, weak coughs.
“Whatever, Mom. See ya in a couple,” Dean signed off easily.
“Because I can tell that you’re drunk off your ass, man, and I don’t want you killing yourself in a wreck. Think of your baby,” Cas growled.
Cas shook himself and adlibbed quickly, “Just check to make sure that bruise didn’t get any bigger from sparring.”
Dean shook his head in confusion then glanced at Cas who was smiling. Dean couldn’t understand what had just happened. Cas’s father acted like he actually liked Dean and wanted him around. But then Lyle didn’t know what Dean had done to Cas last night.
Cas gave a drunken smirk. “You the one who just gave my
Cas instructed in his military tone, “Alfie, my truck. I’ll take you both home. Kyle, you’re going to lead in your car. Are you okay to drive?”
“And I’m Amber’s father,” another one prodded from the other side of Cas.
Cas lowered himself to his knees beside the couch while Dean closed his eyes. Cas saw that Dean wasn’t looking. He asked, “Head still hurting?”
“Time for Sudden Death Overtime,” Dean warned as he grabbed Cas’s face between his hands and pulled Cas up for another passionate kiss while he flipped Cas on his back against the arm of the couch. He quickly gained dominance over the surprised man. He nipped, bit and teased Cas’s lips as his hands leisurely caressed down Cas’s wide, muscular chest and abs to the top of Cas’s pants. He sucked in Cas’s groan before he leaned back slightly, just far enough to see into Cas’s eyes.
“In your dreams, bitch,” Dean taunted.
Dean smirked slightly, enjoying making this huge guy squirm under him, “Don’t know. How does it feel?”
He sucked his fingers in with a slight moan, definitely tasting Cas then what he assumed was him. He heard a sudden intake of breath and looked up to see Cas standing by the bed, staring at him. He licked his fingers clean before he pulled them out of his mouth then prodded, “What?”
Dean slapped Cas on the back and crowed, “See. I told you, man.”
“Bring it on, pussy,” Cas countered cockily then asked seriously, “How soon?”
Cas grabbed his hand and pulled him up. Cas waited until he was steady on his feet before he exploded, “What the hell were you thinking, damn it?”
Dean sighed heavily. He really hated pity parties so he redirected his thoughts. First things first, he needed aspirin, water and a shower. Preferably in that order. Of course, that meant he had to open his eyes and greet this obnoxiously bright day.
Cas sighed heavily before he generously allowed, “I’m going to write this off to your concussion. Might do well to appreciate that fact and watch what you say from here on out.”
Cas shut Dean’s door then climbed in, scoffing, “Yeah, right. In your dreams, pussy.”
Dean forced himself to ignore it while he smirked and countered tauntingly, “Or I can kick your ass, bitch.”
Cas drank in Dean’s wonderful sweet taste, swearing it was the best thing he’d ever sampled. He dominated Dean’s mouth, only vaguely surprised when Dean gave up control so easily. That left Cas craving more. Dean was his to do whatever he wanted to. He sensed that in Dean’s quick submission and need. He moaned forcefully into Dean’s mouth at the passion and images that thought suddenly ignited within him, unable to believe how intense his desire became.
Dean instinctively charged and threw his body at Cas’s waist, hurling him back to solid ground, as the boards crashed in. Cas felt the breath forced out of him by the body tackle and laid staring up into the blinding sun as more loud cracking sounded in his head. He heard a familiar curse but couldn’t get his breathe back to respond in any way. He felt something pull on his legs and his body start to slide down then abruptly stop as his legs were quickly released.
Dean addressed them honestly, “I’m not sure what you want me to tell you. I thought you all knew the old lady’s story.”
Cas set the bottle down on the rectangular coffee table in front of them while he ordered abruptly, “Take off your shirt.”
They entered Mel’s and found a table in the back. Cas pulled out his cell and told his dad that they would help the others with checking the grounds. He signed off, “Yeah, I’ll take care of the Monte Carlo tomorrow. See you then.”
“Wiseass,” Cas hissed without heat as they both climbed into his truck after he locked up the house and garage.
“So not fair,” Dean complained breathlessly, unable to do that much while Cas licked up and down his cock again.
“Put the phone between you and Kyle, pussy. Kyle, listen up. Your job on the way back is to keep him awake. If he starts nodding off. . .”
He glanced around and wondered briefly what he was doing in Cas’s bed which he now recognized. He had wondered what the bed actually felt like and now he wished he didn’t know. It was a very nice, soft, wonderful bed, like being on a cloud. Sleeping on the couch after this would be difficult. Oh, well, he’d get over it, like he did most things.
“That’s the point now, ain’t it? It wasn’t
By then, he’d entered the bedroom and saw the huge king size bed. He couldn’t stop teasing in his blissed out mood. “Are you sure there’s enough room there, Hulkster?” His eyes passed between Cas’s large form and the bed.
Alfie smirked, “Nice try. Now, relax back down and quit hurting yourself. You know you’re insane, don’t you?”
After that first round, both men decided to take one at a time so that they could watch each other for obvious signs of cheating. The contest rules were for kissing only, although they could have an arm around the lady for hugging purposes. No other forms of contact were allowed since this was a kissing contest and they were turning the women on enough as it was.
The porch light immediately turned on, signaling an impatient parent waiting. Dean flinched when he turned to Kyle and handed him his keys. Dean turned off and pocketed his phone then offered sympathetically, “Sucks to be you tonight but, hey, at least you’re alive, right?”
“That’s Sammy. I’ve always been more old school,” Dean dismissed while he moved toward the stereo. “Might bring some tapes in from the car.”
!” the house shrieked in an eerie hiss as it shook then settled.
Drinking and loneliness just don't mix. Or do they? Because Dean's not gay. Right?
“Eat me, bitch,” Dean countered but with less vigor than he had.
“Well, we aren’t watching and we aren’t gay, right?” Dean asked. “I mean, ever been with a guy?”
“Let you drive my truck, looking like that? Yeah, right, what are you drinking?” Cas snarked lightly. “In fact, you have to ride in the back, Pig Pen. I’ll drop you off so that you can rest your ribs after you shower. We still have a game to win tomorrow, remember? And some of the guys want to practice tonight so move your ass, pretty boy.”
“Oh, really? Well, if it helps you sleep better at night, pussy,” Cas shrugged tauntingly.
“Yeah,” Kyle answered quickly, glancing back at Cas. “The adrenaline rush definitely sobered me up.”
Dean nodded then answered uncertainly, “Don’t know. Guess because you . . . took care of me, helped me  . . . and . . . you let me crash here and stuff. You’re my friend and . . . really like you . . . a lot. You’re not ugly . . definitely not Pee Wee. Would have done it . . . you know, the threesome ‘cuz you are kinda hot, I guess, you know, for girls.”
Dean frowned in confusion so Cas added in the explanation, “You know, something that a child could get trapped in or hurt themselves on.”
Dean moved forward with his hand extended and greeted politely, “Nice to meet you, sir.” They shook hands briefly.
Dean let her empty the flask before he suggested lightly, “Well, everyone ready to call it a night yet?”
Cas grimaced, “Only got a hundred back. Still got a hundred to go. So you want to follow me back then you can come back up here if you want. I’m sure Brooke and Marcy will wait for you.” Cas flashed a smile at the ladies hanging on Dean.
Dean’s eyes widened as Cas spoke and felt his body respond in kind. Finally, he smirked jokingly, “Yeah, well, that’s ‘cuz I’m a sex god.”
Dean frantically tried to push Cas up and off of him, warning hoarsely, “Casy, I’m gonna . . . gonna. . . oh, God . . . oh, shit.” He exclaimed in pleasure as Cas ignored him and kept sucking Dean’s cock back down into its new favorite spot; Cas’s warm, sweet mouth. Cas moaned in pleasure at having his new addiction back where he wanted it then Cas groaned as he flicked his tongue over the slit at the top of Dean’s cockhead.
“Aren’t you an alpha type, Dean?” Cas taunted.
“Oh, shut up already. It’s not like it’s anything to look at anyway. What the hell is wrong with you? ‘Letting go.’ It’s the new fad. Look it up already. Stupid. Freakin’. Spook,” he rasped out until he was out of breath then he shook his head, noticing darker spots in his vision.
“Yeah, and how do we find out the truth?”
“Why?” Cas demanded softly.
Cas saw a flash of guilt in Dean’s eyes before he turned away and swiftly moved toward the truck. Cas frowned with concern as he wondered what Dean felt guilty about anyway. He recounted what had just happened with Lyle and was able to surmise two possibilities. Either Dean thought he had taken some of Lyle’s attention away from Cas which Cas didn’t really buy. Or, and this was much more likely, Dean felt guilty about what they had done to each other last night. Cas sighed heavily, not sure what to do to make his friend feel better if that was the case.
Cas flushed slightly then turned to the TV and cursed again. Dean checked out the TV and smiled wide, noticing that a certain type of movie had come on. Glancing back at Cas as he felt him move forward toward the remote control, Dean put a hand on Cas’s outstretched arm to stop him then flashed a glance at Cas’s groin area. Dean was way too blitzed to be subtle. Cas looked over at him when Dean put a hand on him and then fell back when Dean shoved him in the chest with his hand. Both of them started slightly at the electric skin-to-skin contact.
He slid up to the bar and asked, “Hey, is Cas here?”
Dean exhaled heavily, “Yeah, okay, sure. Nothing going on at the moment. I’ll head over but if Dad calls . . .”
“Christ, De,” Cas groaned while his body thrusted up into Dean’s hand and his eyes rolled back.
Cas frowned as he grabbed Dean’s left arm and turned it slightly. His other fingers trailed over the cuts that Dean had forgotten about. Dean immediately jerked back but Cas held firm and stared meaningfully at him for a moment.
Cas motioned him in before focusing on the person on the porch. Dean paused slightly behind Cas then turned to face the newcomer. Cas’s huge body only partially hid him from sight where he stopped. Cas held up a hand and waved before he greeted, “Mr. McDonald. Evenin’.”
He just hadn’t been touched enough lately. Not like this. Not by someone who really cared about him. He knew those bar chicks just weren’t the same anymore, especially after . . . her, and them.
Nothing's changed. Right?
Dean took it, rinsed his mouth then spat before drinking it. He sighed and laid back
They pulled into Cas’s parents’ place and Cas got out to walk Alfie to the front door. After Cas got out, he turned and told Dean, “You can move to the front while we’re in there. I won’t be long. You okay?”
“He’s good,” McDonald answered for him. “He didn’t go inside. The other two did. Makes a difference.”
“True,” Cas popped off. “By me. More than once.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted briefly.
Cas had a smile on his face. He stood about six foot and was around two hundred pounds of solid muscle. He had dark brunette bed hair that was perpetually windblown with deep blue eyes and a killer tan. He looked even better in daylight.
“The girl, Kelly, probably should drink at least two. I imagine she’s pretty thirsty right now. There really wasn’t that much water in my flask,” Dean advised. He heard some movement then talking in the background as Cas told Alfie where the water was.
“No worries. Just hanging out with you as usual,” Dean joked, moving his foot to a new place that halfway supported him. At least it did until his foot slipped and yanked again on his bruised ribs. Dean hissed in pain.
He first quickly grabbed up his sawed off while the house was quiet. Then he started search it. It took him over hour to find the body using his Walkman turned EMF and then quite a few hours to dig her up, especially with the pain in his ribs. He popped more pills during the process. She only showed up once before he was able to torch her and luckily, he blasted her away before she left. He did, however, promise her that he’d make sure that no one else would ever be in her house again.
Of course, Dean didn’t either so why was he, Dean, thinking of such things? Why had the thoughts been sneaking up on him more frequently with each one more vivid than the last? He shrugged off those thoughts because he was beyond relaxed right now which was nice since he’d spent the last few weeks alone on the road and he’d never done alone well. Plus, it was only increasing blood flow to a part of his body that should remain unengaged tonight.
Cas focused on the bare torso in front of him. After a brief admiring look at the nicely built torso, he focused on the darkening bruise that stretched to take up most of Dean’s left side. He carefully prodded the ribs as he’d been taught.
He wanted to be with someone he actually knew. Someone he connected with. Someone it was easier he could really believe cared. He felt that here.
Cas laughed heartily while Dean just shook his head with a huge smile on his face. Cas reiterated, “Not tonight.”
With that, Cas slowly rolled off Dean and ordered, “Stay there. I’ll get a rag.”
Cas rolled his eyes and started out of the bar. Dean grabbed his jacket and pulled it on as he followed. Cas’s phone rang before they cleared the door, but he didn’t answer it until they were outside. “Yeah,” Cas snapped out in answer. He frowned then sighed heavily, “What do you want me to do? I don’t know where he is.” He listened for a moment then relented, “Yeah, okay. I’ll get back to you.” Dean looked at him in question as they approached Cas’s truck.
“Really? Why?”
“Just need . . . someone, someone to . . . touch, to . . . toloveme, I mean, loveonme. No, just touch,” Dean stumbled slightly then rushed out quietly before he backtracked, hoping that he hadn’t given away too much. Appeared too weak, pathetic. Finally, he turned his head away in embarrassment.
“No, . . . I mean, yeah, she, well, maybe she dumped me,” Dean started hesitantly because the alcohol had loosened his tongue way too much. Or maybe it was just Cas. Or maybe Dean really needed someone to talk to. His family wasn’t around anymore. He didn’t have any friends and he’d never been one to cry on a stranger’s shoulder.
Cas wiggled an eyebrow at Dean who smirked back. “It’s really simple. A certain lady of our past acquaintance ruled that I was the better kisser. Pretty boy here seems to think that she had different motive. So the rules are simple. We both get to kiss you ladies and you tell us who’s better.”
Cas rolled his eyes while he quipped back, “Yeah. Right, pretty boy. I’ll suffer through it. For you, weirdo.”
“What are you talking about?” Cas demanded in a slightly slurred voice, liking that soft caress way more than he ever should have.
“Cut the ‘gay’ crap, Dean. I’m going to look at your ribs and check them myself or we are going to the ER. Your choice, pretty boy?”
Cas chuckled, “I warned you, dude, but maybe that’s more reason to go.”
“Rope’s almost here,” Cas called down.
Cas slowly pumped Dean’s cock again, checking out the size. “You’re almost as long as me, De. I’m just thicker, more width.”
Cas scoffed with mild amusement, “Sleep as long as you want. Just wanted to let you know, breakfast is in the kitchen and help yourself to any food you find. Let me know if you want me to pick up something special at the store later. Now, go back to sleep, Dean. I’ll check on you at lunchtime.” Dean mumbled into his pillow as he buried his head in deeper. Cas chuckled softly as he left the house.
“You are definitely the best kisser, Casy,” Dean admitted happily. “Love your kisses, baby. God, they’re so hot.”
“Dad?” he answered thickly, unable to keep a slight bit of hope in his voice.
“We’re adults. You’re not and we’re almost home so watch your damn language,” Cas snapped authoritatively. He glanced back and saw Dean’s lips twitch in amusement which made him feel better. Cas secretly wondered if Dean might really need a hospital.
Dean quickly interrupted him, “Casy, don’t, okay? We were both blitz, wasted. Stuff happens. Right? Doesn’t have to mean anything. Nothing’s changed. Right?”
Cas answered easily, “Just wanted to a look and help out if you needed it.” Then Cas turned to the other man and introduced, “Dad, this is Dean. Dean, my dad, Lyle Cummings.”
“It was a prank,” Dean interrupted laughingly again. “They so got you guys so good. And it doesn’t matter if you looked. They were probably getting busy. His brother’s here now. Cas will find him because Cas probably taught him how to do this. Am I right? Right?” Dean encouraged with huge clues to catch on. Cas frowned slightly but slowly nodded his head in the end.
Cas frowned in concern as he demanded, “What about you, Al?” Alfie didn’t answer but the fact that he couldn’t look his brother in the eye anymore said enough. Cas sighed then checked, “Kyle?”
After Cas cleaned up, they went to Mel’s and had another round of pool which led to Cas being more behind in the win column. Both of them ignored the talk about Ol’ Lady Hutchinson’s house and evaded any questions directed at them. They progressed to quite a few rounds of darts and vivid accounts of past escapades. A few ladies form last night had other ideas and started up another kissing contest, for which Dean was initially thankful. However, by the end, there was still no clear victor and Dean was less than satisfied.
Dean mentally mapped the way to the area haunted house because he knew that he’d have to come back and finish this later. Tomorrow, while Cas was at work, would probably be the best time. It wasn’t a difficult drive as there weren’t too many turns in the trip, which was really good since there were no road signs on the way. During the drive, he had Cas tell him the history surrounding Ol’ Lady Hutchinson.
Cas sighed, “Look, Dean, you have nothing to feel guilty about.” Dean flinched and jerked slightly at the direct hit but Cas continued softly, “I wanted you just as much last night but I can tell it upsets you so let’s just write it off to the alcohol. No one has to know and we don’t ever have to talk about it again. Deal?”
Dean’s last question had more uncertainty to it and, after last night, Cas could read better the fear and anxiety in Dean’s brilliant green eyes. Cas answered softly, “Yeah, stuff does happen, but how can nothing change after that, Dean?”
Cas grinned widely before he disagreed, “No, De, you are definitely the better kisser.”
“I meant share a few beers not whiskey bottles,” Cas snapped. “No way would that ever get me drunk. And, once again, you didn’t answer my question.”
kiss. Shit.”
Dean nodded and pulled the rag out of his left pocket. He handed it to Lyle and watched while the others leaned in to look. Lyle opened the rag and sighed, “Yep, it’s a nasty one. Okay, son, off with the jacket.”
Alfie grimaced but related, “We were drinking and partying, you know. Just like everyone does. Then Todd and his gang started harassing people to go inside. I just wanted to go and Kyle wanted to as well. I knew I was running late for curfew but then Kelly,” he paused with a sigh. “Kelly wants to be more popular. I keep telling her it isn’t worth it but she . . .  anyway, she loved the way everyone looked at her after she announced that she would do it. I tried to stop her, but she brushed me off and went on in. It seemed like such a long time from then to .  . .”
The men returned their focus on the game and ended up with a couple of ladies hanging on both their arms by the end of the evening. It was after eleven when Cas sunk the last ball of the game they were playing. He slid the pool stick onto the table and announced regretfully, “That’s it for me tonight. I have to work tomorrow.”
He knew it’d been a while since he’d actually had sex with anyone, or rather, a long while, by his standards anyway. But that shouldn’t have been causing this. He really wished he could figure it all out so he could stop it.
“Incoming,” Cas warned as he tossed the rope down to Dean.
There was a moment of silence before Alfie asked, “Is that right?”
“Yeah, you look like you need some. When’s the last time you did slept?”
They quickly ate lunch then headed out to Ol’ Lady Hutchinson’s place. Cas parked on the side of the road then they walked up the driveway past about three pickups. There were about seven men in their late fifties on up milling around.
“And they allow you to come back drunk?”
“Night, Cassie,” Dean mumbled, relaxing back into the couch.
Alfie rolled his eyes and countered, “You and your friend have been cussing all night.”
“Do you know for sure where Alfie is or is this just a hunch?” Dean inquired.
“Hang on, you damn nut. We’re getting a rope,” Cas stormed angrily.
Cas paused, staring at the lean lines of the mostly nude body in front of him. Yeah, he’d seen naked guys before. What guy hadn’t between public school showers and football? But, man, Dean was definitely built. There wasn’t an inch of fat on that hard body.
“Why not?”
Cas smiled and informed him, “I took the rest of the day off. Figured I could practice with you and maybe teach you some moves.” That last part seemed to have heavy innuendo with it and neither of them wanted to acknowledge it.
Dean nodded. “Always been a quick healer.”
“Probably,” Dean allowed vaguely and muttered distractedly. “That’s also the norm.” Dean finally figured out which hand to grab and did that. He managed to make it on the first try which caused a proud crooked smile.
Something cluttered to the ground while Dean arched and moaned under Cas’s sensual onslaught. Dean’s moans were louder and more erotic than the movie playing on the TV. Each one sent more blood to Casy’s swollen cock. His pants confined it too tightly and he felt the need to take them off. He moaned into Dean’s warm neck and breathed over a dampened sensitive spot, “Dean.”
Alfie flashed a look of gratitude then sighed wryly, “If only you weren’t hurt, I’d have made myself belief that.”
Yeah, it was a huge turn on, having so much raw strength quivering under him. Dean vaguely wondered yet again where the hell these thoughts were coming from but didn’t care as he sucked down Cas’s cock again. He drank down more of the liquid oozing from Cas’s leaking cock, loving the flavor. It tasted so . . . Cas.
“Love your hair, Casy,” Dean mumbled with a slur. “So soft. Feels so silky.”
“So, head on over and I’ll teach you some moves. We get some practicing in ahead of time unless you got something else going on,” Cas suggested.
His favorite knife clattered to the motel room floor without conscious thought and suddenly his favorite pearl handled pistol was in his hand. He studied it critically, wondering where it had come from and what he was going to do with it. He struggled with that thought while he caressed the gun lovingly.
“Trust me,” Cas cajoled lightly.
“I know
Ol’ Lady Hutchinson delivered this speech directly in front of Alfie which meant Dean would catch him with the blast if he fired now. Dean needed to create a clearer shot so he slowly circled around the room, moving beside the stairs so that they would stay open for escape. As he moved, he taunted aggressively, “Hey, you old bat, don’t you know you’re dead already? What the hell is your problem?”
Cas glared at his brother but was stopped from countering because of Dean’s shout of laughter. Dean only laughed for a few seconds before the pain from his ribs overcame him. He groaned while weakly trying to stop his laughter.
Dean frowned before he answered, “Don’t think so. Doesn’t really feel like it. Why? The poisonous?”
Dean felt Cas’s big hand reach up to his neck and cradle his head, turning Dean’s face toward him. Cas’s warm breath washed over his cheek as he repeated, “Need someone to what, Dean?”
“No,” Cas snapped softly then asked uncertainly, “You?”
A really good prank, right?
Dean sighed in relief and satisfaction that he always had after a job well done. “Rest in peace, you old bat. Give the old man hell if you’re headed that way.”
“Whatever, Drama King,” Dean responded wearily as he moved into a comfortable position on the couch.
He quickly forgot about his nakedness and hurried to the bedroom bathroom. He hurled into the toilet until he got all the poison out. He rinsed his mouth and flushed then checked the medicine cabinet. He took three aspirin and drank some more water out of the faucet before he climbed in the shower.
“Sure thing, Mr. McDonald,” Cas countered.
Cas leaned back and whispered over Dean’s lips, “I should have been first. I don’t know how to do this and after what you did,” Cas trailed with a delightful shudder.
Dean called up, “Need about another foot, Casy.”  While the men above rearranged, Dean grabbed one of the snakes and put it in a rag then in his left jacket pocket. He glanced back up and saw that the noose was a little lower but he’d still have to work to get into it. He quickly piled up some old bricks and put his flashlight away. He climbed up the bricks with a hand on the wall steadying him. He reached through the noose and grabbed up as high as he could with one hand then used the other to get his upper body inside the noose.
“Oh, God,” Dean snarked tauntingly. “You are a girl. You want to cuddle, don’t you?”
“Wha-? What?” Dean stammered breathlessly, totally caught up in the web of pleasure Cas wove over him.
Lyle frowned slightly and wondered, “Care to tell me what exactly happened to my boy?”
Dean swallowed slowly as he stared down the determined father. He didn’t know what to say here. It had been drilled into him from an early age to never talk about what they did. He knew the various reasons why that rule was in effect but he also knew sometimes there was no avoiding it. So, basically, he tried to figure out which situation this was.
Before Cas could respond, he felt Dean slide down his body and Dean’s mouth captured his cock. The pleasure that had filled Cas at Dean’s endearment of ‘baby’ was nothing compared to having his cock swallowed up without a warning. Cas slammed his head lightly against the wall to keep from coming immediately down Dean’s throat.
Dean’s silky tongue stroked Cas’s entire length, swirled around his crown, thrusted into the top slit before circling around to the beginning repeatedly. Cas had a hard time keeping his eyes from rolling into the back of his head, and possibly out of it, then he felt his entire length swallowed down Dean’s throat. He knew this was something that he had to watch happening.
“Who? Me?” Dean answered with a cocky grin. Then he realized they were almost to the vehicles. He told Cas, “Get them loaded up. I have to grab my stuff.” He turned and, as swiftly as his injuries would allow, he gathered up his stuff. He only paused a moment to down some Tylenol and wash it down with a large gulp from his special flask. He met Kyle at his car.
Dean rolled his eyes and argued firmly, “Dude, don’t you listen? I don’t cuddle.”
Cas wasn’t sure that he really believed Dean but let it go before he turned to Alfie, “Look, Alf, I’m not sure what to tell you. You want to fill me in on what happened before I got there?”
Instead, he landed on a small boulder buried in the yard with a pained groan. He heard the crunch and was sure he’d gotten some rib damage this time. His breath left him and he unconsciously released his grip on Kelly.
Cas’s forehead crinkled slightly with concern before he admitted, “Not really but it’s hard to stop him when he gets a notion. You know?”
“Not really Sammy’s thing, you know. More of a goody two shoes.”
Dean pulled away from the girl that he’d been kissing to look at Cas. He’d been trying to get back his enthusiasm and passion that he used to have for this. He really tried to get back to where he was before the
“Because I’d rather ride your ass,” Cas growled irritably. “It’s a hell of a lot more fun.” Dean felt his face heat up at the image that popped into his mind and was very thankful for the darkness in the truck but he was even more thankful when Cas took the hint. “What the hell, Alfie? You know better than this.”
Dean finally grabbed a hold of a strong root that had forced itself in through the brick wall. He grabbed the jutted out brick with his other hand and tried to gain a foot hold to relieve the pressure on his arms and shoulders. His ribs screamed in agony but he clenched his teeth and fought against the pain. He quickly glanced around and determined he was maybe halfway down but he couldn’t climb up. There just weren’t enough things to hold on to.
“Nothing like us, huh?” Cas chuckled which caused Dean to smile slightly in return.
down. He squinted up into a crowd of people and sighed as he held a hand up for assistance.
Cas answered Dean’s question as he turned back toward him, “Yeah, I stood her up but I didn’t go back because I had already stayed too long. I just headed home so the rest of your rep might still be intact.”
Dean rolled his eyes and snapped back, “I’m a future well inspector and decided to check and see if it was up to code. Here’s your sign.” Cas growled, causing Dean to smile. “Hey, Bill Engval is funny.”
Cas stared up into Dean’s eyes, amazed at how stripped Dean’s emotions appeared to be. He saw Dean’s desire, lust and passion. He saw Dean’s anger at being put on the spot this way but, mostly, he saw a lost child in a man’s face. He saw the desperate fear and loneliness that would never be said outright.
. “What’s the final then?”
Dean gave a raspy laugh and observed sarcastically, “Yeah, that telekinesis crap doesn’t work when you possess a human, bitch. Ain’t death a pain in the ass?”
Cas waved it away. “Wanted to.” Then he stopped uncertainly as he ran a hand through his hair. Very soft, silky hair, Dean now knew from experience. “Look, De-?”
Dean turned and explained, “We both need water and aspirin before we pass out or our hangovers are going to be wicked bitches.”
“I mean,” Cas moaned and thrashed as Dean kept pumping and twisting Cas’s cock slowly. “What we are doing. . . shouldn’t it feel . . . weird, or, you know, wrong? You know, strange? Oh, God. Yeah, De, like that. Oh, God, yes.”
“Cuz of her, cuz of Cassie,” Cas surmised quickly.
Dean shook his head and snapped out of it. “I’m good. You can’t use me to get out of this, short stuff,” Dean warned with amusement.
Cas tossed the rag across the room before turning to look at Dean’s relaxed, happy face. He could tell that Dean was almost asleep. He leaned forward and gave Dean a gentle, leisurely kiss before suggesting, “Let’s get some sleep. You look wasted.”
Dean meets up with Cas but there's no rest for the wicked.
He pulled into the driveway, not having the garage door opener, and then let himself into the house. He knew he smelled like smoke, so he headed straight for the washer. He found it out in the garage. He moved his car into it then closed the garage door. He undressed in there and threw his clothes into the washer then started it on cold. He’d pay Cas back for the soap later. He took a long shower then crashed on the couch wearing a t-shirt and jeans while he waited for Cas’s call.
He glanced around the lonely motel room, taking in the bottles, gun and knife. He didn’t want to be in this town anymore and didn’t have another hunt lined up. He ran a hand through his dirty hair and cautioned, “I’m not sure how good I’ll be at the game. Haven’t played in years and even then, it was more catch than actual football. If you start calling plays and shit, I won’t have a clue.”
Dean ran his eyes up and down Casy in reflex, mentally his drunk mind automatically imagined Cas in his current state of half dress but in handcuffs, while he smirked and teased lightly, “Not the submissive, huh? Well, most alpha types like you aren’t.”
Cas slammed the gear into park and killed the engine quickly. “That’s Kyle standing beside it, Alfie’s best friend,” he informed Dean as he hurried out of his side of the truck. Dean quickly followed suit, shouldering his duffel.
Cas gave him a few moments while Dean started to fade in and out. Dean mainly focused on how to get back to the haunted house so that he could fry the old hag, extra crispy. He also had his breathing to concentrate on. When he kept it moderated, it was easier to control the pain.
Cas nodded. “Definitely. Now, let’s go eat.”
“It’s Cas,” Cas glanced down at Dean and questioned softly, “You sure you can drive?”
Beside him, Kyle wondered hesitantly in a weak voice, “What
“How long have you wanted to do this?” Cas clarified firmly.
“Dude, are you seriously daring me to?” Cas exclaimed in disbelief. “Seriously?”
“There isn’t one really. I mean, there is the slasher inn at the other end of town but even the bugs won’t stay there. You’ll be staying with me. I have a great couch in the living room, or so Gabriel tells me. You can also stay with my folks. They have a guest bedroom. Mine has not been added to the house. Yet,” Cas explained. At Dean’s inquiring look, Cas shrugged, “It’s a work in progress.”
Ten minutes later, Dean and Cas relaxed on the couch in front of the TV and ate their pizza. They both had on a pair of jeans with shirts nearby in case they got cold but Cas had the house temperature at a pleasant level. Dean felt a bruise forming on the left side of his face and Cas sported a black eye on his right side.
“Been here long?”
“So he’s staying with us?” Alfie wondered. Cas shook his head and Alfie frowned, “You’re not sending him to the slasher inn?” Cas rolled his eyes in response. Then Alfie paled and exclaimed in horror, “Dude, no way! I told you the Navy would turn you gay! Seamen, dude. Semen. Come on, it was so obvious.”
“Just don’t feel me up too much, Cassie. I know it’s hard with all my awesomeness displayed here but control yourself,” Dean teased lightly with customary snarkiness.
Dean focused his concentration on making an impression, even though he was distracted. He coaxed her mouth, but he also peeked over to where Cas was kissing his lady of the moment. That distracted him too much, so he closed his eyes again and put all he had into the kiss. Deep down he didn’t care if he won but his natural inclination was to win at all costs. He felt her moan against him and followed suit, knowing it would get her hotter.
“Past your bedtime, sleeping beauty? Now who’s the old man?” Cas taunted.
“Oh, shit,” Dean moaned hotly as his head lolled back and his hips thrusted up into that warm moist cavern. Cas moaned around him and Dean groaned, moving his hips restlessly, under Cas’s mouth and hands. Then Cas started bobbing up and down on top of him and Dean reached out thread his hand into thread it through Cas’s thick wavy locks.
“Fine,” Cas retorted with an amused rumble in his chest. He waited until he felt Dean start to drift off. Then he whispered in Dean’s ear, “Whatever, pussy.”
Dean smirked wryly. “Remember the night we met? Strangers are always the first targets.” Cas glowered in memory but Dean ignored him and turned back to the crowd.
Cas frowned, wondering what Dean was doing but didn’t ask. “I don’t know. I mean, I went in there once, but nothing really happened. Something was knocked over by the wind and thought that I might have heard a voice beside me that spooked me. I got out of there pretty quick. That’s what happens most of the time but a few kids swear that they saw Ol’ Lady H and she knocked them around some. Then she yelled at them to get out of her house.”
------------------ SPN --------------------------- SPN -----------------------
Dean grinned drunkenly then admitted, “Am wasted. Decided, though.”
“Just do it, Dean.”
Ignoring his mind and just focusing on the pleasure he felt, Dean pulled up again while he watched the effects of what he was doing to Cas. Cas groaned lustily, thrusting his hips up at Dean. Dean glanced at Cas’s face briefly before he refocused his attention on what he wanted but he wondered huskily, “What, Casy?”
“Yeah, okay, that’s fine. I’ll be there in a minute,” Cas answered then shut the door.
“Why did you decide you wanted this today?” Cas prodded, pausing to flick his tongue over Dean’s cockhead. He loved the taste of Dean that leaked out of him.
Kyle nodded in agreement before he added, “Dad’s right. Most of what happened that night didn’t make a lick of sense to me so I didn’t have time to get scared. Just the adrenaline.”
Lyle cracked a slight smile at that observation and quickly interceded to delay the fight that was brewing. He could see these two were more than ready to start swinging at each other. It was kind of funny because he’d never seen anyone stand up to his son the way this boy was doing and he could tell that Cas wasn’t sure what to make of it either.
, he mentally added, knowing how often he wound up on the wrong side of the law. He felt Cas tense beside him and regretted dragging Cas into this. He wished there was some way he could make Cas stay out of this but knew better from previous experiences.
Dean got up not long after Cas left the house since he had a job to do. He got dressed, making sure to wrap up his ribs as tight as possible. He finished off the breakfast and coffee that Cas had left out for him. He cleaned up then he headed to Ol’ Lady H’s.
“Sheesh. Grumpy much?” Dean pouted dramatically. Cas tried to hide his smile but couldn’t quite manage it.
Dean continued to glare but could tell that Cas wasn’t going to back down from this. Finally, he grumbled with a pout, “Fine, bitch.”
“I’m not hurt,” Dean argued as he sat up straight as fast as he could physically manage it, ignoring the pain radiating throughout his body because of it. “So believe it.”
After a few long moments, Dean pulled away to respond to Alfie’s panicked call. Dean stumbled over to them with Cas, trailing close behind. Alfie and Kyle both had positions on either side of Kelly.
“Same diff, pretty boy.” Cas shrugged dismissively as they both smirked.
“Aw,” Dean patronized mockingly. “Is someone missing their beauty sleep? Don’t worry, old man. I’ll get us home soon and I’ll even put you to bed if it’s past your bed time.”
Dean grunted unimpressed. “Yeah? I had one with that but it didn’t do that much for me. Of course, she wasn’t really that good. Coulda had something to do with it. Nice to know that you’re kinky bastard, though, liking those piercings and shit.”
Dean would never admit that he actually enjoyed watching both of them sleep while he stayed awake, like the protector he used to be. Back when Sam had needed him, and his father had needed him. Now both of them were past that and made it blatantly clear.
Dean climbed into the back of Cas’s truck and Cas thought for a moment about telling him that he’d been joking but felt that Dean really needed some alone time. He tossed Dean a bottle of water from inside the cabin then asked, “Need some aspirin or something?”
“Hell yeah,” Kyle and Alfie agreed readily. Kelly nodded weakly so Cas and Dean slowly helped her stand. Cas also kept an arm out for Dean in case he wobbled again, which he did. Alfie reached forward and grabbed Kelly’s arm while Kyle caught the other one.
After a long moment, Dean shook off his treacherous mind then fixed the sheets and blanket on the couch so that they could sit on it comfortably. Then he set up the coffee table to be able to eat and enjoy without getting up much. He got a beer and drank it while he waited for the pizza, which arrived about ten minutes later.
Buying time before he had to face his latest colossal screw up, he moved quietly to the kitchen to get his own cup of coffee and some of the dry toast that was left out for him. He ate a piece numbly, brushing the crumbs into the sink. He heard a noise behind him and swung around to catch a very guilty looking Cas.
Dean, for his part, could count on one hand the number of enjoyable, relaxing evenings he’d had in the past year and would have had fingers left over. Actually, in the past year, the only enjoyable times he’d actually had were with Cas because of Sam’s and his dad’s constant fighting. It had gotten so bad this past year that when his dad wasn’t home, Sam fought with Dean either over defending his father or not defending Sam. Dean had been in a no win situation since he was four years old and the last year had really drilled that into him.
“What happened then?”
“Trying to, bitch. Can’t get a good foot hold,” Dean panted then looked down to see if there was maybe a better place to rest further down. Not that he really wanted to head that way but he felt his grip weakening. He gripped tighter as he searched, ignoring the commotion above.
“Eat me, bitch,” Dean huffed. “She just said that because I was unavailable that night.”
He took another long drink from the bottle in his bloody hand. So what if there were a few dips of his own blood on the rim. That amount of blood didn’t come close to the body of that first six-year old on his last job.
Dean busted out with a short laugh. “I know you aren’t. I’m not, either, but you are definitely checking out my abs, Cas.”
Cas swore Dean was trying to make him lose his ever-loving mind, or suck it out of him through his cock. Shit, Dean’s mouth sucked so long and hard, like he was savoring the taste, while his hand gripped and pulled at Cas. But those two things had nothing on that magic tongue of his.
Cas breathed heavily against Dean’s lips, countering, “So can you. God, you taste good. Think we need a tie breaker.”
“Aw, hell,” Dean cussed, knowing he wasn’t going to like this.
“Whatever, nutcase,” Cas replied then threw the first punch.
Dean sighed softly, trying to calm his blood pressure. “Sorry. Sorry that you had nightmares. Any of you. But torching her house wouldn’t necessary solve that, you know.”
Dean’s emotional plea pulled at Cas, making him draw nearer to the strong, yet vulnerable man in front of him. He could tell that Dean definitely needed him for some reason. He remembered Dean’s voice on the phone when he’d called him last Sunday, how broken he’d sounded. He knew that Dean was in bad shape and felt for him. He didn’t know why but Dean struck a nerve in Cas that he couldn’t deny. Cas couldn’t help the driving urge he had to take care of Dean.
Alfie turned his head and stared into the back after Dean’s outburst. He frowned and asked with concern, “Shouldn’t we take him to the hospital or something?”
There was another pause then Kelly asked hoarsely, “What is my mouth so salty?”
“Don’t talk to me that way. You brought her here. You will pay. You and your stupid kids. Traipsing in my house. Trespassers. I’ll teach them. It’s my house. Mine!”
Cas smiled while shaking his head then rolled his eyes slightly. “Dean, friends don’t normally do this, you know. At least, not guy friends. Women maybe.” Cas smirked as he felt Dean’s cock swell more at the thought of that. Still smiling, he gave Dean a long slow stroke like Dean had done to him. “How long?”
Dean paused for a moment when he heard a hacking cough. “You got any bottled water in your truck?”
Dean sighed heavily, fighting the pain in his exhausted body again. “So what’s the plan, man?”
“Yeah, why?”
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please review and let me know what you think, constructively.
Dean quickly picked her up with one arm around her waist. He turned to check the room before he tried to fumble with the door, moving his sawed off shotgun to the crook of his arm. He heard something move behind him. He spun around, grabbing for his gun.
Dean felt Cas harden slightly after being very limp seconds before. Dean ground his hips down on Cas’s. Dean’s own cock had been sorely neglected and didn’t want to wait any longer. Cas’s hands immediately moved to the top of Dean’s jeans and he quickly worked them open. Together they slipped them off of Dean’s narrow hips then all the way off his body. Cas pushed him back and over to lean back against the other arm of the couch.
“Okay, go,” Dean shouted and felt the noose tighten uncomfortably around his upper ribs. He walked up the wall as much as he could to try to reduce the pressure and maintain his grip on the rope above him. He’d almost lost his breath when he felt hands grab his and pull him out. He flopped back on to the ground while reaching for the rope around his chest. Once again, helping hands assisted him.
Dean slapped Cas lightly on his back as he moved around him to show the sheriff the grave. He had only gone a couple of steps before Lyle demanded irritably, “Why the hell would you shot at a ghost with those kids in there?”
Another man sidled up to the conversation and interjected, “And I want to know what the hell my baby girl went through.” Dean cocked an eyebrow in question so he added, “I’m Kelly’s father.”
He sighed as his hand’s encountered a dainty bracelet, knowing it was probably Amber’s or some other victim’s as they tried to escape the ghost. He kept searching the area as the men worked above him. He finished his search, dropping everything he found into his right hand jacket pocket, about the time Cas called down again.
“Actually, it’s my turn,” Dean argued cockily, trying to ignore how very horny he was.
A loud screech rent the night as she faded away. Kelly dropped to the ground with a groan while Dean quickly reloaded. He nudged Alfie and ordered harshly, “Grab your girlfriend and go.” Alfie only stared at him vaguely, not comprehending that he was free.
Once the door closed behind them, Cas fixed his gaze on Dean and stared for a long moment before he stated outright, “I’m not asking because I know you’ll just evade. Alfie’s right. You do look bad just not as bad as last night.”
Dean rolled his head slightly, rubbing the back of his neck, then tried to rub some of the mud off of him. Cas grinned and Dean glared at him. Lyle told them, “It’s a consensus that we are done here. Some of the men will come back with the sheriff to take care of the grave when they have the proper equipment so I’m headed back to work. I know you need to take him to get a shower since you drove together but I’d like to know if you’re coming into work today, son.”
