“Just wondering”
“We’ll have a banana split extra Nutella and strawberry ice cream please” Jarvis smiled, the Nutella was for Tony and the strawberry ice cream  was usually in Anna’s favor. Jarvis knew all about Tony and his sexuality, not that Tony told him, he just knew Tony. Although he didn't know that Tony was a total klutz when it came to actually talking to someone he deemed attractive.
“Hey check that out” the cashier nudged Tony’s waiter. He couldn’t help but eavesdrop. “Look at how much they pay for a video of that Stark kid doing something stupid. Man I’d be able to actually quite one of my jobs”
“And was he driving a-”
“Yeah you would think” Tony turned around as he practically limped out the apartment as quick as his bruised body could take him. “Thanks for everything and all that”
“Jarvis is taking me ” Well this wasn’t as big as a lie. It’s true Jarvis was taking him to practice driving, except Jarvis didn’t know that.
Peter rolled his eyes, squeaking in pain. Flash got away with everything and Peter never had the guts to tell anyone besides Ned. Gosh everyone probably thinks Peters an idiot, getting knocked out by a door? How old was he? Five?
“I should’ve known you were a privileged ass! I can’t believe that for a second I almost thought you were normal!” Natasha walked in to witness Steve screaming at Tony.
“Hey honey” Tony smiled walking aimlessly. “How many finals do you have left?” Tony asking getting straight to the point.
“Oh yeah and Tony”
“It’s because if they ruin him, they’ll ruin his father overall ruining Stark industries” the stranger with the glasses spoke, standing up and handing Steve a hundred dollar bill “I’ll take that coffee to go please” he almost whispered grabbing the To go cup Sam gave him and rushing out quickly.
Mentions of Rape
“We?! Thor! We?!”
“Real ass that Stark kid isn’t he?” The man sipping his coffee while reading the morning paper asked Steve.
“Forget him, he sucks the fun out of everything. Even driving” Jarvis seemed as if he was contemplating joining Tony or not. He sighed shaking his head before opening the passenger seat and sitting inside.
“I guess you’re right” Bruce groaned “but if he stabs me Thor I’ll haunt you” Thor nodded quickly and began to lead the way. Tony’s body ached every step they took, he so desperately wanted to shower again and sleep away all the pain. “Tony are you sure you’re alright? You don’t look so good” Bruce skimmed over Tony’s face.
The group of people suddenly touching him again taking what he assumes to be his wallet and other valuables. When something ran across the alley one of the girls screamed, at least that’s what Tony assumed, everything sounded muffled and his head only pounded more.
“I- it’s really nothing Bruce don’t worry about it “ Tony nodded with sad eyes, his own injuries surprising him.
“Well it was my first language so yes sir” Tony liked this conversation, it kept him distracted. Howard always told him distractions were the cancer of success but Tony really needed a distraction right now.
(See the end of the chapter for
He drove past Tony and Jarvis on his motorcycle leaving Tony dumbfounded and Jarvis looking as smug as ever. “Did he just?”
“Can I take you out on a date next Saturday?” He asked again this time with a light laugh looking down at Tony adoringly.
“They’re on the way honey so just give them the address which brings me back to where’s your phone”
“You’ve got to be kidding me” Natasha spit carrying the exhausted child in her arms.
“Why does it matter Natasha! I did what I had to do to help and now I’m done. Hopefully I’ll never have to come across that excuse of a human again!” He shouted his ears turning red and that’s when Natasha smacked him upside the head. Steve’s heart was pounding so quick in his chest he thought it might burst, he felt like such an idiot. To think that someone as rich and intelligent as Tony Stark wouldn’t be a complete ass. “Ouch!”
“And Just where do you think you’re going Anthony?” Tony’s heart began racing rapidly against his chest, he learned from a young age that when his dad asked a question he shouldn’t have to ask that Tony would most likely end up in trouble. Howard didn’t even glance up from his papers as he watched Tony getting ready to leave the house. Tony let out an over exaggerated sigh and ran his hand over his face, he hates it when his dad called him Anthony, it made him feel like he was 50 and on the verge of going completely bald.
“Never better actually! Now boys let go
Ok everyone let’s pretend like it hasn’t been almost a year since the last update shall we ? Also sorry for the shitty chapter but I had to get this part out of the way. So please let me know what you think in the comments because they keep me going! bye :)
“Alright fine”
“This mermaid exhibit thing is the fakest shit ever!” Natasha was just as annoyed as Clint as the took to the direction of the fish exhibit. “Oops children excuse my language. Steve you coming?” She questioned.
“Was it really that bad?” Tony played with the cherry from the banana split refusing to look at Jarvis.
“You can’t turn off the sun can you?”
“Okay o-- wait you know my name?” Jarvis stood off to the side to a little privacy whilst still eavesdropping.
“Wow” he stumbled backwards looking up, and his heart definitely skipped a beat.
“What? No way!” Steve stopped for a second to look at him. “I thought the Starks were always taking extravagant vacations.
“Yes Buck I’ll be fine now go cram for your final” Steve smiled shooing him off.
“Yes sir”
“Steve breathe I'm only kidding” Steve could hear her smirk, Natasha only jokes once in a blue moon and now just had to be one of the times “Is everything alright?” worry evident in her voice.
“I know I know he’s kinda evil and all but-but he’s our only hope unless you plan on sleeping on the streets”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stood up pulling out a hundred dollar bill and handed it to his waiter “I’ll take that coffee to go please” he whispered grabbing the to-go cup the other waiter handed him.
It took Steve about 10 minutes of halfass cleaning the fryer before the guilt finally got to him. He still believed that Anthony Stark needed a wake up call but maybe just not like this. He would just check up to see if he was still there and if he was he would call the police and it would be the end of this whole situation. And if he wasn't there it would be alot easier for Steve to go on with his life. Steve sighed exiting the kitchen as the lights breeze of Brooklyn air hit him, along with the realization that he really didn't know what to do as his eye came upon Anthony Stark’s Body. His body completely still as only his chest rose and fell slowly.  “Son of a bitch” his hands acted before his brain could as he called Natasha, she was the only one who would know what to do in this type of situation. Sam would only laugh at the irony of everything, Bucky would be freaking out about his finals, and well Clint would suggest leaving him there and Steve didn't think that was too bad of an idea himself.
“Sorry but he just left”
“That probably because he was roofied” Natasha looked up after examining Anthony.
Suddenly another women stood up and joined them, along with the bar tender all of them meeting a man outside. Tony’s heart beat was increasing as he began to realize what was happening. He felt paralyzed, he couldn’t  move, his head ached, his blood felt cold he wanted to scream but nothing could come out. He tried to fight back to push them away but it was pointless.
“Its a long story but our friend Tony, he’s there and he needs us” Natasha gave a tight smile and nodded. She didn’t not trust them but she has a gut feeling they weren’t lying so she lead them to Steve’s apartment.
Warning Sexual assualt
He set the small Stark on his couch, sighing and retrieving a first aid kit. “Damn you Stark”
“But your change” Steve followed
“This conversation isn’t over, Tony” Bruce  squeezed his hands one more time before getting up.
Shall we?” Bruce kept his arm around Tony as Thor led the way, neither of them believing tony was actually alright. Yet rather than digging into they let it slide this time. Tony attempted to drown out Steve’s hurtful word by focusing on his injuries, but instead that only left him sore
“Are you crazy the paparazzi will have a field day, you’d only cause more harm than good”
“It’ll help with the hangover” Steve couldn’t help but wink for some reason.
“Back off Justin, it’s not happening ” Rhodey spoke up on Tonys behalf. As the whole group watched the tension persist.
The men continued to discuss their issues except this time they made it loud and clear on their motives. “Marty this animal right her is gonna save the zoo” and the realization hit Tony that he would never leave this fake home as he looked up to see these horrid humans put a cage over the fake sea to prevent his escape. Everyone was right, humans really are horrible monsters.
“Tony don’t you da-“ Tony hung up sniffling. He tried to stand up and fell to the floor in a clutter. Steve rushed in from the sudden noise. He looked at Tony on the floor annoyingly, he noticed the rims of his eyes were red along with the tip of his nose.
“Oh so you saw the famous stark abs in person, were they everything you ever wanted and more?” Natasha tried to make light of the moment, she never liked to keep it too gloomy. Steve thought back to the billionaire’s bare torso as blood rushed to his face. Despite the attitude Steve couldn’t help but stare at his surprisingly amazing carved abs.
“Why not just maybe crazy idea but put it on the billionaires insurance maybe?” Loki questioned, smirking.
“Mhmm” Tony mumbled as it was the only way to hold back a sob Rhodey wouldn’t understand.
“Yes Clint. I know what time it is. No I don’t care. Yes just hurry” She hung up turning to Steve “Just try to wake him up don’t be so uptight” She punched his arm noticing how tense he is. “I’ll be in the diner, don’t worry once he wakes up he’s no longer your problem” Steve forced a small smile and nodded.
“Tony everything’s gonna he alright. Why haven’t you answered your phone? Also I’m so sorry but my flights been delayed but remember Thor and Bruce yeah?“
“Penis Parker you’re so dead” and that was the last thing Peter remembered. Now he was in the nurses’s office with an ice bag to his face and his dad sitting there with his worried face on.
“Yeah sorry I- why am I here?” Tony had a blurry memory of the last few hours but everything just felt like a fast forwarded scene of a cheesy movie.  Tony took in the surrounding of the hospital room, everything bland, either white or beige. The sent of antibacterial filled his nostrils only making him more sick, Tony hates hospitals.
“He goes to my school” Tony admitted once the cashier couldn't possibly hearing anything. “But I highly doubt he know would ever give me the light of day"
“Anything else?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony waited five minutes until toast and coffee were served infront of him,  “I didn’t order this” Tony looked up confused.
“Yeah?”
“Morning sleepy head” Steve smiled at Peter. “Here put your jacket on we’re going home” Peter choose against argueing and nodded ignoring his thumping head ache. Life was not going very well for him.  “Peter what’s going on with you?” Steve looked concerned, pulling out it the school parking lot.
“Mr. Stark I noticed some things that show a signs of forced penetration…” Dr. Hill continued but all Tony could hear was a deafening silence. Silence from the night before, the disgusting feeling of being used like a toy. He was passed around like cigarette and all he could do was watch desperately trying to shout for someone, anyone but like always no one was there. Again the disgusting taste of bile rose in his throat as he rushed to the side of his bed vomiting.
“That mermaid thing at the city zoo? Everyone’s been freaking out about it.It even made the front page of the paper” Natasha spoke up passing the paper she was reading around. “You think it’s an actually mermaid?” She giggled and everyone joined her. Nothing interesting ever happened in Marvel City and it wasn’t about to happen in summer of ‘95 either.  Thor barely glanced at the paper before passing it to Bruce who didn’t even bother to look, passing it to Steve. Steve couldn’t help but stare at the picture of beautiful red and gold scales that covered the page. He was left almost speechless, a small part of him wanted to believe in the mermaid being real while the other part found the whole thing laughable.
“What?” Steve’s heart suddenly dropped, he had left a drugged teen alone in an alley without second thought. What has gotten into him? Sure he was a Stark but still. “How do you know?” He asked bending down next to Natasha.
“That it?”
“Yep, needed the extra cash” Steve sighed, he much rather be spending his Saturday night with his mom or at the movies with Bucky or out painting.
“Thank you” the young man smiled as Steve nodded turning back to the counter.
“And how do you plan on getting there?” His dad smirked excitingly, he wouldn’t let Tony get his license even though in Tony’s swears he's one of the greatest drivers out there.
“Bruce” he whispered and melted into in arms. Bruce held Tony’s head as he looked a Thor confused.
Without second thought he opened the back door through the kitchen and into the alley the people were in. “What the hell is going on here?” Steve shouted hoping that he would be able to take on five people at once if he needed to.
“I’m driving back too” Tony announced as they left the ice cream shop. Jarvis sighed with a nod as they both walked into the car. They sat there for a few minutes as Tony adjusted the rear view mirror and played his favorite CD before reversing, which was followed by a thud. “Oh my God” Tony turned off the car and rushed out quickly along with Jarvis. “Oh my God I killed Steve Rogers”  Tony’s heart began pounding in a way one could only describe as unnatural. He began losing his breathe quickly and could feel his chest burning.
“This might sting a little”
Let’s act like it hasn’t been forever since I last posted! I hope you guys enjoy. As always feel free to comment! :)
Tony ans Bruce groaned in unison. “Thor, Loki is an ass” Tony stopped walking and scrunched his face.
Natasha put her hands up in defence “Hey Rogers you never know”
“Please let me make it up to you. Anything please.” Tony asked desperately placing his hand on Steve's shoulder, attempting to ignore the warmth his body radiated. Steve stood up at full height with the help of Tony, this only making Tony feel shorter than usual.
The customer dragged his hand over his face lifting his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose. “Thank you” he smiled looking up at Steve. His face oozed familiarity but Steve just couldn’t put his finger on it.  He left the customer smiling, going to grab his order.
“Uh well Tony you passed out once we got to Loki’s then you got up and passed out again in the car“ Tony tried to listen and ignore the pounding headache but it was so hard and he just wanted to sleep. “The doctors say you’re a little dehydrated, which effected your injuries which are pretty bad Tones. You have three broken ribs and a whole bunch of other stuff. Tony why didn’t you us tell they were this bad?” Bruce’s heart ached looking down at his confused friend, he looked so small, so hurt and Bruce wanted nothing more than to comfort him. Yet Bruce knew Tony just wouldn’t allow him.
“Tony don’t put yourself down like that, any woman or man would be lucky to be with you” he used Tony’s actual name causing him to look up with a smile and a nod. They ate in comfortable silence after that.
Tony didn’t get far, to be honest he’s surprised he made it out of the building at all. He sat at the curb of the building and just sobbed, he couldn’t hold in anymore. Everything through the year just piled up and yesterday was the final straw. Maybe his father was right maybe he really was useless, he’s such a wimp can’t even stop himself from crying. Oh god Howard, he’s going to kill Tony. How had that escaped his mind? The Stark name will be spoiled in Howard’s eyes and even if he knew what really happened he wouldn’t care. He with out a doubt already saw the video, the idea of his father seeing his alleged sex tape sent a shiver down his spine. He was probably hunting Tony down this very second.
“Yes?” The cashier smiled turning his head to the side.
“Im Thor and this is my lovely friend Bruce” Bruce smiled and waved. Natasha giggled as she unlocked Steve’s apartment with her spare key.
The footage on the tv continued showing different clips of the horrid Stark. His father sold weapons to people who only ever caused destruction, causing them to be very unpopular in the regular world.
“Aw good morning beautiful ” Loki smiled in the rear view mirror, pushing the gas pedal excitedly. Tony looked around dizzied, God he really needed to stop doing that.
“Oh Tony don’t you dare move. I’ll be there as soon as possible, Thor and Banner are already there send me an address now”
“Let’s do it!” Bucky laughed as the all agreed to attend the zoo with Clint the following day, leading them to the greatest adventure of their summer.
“What the hell happened to him?” Her brows furrowed as she approached Anthony bending down to get a better look at the situation. “Wait a minute, Is this-”
“Loki, now is not the time. Could you be useful for call an ambulance or something?” Thor spit, look over Loki’s surprisingly large penthouse.
“Yes!” Tony’s voice came out high pitched and a little too excited, “I mean yeah, cool sure”
“Wow that’s even sappier than my story. ” Tony smirked. Then it only got deeper from there. The duo spent what felt like ages talking to each other and Steve hated to admit it maybe he really was wrong about Tony. Maybe Steve was an ass after all.
Steve rolled his eyes “I kept a promise to your friend and I never break my promises” Steve put on his ‘Captain I’m in charge’ voice. “besides look at you, you’re an absolute mess it won’t hurt to let someone help you” he had a lazy smile on his lips, it made Tony smile too.
“Thanks I really needed that”
“Of course”
Tony loves driving, feeling the wind through his hair and blasting his music impossibly loud. Driving made that weird knot in his stomach disappear. It let his head clear and not have to worry about upsetting his dad or ruining a project. When Tony was driving he wasn’t Anthony Edward Stark son of Howard Stark the billionaire, he was just Tony a regular kid and he loved it.
“To the library,” he lies straight through his teeth.
“And you beat him up what the hell Steve? I mean i don't like the Starks as much as the next guy bu-”
“You can’t turn off the sun can you?” Tony made a sad attempt at a joke.
Steve rolled his eyes and closed the door. That was easier than expected. Steve walked back into his room as his phone rang, an unknown number. “Hello?”
“Then what do I do?” Steve was a nervous wreck, he wanted nothing to do with this but here he was stuck in the middle of it. He just wanted some  extra money by working over time and instead he’s stuck with a drugged billionaire and Natasha at 3 am.
“Close but not wrong, Ireland’s my dream place actually. It’s where my grandparents are from and I’ve always wanted to take my mom back there”
“I doubt it, but we have nothing better to do so might as well check it out” Steve spoke up, secretly hoping everyone would agree.
“Hey do you have anything I can patch up myself with?” Steve looked at him feeling dumb for not offering that earlier, he nodded quickly. He rushed to grab the first aid kit from the kitchen counter. “Thanks” Steve was stupidly surprised by how often Tony thanked him, he thought billionares took everything with out thanks. Steve was going to leave to give Tony some privacy before he noticed him struggling.
“Yes”
“Son of bitch” Goodness he looked terrible, not that he didn’t
“What do you mean? Loki this is time sensitive!” Bruce insisted, worried about the unconscious teen. Loki shrugged him off leading him to his Ferrari. Thor and Bruce looked at each other, both equally confused as to how Loki could afford such expensive things.
“He’s lucky all he got was a black eye and a lost baby tooth. Next time he should be a little more careful, bumping into a door with that much force. He’s lucky Flash was therse”
“Never better honey” Bruce knew Tony was lying but he didn’t wanna force him to answering in fear of pushing him away. Instead Bruce smiled and nodded.
I hope this is good :) tried to show as much detail as possible. As always comments are appreciated. Thank you <3
“Okay I-I may have lost it but but my brother, Loki, doesn’t live far from here! I’m sure that we could get there in no time” Thor beamed as though he has solved all the problems in the wold.
“I’m Brittany” she got Tony's attention causing his body to shift towards her. “I noticed you walk in and immediately thought this man has to buy me a drink” she smiled at the bartender as he placed one drink in front of her and one in front of Tony.
“He gave you 100 dollars for a cup of coffee and toast, man one day that will be me I promise you” Sam laughed as Steve stood in the same spot dumbfounded by the stranger’s comment and actions. “That dude was right though, if they get the public all on the same page about AnthonyStark then it won’t be long till Howard Stark is next” Sam said matterafactly. That’s not such a bad thing after all, Steve thought to himself. Submitting a video would finally teach the Starks that they can’t just live life expecting everyone to wait on their hand and foot.
“I have one more tomorrow then I’m off to join you in New York.” Rhodey responded knowing Tony was trying to wait for him patiently. “Are you sure your old man’s ok with us using the penthouse?” Rhodey was nervous about spending part of the summer in New York and he wasn’t sure Tony’s dad even knew they were using the place. And from the stories Tony had accidentally spilled while being drunk, Howard Stark didn’t sound like a very nice person.
“Couldnt wait five seconds?” Steve asked with a bit too much sass as he made a move to help Tony up.
He placed the toast with a side of butter and coffee. “I didn’t order this” the customer looked up confused.
“It was nothing Rhodey I just got mugged” Tony’s voice felt thick, pained. Silent streams slipped through his eyes. Flashbacks of last night replaying over and over, he was on the verge of having a panic attack.
“So youre telling me you get whatever you want handed to you on a gold plate and that’s all you can say?” Tony look at Steve his heart racing, he didn’t like making people mad but apparently that’s all that he was good at. Gosh even if he wasn’t trying to be a pompous ass, he still was one.
He suddenly found himself in an alley, the cats once eating the scraps running away. His brain was using all it's power to move but he just couldn’t! Oh how he wished Rhodey was here, Rhodey always knew what to do. A million thoughts ran through Tony’s mind. Were they going to rob him? Or were they going to kill him? Is this how he was going to die, alone in a dark alley?
“Yeah I think he threw his other clothes out” Steve responded slightly weirded out. “Why?” He asked, his eyebrows furrowed.
Bruce was on the verge of fainting himself, he looked at Tony’s pale face and tapped it ever so gently. With no success in gently waking him up Bruce resorted to a more violent attempt.
“Mom I don’t want you worry anything. I just want you to focus on getting better, please” The woman held Steve’s hand. Tony presumed it was his mother, she looked so tired, almost hopeless. Tony’s heart aches for her. Steve looked at his mother with kind eyes. Tony almost envied their relationship, he was always distant with his mother. He glanced at them one more time, the pair were almost magnetic to Tony. He decided that he had been creeping on people too long, gulping his coffee he rush to return back to his room before anyone knew he was ever missing.
“Keep it” Tony rushed off not being able to look the man in the eye. He was too ashamed. His body only got hotter as he flustered to get his phone out of his pocket. He dialed Rhodey’s number quickly knowing he was the only person who could make him feel good right now.
“Yes sir” He smiled tightly holding the door for Tony.
“Yup yup. That’s a secret very few know so take care of it please”  They both smiled softly at each other. “Where’s your dream vacation? You seem like the England type”
“Can I get you anything else?” Steve clicked his pen glancing at the young man.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Geez thanks a ton” Tony smiled as Steve began wrapping his body in gauze.
“And who should i sign the check - wait what?” Tony was definitely going to die of embarrassment before it hit 10 pm.
“Well it’s not like anyone else is gonna use it” Tony sighed sipping his coffee. He knew his dad would be angry for whatever reason but he didn’t care really. If he got to spend time away from his ‘family’ and relax with Rhodey for even a day, he would take it. “Now hurry up and fail your exams already! I’m getting lonely” Tony smirked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter stuck the tooth under his pillow and sighed. He’d do anything to make his dad happy, even if it meant being childish.
“The tabloids can kiss my ass. Ninety five percent of everything in there is a lie.”
“Hello?”
Bruce paced back and fourth in the waiting room going over what Thor explained to him. “Are there really that many paparazzi outside?” Bruce asked, frustrated. Tony’s already been to hell and back; having it broadcasted for everyone to see would only make it worse. Bruce went over every possible way for Tony to avoid ending up on every magazine in America and part of Europe.
“That's so hot” Jarvis smiled leading Tony to the passenger seat, he might as well have been drunk because he clearly was not thinking straight. Jarvis smiled as he started up the car. “Oh Jarvis what will I wear?” And for the first time in a long time Tony was content with his life.
“Sirena” the two twins giggled while excitedly looking at each other.
“Oh dear, is he dead” Loki opened his penthouse door tilting his head to the side a grimace painting his face. Bruce gave him a look of disturbance while Thor just shook his head and carried Tony.
“Yes unfortunately. Loki ran into a few earlier.” Thor rubbed the back of his neck. Bruce looked accusingly at Loki, finding it hard to believe that he wasn’t behind the paparazzi.
“Yeah Tony about that, we have a slight problem. We may have accidentally lost our phones and wallets”  Thor sheepishly scratched the back of his neck.
“I don’t need your help” Tony snapped back rudely, Steve looked offended but not surprised. Of course Stark would be an asshole no matter the situation. “Sorry I didn’t mean for it to sound like that, I’m just- I just I have to go” an apology now that was unexpected.
“I find that hard to believe” Steve muttered under his breathe.
I’m so sorry I took forever to upload but I made it extra long :) hope you enjoy and as always comments are always appreciated.
“See you” nothing within the last 5 minutes had registered in Tony’s head, he was on the verge of going insane, because Tony never had good luck. Tony never got a lucky chance but apparently today was different.
“Sir please don’t make me regret this”
“Look Steve I know a lot more than you and let’s just keep it at that.” she slipped the usb into her pocket biting her lip.  Natasha looked around the room her eyes landing on an open first aid kit, she tilted her head to the side. “How bad were his injuries?” Her criminology major got the best of her as she wanted to know every detail in relation to last nights occurrence.
Rhodey nodded before realizing what he was doing “You have my word”, his theories about Howard had been confirmed. The man really was an asshole.
“Can I get a black coffee please?” Tony asked a small smile on his lips as he placed a hand on his forehead in a sad attempt to stop the aching.
He looked down at his gross hospital gown hoping no one would recognize him. He ignored his body’s pleas to relax and before he knew it he was in the cafeteria with a cup of hot coffee in his hand. He looked around at all the people chatting away with their loved ones, people with broken limbs, people with incurable illnesses, people who looked like they had already given up hope. He really had no right to complain, not one bit he thought. Most of these people didn’t deserve anything that happened to them while Tony definitely did, at least Steve thought so. Tony thought so too.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah well I don’t always get what I want so oh well ” Tony got up ignoring the pain shooting through his body.
“Dad” Peter whined “I’m really tired, I had a really long day with er-ya know bumping into doors and all” Peter rushed to escape Steve’s abnormally strong grip.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony asked quite offended.
“I’ll we’ll um have-have a” Tony stuttered embarrassingly looking down.
God Tony felt gross. He laughed bitterly as blood poured from his lips. He really thought that this summer he could get away from everything, he had never been more wrong.
“Excuse me?” Steve was getting ready to hang up. He wanted nothing to do with this. Anthony Stark finally got his damn wake up call and for some reason Steve had to be thrown into the mix. “To be quite honest I really don’t care what happens to Anthony Stark, I didn’t sign up for billionaire babysitting.”
“Thank you”
“Wait a minute Nat I didn't do this” He pointed out to Anthony with his arms. Sure Steve hated the Starks, who didn't? But he would never purposely cause harm to anyone, that was just bullying and although Starks were bullies it wasn’t in Steve hand to cause them harm. “I was working and I heard a scream came out here and saw 3 guys and 2 girls on him” he rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
Tony looked up at Steve’s face and put a hand to his boyfriends face, “Please don’t cry.”
When the weapon was finally finished Tony had screamed himself hoarse. Tony wasn’t sure, but he wouldn’t be surprised if he called out for Steve or Thor or his family to help him. He just couldn’t control what came out his mouth. The pain was simply too excruciating.
As always I hope you enjoy.
“What? What’s happening?” He rasped out.
“That’s amazing Tony thank you! You know, I wish I knew how you build all this stuff. It seems like something out of a crazy science movie to me.” Steve chuckled.
Tony looked down at the first paper, it was his original assessment except this time it said, “Iron Man: Yes, Tony Stark: Recommended and very much needed.” Tony read in a shaky voice as his eyes started to blur.
Steve was having none of it however because he quickly cupped Tony’s face, “Tony it’s okay, I want this.” He murmured and quickly joined their two faces.
Bruce rolled his eyes, “I don’t think that’s how it works Tony.”
“Yes we are together.” Steve stated confidently and happily.
Steve just launched a fry at him in response.
“But don’t worry, I support it one hundred percent.” Clint said “I would even more if I got my money.”
While this was happening Tony tried to control his breathing. He knew whatever was going to happen wasn’t going to be good. He tried to hold back his thrashing and was only partially successful.
“And they say I’m the futurist.” Tony replied, wickedly.
“Ha ha, very funny guys.” Steve said, they didn’t miss the faint blush that painted his cheeks.
“I don’t understand why you drag me to these meetings. They’re pointless plus you’re the CEO. I have better things to do.” Tony snapped
“That’s the fun of it.”
“Okay I’ll get to work then.” Bruce said, “Steve I’m going to need you.”
Steve had loved the movie, it was definitely one of his favorites. The love story between Wall-e and Eva was just way too adorable. He could also relate to Wall-e, sometimes Steve felt older and out of date. He couldn’t get over how cute Wall-e was though!
“Well there’s supposed to be this fair, it should be lowkey. I thought it would be fun to get out.” Bruce replied.
“Nothing much just sketching, I forgot to ask, how is the ankle?
“Hammer carved their initials in my stomach and then… they played a recording of you guys. Supposedly after the explosion. In it you said… you said you hated me and the Avengers would be better if without me. Everyone else didn’t want to save me either. Natasha said I was too broken to be fixed.” He sobbed, “They made me think you guys were glad I was gone.” He cried.
“Damn, why would they pay so much to get a video of the loser anyway” Steve spoke up as everyone in the diner was now watching intently and talking about it.
”Beathe”
Tony’s brows furrowed as his eyes landed on a head of golden blond hair. He couldn’t put his finger on it but it was eerily familiar. Then the blond spoke up and Tony could almost instantly match a face to that head of hair. Strangely Tony felt at ease while hearing his voice.
“Hey do you want a clean pair of clothes to change into?” Steve scratched the back of his neck awkwardly as Tony followed him into his bedroom. This whole experience felt was just a festival of weird.
“Anthony Stark, son of billionaire  Howard Stark, seems to be at it again with his reckless drinking and many women” the Televisoin screen blasted, showing a video of a young man taking shot after shot and laughing with a crowd of women surrounding him.
“Take him back to your plac ” She put a finger up before he could interrupt her “ He may or may not remember the night before therefore he might think you’re a crazy serial killer, so watch out for that and explain the whole situation” Steve looked at her getting ready to completely reject her idea “Listen Steve I would take him back to my place but I have things to attend to.” She gave a sly smirk. “ Keep a bucket next to him he might be nauseous. Your moms a nurse you should know how to tend to his injuries. I’ll call Clint and he can hold off the diner for the night” Steve once again couldn’t understand why they couldn't just call an ambulance and be done with everything “Steve this is Howards Stark’s son do you really think you can just call an ambulance and things would all be over? You like helping people anyways this should be a piece of cake for you.”
“Bloody Bastards! I’ll teach them to mess with our brother Anthony!” Thor boomed slamming his cherry coke on the small coffee table beside him. His cheeks were a rosy color ever since they’ve picked up Tony, anger painting over his face like it was a canvas. Thor has always been protective of their little group, especially Tony. Tony has strangely always reminded him of Loki, and he’s always felt responsible for watching over him.
“Do you need some help with that?” Steve’s cheeks blushed lightly pointing at Tony’s body. Tony hates accepting help but at this point he had no choice.
Steve looked over at the breathtaking gold and red scales and the scared young teen attache to them, his heart ached at the sight. He looked over the aquarium and noticed a cage over his body of water. Then like a ton of bricks it hit Steve that mermaids really were real and humans were horrible
“Mmmhmm sure. Any way did he borrow a pair of your clothes? I noticed he didn’t t have any blood on him” Natasha tried to ask as nonchalantly as she could.  She needed to know every aspect of the obvious crime.
“No Tony, it is okay? It is a big deal!” Rhodey held tony tightly, rocking back and forth. “You have to realize that you can’t just shrug everything off Tones. Why won’t you just accept help?” poor Rhodey there’s no way of getting better after this. Tony almost laughed, instead he nodded as Rhodey led him to the prison of a hospital bed.
Warning mention of Sexual harassment.
“Tony answer me. Did someone hurt you?”
“I’m not sure man I think it’s because the mermaid isn’t cooperating or something” the overly strange employee responded before walking away.
“Can’t, my moms making me take my little cousins to the zoo tomorrow. Apparently there’s some new mermaid exhibit. You guys wanna come check it out?” Clint looked up excited to maybe not have to go  alone with his forgien little cousins.
“Nothing I can’t handle at this point” Steve laughed. He began cleaning Tony’s abdomen and pretended like his face wasn’t burning bright red. Tony acted like he didn’t notice the man infront of him going from white to red in five seconds, he did smile though.
“R-Rhodey” Tony managed to utter. He inhaled and exhaled quickly, he could feel the hands on him and could feel all the pain. What he couldn’t feel was air. He felt hot, suffocated.
“It’ll help with the hangover” The waiter responded, winking. Tony became a dark shade of red, he wasn’t used to people being nice to him and there was no doubt that the waiter was attractive.
“Pretty much yeah”
“I’m going to fucking kill him”
“Well I did tell myself only one drink tonight, I’m not really a vodka guy though” he smiled charmingly at Britney.
usually look like absolute trash but this was a whole new level. He had a black eye, a busted lip, and multiple cuts and bruises covering his face and those were only his injuries. His eyes were red from the crying and his hair stuck out in  every direction.
“I don’t want to hear it Tony” he resumed to his paper work as Tony slouched his shoulders. He was 17 years old he was practically legal, but of course family image over everything else.
“Sorry not everyone is a natural born genius” Rhodey sassed
“I know but I can’t help it, you’re just so darn cute” Steve pulled Peter’s cheeks gently.
“No Tony it’s not nothing. Where are you?”
“Anthony Stark, he called me from this phone?” Steve’s mouth made an ‘o’ shape. He didn’t understand the relationship between the two or why he was so worried. Sure he got mugged, that happens all the time in New York, well maybe not to that extent but it’s still a common thing.
“Amen my man amen” Sam smiled as he left to take more orders. For once Steve wasn’t angry at a gossip sight for exploiting innocent celebrities because the Starks deserved this.
*                 *
Natasha opened her laptop quickly sticking the usb inside. Her hand hovered over the mouse and she clicked the file of yesterday’s video. Sure she had told Steve she’d delete it but she never promised. Besides she has to know what actually happened, she wouldn’t be staying true to her criminology major if she didn’t investigate even more.
“Of course not”Tony faked a smile for what felt like a millionth time today. He watched Thor and Bruce leave, feeling alone again. He hated being alone now. He used to enjoy it, so much but now he felt different, almost indescribable. “Coffee” Tomy mumbled to himself looking around to make sure the coast was clear before sneaking out and grabbing the obnoxious IV with him.
Loki faked a frown at his brother, “Ouch brother that hurt. Anywho an ambulance won’t get her in nearly enough time for our sweet little Anthony” Loki smirked like the Cheshire Cat while pulling Tony’s cheek. Thor pulled Tony away protectively, already over with Loki’s antics. “That’s why we’ll take my little baby, Cherry ” Loki shoved them out of the way smacking his door behind him.
“Wait Peter I have your last baby tooth, don’t you want a lil’ something from the tooth fairy”  Steve smirked and winked.
“Before you point you’re unmoisturized hand at me, I surprisingly have nothing to do with this.” Loki looked up from him magazine. “Besides it was probably one of those greedy little nurses. They act like they’re on ‘Greys anatomy’.” Loki continued sneering slightly at a nurse walking by.
“‘Tasha I really wasn’t paying much attention to that.” He responded sheplisjly. All evidence of previous anger seemed to melt away.
“Mmhmm be back by 11”
He carried the unconscious body easily “You’re right Nat I’ll just do this and ‘m done with it.” he was about to say something else but she stopped him.
“ I‘m sosososorryIdontknow howiletthathappenI’musuallysuchabetterdriverandIalwayscheckbeforeIbackupand-and”
Thor moved as quick as lightening to grab Tony’s body as he hurdled to the ground.
“Sorry just” Tony choked slightly, “I just uh bad milk I-I guess”. Tony lied quickly hoping desperately that the doctor wouldn’t notic.  God he looked so stupid. He really did deserve it, all of it.
“Well I’m gonna bounce. You sure you can hold up for the night?”
“If you don’t mind me asking why is the exhibit closed?” Steve piped up a part of him was actually disappointed. He didn’t know why but he just thought that maybe this summer would be different but so far it was already at the worst start.
“Mr Stark, I have to ask you this. Could you have said no?”
Tony couldn’t remember how it all happened, as he woke up in a glass tank. His heart pounded so quick in his chest he feared it would explode. Humans were talking in hushed tones while glancing at him every few sentences. He glanced over his surroundings, he looked like he was in a fake ocean? He desperately tried to hear what exactly the weird men in the suits were saying but he couldn’t hear a thing.  So instead he focused on his breathing and attempting to calm himself as much as he could. On the brighter side of things Rhodey has seen him so of course someone was getting help, well maybe. Suddenly without warning the glass tank was pushed over and Tony was in the fake ocean. He let out a yelp, swimming to the furthest corner possible to hide as much as he could.
“Poor bastard” Steve mumbled as he turned off the tv. He got into the room in time to catch Anthony trying to get up.
“Your mom is she doing better?” Clint asked wrapping his apron around himself and getting ready to lunch rush hour.
“Run Peter!” Ned screamed as Peter ran through the back side of the school not daring to look back. His heart was racing a mile a minute. Flash and his gang were out to get Peter for what felt like the millionath time in the eighth grade. Growing tired and out of breathe Peter took a quick glimpse back and suddenly he had a face full of t-shirt.
Tony slid back into his jail cell of a room, his mind wandering to a million different thoughts. “You’re a lot less sneaky than you think you are Tones” Tony almost jumped 10 feet into the air before turning to Rhodey, a small smile painting his face. Suddenly all those nasty thoughts drifted away as Tony melted into Rhodey’s arms. It felt like all the problems in the world were gone.
“I mean not for everyone obviously. I guess my main focus growing up was succeeding and I didn’t really have a childhood most people would expect a rich kid to have. It’s funny I’ve never even left the country” He chuckles bitterly.
“Here we are” Thor cheered after 30 minutes of walking, Tony was inches away from passing out, well not inches because he passed out two feet away from the front door.
“Dad I hate that nickname” Peter pouted like a three year old. At least it was only a baby tooth, Peter sighed rubbing his cheek.
“Good! I wasn’t going to apologize anyway! Look Natasha some times people are just inconsiderate dicks and there’s nothing you can do about it! I was trying to be nice I really was but he got on my la- ouch!” Nat punched his arm this time. She looked at the red usb in her hand every part of her body begging her to play the video for Steve but she knew she couldn’t .
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, “Uh yeah they were pretty bad. His ribs were really bruised up and his face was really really busted”.
Steve watched his face intently. His eyes were red, he had been crying. His lips cut open again and blood spilt from their perfect shape. A black eye adorned his brown eyes, some how making them stand out even more. “Just come on” Steve let his hand out and for some reason Tony took it, and he liked the way Steve’s hand fit in his.
“Sir, please calm down, look he's moving, he'll survive” Tony’s chest was still on fire as he bent over looking at the damages, he really was a shitty driver. The cashier from earlier, Steve, turned around.
“Your-Your friend? Brother? Called and told you to stay here. He said Thor and Bruce were on their way?” Steve was panting from how fast he was running. He also stated everything in a question because he really didn’t know what he was getting himself into.
She shrugged getting ready to press Steve’s apartment code in. “Excuse me, Miss?” She turned mid-code to see the two men standing behind her. A part of her felt uneasy thinking about the video she just watched, yet she responded.
“Damn, why would they pay so much to get a video of the loser anyway” Tony’s heart sank, he could hear everyone in the dinner inputting their opinions on him once again, apparently everyone has been eavesdropping on the two waiter’s conversation. Tony found himself feeling increasingly hot, he felt like he was under a microscope and one wrong move would result in public humiliation, again.
“Thank you” he smiled looking up at the waiter, his head pounding in the process.
“It’s because if they ruin him, they’ll ruin his father overall ruining Stark industries” He blurted out the words without his braining alerting his mouth to shut up. He had to get out of here, the heat began rising up his neck and spreading through his body.
Steve brushed off his dark thoughts and continued to serve coffee to customers and take orders down as he looked at the television every now and then, something about it drew him in. He looked at the t.v again before asking a customer what they’d like. The man answered quick and simple. “Can I get a black coffee please”. He wore a baseball cap and dark sunglasses earning him a wierd look from Steve. Only two types of people wore sunglasses indoors blind people or assholes but this customer surprisingly didn’t seem like an asshole.
“Uh Bruce can I talk to you for a sec?” Bruce nodded as Thor gave Tony a tight smile. Tony could see the pity in both of their eyes, he hated it. It made him feel useless, weak and he didn’t need to feel like that again. “Ehm alone” Thor nudged his head towards the door.
“The Tony Stark?” She asked excitedly.
“Come on Peter, just one last time” Steve took the baggy with Peter’s last baby tooth and placed in in Peter’s small hand.  “Night Cap”
“Ned man I need your help!” He whisper-shouted taking a glimpse at his desk.
“It’s Tony” he smirked walking inside, Jarvis following. “The usual?” Tony looked over at Jarvis who nodded. “Hi ca-“ Tony looked down from the menu and made a strange noise and became an impossibly dark shade of red. Jarvis followed Tony’s eyes and smirked.
“I’d love that” Tony smiled ignoring the pain shooting through his ribs. Steve dug in his closet for clothes that would fit the billionaire, or atleast not engulf him. Despite his large media personal Tony Stark was rather small, Steve found that quite entertaining.
“Are you alright? You uh you were screaming pretty loud in your sleep”    Tony knew he knew this guy but from where? Then suddenly it all came back; the bar, the alley, his injuries. It suddenly felt harder for him to breathe, all the words he tried to say were dying on then tip of his tongue. He suddenly felt so dirty, so used, vomit escaped his lips again but he didn’t dare let the tears escape. The waiter from the day before watched him in disgust, Tony ignored it and continued.
Steve gave a charming smile as he closed the blinds. “That’s the best I can do”
“What?” Steve questioned hoping more than anything that the beautiful creature I front of him would respond. Instead he looked at Steve with big brown eyes that held innocence that resembled Bambi.
The diner stayed quite, the only thing occupying Steve was the horrid gossip channel replying the same video of a singer throwing coconuts from her balcony on the paparazzi and the cats in the alley on the security camera.
“It is no that that I worry about, Howard is in a rage” it was then that Rhodey realized Jarvis was whispering. “I ask you Mr. Rhodes please keep an eye on Sir. I will take care of the rest.”
“Just a little bit” Jarvis held back his laughter. “But he hardly noticed” Tony sighed licking his spoon.
“Yeah and he always stares at me like he’s gonna stab me in my sleep” Bruce agreed.
“Mmhm” Steve smiled as Bucky left.
“Rhodey I-” Tony struggled to explain , his throat feeling dry. Every part of him wanted to tell Rhodey all the terrors he’s endured but he knew he shouldn’t. So instead he did what he did best, fake it. He just couldn’t bring himself to seem weak, scratch that he couldn’t be weak. He ignored the emotion despertly trying to escape his lips, “I don’t- it’s really not a big deal Rhodey“
“The second is that I am working on some new… tech if you will, and I need a more stronger power source than I currently have.” He began walking towards Tony, “That is where you come in.” He said, tapping Tony’s arc reactor. “I am going to connect my machines to your arc reactor and take its energy, which will be extremely painful.” He added smiling, “Then after you power my machines, the world will have no need for Stark Tech and neither will I. You will be replaced in the technology business and no one will remember you.” He smiled, “So then I’ll hand you over to an associate of mine who will decide what he wants to do with you.” He smiled, “You can come in now.” He said into a walkie he picked up.
Tony only scoffed and rolled his eyes at his AI that sometimes he couldn’t believe he had created.
Besides the nervousness all he felt was happiness, he was about to become one with the person he absolutely adored. One look at Steve’s beautiful smile, and all the nervousness was out the window.
“Oh. Well is it urgent? Does it involve the Avengers?” Tony asked seriously.
“Cool, maybe we can go later at night, I know a few places that are upscale and discreet or we could just shop online if you want-have Jarvis combine our tastes and organize our best options.”
Tony finally let it all out, the devastation, the frustration, the relief and love. He cried his heart out and Steve was there to hold him through it all. He let Tony fall only to be there to catch him. A solid reassurance of love.
“Yes Sir.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rhodey just rolled his eyes in reply, “Haha very funny Tones,” then he added, “Also, I knew because Pepper told me. We’ve been talking regularly, she keeps me updated on everything. I’m actually supposed to tell you to behave please. Things have been… complicated lately haven’t they?”
He cried out when he realized that he had been kidnapped and that he had no idea if the other Avengers were okay.
Well, fuck. So much for getting out.
“Okay.” He choked out, handing Tony over and placing him in Thor's arms.
“Just do it please.”
“That bad?” Asked Steve
“I am nice.” Tony said as he rubbed a particular large knot out of Steve’s back.
Tony breathed heavily and glared at Donald with a look that could kill.
“I would love to Tony.” Steve smiled.
Could you blame him? These past two weeks he had pretty much been a slave and couldn’t even walk or move when he wanted. The whole ordeal was becoming infuriating. He was Iron Man, he was supposed to be strong!
They all wrapped Tony in one giant hug, looking like one massive clump. Hugs were interesting with a super soldier, a hulk and a God in the mix.
“Tony tony relax, I’m not mad.” Steve said, placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders, cutting off the downhill rambling, “I definitely don’t think that that’s why you asked me to move in. I know you aren’t like that and I never will think that.” Tony Immediately relaxed. “I was going to ask you about the same thing, I really want to be closer with you. I would love to, tonight or any other night.” Steve said, cupping Tony’s face and kissing him deeply.
He would spend more time with Steve, the idea of a press conference now seemed like a cake walk. He would spend more time with his family, take them on vacations. He would invent more but also sleep more. He would be more healthy because life is too precious for other nonsense.
Steve just smiled as he pulled Tony by the hand, “Come on, Tony it’s not that much further”
“Hey.” Steve said, “Why don’t we get out of here? I have an idea.”
“Where’s Stark?” Clint asked.
“Thanks guys.” Tony said, then stuck his tongue out to Natasha who rolled her eyes.
Tony’s eyes looks suspiciously shiny, “Same here… I’ve never felt so happy and…right. Especially with the stuff about the arc reactor. There is no one else like you Steve.” Tony said, reaching to cup his face. “You’re perfect.”
“Uh oh, I guess I better give up now before I have a fight on my hands.” Steve played along.
After about an hour or so of Tony being an angel of massaging Steve and talking to him, Tony said there was something he wanted to show Steve.
“Wait, please tell me someone has a picture!” Tony asked excitedly.
He had been in the workshop for about an hour, working on upgrading Steve’s suit when Jarvis interrupted him,
After Steve helped a disgruntled Tony clean up, he managed to win Tony a plush Iron Man toy by hitting the high striker as far as it could go.
“Thanks, Tony.”
“MoMA?” Steve asked confused, “What’s that?”
The man on the floor coughed, blood spluttered out of his mouth. Steve turned to look him over. “Are you al-“ he stopped his sentence midway realizing just who the man on the floor was. The man on the floor was Anthony Stark, he was a lot smaller in person especially when he wasn’t surrounded by multiple people boosting his ego.
Natasha stormed her way to Steve’s apartment, her cheeks almost as red as her hair as she boiled with anger. She held the usb tightly in her hand and gritted her teeth as she approached the building she noticed two young men sitting infront arguing. She slowly walked by, looking them both up and down.
“Well I mean the tabloids portray all of you as emotionless voids I guess” Steve responds gently rubbing ointment on the cuts.
“They took it” Tony’s voice broke, tears sleeping.
“Two vodkas on the rocks please” She turned and smiled at Tony. “Thanks for the drink” To be honest Tony was used to girls throwing themselves at him. Not to sound conceited, but girls came with the whole ‘billionaire’ title.
“No it's fine I’ve been through worse” The guilt still ate at Tony, so much for driving being his only escape.
Tony walked into a small diner his head pounding from his wild night before. He sat himself in a booth and pulled his baseball cap lower hoping no one would recognize him and blame him for one of the many wars taking place. Despite effort to avoid anything remotely related to well, himself, Tony saw a video of him taking continuous shot last night and it looked like someone he considered a friend recorded it. He acted as if he didn’t notice the whispers about him and his horrid last name, but they were hard to avoid as multiple videos of him being stupid continued.
“Yeah Thor I know I’m talking about my phone. I gave it to you in the taxi?” Thor gave Bruce a look that could only be read as ‘oops’. “Aw come on man how are we going to get it now?” They both stared at the locked apartment. Getting to Tony really never is easy.
Before Peter could say ‘what the fuck’ the glowing thing flew out of his hands and sky rocketed to the closed door. It was clearly trying to escape Peter, but what was it? Peter’s heart was still racing a mile a minute as he sprinted across the room, trying to catch just a glimpse of this glowing phenomenon.
“Calm thy tits” Rhodey popped up from behind them. He smiled at them before taking a seat beside Loki, who was flipping through the magazine like it had the secret b to a happy life in it.  “The nurse said he should be free to check out in half an hour. We can just go through the back there shouldn’t be any paparazzi. We just gotta take care of all the hospital bills and then we’re outta here” Thor and Bruce nodded, relaxed. Rhodey somehow always knows how to fix everything
He scratched the back of his head awkwardly, “Listen I’m really sorry, do you need to go to the hospital I can pay for everything”
“Sorry Tony I had to” Bruce rubbed the back of his neck, as Thor and Loki bickered in the front. Tony blinked through his long lashes, confused. “Oh thank God” he blinked again giving a small smile before his eyes rolled back again for what felt like the millionth time.
“Okay okay relax!” Clint responded exasperated, Nat and Steve bit back a giggle. They looked for the nearest zoo worker and asked where this magical creature would be located.
“Tony, Tony Stark” Tony responded quickly his drink burned down his throat. He felt funny afterwards but brushed it off.
He sat alone in a booth putting his head down before he glanced around the room just one more time. He sipped the bitter sweet coffee allowing the flavors to dance on his tongue, filling his body with the familiar happiness that was caffeine.
“So uh being a millionaire how is that?” Steve tried to fill the silence but geez could he sound anymore dumb? “I mean not that that’s a talent but like I guess I’m trying to say that-“
“Good night dad” he smiled gently and left
“Peter is there something your not telling me?”  Peter couldn’t tell his dad what was happening at school, after everything that’s happening with Steve it would only stress him out more, and that’s not what Steve needs right now. Steve parked the car and looked at Peter, putting his arm around him. “Peter you know you can tell me anything right?”
“Sorry Tony” Bruce took his hand and imagined Tonys as someone that made the hair on the back of his neck curl from fear and smack Tony. That’ll definitely leave a mark. Tony shot up quickly his hair flying in every direction.
“If you say so cap” Steve smiled warmly pulling Peter into a a hug and unlocked the apartment door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Completely” he mumbled whilst wiping the counter down. The kid never took responsibility for anything and boy did it drive Steve mad. Anthony Stark crashes his car into your house? No worries Daddy will take care of it.  Stark killed your dog? No problem Daddy will take care of it. It was always like that with the spoiled rich kid and that only caused Steve to hate him.
“Tony is everything alright?” Thor’s normally booming voice sounded soft and gentle for the first time ever. Tony looked up with a fake grin
“I’ll take care of the security footage, just go” Steve nodded again carrying the genius in an attempt to make it look like he wasn't dragging a dead body to his apartment. Steve lived near the diner, he walked as quick as he could, hisbreathe shortened from carrying his body and slightly jogging. He knew Bucky was at some 24 hour coffee shop with wifi so he didn't have to worry about him asking a hundred and one questions. He searched in his pocket for his keys holding Stark with arm and breathing heavily.
“Tony were they the ones in the video? Oh god Tones” Rhodey could feel his heart being ripped from his chest. Rhodes was going to hurt some people so help him God.
“Tony”
He poored the coffee and decided on giving the customer some toast and honey to help with the obvious hangover, it wouldn’t kill Steve to be nice once in a while.
Suddenly Tony jerked awake a warm hand on his shoulder, this wasn’t like the others. He still flinched away the movement causing his brain to do a 360 and before he knew it a bucket was placed Infront of him and he was vomiting yesterday’s toast.
“I’d like to think it taste better there, do you speak Italian?” Tony blushed at this.
Tony laid back on the bed, even more dejected than before. He sighed and ran his hand over his face, he really couldn’t wait to get home.
His last thought was that he should’ve just gone to bed with Steve.
“You know what would help me? If there was someone making some bacon.” Said Clint rather grumpily while walking into the kitchen yawning.
Tony was temporarily stunned by Steve, he was beautiful and perfect and all his. He ran a hand over Steve’s chest, exploring. The he cupped Steve’s face and Steve closed his eyes, leaning into the touch. Tony kissed Steve’s collar bone and throat then his mouth.
“I know babe, but Fury called and said that it had to do with Hydra. It’s not dangerous, I’m just going to find information that they may have left behind. Fury wants me to go because he doesn’t want to let anything get out.”
“At once.” Thor said and the flew off.
“Jarvis you’re such a traitor! Remind me to reprogram you tomorrow.”
They had been working on the serum for two hours before Bruce finished. And yes, it only took two hours because Steve and Bruce combined were brilliant.
“He went down in the lab as soon as you left.” Natasha explained.
“Masks or not, I know I would die for my brother of Iron.” Thor said putting a hand to his chest. The rest of the Avengers all agreed they would do the same.
Thor and Steve bonded in those weeks, they went out sightseeing in New York. Thor was very fun to hangout with and he was a hilarious tourist. They went to restaurants and saw new sights together. Steve wished Tony could be there but he would be home soon enough.
They kept on talking until Jarvis interrupted, “Captain, you asked me to alert you when Ms. Romanoff and Mr. Barton arrived back from the mission.”
“Shit! Jarvis!”
Steve Immediately ran to Bruce, “You need more blood right.”
So why didn’t anything hurt? Probably the medication, he concluded. And with that he began to stir.
“Oh hey Tony, what’s up?” Steve asked as he closed his sketchbook.
Tony woke with a groan and a pounding headache. Damn what had he done last night? It was strange because ever since he was with Steve he had stopped drinking, so the consumption of alcohol couldn’t explain the pain in his head.
“Hey now it’s not all doom and gloom. I get to help people now, and hey Stark tower is an upgrade from my old Brooklyn home don’t ya think?”
“It’s good to have you back man.” He said as he squeezed him tight. Tony closed his eyes and reveled in feeling his friend there.
“Ew Tony, stop hitting on poor Bruce.” Clint gagged.
“None of that, Tony.” Steve said, “We don’t deserve you, you’re one of the most giving people I know and you do so much without expecting anything back. God you saved all of us.” Steve said, voice full of wonder, “I’m the lucky one here, the world doesn’t deserve you.” He said, holding Tony close and running his fingers through the other man's hair.
Only then did Tony did allow himself to moan out in pain and ball his hands into fists. He took one look at his stomach and became extremely upset right away. He knew that cut would scar, and Justin had no problems driving the knife in deep. Tony had tried his hardest not to scream but it was so hard. Justin marked him forever and he knew this was just the beginning.
“No it’s okay, your plan sounds perfect.” Tony said, happily.
“Wow.” Tony scoffed, “You and Rhodey really seem to be on the same page.” Crossing his arms over his chest, “Because he feels the exact same way, that I’m not worthy of leading the Avengers.”
“Sir your heart rate is increased too much for such little time, do you need me to alert someone for assistance?”
They kissed passionately until they both fell asleep together.
“I have to warn you though.” He said, in fake seriousness, “This weapon will be the longest yet in terms of powering. And it’s larger than the rest so it will be more painful than the others.” He smiled.
Tony looked down, smiling shyly, “Yeah, yeah. It’s no-”
“Okay.” Steve said, “Avengers, listen up.” He said turning to the group, “Thor and I will work on damaging the robot. Stark I need you to find a way to hack into the robot and disable the bomb and Clint and Natasha I need you to clear civilians.”
“I’ve been really good lately. Things with the team have been great. Wait how did you know I’m here? Aren’t you usually away on some super secret mission?”
After this it became somewhat of a thing, Steve or Tony would let the other know when they couldn’t sleep. It could be at any obscure hour of the night, but they would always help distract each other until they fell asleep.
“Well maybe it’s just time to explain why you’re right.” smiled Steve.
At this point many people were beginning to watch the exchange so Steve acted fast.
“That’s awful Tony, I’m sorry. So you got to spend the holidays with Jarvis from there on out, some good came out of the bad.” Steve smiled.
“No.” Steve said vehemently.
“Mmkay.”
“Steve…” Tony said, eyes gone suspiciously wet. “I don’t… Thank you.” He said and pulled Steve in again, gripping his hair in his hands.
“Hey.” Said Tony grumpily.
“That doesn’t matter! I’m supposed to be the first to know, especially if it involves the Avengers. It’s your job to tell me.” Tony tried not to yell.
“Come to bed with me?” Steve asked, cupping Tony’s face.
Well… that had totally gone to shit. Tony just tried to breathe in and out and will the tears not to come. It was ridiculous to want to cry over some stupid argument but it wasn’t fun to have someone point out your insecurities and use them against you. Much less have them voiced by a close friend.
“Tony?” Steve asked confused and concerned.
Natasha walked up to Steve, gripping his shoulders, “Chin up, soldier. It’s not over yet.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrists as Steve said, “You feel that? It’s my heartbeat Tony and we are going to get yours to match mine. In order to do that I need you to help me and breathe with me.”
All throughout the never ending blows Hammer would throw insults and make lewd comments about him and Steve. It was horrible. All he could do was sit there and listen.
The theory of having a Gala with the Avengers might seem like a good one, in practice Tony was realizing that he was becoming more and more nervous at the thought.
So this chapter is a bit longer and I hope you guys like! Clint and Thor are back and next chapter we might see Tony and Steve get a bit more closer ;)
“I can think of a few ways to pay you back.” Tony winked.
“God you’re such a child.” Tony complained.
He was eating some chips when Clint came and sat next to him.
“Bruce? Steve? Is Tony awake?” Clint asked.
Steve took these weeks, mostly to wallow, but also realize just how important Tony and his family have become to him. Part of him was still stuck in the past, however these two weeks had been the complete opposite. These two weeks he had been mourning his future and realized how much he took it for granted. He realized it too late, his future was with Tony and the Avengers. But now he had a second chance.
Tony didn’t reply and that was all the confirmation Steve needed. He was about to march over to Fury himself and show him the wrath of Captain America when Tony stopped him and grabbed his arm,
“How did you know that?” Tony asked, tense.
“Wow seriously? I thought you and the Hulk were getting along better?” Steve frowned.
Tony immediately tensed, out of fear of his friends reaction and out of Steve possibly not wanting them to know.
“Shut it, Rogers.”
“Of course I would never leave you to the wolves, you’d get eaten birdbrain.” Natasha retorted.
Tony was completely terrified, he had never experienced anything like this. He wasn’t sure if he could take it, he needed Steve so badly.
The Avengers Immediately went to SHIELD to tell Fury of their missing family member.
One night Steve and Thor bake a triple layer  chocolate cake for everyone to eat at 2 am… or more like they attempt and Bruce rescues them.
Steve wanted to tell them about the conversation he overheard with Pepper. He wanted them to understand the kind of stress Tony was dealing with.
“Tony hold my wrists please.” Steve said gently.
“Of course.” She said, “Does he have any empty warehouses or anything in his name or family that’s empty land.”
Natasha was playing the ring toss game and Tony made the mistake of betting that she wouldn’t win. “Perfect aim is Birdbrain’s thing!” He claimed, confident.
“I’m sorry Thor, I know you must’ve been through a lot.” Steve said sadly. Then he smiled mischievously “Hey how's about you and me try to bake a cake together?”
“Not now, I’m sorry.” Bruce said apologetically.
He rolled out of bed with a groan and quickly got ready. The faster he was ready, the less likely Pepper was to get mad at him. Although with the way things were going, it couldn’t get much worse.
“Brother this is amazing! A fine piece of art that will be treasured for the rest of my days.” He said then have him a huge hug.
He went to the living room and was about to ask Jarvis if Steve was awake when he saw Steve talking to Clint.
“I love you too Tony...was amazing.” Steve mumbled out.
Tony opened his eyes at that, this couldn’t be good.
Tony tried to picture Steve again, if these were his last few moments then he wanted to see Steve before it was all over.
They ended up getting takeout from an old Thai place, but before they ate Steve made Tony “Hike 50 miles through the wilderness to Steve’s favorite tree.” -Tony’s words, not his.
“Sir you have successfully finished the stabilizer. You are already tired from the training session, perhaps it is a good time for you to get some rest.”
“Yeah,” Clint said, growing excited, “What if we give Tony some of Steve’s blood to help heal his heart, he’s a super soldier and one of his powers is super healing!”
They sat with their legs close again, despite the abundance of room, before they finally made it to the museum.
“Sir you programmed me to assist you, I was simply trying to aid your health” the AI responded rather sassily.
“Do you want me to… help you out with that?” Tony asked.
Everyone looked a mix of astonished and appropriately awed. That is, until a loud and large lightning bolt struck right outside the building.
Steve grabbed Tony’s face and pressed his lips to his forehead.
“Wait.” Natasha said, “Bruce you made a serum compatible with yourself from Steve’s blood.”
“Do we have to talk now?” Tony asked “We were about to do a training exercise for the team.”
“Haha very funny.” He said, although he was growing hard again.
“Okay so obviously we need to build a bigger closet because we need to get you a whole new wardrobe.” Tony declared with finality.
“Yeah, yeah Jarvis, I don’t need an ‘I told you so’.” Tony sniffled.
“Good riddance.” Steve said, with so much hate in his voice. Tony’s blood ran cold.
“Oh Tony I know. It’s real to me too, besides I never put too much stock in the media.” He said, smiling.
“So just out of curiosity… your drawing, it looked like the inside of an old house. Was that your old home?” Tony asked hesitantly.
“Thanks, Cap.” Bruce said, “But don’t sell yourself short either, you’re brilliant.”
“You sure?” Tony asked, brown eyes filled with hope.
“Best two weeks ever.” Clint said.
“Okay good now let’s get this done.”
I had fun writing this chapter. Hope you guys like it!
“Oh darn it! You figured me out.” Steve said face palming, “Now I have to go to Fury and come clean.”
The whole room erupted into laughs and applause.
In that moment they both understood the gravity of the situation. They were meant to be together and they were finally one. They locked eyes, looking at each other with such adoration
“Thor, buddy I need your help now!” Tony shouted, “This one has Steve!”
Steve kissed back and then pulled off Tony’s shirt and boxers and Tony did the same for him.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” Tony said, before he could stop himself.
“Being co-leader.” She said, “Did Steve really approve of that?” Pepper asked, emphasizing Steve’s name.
Tony laughed, “Nah he wouldn’t want to lose his Golden boy.” Then in a quieter voice he added, “Besides if you left, we’d all just follow you-I mean I would at least.”
He schooled his expression when he heard the door open. It was only Donald this time, much to his relief.
“The serum, disintegrated-for lack of a better word-the shrapnel in your heart. And your heart is stronger than ever. But we didn’t want to take the arc out without your consent and we didn’t want to do anything to deter your healing.”
Steve took Tony on his motorcycle to his old home in Brooklyn.
“Mmm Tony, what about-”
“Glad to be of service.”
Tony grabbed Steve around the shoulders and wrapped him in a hug.
And Tony did seem to be genuine.
“I didn’t know that you built them tech Tony, I thought SHIELD or Fury did that.” Pepper said. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Popcorn will be ready in a few.” Tony said, “You can go sit.” Tony told Steve, smiling.
“It’s good to see you…” Tony said, hesitantly, “I’m sorry about before.”
“Jarvis run everything we know about him now.” Steve commanded, “Maybe there’s some footage or a clue we could find.”
“Oh and Bruce you’re on standby, if worse comes to worse, we will call a code green. But for now just try and help Tony figure out the bomb from base.”
Steve was so happy that Tony agreed to go out with him. He half expected the man to go hideout in his workshop. He quickly figured out that his excitement wasn’t just coming from taking a friend out, he knew he had feelings for Tony but he didn’t want to mess up their friendship.
“What?” Tony asked shocked.
Steve stiffened in surprised and Tony panicked, horrified that he overstepped. As he started to back away Steve relaxed and tightened his arms, wrapping Tony in a bear hug.
The Avengers were loading up he quinjet with weapons, first aid and anything else they may need.
“Tony.” Steve said in a warning tone.
Steve hurridley stood up, “I’m sorry Tony… I have to go.” He said as he sprinted out of the room.
“You uh, look great Steve.” said Tony before quickly looking away “And as for the rest of ya, maybe we should stop defending the world and take up modeling.” Tony said in perfect Stark bravado.
“What do you mean you had to hide who you were?” Tony asked instantly curious.
There are a few nights where they all huddle together in one massive clump, having  sleepover in the living room of the tower.
“Oh yeah that was me, Tony, I was a real drama queen who needed the spotlight at all times.” Steve said sassily.
That night after the training session Steve and the rest of the Avengers-bar one Tony Stark-were in the common room.
They both moaned out at the sensation of joining. Tony clenched and unclenched around him, adjusting. Then, they grabbed both hands and held each other tight.
“I’m sorry what was that?” Hammer asked.
“Of course not captain!” The AI sounded scandalized and Steve just laughed.
Steve sighed in frustration, running a hand through his hair.
“Hey now don’t be rude Clint. Keep that up and you’ll be locked out of this tower to fend for yourself.” Wanted Natasha who had just walked in.
They were a few minutes out from the tower and all they wanted was to see Tony.
“So on a scale from one to Loki, how disastrous do you think this night will go?” asked Happy, smirking. He obviously sensed Tony’s nervousness.
“Hey Honey Bunch! How are you doing?”
After a few hours of moving stuff in and out of boxes they finally were finished. The penthouse was now a mix of Tony’s extravagant design and Steve’s softer homey touches. Many of Steve’s paintings decorated the walls. Tony also had Jarvis print out a bunch of photos of him and Steve as well as the team together to decorate around their room.
They both laughed.
“No it’s okay,” Pepper said. “Look I don’t know what Tony has told you but the long and short of it is that we need him to be more responsible and he feels as if he can act out however he wants.”
“Are you sure this was a smart move? Why aren’t you guys thinking? We all are the faces of the Avengers and we can’t be out there doing stupid stuff!” He said looking a mix or stressed and….hurt...?
“Clint, we don’t know how this will work.” Bruce said, however there was a slight smile threatening to appear.
“I for one am very happy for my Brother of Iron and our dear Captain.” Thor interjected happily.
“Did you now?” Steve butted in, smirking at Tony.
“God, you’re such a tease.”
After an hour or so, Tony barely held onto consciousness. He felt like he was dying. Breathing became harder and his breaths were more shallow. He didn’t know how Hammer thought he was going to last another day if he kept this up.
The AI stayed silent after that, he knew that was the closest thing to an admission as he was going to get.
He wondered where things went so wrong.
“I can’t wait to see what cool powers I have!” Tony boasted. “Do you think I will be able to shoot lasers from my eyes?”
Steve continued to kiss Tony, loving the prick of Tony’s stubble on his face, and the sweet taste of his lips. He pulled away only to nip at Tony’s neck and then peck his cheeks.
“Wow, well who would’ve thought.” Rhodey said smiling.
His breath caught when he felt his foot hit a hard rock. The road they were walking on was dirt but then he felt cement.
“Who knew Tony Stark doesn’t have the fashion sense of….well Tony Stark.” Steve teased.
“Oh we barely survived without you Thor.” Clint replied dramatically.
It was the only thing that got him through the torture.
After a few minutes of holding each other, Steve spoke up. “So I was thinking,” Steve said as he ran a hand up and down Tony’s back soothingly, “That since you’ve had such a rough day, I could make you your favorite: cheeseburgers.” Steve smiled.
Tony had accidentally fallen asleep with Steve on the couch last night. He had to admit that it was really nice talking with Steve, he had even managed to surprise himself-what did he expect? He was Tony Stark-by opening up to him. It was unexpectedly easy to talk to the man, Steve was very different from Captain America who commanded them on the field.
“In a bit, I have one last thing to finish down here for SI and then I’m done.”
“Are you sure you want this…with me?” Tony asked, looking ashamed, “I understand if you don’t, I mean I’m me and you’re captain America, you deserve the best.”
“Yes don’t worry, he’s well.” Natasha said, “He told me to tell you that he would have contacted you but the mission is sensitive. The only reason he was able to contact me is because we have… means of keeping tabs on each other.”
Steve sat down on the couch and Tony quickly sat down next to him. Steve was surprised… there was a lot of room on the couch. They locked eyes quickly before looking away. Bruce sat next to Thor and they all decided to watch a Disney movie in order to “culturally educate” Steve and Thor.
“We are not sure, but time is of the essence. We have agents on every lead.”
“What? Why?” Tony asked confused, he must have missed something.
“They will find me!” Tony shouted, “They’re smart, they will figure it out! You’re an idiot and so is Donald. That’s why you hate me right? You knew that I knew you were never good enough or smart enough.” Tony sassed.
Steve always tries to do his best to be the leader. He was luckily enough to cheat death, when all of his family had to die, he was the one who woke up with a new life. Steve refuses to take that for granted, he needs to save lives and be the best leader he can be.
“Brucie Bear, I got you some Japanese pottery with Jindai-Zakura, their oldest cherry tree painted on it. But the base is lined with gold.”
“That would be great Tony!” Steve said excitedly. “But Thor is a good tourist buddy.” He said smiling.
“It already is.” Steve said, pulling Tony to him  by the waist, “But yes I’d love to go shopping with you.”
“Yes, love. I promise I’m here, I’m real. I love you and we got you. Just hold on for a little bit longer and we will fix you up.” He said as he got the last cuff off Tony’s hand. “Don’t worry love you’re coming home.” He said thickly as his own tears fell down his cheeks, his expression hardened when he saw all of Tony’s injuries. But mostly Tony could only see love and relief.
“Iron Man, status!”
After they had managed to somewhat clear the park of mud Thor and Steve were laughing hysterically at what just happened. Even Steve has a sense of humor, at it was nice to make memories with his new family.
“That’s just jealousy speaking, birdbrain.”
Tony just looked at him surprised, he didn’t expect Steve to think of him as partner or an equal for that matter.
“We have done a pretty shitty job of showing how grateful we are.” Said Natasha.
“Shit!” He heard Clint shout over the comms.
Tony just crossed his arms and muttered into Steve’s side.
The pain was completely unbearable, he felt as if someone was sucking the life out of him and shocking him with the most intense electricity all at the same time. He couldn’t hold back his screams then.
“I guess it is.” Steve said, “Now we can say ‘good morning’ and ‘goodnight’ together everyday.”
He was shaken from his thoughts when Clint said they landed.
Tony couldn’t remember a time when he had company like this in the workshop and on top of that, Steve genuinely seemed to like Tony. They were quickly becoming friends and started to learn new things about each other.
“I managed to kill one of them.” Tony rushed out.
“Okay I need you all to save all the questions for after so I can explain.” Bruce said.
Donald looked a mix of humiliated an terrified, which was an excellent look on him if Tony did say so himself.
“Sure Steve, what’s up?”
“Hmmm sounds like he’s doing just fine then.” Steve smiled, deciding not to question Natasha about her ability to check in, “I like knowing he’s okay.”
“Tony? What’s wrong are you okay?” He said grabbing his shoulders.
He wanted to cry and scream from the fight but also from the stress and the fear of losing everyone he loved, he already lost two of his oldest friends.
This is basically a whole bunch of fluff, hope you like!
“It would be my pleasure to sir.” The AI responded with fake innocence.
“No no, it’s nothing like that, it’s…. personal I guess.” Steve said looking away.
Now he was in the most amazing relationship of his life and he wanted it to be perfect. He couldn’t mess this up or he wouldn’t forgive himself.
“You look like you could use some whipped cream with that.” Steve tried to joke, but it just fell flat.
Now it felt as if the quinjet was going in slow motion.
Natasha and Clint also hated not having their resident genius. Natasha would go to lab when she couldn’t sleep, and Clint missed having someone to prank or at least that’s what he claimed.
Steve couldn’t wait to see Tony, he had a hard time believing that last night happened. He got a big stupid smile on his face every time he thought about it. He couldn’t wait to have proper dates with Tony and be in a relationship with a man her really cared about and even loved.
“Well that’s all fine Tony. Just good luck with all those meetings.” Steve grimaced. “Where will you be going?”
They kissed once before Steve left Tony to his work.
“Cap you don’t have to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders.” She said kindly, “I see the way you blame yourself if a mission goes wrong. You are responsible for leading us but you are not responsible for our every waking moment, or our actions.”
They kissed for a full minute before Steve pulled away, “Tony that was the most beautiful music I’ve ever heard in my life. It was incredible and I wish I could give you something half as good, because you deserve it. God I loved it, how could I not?”
“It’s okay Tony, it’s normal.” Steve sighed “You care about us and we care about you so if course you are gonna worry.”
Just as he was about to insert himself in the conversation, Donald-an asshat who Tony had to play nice with-came up to him.
“Thor! Go inside and help Clint and Natasha to safety now!”
Tony had no idea what to make of that, “Okay… well just give me a few more minutes down here to finish up and then I’ll meet you upstairs.”
“I just wanted you to know.” Tony said, half awkwardly, “Of course I can come back in case of an emergency.”
“Yup, even the Tony Stark has debts he has to pay.”
“Wait a minute, the last time I went to SHIELD I noticed they had Stark tech.” He said realization dawning, “Does he demand you make tech for him? Does he pressure you with the threat of being kicked off?” His question was practically rhetorical.
“Thank you.”
“It’s okay guys, just thanks.” Tony said looking down, he still hadn’t completely recovered from the battle.
They both broke into a fit of giggles and then Tony launched himself into Steve’s lap, kissing Steve all over his face. “Go on another date with me?” Tony asked shyly, as if he was  uncertain if Steve would agree.
“Yes, it was used in many battles by one of my most beloved comrades. It seemed appropriate that you should have it as our leader.” He said seriously.
A week after blissful living in the tower-a week that included Tony taking Steve and Thor to several secluded areas of New York; as well as a trip to First Friday where Steve and Thor tried everything every food truck had to offer-it was unfortunately necessary for the Avengers to step in for a mission.
“What… how…why?”
“Yes Sir, they are still at the beginning of the first Lord of the Rings movie. Glad to see you will be joining them.” The AI sounded way too pleased with himself.
Assuming he had a chance of getting out and those recordings were fake.
“Oh my god it’s Thor isn’t it??” Clint exclaimed.
“Don’t worry, Steve. We will find him, he means too much to all of us.” Bruce said kindly, grabbing his arm.
“God you’re such a sap.” Tony accused, however he all but melted into Steve and wrapped his arms gently around him.
“Come here.” Steve said, pulling Tony against his side.
Then, Donald began hooking up the wires to Tony’s arc reactor. One wire went on the reactor itself and then the other, into the skin next to it.
“Tony you are a hero. There is no denying that. Sure you made mistakes before in the past, but so has every member of this team. A hero is not someone who’s perfect, a hero is someone who became something more.” Steve looked down and took a deep breath, “I can’t comprehend why you look down on yourself so much, but I’m telling you, you turned your life around, you saved us all. Tony Stark is a hero.” Steve smiled.
“Tonight.”
Tony began to rub his back and massage all the tension away. “Thanks Tone, that feels amazing.”
“Jarvis I need you to monitor Tony now, tell us if we need to do anything else.”
“So… I saw the news, you guys made headlines tonight.” He said crossing his arms.
Tony just grumbled in response and got up, smiling softly at Steve. Steve just led him out and followed him to his room to make sure Tony was actually going to bed.
Tony just sat and uttered out “Yeah...I’ll see you later.” He didn’t expect things with Steve to go so well.
Oh god his arc reactor. What was he going to do, he knew there was damage.
“Is it about the Hulk?” Natasha asked, “I’ve tried talking to him but he seems very light lipped about it.”
“And you love it.”
They both smiled at each other until Steve pulled Tony onto him. So the other man was lying on top of him, back to chest. Steve rubbed at Tony’s back, massaging him. Tony nuzzled into the touch and sighed contentedly.
“You’re wrong.” Tony whispered.
Steve pulled Bruce aside, “I’m sorry Bruce but this is going to be a code green. We’re already two men down and from the looks of it, the aliens have done some serious damage.”
“Director,” Steve said, by the tone of his voice, Fury could tell he was speaking to Captain America, “We need to talk to you about Stark.”
“I think that would be a great idea.” Steve said smiling softly.
“I think someone took him.” Said Bruce.
Hammer eventually stopped and Tony took stock of his body. He was bleeding all over from the whip, his body was bruising horribly from where Hammer had hit him and his rib hurt terribly. He could barely breathe because Hammer had been brutal.
“I know it’s hard to believe, but we did exist back then too.” Steve smiled “And I know people would like to think of Captain America as a straight man but I can’t help who I am. I met too many amazing men during the war, I quickly figured out I wasn’t limited to gender.”
Steve ran over to where Tony sat.
“Hey guys,” Steve said unsure of how to breach the subject
“Sorry, I’ll try better next time.” Steve replied dryly.
Steve smile just grew, “Think of it as a peace offering...or an apology for what happened yesterday.”
Once the movie ended Steve and Tony were practically curled into each other.
“Guess we will have to tell Fury the ‘unfortunate’ news.” Thor laughed.
“Oh come on Tony let us hear you.” Justin said, patting his face.
He saw Clint flying a quinjet straight towards them with a joyous looking Thor standing on top, lifting his hammer into the air laughing.
At this point Tony just walked away, muttering “Well nice to see you too and I’ll see you in two weeks, I guess.”
“Turn to the next one.” Natasha said gently
He quickly shook himself out of those thoughts and decided to check his phone. He frowned in surprise when he saw that he had an email from Pepper Potts that said all of the Avengers were supposed to attend some big Gala in the middle of New York.
Steve sighed, “Look Tony I’m not trying to be ungrateful here, I know you want to help me.” Steve said, reaching out grabbing Tony’s hands, “I just need to move a bit more slowly, I don’t want to change the way I look right away. But I’m definitely open to maybe a few shopping trips.” Steve finished smiling.
“Jarvis you traitor!”
“Shit.”
Both Bruce and Clint winced.
He woke up with a groan, he knew that since he was awake they would use the arc reactor again.
“What happened, I thought you were sweet on him.” Clint scoffed.
Tony broke free of the kiss to catch his breath and then nipped at Steve’s neck. Planting kisses all over the other man. Steve chuckled and then took Tony’s hand in his and raised it to his mouth to kiss.
Tony smiled shyly, “Well I’m glad that went well because there’s something I want to ask you.”
Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist, leaning into his side, and then asked, “So where are we going?”
“Oh that’s in support of LGTB community. Basically the artist supports Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgenders. They are showing their support for people to love who they want, no matter who they are.” Tony said nervously, he didn’t know Steve’s stance on the matter, but considering when he was born he imagined it wouldn’t be good.
Steve glanced at Tony and he was just frowning and staring at the counter like it was the most interesting thing in the world. Natasha was staring at Tony, smiling like she knew something.
Steve just smiled, so thankful for his friend. It felt nice and scary. Lately they had been bonding and the team was a family, he was afraid he’d lose his second one.
“It’s okay brother Anthony,” Thor said, in the most gentle voice Steve ever heard Thor use, “I am taking you to safety now.” He said running a hand through his hair.
“Yeah who knew the God of Thunder was such a softie.” Clint teased.
When it finally worked Tony looked up at Steve but quickly looked away in shame and embarrassment.
“Rhodey!” Tony said, Immediately going to hug his friend. Yes they had fought, but he was still one of Tony’s oldest friends.
Everyone laughed for the next ten minutes straight.
Steve was inwardly pleased. He was glad his team saw Tony the way he did.
“Sorry but not sorry, Tony.” He said patting his head, “You're to stay like this until the weapons are powered.” He said glancing at the camera, “And that’s going to be a while.”
“Wait why wasn’t I notified?” Tony asked, “I am to be alerted about any SI business first.” He said angrily.
Steve pulled away and began to kiss Tony’s neck and Tony giggled.
“So you two are…. together?” Rhodey asked.
“He isn’t in the tower.” Thor said.
The team was upset and devastated to say the least. They all had different ways of coping but they needed each other for this, they lost one of their own. However that didn’t stop them all from having their mini breakdowns in private.
“Well good, because I’m with you one hundred percent, always.” Tony leaned in and kissed him.
“Is there any reason entering your workshop is like trying to break into Fort Knox?”
Tony screamed as he felt his rib eventually give and bend inside him. He couldn’t stop the tears that fell as the pain exploded.
This is the beginning of some serious Tony whump. If you’re caught up you know he gets kidnapped. Warnings for waterboarding, arc reactor torture and violence with a knife. If this is triggering then please skip it. For those who don’t want to read I’ll include notes at the bottom of what specifically happened. I know arc reactor whump has been used before but I really wanted to include it here, also it will be important for later. Don’t worry! I know things seem bad but they won’t stay that way for long! And to the rest who do read, I hope you enjoy.
Later that evening the team was in the middle of an intense poker match. Well, some of them were heavily invested (Clint and Thor). Tony opted out of playing, stating that none of them could afford to play against him.
“You would know wouldn’t you?” Tony snapped, “You spent pretty much the entire time you were in New York with her.” He added sadly, then he got angry, “Cleary you still just see me as some irresponsible party boy not worthy of your time or of the Avengers.” He said walking away.
“You have to talk to me and to Rhodey.” She insisted.
And with Tony cradled by Thor’s arms, he flew off into the sky.
“On it.”
He tried to shake himself out of the rapidly downhill train of thought but he just couldn’t, as if he needed another reminder of why he was a failure and a burden.
Tony sighed and decided to open up about his strained friendships with Pepper and Rhodey. It felt good to get it off his chest, and the whole time Steve just listened and held him against his side.
“Anything.” Steve said.
“Tony we can’t, you know we have to do this.”
“What?” Tony asked.
Steve had spent whatever time he allowed himself to sleep, upset crying. He would hold old photographs of himself and Tony, reliving old memories. He would inhale the scent of the covers because they still smelled like Tony.
“It’s not biggie. A guys gotta take care of his team.”
They pulled in for another searing kiss but then Tony broke away.
“Tony love, don’t worry we are helping you. You are going to make it, I know you can do it. You just need to fight.”
“Dude I’m so mad! But it will only be for a couple of days. You should still watch the movie though.” Clint grumbled.
“Well guess that answers that.” He said ruefully, “I’ll be in my lab.” He said as he walked out.
Tony just scoffed, “Wow Rogers, you come here and manage to get one of my bots to pick you as the favorite.” Tony said smiling, “What’s up Steve?”
After his little “talk” with Pepper, Tony went to the training session. Steve was looking at him strangely, Tony knew that Steve knew something was off with him.
“That’s what your family thinks of you.” Donald smiled.
The next morning Steve woke up early for his routine run. He honestly loved running, it helped him clear his head and push away any lingering stress from the day before. He also appreciated the simple aspect of his ability to be able to run. It served as a reminder of something to be grateful for, before he serum he was so sick that the idea of running seemed like a pipe dream. After the serum the war kept him busy enough. Now he was afforded the luxury to take time for himself, and he was healthy and that was what counted.
Tony whimpered at that, “No no please Donald I can’t take it! It’s killing me! Make it stop now.” He said as he felt a large spark of energy shock his insides.
“Where’s Bruce?” Natasha asked Steve as he sat down.
Steve sighed, “Tony as fun as that sounds, you have to talk to Rhodey and Pepper.” He said grabbing his boyfriends hands, “I know you’re nervous, but you’ll feel so much better once you’ve done this.”
Tony nodded his head and pulled away from Natasha. However a second later, he gripped Steve’s hand like a lifeline.
“You’re wrong.” Tony said louder, “The Avengers want me, they’re coming. And when they do you’ll have hell to pay.” He said resolutely, he didn’t realize how much he believed that until he said it.
Steve and the Avengers were on the other side.
Tony’s smile quickly matched Steve’s, “You know I’m never good, right Steve?”
Tony’s head snapped up in excitement, “Seriously??? I’ve been dying for those.” His grip around Steve tightened.
The AI knew better than to argue so Tony just continued to work and worry. He was in the middle of trying to make Clint’s arrows explode by voice command when Jarvis spoke up again.
“I don’t think you are.” Natasha said as she put down a straight flush.
“How could you tell?” Asked Steve
“Hey what was Clint talking about when he left?” Tony asked, stepping back from Steve.
Tony whined at the movement, “Whaaa...what’s happenin?” He mumbled.
“Director I just wanted to make sure what happened yesterday truly isn’t a problem.” Steve said looking down.
Once everyone settled down, they turned the TV on. It flipped on a news channel and a very enthusiastic anchorwoman began speaking, “And just in we have a photo of two of our favorite superheroes. Tony Stark aka Iron Man was spotted holding hands with Steve Rogers, aka the Captain America. Are they together? Well folks seems like it, they were spotted leaving a pizza parlor, sounds like a date to me. We will leave you to ponder this during our commercial break.”
But wait! Maybe Donald and Justin found a way to manipulate the recordings, maybe what he heard wasn’t true. They did want to hurt him, after all. His mind supplied helpfully.
“God you two are such an old married couple.” Clint mocked.
“Yes we are but this serum-I guess you could call it-would allow me and Hulk to communicate better and thus figure out when it is best for him to come out and not just react when I feel angry.” Bruce supplied.
“Clint quiet.” Natasha said.
“I think maybe Steve and Tony could use some alone time.” Bruce said, “Unless you have questions Tony.”
He walked around to Steve’s back and wrapped his arms around Steve’s middle, “Please feed me, baby.”
“With pleasure, Sir.” The AI sounded pleased.
It was proof of just how exhausted Tony was when he didn’t protest. He just allowed Steve to lead him to the couch, with his ice cream in his hand.
“Look i'm sorry guys. I know I’ve been difficult before and have been lately.” Tony said “But I’m changing my ways and I need you to see that.”
“Like you ever cared or looked at emails before.” Pepper snapped back.
“Oh god he was still in his lab.” Steve cried.
“Only if you’re not too busy Tony,” Bruce said sheepishly.
Steve laughed, “I would expect nothing less.”
“This is beautiful Steve! What a treasured gift.”
“Fine I guess I’ll go.” He grumbled.
“You should have seen the great and mighty Directors face when our Captain said he wasn’t asking for permission.” Thor said proudly.
“Yes, this is our best shot at saving Tony.” Steve said.
“That was incredible, thank you love.” He said, catching his breath.
His eyes watered as he pictured it, however he shook his head to clear his thoughts. He needed to think straight and figure out a way to escape. In the meantime he hoped the Avengers were looking for him.
Tony looked at Steve and smiled shyly when Steve said, “Glad to see you could join us Tony.”
“I’m not going anywhere Tony, I promise. You’re stuck with your sap of a boyfriend.” He teased, kissing Tony on the temple. “I noticed you were looking a little green before the battle and green only looks good on Bruce.” Steve joked, trying to lighten the mood.
Steve sighed, “Tony why do you think we all love movie nights so much? We hate being alone with nightmares so we spend the time together in order to minimize the fear.” Steve gently turned his hands over to properly hold Tony’s, “Sadly, nightmares are just part of being a hero.”
“Steve…” Tony whispered, head resting against Steve’s chest, “I love you.”
It was Tony’s and he was presumed dead.
Chapter 4
Tony pulled back, “I know I will be. I have you Steve.” He said, kissing Steve deeply on the lips.
Tony sputtered in response, unable to form coherent words.
The two men turned away, walked out of the room and shut the door.
Steve sputtered, “Betrothed...what-No guys! This wasn't a date! But I do want to talk to you about Tony.” Steve said quickly.
“God you’re so gorgeous.” Steve whispered in awe, as he lowered his hands to Tony’s waist.
He trashed on the table, his fingers reaching towards his arc, as if trying to touch the wires to take them out. He was trapped, stuck in an endless void of firey pain. God he couldn’t even pass out, he was forced to endure it.
“Yeah you turned out just fine.” Steve said smiling.
“It’s great to be back.”
Hammer came back with a whip and proceeded to hit Tony over and over again, hard.
Tony looked up at him and glared.
Justin flicked to other channels as proof but they all said the same thing.
One of Steve and Thor’s many tourist escapades ended quite eventfully. Steve and Thor were on their way through Central Park when Thor had an idea. He thought it would be good for the “decor” of the park if they had a lighting show.
Donald gave him a very unamused look, “It’s not as if moving away will do you any good.” He scoffed, “And you don’t exactly have a choice in anything that happens to you.” He said matter of factly.
“Well good for you inspector Gadget! If I’m an ass I would love to know what that makes you!” Tony yelled back just as loud, his bruised cheeks flushed with red. He acted as though Steve’s words had no effect on him but boy he couldn’t be more wrong.
“Yeah I am” he sat up slowly as Jarvis gave him a handkerchief to wipe the blood from his face, he nodded 'thank you'
“Sorry I just didn’t think you had a personality”
“No can do buddy ” Tony was back on his facade it was like switching languages for him; quick, easy, and a second nature. “Honestly Rhodey I’m fine, overdramatic but fine. I’ll survive good bye love”
“Jarvis?”
Tony wanted to scream and push his the stranger away but he couldn’t, he could only let out a slurred “stop” but no one besides the man could hear. The girl, Britney, watched and joined him, she didn’t ask about Tony only conversed with the man dragging him. He only could hear bit and pieces as if he was sticking his head in jello.
Natasha grabbed Steve’s arm her body was set a blaze with anger she dragged him to his room yanking his ear. “Steve please explain to be what the hell is going on here?” Natasha motioned to the apartment with her hands, Steve look at her, almost confused. “I’m talking about the Stark kid, genius!” Natasha held herself from smacking some sense into her dumb friend. A million thoughts ran through her head, how would she even bring this up? Everything she learned in her previous from classes not ringing a bell.
“Wanda hold my hand Pietro hold Natasha’s please” Clint was already exhausted by the two four-year-olds, everyone else just found it funny.
“Mr. Rhodes please tell me that Sir is with you.”
“Hey check that out” Steve’s coworker, Sam, nudged him pointing to the T.V. “Look at how much they pay for a video of that Stark kid doing something stupid. Man I’d be able to actually quite one of my jobs” Steve read the  gossip report of thousands of dollars just for a 30 second clip of a drunk teen.
“J let’s go” he called grabbing the car keys as Jarvis seemingly popped out from thin air behind him. He left the house quickly before his father could be bothered anymore, shoving his body in the driver's seat quickly. Rhodey had let us him take his car for a spin at school a while back, he's also been sneakingly taking one of Howard's older cars for a spin every now and then, and he's been dying to finally get his hands on his license.
“Thor you have the phone and wallet right?”
“The bathrooms right over there” Steve pointed out, Tony nodded and followed the route to the restroom. He locked the door and turned to the mirror cringing.
“Well my mom and Howar- dad my dad I mean, they always travel. But me not so much” Steve pretendes like he didn’t noticed Tony calling his Father by his first name. Why would he call his father Howard?
Maybe it was the fact that Steve understood going to sleep hungry and actually took responsibility for his actions that made his hate for the rich grow. Or maybe there was an underlying jealousy, he truthfully wasn’t sure. He was sure though that both Stark men alike were horrible people.
“Okay Peter, here goes nothing” he say at his desk, panting slightly, he took a glimpse. “Holy shit, holy shit holy shit!” Infront of Peter layed a little man with wings. This is not real this is definitely not real. The tooth fairy isn’t real. The tooth fairy isn’t real. The tooth fairy isn’t real!! Peter repeated this in his head over and over hoping that it would somehow make the statement true. The tooth fairy was a dude? Scratch that the tooth fairy was real?! Peter felt out of breathe and as though he was stuck in a gloom.
Suddenly it felt as though Peter was in an episode of Tom and Jerry; Peter was the cat and the glowing object was the mouse. It flew quickly through different areas of Peter’s room, knocking things off shelves, even tearing up papers. “Wow wow wow” Peter grabbed  important memories before they fell to their inevitable doom. He scrambled to his desk and emptied his ‘procstantion jar’, everytime Peter procrastinated something he’d put a dollar in the jar. He quickly grabbed the jar and chased after the mysterious thing flying around his room. In what seemed to be one final attempt to escape the glowing thing smashed into the ceiling falling rapidly and landing on Peters’s desk harshly, although this time it didn’t fly away. Peter took this opportunity to quickly put his jar over it and closed the jar just as quickly. He poked holes in the jar before daring to see what it was.
Bruce inserted the needle and just like that the blood was entering Tony.
After that the room feel into complete silence. Tony looked down then got up to go to his lab.
He was shaken out of his thoughts when Steve walked in the room.
Steve instantly raced to the medical facility  where he found Bruce walking out of one the operating room.
“Of course.” Thor said “It is a shame we couldn’t arrive before our Captain was injured.” He added sadly.
“You know,” Tony started, “If you wanted a good tour guide, I’m the person to ask. I have access to some pretty cool places. I’d be happy to take you and Thor if you wanted.”
They both chuckled until Steve suggested they go out to eat something.
“Because he’s your boyfriend...or would that be Godfriend?” Clint asked.
Bruce sighed, “Okay, So I managed to stabilize Tony for the time being. I was able to give him some more blood and we are working on fixing his rib which was broken.” He paused, “But that’s not our biggest issue here. Whatever happened to Tony was bad… there’s severe damage to the arc reactor.” Everyone winced at that. “It seems to me that someone used it to power something.
Steve just sighed, he knew better than to try and argue with Tony especially when he was tired and overworked. More to the point they had been becoming friends and Steve didn’t want to ruin that.
“I have to say, Fury’s scared face was a sight to behold.” Natasha said smiling slightly.
Tony simply let himself be hugged and then afterwards went to go see Steve. They hadn’t talked much since Steve had been sleeping practically the whole time he was recovering.
“Y-yeah yeah I’m great” he closed his eyes took in a deep breathe and ran his hands through his hair. Tony hadn’t had an anxiety attack in awhile and he usually had someone there. He felt exhausted and hollow. He just wanted to nap for a very very long time. Instead he washed his face to hide all evidence of what occurred and tapped his fingers against his chest to attempt to even out his breathing. Tony threw on his signature smirk and left after tossing his horrid clothes in the trash.
“We lost our phones and we were supposed to meet a -uh” Bruce looked at the name written messily on his palm. “Steve Rogers here”.
“Yes sir”
“Don’t get me wrong I don’t wanna sound bratty. It’s fun most of the time..” Steve listened genuinely interested “like you get free things even though you could obviously afford it, you get all the things you’d like, well materialistic things,” Tony mumbled the last part, Steve still heard. “and the parties are pretty nice.” Tony grew distracted by Steve’s hands gently wiping away the blood from his shirtless body.  The hands were gentle surprisingly not sending him back to the day before.
