Silence, apart from the sounds of car doors opening and closing down the street. Running footsteps on the stairs.
Sherlock’s heart swelled. He knew that if he had to deal with John’s overreacting patients on a daily basis, he would be out of the clinic before you could say
“An accurate summary.” Mycroft said. “I just thought it prudent to let you know, to - put you on your guard, so to speak. You can keep the photos. I’ll be on my way now.”
“We know that, you dolt.” Mrs Holmes said, filling up his plate with a third helping of bacon. “We named you.”
. She’s just too dangerous. I don’t know what delusion of brotherly love you’re blundering under, brother mine, but
John had no idea what to do. Rosie had been throwing a fit for half an hour now, and nothing would shut her up. He’d tried everything - milk, soothers, all her toys, funny stories, but nothing worked. He’d even tried singing, but that just made her scream louder. He desperately glanced around the room, and his gaze settled on the skull.
“Yes, you do. He chose a date and a time, and all you had to do was slip into the main hall from your room and unlock the main door.”
Sherlock’s expression changed to one of confusion, but it dissolved instantly when John’s thumb brushed his lip. The scar from the morgue was still there.
. John would never be comfortable with Sherlock being on a roof ever again. Pulling out his gun, he climbed up the last few stairs.
“Good morning, John.” Mrs Hudson said warmly. “Molly’s just dropped Rosie off. I thought I’d make you boys a cup of tea.”
“No.” John said firmly, from somewhere behind him. “Stay put. I’ll make you some tea in a while. You need to relax.”
There was a moment of silence, then to his utter surprise, John sighed resignedly and enveloped him in a warm hug.
The next morning, at breakfast with Mrs Hudson, Sherlock’s phone moaned yet again. Mrs Hudson tutted and went off to fetch something from the kitchen. John raised his eyebrows, trying his best to keep a straight face.
He stared at her in disbelief. He’d known she was alive since Sherlock’s birthday, but to actually see her in the flesh...well, it brought back old memories, to say the least.
“I do hope it’s not like old times.” Irene said, “In old times, your actions got me kicked out of the country.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the straightened knocker. Mycroft had obviously dropped by. He half-ran, half-climbed up the stairs, feeling only slightly guilty about taking so long to buy John’s medicine. “I’ve got it.” he announced, setting the heavy shopping bag down.
“I send you off to buy paracetamol, and you come back with a bruised face, a bottle of hydrogen peroxide, a stuffed bumblebee toy, and - are these eyeballs? Well, at least you got the medicine - oh, wait.” He turned around to face Sherlock, accusingly dangling the packet of cigarettes in front of him.
“Hello? Mycroft, why the bloody hell are you calling me at 2 AM? Yea, you’ve already woken me up, so I don’t see why not. Here, Sherlock, talk to him or he’ll keep calling me.”
“Yes, John, do try to keep up. He got into an altercation with a man in Switzerland and was shot fatally. It was caught on tape. Which is why I say
“Don’t be rude.” John scolded. “Come in, Mycroft.” He turned to Sherlock and lowered his voice. “Look, he just walked in on me licking your face. It’s a little transparent at this point. He deserves to know, and if you want to tell him - it’s fine by me.”
“The Queen has a schedule.” Sherlock whispered, and John pinched his hand, trying to suppress his giggles.
“Before you got on the plane…” John closed his eyes, visibly more distressed. “That’s what you were going to tell me, isn’t it? You were going to tell me that you love me.”
“You can’t see Rosie. Children are only allowed family visitors.” Molly held up a hand to silence him. “Yes, I know you’re family, but not legally. I can take you to see John in a few minutes, when the doctors are done with him.”
hopeful about his situation with John. Of course, he didn’t have much practical experience, and he couldn’t decide where to draw the line between
Sherlock ignored him. Maybe he could get his father to pack up one of his home remedies for Rosie’s stomach. John probably would’ve reached by now; he should text to find out about her.
“Let’s see.” John said, taking his hand away and getting up to pace the room. “First, my wife shot and almost killed you. You killed Magnussen to save her, then almost got shipped off to god-knows-where. On top of that, I blamed you for her death, iced you out and then hit you. When I dropped off the walking cane, I decided not to see you again, because whatever I do - I just end up hurting you.”
“No. You might want to ask your boss for the day off tomorrow. We’re going to take a little day-trip.”
John quickly whipped out his phone. There was no time to stare; he snapped a photo of the front page. He turned the page to reveal a picture of a vaguely familiar woman, but before he could register anything of note, he heard footsteps outside the room. The file was far too big to smuggle out; he quickly clicked another photo, returned the file to its hiding place and shut the closet, moving towards the door just in time. Yardley Oliver opened it and looked at him suspiciously.
For the first time that night, John took a deep swig from his untouched glass. “I did.” he said quietly.
“The age difference, for one thing. She obviously just came back to London after a long time, that much was evident from her shoes, but she barely reacted when she saw his corpse. You saw her face; she was a little upset, no doubt, as you would be if you found a dead body in your old childhood room. But there was no sorrow there; no attachment, then, probably just met him for the first time. She’s been away from home a long time, long enough to change her entire identity from Oliver to Adler. I don’t know how her father got in touch with her, but she rushed to London as soon as she heard about the boy’s death. If she cares about her father so much, why not come right after his wife died?”
Sherlock nodded. “One last thing, John.” He looked up at John, all puppy-eyed, and John could feel his heartbeat speeding up. “What on earth am I supposed to wear?”
He glanced at Irene; her eyes were closed. Whoops, that was one more deduction than he had been expecting…
He would’ve performed CPR, but John was breathing, and he hadn’t passed out from lack of oxygen anyway. His PTSD was manifesting itself again - the water...
he asked himself. He had a vague remembrance of Sherlock carrying him to bed, of asking him to stay, and of Sherlock’s fingers running through his hair. Had he forced Sherlock to call him...pretty?
“Yes.” she said firmly. Then she sighed and looked down at her plate, suddenly guilty, and reached across the table to squeeze John’s hand. “I’m sorry I missed your wedding.”
What happened to her is not your fault. It’s in her biology. There are other ways to deal with loneliness, and murder is not one of them.” John stood up and joined him at the window. “I never thought I’d say this to you, but you’re letting emotion cloud your judgement. Eurus is dangerous. Even Mycroft sees it. Why can’t you?”
"W-What are you doing here?" John asked, expecting a rational answer because Lestrade did arrive earlier than he did, so he must know something by now,
It was like all movement went still and the air went static. He was finally quiet, forced out of his tirade and properly facing John, whose face forms a series of creases between the brows and sides of the mouth. Usually this would be the queue for Sherlock to make a sarcastic remark or along the lines of that, but John’s expression glued his mouth shut. He could only make eye contact as if to tell John to continue what is it so important to be said. Well, at least Sherlock wished he would pull him to the side before bursting into flames and engulfing Sherlock along, because what he felt after John’s response couldn’t possibly be hid behind his mask of indifference before being noticed by anyone.
"Apparently that's one thing Moriarty didn't change about you. You just don't eat, huh," Sherlock's attention was back to Lestrade, who was clearly standing in discomfort.
"You're wearing too many clothes," he said as he pulled on the elastics of John's clothes. John was as eager to rid off his clothes as much as Sherlock was because the strain of his half-hard girth was uncomfortable being under layers of cotton. With a smirk at the remark, he swiftly pulled his jumper off and John took his opportunity to pull of Sherlock's pants as well, excited to savor the look of Sherlock's nudity and the sultry look he had. Though John was still in his pants, Sherlock smirked and licked his lips at what he sees. The sturdy frame of a soldier with the web-like scar on his left shoulder was perfect, ornamented by the defined muscles down to his navel.
? As in..." he sighed and averted his gaze towards the ceiling of the white cell. "Stop playing with me. If you are indeed
. He was already half hard from the thought of the curvy woman but shit, having Sherlock in the bathroom would just make things worse because he had always been aching for that man.
"I haven't seen you in a while," he tried to put on a professional smile but all he got was a glance from Sherlock before his attention turned back towards his untouched lunch.
being in that situation, and he regretted nothing for accepting the offer earlier to go out. It was as right as it can be, just like two puzzle pieces that fitted together perfectly. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
The simple knock Sherlock heard wasn't much of a scare for him but it did startle him out of his thoughts about whoever that room belonged to. He didn't hear any footsteps fading away-
"Oh Sherlock, but you just came back from those two years. Are you sure you want to go?" her voice falters with fear and concern, not unusual for a lovely and caring person as she is.
Dialing Anthea, he took out a fancy scotch bottle along with three glasses before telling his trusty assistant to send two cars out for both Greg Lestrade and John Watson. If they tried to resist in any way, they had the pass to force them even physically. He pours the alcohol until one third of each glass, because a bit of the strength from the alcohol would make them take the news more easily. It always does.
care about you. I heard that we had traced back your tracks to you. I was honestly pleased, especially after we lost contact for so long. I'm sure John would be very happy, maybe a bit angry at the beginning because technically we
"How'd you sleep, dear?" she asked quite happily, just excited to see Sherlock back where he belongs, and not in some scruffy back alley or running as a fugitive in the woods.
Going back for a second visit directly the day after seemed a bit too forceful in John's mind. So he let both Sherlock and himself breathe some fresh air away from each other. But he never expected the other party to literally get away far from him.
John felt the hurt when Sherlock said he felt the bliss of pride when he was with Moriarty but he managed to maintain his composure. "You will stay here for a long time, Sherlock. You murdered more than one person, and god knows how many more that you did under all of our noses. And we will try to recover your memories".
“And you don’t have the right to talk about pain. Painful? Painful is crying at night like I did, thinking that the most special person you had would no longer be with you. That, Sherlock, is pain,”
“Another chance? How many more do you want? A thousand more? Sure, John! But do you think that will change anything?”
“Sherlock, dear. I came as soon as I can after that lovely detective Lestrade contacted me. He thought someone should be there for you in case anything happened,”
Mycroft put Sherlock through the proper programs, they kept him on suicide watch for about three months (72 hours spent at the hospital, with
With that, the saddened army doctor stomps up the remaining steps and then slams his room's door behind him. The consulting detective watches him go and his brow furrows only momentarily before he jump up into the air in a fist bumping motion. That of course jostles his stitches and when his feet touch the ground once more, he winces at the slight discomfort. He quickly goes over and retrieves his phone before texting his older brother in order to ask if he wouldn't mind picking him up tonight so that they might talk.
. I reread it and cringe. I commend you for your bravery and I thank you as sincerely as I can muster for giving me your time and patience. Thank you.
The ambulance arrives eight minutes after Lestrade finishes giving his orders to Sergeant Donovan. When and only when the suspect gets placed into the police car, Sherlock then allows himself to be strapped into a gurney and placed into the medical vehicle.
signs are blaring for his attention, but right now, the blogger could not be happier with how the evening is progressing.
They remain like that for a few moments longer. Sherlock finally allowing himself to relax in the other man’s arms until he stiffens once more when a thought comes to mind. He pulls back slightly to look at his dear friend with a troubled expression that darkens Sherlock’s handsome features as he asks, “But John, what about Mary? The baby? I suspect your marriage will become increasingly complicated if you are not present.”
John feels like the idiot Sherlock so often calls him as he stares down at the man a waiting for his world to end. The blogger feels determined as he marches over to the door and firmly closes it. This is not a conversation that needs to get interrupted before it’s been completed. As he turns around to finally hash everything out, he stops in his tracks as he sees the detective’s thin frame imperceptibly begins to shudder. The blogger instantly realizes how this has been perceived and he pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration.
Sebastian was never one to let things go. He had hated Sherlock from the beginning of their time at Uni.   He had been able to avoid repercussions until a cold morning in January which resulted in a blackened eye, bruised ribs, and twisted right ankle after Sherlock had ‘forgotten his place’. The taunting seemed to increase after Sebastian started spouting off lies about Sherlock’s intended. “Sherlock has met his bonded mate and they were so disgusted by his appearance they had found a better acquaintance.” or, “The reason Sherlock is threadless is because he never had a mate to begin with! When he was born, it was decided that he would never have a mate because he is too undeserving.” Sherlock could pretend that their taunts didn’t mean anything but he wondered himself if their words had some truths to them.
Notes: I'M NOT DEAD! I've just been SUPER busy! I've recently been in a play and it's all wrapped up now. The role was demanding, but fun. :D I have a tad bit more time to focus on the story now. I've just got to get my computer back now... :/ I've went up to the 'M' rating due to the slight smut at the beginning. It will get more detailed later on. And, I know I've promised proposal, proposal, proposal, but I know for a fact that the Proposal will be next chapter. For sure! The reason for my certainty is because this current chapter ends with a hint of what's to come :D. I've read a fanfic of a Proposal scene and a good friend of mine has lent me her location scene. I'll link it next chapter. :D I was going to write the proposal this chapter but, I got distracted by a gorgeous opportunity to lead up to a later chapter. :D
"You don't understand? Of course you don't fucking understand. It's because you're a freak! God, Sherlock. What the hell is wrong with you?! You take, and you take, until there is nothing left for you to take and I am left with absolutely nothing! Nothing is ever mine. You think you can do these things, but you can't keep doing them, Sherlock!" Sergeant Donavon, having long since entered before this heated argument took place, looked as if she were a bucket of popcorn away from enjoying a great show. John ignored her in favor of taking a moment to look at the detective. He bitterly laughed at the trace of tears he saw and sarcastically continued with, "Grow the fuck up, Sherlock. Stop the act. I'm not going to continue playing these games. I'm sick and tired of the bullshit. Just piss the fuck off."
Yes, he still loves the detective. He loves the detective more than ever, it seems, but he has made a commitment. He has made the commitment to move on. Besides, if the feelings were mutual, Sherlock wouldn’t have left to begin with. With that thought in mind, he straightens his shoulders and soldiers on.
It’s been three days. Three days of endless searching in every bolthole, hideaway, and every known location that Moriarty had resided in London. John and Mycroft had plans to travel to Moscow tomorrow for starters in their out of country expedition. Nowhere is too far and distance will not stop them. Greg was working today, but he already planned to spend vacation days traveling to Moscow with the other two men. John went back to Baker Street today so that the blond can pack some clothes and necessities for the trip. Mycroft was taking care of last minute business while Anthea was packing his clothes. The three men have slept a few hours at most, each too worried about the missing detective to do trivial things like eat or sleep.
When the tears refused to stop falling and the detective’s eyes turn to disbelief, John lets out a remorseful sigh and pulls a chair up beside the bed. John no longer tries to reach out and touch the ebony haired man, keeping a safe distance between them, as he softly says, “Sherlock, listen, what I said to you, I didn’t mean. I will never mean it. I was angry and, like the idiot you so often tell me that I am, I said something I will always regret until the day I die.”
Anyway...Poor Sherlock! It's not going to get better for awhile, guys. It's going to hurt, but I promise things do eventually get better :). I hope you enjoyed it! I'm having a blast writing it :D
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice!
I hope this makes sense! I hope it all will come together in the next chapter. Sherlock will return and the rating will possibly go up (I haven't decided yet). The boys are now finally confirmed as soul mates :D
When he heard someone opening the door, he quickly snatched his hands away. Looking up, he saw Molly Hooper come in, dragging a chair behind her.
They bid Mycroft goodnight, and their mother took his place beside Sherlock. Sherlock knew she wanted to ask him a thousand questions - make sure he was eating enough, sleeping well, keeping his house clean, not accidentally ingesting any noxious fumes - but she seemed to sense his mood and let him drink in silence.
Also, Sebastian Moran is a character from Arthur Conan Doyle’s original Sherlock Holmes stories. He was one of Moriarty’s men and is described as "the second most dangerous man in London."
“Eurus has been unnaturally communicative lately.” Mycroft informed him, “She’s actually started speaking to a few of the nurses. For the most part, she has large spells of silence, but it’s a start.”
The next morning, John woke up to find himself alone in the tent. Sherlock’s sleeping bag hadn’t even been unrolled. He stretched, and the events of the previous night came back to him - kissing Sherlock. Sherlock kissing back. More kissing and staring, until John had finally giggled, pulled away and said he needed to sleep.
“Exactly. Three days after she meets Mrs Hudson, who used to run a drug cartel, she dies of a drug overdose.”
“Yes.” she said. “They held a gun to her head - and mine - and made me sign them. I’m sorry. There was nothing else I could do. It was a choice between a stranger’s dead body and Rosie’s life. The same way you had to choose between a false love confession and my life. I’m sorry I blamed you for that. You were right. There’s really no choice there.”
“Your son’s depressed.” Sherlock commented. “Has been for quite a while, actually. Is he seeing a psychologist?”
He tried to keep a firm grip on Noel as he started paddling back again, suddenly aware of how much harder it was to stay afloat. He vaguely heard Sherlock’s strangled cry from the edge of the pond -
“How do you know she’ll agree to go off into the unknown with you? Have you even asked her out on a second date?”
“Moriarty threatened to kill Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and you if I didn’t jump. There were guns trained on you, ready to go off unless Moriarty’s men saw me fall. After that, there were so many times when I wanted to reach out to you, but it was never safe enough. I worried that you might say something indiscreet, let the cat out of the bag. I was scared that Moriarty’s men might be lurking around, and if word of my deception reached them, you’d be their prime target. Everyone had to think I was dead. I had to dismantle every strand of his web before I could come back without endangering you. Forgive me, John Watson. I had no choice.”
“He’s gone out to get some paracetamol, but he’s been gone for quite some time, so I suppose he ran into a robbery on the way. Yes, I know it’s a little surprising. Sherlock leaving the flat for something as mundane as getting medicine for his flatmate.”
Greg Lestrade watched his men examine the backyard, sifting through piles of dirt and uprooted plants. A few them dug around with spades, stopping every now and then to shake their heads at him.
“She obviously doesn’t want anyone else to see it, not even bank officials.” Sherlock said rapidly. “The house is pretty old, probably has a few secret hiding places. She grew up there, so she would know about them. It’s most probably in the boy’s room - she rushed straight up to check on it.”
Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, confused. An almost undetectable shake of the head convinced him of it; Victor’s death was still a secret. He was still officially missing.
They caught up with Noel and Rachel and Sherlock fell behind, engaging Rachel in conversation. Noel and John walked on ahead, separately, each lost in his own thoughts. They were surrounded by tall trees on both sides, well-sheltered from the evening sun. John softly stomped on the crunchy leaves as they followed the worn forest path. He glanced at Noel and decided to break the awkward silence.
“Right. We searched every inch of her, as well as her possessions, but we can’t find the necklace anywhere. She couldn’t have disposed of it so quickly, it’s barely been an hour since the robbery.”
John was still staring at him, utterly taken aback. Finally, he sighed and reached out to wipe Sherlock’s tears with his thumb.
The soft turning of the doorknob awoke Sherlock. He fidgeted around in his blanket, trying to sit up, but the wrappings were too tight. He eventually ended up rolling off the couch and fell to the ground with a muffled
“Then clearly someone took a copy and planted it here for our benefit. Why did you sign this sheet?”
Sherlock’s room was unsurprisingly impersonal, save for the army doctor currently sprawled across his bed. There was a double bed, a study table pushed into a corner, an office chair. A bookshelf with some rather fascinating tomes. A wardrobe filled with miscellaneous tools and trinkets.
“Absolutely not. Look, you’ve often said that sometimes a fresh perspective helps you think things through - so let me read out my notes of the case, okay? Just the general outlines.”
“I was.” Sherlock admitted. “But I realized I wouldn’t be doing either of us any favours, especially since I was going to my death - ”
“Well, not quite. It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It’s only a far-flung theory of mine, since he’s most probably dead.”
He softly pushed open the door and entered his bedroom. In the semi-darkness, he could just about make out a lump on the bed. “John?” he asked softly.
“Well, I don’t have a very concrete plan - but one day, I’m going to move to Sussex. I’ve already started saving up for a down payment on a cottage there. I’ll still solve the occasional murder, but other than that - they have bee farms.”
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock said, turning around in the doorway and drawing himself up to his full height. “Will you stop following me around like some sort of half-witted dog?”
. John was too precious to lose. He was the only one who Sherlock laughed with, rather than at. He put up with all of Sherlock’s tantrums and eccentricity, and somehow still loved him for it. He even made lazy days at Baker Street bearable.
To Sherlock’s surprise, Mycroft was tapping on the window. “Should’ve pulled the curtains.” he muttered to himself, as his brother held the door open for Molly.
Offended, Sherlock opened his mouth to retaliate, but the next thing he knew, John had pulled him closer. For a moment, their eyes locked, and then John’s lips crashed onto his and everything was oblivion. He was vaguely aware of John’s hands on his waist, and he knew his were doing something similar, but for the most part, his attention was diverted by John’s mouth, soft and warm against his own, mixing with the salty taste of his tears.
They stood in silence, Molly looking at them pleadingly, Sherlock staring at John, John staring at the form. John finally broke the silence, and he sounded surprisingly calm when he spoke.
Sherlock left the room, and John’s phone buzzed. His sister was calling him - feeling rather apprehensive, he hesitated, but then picked up.
Mycroft smiled. He was rather glad that Sherlock had finally visited the crime scene. It was frankly quite perplexing, and the fact that it involved Irene Adler had only complicated it more.
“Yea, all right, they’ll probably solve it on their own. This is Rachel Evans.” The lady smiled and shook hands with them. For someone whose house had just been broken into by a corpse, she looked decidedly calm. However, John could see that she was only pretending to hold it together. He knew the signs. He’d done it himself so many times.
Mr Oliver nodded. “Yes. She snuffed out the candle then. I was paralyzed with fear, but she just turned around and left - that too through the front door. She must’ve painted the 5. I think I fainted then. When I eventually came to my senses, I hurried upstairs to check on James. And then I found - I found -” He broke into renewed sobs.
“No, that would be horrifying.” John said. “Okay - she’s been dead for about a week. Buried for, I’d say, not more than four days.”
“What about that giant 5 on the door, then? It be a warning or a countdown of some sort. 5 days, weeks, months?”
Her lip trembled, and she took a deep breath. “It’s no use, is it? You’re going to squeeze it out of me anyway.”
Lestrade nodded. He picked at the pavement with his foot, hesitating slightly. “Look, I probably shouldn’t tell you this, but…” He took a deep breath. “You need to look after him. He might do something...desperate.”
Sherlock ignored him, still looking out of the window, so he just continued driving. They eventually pulled up next to a small cottage. John recognized Mycroft’s car parked outside, but there was a surprising absence of police cars. As expected, there was a big red 1 on the door, but he barely had time to process it before Sherlock flung the door open. The hall and living room were empty, but John could hear voices from the adjoining room. He reached out to knock, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
He was cut off by a scream of agony from one of the upper floors. They barely took in their surroundings as they rushed in and bounded up the stairs, which seemed to spiral up endlessly. Finally, they sighted the Golem disappearing at the top of the stairs, and came out onto a landing where a girl lay sprawled and helpless.
“The Vitruvian Man...the Ideal Man.” John smiled. “You really are something else. Okay, I’m tired of this - they clearly destroyed the form. Shall we leave?”
“You found the file.” she said quietly, “I knew I should’ve taken it with me and left London, but I couldn’t resist staying. I hid it in the one place where I thought nobody respectable would look.” She looked up to face him, eyes blazing. “Once again, I underestimated you two. Oh, don’t play dumb. Of course I saw you hiding in the hedge that day.”
There was neither sound nor movement from the mound on the sofa, but John could almost feel the hostility radiating from it. He watched Sherlock for a while, smiling slightly at the way his curly hair jutted out at one end of the blanket. As Sherlock shifted and fidgeted, he winced slightly, and John’s smile melted off. He knew exactly why Sherlock was wincing, and guilt stabbed every inch of his heart.
Sherlock stared at him. “I’m not on a date with him. I mean, it isn’t even a date at all. Just meeting an old friend.”
Sherlock paused, and John turned to face him, cocking an eyebrow questioningly. Sherlock took a deep breath and started again.
“By the way, I wasn’t flirting. The last woman I tried that with turned out to be your crazy sister.”
John craned his neck. He could see Sherlock in the kitchen, now talking to Mrs Hudson, probably trying to bully her into frying up a few eggs. It wasn’t like Sherlock didn’t know about Sholto, but John wasn’t about to go rubbing it in his face either.
The stars didn’t explode, the earth didn’t break open, but time seemed to stop. In that moment, Sherlock didn’t care about the Golem or Eurus or even Moriarty - all that mattered was that John Watson was here, and he was kissing him, and John was kissing back. Sherlock had dreamed up various variants of John’s lips over the years, but nothing even came close to the real thing.
“That was even worse, because if I slept, I dreamt about you. I dreamt that you were alive and we were solving some stupid case together, and I’d always wake up right before you told me the solution. Then I would have to deal with the echoing emptiness of the flat. People say that misery dulls everything - what was that phrase? Ah, ‘tinges it with grey’. It was the opposite for me. Everything was too bright and too loud. I remember thinking,
“I take it that this is a permanent living arrangement, then.” Mycroft said. Sherlock and John ignored him.
of the phone infuriated Mycroft. He had called Sherlock several times in the past hour, only to be ignored each time. Sherlock rarely ignored his calls - he usually just picked up, said “not now” and hung up. He was probably on a case, but Mycroft had urgent business with him. Since it was already late evening, he decided to head to Baker Street and wait for Sherlock anyway.
Sherlock snapped out of his thoughts. “Rest assured, Mrs Hudson, no harm will come to you. Not on my watch. Even if this does come to light - there’s nothing to prove you knew about the murder.”
“Obviously, it didn’t work. And when Mary died, I - god, I felt so guilty. Guilty that I’d spent the last few month pining after you instead of paying attention to my wife. Shutting you out was my way of punishing myself. I didn’t think it would matter to you.”
“Really? Don’t you have anything stronger?” she asked. She looked at the photo again and swallowed. “Sebastian Moran.”
“Yes, guilt.” he said, and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s, the momentary contact somehow enough to set his nerves aflame. He pulled away to see Sherlock looking utterly devastated, a mixture of shock and uncertainty on his face.
“Exactly.” said Sherlock, leaning back in his armchair, “The point of those videos was to intimidate. Distract. Create panic and confusion.”
"I know why Irene Adler was at Sherrinford, but it doesn’t link up with the murder. I can’t find a connection.”
“No, I’m sure. It was merely a whim at first, but I confronted him and he completely panicked - that’s when he punched me and called security. If I dig around a little, I can probably find the real Upton and Bertha Adams somewhere.”
They were now walking down a narrow lane in a distinctly desolate part of town; derelict buildings loomed on either side. Most of them had broken windows and wobbly doors, and John felt positive that save black and grey, all colour had leached out of the world. The area was almost completely deserted, but light shone in a few windows. Sherlock paused in front of a door, gently pushed it open and whispered, “This is the one. Let’s head upstairs, we’ll ambush him, quietly now - ”
Sherlock fixed him with an unblinking stare. “Idiots. The whole lot of you.” He paused. “Look at his shoes, Lestrade. They’re
Sherlock didn’t need to ask which one. John wasn’t religious, and there was only one church that he frequented - the one where both Sherlock’s and Mary’s funerals had been held. He turned his coat collar up against the crisp night air. Sometimes, he felt like these dingy byways and labyrinth of inner alleys were the true heart of the city. This was where they lived - the misfits, the criminals, the rebels.
“Ah, another dead relative paying a surprise visit in the middle of the night? That’s nice, I suppose. Certainly something to be happy about. If the three on the door is green, you’re doing the dishes tonight.”
“You didn’t mind it so much back then. In fact, you seemed to enjoy it. If I recall correctly, your exact words were - ”
“I know the knitting pattern of each of your jumpers by heart. I think I can remember a single date.” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes as he reached out to wrap his arms around John’s waist.
Sherlock placed a hand on the small of his back. “Make yourself comfortable.” he said, “I’ll just go finish what I came here to do.”
“Ah, yes.” Sherlock pulled out her camera-phone. As soon as she saw it, her eyes widened, and she stood up a little straighter. “I have your lifeline.”
“You should go home.” Sherlock said when they finally broke apart. “I’ll be staying here for a while.”
On hearing what he had to say, Sherlock went deathly quiet, the blood draining out of his face. John reached out to touch his arm, concerned, but he didn’t react. He lifted his chin and spoke into the phone almost mechanically.
Sherlock shrugged. He’d never quite understood the point of these labels - but then again, he’d never understood the concept of love and sentiment. Still, he had to admit that part of him liked knowing that John was
“Very well, then.” Sherlock said with dignity. He loosened his hold for a moment to shoot the air. John could hear the police sirens getting closer, and he knew that Lestrade would’ve been awaiting the signal.
. Over and over and over again. If it was torture enough looking at his suffering, I couldn’t even begin to imagine what he must be going through. Part of me was tempted to let him pull the trigger, to let him put himself out of his misery. But I came to my senses, of course. I realized that if I let him die, then I’d be failing you. I wrestled the gun from him and drove him to Baker Street, and from that day on, I made Mrs Hudson mix sleeping pills with his water.”
was why his sexuality was such a touchy subject with him. Sherlock couldn’t imagine missing Rosie’s wedding, no matter who she chose to marry.
The doctor came out a while later to tell them that Mrs Holmes was out of the operating room but still critical. John knew that face; it was the “I don’t know anything for sure but I also don’t want to get your hopes up in case she dies” face, the one he’d never quite learnt how to use. After all, he was used to being a doctor in the thick of battle. Everything was instantaneous. You died or lived; things rarely hung in limbo the way they did here.
Sherlock nodded and let him go, deciding that no good could possibly come out of him being in the same room as Eurus. She smiled demurely at John as he passed her in the doorway.
“That’s our live-in help, Mark. He’s been with us for a couple of months. You can interrogate him if you want, but you won’t get very far. He’s very reserved.”
“She doesn’t look too bad.” he informed John, “Small bandage on her forehead, that’s it. She’s sleeping, but it’s natural, not drug-induced. Apparently your body absorbed most of the impact. They said there’ll be more news by the evening.”
“Molly wasn’t too surprised when I told her about us. I mean, Lestrade told her a few hours before I did, but I didn’t expect her to be so...together. She was very mature about it.”
Two weeks of being together, and the casual ease with which John touched him still surprised Sherlock. Sherlock loved it, of course, but he didn’t understand how John did it - every time he tried to touch John, his nerves turned to mush. Every fibre of his being longed to hold and be held, but he couldn’t shake the nagging doubts he’d fostered over the years.
“I never told my father about Sherrinford, nor what happened after. He doesn’t even know who Irene Adler is. He doesn’t ask many questions, but I did leave him with a number he could call me on no matter where I was. I told him enough for him to glean that it was dangerous for him to give it to anyone. There is no one at Sherrinford who could possibly want to hurt James or father. No one.”
The water covered his mouth and he was instantly back in that hellhole, tied to the wood, and his shoulder wound flared up with phantom pain. Years of suppressed memories and trauma were finally resurfacing, and he was dimly aware that his legs were wildly thrashing to keep him afloat.
“That you’re hopelessly in love with him.” When she saw his poker face, she rolled her eyes. “Oh, please, Sherlock. It’s a little obvious, isn’t it? You almost got yourself killed just because he wasn’t talking to you. But we don’t have to talk about this if you don’t want to. Will you tell him about Rosie?”
No matter how much he scrubbed, Sherlock couldn’t get the metallic smell of blood off his face, or the vision out of his eyes. When the Golem had shot himself, a fair amount of blood had splattered on Sherlock, and although he’d cleaned off most of it then and there, he still felt dirty. John had finally dragged him back home, and he was now standing alone in the bathroom, rubbing his face raw, too spooked to change out of his bloodstained clothes. It was one thing to watch someone’s brains blow out - he’d seen Moriarty do it, done it to Magnussen himself - and quite another to have them splatter all over your face.
“Er, not a problem. I do hate to turn you out like this, but I’m feeling a little drowsy and would prefer locking up the house securely before I turn in.”
John frowned. "What’s she hiding? Why hide it in her childhood home and not, you know, deposit it in a bank or something?”
Sherlock slipped out of bed, yawning. He made his way to the sitting room to find John sprawled on the sofa, snoring and fidgeting, while Rosie whimpered in her crib. Before she could throw a full-on tantrum, Sherlock quickly made his way over to her, trying not to trip over the toys that littered the floor. John’s bedroom was still being restored. Sherlock had, of course, offered his to Rosie and John, but they couldn’t get the crib through his bedroom door. So for now, the sitting room had been converted into the babysitting room.
“Of course not. It’s all part of mankind’s wish to make everything revolve around them. The motion of stars is governed by gravity and possibly dark matter. The idea that they somehow align themselves for the insignificant events of human lives - it’s a ridiculous notion.”
“We keep saying that someone’s trying to send us a message - with my cab accident and these break-ins. What if that’s true? What if it’s a
She handed each of them a cup. Mycroft took a sip of his, trying not to feel too nostalgic at the taste of his favourite childhood drink, from before Victor disappeared. Family trips to the beach. Wrestling matches. Baking on rainy days. Kid Sherlock, bubbly and enthusiastic, so far removed from the serious man he was now…
“Yes. I didn’t want to let her in; I thought that drug thing was gone and done with! But she insisted.”
John woke up and blearily rubbed his eyes. It was clearly still the dead of night, and he was about to go back to sleep when he noticed Sherlock curled up on the far edge of the bed, still wrapped in his dressing gown.
“I’ll be reading in the bedroom if you need me.” John said. Sherlock briefly nodded, and John left him alone.
Sherlock grabbed both sides of John’s head and spun him around, the way he always did when he was trying to get John to remember something. But all John could think about was how he irresistibly close Sherlock’s face was, and how warm his hands were -
She looked at him and scoffed. “We’ll stay right outside the door and I’ll take my guards with me. Fine?”
“You’ve been on that thing for hours.” he said, gesturing to Sherlock’s laptop. “Trying to find Bertha and Upton Adams?”
“I’m the world’s best consulting detective, John. You can’t fool me.” he said. He reached out to touch John’s shoulder, and John jumped.
“He wasn’t even crying, but that just made everything worse. He had this cold, dead look in his eyes, and all he said was
“That’s strange. Oliver was more than happy to have as many people as possible on the case. He’s very involved. Come to think of it, if Harry’s ghost visited me, I’d want to see it solved, too.”
Their heads whipped up at the sound of footsteps. John made to hide, but Sherlock grabbed his arm to stop him, mouth set in a firm line. John looked at him questioningly, but he just put a finger to his lips, eyes fixed on the door. The footsteps paused for a moment, then picked up speed, and Molly ran in. When she caught sight of them, her face paled.
. Posh neighbourhood like this, and it hasn’t rained in about a week. I didn’t see any signs of mud anywhere around. He was patrolling another part of town, someplace more down-market, and casually walked by here at the time he’d chosen with Lucy. Do you understand now, or shall I fix up a powerpoint presentation?”
“I wouldn’t worry about it.” Sherlock said, “Maybe she’s just glad you haven’t hidden her in a mental asylum yet.”
“I know a place barely a block from the murder spot. Excellent fish and chips, and the owner always gives me extra portions. Hungry?”
“Ah, now you’re asking the right questions. They weren’t her real mother and brother, by the way. Stepbrother, or maybe half-brother, obviously.”
“When Moriarty’s web started unravelling, I realized there was only one person who could possibly be behind it.” She let her hand brush Sherlock’s slightly, and he didn’t pull away. “Then, of course, I also realized that you wouldn’t stop until his entire system - and hence my protection - came crashing down. So I fled. I’ve spent the last few years hopping from country to country. You should see how good my slogans sound in Spanish.”
He shrugged and led John to the kitchen table. Deciding it was probably best to keep maximum distance between them, he sat across from John, folding his legs resolutely under the chair. It wouldn’t do for them to start playing footsie.
For a brisk moment, something flitted across Sherlock’s face. Pain. “It means the world to me, John, which is why I need you to leave. Get away from Baker Street and far, far away from me, do you understand?”
Suddenly unbearably weary, he closed his eyes and leaned his forehead lightly against John’s, resisting the urge to lean in even closer. He was tempted to check John’s pulse for a reaction -
“I should ask you the same thing.” she said, “That’s my father downstairs. This is my house. In fact, this is the room in which I grew up.” A fresh set of howls and sobs interrupted them from downstairs, and a flash of pain flitted across her face. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to attend to my father.” She disappeared, heels click-clacking on the stairs.
“Well, he came home from wherever he had been and told me that he had to go Stargrounds immediately. That’s a campsite on the outskirts of London, by the way. He used to take Noel and I there back when - back when we were still a family. Anyway, that evening, he seemed agitated and kind of twitchy, but he wasn’t drunk. So he took his car and left, and a few hours later, I got a call from the police. His car was parked near Stargrounds and he was lying a few feet away, his throat slit.”
John smiled slightly and closed his eyes, letting his hand stay where it was. “If you ever try anything like that fall again, Sherlock Holmes,” he mumbled, “I swear, I will kill you.”
“Oh.” John shifted uneasily. At least Molly was smiling now. “You sure you don’t wanna come in for that cup of tea? You look like you could use it.”
“It’s Dr Watson, actually. Um, yea, you seemed pretty shaken up yesterday, so I just thought I’d check in. If you need anybody to talk to, or…”
“All right, er, here’s an idea. So you’ve been looking into minute details of all the cases for the past few days - “
“If we’re coming back tomorrow afternoon,” Mycroft interrupted, “There’s really no logic to you two driving all the way back home and then here again. Mummy and Daddy live barely ten minutes away. I’m sure they’ll be glad to have us.”
Sherlock just nodded curtly, shook off John’s hand and hailed a cab. The ride back home was eerily silent. Sherlock simply ignored John’s attempts at conversation, not even looking at him, gaze fixed on the window. When they pulled up at Baker Street, he stormed out and was halfway up the stairs by the time John had paid the cabbie. John made towards Mrs Hudson’s room to pick up Rosie, but Sherlock called to him from the stairs.
Sherlock was about to ask him what he meant, but decided it was better to keep his mouth shut for once and let John take things at his own pace.
The door opened and John peeked in. “Try Rosie’s wipes. They’re pretty effective - oh, Sherlock, you’re shaking. Here, let me do it.”
“I’m your mother, Sherlock. You couldn’t hide it from me if you tried. I look at you two, and I know you’d follow each other to the ends of the Earth.”
Sherlock cautiously walked to the door and paused for a minute, listening. John had stayed outside for a while, sometimes banging on the door and yelling, sometimes knocking and pleading (Sherlock could only guess how much that last one had hurt his pride). He’d tried to distract himself by updating his ash index, but he’d invariably ended up reading John’s blog, at which point he slammed the laptop shut and resigned himself to curling up in a ball. John had eventually stopped knocking and walked away, and Sherlock had heard him go downstairs. He might have heard the front door open, but he couldn’t be sure.
“Well, you must’ve been a delight at campfire sing-alongs. Did anyone ever throw you into the bonfire?”
“Sorry about yesterday, boys.” he said. “The arthritis really gets to me sometimes. And then, of course, there’s the business with Victor…”
Irene was silent for a moment, but finally looked up and met his eyes. “Yes.” she said, her voice low and controlled. “It was me. And it wasn’t consensual.”
John. He’d endured it for the entire meal, but even Sherlock Holmes had limits, which had certainly been broached.
“John found a Sherrinford file hidden in Miss Adler’s luggage, but he couldn’t go through it properly. All he saw was a photo of someone who greatly resembled her.”
“They can’t just wheel a body out of the hospital, John. A morgue employee would have to sign some forms first, one copy of which would be kept in the morgue. In all probability, the forms would’ve been destroyed by now, but it’s worth a chance. It’s quite late, nobody will be there. We’ll just nip in and snoop around.”
“You can’t possibly bring her home. She knows that, too. You’ve already seen what she can do. Er - ” John hesitated. “Can she really control minds? Reprogram people, as Mycroft keeps saying?”
There was something strangely mocking about her tone as she sidled closer to him, almost whispering in his ear.
He crossed over to the kitchen and opened the window. Perhaps holding a baby next to an open window in the middle of a crisp London night wasn’t the best idea, but Rosie hushed immediately, sucking her thumb and staring up at Sherlock. Yes, she hated the confinement. He absentmindedly stroked her hair and looked out of the window. For once, he was seeing and not observing, for his thoughts were far away, on a guarded island in the middle of a lonely sea.
He got up and handed Rosie to John (“Unc! Bye!”), pausing to politely nod at Mrs Hudson on the stairs.
“You know why.” John said pointedly. “I gave you away at your wedding, Harry. You know exactly why.”
kept ringing in his ears like some sort of awful cacophony from hell. Finally, he gave up and went to the bedroom, calming down only when he saw the moonlight illuminate Sherlock’s face. He was clearly agitated, mumbling and thrashing, but he was alive.
Sherlock just stared at her silently, completely at a loss for words. How was he supposed to calm her down? She wouldn’t let him tell her the cool logic of it. “You’ve got a new boyfriend.” he muttered instead.
Sherlock opened one eye and cocked his eyebrow, surveying John carefully. “Both.” he said softly. John’s heart skipped a beat.
Sherlock shrugged and got up to retrieve the slinky. By the time it had cascaded down the steps a second time, Mycroft was sitting beside him.
“Sherlock.” John shifted closer to him, looking slightly uneasy. “The last time you decided your war with Moriarty was too personal led to you faking your own death. Don’t lock yourself away, please.”
Sherlock smiled. “I could never throw you out. You do take up a lot of unnecessary space, but you have your uses.”
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, and he let his head fall back on Sherlock’s shoulder, grateful for the support. At least his nose and mouth were out of the water now - but his shoulder still hurt, and he was still panicking, though it was slightly manageable now that Sherlock was with him.
“Look, Molly, while I understand that this put you in a difficult position...you should’ve told us. This involved my daughter getting kidnapped and drugged. You saw me two days after this. How could you not tell me?”
“Sherlock! Calm down, I’m not going anywhere. Mrs Hudson’s right; our flat is the best home I’ve ever had. I’m staying with you until you pick me up and throw me out.”
John cursed as he tore a thorn out of his shirt for the millionth time. The hedge he was hiding inside was prickly, to say the least. “Damn Sherlock.” he muttered to himself, “He gets to sit in a warm, cozy restaurant while I freeze or possibly bleed to death in this hedge.”
Sherlock wasn’t exactly in a position to argue, so he just shrugged and let John take over, deft doctors’ fingers dabbing carefully at his face with a scented wipe.
“Tell him what?” Sherlock asked innocently, although he knew it was futile. As John had very eloquently put it, Molly had learnt to see through his bullshit long ago.
“Yes. You check her luggage, I’ll check her person. I mean...” Sherlock trailed off awkwardly, “That’s not what I meant, um…”
He stopped talking abruptly as the nurse wheeled Xavier Trevor out and towards them. He seemed much calmer today, loosely pinching the yarn between his fingers instead of twisting it forcefully. He almost beamed at them, but the smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“All right, John, come on.” he said softly, “Let’s get you sorted out. You’re in no state to sleep on the sofa tonight.”
Lestrade was silent for a while. “I like you a lot more when Dr Watson’s around.” he remarked. Sherlock silently agreed.
He looked so genuinely mortified and guilty that John couldn’t even bring himself to be angry. “It’s fine. Where’s Rosie?”
Sherlock came out of his bedroom and rolled his eyes. “Pretty sure tea’s not good for babies, John.”
“So I went to the morgue, but everything was dark and silent, until these two men stepped out of the shadows. I couldn’t even see their faces - it was too dark and they were covered. Both of them were armed, and one of them had Rosie. They’d drugged her.”
The door sprang open, and Sherlock walked in, tearing off his coat and muffler. “What did you find?” he asked abruptly, pausing for a moment to smile at Rosie.
John nodded at the frail old woman sitting at the kitchen table. Bertha smiled back at him, but her smile vanished almost instantly, and she went back to staring broodingly at the kitchen table. Her fingers nervously drummed on the wood, and John didn’t need a medical degree to deduce that she was an addict.
“Very sor-” John started, but Sherlock cut him off. “You had separate nameplates, and you took his down after his death. I take it the marriage wasn’t a happy one?”
“Good.” Sherlock said, tearing off his scarf and handing it to John. “It’s quite stuffy in here. Couldn’t you tell the forensics team to clear out? They damage more than they uncover.”
“Now, see to it that you boys clean up after yourselves.” she said, “Remember, I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper." As she disappeared into the kitchen, Sherlock quickly got up and started clearing away the first-aid kit.
“Thanks, Sherlock.” He turned away, but turned back almost instantly. There was no use hiding anything. It was too late - had been much too late for a while now. “For what’s it worth, neither can I. Especially not after yesterday.”
John wasn’t too relieved. What if she was permanently impaired in some way? He should’ve paid closer attention to where he was going, stopped the cabbie while they were still in the busy parts of London…
Sherlock nodded curtly and turned around, grabbing John’s arm and leading him to the gate. They hailed a cab, and Sherlock quickly directed the cabbie to St Bart’s.
As Irene settled into a seat, her back to the window, Sherlock’s heart gave a pang. That was right where John had been sitting when he’d asked Sherlock if he had a boyfriend, that stupid little smile on his face.
Since neither Sherlock nor Mycroft had the patience to sit still and wait for the afternoon, they set off for Xavier Trevor’s house right after breakfast. The nurse greeted them, looking worn-out and stressed.
After giving his initial statement to the police, Adams had specifically said that he didn’t want to be contacted unless absolutely necessary, and then barricaded himself in his hotel room. Try as he might, Sherlock couldn’t find a chance to talk to him. The giant yellow 4 on the door irked him, too. It was obviously a countdown for the number of crimes, but he had no idea where the next one would take place.
She scoffed. “There you go again. It’s from my parents, since it was my birthday yesterday. Bet you didn’t even think I
Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. He thought back to their meeting with Eurus, to the way John had reacted when she brought up the well…
“Er, I know this is a crazy theory, but if it’s in the boy’s room, maybe he found out about it and reached out to her.” John said, “She hired the Golem to murder the boy. Doesn’t really explain the dead wife, though.”
He was glad for the moonlight and the way it illuminated John’s face - his blonde hair, his sparkling eyes, the small smile as Sherlock tentatively reached out to touch his face. He grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s shirt - but softly, gently, like he had all the time in the world - and pulled him down for another kiss.
He was cut short by Mrs Hudson pattering into the room. He instantly dropped John’s hand and turned away, trying to hide his disappointment.
“Well, I think I’ve depressed you enough.” Lestrade turned away and began walking down the street, but turned around when Sherlock called after him.
“I - I don’t know. I was walking home from somewhere late one night when a man grabbed me and put a knife to my throat and pushed me up against a wall. It was too dark, I couldn’t even see his face. He just told me that I would receive a letter soon and I had better do exactly as it said - or he would find me and kill me.”
After the Fall, John had tried to move on - what choice did he have? He’d succeeded, but only for a while, it seemed. With Mary’s death and Irene Adler’s return, he could feel the walls crumbling. Every emotion he had ever felt before Sherlock’s death and shut out after was trickling back in. It was mostly jealousy which had made him realize just how deeply he loved Sherlock. But he wasn’t ready for this; not so soon after Mary.
As she climbed up the stairs, the handcuffs chafed at her wrist and she stopped momentarily. Her nurse put a hand on her shoulder to steady her, and Eurus turned back to smile fondly, careful to hide it from the two guards on either side of her.
“Sherlock, you can’t fill a Redbeard-shaped hole with a Rosie or a John.” He hesitated before suggesting an idea he’d already floated a thousand times. “We really should talk to Victor’s parents, you know.”
Sherlock took a bite, nodded his thanks and went back to staring at the clock. Mr Holmes took one, too, but Mycroft gave John such a glare that he hastily crammed the sandwich back into its box. He didn’t particularly blame Mycroft for being so touchy; his family was the one thing he actually cared about, after all.
John had seen it before, whenever someone innocent died - the guilt, the nightmares, the restlessness, the sulking. They lasted anywhere from a few hours to a few days, and Sherlock was usually best left alone with a blanket and a cup of tea. But John couldn’t bear to leave him alone now, and he slid into the blanket.
John sighed heavily, like he knew that there was no point in denying what they were both thinking. They’d gone out to prevent a death and witnessed two. He dropped the wipes and took Sherlock’s hand, massaging it softly, and Sherlock suddenly felt a lot calmer. Treated this way by anyone else, he would’ve felt patronized, but he didn’t mind John. John always pieced him back together after a case - physically and sometimes emotionally. Although he didn’t get attached to clients, he did try his best to save innocent lives. If a death happened when he could’ve prevented it, he considered it failure of the worst kind.
John nudged him, and he finally looked up, lips pursed with worry. They held eye contact for a heartbeat, then John pulled him into a hug, stroking his hair comfortingly.
“Well -” John glanced at his phone again. “Okay, then. Promise me you’ll take care, and call me if you need anything or if stuff gets too dangerous.”
“You work at a bee farm.” Sherlock commented, looking around the living room. “Think you could organize a tour for me someday?”
Sherlock nodded and took a sip of water, trying to force his brain to relax. They were at a Chinese restaurant opposite the Lucky Cat, a candle flickering between them. The table was small and cramped, which just made it all the more convenient for their feet to slot together under it. For years, they’d both tried to keep their legs tucked away (or at least John had) to avoid accidental touches. But now, John bumped his knee against Sherlock’s, who tried not to smile too widely.
He couldn’t believe how close he’d come to losing Rosie, but it had convinced him of the seriousness of the situation they were dealing with. He’d learnt from experience that whenever someone targeted him or his family, it was usually an indication that they would stop at nothing to tear Sherlock down. Moriarty, Magnussen, Eurus...they’d all followed the same technique.
“If you ever get the urge to, ever again,” Sherlock said softly, “You know where to find me. Well, I suppose I have everything I need. You two can go home if you’d so like - just show me the way to the hill where you camp.” He turned to John, who was pulling Sherlock’s coat tighter around himself, as if trying to melt into the fabric. “Are you okay?”
John and Sherlock huddled over the phone, their heads close together. John could feel Sherlock’s hair tickling his face, and he didn’t mind. Sherlock smelt like a combination of tea, dust and another familiar smell that he couldn’t quite place. Sherlock looked up, blue eyes flashing thoughtfully, and John had to resist the urge to lean in and brush a stray curl off his face.
“Noel - is that your name? - you must listen to me carefully. There’s nothing wrong with you and absolutely no reason to be ashamed. People are wired differently, and who you really are - it matters, and it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
“Can’t tell you until I compound it. To do that, I need to take the Woman to Sherrinford. We’ll have the element of surprise on our side.”
Sherlock laced his fingertips together; he was rather enjoying this case. “We’ll have to look into their family history.”
- and decided against it. Even without the pulse, he could gauge the effect he was having - John’s head tilting slightly upwards, the almost imperceptible increase in the pressure on his hand - but they were interrupted by Rosie’s angry scream at being neglected for so long.
“Quite so. But I wasn’t entirely honest with you.” Sherlock said. “There was one strand I couldn’t quite catch. Sebastian Moran.”
Something in Sherlock’s tone alarmed him, so Mycroft turned to face him and nodded. “I’m listening.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, exasperated. “You really are painfully slow on the uptake. Am I your first boyfriend?”
The doctor went into more detail, and Sherlock listened carefully, absorbing everything. Lots of rest, no sudden scares, no stress of any kind…Sherlock glanced at Mycroft and knew exactly what they were both thinking.
. But ever since John had moved back into Baker Street, there was something...different. Like glances and casual touches that lingered for seconds longer than necessary. Or the fact that it was no longer uncommon for them to wake up in the same bed - either John would crawl in because Sherlock had nightmares, or Sherlock would wake him up and bring him in when he thrashed about on the sofa. Sherlock put it all down to a craving for human intimacy due to his lingering grief.
Nicholas gave a low groan of horror and stepped away. His grip on the cup loosened, and it fell to the ground. Hot tea scalded Lestrade’s shoes as he caught Nicholas before he could fall, mouth open in a silent scream.
“No. It’s hardly something we can explain very easily. 'Hello, my genius sister killed your son because I wouldn’t play with her.'”
John buried his head deeper in Sherlock’s shirt. “Heterochromia iridis.” he said after a while, “It’s the medical term for your condition. That’s why your eyes change colour, depending on the light.”
He felt Sherlock slump in dismay beside him. For a moment, he tried to put himself in Sherlock’s situation. Harry locked up, his mother in the hospital...no matter how dysfunctional his family was, he’d want to be together one last time.
The waiting was agony, every minute of it. John answered the doctor’s questions as well as he could while craning his neck to watch out for Sherlock and news of Rosie. The doctor told him that he should stay for the rest of the day, that they would release him in the evening. John just nodded along, barely listening. The doctor had just left when Sherlock’s soft footfalls were heard and he entered.
“Come on.” John prompted, playing on Sherlock’s obvious weakness for praise, “I know you like this part. Show off for me, detective.”
. It wouldn't hurt to have a valid reason to drive away all those women who kept flirting with John.
John turned to face him, but Sherlock’s expression had shifted into something inscrutable and by no means reassuring.
“Even straight men have probably thought about kissing you at least once.” John said. “I mean, you’re gorgeous. All dark curls, sharp cheekbones, long limbs, the cupid’s bow - and not to mention those eyes.” He leaned forward to press a kiss to the point where Sherlock’s jawbone met his neck. “You have this ethereal beauty that just draws people in. I’ve spent so many hours just
“So, Sherlock Holmes.” Irene said, when they had ordered their food. She smiled demurely at him, and he didn’t return it. “What’s this really about?”
Sherlock picked up a fork, defeated, and moodily stabbed his food. The cutlery squeaked against the plate, and the waiter gave him a sour look.
“I know. It’s just - I thought I really didn’t have a choice. And then Molly made me say it right in front of you, and that was even worse, and I -”
. And yet he couldn’t stop his hand from trembling as he pulled out the letter, for the handwriting - it was Mary’s.
“But if he’s really leaving for Tibet tomorrow, how on earth am I supposed to find out who he really is?”
Rachel nodded to them and followed Lestrade out, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the living room.
They fell into silence again, and John noticed that they’d left Sherlock and Rachel far behind. He hoped that Sherlock had the good sense to follow the path and not run off into the woods on some wild scent. Noel stopped abruptly and stepped into the trees, leading John into a clearing. Set in the middle was a pond, its surface pristine and undisturbed, save a few stray leaves.
“So I’ve heard. And I wouldn’t say hopeless.” Sherlock said, letting go of him to eagerly unwrap the equipment. “Ah, yes! I needed these.
Sherlock snorted. “Oh, please. You didn’t even notice that I was dangerously close to overdosing until Mrs Hudson packed me in the boot and shoved me under your nose.” he said, pulling down the first-aid kit from its shelf.
“I’m heading to work now.” John rose. “If you’re not going out, can you watch Rosie? Molly’s busy and we can’t always leave her with Mrs Hudson.”
The two men sat in silence for a while, John constantly refilling Oliver’s glass. Finally, he was convinced that Oliver was intoxicated enough. “Er, do you mind if I use the loo?”
John cocked his head to the side, something like relief washing over his face. “There is some logic to what you’re saying. Still, I take full credit for what happened. I can’t blame anyone else for this.”
They sat in silence for a while, Irene picking at her food, Sherlock studying her closely. She was too well guarded; he couldn’t deduce
A while later, Mrs Hudson led him up the stairs, seeming unnaturally elated. The door was opened by John Watson, who quickly ushered him in. To his utter surprise, John handed Rosie to him and bustled off to the kitchen, saying “Hold her for a minute, will you?”
“You can’t blame yourself for the Garrideb brothers’ deaths.” he said softly, pushing Sherlock’s curls back from his face.
John nodded, meaning suddenly dawning on him. “You think she’s come for some other reason. She knew we were going to be investigating this, since it’s too bizarre to pass up.”
John closed his eyes again. His head throbbed painfully. “She’s all I have left of Mary.” he said, before slipping into deep slumber.
“Glad you could come.” he said, “Somebody broke into this house two nights ago and murdered the man’s son. I’ll let you hear the rest of it from him.”
“I can’t believe you don’t have 'how to set up a tent' in your mind palace. That’s basic information.”
“You’re not my first.” Sherlock interrupted. “But you are the first one it...meant something with. Any of it.”
John stopped his lips with a kiss. “No buts.” he said firmly. “I don’t care how neglected or isolated she felt, and I won’t let her make you doubt yourself. You didn’t kill
. Sherlock was too precious to lose. Underneath the brilliance and the sociopathy, he was the warmest, kindest and most selfless person that John knew.
“Exactly eleven days ago. Drug overdose. There, there, Hudders.” Sherlock said soothingly, rubbing her shoulders.
Sherlock relaxed and shot him a look. “You can call me that more often. Rosie, what are you trying to do?”
The waiter gave them another sour look as he extinguished the fire, John apologizing profusely for the mess. They quickly paid for their meal, leaving a hefty tip to compensate for the tablecloth, and John pulled him out and into a cab. The entire ride back home was silent, both trying hard to keep their hands off each other, not wanting to make the cab driver uncomfortable. After what seemed like an eternity, they were back at their flat in Baker Street, standing in the doorway.
Sherlock touched the rapidly throbbing bruise on his cheek. Compared to some of the other injuries he had amassed over time, it hardly bothered him, but he had expected John to overreact about it.
If he was surprised to see Irene, he didn’t show it. “Hello, Irene.” he said, “You’ve come in a hurry, but you’ve clearly still made an effort to dress. So you expected you’d see us here. ”
John smiled a little then, but it melted into a look of resignation. “You ‘appreciate the sentiment’? Is that all you have to say?”
“What mischief are you boys up to? Can’t sleep?” she asked. They both shrugged again, and she moved off to the kitchen, muttering something about warm milk.
“Don’t be silly. It’s not a competition. And I don’t care if you’re inexperienced - I like you the way you are.”
He trailed off, staring into the distance. They let him sit in silence for a few minutes, then the nurse lightly patted his shoulder.
Sherlock hesitated, but turned around. He let John slide off his dressing gown and help him out of his shirt. Even in the dim moonlight, the marks on his back gleamed angry and red against his porcelain skin. After all these months, they barely even bothered him much anymore, but then he’d always had a high threshold for pain. He heard a sharp intake of breath, then John’s fingers ghosted over his scars, feather-light.
“To be fair, John, you’ve seen a lot of women.” Sherlock said, “Although this one looks to be a little out of your age range.”
“So.” John finally said. He didn’t sound angry or disappointed, just sad. “She’s right. Everything - it’s the truth. I didn’t know that she knew.” His voice broke a little, and he finally looked up.
babies never grow up.” He smiled down at Sherlock’s head in his lap and ruffled his hair affectionately.
He wanted to pick up his violin and play something to help him think clearer, but he also didn’t want to disturb John or Rosie. The poor man really needed a good night’s sleep. When he wasn’t tending to Rosie or his patients, he was looking after Sherlock, forcing him to eat or sleep enough. Sherlock didn’t mind. He’d noticed that his body did tend to shut down after a few days of fasting.
Lestrade shuddered, turned around and put a hand on his forehead. “My god.” he whispered, “The Golem’s back. Well, I’m heading downstairs to inform everyone else about this. Let me know when you’re ready to leave.”
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, Major Character Death, AU
His eyes well with tears and the once strong, proud army doctor wavers slightly before dropping to his knees beside his best friend. Before he has a chance to react fully, a few people take him by the shoulders and pull him away. " No, he's my friend. He's my friend.
With a little persuading, John manages to get two weeks leave from his commanding officer to take care of a personal issue at home. When his feet finally touched English soil, he immediately traveled to Harry and Clara’s home to see about his sister. Harriet…was not doing well. Clara’s face is twisted in agony as she takes in her wife’s disheveled and pale face. As soon as Harriet saw her little brother, she giggled madly, rushed forward to envelop her Johnnie in a tight embrace, but missed and stumbled over her own feet. She giggled once more as John caught her around the waist to steady her, and as she raised her head, John noticed her pupils were the size of pinpricks.
John suddenly realizes how perfect this scene is. The light of the setting sun highlights his sleeping husband’s face in a way that makes him look so peaceful. John’s right hand is currently clasped in the detective’s left, and ever so often; Sherlock’s grip would subconsciously tighten as if to make sure that John was still there. He is on his way to Turin, Italy to celebrate his marriage to this dazzling man. The blogger can’t help but smile at this ideal scene.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Yes. Did you think I let you have the bigger room out of the goodness of my heart?” He pulled out a bright red wig. “John, people are rarely so selfless. I needed a place to keep all my disguises.” He put the wig on and Rosie squirmed with delight. She had abandoned the skull and was now snuggling comfortably in John’s arms.
The two brothers tramped out into the unkempt garden. Sherlock drew patterns in the mud with his foot, while Mycroft warily watched him out of the corner of his eye.
“Do you want us to leave?” he asked playfully, then saw the horrified look on Sherlock’s face and hastily backpedalled. “I’m only joking, love.”
“Should’ve known you weren’t exactly planning a beach trip.” John said, smirking slightly as he laid Rosie back in her cot.
As John shifted his cheek to rest more comfortably on Sherlock’s head, he silently agreed. The dying fire hissed and crackled, but both men ignored it. John saw no reason to pay attention to anything except how easily Sherlock fit into him and the way the firelight softly illuminated his face - things he had thought about a thousand times before, but never tired of. They both stayed there, leaning against an armchair and into each other, for a long time after the fire had gone out.
She sighed resignedly. “Noel’s gay. He told me a few months ago, and he made me promise I’d keep it a secret from his father, because Fred was quite the homophobe. I never would’ve married him if I knew, but, like I said...he changed. A few weeks before his death, he came home in a drunken rage, and he walked in on Noel and his boyfriend in the basement. Well, he...he starting beating Noel then. Not the slap kind. The belt kind. ” Her hands clenched angrily. “I wasn’t at home, or I would’ve stopped him. For days after that, I kept pestering Noel about why he winced like that every time he leaned back against anything, and he finally broke down and told me about it. That’s when I called my lawyer to find out about a possible divorce.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but his words froze somewhere in the back of his throat. There was so much he wanted to say, but he was completely overwhelmed by the fact that this was happening, actually happening, that John was saying everything he’d always wanted to hear. Part of him wanted to reach out and pinch himself just to confirm that he wasn’t dreaming.
“I’m still living with you, aren’t I? Besides, nobody I’ve ever dated could possibly compare to you.”
Noel swallowed shakily. “Look, I - I appreciate this, but you don’t know me. With all due respect, you really don’t know what it’s like in
She drifted into one of her sadder, less active moods. Hours later, she was cheered by the sight of her brother emerging from the lift. As John Watson stepped out from behind him, her eyes lingered over the bandage on his hand and the light scar on his forehead.
will keep Irene out of the way and find out what she’s been up to. We’ll kill two birds with one stone.”
John continued to glare at him until he finally relented. “Fine. I’ll buy a mini-fridge and store my chemicals and body parts there.”
As Sherlock headed towards his violin case, he was distracted by a muffled sob from his bedroom. He frowned. Rosie was sleeping peacefully in a cot near the couch. Did that mean…?
“It certainly feels like it. Each one of these cases has led back to someone who means something to me in whatever capacity.”
“It also had - had - my wife’s address, and a photo of her sleeping, and it said that if I didn’t do exactly what was asked of me, I’d see her dead.”
“John, come on, wake up. Open your eyes, please. Please.” he said hoarsely. He was vaguely aware that Rachel was doing the same with her son, but he had to wake John up first -
“In the morgue….everything just bubbled up and over the top. I blamed you for my guilt, for making me fall in love with you, and it was wrong, I was so wrong. I didn’t want to deal with my own feelings - it was easier to pin them on you. You made a vow, but so did I - only mine were wedding vows. I lost control, but I swear to you, it will never happen again. I’m talking to Ella, and I’m going to do everything I can. I will never hurt you again. Can you trust me?”
He had endured war, injury and tragic loss, but there was one thing which set the battlefield apart from Sherrinford - there, he was in control. He could fight or flee, kill or die, it was ultimately up to him. Here in Sherrinford, he had been at Eurus’ mercy; a pawn in her stupid games. She knew she could manipulate them into doing what she wanted, and she used this knowledge to her advantage. He avoided thinking about the Governor, the cells, the Garrideb brothers, Sherlock’s love confession, but mostly, he steered clear of the well.
“The point is,” Sherlock continued, ignoring him, “Someone pretended to be his dead wife. Remember, he only caught a glimpse of her, and that too in dim candlelight. Even if it was someone who moderately resembled her, his brain would’ve warped it around to suit what he wanted to see: his wife, alive again.” Sherlock hesitated. He wondered if this was too painful for John to think about, but John motioned for him to continue. “While this prankster was distracting him, the Golem was upstairs, murdering his son. Oliver then fainted, and by the time he came to, both the Golem and his wife were gone.”
As the clock struck six, Sherlock tried to swallow the lump in his throat. On the cab ride to the hospital, he had thought about confessing his true emotions to John, but he couldn’t do it. Firstly, he didn’t know how to. Was he just supposed to say ‘I love you’ and leave it at that? Was he supposed to bring chocolates or roses or something? Secondly, if John didn’t feel the same way, he would probably move out. The last time that had happened, Sherlock had hallucinated, almost overdosed and put himself in firing range of a serial killer - on purpose.
“Well, you must’ve deduced some stuff yourself when you were out with Irene. Are you going to tell me about what happened with her?”
“When I ripped your coat off, you stumbled away - but you didn’t distance yourself from the explosives. You were trying to get away from the pool. Today, the water triggered your PTSD. Eurus chose to drown you, and I doubt it was just for metaphorical value. But you don’t just have hydrophobia. It’s something more complex.”
John and Sherlock were standing outside the flat, waiting for someone to open the door, which had a giant yellow 4 painted on it. The small nameplate on the door said Upton Adams.
Sherlock looked at him, so utterly morose and bereft that John instantly pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around him tightly.
“- or he wants us to think he’s in Poland, when he could actually be anywhere.” John completed for him. “Basically, the only thing we know is that he’s alive.”
Sherlock just mumbled something inaudible into his shoulder and held on tighter, ignoring the water from his soggy jumper. John let him stay. He couldn’t have extricated himself from that octopus grip even if he wanted to. Sherlock finally nodded and pulled away, then had second thoughts and wrapped John in his coat with him.
Sherlock stepped forward, arm accidentally brushing against John’s, sending tingles up it. He fumbled around in the wardrobe and the back slid away.
Sherlock watched him go, his heart in his throat. This was all going wrong, and horribly so - John wasn’t supposed to leave. Heck, John
Meanwhile, John had drifted over to the photos hanging on the wall. There was one in particular which caught his eye. It was clearly more recent than the rest; the colours were sharp and the corners only slightly ragged. It was a photo of a sullen old woman, and John had the distinct feeling that they’d met.
“In a way, Irene Adler represents everything that I try to hide. I repress and abhor emotions, but she strives off of them. Emotions, you understand, not sentiment. I control mine, but her? Oh, she rides them like a wave. That’s the difference, you see. What happened with Victor -“ Sherlock broke off abruptly.
Sherlock followed him out. The rain had stopped, but the evening sky was still gloomy and overcast. After a while, he dug around in his pocket for a cigarette, but obviously, there wasn’t one. He wondered if he could give John the slip and sneak one from the old man across the street, but then gave up on the idea. He settled for dragging John back into the hospital. Wondering if there had been any developments in the last five minutes, he looked hopefully at Mycroft, who shook his head and continued pacing.
“He was Moriarty’s right hand man. Shortly before Moriarty’s death, he just vanished. Oh, slippery as an eel, that man - I’ve never even come close to catching him. Ever since I came back to London, he’s probably been building up an empire somewhere else.”
She took a deep breath. “If you think it’ll help with the case, I’m ready to tell you the truth about Sherrinford. How much do you know?”
. After spending the past two days unsuccessfully hounding Mrs Hudson for more information, he’d hit yet another dead end. At this point, he felt like a sitting duck - just waiting for the next crime, the next move on the chessboard. He recognized John’s gait on the stairs -
Sherlock stuffed his muffler into his collar. “Yes, John, I just found out that I have a crazy sister who almost killed all of us, get over it. But I don’t know why that means that I have to stay locked up all day and brood about it. I’m not grieving and I’m not scared, and even if I was, the criminals wouldn’t care. Eurus is in Sherrinford and the cases are
“Yea, ‘course I remember the Baskervilles. You tried to drug me and locked me in a cage for your experiment. Good times. By all means, do go on.”
John cocked his head and scrutinised him. It wasn’t like Sherlock to lie around and whine about not knowing enough. He usually just hounded Lestrade and everyone associated with the crime till he got what he wanted. But he’d been sulking all day, giving John weird, mooning glances from across the room.
Harry stared at him for a second, and then to his immense surprise, she began giggling. He hadn’t seen her laugh this hard since they were kids. She laughed till there were tears in her eyes, and then she wiped them away and giggled some more.
After what seems like an eternity to John, Sherlock’s eyes clear and they’ve lost the hollowed look from before. “Do you really mean that?”
It took Sherlock three strokes later before he was spilling his release on John's hand, "John! Yesyesyesyes! John!" That was all it took for John who was cumming only moments later with a muffled moan into Sherlock's collar bone.
John wasn't embarrassed by his love, he was in fact mostly very proud, but he could do without the agitated whispers coming from the other nurses and staff members. So, when they finally returned home, both blogger and detective breathed a collective sigh of relief. The doctor told both men that the healing process would take three to four weeks and during that time Sherlock couldn't do any strenuous activity, he would have to drink plenty of fluids, get plenty of sleep, and eat a healthy diet. Sherlock ignored the doctor but John nodded his head diligently, already planning out dietary plans and rest schedules that will most likely be ignored by the wounded sleuth.
"The self-loathing only mounted as he realized that John was right. He was a freak... A machine... A monster. "
. There’s no point in dragging John any further into all of this. Do shut up, Mycroft.” John opens his mouth to argue (that he
Over 28 million people donated their emotions by participating in Dr. Goode’s Pathos Eradicator, emotional extraction process. Despite Dr. Goode’s assurance that there would be no repercussions in this experiment, we at Pathogens Incorporated regret to inform you that the emotions, that were only supposed to be temporarily unavailable, are now lost. The black pill capsules, otherwise known of lanthoszine, that were given to participating donors were supposed to reverse the abstraction process, regrettably, had the opposite effect.
John would return home after each day and methodically clean his gun. He had done this countless times before in the army, but each day when he would withdraw it from its hiding place, it had become a hardship to place it back. He would lie away at night, staring up at the ceiling, wondering why he continued with the charade. He lived, but his world was gray, dull, and colorless. He hated it. By now, John had lived a miserable existence of 34 years.
Both men stop outside the morgue’s doors when Sherlock gently reaches out and tugs John’s arm, bringing them flush together. The detective brings one hand up and traces John’s cheek before leaning in to place a sweet kiss upon the blogger’s thinner lips. The loving pair withdraw and Sherlock whispers, “I love you, John.” The adoring army doctor’s face lights up and he hugs the sentimental sleuth closer until his head lays on the taller man’s chest. “I love you too.” The soulmates then withdraw and John turns to leave. Once again, long lanky fingers curl around the doctor’s bicep and tug him around so that he can peer up at the nervous detective. John’s brow furrows as he takes in Sherlock’s agitation and uncharacteristic uneasiness. When the detective begins to speak John expects the worst.
Before John gets a chance to answer Sherlock continues, "I could clearly deduce that you had no intention of returning to the flat. In a normal situation, you would have stayed by my side, no matter what I had said. Your rigid frame and cold tone told me as much. I can only conclude that you had returned for the rest of your things."
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of voilence (off screen?) and descriptions of gore/horror(?) (all of these are just to be safe. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please).
He still doesn’t know how he’s made it to 38. His flat is too small and dismal at best. With an army pension, one can’t afford London. His life is so dull and grey. Cleaning his gun used to be a mandatory, quick affair, but now he finds himself lingering. His thoughts drift to darker areas, and putting the gun back in his desk drawer gets harder and harder every day. His therapist wants him to start a blog, but, really, ‘
Sherlock reads the sadness and regret John displays, but most of all, there is no falsehood. John means everything he says and he is desperately hoping that Sherlock will see that. The amateur detective’s heart had felt broken when his soulmate had denied their connection, but he now he sees what John was trying to do. John was only trying to protect Sherlock from someone the blogger perceived as a threat. With all of this in mind Sherlock makes a decision.
The Consulting Detective blinks slowly and stutters out, “W-whatever he has on you, Mary, I can help you. You don’t have to do this.”
When John is a few feet away from the uncomfortable detective, he stops and stares up at him with widened eyes. "John, I-." Unfortunately at that moment, John decides to move and proceeds to do so by punching him in the face. Both individuals land on the floor with a loud thud, John on top of Sherlock. "WHO THE BLOODY HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?" Sherlock scrambles back from where he had fallen to gape at the angry army doctor. "John, it's me! Sherlock." He laughs bitterly and his voice becomes biting and cold when he answers, "Sherlock is dead. I watched him fall. You are not him." At that, John tackles the offending man, raises his hand, and brings it down to to strike him again…yet, this time he stops. Before his fist can connect with the angular features before him, he remembers another time when this same face lay bloodied and lifeless on the stony streets of London.
The one whose intelligence is not even close to Mycroft's, but who is smart enough to see and appreciate Mycroft's brilliance and competence. The one who cannot and will not even dream of dominating or competing against Mycroft. The one who will never, not in a million years, want authority and power the way Mycroft and Sherrinford have always desired, simply because he is not built that way. The one who will praise him and marvel at him, not mindlessly but with understanding; and who is, at the same time, completely devoid of the possibility of being his enemy or being 'the smart one.' The safe one.
John took a moment before understanding what Sherlock was talking about. The serial suicides. So the police actually called him? It was interesting news, but it still didn't answer his question.
"You're paying for the chair," Irene said, glaring at Bill. "You're the reason I had to use the chair in the first place."
He could just fool anyone off the streets and make them play the part. He could pay them, even; he had some money left from his allowance, because he didn't have to buy anything these past few months. He even had Mycroft's card. But it took convincing and planning and detailed observation to pick a perfect dummy. It should be someone not too interfering, someone that wouldn't bother Sherlock after his usefulness has been drained; it should be someone who wouldn't have problem with the police force, someone who didn't have a criminal record, someone who was decent enough and had the image of an overall fine citizen so that Lestrade would feel fine dumping the responsibility of Sherlock on him or her. Someone who was gullible enough for Sherlock to convince them coming with him to the scene. Oh, and someone who was unfazed by seeing a dead body and an actual crime scene.
In one fleeting moment, Sherlock could have sworn he had seen a crimson, fiery flash of color amongst the blurred images just before he became unconscious.
The sight before John makes him pause for a moment. Even though John knows that Sherlock has been stabbed and can see the white bandages wrapped around his pale abdomen, the long stretch of near translucent skin makes him pause only briefly to enjoy the view.
“Ah. John Watson. To what do I owe this pleasure?” The umbrella twirling, British Government drawls out in an uninterested air.
." When there is still no reply he silently walks up the remaining stairs and gently opens the blogger 's door.
After what feels like an eternity, and most of the tears have stopped, Clara slowly extracts herself carefully from John’s grasp still sniffling. She slowly reaches into her purse and extracts a sleek, silver mobile phone and extends her arm for John to take the small device.
Said blogger heaves a put upon sigh and takes two mugs down for tea. "Sherlock, I've already told you that you do not have to go. I'm not going to make you go." The amateur detective goes into the kitchen, stands beside his threadmate, crosses his arms, and pouts. "I just don't see the point in getting utterly sloshed to have a good time. Nor do I understand the idea of hiring some exotic dancer to entertain us for the evening."
Notes: I'm sick. I'm so sick that I've been in bed all day. I'm sorry this is so short but, I feel so bad and I just finished this today and my lovely beta had to actually get this story out of me. She beta'd fortunately just in time (Again, thank you Anne :D). I'll try and answer all the comments Saturday. I'll talk to you all Saturday. I'm going back to bed. :/
"You don't. Now shut up. I have a woman to go back to, and you have the whole of London to impress again. People coming to your door and complimenting you for everything. That's heaven for you isn't it?" John gave a mocking smile, insincere. Sherlock had to zip his own mouth to not reply to that, to not say how heaven isn't heaven for him without John. But the little hope he had earlier was completely obliterated by a few phrases of words from the man he cared too much for. But if it's not reciprocated, what's the point of trying again?
"Okay. I know a place that makes great chips a few minutes' walk from Baker Street" he said as he fixed the dark blue scarf around his pale, slightly freckled neck. John would have never thought of having even went out with a man, but look at where's he's standing now.
“Solve me a case, Sherlock Holmes,” Janine smiled back and turn to her back before exiting the door, the same moment his pretentious smile exited his face. The door closes with a soft click and Sherlock turns to John to continue with his tirade about the whole politic-driven case.
"Not planning to," before John tried to mutter incoherently, he shut John up with a deep kiss, giving John the dominance of exploring his mouth with his tongue while Sherlock was enjoying his dominance over John's body, worshipping the beauty that's writhing for more contact under him. All the friction made their cock throbbing and leaking with precum evidently seen pooling a little on John's abdomen and yet it wasn't enough. John wrapped both their cocks with his hand and began fisting in a fast motion, causing Sherlock to let out a sharp cry before forming a string of moans at this sudden decision for John to take charge of situation.
“Soon. I estimated he should wake up sometime in this hour. The doctor didn’t use too much anaesthetic on him, so it should wear out now,” Rosie was obviously not pleased with the answer, if her nose crinkle and forehead was anything to go by.
“I-yes. I’m his… fiancee” he declared but he couldn’t be proud of the title. Not then when his John is in god-knows-how-bad condition. The medical crew asking him the familial connection question seemed partly shocked, perhaps because the
"Oh, I didn't interrupt your shower," he neared his lips to John's ear. And honest to god, John shivers a bit at the hot breath against his earlobe. "I only interrupted your act of arousal," he smirked and licked the sensitive spot under John's ear, which sensation only jolts down to his penis.
“It’s not that I didn’t want to see you anymore, John, but upon my return it seemed that Mycroft was right as always. I was rather unwelcomed. You had… Mary,” Sherlock gave a pinched smile when he managed her name out of his mouth.
John left the room where Lestrade was loyally waiting for him and a guard was already holding up a tray of lunch food for him to bring it to Sherlock's cell. The guard led him down a few floors and entered the third door on the left of the long hallway. He was finally in a room that connected directly to Sherlock's room. The guard had stopped leading him up until that room, and now he's alone behind the door to Sherlock. Sighing, he opened the door by scanning an authorization card and once inside, he noticed the off-white surrounding, barely a hint of colour except... except the raven curls on the bed. God, he was even as pale as the sheets. Bracing himself, he stepped closer to the glass barrier that kept Sherlock inside the confinement.
“Nope,” he replied, with the popping of the ‘p’ at the end. John could only sigh and put pressure on the depressions of his head with his left hand.
"Oh that... Don't bother, Mrs. Hudson. I can manage," he said and averted eye contact. Mrs. Hudson just frowned at the response, finding it a bit childish and also unreasonable.
"Show me your wrist," John knew Mycroft mentioned this concern during their briefing, but he let it pass because he was too confused and frustrated to even process new information at that moment. Sherlock, with a blank face, pulled up his sleeves to show the deep carving of "JW", deep enough to risk his own life. Sherlock looked down at the scar clearly in deep thought, most probably questioning himself about
. Try asking Mycroft and see if he would tell you,” she closed the door and John was starting to grow concerned for Sherlock. They didn’t even leave the street when John dialed Mycroft’s number in his phone and tried to reach him. He eventually picked up after a few rings.
cancelled out on him. He probably be apologizing a lot for ending the date early, as a typical date with him would last until the end of the night or sometimes until the next morning.
"Mycroft offered me the usual job position in the MI6 for me. Technically I never left or resigned, but now my name's back in the team for larger operations,"
"My work was supposed to be dangerous, it's better if people think I'm dead so I can work well undercover, under various disguises,"
way," he walks closer to a bewildered Sherlock who was trying to make sense of the sentence. He must think this was just some trick, still. When he's at arm's length, he was about to reach out to grab Sherlock's hand a little too quickly because he saw how he flinched at the movement. Both with sorry in their eyes, John properly took one of Sherlock's hand and crouched in front of him so that he wouldn't need to look up at John or in a way forcing him to meet face to face.
“She’s a smart woman, John. Even I wouldn’t deny that, just as much as I wouldn’t deny that she must have seen your attraction towards me since you both met. She must understand the situation. We’ll make things work,” Midway in the sentence, he put one hand on John’s cheek and smiles reassuringly. John put his own palm on top of Sherlock’s large, dainty hand.
“Sherlock. Leave, please? Before you ruin more of my life,” his tears wouldn’t stop falling. He needs to feel numb. As soon as possible. Numb was a good alternative for the pain he’s feeling then and there. He practically ran out of the room and aimlessly trudged around, trying to find a solution to all of these shenanigans. But he knew that would result in nothing, because memory loss that long were usually permanent. He couldn’t do anything, but to try and calm himself even if were illegally.
“Mr. Holmes, is it?” Sherlock just nodded quickly, anticipating his coming words. The doctor looked over at Mrs. Hudson and little Rosie and nodded, as a courtesy of acknowledgement, before looking back at Sherlock, who was now standing up, visibly fatigue. The doctor smiled at him and Sherlock relaxed greatly, knowing that there wasn’t any dire situation.
buck his hips and fuck Sherlock's mouth when he started to take John in his mouth, bobbing in an even rhythm. Every now and then he takes John all in and the vibrations he felt at the back of Sherlock's throat was so stimulating, he couldn't help arching his back and accidentally thrust in his mouth in which Sherlock had to forcefully hold his hips down to the mattress once he choked a bit on the sudden movement. Once he's gotten better control of the situation, Sherlock began to tease his balls with his free hand and his perinulum with his tongue every time he takes it all in.
"You were depressed for losing him! You were devastated like there was no tomorrow and now he's back, this is the treatment you're giving him?
"I said sorry, didn't I?" Sherlock muttered and muffled through the tissue he had held to his nose. The Glassgow kiss wasn't at all necessary, personally. But then again, John is a hot headed man. But Sherlock just don't get it. What's there to be mad about. He explained the gist of the plan, informed of the terrorist attack and said sorry.
"But it's always the two of us against the rest of the world, right? You had her because you wanted to overcome grief. You don't have to anymore! Just come back to 221B and I can make up for the two years". It's humiliating for Sherlock to beg like this, but in his mind, he's desperate. He had paved the way through torture and dirt, to keep the people he loved safe. And he made sure he survived to go back to John.
"Make me what, Sherlock?" Sherlock gave an apologetic expression when he was about to answer when he heard wailing of little Watson from the other room. Usually he would stay and let her own father handle her tantrums but he obviously needed an escape from this suffocating conversation, and fled for her.
"What was that, hm?" Mary questioned John's behavior, and she will all over again unless she get the answer she so clearly wants.
"John said that I'm a consulting detective. Is that what people see me as? The detective who ran around solving cases you and/or my brother throw at me?"
"Tell me your last name," he asked in a lower voice, uncertainty in his voice while frowning at his own question. Mycroft closed his book and finally looked at his lost brother with seriousness. "Can't remember it, can you?" he raised one eyebrow while awaiting for Sherlock's response.
?” John chuckled as he took off the ring and put in beside him. If he could move a lot more, he would’ve put it on the bedside table, Sherlock was sure of it. John was now accusing Sherlock for playing a sick prank on his because he wasn’t at all convinced that he missed years of his life. Mrs. Hudson was now hugging Rosie, trying to calm her when she started crying after John clarified that he doesn’t believe that she was his Rosie. His Rosamund Mary. Sherlock felt heat coming up in his cheeks, whether it was because he felt like crying or screaming, he didn’t care anymore. He was holding onto the ring on his finger so tightly as if it’s the last bit of his dream that still existed in real life. With every stabbing words, his heart shattered little by little and eventually came out in the form of tears from his eyes. When the tears streamed down his face, Rosie released herself from Mrs. Hudson’s hug and stood in front of Sherlock with so much hate in her eyes.
to be the first, of all people," he pulled Sherlock in for a long kiss and moaned in his mouth when he felt Sherlock teasing his entrance with his lubed up fingers. When he felt his finger breach the ring of muscles, John's breath hitched and Sherlock put one hand on his cheek, caressing it and asked him to keep eye contact, relaxing himself. All the while Sherlock moved his fingers, he tenderly kissed John to make sure he's relaxed enough for him to add another finger or two, efficiently opening him up.
"I have your lunch," John started off gentle. No need to shock him yet. Sherlock sighed and just looked at his long fingers.
John was walking home, tired from his long, boring day at work in the hospital. Usually he would have company walking back, but Mary was feeling unwell; a headache, she said. He offered to stay home and take care of her, but she insisted otherwise.
“There. That should do,” John said after covering the wounds with a roll of bandages after cleaning up the blood and putting on some necessary ointments. He tried so hard to maintain his ‘good, friendly doctor’ persona for Sherlock’s sake because some more meddling would honestly anger Sherlock even more. But for John, it was crucial to know everything and understand Sherlock, even if it’s through shouting and screaming.
"I am nice for an advantage, for a heads up and to be ahead in a situation. People don't help nor reward arrogant arses do they? So tell me, what's the point of being as nice to you anymore if it doesn't make you-" he pauses.
Finally Mycroft broke the news to the ones who had always believed in Sherlock, even believed that he really did died two years previous to this unexpected reunion.
"Brother, do you really think he will act nicely if he ever get you back, knowing that you failed your mission?" he spat out these words while raising his eyebrow, as if stating the obvious but
He turned down the heating of the shower, hoping the cold water would reduce his arousal, which it did at least a little. But as he was feeling relieved by the lift of burden, he heard Sherlock from the sink calling his name.
Slowly, he put his arms around Sherlock and buried his face in Sherlock's shirt. He could tell Sherlock was a bit startled by the sudden action, but he did eventually wrapped his arms around John's shorter figure eventually and rest his chin on top of John's head. Sherlock let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding and just kept John in his arms, as if letting go would means John would run off, but when John hugged him tighter, he was calmer.
He walked slowly, almost as if scared a quick movement would trigger another row, back to the kitchen and tried his best to focus on the drop of sample on a glass slide. But he was clearly only looking blankly into the microscope when his mind was full of worst case scenario about his relationship between him and John if the conversation were to happen again,
John nodded at the man and looked at Lestrade. He was clearly nervous, because what if the man from the car wasn't lying? What if, upon entering the room, they would see Sherlock sitting in a chair with a very neutral and relaxed face. Lestrade looked back at John and pushed the door open for the both of them, because at this point no one was going to do it. Upon entering however, he just wished he could go back when he saw who was inside. John would have agreed to his thoughts if he had said it out loud, he was sure of it because he heard John sighed in annoyance but also in relief. A conversation with Mycroft wasn't anywhere near
“Let’s go home, Sherlock.” He hid his red-rimmed eyes and just nodded to the request and leans into the touch.
"Tell me if it hurts, John. Don't need no injured soldier here," advised Sherlock when he positioned himself at the entrance.
"My pupils are dilated because of the evident lack of light in this room. My eyes are red not from drugs, or at least not anymore, John. It's red because... because, I've been...
"It's the end of an era. Both Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft seemed to agree with that" he admitted, and the reality hit him once again. He needed more than just one stick of the cigarette.
"I don't know Sherlock, I don't know what he made you think, or what he was doing, for fucks sake I didn't even know you were alive, Sherlock!"
Last he clapped eyes on that precious doctor was on the night of his wedding, after he deduced Mary's pregnancy-the third Watson that would eventually be the permanent glue between the couple. The thought that he definitely had no chance for John anymore was tremendously hurtful and he just couldn't be reminded by the idea, so he left, early.
When the wound on his knuckles were covered with sanitized gauze, he realized that the blood just seemed to be too much for just a knuckle wound, but when he trailed his fingers towards the unbuttoned sleeve cuff, he sensed the tense growing in Sherlock, but no signs of protest, so he pushed up the sleeve and his heart broke. Under the dark coloured sleeve were lines and lines of self-inflicted cuts, but given the uneven lines, it was not from a knife but- John eyed some broken twigs and branched at Sherlock’s feet which was covered in some blood and he instantly looked up to properly see into the pale eyes that expressed the wonders of the galaxy, but when he did, it was… empty. Just… sadness and fear. None of the usual thrill and brilliance. He put his hand on the pale nape and pull him down slightly before wrapping his arms around the broken figure, in hopes to put him back together. But before he knew it, the shoulders he was hugging was starting to shake ever so slightly and Sherlock was holding back tears.
It was already dark by the time he got tired from all the emotions. He was basically drained. If it weren’t for the streetlamp, he would’ve relocate himself to another place. But the absence of life there was enough reason despite the dim light for him. Alone.
He took the opportunity to rush to the shower first because damn he really need some thorough washing from the sweat and dirt from the night before. He let the water flow down his body as he closes his eyes, letting himself relax after a busy night that strained his muscles for a bit. The hot water certainly helps the muscles to loosen up. As the steam rises to the ceiling, he poured soap onto his palm before he lather it all over his torso.
It would not be an easy task, but he needed to break the news of Sherlock's return to John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson. Maybe he'd lead only the two men to his office and inform Mrs. Hudson personally at 221B Baker Street. She was in fact an aged woman, might as well give her the comfort of home upon receiving a discomforting information. He needed to let the cat out of the bag, because he needed their cooperation to bring back the old Sherlock.
“Uhm… Yes. But I thought you were ‘the man without emotions’,” his remark made Sherlock stopped in his tracks to give a good glare at John.
"Sherlock, you don't need to ask. You can have all the chance you need," Sherlock smiled at this and placed a feather-light kiss on top of John's head.
The responses Mycroft had managed to harvest out of both John and Lestrade-especially John, was well expected. He did tensed to hear them criticize him and raised his voice because for years of intervening in their lives about Sherlock,
He reached the door at the end of the memory hallway and pushed the door open. It was clearly a spare bedroom, barely used. Judging from the stuff left there, it must be where Harry would be sleeping in when she visits her little brother. He took in all the information of the room and he went to the mirror only to be shocked at how exhausted he looked like. The darkness under his eyes were visible, the flush of pink on his cheeks from the cold and the shadowy depth of his cheekbone was clearly showing how badly he took care of himself. He smoothed out his frizzy hair and at that moment glanced at a worn out paper on the table.
He just let out a sigh, thinking maybe the whole thought processes could continue tomorrow, when he's well rested. The night's been overwhelming, and he was sure it wasn't just for him alone.
"Shit Sherlock, just go faster- I just want you, all of you," and so he did what he asked. He increased his pace and began licking the sides of John's neck, making a few bruises while at it, relishing himself with the vibrations from John's throat when he made all those wonderful sounds, and he was thirsty for more. He raised one of John's leg and rest it on his shoulder before he started to push himself deeper and harder into John while moving his hips to find a better angle. At one point, John suddenly bucked hard and arched his back and he saw white in full pleasure.
He knew what John said was out of pure stress and anger because the volumes of his voice radiates from it. He felt it and wanted to cower in a corner because of the intensity of it. But those anger weren’t necessarily meant for Sherlock, it’s just that he was the only one present that he can express those distress onto. The one and only one present that relates to all of John’s source of anger. Maybe he truly was at fault. It was all his fault, his trigger. Maybe that’s true, but the thought of his efforts wasted just like that had been too painful. He had been too involved in this friendship, too invested in this friendship because… he had hoped at one point that it would blossom into something more. Once before. Before Sarah, before Jeanette, before Louise and before… Mary Morstan. Before all the desperate attempts at denying his sexuality by dating more and more women and ended up tying the knots with Mary, which ended with Sherlock being more or less the reason she’s gone. He can see why John was furious, at him. And now he’d been declared a freak by his John, he couldn’t see why he should actually keep hoping for something more. If he’s just a friend, the accusation would only seem like a tease but he wasn’t just a friend. He was an almost something. Almost, but just enough, because he doesn’t deserve more. A freak had no such privilege.
John actually stopped paying attention towards Mycroft from the part where he mentioned that Sherlock Holmes was never dead.
In the cab, though, he was revising in his head of what he should say. He didn't know how bad Sherlock had taken his words last night, but given what he knew of Sherlock, that man wouldn't take any of that too seriously. He doesn't really work like a human, honestly. It's all about work for him, and about being smart and right. Quite repetitive but that's how it is. After what seemed like ages, the cab eventually stopped in front of the godforsaken flat, eeriely familiar. He tipped the driver before stepping out, standing awkwardly outside the well-known front door. He felt like a hesitant client. Should he go back? This felt wrong but he owe Sherlock a proper apology and they should have a proper talk if he lets him to. A few moments passed of him debating with himself in his head, his hand fiddles on the key of the flat. Thank god Mrs. Hudson insisted him to keep the key, or else he'd look like an idiot knocking on the door and possibly not getting a reply.
"I-I don't understand. John, but we-" he stuttered, uncommon for Sherlock, but that wasn't in John's attention at the moment. Why does it matter?
It was intentional, but Sherlock flinched a little at the soft touch, that was supposed to be calming, and that had him on edge. In a rather failed attempt to hide the reflex, he stood up a bit too hastily and tried to divert the conversation elsewhere and distract John from what happened.
The second the vows were spoken, it ripped through his heart as swiftly as the knife cut through the wedding cake. Of course was he had shown the public was a smile. A
The sirens of the ambulance had awaken Sherlock from his reverie and they shook his shoulders when he didn’t hear about the medical crew needing to bring John up to the stretcher or else they won’t be able to bring him to the ambulance without causing more damage.
It's been too long since he had lost contact with him. Since the fall, to be exact. News had arose that he had been seen again but he didn't have time for a search party for him when a murderer was at loose, killing all these high-ranked people.
, that the wedding would affect Sherlock somehow. Platonically or romantically, Sherlock almost never got close to anyone like he did with John, and to have him move out for the sake of a calmer, more domestic life must hurt. Because he was chosen over, when Sherlock had always chose John over everything even himself.
He stood up and moved to the glass that separated them. "So you want to revive the old Sherlock back. Why?"
Having to see a worn out picture of him in the back of the room, a room rarely entered by anyone at all, was honestly heartbreaking. John didn't want to be reminded of him but here he was, post-snowstorm, freezing and seeking for shelter. Slowly, and heavily, he made his way to the bed while still holding onto that piece of photograph. Maybe he should do John a favour and throw that picture out later, or throw it in the fireplace on his way out. Just rid of his existence from John's life that he had ruined countless of times. He put down the picture to change his clothes to a more comfortable and warmer ones in the wardrobe.
Sherlock that annoys people and impresses people from time to time as a Consulting Detective with an international reputation. The criminal identity of him shall be kept only as an alter-ego and no more.
“No, but I insist, Sherlock. You can’t expect me to leave you in the freezing cold for so long,” he finished wrapping the scarf around Sherlock, but kept his hands at the end of the scarf, looking at it with pure disappointment.
"How would we even tell you that we cared if we never knew where you were all these time? Tell me, Sherlock,
,” his breath were now shallow and it was obvious that he was putting an effort to control his breathing but wanted to give up breathing at the same time.
him, not that that would help John feel any less nervous but it would make him feel less lonely in the situation.
"If it's you, I'm very much sure," and just with that he closed the gaps between their lips and begin to slowly kiss John, as if asking the same question back to him, which John gladfully and eagerly responded by taking off Sherlock's shirt and touch every inch of this marble skin displayed before him. Once the kiss grew heated and desperate for more contact, Sherlock forcefully breaks the kiss and looks at John in the eyes with lust and need to have
"Well, doctor. Who's going to be examined today? Me? Or... you?" at this point Sherlock was already letting his hand wander lightly down his torso, resting his hand on top of John's obvious erection which had earned him a silent whine from John. He licks the sensitive spot under John's earlobe and elected a moan and grins when he felt John hardening under his gentle touch. In a rather quick motion, John had pulled him to the sofa and Sherlock was now horizontally above him.
Sherlock turned to the nearest man because he also heard a rather distorted, but pressing voice from the earpiece. Why wouldn't they be confused with such an order? They're there for no other reason than to kill the murderer, and Sherlock was there ready to fight back but the voice on the other end of the line was urging them not to do what as assigned. One man, however, was the itchy-finger who was obviously not pleased for all the trouble they went through just to stand there in front of a man who obviously killed many, so he slowly crept behind Sherlock and tase him in a swift move. It was a smart move, to be honest, but it was still not within the order. Quite forgivable for a petty minion. Sherlock was caught off guard by the movement and managed to claw on the man but his grip weaken as quickly as he was losing grip on his own consciousness. In a split second, he fell a bit too hard on the cold ground with a thud accompanied by the clanks of his dagger and gun falling beside him. His eyes was open, he was fully aware he was twitching and quivering on the ground, but he was completely unfocused. His vision and mind were slowly turning hazy.
John was beyond pleased that at 4 in the morning there were still cabs taking customers and that not many people will be hailing one because god knows he rarely succeeded getting one in broad daylight. Throughout the drive he was fidgeting with the medical bag in his left hand and the coffee cup in his right. He had drank his hot coffee earlier and wore extra thick outerwear to withstand the night breeze in order to deal with whatever the medical bag was supposed to be for and to make sure all attention was towards Sherlock.
“Shh, Johnny. It’ll be alright. Things will be alright. It’s alright.” She doesn’t know who she is trying to convince more.
ignoring John (No matter what Mycroft says). Sherlock just happened to remember he had to do something in a totally different room that John was in. Although, when Sherlock was held up in his room
Right before the door closes behind the lanky man, Sherlock looks over his shoulder, his smile turning softer as he gently declares, “Goodnight, Jawn. I love you,” and then he is gone. The door closes before John can say or do anything but stare at the wooden barrier.
Sherlock barely conceals a scowl and bites out, "Of course I'm right. Any idiot would be able to see-" Before Sherlock could finish his tirade, John has stepped forward and has closed in on the remaining space between them. A pair of shocked eyes glance down at the smiling army doctor briefly before closing completely, when thin lips meet his own.
! You’re letting him down, Sherlock. John Watson is definitely in danger.” With a pained grunt, Mind Palace Sherlock slowly and painfully gets to his feet, leaves the room, and begins the slow ascent to life.
Sherlock laughs and responds, “I told her she should stop wasting time on Anderson because he just found out he has a STD from, once again, cheating on his wife and he has given it to her. I told her since you were a doctor, you could direct her in some topical or oral medication. “ John stood for a moment looking utterly shocked until he tried, and failed, to look stern as he tries to hide his laughter, “Sherlock!” The devious detective places an angelic look on his face, “What’s the matter, John? I was only looking after a colleague’s well being!” Both men giggle at the blatant lie.
Communication between the two had become stilted and awkward because John no longer knew what to say and Sherlock didn't know how to fix the barrier between them. John still lives in a cramped flat on the other side of London but will join Sherlock for the occasional case. This particular case, three months after Sherlock's return, was at least a seven and the excited detective wanted his loyal blogger by his side. Unfortunately, said loyal blogger was currently at work.
John, though, softly answers, "Of course I care about you, Sherlock. But you know that that is not the point." John raises his hand before Sherlock can speak, quickly and efficiently cutting him off, "My point is that I have no idea what we are going to do. What do we tell people now?"
Thank you to everyone who has been by my side and has followed or commented or just viewed it! You have made this amateur writer's day :D
John then steps forward until he can hold Sherlock's hand. "Not that it's any of your business but I'm Sherlock's threadmate. I stay with him, not out of pity, but because I love him. You apparently don't know what that feels like, because each of you have a threadmate yet you have tossed them aside to pursue your own selfish desires. If anyone here should be ridiculed or judged it would be the two of you. Sherlock's just discovered that I'm his intended and he has been more faithful than either of you have. And he is not a pretend detective! He's more of a detective than any of you will ever be. If he weren't and you were, you wouldn't need his help now would you? Neither one of you have the mental capabilities to keep your jobs, if it weren't for him, you both would most likely have been fired long ago!"
If you would have told John three months earlier that he would miss mold in the kettle, eyeballs in the microwave, or the sound of his handgun going off when the flat had gone mostly silent ( and would most likely give John a heart attack at the most inconvenient times). He would have first raised a skeptical eyebrow and then proceed to laugh at that
Verdigris eyes snap to sapphire blue as he incredulously replies, “Of course. Obviously.” The pair shares a small smile. John gently caresses one prominent cheekbone, gazes down at cupid bowed lips, looks back up at Sherlock, and quirks an eyebrow. Instead of answering, the detective slowly inches forward to place a chaste kiss against his blogger’s mouth. Mycroft, of course, decides at that moment to return.
John felt that a knot form in his throat at the quiet words the detective had spoken. The man before him was heartbroken and genuinely believed that John didn’t love him anymore. Well, it was time to nip that in the bud. He had loved this man for so long and he was finally going to let him know so. “I know I haven’t said it before, but I love you too.”
When Greg and Sherlock entered the flat, Lestrade pulls him aside by the arm and cautiously says to the him, "Look, the others don't know about you and John. I've had time to come to terms with the threads when you were at the hospital, but not everyone will be as receptive to this new information. It might come as a...shock to a few individuals... Don't provoke them."
John. She’s never done anything out of love. Love is meant to be selfless. Love doesn't try to stifle and break another human being in order to protect herself. Love whispers, “Go back to her.
“Greg, what if he changes his mind? I can’t lose him a second time. He is my everything. I can’t do it again,” John says frantically. The good D. I. smiles at the ludicrous statements leaving John’s mouth.
’ reverberates against John’s cranium as he finally notices the crystal-clear signs of distress. In fact, Sherlock hasn’t been able to hide what he’s feeling since he came back home. To think he once thought this was a game. John finally looks past what Sherlock is saying to what he actually
As the elder man turns to leave, John grabs his arm out of desperation, “Mycroft, how do I fix this? What do I need to do? I have to fix this. I can’t lose him.” The older Holmes wretches his arm out of the doctor’s grasp and glares at the blogger, “If it were up to me, you wouldn’t be able to. In fact, I would love nothing more than to ship you as far from Sherlock as possible, but I know my brother. Despite all of my warnings, you are Sherlock’s goldfish. As he has so irrationally proven, he would rather die than live in a world were you do not care about him.”
It's only when John steps up to the other man does Sherlock realize he’s staring and a blush stains across alabaster skin. That look. That sadness is what causes John to hope once more. He remembers that look. He’s worn it so many times after Sherlock died..
A bright and happy smile spreads across Sherlock’s face as he leans forward and kisses his mate once more. The crowd erupts in cheers and when they separate, several attendants step forward and move the tables to the side to allow the wedding goers to dance. Sherlock takes John’s compact hand in his own and leads his sturdy blogger out onto the makeshift dance floor for their first dance as a married couple. The amateur detective draws his doctor close and then both men are swept off into a beautiful waltz around the room. Soon, other couples were stepping in time with the music. When the song ends, Sherlock and John share happy smiles and a brief kiss.
Sherlock, when John had kissed him, had truly been too shocked to do anything. His school mates had often made the joke that he was a virgin. They unfortunately, no matter how idiotic or incorrect their deductions were, were correct. He didn’t understand the social etiquette involved with kissing.
“God, I want the same.” John pulls Sherlock into a careful hug in which the detective’s face goes into the curve of the blogger’s neck. Long lanky arms curl around a jumper clad waist and answering arms wrap around a swan-like neck and hands tangle into raven curls. When they finally draw apart, John leans forward and plants a sweet kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and then proceeds to trial his lips down to meet the detective’s own. When they draw apart for air, both parties have red stained cheeks and happy smiles painted upon their faces. Their red threads that connected both souls glowed brightly which solidified the moment. At that moment, both hearts beat as one and two souls were officially bonded.
The blogger groans out an, “Oh, God yes,” as Sherlock grips the waistband of John’s pants and tugs downward. Sherlock locks eyes with his beloved threadmate as he slowly slides John’s cock into his mouth. The good doctor gasps and slams his head against the pillows as inch by inch, his prick disappears into his soulmate’s mouth. The brilliant detective begins a slow rhythm up and down and on every upward glide, a clever tongue laves against the weeping slit, tasting the pre-cum that gathered there.
He thinks to himself. He picks up the knife and looks at his reflection in its glistening surface. He looks down at himself with self loathing and begins to think back to all the times they had had together. He bitterly laughs when he realizes that he was the one to ruin it all. His grip tightens further on the knife and his eyes harden and his body runs cold.
When John finally makes his way up the stairs, Sherlock is seen sitting rigidly on the couch with his eyes staring pointedly at the floor. “Sherlock we need to--.”
Sherlock and John were in the hospital for three (insufferable) days. By the time they have exited the establishment, Sherlock has made five nurses cry, three janitors angry, (When the nurses would bring him food, he would hide it from John and let it sit until mold started growing from it. When questioned why he had done such a thing, he mumbled the word experiment before bellowing "BORED!" in which he proceed to curl in on himself for a good sulk. The livid janitors did not see the brilliance in said experiment or amusement in having to clean up the mess left behind. Sherlock finds it amusing that they are still finding the experiments.) and one frustrated John Watson.
When he sees John sleeping on the bed, he pauses momentarily to smile at his adorable sleeping blogger. He efficiently strips down to only his underwear until he can proceed to climb into the bed to cuddle around his small army doctor. John doesn't wake, but borrows into Sherlock's warmth with his face pressed against the detectives neck. It only takes a moment before the raven haired man joins his beloved blogger into sleep.
"Just do as I ask. Please." Something in Sherlock's tone makes John comply and he walks back to the pavement where he had stood previously. "Where?" John asks before Sherlock chokes out, "Stop there."
he thinks to himself. He quickly leaves that room; with Lestrade following close behind, and discovers an empty wine glass sitting beside Brian’s bed. He picks up the glass, holds it up to the light, and on the rim, he sees the faint impression of lips. He again smells the inside of the glass and discovers the same trace of almonds present. When the amateur detective gazes at the room as a whole, he notices things that no one else seems to see. He notices the empty pill bottle that was not supposed to be empty for at least another two weeks, and he noticed the broken bar in the man’s closet along with a rope thrown with out care on the floor beside a turned over stool. To others who could not see what Sherlock saw, they would have incorrectly assumed that the man had drowned in the shallow waters, but no, this man willingly drank cyanide poison periodically over the span of one week to kill himself. His next deduction weighs heavy on his chest as the thought: ‘
He has been having a hard time believing John could be so cruel. He had expected as much from Sally or Anderson, but never John. He had been told throughout his life that he never deserved love, or a mate. He had finally thought he had found someone who he could love despite them not being his soul mate.
—.’ But of course, John’s voice breaks the self-hatred and causes him to freeze because that means that he’s been caught in his
of yours, aren't professional enough to handle something this mundane and quotidian, then I can see why you need my help." With that, Sherlock, being trailed by Lestrade, then turns to dash up the stairs in order to get to the crime scene.
John’s eyes snap open as Rosie lets out a loud shriek. He scrambles out of bed and he is down the stairs in seconds only to find his little girl with her head thrown back, giggling madly as Sherlock pretends to be a dragon destroying the stacked blocks in front of him. With a deep, rumbling roar, and bared teeth, he pretends to breath fire and flap imaginary wings all for Rosie’s enjoyment. Before John can stop himself, his own quieter laughter joins in.
As much as Sherlock proclaims to be a sociopath and a machine, he’s nothing more than a man. A man willing to let everything he has ever wanted walk away for a second time, all to ensure John’s happiness. When Mary shot Sherlock, she was only looking to
John’s misplaced anger, which had accumulated over many months, surges forward suddenly and it momentarily overwhelms him. He slams his fist into the wall, startling Sherlock, and he rounds on the detective, looking him square in the eye as he scornfully says, “You want to know? Really? The great Sherlock Holmes has deemed my mundane emotions as something significant? Don’t I feel
John warily climbs the stairs that lead up and into 221B. He is not looking forward to the unavoidable row that will only likely to ensue from their conversation at the hospital. As he approaches the door, he notices that it is slightly ajar and his past training kicks in. He climbs the rest of the way silently and enters through the door. The sight before him makes his blood run cold.
“The next time you feel anything like this again, I want you to come tell me.” Sherlock nods his head in acceptance and draws John into another sweet kiss. They draw apart again when a text chimes on Sherlock’s phone which reads:
In this world, everyone has someone. Some are fortunate to find their other half in their lifetime. Others are not. There are some poor, unfortunate souls that never become complete. They will never know what it is like to be loved wholly or cherished for their odd quirks and unique personalities.
When the kettle slowly begins to heat, John feels his legs give out and slowly slides down the counter onto the kitchen floor. There, he clutches his knees to his chest and places his head on his knees.
I've finished this story completely long before season 4 aired. What that means is that this is not season 4 compliant. However, what this does not mean is that you will get chapters any quicker than you are getting them, which I am terrible sorry for, but my betas and I all have lives that we must attend to and thus, we can't get these out any quicker than they are coming. I hate to say that, and I am sorry if that sounds terribly mean, but with school starting once more, I will have very little time to make corrections and the like. I hope you like the story, though! As always, thank you to QueenLadyAnne, CCwritessometimes, and Hateya W. These lovely betas all work with me to make this story into something I believe is special. I hope you like it! We will try to post Saturdays, but like this week, sometimes that just won't happen.
John's takes Sherlock's angular face in his warm hands and gently places a soft kiss to the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "You'll never feel alone again if I have any say in the matter. If you'll have me, I'll love you and stay with you always."
When John exits the restroom, he quickly finds his lanky detective standing near the bar with a man he has never seen before. He notices Sherlock’s guarded expression and instantly, John goes into soldier mode. As he slowly makes his way to his beloved, he can hear snippets of the conversation. Words and phrases like, “Soulmate”, “Thought you were threadless”, and “Mate must be a freak!” quickly reach his ears. The soldier balks at such degrading words and he squares his shoulders. When he reaches his detective and the imposing man in front of him, he clears his throat and stares pointedly at the offending man.
controlling the rest), and transferred him into a new school. There he used his massive intellect to annoy the teachers proving himself right (on many multiple occasions) and uncovering the lies he saw around school. Things were going good until he met Victor Trevor. Victor Trevor was the most popular boy at the university. Victor could talk to anyone, and he was extremely handsome. When he looked Sherlock's way, Sherlock felt his insides flutter. Sherlock found himself aiming to please him. He would go out of his way to make Victor Smile. They eventually got together. Victor made Sherlock believe that he was loved. Unfortunately, Victor was using Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes have welled up throughout John's little speech and when he replies it sounds broken and croaky, "I don't deserve you John. I don't know what I've done to deserve this chance with you but I'm glad I've been given it. I will try my best to earn it."
“I will not tell you that you are a saint. We both know that’s not true. You have your faults, and, God knows I have mine, but, love, you are a treasure. I love you because of your faults, not despite them. You care so deeply and I know it hurts you. I selfishly used that against you all because of misplaced anger. I will not ask for your forgiveness because I do not deserve it. I am selfish, I have a short temper, and I can’t keep up with your train of thought most of the time, but if you’ll still have me, I want to make this right by you. I will try everything within my power to make this right because I don’t want to lose you. I don’t want to love anyone else.”
consisted of a staggering, all-time high for suicide and crime rates. Underground harvesting rings manifested, seemingly, overnight. Children, adults, and the elderly were used for emotion harvesting to create a pseudo artificial emotion that would produce a higher profit rate. These lethal, pseudo emotions were being sold on the streets and overdosing was considered a humane way to go. Protesters redoubled their efforts against Pathogens Incorporated.
Mrs. Hudson takes one look at his ashen expression and his weakened eyes and nods her head without another word. She takes Rosie into the kitchen with her and magically acquires tea and paracetamol for Sherlock to take for the blistering headache he is no doubt experiencing.
John softly smiles at the aging detective before quietly whispering, "No. I needed him. He's the best thing I never knew I needed. When we first met, I had no idea when we first met how important he would become to me. He's my whole world. He brought me back to life and gave me a reason to live when I had given up. I owe him so much. I need him with me always." The only reply John receives from the DI is a firm embrace before the sentimental man leaves the flat with one last departing nod. John then travels back up the stairs to rejoin Sherlock on the sofa. "What did George want?"
As the sun sets that evening, John redialed the familiar number, letting it ring until he was met with Sherlock’s bored tone directing him to leave a message without being tiresome about it. When the beep sounded, John exhaled an obvious distressed sigh and began to speak, “Sherlock? Uh…listen… I-I didn’t mean what I said. Please…Please just come home. I don’t know how I can make this right, but I am willing to try. I’m so sorry, love. Please call me back. I love you.” If the guilt from before was bad, this was an entirely new beast. It gnawed at him until he had to grip the edge of the table to keep him from falling to the floor. Tears he had managed to keep at bay until this point slip past tightly closed lids and a shuddering sob escapes despite his best efforts to stifle it. ‘
