Because even if the room he was currently residing in was dark and made it difficult to assess his situation properly, he could still feel the restraints holding him down, even now that his mind had caught up to his current state and wasn’t feeling as dimmed as it initially had felt when brought back to reality.
“There is no escaping me, Sherlock dear. Remember that,” he mumbled, his lips still pressed against the pulse point. “There are places for filthy little addicts like you to be locked up if this nonsense continues, but not even those facilities would be able to offer you a hiding place. It would just be another bed in another room and with no one around to hear you being penetrated by me. Could be quite a relief for you brother actually, being given a reprieve from hearing you choking on my cock every other night. Do you think he puts his cameras on mute while I’m here or does he actually cut the feed completely so he can continue to pretend that his little brother isn’t such a whore? What do you think?”
Divide and conquer, as the saying went, and by turning Victor’s attention on Magnussen in order to get himself away from Victor’s focus, the aftermath of such a revelation would cause Magnussen an even bigger headache than what they were already planning to give him.
John stared at Mycroft, at the neatly set table, the teacups and the delectable Victoria sponge cake with strawberry jam in a jar on the side.
He smacked his lips together as if still able to feel the taste and Mycroft visibly shuddered, resisting the urge to simply storm out, leaving this repugnant man in his wake, not caring about showing any loss of temper or signs of weakness.
As they were exiting the restaurant, an idea hit him that might at least encourage the media mogul to take his own vehicle instead of sharing one, and thereby offering Mycroft a much needed break from his company.
He noticed that the door out to the landing was slightly ajar but there was no light on in the hall outside. He couldn’t remember if he had been the one to leave it like that. It was possible, he had after all fallen asleep while he was supposed to sit up and wait, maybe he had left it open for Sherlock's sake? Or maybe Mrs Hudson had been up to check on him, she did that sometime, despite adamantly claiming that she was only their landlady.
For starters he should try to find out where Mycroft might have taken his precious little brother and then see what else could be gleaned from that information. As he had told Sherlock himself earlier, it didn’t matter if the young man was locked up in a facility somewhere, seemingly out of reach, because there would always be a way for Magnussen to gain admittance even to the most tightly secured institution. The issue was just to figure out its location.
“But Sherlock…?” John heard himself ask in a voice that he scarcely recognised as his own. He sounded broken, and as if speaking from a great distance.
Whatever he might feel for Sherlock must be put on the backburner for now, it will only serve him as a painful reminder of what he has lost if he keeps dwelling on sentiment.
Sherlock has always been so full of arrogance which was why it was such a joy to rattle his cage enough for him to allow signs of anger to appear. One of these days, Magnussen had decided that he was going to succeed in his efforts to break him completely. Just not yet, not when there was still pleasure to be had from him.
“And that Magnussen character, what’s up with him? This place looks like a crossover between count Dracula's castle and a burlesque house and the man himself seems to have a bizarre penchant for interior design that makes you want to run away screaming. Does he keep kittens in glass jars somewhere and calls it art perhaps? Or does he have an armchair made out of endangered animals? I bet if we look closely enough in all of the rooms, we might actually find a chair like that. He gives me the bloody creeps!  How can you stand it all?”
Sherlock languidly reached his hand out to retrieve his phone and then, to John’s utter shock, dropped it into his teacup.
John turned his head and saw a tall, thin man with a pair of steel-rimmed spectacles and a penetrating stare stand next to him, his eyes shifting from John back to the painting again.
“We have been through the larger scheme of it, I’m planning to meet him tomorrow night for a final run-through, then the plan must be set in motion. If we wait any longer, it will be too late.”
The driver turned his head to give him a blank stare and then rolled the window up without a word and drove off.
He heard the sound of approaching steps on the stairs, as well as a familiar voice calling his name,  and he managed to scramble the photo as well as the note inside his pocket just as the door opened to reveal John walking in with a grocery bag in each hand.
“So, for the moment things were back to their usual state again and we thought that we had gotten away with it. This mishap actually had the benefit of scaring me straight for a little while, making me promise  to behave from now on, and as we tried to put the whole incident behind us, I began focusing om my studies again.
Even if Sherlock was the most perceptive person he had ever met, feelings were not his strongest area of expertise, so John had never realised that he most likely had figured it out some time ago, possibly even before John knew it himself. Despite his efforts at keeping it a secret.
Plenty were the days were Sherlock had spent his times idling away in places like this ,with nothing but endless landscape surrounding him, bored out of his mind and with nothing to do but feel sorry for himself and lashing out at those closest to him, Mycroft if available, otherwise their parents.
But like the rest of the people gathered around the table, the mood was far from celebratory, the only two who looked pleased were the host and then Victor Trevor who beamed from ear to ear with a smug grin that made John turn his eyes away in annoyance at the sight of it.
But for now, he needs to focus on what evidence he has managed to gather and unfortunately that means another visit to The Diogenes is in store.
But somehow she had managed to convince herself that John Watson wasn’t a threat to her in the love department, because any day now Sherlock would see her for the person she truly was and reciprocate those delicate feelings she felt for him, like a precious little baby bird she held with quivering hands close to her chest, for everyone to see and pity her for.
For once he can see why Sherlock foregoes food and sleep while working cases, it causes an interruption he isn’t willing to take. But unlike Sherlock, John recognises the truth in Mycroft’s words. He needs to refuel his energy levels, otherwise he won’t be of any use.
A voice inside of him whispered that Sherlock was manipulating him once again, that he was feeding John exactly what he wanted to hear, awakening a hope that had nothing to do with reality.
John can only conclude that Mycroft’s demeanour most probably has something to do with Sherlock though, he cannot imagine anything else rattling Mycroft in this fashion.
As he stepped out of the car, the figure at the top of the stairs didn’t move, but a voice came towards him though the darkness, a booming voice who despite his words didn’t sound particularly greeting.
“As I’m sure you know, family members are not always the most suited for certain discussions,” Magnussen said, allowing a tone of insinuation to taint his otherwise nondescript voice.
He resisted the urge to correct him and ask him to use Mr instead of Dr, out of sheer stubbornness, but then thought better of it. He was probably letting this whole strange situation get the better of him and there was no need to do so as long as he had no actual reason to feel on edge.
The phone kept ringing, and eventually Sherlock strode up to retrieve it from where he had thrown it carelessly on the sofa and with swift fingers, he silenced it.
As he had begun to realise that his  brother wasn’t willing to let go of his dream, Mycroft had at first found it difficult to wrap his head around what a consulting detective actually was and how it was going to bring his brother a successful career instead of causing him to simply loiter about, smoking too many cigarettes while dwelling too deep into the sensationalising news that depicted the most spectacular or brutal crimes with loud headlines.
No, it was better to stick to the danger you knew instead of being thrown into something completely unknown.
But as Magnussen must have known all along and John had suspected, this attitude apparently worked, because Dr Roylott caved in and muttered that he would send a car to pick them up.
The headache that had begun making itself known over an hour ago had now reached the pounding levels that would need to be mended with painkillers if he wanted to catch at least a little sleep before it was time to prepare for a new day and the heap of trouble he knew Sherlock’s actions tonight had set in motion.
“And when did that plan begin to deviate from the plan I had arranged with Sherlock?” he managed to hiss through gritted teeth.
“Your plan still played out in the background with a few different changes to its original outset. But various aspects threatened to botch up all those carefully laid arrangements, particularly with the interference of Victor Trevor at the scene and then of course the unfortunate event of Magnussen locating Sherlock and bringing him back to his house. Without preparations for different eventualities, both of those incidents could have resulted in a very poor ending for us all. But as we came prepared, these interferences didn’t cause us any disadvantage.”
“Well then, first of all: tell me all about Victor. Who he is, what the connection between the two of you is, why you have accepted to marry him despite the fact that he’s obviously a lunatic? And why for God’s sake are you so reluctant to break it off with him? I want it all, not a single detail speared. And then, and only then will I be able to give you a proper answer of what will happen next.”
The drive over to Baker street was more or less made in silence, but as they approached, Magnussen finally spoke.
It’s quite a disturbing sight and John quickly lowers his razor to turn and face Mycroft to confirm that the image projected in his mirror isn’t some sort of illusion conjured up by a partly sleep-deprived mind that hasn’t yet been woken up properly by the aid of a cup of strong morning coffee.
Sherlock would have known, he would not have chewed the scenery like Mycroft does on the screen. It was pure luck that John Watson didn’t smell a rat that day.
His death allowed for Mycroft’s men to perform a thorough search of the media mogul’s properties in the UK, both the flat in London as well as Appledore, but just like the issue with the snake, nothing substantial was ever found and the rumour of a vault consisting of his many secrets and blackmailing material continued to be just a rumour.
“What do you say, Dr Watson? My office tomorrow evening at seven? My car can pick you up and all you really need to do is hear what I have to say. No harm in that, surely? If you’re not interested, you simply walk away and figure out on your own how you’re going to get out of your predicament. There is nothing for you to lose either way, only to be gained, if you chose to take my offer.”
“Not much else to do at those events. Food and drink are after all one of the few satisfying entertainments to be had when trying to mingle with a crowd of that assortment. But you digress, Sherlock, stay on topic please.”
“I was a bit displeased to hear that he shares lodgings with another man. That does not necessarily mean anything, people in this cesspool of a city do tend to share rent on their overpriced little dens. But still, it displeases me somewhat. Does not the brother of the influential Mycroft Holmes, the éminence grise of this insipid country, have the resources to pay for better lodgings than a subpar flatshare not fit to put my feet inside? If I would deign to pay Sherlock a visit at the poor excuse of a residence that he calls a home, it would require both a tetanus shot in advance as well as a handkerchief pressed against my nose to prevent me from inhaling the stench of that pigsty.”
The man had moved abroad at an early age, mainly living in India, medical degree obtained in Calcutta and once married, with two stepdaughters. Now a widower, stepdaughter number one dead under rather peculiar circumstances, number two living in Scotland with her husband and no contact with her stepfather.
“Now my other agents inform me that he apparently developed some sort of unhealthy obsession with Sherlock. Not too openly it seems, even if there supposedly was some lose gossip about his insistence of being the one in charge of camera surveillance. Naturally, that never reached my ears but believe me when I say that heads will roll on account of that omission of information.”
“Because, brother dear, while your social skills might be sadly lacking, your appearance certainly is not, and combined with your reputation of having a sparkling intellect and with the benefit of acting a part, which I know you excel at, it is the best option we have available.”
So it was a true herculean effort that John managed to sound more or less normal when he answered Magnussen’s polite request, remembering Sherlock’s words from the other night, about playing his role as impeccably as he possibly could.
But for now he had not done anything actively to let Sherlock know how he felt, even if he wasn’t sure he had been doing a very good job at hiding these newly developed feelings despite the fact that  Sherlock was admittedly very slow to realise things when it came to matters of the heart.
“Whose reports quickly dwindled in quality according to everyone privy to reading them. Did you even bother to perform the most basic of tests in the end?”
It doesn’t automatically mean that John would have succeed in his endeavours to become more intimate with Sherlock, considering his poor dating history and the frankly subpar technique he uses when trying to get a person to sleep with him.
Sherlock's face was too high up for Magnussen to reach, despite being quite tall and Sherlock felt gratitude for small favours as he wouldn’t have appreciated being touched there. For some reason the face felt more intimate than the body. The body was just transport, it was easier to detach himself from feeling Magnussen’s damp touch on his torso and arms, whereas the face would have felt like an intrusion.
“What where you doing breaking into my property today? Wasp sting or not, you had no business being there, as I have told you on numerous occasions before.”
John didn’t know such a thing could even be possible but if Mycroft was actually impressed by this man prior to the unfolding of recent events, it says something about the level Marcus is operating on. Mycroft is normally never impressed by anyone.
Sherlock’s serious face stared at him from the discarded photo next to him and Victor sighed deeply, pressing a soft kiss to that angular face before he turned his attention back to the letter.
“I wasn’t worried. Sherlock seldom seeks my company by choice anyway. We crash into each other more likely, battle it out and then go away to lick our wounds in separate corners of the house.”
“Didn’t sound like you thought this was any of my business. I believe dense was the word you chose to call me.”
“Well, you’re certainly overreacting right now, you’re quite loud when you’re angry, did you know that?”
He could only make out parts of the conversation, phrases spoken by the fiancé while Sherlock’s words were inaudible from where John was standing.
While John was mentally trying to stop himself from ruining the moment by overthinking things, his hands were still occupied with ridding the other man from his trousers while  Sherlock pressed himself against John’s stiffening cock and almost grinded against the friction like a lust-ridden cat, making it difficult for John to concentrate on what his hands were doing.
“Don’t look at it like that. Your help was invaluable to us, but tranquilising darts or not, we needed to work quickly if having a chance of finally ridding ourselves of that nuisance Charles Magnussen. There was no time to take care of you as well. We did what we deemed necessary.”
Sure, the situation was really bad and some shame was actually eating away at him right now, but at the same time this had been the most marvellous thing to have happened to him in a long time and the very reason for this situation was still managing to send a spark of excitement just by standing there, wrapped in his green dressing gown by the window, restless energy clearly exuding from every pore as if he had not just been involved in the most heated acts of carnal pleasure John had ever participated in.
Was this guy taking the piss? Who was he anyway and more importantly, what did he want? And how did he know about John medical title?
On all the other occasions when Mycroft had met him, Magnussen had a slight smirk on his lips and a dead-eyed stare, unpleasantness coming out of every pore, but not overtly set on causing any trouble or discomfort, he just saw himself as a businessman conducting transactions like everybody else, no matter that those transactions ruined lives.
In the beginning Sherlock had even put his seductive skills to use in an effort to persuade Magnussen into giving the missile plans back, but it had ended with humiliation, Magnussen laughing in his face as he had petted those black curls while whispering that anything Sherlock had to offer, he could get for free anyway and the opportunity to own Mycroft was too good to give up.
Besides, however much this idea chagrined John when thinking about it, considering Magnussen’s interest in Sherlock, he might even be willing to help getting Sherlock to safety.
Mycroft had also suggested that Sherlock could attempt to turn the tables and perhaps try snapping a few photos of Magnussen in a few compromising situations to use as blackmail against the blackmailer himself.  But at this suggestion, Sherlock had merely snorted and not made any promises to follow through with it.
“Shhh...no thinking....” he whispered and snaked his arm around John to push them closer together, the firmness of an erect cock pressing insistently against John while his own was decidedly displeased about finding itself in the confined space of his underwear.
The only thing he had divulged had been that Dr Grimesby Roylott was a bit of an eccentric, had a bad temper if provoked and when not conducting business, lived more or less like a recluse at Stoke Moran which was the name of the place where they were now headed.
So when John disappeared into the kitchen, still dressed in just his underwear and a satisfied smile on his lips, Sherlock took advantage of the situation by snaking his arms around his middle, nibbling at his ear in an uncharacteristically gentle manner and when John turned his head to search for his lips, he used the lapse of concentration and slipped a sedative into John’s  mug.
“I actually thought I had found Mr Right about six months ago. Had the whole package – the looks, the manners, the fit body, had this really sexy, deep voice that just made my body tingle, if you know what I mean. And came from money as well. You could tell from the way he spoke that he must have gone to one of those expensive private schools, he knew how to carry himself properly. Unlike most other men I’ve dated.”
It also stands to reason that the technical part of the surveillance is assigned to others, because even if Mycroft is more brain than human and surely could figure out how to set up equipment himself if necessary, he is also a man who like most men in his position, and very much unlike his younger brother, doesn’t like to get his hands dirty by doing things himself and John simply can’t see Mycroft installing the surveillance equipment on his own.
“The question not yet asked this evening, Mr Holmes, is where that delicious brother of yours actually is tonight? I sent him one of these as a little reminder of the appetizer he presented me, hoping for him to offer me a taste of the main course as well, but I have not heard a single word from him.”
But John was far from impressed, instead anger was starting to replace the initial worry he had felt when entering the room and he had a whole string of questions he would now demand some answers to. The time for beating around the bush was well and truly over.
I have no idea how he got wind of Magnussen in particular, how he knew that Magnussen was the one who could help him achieve his goals, but about a year ago Mycroft was approached by Magnussen with a very shocking proposition that basically made us realise that we had not gotten away with our little scheme. “
Magnussen’s smile grew even wider and his eyes turned to look at John without actually moving his whole head.
“It rather depends on the one doling out the punishment I think,” he said cheekily, the hint of mirth in his eyes.
As he was about to slip back under the covers, he caught sight of his phone, still on the duvet where he had left it. He stretched out his right hand to remove it, put it back on the nightstand again, even if he wouldn’t plug the charger back into the socket as long as the storm was causing lightning to flash across the sky.
“Maybe we should send for him? Force him to explain things himself?” Magnussen continued, when Mycroft remained quiet. “Although I would prefer to have him to myself, if you excuse my bluntness. He has shown proof of such remarkable intuition when last I saw him, and I am eager to see how far he would be willing to go down the path he has already paved for himself.”
“Who said you were allowed to move?” John growled and nibbled at Sherlock’s ear while stroking his hand over the hard bulge stretching against the satin fabric of Sherlock’s underwear, feeling his own cock respond appreciatively to the sensation.
“I’m being more than generous giving you this opportunity to strike a deal knowing that the circumstances have changed considerably.”
The problem was that Magnussen was not the usual kind of foe who did bad things that could easily be linked to him. As the man himself always claimed, he was only a businessman, nothing more, however nasty the nature of his business actually was, and it was difficult to pin true criminal activities on him.
John was positively fuming while alternating between starting to pack his meagre belongs into a bag and leave, or simply go down the much more immature route and destroy some of Sherlock’s belongings before leaving, just out of pure retaliation and a sense of well-deserved vengefulness.
Granted, he was also doing this to get a closer look at the man that had been with Magnussen the other night, but as Mycroft had made it clear that he wasn’t interested in pursuing any other targets right now, it was something Sherlock was going to keep to himself.
Although he held no special regard for John Watson, in reality thinking the man a bit of a nuisance and actually marvelled about what it was that had intrigued Sherlock enough to embark on a relationship with him, Mycroft was still happy that Sherlock, occasionally at least, tried to rein in his more high-strung impulses on account of the doctor and anyone helping Mycroft with preventing Sherlock from running straight into disaster, at least deserved some semblance of credit.
They immediately took care of Victor as well as the gun, one moment he was still sitting on the floor, then next both he and the weapon were gone, quietly disposed of.
As he, after a few additional steps reached the grove where he had felt Victor press the muzzle to his back, his eyes scoured his surroundings for a final time, looking for any sudden movements or lurking shadows, but he failed to see anyone.
That Magnussen was attracted to Sherlock, more than attracted actually, was not news to either of them, but that didn’t mean that anything untoward had to happen. Sherlock would not do anything to cross that line, John felt confident of that now as he sat with his hot cup of tea between his fingers, looking at his friend sitting across from him in his chair, sipping at his own tea while telling him that he no longer had any desire to follow through with this idiotic case Mycroft had thrown in his lap. It was simply not interesting enough and unworthy of his time.
That the source of his discomfort so often turned out to be his own little brother made him silently swear to himself while trying to look straight ahead and ignore the hostility rising between his fellow passengers.
As he crossed the landing on his way upstairs, he felt strangely self-conscious for some reason, as if someone was watching him, which was absurd of course as he knew very well that he was alone. For a second the thought that Sherlock might have returned but not wished to wake him up, hit him.
“I think your brother has allowed me to ravage you to my heart’s content if I only make sure to keep you on the straight and narrow from now on.”
The last thing Victor yelled at me over the phone was that he was going to find out who the person I was replacing him with was, and then he was going to kill him.
Initially he had tried to ignore it, wishing that it would just go away and turn things back to normal again. He had been satisfied with the former arrangement of just being friends who shared a flat and solved crimes together. As he had never really expected to have a friend either, he had basked in the novelty of that experience and felt quite content with the situation as it was, never realising that there could be anything more.
“I have nothing like that to offer you. Nothing as titillating as what a celebrity or a person of influence could bring to the table.”
Secondly, for you to even mention Mycroft while trying to seduce me, let me tell you, it is the biggest turn-off I’ve ever experienced.
He could better analyse the risks and benefits of continuing with this if he just had an inkling of what sort of threat, if any, hanged over his head. But alas, he lacked that particular information and had to make a decision based on what he knew, and it was that Magnussen had a temporary weakness that happened to be Mycroft’s brother and such an opportunity was too good to let up.
He thought about Sherlock again and involuntarily he felt himself stiffen inside his half-dry swimming trunks.
Reluctantly John could see Mycroft’s point, despite how much he hated the idea of being separated from Sherlock. It had to be done.
It was all very precarious and as he had mentioned, many factors were still somewhat unstable, but at least there was some hope now, even if he realised that the feeling of disappointment would hit them harder if they failed now, this close to the finish line.
Dr Grimesby Roylott had stepped aside to allow him entrance but Sherlock still felt the distinct notion of hostility from the man. It was in the small details, the firmness of his rather coarse features, the knitting of his brow, how his hands involuntarily tightened themselves, as if preventing them to throw a punch at any moment.
“Will do,” John threw over his shoulder, already halfway out the door, no longer concerned about Mycroft Holmes and his carefully arranged chess pieces and machinations, the world of politics and the downfall of media tycoons.
Then he turned his back on the gravesite and began walking away from it. The rain was whipping quite ruthlessly in his face now but he realised that he didn’t care, he hardly felt it.
Naturally Mycroft would never believe him if he just folded without opposition, so some resistance was needed and the first thing he did was to pull his hand back and glare at his brother.
Spent and still trying to catch his breath afterward, Mycroft panted heavily while staring up at the ceiling, his heart beating incessantly against his ribcage. Despite his efforts to do this as regularly as possible, he wasn’t a creature of dexterity and he never got used to the way exercise made him heavily out of breath and sweat profusely. As Sherlock had once remarked, when he for the first time had caught sight of his older brother running, the difference in physical appearance between him working out and having sex had to be a fine line indeed.
So it seemed more likely that the tests were a way for the fiancé to feel certain of Sherlock’s faithfulness. And this theory also went very well with the image John had began to form of the fiancé he had yet to meet but already strongly disliked for numerous reasons, some of them out of pure jealousy but others because he honestly did not like what Mycroft had alluded about the man last night.
When no answer came forth, Magnussen stepped up to him slowly, despite realising the foolishness of aggravating a man of Dr Roylott’s disposition. On the other hand, Magnussen had enough on the man to put him behind bars for a long time if he wanted to and such an upper hand made him boldly decide to confront instead of keeping quiet.
There was also the case of how much to administer, how much morphine Sherlock might have taken, the added intake of alcohol that he had consumed earlier and so forth. Too many unknown variables for his liking but what else could he do with the limited options he had been given.
“Suit yourself,” Magnussen muttered as he walked over to the fireplace to warm himself. As the house was devoid of the modernism of central heating, it was quite chilly inside, especially considering the late hour.
After all, normal humans expect those kinds of emotions being displayed under circumstances like these. John Watson would probably have been equally puzzled if Mycroft had marched in to declare that his brother had been abducted without showing so much as a sign of distress at news like that.
“But Mycroft told you that you needed to be seductive and lenient towards me in a way to sugar-coat whatever it is that you have neglected to tell me, so you went ahead and created your own bloody lubricant to bring with you to our meeting! If that is not manipulative, Sherlock, then I don’t know what is!”
But another part of him felt a surge of relief when realising that Sherlock actually hadn’t succumbed to his old deplorable habits again. At least not to the extent that he had feared.
By the small table next to the bed a large bouquet of red roses were placed in a vase and Mycroft couldn’t help but wonder where they had come from as he had not mentioned to anyone that Sherlock had been admitted. It had not seemed relevant to worry others about the situation when he was getting home so early anyway, not even his fiancé who was currently away on some business trip and did not need the distraction on account of something so trivial as a wasp sting, however close to lethal that sting had actually turned out to be.
But an acquaintance of his introduced me to a solution to that problem in the form of a line of white powder that suddenly made all those things I hated bearable somehow. With that substance in my body I was suddenly the greatest dancer on every dancefloor, I was witty and knew how to loosen up, I became uninhibited in my socialising and I felt like a God some nights.
But if it was so easy to turn on the charm and the pretended affection, who knew how much of Sherlock’s fondness for John was the genuine thing and not just a ploy to keep him by his side, exploiting his love as a means of gaining control over him? As long as John loved Sherlock and desired him, adored him even, he wasn’t going anywhere and Sherlock could keep his trustful companion and never worry about John leaving.
him. I’m not paranoid, I’m just taking the occasional logical safety measure. He on the other hand has a pathological need to be in constant control of absolutely everything, his whole being radiates from an obsessive desire to stick his abnormally large nose in other people’s affairs. What do you think he hired you for?”
John could feel his own cock press painfully against his trousers as he noticed the bulge through Sherlock’s tight dress pants that accentuated his slender hips and fit his thin waist like a pair of gloves, no belt needed.
The bed was pristinely made but Sherlock jumped up on it without hesitation and allowed his feet to dangle from the edge as he expectantly turned his eyes to look at John.
John took advantage of the situation and rose, aimed his gun at the other leg and pulled the trigger.  It went against every rule of ethics his line of profession could offer, but as he was so fond of reminding people of, he wasn’t only a doctor but also an army captain, and his only instinct right now was to prevent this man from gaining the upper hand.
When Mycroft usually comes on one of his prying visits under the guise of a case he wants Sherlock to take a look at, John tries to stay out of their way if possible, he has no interest in partaking in any verbal warfare between two super brains with a penchant for communicating through thinly veiled insults, forever stretched-out silences and straight out childish jabs delivered through clenched teeth regarding everything from recurring weight gain to inferior intelligence.
Sherlock did cast him, as well as the chair, a scrutinizing look when he returned home a few hours later, but he didn’t say anything, so maybe it was just John’s own imagination playing tricks on him, the same way he felt like a bit of a thief when he once borrowed some of that expensive shampoo Sherlock keeps in the bathroom, before going on a date.
Sherlock has always made a point of trying to avoid Mycroft’s surveillance cameras and on the evening when he headed out to gather mud samples he disappeared fairly quickly out of sight.
Regret was for those who could afford it, he had every intention to stop wallowing in his own misery and move on with his life as quickly as possible, he just needed to inform the part of him that still held onto the past that it was due time to let go and move forward.
“Maybe, I haven’t checked in on him in a while. It’s difficult to time these things, so it might still be possible for him to be alive. But whether or not he is, he isn’t going to make it, I can tell you that straight away. We are going to be in huge trouble if we don’t stop them from finding him.”
brother, not some cheap trollop for him to subject to any carnal urges, if such feelings were even to be evoked. He will respect decorum, I assure you. Like I told you earlier, he has a very cold temperament, very difficult to provoke.”
“And yet those are the regulations of this arrangement. If it’s any consolation it is only for a limited amount of time and no one will ever hear of it afterwards. The wedding is soon upon us and you can then move on to other things. The arrangement can of course also be terminated by both parties if one of us find that we are not satisfied with the result, and you will also be able to keep your current employment if things don’t work out. The advantages are in your favour, not mine and yet I feel confident that my brother will be in capable hands if you decide to accept my offer and that means more to me than weighing the pros versus the cons.”
“The fact that he assigned you this case and you now have decided to go ahead on your own, leaving us in the dark, is why we felt it was necessary to step in. I for one am worried that you don’t know what you’re doing regarding Magnussen. He seems more than a little obsessed with you.”
A part of him wished that Sherlock would not be there, despite knowing that he had no other clues to go by, if Sherlock had not gone after Dr Roylott.
It was never proven to be Sherlock who had been behind those so-called pranks, but on the other hand, who else could it be?
He had been informed that Sherlock had gone straight to Baker Street after his visit to Mycroft, but then had left in a rather agitated state less than an hour later, the front door apparently slammed quite thoroughly in his wake, and in a state of being only half-dressed. Mycroft’s intel had then lost track of him soon after and had not been able to find him again.
“No, why on earth would that be a problem for anyone besides Mr Trevor?” Mycroft had a tone of annoyance in his voice now. “It doesn’t really matter why the arrangement was ended, Dr Watson is hardly the first one to leave and he isn’t the only available doctor out there. I have plenty of other candidates.”
John scratched his head and then put his fingers against his eye sockets to remove the last vestiges of sleep before looking around the room in bewilderment.
The interior was opulent and very much unlike Mycroft Holmes discreet house where it was difficult to remember one room from the next on account of the lack of memorable details.
What was that all about anyway? Was he coming down with something or was it simply a trick of the light? Or had Magnussen been right about him blushing on account of that special someone in the room that managed to put some colour on his cheeks?   The question was who that special someone was of course. Him or Victor?
Normally John isn’t this inattentive of his flatmate’s whereabouts, it is difficult to be when your flatmate is Sherlock Holmes - attention whore extraordinaire, but the saying “
John steeled himself and straightened his back, trying to gain his composure which was difficult considering the fact that he was standing in a t-shirt and a pair of boxers, his skin cold and his bare feet wet from crossing the dewy grass. A gun being firmly pressed against his back was hardly improving the situation either.
Crawled up against the window, very much like the imaginary cat of Mycroft’s imaginary family, if he had been born a different person with other dreams and aspirations, Sherlock presented a black silhouette, features not discernible, the riot of curls sticking up like a strange-looking crown on top of a thin creature draped in a silk robe and nothing else. The amber glow of a cigarette butt was the only telling sign that he was in fact awake. Knowing Sherlock the way he did, his brother could very well have been asleep sitting up, pressed up against the windowpane.
“Well, too bad. Because unless you tell me why you need to marry Victor Trevor, I’m not ready to go back to what we had. I want answers, Sherlock and you better start providing them or this is never going to work. That man is absolutely insane. You saw what he did tonight! Who threatens to shoot someone simply because he can’t stand another person?”
“...apparently Sherlock Holmes can be a bit of a busy-body....” He heard Magnussen say in the background and it split his attention for a second.
Mr Marcus absence was not noticed until after Sherlock’s disappearance and his whereabouts are completely unaccounted for, not a sign anywhere of any activities made by him. And since he was not expected to be in contact with anyone, he was free to accomplish his mission without interference.
rather than with other people. I wouldn’t want someone else to get all the fun with him before I’ve had the proper chance to get a taste of my own.”
As he heard the approaching sound of sirens in the distance a medical kit was thrust under his nose and a quick ransack of its content rewarded him with an Epi-Pen he hoped would still be functioning and not be out of  date.
After he has been delivered the whiskey, a generous helping in a paper cup of all things, as if John is not to be trusted with any fancy glassware, he locks the door and delves into his mission with newly found ardour.
John Watson had made a good effort to share his burden, and for a while it had been working reasonably well, but considering this evening’s events, he had clearly failed that mission spectacularly and allowed Sherlock to play him for a fool. The outcome of this was difficult to tell, but it would not be swept under the rug by anyone involved.
John felt a bit reluctant for this to be over already but as he had nothing more to examine right now he might as well say good bye and take a look the medical journal Mycroft had promised to hand him once this initial meeting was over. Maybe a few of his question would have some answers after reading it.
As the visitor turned out to not be Sherlock Mycroft’s features rearranged themselves accordingly and turned politely neutral while he secretly wished he hadn't removed his jacket earlier. He felt strangely vulnerable in only his shirt and waistcoat on, a few of the buttons undone and his forehead shiny in the light of the desk lamp. This was not the image he wanted to portray in front of this person.
John cast her a quick glance, furrowing his brown. What age was she talking about? She was hardly considered a woman past her prime.
The medical journal had been informative regarding certain issues but John was still left with the feeling that it was heavily edited and even if it did include a history of cocaine abuse and some other reckless experimentation with other drugs during the later part of the teenage years, it never went into specific detail or told the reason behind the usage.
White knuckles gripped frantically at the bed sheets to ride out the pain, a quick glance being thrown at the alarm clock to figure out how long this was bound to go on for.
Apparently these hallucinations were very detailed because it really felt like he was free from his restraints despite knowing full well that it wasn’t plausible.
John was beginning to realise that a wasp sting hardly was the most dangerous thing that had happened to him, even if the severity of his reaction had been bad enough. John couldn’t help but feel a bit curious about who this person actually was and what Mycroft considered to be such reckless behaviour.
And what of Victor Trevor? Sherlock had as of yet not really offered any explanation on how they were going to get rid of him.
That no one would ever be able to figure out his own pressure point was of vital importance and he never allowed anyone to get even remotely close to him.
From the time Sherlock had spent with the blackmailer the other night, he had early on deduced that the man was a tormentor of sorts who thrived in evoking humiliation and punishment and had a thing for the more unconventional sexual transactions than merely sleeping with young men.
He realised that the timing might be abysmal as Victor was by now probably wringing his hands anxiously regarding Sherlock’s state and it felt a bit much adding to that burden by dropping news like this on him, but John also knew that if he didn’t do it now, who knew when a better time would come.
try to keep your focus on our relationship so you would miss the obvious signs of my drug abuse as well as other things that I wanted to keep in the dark.
“I thought it was forbidden for civilians to be given tours of the lab? Red-tape projects and so on, very hush hush, as far as I recall you telling me before I ended up working here.”
Because behind all that carefully arranged exterior was someone truly lost when it came to dealing with other people and a sudden wave of empathy suddenly surged through John as he looked at the dashing figure perched on top of the crate, legs crossed and the cigarette dangling from his fingers, the very image of self-confidence personified, but John knew better now.
Mycroft is usually the epitome of politeness and calm diplomacy, even at the most pressing of times, John has never seen him even remotely rattled even during situations that certainly would call for a bead of sweat breaking out on his forehead, a lip chewed in an act of anxiety or that glimmer of uncertainty that can mar even the most tranquil of faces.
John looked down at the sight in front of him, the young man who was still kneeling between his legs and he couldn’t help but feel how very lucky he was to have someone like Sherlock to share this moment with.
John sighed and pinched his nose in exasperation. He sometimes wondered how Mycroft had survived a childhood that consisted of this, 24 hours a day. Then he pictured what Mycroft must actually have been as a child and realised that it was difficult to say who had suffered the most.
“And look where it has landed him now. If he dies, I will hold you personally responsible, Mycroft!”
Sherlock wasn’t here and damn if he was going to stand there and actively listen to the filth that was being said right now.
If this is the content he is going to be looking at, assumingly for the next couple of hours, he is going to be needing something stronger to prevent his thoughts from diverting to other, more pleasurable feelings.
He put a set of black trainers on and was kneeling down on the floor to tie them when the door opened behind his back.
So he had two options here – put on blindfolds and perform his duties without asking any further questions, hopefully enjoy the company of his patient and then reap the reward of a promotion afterwards.
But it was the flippancy at which Sherlock displayed how easy he found faking interest in someone who clearly fancied him that had actually grated on John’s nerves.
In the shock from realising that Sherlock wasn’t waking up, he blurted this observation out, along with a lot of other things, among them many curse words over their utter helplessness of the situation. Mycroft had grimly nodded his head and when finally regaining his voice enough to speak, he admitted that while searching the house he had happened upon a terrarium in one of the rooms, as well as some other....unpleasant features.
But as no one was seemingly waiting for him outside he decided that there was nothing more for him to do but to return to bed and get back to sleep, God knew he needed it badly if this was what his mind managed to do to him when he didn’t have enough rest.
Magnussen circled him and then he reached out and let his hand touch one of the arms that was stretched above the head, letting the fingers move over the firm muscle beneath the smooth skin in appreciation.
The only lingering emotion he still felt now, despite the satisfactory meeting with Dr Watson earlier this evening, was anger.
Right now, the game was well and truly over. Not forever, John was never truly going to admit total defeat, but at the moment he could do nothing but admit the harshness of their failure.
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s soft hair, his head bent backwards as a cry of pure lust escaped his lips seconds before he came hard down Sherlock’s throat, his cock pulsating as the semen trickled down the oesophagus, Sherlock’s lips glistening from the precum he had enthusiastically lapped up earlier.
“Not particularly, no. But still, some semblance of caring is still judicious when moving in my circles.”
John wasn’t a particularly jealous person under normal circumstances, and he felt very secure in the knowledge that his feelings were reciprocated by Sherlock when they had finally settled into their new arrangement as a couple. But still, another man’s hands on what was only John’s to be had? He couldn’t deny that it would bother him immensely.
When he had eventually realised that John wanted something else and was doing a rather poor job of hiding those feelings, Sherlock had felt embarrassed for not realising it earlier.
Mycroft wondered how his brother really felt right now and for a second there was a pang of sorrow that pierced through him when looked at Sherlock.
As he opened the door that led out to a courtyard where the toilets were located he suddenly heard a wheezing sound and looked around in bewilderment, trying to locate the source but did not manage to see anything out of the ordinary.
had the pleasure of touch of course, when they were taken, and from one epicurean to another, that skin is just as soft as it looks, his body as pliant as putty beneath my touch. And the taste....
He knew he was a dominant lover but Sherlock had given him enough reason to conclude that it was appreciated and well-received so he never hesitated to indulge in taking charge of the situation while having sex, as he had so little control when it came to the rest of their time together.
Just as Magnussen’s tongue swirled around the button and his hands were about to get working on the zipper, there was a knock on the door followed by the voice of the woman Sherlock had met earlier.
And despite whatever claims people have made of him having a large empty cavity where his heart should be, it does make itself known by increasing in heartrate a little bit, sending a tingle down his abdomen when his eyes fondly catches the sight in front of him.
Mycroft always had most of his secrets kept in his office after all. The private one with the hidden safe behind the mirror that Sherlock had known the combination to for over a year now.
“To a certain extent yes, my brother is undoubtedly very clever. But this....No, he won’t be able to escape. Most likely his abductor has had this planned for a while, it’s hardly a spur of the moment kind of thing and I have never known him to make a mistake.”
He looked like a man who had spent the last couple of hours pacing frantically back and forth, clutching at his hair. The normally rather neat haircut was sticking out at all angles, and he seemed rather wired up.
As he cycled home through the darkness 40 minutes later, his head full of guidelines and advice, his body surging with nervous anticipation for things to work out in their favour, his thoughts kept lingering on Victor Trevor for some reason.
He was quite clearly tied up, by both hands and feet to what he assumed was a bedpost, even if the room was too dark to actually confirm it. A firm tug at the restraints told him that they were firmly secured, and properly weakened by the punches he had received, as well as the all-consuming pain to the left side of his head, he realised that he wasn’t going to be able to free himself without the assistance of another person.
“This is naturally happy news and as I said, we are very grateful for your resourcefulness. And as it happens, my brother is in the need of finding himself a personal physician since the previous holder of that position…well, decided to make better use of his time elsewhere…And that’s where you come in, Dr Watson. It is not a permanent position and it might not be much of any actual work, so it would be advisable that you remain in your current employment if you want to keep yourself occupied every day. But the pay is very generous and if you do a good job it might open up opportunities for advancement, perhaps a position similar to a friend of yours I believe, who works at the research facility.”
instead of the other way around. You always complain about my vivid imagination, but this overshadows anything I could ever have come up with.”
Feeling unusually self-pitying in a way that he rarely allowed himself to feel, Mycroft decided to go back to his bedroom and try to get some sleep, ignoring the way the sky was flashing from lightning and the way his stomach nervously fluttered at the thought of the storm raging on outside.
were likely to anger you when you would become aware of them, and as I don’t want to continue keeping things from you, I knew that I needed to come clean. Because, for us to be able to work efficiently together against Magnussen you need to know everything. Mycroft simply stated that you might need to be eased into it…that I should…”
“And who might you be? I don’t think we have met before, Mr...?” Magnussen said and extended one of those damp hands of his that was notoriously unpleasant to squeeze in greeting, an experience Mycroft had been exposed to on more occasions than he wished to remember.
Mycroft’s face turned cold, his stance suddenly straightening considerably in his dressing gown, no longer any traces of vulnerability left.
He knew that there were no new ones on any part of Sherlock’s anatomy as he had seen every centimetre of that gorgeous body up close and would have noticed if there had been any fresh punctuation wounds.
“He will come looking for me sooner or later. He is hooked enough to me to not simply lose interest. And unlike everyone else, he knows the connection between the three of us.”
John remembers Lestrade saying something about Sherlock striking a rather dramatic figure against the lighting from the window and had raised a camera to take a picture of it. It had been Anderson’s camera, the one he used while working, taking photos of crime scenes. Why Lestrade had it, John can’t recall, he just did and he was the one to take the photo.
Mycroft also secretly wondered what the relationship between these two might be once this was all over and done with.
He knew it irked his brother when he did this, first trying for politeness just to breach protocol by not waiting for an answer, but Mycroft was tired of playing by the rules when it came to Sherlock. Rules didn’t apply to him when his brother was concerned and as long as Sherlock insisted on being such an insolent brat Mycroft had no regrets about treating him like one.
He didn’t fear snakes per say. He had collected the odd number of adders in his childhood, and they fascinated him rather than frightened him.
“The man just insinuated that Sherlock, your brother I might add, if it helps put things in perspective, has...”
“Excuse me,” he mumbled and rose from his chair, not caring about Magnussen inquisitive stare, about Victor who fell even deeper into the kiss or about Mycroft who just sat there allowing another man to have his hands all over his little brother like a spectacle being performed for the enjoyment of Victor only.
But while fuming at the very thought of Sherlock’s naked body touched by the unpleasant hands of the Danish media mogul, John did also recall the hint of worry he had seen in Mycroft’s eyes before he had thrown him out earlier this evening, when refusing to help him locate his brother.
As expected, her shift in tone as well as demeanour changed from nervously annoyed to stunned and unsure.
There was a satisfying rip of fabric being torn, buttons scattering across the floor when John decided to rid Sherlock of his tight blue shirt by tearing it open with his hands to get access to those firm abdominal muscles visible beneath Sherlock’s soft skin.
“Dr Watson?” she said, her voice stern and demanding, clearly thinking that being in this half-empty barrack in the middle of nowhere was way beneath her status.
“On account of my own position as well as that of my future brother in law, it is necessary to sign a contract of secrecy as assurance that all of this remains confidential. I hope that won’t be problem?”
“A plan is only as good as its ability to change depending on circumstances. Did you really think I would allow such an important opportunity as your admittance to Magnussen’s house to rely on only one course of action? We had 13 different scenarios prepared for last night and the one to play out happened to be number 7.”
I had to split the original chapter into two parts as it was far too long, the next part will be up by tomorrow.
John’s eyes widen while his mind attempts to wrap itself around the words coming from Mycroft’s mouth.
It was all a bit extreme to be honest and was he really willing to take part in something he probably would never fully comprehend?
“Whenever I finally think that things are becoming reasonably normal between us, you go ahead and pull something like this. You just can’t help it, can you? All the tricks, the lies and the deceit, when does it ever stop with you?”
, John thought with fondness, the second before his brain caught up with his own words and he almost stopped short in his tracks from shock.
Instead he nodded and prepared himself to listen carefully to Sherlock’s instructions, realising the importance of succeeding, or this might actually be the last time they ever saw each other again.
He has been to Jeremy Marcus’s flat, watched the emptiness of the rooms himself, he has been to the river banks where Sherlock was headed on the night of his disappearance, he has tried talking to Molly, Lestrade, Gregson, Dimmock, heck even to Anderson, but so far he has nothing to show for his efforts.
Magnussen ignored it at first, his tongue moving more fervently, long strokes along the skin from the lining of the trousers up to the belly button. But the sound insistently returned a second later, a little firmer this time and a growled out:
The third alternative he sincerely hoped he was wrong about. Because if he would be forced to endure another second in Victor Trevor’s company now that he knew what the man had done to Sherlock, John wasn’t completely sure he would be able to hold it together. A good trashing would have felt like a very satisfying way to punish the bastard, but it would hardly be beneficial to Sherlock’s plan.
“I think I’ll show it to Sherlock later, at home. Interesting to see if he remembers this day," Lestrade says. "As it was such a fiasco casewise he could very well have deleted it. It’s a nice picture though. He looks very lovely in it.”
But if Mycroft wanted to continue turning a blind eye to what he probably considered a shameful secret, then fine. Magnussen wasn’t necessarily interested in why Mycroft had such qualms about admitting his brother’s weakness, it was after all a well-known part of his past,  all Magnussen wanted to know was how he could exploit this new development to the best advantage.
“Just Mycroft being Mycroft,” Sherlock muttered absently, thoughts clearly still lingering on what had just happened.
Sherlock nodded, opening his mouth as if to say something but then clamped it shut again, wiping away the beginning of a pout by turning it into something more blank before he jumped up on the crate to sit down, lighting a cigarette with fingers that were twitching slightly.
“My brother is a person who is not used to being told what to do. If he decided that he didn’t want to meet you for lunch, there is nothing you nor I could have done to change his mind. Maybe it was just a whim, maybe he simply forgot or maybe....well...”
“I’m not sure that I’m willing to succumb to any more arrangements, considering where the last one landed me...”
If by steady companionship he meant bottles of Smirnoff vodka and Jim Bean Whiskey, he wasn’t technically telling a lie.
“But isn’t that partly true though? You were lonely and you wanted me to show you affection, I could tell already on that first meeting between us in the garden, when Mycroft made the introductions. Your eyes kept wandering over my frame when you thought I wouldn’t notice.”
Sensing that he was not going to get anything more out of Sherlock tonight, he decided to remove himself from the temptation of doing anything rash like starting a fight, and therefor he turned on his heal and left.
Was he worried that John would cause a scene? Or that Victor would be able to tell something was going on?
“I do. But if it relieves me from the chore of having to answer your inane questions. I would rather you made a go of figuring it out yourself with the aid of your cameras, than pester me with your inquisitive questions.”
He stares at the brothers staring at each other on the screen, immovable, and he contemplates pushing the forward button when Mycroft suddenly rises from his chair and begins to take a step forward, towards Sherlock.
“I would also like to inform you that I’m going to resign from my current position as well. In case you were planning to fire me. There is now no need to make such a threat as I’ll leave by the end of the month.”
At first he had been careful to at least do the obligatory check of pulse, lung function and blood pressure as well as weaving in some other details to satisfy Mycroft when he sent in the reports. He couldn’t afford to neglect his duties even if he unofficially no longer preformed any medical duties.
The car pulled up in front of a white Regency style house and John got out and looked up at the building towering in front of him. It had several large windows where shadowy figures passed by, an enormous chandelier hanging from the ceiling in the room most visible from the street and the whole exterior projected luxury and wealth with every detail, from the polished façade to the gilded number plate on the door. No name though, no hint of who the house belonged to.
John reprimanded himself but still stole a final lingering look before focusing on his surroundings instead.
“What??!” John cut him off, his voice raised now, his face seething with rising anger at the thought of being just one in a long line of people Sherlock had seduced. “You slept with all of us?”
“Was it all a game to you? From the very beginning? From that first kiss you gave me? Did you do it because you knew that you could manipulate me into overlooking your drug abuse, to not see what you were doing to yourself behind my back? Your brother and fiancé demanded that you were assigned a doctor to check up on you and this was the easiest way to go along with their demands and still get away with your secret, wasn’t it?”
“As I did tell him. Still, he was very displeased. And he expects a better result next time. Tonight, in fact. There was mention of a dinner.”
There was only a limited amount of people who knew him as Dr Watson and at the mention of him taking time off his normal job to tend to his other duties the answer came to him straight away.
Things were soon coming to an end though and Magnussen had already started to think about how he was going to continue keeping Mycroft Holmes under his thumb.
“You’re normally the very epitome of patience, why can’t that be the case now? I can practically hear your thoughts going around in an insipid circle clouded with, what my brother with utter disdain would call
But as he wanted to keep Magnussen hankering for what he could offer, he realised that he needed to take charge of the direction in which things were going and  begin dangling something  tempting in front of the other man to get the upper hand of the situation. Right now it felt like watching a snake coil its body in preparation for a strike and himself being its helpless prey.
There is also a probability that Sherlock for some reason went willingly with his abductor, most likely being fed a good lie as to why he should go with him.
Better show some determination with this man from the very beginning, not let him spot any insecurity.
“He is here because I asked for his help in tracking you down. As you had so unhelpfully left your phone behind when leaving, I could hardly call and ask you about your whereabouts. “
Because this was not a part of the rules that governed their arrangement. This had crossed over to something darker and undefined, something he had no wish to experience again.
The question Sherlock had raised earlier about exactly how far he was supposed to take this act and that there was a risk that Magnussen would want more than a prudent kiss on the cheek or a hand on a thigh, had been sitting a little uncomfortably with John during the ride over here. He didn’t want Sherlock to be forced to do anything more with this reptile than what the situation demanded, solely on account of some papers, no matter how many lives it would save.
Even if Mycroft was good at what he did and had a lot of resources at his disposal, in the end, so did Magnussen, and given enough time, there was a small, but still feasible risk that he would begin looking into the matter more closely. So the trails had to lead to something that officially actually looked like some sort of clinic.
He cast a regretful look at the girl on the floor, not yet done with his game but also realising that there were other things of importance that demanded his attention, then he waived her away along with the servant.
Sherlock stared back for a second but did then turn his eyes away to switch his attention onto the host without verbally acknowledging John’s presence. He looked a bit uneasy and John wondered if he had made a mistake by coming here.
Magnussen had turned to face Mycroft now, a predatory smile glued to his lips.  It was only a marginal improvement of his usual expression but a strong testament of his current mood and that surely had to count as a success Mycroft thought with a flutter of hope.
“Why not? As you said, what else is there to do but wait? Might as well pass the time by getting some answers to a few burning questions I’ve been pondering as of late. Unless there is something you’re trying to keep from me, dear brother in law?”
Shortly before the end of the shift he walked out for some refreshment along with a few of the others and as they approached the water fountain outside there was a small gathering of people surrounding the same shiny silver car he had seen arrive earlier.
Sherlock’s eyes in the pictures were gleaming, his hands chained to something above his head, lips parted, the very epitome of erotic content and Mycroft by reflex made a swift effort to reach for them, to tear them up and destroy them, piece by piece, as if by doing so would erase the very incident from ever having taken place.
But swallowing down any ire that threatened to manifest itself in his features, Mycroft took on the politician’s role that he had cultivated ever since taking his first steps towards the career he had built for himself. Sherlock absolutely hated this side of him, said it made him resemble a smarmy toad and he had objected to the mannerisms even more when they were younger. But in Mycroft’s world, this act was a necessity.
Naturally Victor had been in touch with Mycroft again, the very next morning, this time phoning instead of showing up at the house, but the result had been more or less the same.
And the reason for this whole arrangement still felt a bit unclear, despite the vague details Mycroft had offered him as a way of explanation.
John took a deep breath of fresh air to clear his head, his nostrils flaring and his knuckles gripping tightly around the balcony baluster on account of his pent-up frustration. He was only a bit tipsy now and he could probably stave it off with a bit of food. But the question was if he would be able to stomach anymore of what was going on downstairs.
But there was still that nagging idea at the back of Mycroft’s head that something wasn’t quite as it should. Sherlock had folded just a tad
“I have a rather arduous day to look forward to tomorrow and as much as your presence here is always welcome, I’m afraid that I must bid you good night.”
In a haughty shrug Sherlock gestured that it was of no consequence to him if his brother wanted to stuff himself out of his wardrobe and then, with an eye roll, he marched off before Mycroft had the opportunity to stop him. Not that Mycroft was particularly eager to subject himself to any further jibes regarding his weight by running after him. Considering how tightly strung Sherlock seemed to be at the moment it wasn’t too surprising that he turned to childish sniping. It was perhaps preferable that he went off to calm down elsewhere or pester someone else.
While Mycroft did his best to supress the mounting uneasiness he was beginning to experience, a sense of doom clouding his thoughts as his own mind tried to fill in all the blanks Magnussen had not yet divulged, the other man picked up his cutlery that had laid discarded next to his plate ever since Mycroft had interrupted his dinner. He determinedly carved out a piece of his steak and joyfully chewed it before dabbing his lips.
As he saw John Watson’s mouth going from bewilderment to angrily pursed lips, teeth clenched, the nostrils beginning to flare, Mycroft wondered if it would have been wiser to have kept the doctor in the dark regarding his sedation for a little while longer. For as long as he could have been of any use at least.
As expected, the car held no clues to either who the owner was or where he was being driven. Except for the driver he was alone in it, a partition separating them from each other, and a quick glance around the interior provided him with nothing.
He had a key of course, but it seemed strange to point that detail out to Magnussen who no doubt was watching him from the back of the car, so instead he promptly rang the doorbell, like any normal citizen, sibling or not, would do.
So it was a blessing that his imagination had been allowed to run away with him for a second, creating that telling shudder, fully visible for Magnussen to notice and analyse to his heart’s content. It was a valid reaction to another person’s misfortune despite having turned bitter about their past, as was the role he was supposed to play tonight.
“Nonsense. Victor and Sherlock have known each other for years, they were together when both were students at Cambridge. In fact, as the man himself confirmed, he never once stopped caring for my brother despite being separated from him for years and as I’m sure everyone at that dinner party could attest, no one loves Sherlock as much as Victor Trevor does. “
Being his boyfriend meant that I had to accompany him to things I had never before been a part of, like going out, dancing, drinking, socialising. I didn’t particularly like it and I never knew what was expected of me so in the beginning it was quite a struggle.
“But despite what wagging tongues of gossip might conjure up regarding the relationship between your brother and his flatmate, surely they are incorrect, no?”
Instead he nodded in acknowledgement and closed the lid on his laptop before he rose from the chair.
He looked oddly vulnerable in his sleepwear and John wondered how this must have all gone down before he had been called over to the house. He had never seen the brothers interact in any other way besides sniping at each other, but this looked almost like caring on some level, Mycroft was noticeably shaken and he was not his normal collected self.
Without paying any closer attention to what he was hearing as he was so easily distracted by the closeness to the other man’s body, he concluded that it had to be a well-functioning organ and decided to move on to the lungs instead, mentally scolding himself for being so preoccupied by other, more pleasurable ideas.
“You made such a show and dance of proving to me, as well as to your brother, how you were the one in charge, the one who held the reins during this case. And yet, where did that stupid belief land you? Almost dead at the hands of a madman and with the risk of no one ever finding out.”
Brushing his misgivings away about the reason for Sherlock’s reluctance, Mycroft concentrated on the task at hand instead.
With the limited amount of time he had to work with John had to trust that he presented a half-decent appearance and hadn’t forgotten anything before he stepped out of the dining room. A moment’s panic occurred when he couldn’t remember where he had put his medical bag and he tried racking his brain to come up with the answer when he heard voices coming from downstairs and got distracted.
He had certainly not taken advantage of their short time together to its fullest he realised, so much time wasted on things that now seemed utterly unimportant.
If he was later able to confirm that any real substances had been used, his brother was going to dearly regret having made that choice.
Sherlock was the perfect model of course, all interesting angles, shadows and unusual features. Victor would never grow tired of looking at him and the photographer had been exited as well when seeing him, insisting that a portrait should be taken.
“Remain silent and don’t even think about turning. Just walk straight ahead towards that little grove to the left. I don’t think I need to tell you that disobeying me would be very unwise right now.”
But Mycroft placed himself in front of John, all but reaching out to physically prevent him from doing what he so clearly wanted to do.
But beyond that, this operation has come to a satisfying conclusion and Mycroft can turn his focus elsewhere from now on, without having to worry about former army doctors trying to hold any influence over his brother.
A strange feeling at the sight of his imprints on the other man’s body made itself know by quickly causing a tingling sensation that he immediately managed to quench. This was not the appropriate time for dormant feelings carefully hidden and deeply buried within him to suddenly come to life by the innocent view stretched out before him.
And tonight, the flushed cheeks, the large dark eyes and his almost brittle appearance. It had been staring John straight in the face for a long time and yet he had failed to see, too preoccupied with the sexual favours Sherlock had showered over him, not to mention how distracted he had been by his own jealousy, his developing feelings for the younger man and the adrenalin rush of doing something forbidden. He had readily trusted what Sherlock had told him to put in the reports without even once check if it was accurate. And now they were both paying the prize for his negligence.
What John has learned about Jeremy Marcus so far is that he is a man who kept mostly to himself. In his late forties, non-descript appearance, very capable at his job, extremely good at strategy and ironically enough a person Sherlock would probably have approved of during different circumstances, as they share the same penchant for logical thinking and Sherlock always likes it when people are efficient.
It was the painting of the young man chained to a bed with the shadowy ominous figure reaching out for his throat.
Sherlock opened one eye to peer at him as if trying to suss out how upset Mycroft actually was and when realising that he apparently was very displeased he opened the other eye as well and sat up straighter in his bed.
“There is your problem then,” Mycroft interrupted him. “When dealing with Sherlock, don’t make any assumptions, because you will soon be bereft of them.”
When John arrived at the large house a few days later he had his medical bag with him, a ton of questions and Sherlock’s medical journal.
Just turn a blind eye and a deaf ear and he could continue pretending that things were just like they always had been and would continue to be, as long as he didn’t try looking too closely or listening to the things he didn’t want to hear.
“I’ll think I hold on to this. It’s not like anyone’s going to claim any of this anyway. Anderson didn’t have many people in his life these last couple of years. His ex-wife remarried and the parents died years ago I think.”
It was a relief to know that Magnussen was beaten, even if the notion of it still was difficult to actually grasp. After being used to Magnussen throwing his intimidating shadow over their lives it wasn’t easy to realise that it could all truly be over now.
“You know what I’ve said about failing. It can’t be an option for us. It simply won’t be an acceptable outcome in my book.”
“Oh, I don’t venture outside without precaution. That would be suicidal. She isn’t the only danger lurking out there. I have a few other specimens roaming the premises as well.”
The other man was younger, in his early thirties perhaps, tall and somewhat sturdy, chestnut-brown hair combed back from his face and the generic appearance of a businessman with a grey crisp suit and a tie.
But as he was about to open his mouth to bid the other man farewell, Magnussen held up his index finger in a pausing gesture, before he reached inside the pocket of his suit and pulled out a white envelope.
“Well, I needed to give him a warning, didn’t I? He was like a bloody terrier at my heels and even when confronted with a straightforward warning he simply refused to submit.”
“Well, too fuckin bad, I foolishly thought there was something more between us beside the sex.” John was beginning to get worked up by now and the other man’s cool stance did nothing to improve his raging temper.
Because Victor’s biggest weakness was his inability to trust those he perceived as a threat to his relationship with Sherlock and he had focused mainly on John in his pursuit. But in reality, there was someone else who might be more deserving of that attention, someone who Victor normally seemed to trust, but who repeatedly had broken that trust for a long period of time.
It had not taken long for Magnussen to approach a staff member from Mycroft’s household to confirm Dr Watson’s absence, as well as reveal the details of his angry departure, the door forcefully slammed in his wake and his absence ever since.
Still spent from the sex, their talk as well as their newly issued agreement, John nodded and began to gather up his clothes from the floor.
“For some unfathomable reason you decided to slave away at this facility upon your return, that is until  you procured the golden ticket that earned you a better position as well as a higher salary while performing the most lowly medical tasks imaginable. For someone who went through the hardship of medical school and then served in the army, it is quite a mystery why you would settle for such a menial assignment if there wasn’t something else that drew your interest. Which brings me to the very reason for my curiosity in the man that hides beneath the medical title.”
“Fine. But I’m not lying down on that filthy floor, and the table looks like it’s about to fall into pieces at any second. If we do this, I’m having you against the only wall in here that doesn’t look as if it is about to topple over.”
There was no need though, he quickly scrambled out of bed, cast a quick assessing look in the mirror to see that he look at least somewhat presentable after a hard day’s work and then hurried after her out of the barrack.
“Yes, your thoughts must have been very preoccupied for you to walk away from this, the very reason for your visits. What could have been the cause for such a distraction?”
From the look on Sherlock’s face it was clear that he had not been informed of John’s presence tonight and not for the first time did John wonder what Victor’s intention about inviting him to the dinner party had truly been about.
“Suck it,” came the familiar voice from the shadows around him, and without turning to look at the person making this demand, he did as he was told and enclosed hip lips around the finger and swirled his tongue over the tip before he started sucking.
“....And when I say that he was competent in his occupation,” Mycroft drones on as John tunes in once again, “that unfortunately means that he knows how to disappear without leaving any traces, as well as knowing how to hack into every security system we have. He knows all the tricks in the book and I couldn’t have been faced with a worse adversary if I had made the selection myself!”’
There is no confirmation of this, but it fits the narrative, so it is more or less accepted as factual. They have no other clues, so a theory sprung out of gossip is better than nothing after all.
Something needed to change or what they had would simple turn ugly and full of resentment in the end.
Mycroft had not looked very convinced but if he didn’t believe it, at least he didn’t voice that doubt out loud.
Magnussen was well aware that Mycroft Holmes only pressure point in this life was Sherlock and without him, Mycroft was a blank card with unknown qualities.
“They insist that it must be the receiver who does it. I tried explaining that you are busy at the moment but the delivery man was very adamant. And apparently it was a pressing matter. “
Impatiently John walked over to the large window, in an effort to put some distance between himself and the pointless monologue going on by the fireplace.
Sherlock’s silence spoke more loudly than if he had actually given a positive response to Magnussen’s claim.
Magnussen might be a cold fish and no doubt he was a terrible person to those who were victims of his blackmailing, but he was hardly a black-hearted criminal of the more dangerous variety. The fact that he was such a victim to his own bodily lust was a sure evidence of a significant weakness in his armour and even if it wasn’t Sherlock’s usual modus operandi, he wasn’t above resorting to exploiting that weakness if it earned him some results.
Tired fingers pinched the bridge of his nose for a few seconds, while trying to collect himself. Exactly four seconds later he removed them and leaned back in his chair, facing away from his desk, composed and neutral once more.
Mycroft patted the corners of lips with his napkin after clearing his plate and took another sip of his wine before he turned his attention back on his brother.
John swivels on his feet and is faced with Mycroft looking at him with a surprising amount of incapability for a man who is always two if not three steps ahead of everyone else. This sends further alarm bells ringing and John steps up to him to get a closer look.
John is off chasing an enigma he will never be able to catch because that person doesn’t exist, and Mycroft has managed what he set out to accomplish when hatching this plan to begin with.
A twitch of concern crossed his mind as he contemplated how Sherlock was actually doing if Mycroft was keeping him away from Victor’s prying eyes this many days after the overdose. Had something else perhaps happened after he had left the house? Another relapse? Something worse?
Because at first it had been fascinating to see what he would do with that information. Sherlock had a slight reputation of exploiting people’s weaknesses in that regard, the girl in the morgue being a good case in point, but it had turned out that Sherlock had valued John enough to do nothing.
“So what now? How do we locate him? You always have such rigorous watch over him otherwise, don’t tell me you chose to let your guard down for once, now that we actually need to find him?”
“There’s just no pleasing you is there, Mycroft? Sorry to disappoint, but perhaps I’m simply not interested in playing your games anymore, perhaps I’ve realised that it’s easier to allow him to just do what he’s here to do and be done with it. If it’s not him it will be someone else and at least Dr Watson has the good sense of not being a complete idiot like the others you’ve sent my way in the past. Besides, he saved my life if you recall. So get off his back will you?”
“....well let just say it’s difficult finding the perfect one amongst all those idiots walking the streets. And London is stressful as it is for an Irish girl like me who comes from a small town on the countryside. No one here wants to settle down, always looking for a better option.”
“The question is rather why someone like that would even want to be mingling with a cold fuck like Magnussen,” came the reply, this from another useless half-wit of the Foreign Secretary’s, by the name of Hawkes. The Foreign Secretary really had an astonishing number of incompetent underlings pestering his office, more so than any other faculty at the moment.
At least Dr Watson had his gun, even if he hadn’t displayed it openly yet, and Magnussen would perhaps be a valuable mediator during possible negotiations. And well, Mycroft had his own resources to use, if the situation dictated it.
The only person who really is safe from Mycroft’s ominous power is Sherlock, another proof that despite their constant sniping and bickering, little brothers are apparently off limits even to a man who has the potential to ruin a person’s whole existence.
And as if choosing this precis moment by sensing the suggestive tone between them Sherlock's dressing gown conveniently slipped down one of the shoulders to expose a firm naked arm beneath and Sherlock’s smile widened.
“I’m hardly going to say it to his face, am I? But if I spot the brother later during the evening, I might even have a go at him myself. He looks like someone how would appreciate a little fun.”
As that sentence popped into his head he realised that he found it a bit strange that Sherlock hadn’t mentioned his fiancé even once during their first meeting. If someone was important enough in your life that you had decided to marry them, wouldn't you at least say something about it?
Granted, Magnussen’s office wasn’t too far away, but taking into calculation the London traffic and transportation issues, it was impressive and also very telling. Someone was eager.
He looked like himself again and it still was an overwhelmingly joyous sight to behold when seeing him move every muscle of his body, after the worry that he might never be able to do so again.
He hadn’t felt this good since sitting in the backseat with Mycroft yesterday, telling him what an arsehole he was. His body still felt tense, but a warmth spread through him with every step he took, walking away from all of it.
The remains of the photos of Sherlock that Magnussen had carried in his pocket during the fatal night of his demise had been pocketed by Mycroft at first opportunity and he never breathed a word about them to John, but also decided to not let Sherlock know that he had them either, in the hope that his brother would squirm a little while wondering when and if they would show up.
There was something almost reptilian about the way Magnussen looked at him, like he stared straight into John’s most inner core with those dead beady eyes, but his voice remained smooth as he spoke and he had that vague disturbing smile playing on his lips the whole time.
“I must confess that I also do enjoy the opportunity to show him off, you know, allow people to see what I have. What’s mine and only mine, so to speak.”
“It wasn’t a complete waste of time, I needed him to break his ties with me and as he isn’t a very good actor, this was by far the preferable option. I couldn’t have asked for a better scene than him storming out of here in real anger instead of putting up some stale performance later on to convince people of our newly developed animosity. I think it was quite worth the small effort I had to make, in order for that result to be achieved.
John frowned, because out of all the people he had expected to hear from, this man was not among them. He knew what Sherlock had said about him likely trying to reach out, but now when it actually happened, John felt uncomfortably unprepared.
It was that woman working at the Holmes residence who provided him with useful information from time to time.
In any case it would be interesting to see if he would be willing to negotiate and what he had to bargain with.
As he crossed the threshold of the Baker Street flat, to leave John Watson to nurture his wounded heart on his own, he pressed a speed dial number and was instantly rewarded with a familiar voice on the receiving end.
He paused and they stared at each other, Mycroft still calm and collected outwardly, even if no one truly knew what went on inside that mind of his, while  John trembled slightly from supressed anger, conquering the desire to grab the other man by his lapels and shake him just to make him see some sense.
When dealing with someone like Magnussen, it needed to be more memorable than a meeting at his office. Office meetings were more his brother’s area, Sherlock worked under different circumstances and he knew just what to do to keep Magnussen’s interest piqued. Something to truly burn an image into the retinas of those shark-like eyes.
” and John feels the overwhelming impulse to just give Mycroft a forceful blow to his patrician beak of a nose
Mentally grinding his teeth at Sherlock’s audacity to resort to such a mean trick to achieve his goals, John quickly glanced at the panel on the wall to see how many floors were left to reach their destination before replying.
“He’s down there, first door ahead, you can’t miss it. As the red light to the left of the door turns green, you may enter. No need to knock, he knows you’re here,” she said and then turned on her heel and headed back along the corridor.
“And if spending time with a blackmailer includes getting naked with him in his bedroom, that is fine by you as well, I assume?”
“There is nothing more to tell. I have no new results regarding the vault but I’m confident that once I gain access to Appledore, that will change... “
As he positioned himself to wait for Magnussen to arrive, Sherlock began thinking about the assignment his brother had given him and the supposed existence of this mythical vault that Magnussen used to store all his blackmailing material. It wasn’t likely to be kept in this house, whatever Mycroft hoped for, the security of this flat was frankly atrocious and no one with anything of value, despite a good safe and a hiding place, would keep anything of that importance unguarded.
On the other hand, that file had been mostly about Sherlock and his medical history, so maybe it wasn’t as surprising after all.
Whoever this man is, he has done a phenomenal job of pulling this abduction off, especially when you consider that the victim is Sherlock
It was frankly inexcusable and for the first time since taking on the case that Mycroft had assigned to him, he actually regretted a lot of his actions from the previous couple of days.  Not only because he began to realise that he had no way of escaping whatever Dr Roylott had in store for him, without any assistance, but also because he had let down one of the people that mattered the most to him.
Even before their epic showdown Sherlock did not have the consideration of arranging for practicalities. In his world things like cars, cups of tea and clean underwear just magically happened without any involvement from him, so the fact that a car had always picked John up in the mornings was probably irrelevant to him.
It's of him and Sherlock, standing slightly further apart then what they usually did when posing for pictures. Sherlock in a white crisp shirt, sleeves rolled up, the curls in slight disarray.
John couldn’t help but notice that he was quite the looker and just the sort of type John had tended to go for when he had last been interested in dating anyone, even if this particular man was far more handsome than anyone John had ever dated earlier. But then he quickly waved that thought away on account of the seriousness of the situation. Besides, he hadn’t shown any interest in meeting anyone since he had come back to England and this was hardly the time to think about such things.
“Or what, you’re going to pound me really hard into that carpet? Sorry to disappoint, doctor, but you’ve already done that. Several times as I recall. Took the cleaning lady a really good scrubbing to get the stains out too.”
Stunned by the firmness in John’s voice, Sherlock at first didn’t even move but simply remained where he was, a few feet away from John’s quietly seething presence.
“To get to my point, as I wouldn’t want to keep you from.....” Victor waived his hand nonchalantly towards the glass window once more, “ ....your
Despite scouring hours and hours of CCTV-footage, talking to people in contact with Mr Marcus, people in contact with Sherlock, trying to track down any unusual activity around the time of the disappearance, there is nothing.
The injections have proven successful and whatever memory Sherlock once had of John Watson is no longer available in that far-stretching mind palace of his.
“Well, well. I must say you really know how to wet a man’s appetite, Sherlock. This looks very intriguing indeed,” Magnussen smoothly said.
A hand lingered against a pale throat, caressing it with its fingertips. From the outside it might have looked affectionate, but the recipient of the touch had to force himself not to shudder.
Mycroft was just about to open his mouth to respond when a voice cut in from his right, the familiarity of it causing him to clamp his mouth shut again.
“Although I appreciate your apology and coming clean with all of it, there is still something I don’t understand. You never mentioned any of this the other night,” he finally said, and Sherlock gave him a somewhat sheepish look.
To stop himself from just walking up to the bespectacled man droning on in his wing-backed chair about how he wanted to get his hands, and most likely other body parts as well, on John’s boyfriend, John let his eyes roam the room instead, tuning out the words from the others for a few seconds. He couldn’t stomach listening to it anymore.
And for the first time ever Sherlock allowed this new, more enlightened side to take precedence over everything else, over his pride, his need for being in charge, his own bloody stubbornness and meekly he bent his head in acknowledgement to what John was saying.
“Look, Sherlock. Whatever he might have said earlier, I’m not some sort of informant who works for him. I will give him the facts that has to do with your health, nothing more. So you may speak openly to me about everything. And as far as your brother’s problems with two of the seven deadly sins, he can discuss those issues with his own doctor.”
John looked at it while he took a sip of his drink, wondering what sort of message this painting was trying to convey when a soft smooth voice suddenly startled him from his thoughts.
As he watched John grow increasingly sleepy, he managed to lure him over to the sofa under the pretence of further snogging, letting his fingers soothingly massage John’s scalp to speed up the effect of lethargy and when the other man finally dozed off, Sherlock carefully arranged his body in a comfortable position on the sofa, draping a blanket over his body, before rushing off to take a shower and change clothes.
But there had also been instances when he had not been caught but he had left little greetings in his wake instead, like a spray-painted smiley face on an impossibly high ledge in the ceiling or a complicated computer virus that had played the canny sound of someone laughing before the whole computer system had crashed down.
And unfortunately, the only one with any information about the identity of this unknown individual, was Magnussen.
He had made a mistake in thinking a person living with his brother would be able to help Mycroft keep an eye on him. It has been a costly lesson to learn and he will not be making the same error again.
This experience also had the decidedly negative aspect of actually killing him, slowly but determinedly, unlike the drug withdrawals who had the benefit of at least
“Oh, let me assure you, I’m not meek. When the people he has been playing like puppets on account of his blackmailing business find out that he has lost his upper hand, he won’t be able to remain in his position for very long. I’ll give it a week at the most. People with grudges tend to be thirsty for revenge and some of them has quite a lot of resources to pull off the most intricate ways of punishment. I don’t need to get my own hands dirty when I know that there is a long line of retaliators ready to get their claws out.”
“I’m going to kill him...” he murmured and Mycroft cocked an eyebrow at that, because despite recognising the passion behind those words, having nurtured them himself on several occasions during the years, it was rather unwise to speak them out loud in his presence, being Sherlock’s older and very protective brother. There was no way he would accept anyone harming his younger sibling, unless it was himself doling out the punishment.
John could feel himself sucking in air as his lungs suddenly seemed too constricted to function, the uncomfortable feeling of something cold and hard unfurling inside his chest. Because as Sherlock hurled these words at him a realisation began to form inside his head and if the answer proved to be correct, he didn’t know what to do with himself. And yet, it needed to be asked.
A person John wasn’t only infatuated with anymore but actually loved, deeply, wholeheartedly and without doubt.
The worst scenario would be if Sherlock decided to retaliate with one of those martial art moves he had spent his late teens cultivating when the boxing and the fencing hadn’t been enough to appease his endless energy levels.  Having a brother who knew how to fight in as many ways as he knew how to be annoying was a curse Mycroft often wished he could have been spared. It was not the Holmes family way to be so…
But naturally one line led to two and so on, and after that first barrier had been conquered, other substances followed soon enough. By the end of the term I was a full-blown addict and totally out of control.
The woman was like a wall though, impenetrable and not accommodating one bit to his rising fear. Instead she actually looked at him as if she thought he was being a bit hysterical.
Then he realised that Mycroft, by using the very noticeable aid of a wailing ambulance to arrive at the house at such an early hour of the morning so that no one would be able to miss it, had created the perfect fodder for gossip that he had then allowed to spread from his own household staff to those working at the facility, making sure that John would be updated simply by being in close proximity to the people who allowed this piece of information to run like wildfire amongst them.
“You spoke of some monetary exchange. For me to get back on my feet, resign from my current position, maybe move back home.”
“This is only my little London get away, nothing too elaborate. I have several other homes that far surpasses what I’ve managed to do with this place. But it has its charm, I suppose, and some of the items, like this painting, are very dear to me.  It was commissioned after my own specific instructions in honour of an intimate acquaintance of mine.”
Allowing a man like Charles Augustus Magnussen to become more influential was something that needed to be stopped before he began targeting the people who truly mattered.  Mycroft himself had not yet been affected, but considering the pace at which this man was causing havoc among his colleagues, it was only a matter of time before it happened.
Perhaps Sherlock actually felt the same way as John but was unable to express those feelings because he was worried of creating a scenario he did not have the strength to deal with.
John took the time to try calming himself down, not making any promises that his fists wouldn’t come to use as the evening progressed, but for now realising that this might not be the right time for a brawl.
This situation was close to unbearable if this was how Victor was going to behave from now on, until the business with Magnussen came to an end.
Just to get rid of the competition he might even show John Watson what kind of a man he was really hankering after.
Sherlock shrugged as if it was inconsequential to him how Magnussen felt about anything. It probably was.
Mycroft himself isn’t there at the moment, he is off talking to those keeping a look-out at the borders and despite knowing that nothing has come up so far and a great deal of time has passed already, John is not willing to give up hope just yet, and apparently Mycroft needs something to put his focus on as well.
“But you do. As you resigned so very hastily from your position as Sherlock’s physician, I assume there is a reason behind that decision. You hinted as much over the phone, even going so far as to regret ever accepting the job in the first place. That indicates some sort of wrongdoing on his part. Or perhaps it was his brother’s fault? Either way, I’m sure there is an interesting story behind it.”
“I have no idea, Mycroft. Because all I’ve seen ever since I first met you is a man intent on trying to dupe me into losing what’s mine! I know you’ve never warmed to me and that is of no true importance in my opinion as I’ve hardly warmed to the coldest man in England in return, but I will not allow you to deny me the right to see him, or so help me God I will unleash everything I know about you and it will end with your name attached to a scandal of such enormous proportions that you won’t be able to ever rise from it again.”
Mycroft’s cold stare intensified even further and he opened his mouth to reply when there was a sharp knock on the door and the female assistant came in with the Narcan, interrupting the tension between the two men, leaving whatever Mycroft had been about to say unspoken.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose in a challenge and before Mycroft had the chance to fully grasp the situation, his little brother had stepped up to him, crossing the line of personal space so much that their noses almost touched. Feeling uncomfortable with this much proximity, Mycroft couldn’t help but step away from the intrusion, involuntarily backing into the chair that was behind him, the unbalance causing him to gracelessly seat himself down in it with a soft thud.
“Well, as I believe I mentioned mere minutes ago, communication is the simplest way of getting the information you want. For a couple about to get married you’re seriously lacking in that department. So, might I suggest talking to Sherlock instead of harassing me? If you don’t believe me, just ask him and he’ll confirm it.”
He thought of the strangely shaped fire stocker so innocently leaning against the wall and he stared at the ripped-off button in front of him.
As the car came to a halt in front of the stairs leading up to the main entrance, the door opened and the silhouette of a man presented itself in the doorway, the light from inside making him difficult to distinguish, but he seemed to be of a rather formidable build, taking up a large portion of the space he was occupying, taller and broader than Sherlock by far, even more so than even Mycroft.
He had never entertained the thought that a drug detox could have killed him, even if he theoretically knew that it could. He had somehow always survived those, however dangerous and extremely unsafe they had been, and he had always been sure of the end result, even when suffering from the most excruciating abdominal pains imaginable, throwing up and hallucinating.
Resolutely he turned his steps towards his home as the morning sun was beginning to rise from behind the trees and another day was about to start. A new day with a clean slate and the promise of less troubled times ahead.
Rushing over to the window he saw Sherlock stalking off in a temper down the street, clearly not pleased with John at the moment either. The fact that he apparently was so irritated that he had stormed off without proper clothes on, spoke volumes. But John was too angry himself to care about that right now. Sherlock could very well freeze if he wanted to. Maybe Magnussen could offer him a warm lap for his cold body to snuggle inside if necessary?
And with those parting words she turned her back against him and began walking back towards the door, not even checking to see if he was following.
“I had intended to meet with you earlier today, but when I came by the house Sherlock informed me that you had already left.”
With that he turned his back on John, clearly dismissing him now that new arrangements had been made, walking back to his desk where he picked up his glass and downed the content in one go. How much money’s worth that disappeared down his throat in one go was clearly of no concern to him.
And with a distinct ding announcing their arrival to the top floor, the conversation was put to an end and they both arranged their facial features into something more professional as she walked out of the elevator first and showed him the way past her own desk over to a large door slightly ajar, leading to the room where Magnussen waited for them behind a huge desk in front of the spectacular view offered by his panoramic windows showcasing London by evening.
And then there’s that time when Mycroft came around while Sherlock was having a full-on strop, on account of the lack of interesting cases, and John had decided to flee the flat before things turned positively nuclear.
John sighed and rose to a seated position on the bed. He felt a bit sticky and longed for a shower but realised that a wash needed to wait until he got back to the barrack.
As he briskly walked all the way back to the facility John’s head was swarming with unpleasant ideas and images of what Sherlock and his fiancé were doing right now.
Mycroft gave the room a quick glance over, trying to look for clues to what his brother might be up to, but except for the usual disarray of the place, nothing seemed out of order. Naturally the doctor could fill in the blanks to some extent if properly asked, but Mycroft knew that normal people weren’t even half as observant as he and Sherlock. The chances of Dr Watson realising anything out of the ordinary were slim, but telling him about Sherlock’s recent act of disappearance could perhaps reveal something to an older brother who knew his sibling’s thought process almost as well as his own.
“You do realise that you went through all that trouble of convincing him of your drug addiction for naught now that he’s loyally back by your side?”
John quickly put two and two together and realised that the second stray bullet he had fired, the one which had resulted in the sound of glass shattering, must have been responsible of freeing the snake from its confinement and in a sweet but terrible case of justice, it had attacked its owner who was now full on panicking on the floor, his hands clawing at his throat while his eyes bulged out of their sockets in fear as well as pain. The fact that he had ripped the snake from its grip meant that he had managed to tear up quite the wound around the initial bite.
Mycroft was not yet fully wrestling his brother’s body out of John’s grip but as close to without actually doing it and John couldn’t help but protectively keep Sherlock’s unconscious form even closer to his chest.
“Call it a hunch. What I’m really after is some answers. What the bloody hell happened to me. And to Sherlock and Magnussen? And what were you and your men doing there?”
If he reacted to Mycroft’s familiar surname, Dr Roylott made a good job of not letting it show. But neither did he extend any greeting hands. Instead he continued to address Magnussen.
Feeling offended that these two were so determined to throw judgement on him when he had done nothing but improved the situation regarding Magnussen, and such news in reality should be a source of enjoyment, not something to be thrown in his face, Sherlock flailed with his arms in exasperation as he began to pace the room in front of them.
It would be very bold indeed to just step up and demand entrance, as if he had the right. The guards weren’t going to believe their eyes if he did that, the security in such a place was bound to be extensive.
It didn’t matter in the end, they had all pulled through for Mycroft’s little brother and he felt endlessly grateful for it. The medical staff had wanted Sherlock to stay put for observation a bit longer than just over night but he had naturally refused, because Sherlock actually hated hospitals even more than Mycroft did, so tomorrow he would have to walk these corridors again to pick him up and take him home.
Sherlock did call him the most dangerous man John was likely to meet, on that first nigh together at Baker Street. And Sherlock should know what he’s talking about after all, considering circumstances.
Soon he hoped, as he squinted his eyes, looking at a cloud floating by, trying not to think about his meeting with Magnussen tonight. A part of him wanted it to happen because it would mean one step closer to the end of this, but another part of him worried that he was somehow going to botch things up.
This earned him a pair of raised eyebrows, but it seemed more like a mannerism than any actual surprise and it went unmentioned that John had correctly figured out the identity of the other man.
Mycroft sighed but otherwise remained stoically calm in the face of the furious man in front of him.
Mycroft has grown more bored of this insignificant specimen of a man that he ever thought was possible and now he has the gall to invade Mycroft’s personal sanctum as well, making demands no less.
He took his time, inhaling the scent of the other man, after having pried the cigarette out of his hand and thrown it out the window, allowing himself to roam Sherlock’s firm and lithe body, the silky touch beneath his fingertips accentuating the sensation of pleasure he felt pooling in his stomach as he basked in the realisation of being allowed to do this openly for once, to display whatever affection he wanted without the fear of anyone catching them.
And with those words Sherlock began telling the long and complicated story about how he got involved with the man called Victor Trevor.
“....no. Quite the opposite. We didn’t really talk about anything in particular. We....well I won’t go into to details, but we had a very pleasant afternoon. For the most part. There was a short moment when he seemed a little on edge, started to pick on things, almost spoiling for a fight, but it dissipated pretty soon. Then I made us some tea and we ended up here. And then....”
Sherlock stretched out like a cat, his elegant fingers dancing in the morning light coming from the window, curls tousled and contentment on his face.
“Well, I can only say that with the level of narcotics running through my blood stream that night, I’m surprised I even managed to steal those damn plans in the first place. That I misplaced them afterwards was truly unfortunate though.”
There would be too much material to remove from his brother’s memory if Mycroft’s persona was going to be completely erased and there was always a risk that too much of Sherlock’s personality would be removed along with his memories, so in the end he had settled for this solution.
“You know very well I didn’t.” Sherlock sounded toneless when he spoke, one couldn’t tell if he was tired of the usual nagging or simply answering a question they both already knew the answer to.
It was the same contact Victor believed was keeping him updated on the same piece of information, as staff members could always be relied on to be the best sources for gossip, but since Mycroft had long ago turned this particular mole into a member of his own team, he was well aware that both Victor and Magnussen were by now fully up to date with the state between Sherlock and his doctor.
It was simultaneously a tantalizing sight as well as provoking, John could just imagine the anger in Mycroft’s eyes if he had been aware of this blatant display of impropriety.
“How is Sherlock? Has he regained consciousness?” he asked, his eyes still firmly trained on the man in front of him.
“How many calls is it now?” John asked from his chair, still stubbornly pretending to be focused on the documentary but suspecting that he wasn’t fooling anyone, too tense to truly enjoy it. This situation didn’t sit well with him and he wasn’t completely sure Sherlock knew what he was doing after all.
John turned to look at Mycroft who stoically stood and pretended to not be affected by what Magnussen said. Or maybe he wasn’t pretending, it was always difficult to tell with Mycroft.
So he had allowed himself to forget his duties, he had neglected to take the tests or performed the examinations he had been hired to do and which most likely would have exposed Sherlock’s drug habit earlier, and it had happened simply because his focus had been on the naked body in front of him instead of everything else happening around him.
Victor was clearly someone who along the road had lost his footing on reality but wasn’t aware of it himself. To refer to him as ticking bomb, as Sherlock had done earlier, had not been an exaggeration.
And despite the very daunting realisation that this was how he actually felt, a certain warmth spread inside his chest when he looked at the other man while still trying to look stern, knowing deep down that when this business with Magnussen was all over and done with, he would want nothing more than put his arms around Sherlock and never let go.
The problem was that Mycroft couldn’t afford the luxury of allowing him to do that. Not now when Magnussen’s interest in Sherlock had been piqued.
“Dr Watson’s talents are no more remarkable than what any other doctor could offer. For as long as Sherlock’s accepts his services it is all good and well, and if the day comes when those services are no longer in demand, we will simply have to find someone new.”
They looked at each other and Sherlock felt a veritable tingle run along his spine when meeting those bottomless pools that Dr Roylott’s eyes resembled. It had been far too long since meeting an opponent who seemed to thrive on the theatrics as much as he did. And they had barely scratched the surface yet.
Mycroft had tried to warn him in the beginning to be careful, but he had allowed himself to be mesmerized by Sherlock’s magnetic beauty and intelligence, had manage to ignore all the alarm bells going off as their relationship had transgressed and now he suddenly stood in front of a stranger that he had no idea what to make of, who also had the gall to throw everything John had cherished straight back in his face with the words that informed him that it had all been nothing but a cruel game on his part and that John had been foolish to have fallen  for it.
Was this one of those unspoken relationship rules where he should have perhaps followed his lover upstairs and asked him if something was the matter? But how was he supposed to do that if he hadn’t even realised that something
But he also didn’t want this to be some sort of effort to remove Sherlock from the game while simultaneously preparing for an attack because that always meant that he had to stay more alert, prepared for whatever those two devils had plotted against him. And his only alliance in this situation was Victor Trevor who didn’t amount to much.
“You need to come with me, Dr Watson. Your services are needed. Hurry,” she said, a tone of urgency in her voice even if she looked nothing out of the ordinary otherwise. Even her face looked neutral, her clothes impeccable, as if she had never gone to bed. Maybe foregoing sleep was something that was expected when working for someone like Mycroft.
Sherlock had looked particularly dashing in his nicely fitted suit, with his curls tamed and acting particularly charming. It had all been part of the plan of course, his mission had after all been to entice Magnussen enough to weaken his guard.
“Don’t come complaining to me when you have to make a new appointment to you tailor because your waistcoat has become too snug,” he still dared to taunt his older brother. Mycroft shot him a death glare, finally shutting the insolent brat up.
Sherlock shook his head and his eyes turned downcast for a moment, looking at the ground, uncharacteristically meek for once. He showed more humbleness now than after being exposed with his drug abuse, which was ironic considering how he had behaved that night.
The next 24 hours turn into 48 and then 72 before he stumbles back home, exhausted, hollow and still as clueless to Sherlock’s whereabouts as he has been all along.
It was a threat of course and for less than a second the idea of Magnussen having anything on him made Mycroft’s head actually feel dizzy, although he outwardly remained as impassive as ever. If Magnussen had something, what could it be and was there a way out of it?
There was a clear accusatory tone in his voice and Sherlock thought back to how John had behaved last night.
Because Sherlock never cared for others before. Granted, he didn't care for Mycroft either but there was never a risk of anyone taking him away.
This actually caused John to sit up straight rather abruptly from where he had been lounching on the bed, a flare of obvious anger in his eyes now.
Naturally Mycroft had not settled for this unsatisfying description but had taken matters into his own hands, or rather Anthea’s capable ones, by asking and receiving further information on his phone while riding in the car to pick up John Watson.
Before he had managed to come up with a plan that would remove the risk of anything ever happening between his brother and the doctor there had been more signs of a romance threating to develop in the Baker Street household and he came to the realisation that John wasn’t a procrastinator but a doer who had already began trying to set his seduction plans in motion while Mycroft was trying to come up with his own plan of putting a stop to it.
Mycroft strongly detested the suggestion that his brother was some sort of creature to be talked about as a specimen, and even more so, that Magnussen deigned to make sexually suggestive gestures at his brother’s expense, but still he said nothing about it at the moment, just waiting to hear what had actually brought Magnussen to his door.
When presented with that observation during dinner one evening at The Diogenes, Mycroft had not reacted with the usual exasperation over his little brother breaching his privacy by breaking into his hidden safe, but instead a small smile had briefly, next to non-existent, flashed across his features before he had given Sherlock one of those infuriating know-it-all looks over the rim of his wine glass.
For some reason that image sat very well with him despite the nagging feeling that he had been slightly played by the Holmes brothers as well last night. He was wise enough to realise though that their methods might have been justified if this was the result they had managed to generate.
“What’s the meaning of this?” John whispered, still staring at Sherlock but addressing the other man in the room. He had no idea what to do now.
A thought hit him and he couldn’t help but wonder it this was perhaps similar to what Sherlock experienced every time he realised something significant.
Yet he could still picture John’s face and it looked positively ill despite the fact that the real John had no idea what Sherlock was up to. Maybe Sherlock had actually developed a conscience somewhere along the line despite his claims of the opposite?
He can hear how curt he sounds but doesn’t care. And evidentially it’s what Mycroft needs to hear to snap out of the immediate impassive state.
The dining room was as luxurious as the other rooms with a huge white table in the middle, heavy velvet burgundy drapes around the windows, two intricate chandeliers hanging from the ceiling and the table set with large crystal vases overflowing with red sponge-like flowers while the plates were looking like they were made from actual gold. A black deer made out of porcelain stood in a corner to overlook the guests seated at the table and John was once again struck by how the interior design constantly toed the line of being too gaudy and over the top. Money clearly didn’t always mean that a person could pay for good taste.
“Nonetheless, it would be appreciated if you decided to join us. I’m sure Sherlock would like it as well.”
He has even tried getting in contact with people from the homeless network, a rather difficult task as he has no idea where to find them, but so far he is just as empty-handed as he was when they left Baker Street.
He suddenly remembered the obligatory STD tests and wondered if it was perhaps further proof of Victor Trevor’s need for control that he insisted on having them taken. It seemed very much in line with his current attitude to have full knowledge of everything regarding his fiancé.
The icy wind pinched his cheeks as he stared out across the water, the grey sky and the drizzle of rain painting a bleak picture in front of him as his arms out of habit crossed his chest to keep warm.
It was the sight of those conflicting emotions that made John decide that the easiest way to end it all was perhaps to do it directly with the man who had hired him in the first place. So reluctantly he climbed into the car and seated himself before he cut straight to it.
That it was Magnussen approaching was easy to tell as Sherlock recognised the man’s soft steps, now slightly hurried in pace but not too much, he was clearly trying to contain himself while simultaneously excited.
John slept on the couch in the living room to be close by if Sherlock needed him and he woke up well before his flatmate did, went up and made breakfast and proceeded with the day as he usually would.
But where his brother enjoyed the solitude of no one else interfering in his activities, Mycroft enjoyed the presence of mankind as pieces on a chess board, for him to move about as he pleased, creating intricate games that he was the only one clever enough to fully grasp.
Not in his own chair but in Sherlock’s, John had seated himself, and in his lap a very familiar object rested, on open display, accompanied by a very firm gleam in the army doctor’s eyes.
Whatever John Watson claimed, Sherlock had lost weight for some time now and as he hardly had much weight to spare to begin with, this fact worried Mycroft.
He can’t afford to lose focus and yet his bodily functions as well as his brain screams at him to take a break, he won’t be able to continue forever without it.
“Don’t like the gentle approach, eh? A firmer hand might be more effective with you, is that what you’re saying?” he seethed as he got up from the dinner table, pent-up anger radiating from every pore.
, you’ve just been too busy fucking me against the furniture to notice. Not much talking involved when there is a cock shoved down one’s throat, so maybe you’re excused for not noticing before, but believe me, I’ve been called worse than arsehole in my life jus for being myself, you were just too horny to notice.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about, Mr Magnussen. I haven’t seen my brother since yesterday and we have not been in contact after that. He is not the one who has sent me. Whatever dealings you have between you, I have no knowledge of it. “
If Victor had been acting on his own, Mycroft would likely had made the process a short one by eliminating him from the game all together, but Magnussen is a far more dangerous opponent and as he is the one who now has the original missile plans as well as Victor’s testimony to confirm that it happened the way it did, our hands are pretty much tied.”
“Oh...I see..,” John’s eyes widened as he allowed that piece of information to settle, picturing a mob of angry men in suits raging against Magnussen up in that tower of his back in London.
He took a few steps closer, his eyes roaming the body in front of him, lingering a few seconds longer on the wrists in the handcuffs, as well as the opened-up button that alluringly still held the trousers in place but was like an invitation to explore what was beneath.
Annoyed by Mycroft’s refusal to look at the situation from his brother’s point of view, John turned his back on him, stubbornly ignoring the other two in the room as he got to work by slowly injecting the Narcan intravenously into Sherlock’s arm, looking for signs that it would have some sort of effect on him.
John met his eyes and he could tell that Victor probably had expected him to straighten himself up a bit at this piece of information, become more accommodating, but John remained stoic, so after a moment of silence Victor continued.
Mycroft clasped his hands in front of him on the desk and leaned forward a little bit, scrutinizing John like a laser beam, not even bothering to hide his obvious inspection. This immediately put John on edge and he pressed his lips tightly together and boldly stared right back.  Two could play this game and he was certainly not afraid to show how he felt about being looked upon like an insect pinned beneath a magnifying glass.
“Oh, I warn you not to use such language when talking to me...” Dr Roylott sneered but Magnussen frankly didn’t care about the other man anymore.
“It could have, if you had concentrated on what you were supposed to do, instead of getting sidetracked by some henchman that you thought was more interesting. That has always been your weakness, Sherlock, letting yourself be distracted with the promise of a greater temptation than the one you already have.”
Magnussen normally doesn’t care about discretion, no one ever gets to him so he does what he wants without any concerns for other people’s feelings. But he knows how unhinged Victor is, so in this particular case his visits are conducted by reaching out to Mycroft who informs him if it is a good time to stop by or not. Or at least that was the arrangement until lately. For the past couple of weeks he has begun turning up announced and he has switched his game up a bit, become more gruesome, more brutal. If anyone knows about my relationship with you, then it’s Magnussen. That’s why I have decided to make a last effort to take him down.”
He had gone to bed early and then woken up, gone to work and consequently come home exhausted with nothing but sleep on his mind after a particularly gruesome shift.  When waking up this morning, the door to Sherlock’s bedroom had been closed and since Sherlock, when deigning to sleep, was a late riser, John had thought nothing of it and gone about his usual morning routine instead.
An hour earlier Sherlock had managed to cause a similarly unexpected disturbance in a flat in different part of town, but the occupant of that resident had at least not been asleep when Sherlock had entered, but was instead busy pounding the fastmoving treadmill he tried using at least a few times a week, preferably in the morning before preparing for work.
He held his breath while waiting for the impact of a gunshot to echo through the night, but instead, after a few seconds of silence, the voice simply resumed talking.
“Oh, I was planning to, as I’m sure Victor will do as well. But I might need to wait for a day or two, Sherlock looked a little unwell tonight, don’t you agree? Those eyes were like flaming orbs and the cheeks very flushed. Maybe something for you to check up on, doctor? We wouldn’t want him to succumb to something bad so close to the wedding.”
“Oh God…” John groaned and drew a hand across his face in exasperation. Because only Sherlock would see the benefits of fixing a problem by complicating it even more.
The man was a whining idiot with serious jealousy issues, but other than that he was relatively harmless and with the forgiving trait of actually loving Sherlock very much in his own egotistical sort of way.
And considering how protective Mycroft is of his little brother, John can’t really see such information being well-perceived by the man who is charge of a whole group of secret service agents and probably could ruin John's life with the snap of his fingers.
He recognised none of them by appearance, so at least he hadn’t interrupted an evening with someone that could tell people
To his utter horror it didn’t stop there as the tongue continued to slide down his throat all the way to his chest, across his abdomen, leaving a wet trail in its wake.
He took a gentle hold of Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head so their eyes could meet, reassured to have his full attention.
“Not if you consider what was stolen and the fact that we tried to hide our crime afterwards by creating a forgery.  I was not a minor when I committed the theft, even if I was very young and I was not affected by drugs when we agreed to create the forgery. Mycroft was definitely an adult and we both knew what we were doing. The fact that we never managed to locate the missing plans is also something that weighs against us in this case. In the eyes of the law we were lucky they ended up in Victor’s hands, as the alternative could have been much worse.
But if Sherlock felt the same way, he didn’t show it. Once again he simply ended the conversation by not answering and this time John actually felt grateful for it.
After a moment of stubborn silence, with Dr Roylott glowering at Magnussen, he finally threw his arms out in exasperation.
It’s small but it’s there if you know what to look for and John immediately sees it,  despite his tired eyes.
Shortly before noon he left the facility to take a piss as well as wash his hands as lunch time was soon upon them and he was both greasy as well as sweaty, his stained shirt clinging to his back like a second skin.
“How shocking....the self-proclaimed jealous fiancé is having suspicions about what his beloved is up to behind his back and now everyone is going to suffer for it. How are you ever going to last through years of marriage if you’re this jealous even without being actually married yet? You know, jealousy is not a particularly becoming trait. Least of all to the person subjected to it.”
It was absurd to even consider the kind of discussion he needed to have with Sherlock eventually, but on the other hand it was one of the few reasons that prevented him from going down the dark path of realisation that Sherlock might be dead by the end of the night and none of this would no longer  matter.
overindulging instead and as his clothes are beginning to look a bit snug as of late I assume he’s going to stop with the meals soon enough, but please, try to keep the details in those reports to a minimal consequence for me. We are after all not particularly interested in my
His jaws immediately clenched, and the unfurling of discomfort made itself known straight away, like a cold snake slithering inside his abdomen, the need to gag overwhelming him for a second.
“Yes, sorry for the intrusion. I fell victim for it myself earlier this evening, while dining at The Delauney . And for the very same reason as we are now intruding upon you. You see, Mr Holmes here, had the strong belief that his errant younger brother Sherlock was sharing my company tonight and apparently thought it necessary to come and collect him. Unfortunately, Sherlock was not with me, I would have given me much joy if he had been.”
“I am inclined to agree that you are probably right on that account, although I would have hoped that the change in your relationship status would have decreased, if not put a stop to such actions by now.”
“Leaving so soon, Dr Watson? We were all so eager to make your acquaintance this evening. We have been hearing so much of how you care for Sherlock, it would have been interesting to hear how you managed to tame him. I’m sure Victor could have benefitted from taking a note or two from your book, Sherlock is a particularly feisty companion to subdue. In fact, I’ve never heard of anyone having the same success as you before.”
Reluctant to continue talking, John just nodded absently, trying not to encourage her to inform him of further personal misfortunes. He wanted to concentrate on his meeting with Magnussen that he suspected could turn out to be a tricky affair.
Sherlock’s voice came flowing through the darkness like a velvet mist, the familiar timbre pulling at feelings deeply hidden inside of Mycroft.
Sherlock had no true knowledge of Magnussen beyond what Mycroft had told him, and he was not a stranger to acting a part if it suited his motives and yet he showed some reluctance going through with the arrangements of the evening, despite Mycroft’s reassurances that it was going to be an easy task. He secretly wondered if this was all because his brother’s new flatmate.
But even if Sherlock’ s brother never had been a particular favourite of his, he at least wasn’t as utterly deplorable as the man sitting in the chair holding court at the moment.
“Sherlock is currently suffering from a drug induced coma caused by an overdose and has been moved to a private facility where they are doing their best to bring him back from his unconscious state.”
A dog would have been the choice if Sherlock had been the one in charge, but Mycroft preferred cats.
A world where that same idea of replaceability might apply in their private lives as well and where a person might sleep with another one for weeks on end even if they were about to marry someone else.
In this case, it seems a little bit of both has occurred and the end result is a man so smitten with his victim that he has managed to arrange the most waterproof capture ever organized in the history of tricky abduction cases.
“Well, that’s another shirt you owe me, Dr Watson. This used to be a favourite of mine. Apparently it brought out the blue tones in my eyes, according to the sales person.”
John suddenly realised that he missed Sherlock terribly and a pang of longing hit him as he stood on the abandoned courtyard looking up at the sunlit sky above his head, wondering when they were going to meet each other again. The conception of “if” was not something he was willing to contemplate.
John felt the need to probe deeper into this issue later on, he still had a bunch of questions swirling inside his head that he was dying to get to bottom of. But for now, the initial meeting had come to and end and he felt satisfied about how effortlessly it had all gone down. He had frankly feared a lot more hassle considering Mycroft’s description of his brother.
As he passed him on the way out the door Mycroft could feel a familiar scent hitting his nostrils and involuntarily they flared before he was able to tamper the impulse down.
It’s so miniscule that if he hadn’t been staring so intently at it he would not have noticed it, but it is the way Mycroft’s hand has somehow moved, from being close to Sherlock’s wrist in the first frame to resting on the lower part of Sherlock’s arm in the next that causes John to realise that something has been occurring in between.
s feelings? We didn’t hear a single word on the subject from him that evening. In fact, I have never heard him say
And if the initial shock of the scream had not been enough, what he saw as his eyes adjusted to the darkness in the room, was even more shocking and horrific then anything he had expected to see.
His brother's reputation had indeed preceded him and plenty were the people, both male and female, who gave him curious glances, appreciative looks and a few insipid smiles, along with those who were simply suspicious about his presence.
John turned his head to try and get a look at who this visitor might be but was unable to see anything on account of the crowd.
The door itself did not look like the rest of the house, it was a sturdy piece made of mahogany and looked more like something that had been personally chosen than anything else he had seen so far.
John’s own parents had been dead for many years and he only had his sister left who he wasn’t particularly close to, so he knew the feeling of not having any family members around, of not having somewhere to return to or someone to call when life had decided to chew you up and spit you out.
In his teenage years the lack of feelings towards others had bothered him a little bit, but as he had grown older he had realised the value of not having any emotional strings attached to anyone, because sentiment was always a liability in the end and Mycroft was content to keep his distance and never truly get involved.
Sherlock paused for a second and snorted sardonically, as if berating his younger self for the stupidity of his actions. John wanted to reach out and touch his arm in a comforting gesture but felt unsure if it would be appreciated. Sherlock seemed too far off inside his own head to notice anything, so he refrained from following his instinct and kept his hands to himself.
And as this isn’t a normal kidnapping scenario, no pleas for a ransom will be made as Mr Marcus already has what he wants, thereby preventing them from getting in any sort of contact with him, it looks more and more difficult to come to a satisfying conclusion.
“My men are working on it. But the fact that they haven’t reached out yet indicates that they have indeed most likely managed to lose him. “
“Dinner’s ready” he said while he gave the room a critical assessment.  It consisted of the usual mess and he felt the waft of something unpleasant coming from one of the beakers next to Sherlock’s hunched form. He had no desire to know exactly what that was and chose to focus on the person in the room instead of the mess that would only cause him to despair at the sight of it.
There is clearly something going on that HE cannot see yet, but John is determined to figure it out.
Happy with how he had handled the situation with Mycroft, he decided to join a couple of his co-workers for an evening down at the pub after work to keep himself from moping around and instead celebrate his new-found freedom.
36 hours later John is functioning on the small remnants of adrenaline he has left. With the lack of sustenance and sleep as well as the ever-increasing stress of the horror that has began to hold him in a even firmer grip within every passing minute, he feels close to a collapse.
“But that’s all there is to it, suggestions. If he knew for certain, trust me, we would know about it by now. I hate to put clichés in my mouth but in this case it is justified to point out that if he ever found out, he would try to kill you. That’s why Magnussen’s arrangement with me is kept a secret as well.
The man was apparently still practising medicine to some degree in a nearby village, but more sporadically than anything else, and otherwise he seemed to conduct business in London, but what that business consisted of was still unclear.
With his mind still trying to figure out what exactly he was looking at, it, whatever it was, suddenly dropped from the ceiling, landing next to his face. And as it coiled up in a distinct position before beginning to slither towards him, it was the movements that gave him the final clues as to what he was actually seeing.
Better to pretend that everything was like it had been made to appear for the last couple of days, with an apparent truce between them, however falsified the reality of that truce really was. Mycroft was nothing less than professional in the art of playing diplomatically polite when necessary.
Sherlock’s cool hand felt soft in his grip and for a brief second their eyes met before the moment passed and their hands fell apart again.
At least the media mogul had been occupied for the past couple of days running after Sherlock and had unlikely planned an attack against Mycroft simultaneously.
“Is there something else that would be of interest for me to know about? Any other developments? Has Mr Trevor been informed of this yet?”
She took him through a maze of security gates and a glass elevator that could only be accessed by a keycard and John secretly wondered how Sherlock had managed to gain entry to this place to establish that the vault wasn’t kept here.
“Sorry to have disappointed you. Maybe you should have sent one of your minions to do the job instead, as I have so clearly failed your expectations.”
A small sigh, then a straightening of shoulders before a voice that now sounded decidedly lower and more soft, began to talk.
He heads straight for a motel not far away from the clinic where he had been working only a few days ago.
Even if he performed this type of work most days anyway, it felt particularly rewarding to go and do something normal for a while, something that kept him occupied and unable to fret about the situation with Sherlock.
It looked frightened and it made him uncomfortable. In his eyes the shadowy figure represented some unknown threat and he had difficulty seeing any beauty in it beyond perhaps the depiction of the naked man’s body that was well-defined and slender. But the horror in the young man’s features made it impossible for John to view it as anything beyond uneasy to watch.
“It was a gift from my father. I received it when I graduated from medical school. It used to belong to an uncle who worked as a doctor, so in a way it’s both an heirloom as well as a gift, so you got it right on both accounts.”
“Who knows? He probably wanted to, the only thing preventing him from doing it would have been the redundancy of such an act when he had already managed to bring his point across. And perhaps your presence as well, he has always been keen on keeping up appearances.”
He was alone tonight as a tournament of dart was apparently being enjoyed down the pub and others had gone off to town to entertain themselves as the weather was nice and the latest salary had been distributed. Nothing like a good night on the town when you had money to spend and the evening held endless promises of a good time to be had.
Sherlock had always been adamant to keep the two worlds of him and John, and him and Victor separate but tonight those two worlds were going to intersect with each other.
Why did people feel the need to share everything these days? Was there nothing called privacy left in the world?
His frame suggested that he would probably have done better as a bodyguard instead of sitting with a silly hat, cramped up in the driver’s seat, delivering people back and forth between this place and the house. But John also realised that Mycroft Holmes had a way of making people do things they normally wouldn’t consider and if he wanted this mountain of muscles to be in charge of driving another one of his employees to tend to his precious brother, so be it, no one was going to make a complaint about it.
John would readily admit that he was too easily distracted by Sherlock’ allure for his own good, but as the reward was so sweet he fund that getting answers to his questions might not always be that important.
Mycroft remembers wanting to breach the topic of the elusive criminal threat with Sherlock when he stumbled upon the man’s reputation, but he had decided against it back then, out of fear that Sherlock’s interest would be too piqued.
the man who signs your employment checks though. And he alluded to you reporting back to him afterwards. My brother can be very forceful when he wants something. People rarely have the power to deny him.”
Well, he is sure that the meeting will be a brief one, as he will have no news of Sherlock’s whereabouts to offer. And he needs to keep an eye on the clock so he can get back here to administer the final injection in time.
“Whatever reason you have for seeing Sherlock married to Victor Trevor is not going to be worth it in the end when your brother is clearly so unhappy that he has resorted to drugs. Granted, I have no proof that the wedding and his drug abuse are related in any way, but what I saw during that dinner party was a person who looked absolutely miserable, so I’m going to make a guess and say that if Sherlock is forced to go through with the wedding it will likely end in disaster.”
, John thought, supressing a shudder of tense nervousness. Because if so, that would certainly explain the presence of the gun even more and perhaps also reveal the outcome of this grim situation. He dearly hoped that wouldn’t become the case.
Annoyed now, he stepped away from Sherlock, who stood there with his trousers around his ankles, looking slightly confused.
Mycroft felt himself trying to process what he was hearing but coming up short.  This was a novelty for someone who was used to be in control of most things in life or at least in the know-how of them.
“I am trying to get to the point, but you caught me off guard by asking about something as irrelevant as Magnussen when there is something much more interesting to be addressed.”
He actually had to bite his own tongue to prevent himself from blurting this out. Such words were neither demanded nor asked for. If anything they would probably cause Sherlock to stop what he was doing and get a pitiful look in his eyes instead before making an awkward excuse and withdraw. So instead of succumbing to the impulse of declaring his secret feelings John steeled himself and allowed himself to only feel the physical part of what his body was experiencing and not what the heart wanted him to express.
He wasn’t sure anymore but nodded all the same and turned around to follow the other man back inside. Without having to ask he knew there would be a black car waiting for him at the front.
“Well, I do try, for our parent’s sake. It’s not that we dislike each other per se, but we have different interests and personalities. I’m not someone who is prone to friendliness on account of a fraternal connection.”
It was his mission to remind people of that fact, that things could very easily be snatched away from them on account of some thoughtless little deed that had probably seemed insignificant when it happened  but could cause considerable damage if being exposed.
Whenever Victor was deprived of Sherlock’s company, he turned slightly hysterical and unruly, making all kinds of demands that Mycroft had to bite himself in the tongue not to acerbically reply to.
The chair turned out to be a lucky bargain and had been part of the décor in Sherlock’s old residence at Montague Street as well.  Like most of his brother’s belongings, the chair had its own individual story and as far as Mycroft was concerned it was one of the few things he actually liked in this mitch match of items that Baker Street consisted of.
Sherlock always looks detached in all the others, like he’s mentally thinking of something else and wishes for the moment to be over. A poseur, knowing he looks good and what sort of image he wants to project, not bothering with anything more than moving on.
His eyes turned away for a second, looking down at his feet, as if searching for how to continue. But then, as if deciding that stalling any further would be pointless, he continued to talk, the words flowing out of him like water running from a tap.
Then they moved downwards once more as his tongue did so as well, both reaching the lining of the trousers, this time the tongue doing an intricate sucking movement at the spot where the unbuttoned area left a little bit of exposed skin on display before disappearing beneath the fabric.
Ever since meeting John, companionship had shown its advances against the solitude he had preferred earlier in life, even if the company came in the shape of a murderer. Perhaps it could help him pass the time instead of fretting about how long until he died.
Unable to figure out what could have disturbed his sleep, he let it go while his eyes adjusted to the soft light in of the room that came from the lamp on Sherlock’s desk that he had left on.
As Sherlock reached for the handle to open the door, Mycroft’s hand shot out and held his wrist in a firm grip, preventing him from doing so.
“There is no point continuing this conversation as my mind is made up and yours seems to be as well, Mr Holmes. I’m terminating our agreement and will not return to tend to your brother anymore. I’m sure you and Mr Trevor, between the two of you, will find a suitable candidate to tend to him for the duration of time, someone who will hopefully find a way to put a  stop the drug abuse as well. All I know is that it’s not going to be me.”
