The shower stops and he can hear Cas stepping out, drying his hair. He doesn’t turn around when he hears the other man dressing, small noises telling that he wants to be quiet, like he’s trying not to disturb Dean. The man pads barefooted across the room,
“No. I already told you he can’t be around me, I cannot allow other angels to find me, for your brother’s sake.” Dean pinched his nose.
“Jesus Sam, I know I haven’t dated in a while, but I haven’t like, switched teams, you know.” Sam holds up his hands as a placating gesture, trying to ease Dean’s defensiveness.
“Less than five minutes.” Sam sounds strained. “How’s the wound? Stitches holding up well?” Dean  lifts his uncoordinated hands and manages to raise the edge of the hoodie carefully to inspect the wound. There’s a small patch of blood soaked through the bandages, but it doesn’t look like it’s continually seeping.
faintly feels the sting when the iv-line gets ripped out when he barrels forward, or tries to, the cast on his left leg making his running clumsy and slow. The door is only few steps away, and Dean rams into it, swinging it open and he almost loses his balance again. He needs to block the door. There are some chairs meant for visitors right next to him and he grabs one, throws himself against the door, jamming the handle with the chair, desperation making his hands shake and fumble. There’s no resistance from the other side of the door, and Dean’s not sure if the fucker isn’t just waiting for him to tire himself out.
“Shut up and come here”, Dean grumbles, pulling Cas towards him again, and he crawls over Dean’s body on all fours to kiss him roughly, strongly tasting of precum. Dean finds that he doesn’t mind that as much as he would’ve thought. He slides his hands down Cas’ back, attacking his sweater, undressing Cas hurriedly, and Cas seems to notice that he’s still wearing his jeans and opts to shove them down his legs, equally rushed. Finally naked, Dean revels in touching Cas’ shoulders, running his hands down his well-toned chest, until Cas leans down again, bringing their cocks together, and
to keep him grounded here. Footsteps come closer and Cas stops when he enters the living room. They stare at each other wordlessly for a while, unmoving. Cas looks almost as terrible as he does, with dark circles under his eyes and a stubble so long it almost counts as a beard. There’s a pained expression in Cas’ eyes, and Dean braces himself for the worst, because that’s a 100% break-up look right there.
“Yes, mostly people call me Castiel or Cassie, but actually Dean has been the first one to call me Cas.” Cas glances at him with warmth in his eyes, and Dean flushes a little.
“Is- is everything okay?” He sounds more hesitant now, slowly extracting himself from under the covers, gaze still fixed on him.
like it was a group effort. A rational part of Dean’s brain agrees with them. When he’s alone, it’s so damn easy to pick up the bottle and not care about the consequences. The life of a hunter kept him always moving, always alert and he didn’t have the luxury to just stop and heal. But now, there’s no distractions, no next phases of some heroic plan to act out, no people to save. Things pile up, as they tend to, and alcohol is one of the healthiest coping mechanisms he has in his selection. Sometimes he drinks to forget the things he’s done. Sometimes he drinks to remember the things he’s repressed within the dark corners of his mind. “
“Defensive much? Oh no, don’t answer that. So, are you gonna apologise to Cas?” Sam changes the subject masterfully to equally something awkward, hell-bent on being a nosy brother. Dean rolls his eyes, but Sam doesn’t relent.
Dean asked once, when he was in a bad way, thoughts dark and invasive. Cas held him, body tightly pressed against his back, a warm cocoon around him. “
“Um, I was just wondering how it went last night. Did you guys manage to…talk?” Sam asks hesitantly, voice kind of quelling when Dean lifts his gaze, staring at him blatantly with a deadpan expression.
“Yeah yeah mom, you just keep the beers coming,” Dean mumbles, taking a swig from the bottle and grimacing when the bitter drink stings his bloody gums. Sam shakes his head and scoffs. A feeble attempt at normalcy. Cas sighs heavily, and Dean steals a wary glance where he’s sitting, slumped in his seat from exhaustion.
“Never mind? I thought you wanted front row seats to this grand show? Dean and Cas kiss and make up? That is why you lied to me, isn’t it?” Dean leans closer, elbows on the table, tone challenging Sam to come clean. Sam swallows, his face a strange mixture of guilt and irritation.
Shutting Dean out of it. But then Cas shakes his head, frowning. “Actually, that’s not the whole truth. I had a thing for him back then, but he wanted to escape Lawrence right after graduation, because of all the small-minded people and their small-minded opinions. Living in a small town as a gay man can be hard, you know? So the big city offered him a fresh start. And I stayed friends with him.” He watches Dean carefully, not breaking the keen eye-contact. Dean’s sure he’s waiting for him to say something stupid, something that finally will convince him that he’s just one of those jerks, and Dean doesn’t want to fail this test. Dean struggles with his words, buying time for himself by fiddling with his water glass.
“How come one of has to almost die before we talk about this stuff, huh?” Sam laughs, a sound that bursts out of him equal parts genuine relief and amusement. Dean sees him wipe his eyes discreetly, trying to disguise it as casual movement of brushing his hair back with his fingers.
“Horndog?” Cas breaks the moment with his innocently placed question, voice only slightly betraying his need. Dean huffs out a breath of laughter. Clearly he’s not doing enough, if Cas has enough functioning braincells to ask stupid questions. He amps it up, fingers ghosting over the slick head, enjoying the way Cas inhales sharply, his whole body twitching.
"Did I do something wrong?" He had leaned towards Sam, expecting him to have all the answers. Sam had simply shrugged wearing his emphatic expression, chewing food thoughtfully.
"Let me be." Dean whispered, feeling the numb exhaustion spread throughout his limbs like lead, washing the anger away in its wake. He closed his eyes to block out the angel, everything.
“And we’re sorry it has come to this. But Dean’s right. He’s killed a lot of people already and will continue to do so.” Sam looks understanding, but decisive. Jesus, his brother has been through a wringer in the past day, but he doesn’t falter, already planning their next move. It makes Dean proud, seeing him take the lead like this.
“Will you, uh, touch me?” He’s not even sure why he’s still hesitant to voice his desires to Cas, but each plea feels like handing out the most fragile parts of his heart on a silver platter. The angel growls
“Look, you know how uncomfortable my couch is, so it’s no big deal if you want to sleep with me. My bed is spacious enough for the both of us”, he offers. Cas shoots him a questioning look.
“So, shower and bed?” Cas asks, going about his unpacking in a more sophisticated manner, placing folded articles of clothing on the bed. Dean glances at him, but Cas keeps his eyes trained on his belongings.
“Well okay, the man does his best impression of a holy hand grenade,” Dean mutters dryly, earning him a
"You know how Dean is. He isn't used to relationships, especially like this, so it takes a while for him to adjust." Sam had smiled at him reassuringly.
feels the fingers tightening in his hair, and the angel slams his head forward the second time. The impact reverberates in his skull, a loud snap, and everything is black and grey and light and pain. He opens his mouth to curse, shout, anything, but only a high-pitched whimper escapes his lips, and he scrambles to hold on to something, his legs giving out underneath him. Angry hands yank him back up, clutching at the fabric, and then he’s getting tossed forward, limbs like a ragdoll.
Castiel straightens himself, allowing his form to grow taller, intimidating. The nervousness passes, and his only thought is to protect Sam and Dean. If it was up to him, he wouldn’t even let them fight these abominations, but he also knows Dean would rather knock him out cold than be left out of this.
“I fucked up, plain and simple”, Dean shoots back, shrugging nonchalantly. That’s what his life is, and Sam should know it by now. Trust Dean to make a mess of things. Sam rolls his eyes, mouth setting on a thin line.
“Where’s this workplace? I’m afraid I need to visit the site.” So, Mrs. Mannings gives him the address and tries to offer him some tea, which Dean politely declines and excuses himself, before she can start showing him her doily-collections.
“Look, Sam. I’m sorry about this morning. I…shouldn’t take this out on you, man. It’s just…all this crazy shit that’s been happening and I can’t seem to catch a break. It’s my burden to bear and I’ll try to leave you out of this mess.” He evades all the jagged details, but now, this has to be enough. Dean can’t quite bear to look at Sam when he forces out his apology, instead focusing on his hands, fiddling nervously with the mouth of the bottle. Sam doesn’t hesitate at all when he answers softly.
messed up the only good thing he had managed to build with Castiel and now he has no idea where they stand. And last but not least, Rowena has escaped and Dean is sporting his own, impressive set of bruises, courtesy of hexed Cas. Karma's a bitch, and the punishment feels very much deserved.
“I’m not gay”, Dean defends himself weakly, finally finding his voice again. It’s a knee jerk reaction, a weak attempt of plausible deniability, a way to maintain status quo in a situation that is quickly spiraling out of his control, but it does nothing but make Cas more angry.
The police station comes into view soon enough. Instead of parking the car, Dean drives it near the front doors and leaves the engine on, turning to look at Sam pointedly, who in turn looks at him, pure bafflement written across his face.
“Thanks,” he mutters. Now his sudden outburst just feels embarrassing. Dean knows what’s coming next, the delicately composed questions of how his dad died and how is he holding up. He stuffs his hands in his pockets and mentally prepares to make his escape, already coming up with some excuse, before he can humiliate himself further. Instead, the man holds out his hand. Dean stares at it for few beats, not sure what do make of the sudden gesture.
“Cas, ohh, I’m gonna-” he moans, breathless, cock pulsing and spilling in his hand a second later, his entire body shuddering and grinding against Cas, when the orgasm washes through him, the electric pleasure curling his toes. He keeps jerking both of them, because Cas is still hard and thrusting against him, until Dean’s cock gets soft and oversensitive. Cas is so close, Dean can tell by the way his breath hitches everytime Dean touches him just right, and he speeds up the movement of his hand, fingers sliding easily over the shaft, and
he’s just as hard as Dean is and it’s all too much. Neither of them have the restraint anymore to keep the appreciative groans from spilling their lips when they start moving slowly, and Cas leans their foreheads together, panting. Dean wraps his other leg around Cas, keeping him in place, thrusting his hips upward to meet Cas. Holding his upper body up with his forearms, Cas takes Dean’s hand into his and guides it between them, urging him to touch their cocks, and Dean fits them both in his hand, looking for the right angle because let’s face it, neither of them aren’t the smallest guys. He gets a steady rhythm going quickly, spurring Cas to move his hips more forcefully against Dean’s, and the heat and the friction between gets Dean closer to the edge faster than he could’ve imagined. He takes shuddering breaths against Cas’ lips, rubbing their cocks together swiftly, hand sticky with precum he’s not even sure whose it is, and seems like Cas isn’t faring any better.
He stays quiet for a long time, looking for the right things to say and the right way to start this, but there isn’t any. It isn’t gonna be easy, and it’s fucking scary, but if there’s anybody he’s ever gonna to come out to, it’s Sam. Something deflates inside of him.
“Is this really happening? Is there, you know, us, we-” he gestures between them, trying to encompass all of this, “-a real thing?” Mentally he’s cursing his eloquence, but he hopes Cas gets what he’s trying to ask.
“Then it’s better I take my leave,” Cas says tensely. Sam looks equally displeased. Dean offers only a curt nod in response and starts searching for the car keys in his pocket, heading for the driver’s side of the Impala.
"Dean, you know it's the mark, not you." A wrong choice of words. Dean had glared at him like the words of comfort were poison.
“You mean that?” Cas asks in a very small voice, like he’s afraid of the answer, but then he rushes to continue, voice filling with grief. “Because I understand why you needed me to go. And I’m sorry too, for my part.”
“Dammit Cas. I-I don’t think this is a good moment to talk about this.” Dean struggles with his words, trying to find any sense in this situation and failing. The guilt is eating him and he needs to be alone, so he can bury all that fucked up shit deep inside him and come back less broken. More like the man everyone’s expecting him to be. “I think I’m gonna go sleep.” Dean’s trying to keep his tone even, but his voice falters midway through. He rises slowly, keep his gaze directed everywhere but the angel.
He tries to plant his hands wider to hold himself up, but his strength is waning, and Sam takes note of that at once, reaching under his armpit, and he hoists Dean carefully upward, using his own body as support. Dean’s side twinges something nasty, sucking his breath away, but he tries to hide it as best he can. Sam notices, of course.
Their brutal kiss ended abruptly when Dean shoved him back, licking the blood from his lips. But the look in his eyes had changed, shifted so slightly that only Castiel could read it. Lust. The shove wasn't born of need to hurt, it was an invitation for him. This dance he knew better, they had danced to it many a time, only this time they were hardly a step away from killing each other. Even though their love had never been easy, they never had actually tried to hurt each other. It was all born of trust and the bond they had that allowed them be without pretense. There was a lot of softness in there too, the little touches and looks in the midst of all that barbed wire that was their lives. It reminded the men that they belonged to each other. But violence, sex, they seemed to be all means to an end for the mark, an intense rush of pleasure and relief, and it had inevitably changed their relationship. Dean seemed like he wanted to kill him now, but more so, he
Dean had slowed down, but still had been trailing a line of kisses on the side of his jaw, scraping his stubble against Castiel's. He had fumbled a few buttons open, sliding his fingers under his collar and exposing the angel's neck, planting a path there with his lips, making Castiel shiver.
“Okay,” Sam confirms, nodding. There’s a moment of deep silence between them, which neither is willing to disturb. Just as it’s about to get uncomfortable, Dean smiles weakly.
, bliss", Dean had choked out between rapid gasps, eyes fluttering open and fixating on Castiel, before his whole body had arched when he came spilling in Castiel's hand, letting out a strangled cry, muffled by his lips, more vulnerable than Castiel had ever seen him.
“Yeah”, he breathes out, pushing the door open. It’s still raining like motherfucker, water gathering in large puddles in the parking lot. Couple of street lights have gone out, the torrential rain beating on the roofs of the buildings in the dark. The damp coldness sobers Dean somewhat, and he’s able to stand on his feet more or less steadily. Instead of diving straight into the rain, Dean stays under the small canopy shielding the front door, Cas standing next to him. “You took the bus?” He asks, turning to Cas, who’s standing with hands in his pockets, the trench coat tightly wrapped around his body.
“Cas. We can’t save him,” Dean says softly. Cas avoids his eyes, but Dean knows what he’s going through; the internal struggle within him, and the shame that has weighted the angel’s step ever since the Fall. He wishes he could take it upon himself to carry that burden.
“Cas, whoa, okay, wait a little-” he stumbles, grabbing Cas’ hand and removing it from his groin. Cas allows him, lifting his head in confusion.
Sam finishes doctoring him by carefully taping a thick bandage on the wound, and then he leans back, breathing out.
A high-pitched clink brings his attention back to Cas, who has let his spoon drop loudly into the bowl, and is now looking at Dean, chewing his bottom lip. There’s still some undercurrent of irritation running through him, but for the most part, Cas looks a lot more like himself again.
Talking with Castiel turns out to be both interesting and easy. He listens to every word Dean says with meticulous attention, asking him questions and sharing his own experiences humbly. They talk about nothing and everything, conversation flowing easily between them. Dean learns that Castiel’s one of the hired workers in the shelter, managing the everyday-life there. He’s also a skilled carpenter and a poet. He rarely watches tv, so he hasn’t seen any of the western classics Dean’s enthusiastic about, but he has passionate opinions about classic books. Dean lets him speak and pretends to know what he talks about. In return, Dean tells him about his job as a mechanic and how he’s practically restored his beloved car almost single-handedly. He leaves the part out about how his dad left it to him, and the part how dad had crashed it once, drunk as hell. He tells about Sam and his studies to become a lawyer, and how they used to take road trips throughout the country together.
“Well, what did you think?” Dean asks, watching him shuffle towards the shelves that houses all of his movies, games, even a couple of books. Family photos. He sees the man observe his family pictures carefully, but doesn’t comment on them. Instead Castiel gives him a carefully controlled, neutral look, like he’s weighing his words.
he recalls glumly. But Sam is god knows where and hopefully okay, so Dean’s alone in this. Phantom itch throbs in his right arm suddenly, and for a heartbeat, he wishes he still had the Mark.
was that. It was just a dream, he tells himself. Dreams mean nothing. He feels guilty. Mortified. Panicked. Friends shouldn’t have dreams like that about their gay friends. Dean attempts to draw his mind from the memory of it, thinking about work, his past girlfriends, the tv-show he watched last week, but stuttered images of the heated dream invade his every scrambling thought. The fact that it was about
"Do I have your permission now, Dean?" He asked so seriously that Dean let out a small chuckle. He was quite done laying around in this bed. It was time to go and be with his family.
“Cas. Please stay,” Dean pleads, and there’s that look of confusion again, like Dean’s speaking in a foreign language. It doesn’t suit Cas at all, seeing the exterior of solemnity and confidence chipped away like blemishes on fine marble, and Dean reminds himself that he did that. Something uncomfortable squeezes his chest. He has to fix this. He’s got Cas here; he can fix this.
“You- You know about that?” Dean’s voice was muffled because his head was resting on his arms being held up by his knees, staring a hole into the asphalt.
“We are the only ones left.” Samandriel’s voice was barely above a whisper. “Why am I left? I mean, I get why you three are, but why me? And please don’t say that it was because Jack said you felt bad about killing me.”
“Don’t leave me. Please. Cas- I’m scared, Cas.” Dean weakly lifted an arm to put on Castiel’s shoe, to try to stop him.
“What does the gay pert have to do with the dead part?” Sam sat down to the left of Dean, and motioned for Jack to do the same on Dean’s right.
He followed him into a random, seemingly unoccupied, bedroom. Sam sat on the bed, hyperventilating. Dean crouched down in front of him to face Sam eye-to-eye.
“Know that I will always love you, no matter what.” Dean slipped the ring on Castiel’s finger, and Castiel gasped. The ring was styled exactly the same as Dean’s, but the metal was gold, and instead of Grace, it was a tiny bit of Dean’s soul in the middle channel. He had no idea you could do that with a soul. Thinking about it, he realized you probably couldn’t, that it was Jack behind it, making it happen. It was beautiful.
“No, I haven’t, but- maybe I will, you know?” Dean aims for a roguish grin, but it comes off feeble and nervous. Cas nods, carefully keeping emotions off his face, but he’s watching Dean closely. Dean tries to take a steadying sip of his beer, mind racing with desperate possibilities how to get out of this one, but finds his bottle empty. “And you?” He asks, somehow sounding out of breath. He tells himself it’s only to keep the conversation going, not because it’s been bothering him for a long time.
They stare at each other for a while, unblinking, and Dean keeps expecting Raguel to speak up, try to defend himself, spout some religious bullshit, anything. But he remains quiet, and it just makes it more difficult. It feels more like an execution, and that brings so many unwanted memories and deep-buried feelings of guilt back to surface.
“Yeah, sorry. I shouldn’t make jokes about this. I know I’d be a wreck, if something like this happened to Sam.” He says, apologetic. Cas gives gives him a rueful smile, lifting the bottle to his lips. He takes a long sip, and Dean tries to be subtle about looking at his lips, until he catches himself.
A fucking spectacular job. And now Cas is mad at him again. Let it be known far and wide, that Dean Winchester can’t handle sleeping in the same bed with another dude. The thought makes something jump in his stomach. A weird, unnamed thing. He brushes it aside, tries to forget it ever existed.
And there you have it. Not a native speaker here, so if you catch any mistakes or weird sentences, let me know :) thanks for reading and following my story, feedback is always appreciated!
Waiting seems like the hardest part for all of them. Castiel sits on a worn-down chair, his attention tuned into the energies around the place. He’s the only safety measure they have against Raguel, and he’ll know exactly the second when someone will set foot within perimeter he’s made. They’re pretty much going to this fight blindly, as every sigil and item they have in their possession will just hinder Castiel as much it’ll hinder Raguel, also ruling out traps.
He pushes off, somewhat reluctantly, and starts pulling his jeans up, mindful of his jizz-covered hand. Cas does the same, staying quiet. The air hangs heavy with unasked questions. Dean can’t look at Cas, so he walks to the small bathroom on wobbly legs, scrubbing his hands clean and trying to salvage his clothes. This wasn’t supposed to happen. His insides turn and twist, chest hollow with ache. He needs space. He needs to think, can’t with Cas right there.
Waking up alone is something he should be already familiar with, but somehow his body refuses to accept this somewhat new reality. Dean feels nothing when he fixes his blurry vision to the empty spot in his bed. He feels everything.
“Yeah, thanks for the coffee and you know, the talking. It’s really nice to do that, once in a while.” He stands up, shuffles awkwardly, wondering how to make his exit. Castiel looks at him, smile fading and Dean can see he’s thinking, face all serious.
“Uh-uh. My turn," he panted, shaking his head, holding Dean’s gaze very intently. Dean answered with a defiant look, but it lost a little bit of its edge when Castiel reached for his crotch and squeezed his hardening cock. He had learned in time how to play his body like an instrument, each action followed with reaction, beautiful music to him. Dean took in a few, measured breaths, trying clearly not to show much he enjoyed that, and then swatted his hand away again, this time reaching for his own belt and began ripping his ruined jeans off.
Entering his father’s house the second time doesn’t make it any easier. The familiar smells of old wood, dust and grease are all there, etched into the tapestries and creaky plank floors. The kitchen reeks of hard liquor. Underneath all that, a lingering odor of death. It’s hard to get it out of your nostrils.
It’s Monday evening and two days after Cas stormed out of the apartment. Sitting - or more like bonelessly slouching - on the couch, he stares at the TV, not even registering what he’s watching as a background noise, not an ounce of energy left in him. His head hurts like fuck. On the third call, he finally answers Sam, because he knows his brother won’t relent until he picks up the phone. There’s nothing unusual about them calling back and forth, they talk on the phone all the time, but three consecutive calls means Sam has sniffed something is up and he’s fucking stubborn about making Dean ‘fess up.
Dean manages to free his other hand from under covers, brushes his fingertips over Castiel’s knuckles lightly, and leaves his hand there. He needs to touch him, needs to feel the warm skin beneath his fingers. Cas follows the movement, still as a statue, then he looks up in puzzlement. Dean can’t hold his gaze for long, instead following the path his thumb trails on Cas' hand. Cas lets him, sensing that he’s working his way to saying something difficult.
"Yes you can!" Castiel had gripped Dean's collar tightly, hissing the words through his teeth, despair awaking the long dormant wrathful angel he had once been, blue eyes icy and demanding. But he had met only with the empty gaze of the hunter, and no matter how he had searched his eyes, he could no longer find any ounce of fight in Dean.
Once Dean’s safely positioned inside, albeit breathing raggedly, broken ankle stretched out on the leather seat, body rigidly leaning on the on the door, Sam disappears from his field of vision. “I need the first aid kit, now,” he explains curtly, opens the trunk and starts rummaging through things. Dean listens to his frantic rustling, sweaty forehead pressed into the cool glass and it takes all of his strength just to keep his eyes open. His other hand is restlessly twitching against his side, seeking out the wound but he can’t bear to touch it, because
There are some moments in movies, where time seems to slow down, when the hero of the story locks eyes with the heroine for the first time, a moment of fated encounter, but that moment, Dean just feels monumentally, abysmally fucked. And very abruptly he understands, he’s been fucked from the very beginning, but it’s hitting him now like a oversized brick, leaving him winded. He wants to deny it, wants to shove this revelation back inside the dark corners of his brain, with the rest of his messy secrets, but he can’t. He just knows he’s thoroughly fucked. How the
Juliet Mannings has less interesting things to say than Dean thought it was possible. Between the loud exclamations of “where has this world gone to?” and blaming excessive coffee drinking for the untimely death of his dear husband, he manages to fish out few bits of useful leads.
“I, uh…” Dean blanks, searching for some plausible explanation, “-I’ve been, you know, staying busy and- and I’m thinking of getting a girlfriend?” His voice rises at least an octave, while he’s trying to tamp down the mild panic that’s making his palms damp all of a sudden.
“Only the best for you, Samantha.” Settling into their usual routines, they go over the usual wards, shower, a gun inspection and junk food. The familiarity feels comforting and Dean realizes they haven’t done this after the Mark had gotten worse, before it all went to shit because of him. It still hits him sometimes, often completely out of the blue, the feeling that there’s something eating away at his insides, the burn in his arm. But his hands don’t tremble anymore if he doesn’t kill, and the killing doesn’t make his skin tingle in pleasure, so he has to take that as a guarantee that everything is fine and dandy now.
“What are you talking about? I’m here to apologise to you.” There’s bewilderment in Cas’ words, and Dean risks a glance at his direction, mind trying to catch up with this sudden turn. Cas looks at him, afraid, letting his words tumble out of his mouth in a hurry. “I’m so sorry for the way I reacted, it was completely out of line and awful to you, I think I was just so sleep-deprived and you were sending me a lot of mixed messages and I had
“Yeah, thanks”, Dean mumbles, stretching his neck, sort of feeling like he maybe overreacted about the situation. They’ve never really bickered about things, and it feels weird to have that negative tension between them. He wonders if Cas already regrets the decision to go traveling with him. He really hopes not. Dean watches Cas retreat inside, walking somewhat stiffly, before he gets out of the car himself and hauls their bags out of the trunk. The long drive has left him exhausted and he’s ready to crawl into bed the second they’ll get inside their room. Soon Cas emerges, dangling a set of keys from his fingers and flashing a brief, smile at him.
“When was the last time you slept?” Dean blurts out, disgruntled about the way his voice wavers, betraying his big brother-act.
“You think it stopped just because you moved away?” Dean challenges Sam, frantically trying to reclaim his shaken composure. It’s been ages since they’ve fought about this, but that scar has evidently never healed right, and it’s always a low blow to bring that up in an argument. He regrets it the instant the words tumble out of his mouth. Sam purses his lips in frustration, trying not get riled up by his accusations. He holds Dean’s gaze silently, a wounded look crossing his features.
“Sam. Are you okay? You didn’t answer my calls.” Sam clears his throat, the sound metallic over the phone.
“Well, now that I think of it, he was maybe little bit quiet in the last few days. He spent a lot of his free time in his workplace too. Richie had a thing for repairing cars, you see. He said it relaxed him.” Juliet gives him a sweet smile, like they’re discussing the weather, but Dean can tell she’s a mess underneath. Takes one to know one. He intertwines his fingers, leaning forward, tries to convey calm authority.
“Hey”, Dean grunts back, voice rough with sleep. He pours himself a cup of coffee and sits opposite of Sam, who has folded the magazine and is staring at Dean expectantly. Dean sighs in defeat. He doesn’t have the energy for this.
“Sam...I, uh, I think I’m in love with him.” And there it fucking is. The big, ugly truth right there in the open and now there’s no going back. Dean expects his heart to start beating faster and the panic swell inside of his chest, but the first time in weeks, his flight-or-fight-response isn’t kicking up. He’s in total control of his mind, and it almost feels liberating to finally say it out loud.
“Okay?” Sensing that he’s about to walk into a trap, Dean picks up the spoon nonetheless, taking a tentative sip of the soup. The chili burn hits his mouth few seconds later, and he tries to blink the sudden tears from his eyes.
“Why don’t you head there first to get the lay of the land? We’ll finish up here with Sam, sniff out the leads, the usual. We’ll catch up with you.” Cas and Sam turn to look at him, Cas with clear disappointment in his eyes and Sam looking like he wants to say something but will regret it afterwards. He glances between Dean and Cas, settling on the latter and hands back the phone.
But he knew Cas wouldn’t have it at all, so he kept the thought in his head, whispered it in his mind every time he fucked up.
It becomes a thing between them to text casually back and forth daily. They text about casual stuff, complain about work, sometimes just to wish each other a good morning. It always bring a silly grin to Dean’s face to hear his phone beep, because most of the time he knows it’s Cas.
“In Colorado, Grand Junction, as far as I can tell. I could feel it, few hours ago. And I found this in the local news- “, Cas fishes the phone out from his pocket, taps something on his screen and holds it out to Sam, who takes it carefully, “-a local housewife kills his husband and two strangers. The same MO as the others. She went missing. The chances are she could still be alive.” Dean hears the question in his voice and instantly jumps the bone.
“You’re a stubborn-“ Dean’s callout is cut off by the loud slam of the door closing. Fine then. Be like that.
It’s slow and painful process getting dressed up, although Sam has succeeded in finding some loose-fitting sweatpants and a hoodie with a zipper in their bags. Dean manages to tug the pants on, once Sam has gotten them past the clumsy cast, and he has to allow Sam to help him with the hoodie. Sam works hurriedly, glancing out of the windows every now and then, and Dean’s reminded that yeah, there was a psychotic angel right in their heels few moments before. The exertion leaves him winded and there’s nothing more he wishes than passing out. Right now. But Sam won’t allow him a second’s rest, as he taps him on the shoulder. There are couple of white pills on his palm on offer, and Dean takes them without question, drinks stale water from the bottle Sam puts in his hand.
“Grand Junction was a bust,” Castiel shrugs, even though Sam can’t see it. “The trail had gone cold, I saw only the bodies and some residual grace left in one of them. This whole thing doesn’t add up somehow.” What he doesn’t mention to Sam is the fact that he turned back without even investigating the case further, sickening worry and self-loathing eating his insides, because he was in the
“Well frankly…you can’t stop us from leaving. Sam can take care of me. What we ask of you is that you don’t tell anyone about us or what you saw here. Think you could do that for us, Susan?” Dean tries to flash one of his disarming smiles, but it probably looks plainly morbid on him. It’s getting harder to focus, the details of her face slowly blurring and fraying around the edges. Suddenly there’s some noise and hurried footsteps on his left, which Dean easily recognizes as Sam’s.
Sam sheds a few tears when they lower the coffin into the ground. He does almost it imperceptibly out of habit, convulsively swallowing and blinking furiously next to Dean. Dean shuffles closer and squeezes his shoulder quietly, and Sam nods as thanks, shakily exhaling his grief. He stares at the coffin, unblinking and unseeing, and Sam steps forward first to sprinkle the first handful of damp soil onto the black, wooden surface. Dean’s suffocating, unable to breathe under this intense pain that throbs in time with his heartbeat. Jaw clenching, he bids his farewell wordlessly.
wrong. He’d rather drown himself in the shower than face Cas right now. Taking a deep breath, he opens the door, and Cas squints at him from the bed, his hair sticking up. Panic flares deep in his gut again,
when Dean was just mauling him. The fourth punch threw him down, and Castiel took few shaky breaths to regulate the incoming pain, searching for any hesitation in Dean's ruthless eyes when he stood over the angel. But his mercy was all spent out.
“Yeah, like a fucking baby.” He says shortly, wishing pointlessly that Sam would just let it go, but he’s like a bloodhound with these things. They both know how it goes. Hit and evade. But it’s their thing. Sam sees Dean more clearly than anyone, and he has never learned not to shelter his little brother from his troubles. Sam expects to hear a reassuring answer, because if Dean would say otherwise, then he’d know things were monumentally fucked.
“Okay, I’m sorry, if I’ve made you uncomfortable. I guess I’ve been a little obnoxious about the whole thing, but it’s been so long since you’ve introduced anyone special to me. And for the record, if you-”
"Yes you can", Castiel had repeated, Dean's resignation seeping into his waning hope with its cold tendrils, making his words less convincing. He had gripped Dean, pulling him into a crushing hug, and Dean hadn't resisted. The man had felt less warm, less familiar than ever, but it was the eyes that had mostly shook Castiel to his core, leaving him terrified for the man. The eyes of someone who had given up, shrouding everything else Dean had been.
“It’s an angel. Raguel. He had planted a tracking spell inside of you, and I disarmed it by accident. But I felt his presence, before he cast me out.”
to. He grabs Cas' coat lapels and almost throttling him, pushes the angel against the drawer, knocking a cheap vase off it. Cas' eyes are widened in surprise, but he lets Dean manhandle him without trying to fight back. That just angers Dean more.
“It’s not mine,” he slurs. Sam’s shoulders relax a little and he edges closer, stepping carefully over all the bits and pieces of human meat flung in every direction.
“You stay down”, he let out an uncharacteristic, low drawl that stilled Dean for heartbeat. Castiel got out of his trousers quickly, letting them pool around his ankles, his erection finally freed and throbbing violently. That had been something to get used to in the beginning. Dean eyed him with vague approval, still harboring that spark of rebellion and chaotic bloodlust that he didn’t care hiding.
Dean kept backing him towards the nearest surface that could support them both, demanding hands roaming over his chest, stomach and then occupying themselves with his belt. All the while he kept  leaving sloppy kisses at Castiel’s jaw and neck, while the flushed angel struggled with his t-shirt. Their erections grinded against each other, and Castiel had to remind himself to keep some ounce of control, biting his lip against the friction. He needed to go off Dean's script, even if he wanted to believe this could be just one of their heated sexual encounters. It wasn’t though, but Castiel was burning up just as much as Dean was. His buckle came off with a clink, and Castiel used that moment to swing Dean around and throw him against the table the hunter had aimed for. He held him there, pushing him down when Dean tried to get up and slap his hand away, growling like a cornered animal.
“Yes. My plane leaves in the morning, and I still have to get back, so...” Cas trails off, but he doesn’t make the slightest effort to move, instead just watching the endless pouring of the rain thoughtfully. He looks content to just stay here, side by side with Dean. Bolstered by the alcohol and the lowered inhibitions, Dean opens his mouth to ask the one question he didn’t dare ask inside.
Dean drags himself to the kitchen, not surprised to find Sam already there, typing something on his laptop. His brother gives him a smile as greeting, glancing him over appraisingly and concentrating back on whatever nerdy stuff that gets him up in the morning, face suspiciously neutral.
“Now, I know I’m going to regret this, but I gotta ask. Are you sure you two aren’t dating?” Sam isn’t even teasing him anymore, he’s asking that seriously. Dean looks at him in disbelief, eyebrows raising up to his hairline.
"How are you?" Dean grunted in answer to the pointless question and started maneuvering his upper body towards the edge of the bed. He clumsily reached for a water glass that had been placed ready there, fingers fumbling weakly for the glass. It was the drugs, Dean knew, but it felt like a personal slight that his body was working against him. He clenched his teeth together in frustration, and finally got the slippery bastard securely in his hand. All the while Castiel was looking at him intently, looking like he wanted to intervene but did not dare to. Dean shot a warning look at the angel, and Castiel's gaze quickly shifted to his lap and he gathered his hands on his lap like a disobedient child. Finally some real humility, Dean thought, and propped himself enough that he could drink. It was a slow process, one sip at a time through his split, swollen lips, and once he was finished and the glass was back on the bedside table, Dean collapsed against the mattress, breathing heavily. His whole head hurt like a motherfucker, and he had almost forgotten about the angel when Castiel started speaking again.
“Wait, where’s this coming from?” Dean sees Sam’s shoulders tense minutely as he shoots him an incredulous look.
“Jesus Christ, you’re bleeding to death and you worry about your chastity?” Sam sounds like he’s about to lose his temper in two seconds.
“She’s very special,” he answers curtly, and if the other man can hear the slight crack in his voice, he doesn’t comment on it. Dean quickly distracts himself by fishing out the keys from his pocket and opening the trunk. He hands the man couple of the bigger boxes, which he grabs readily, juggling them like they weigh nothing. He piles up the last remaining boxes and closes the trunk, following closely behind. The man has a lean figure, muscled shoulders and thighs that have to be a result of a very strict gym routine. Not what he typically expects of a shelter employee.
Cas has called him a couple of times, sounding more and more hesitant when he’s talking to Dean, and he’s trying so hard to ignore that stupid fucking dream, because it’s fucking them up too. He had to cancel on their weekly breakfast at Cas’, and although Cas had masked his disappointment well, Dean could detect how his voice got more tense over the phone. He really needs to get his shit together, because he misses Cas’ company. Dean’s not even sure himself why he’s made such a big deal of it, but he’s sure that Cas will be able to read him like a book, if he sees him now. Seeing the guilt, the sudden apprehension. Dean’s straight, and he shouldn’t have thoughts like that about other men. He doesn’t. It was just a fluke. He watches porn, jerking off to busty, oiled-up women, but he keeps hovering over videos of men fucking each other, until he realises what he’s doing, closing his laptop in a panic. He spends sleepless nights, staring at the blank walls in the dark, the feeling of wrongness beating down on him.
“Okay okay okay, stop.” Sam stops his spiraling before he can get too deep. He takes a deep breath, motioning Dean to imitate him. Dean lets out the breath he didn’t realise he was holding in. “So, I wasn’t here, and yeah that’s on me, but one thing I know is that there’s nothing you could’ve done to prevent this. Do you think that with his habits, he had a long life-expectancy? And given how he died, he died almost instantly, do you remember the doctor telling you this? He had severe brain damage from the hemorrhaging. This may sound harsh, but there was nothing you could’ve done to stop that.”
“No. I’m- I’m good. Just, ah, give me…a minute.” He sounds like he’s out of breath, voice uneven and shaky. He needs to pull himself together. Sam needs him. The brother in question shoots him a look that’s equal parts of annoyance and worry. Dean takes few steadying breaths, trying to clear his head, following his brother’s movements when he rips a strip from his shirt, tears it in two and gives the second rag to Dean.
When he finally manages to get back to the motel, Sam is sitting at the table, typing something on his laptop. Some things never change. When Dean barges through the door with his offerings in a greasy paper bag, Sam looks up in alarm, immediately trying to read Dean’s mood.
“So...you’ve hardly said a word about dad during my visit. What was he like, you know, near the end?” Sam finally breaks, speaking very quietly, not to disturb the respectful silence.
“Yeah, it- it’s nothing, long day, you know, all that.” Dean stumbles for words, clearing his throat, desperately trying to balance himself. He tries to give Cas a reassuring grin. There’s a underlying current of panic running underneath his skin, and more than anything he just wants to go into an empty room and scream himself hoarse. What the fuck is he going to do about this? “So what, you’re going on a vacation?” He changes the topic very quickly. This time it’s Cas, who shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
“Dean?” Sam asks with a small voice, frozen in place, pale as a sheet. He’s gripping his gun like a lifeline. Dean realizes how this must look for Sam, the blood-spattered walls and floor, his brother lying on the floor, soaked in blood.
"Okay then." Dean coughed finally. "Now this is getting just awkward." He was slowly becoming aware of his surroundings, suddenly needing to back away a little from the intense connection. Castiel just burrowed his eyebrows together in a way that always told Dean that the angel was innocently unaware of some parts of human interaction.
“I’m gonna go to the bathroom”, he mumbles and without waiting for a reply, he rushes up and leaves. A man reeking of alcohol passes him in the doorway, but once he enters the bathroom, he’s alone. The music and the chatter of the crowd is still audible even through the door, but for the first time in hours, Dean is by himself. His ears still ringing from the noise, Dean lets out the shaky breath he’s been holding in and leans on the sink heavily. He watches his reflection in the dirty mirror, seeing his shoulders rise and fall with each inhale and exhale. The guilt is ever-present there, almost a visible thing, crawling under his freckled skin, making his green eyes look back at him hollowly. He wants to mar his unblemished skin, wants to cut it out and rip every tendril of that sick feeling off. Suddenly, the door opens loudly and Dean flinches in surprise, head snapping in the direction of the noise. His eyes lock with Cas’, as the man freezes for a heartbeat, until he starts making his slow approach to Dean.
"You're the one who never wanted me to leave you!" Dean regained his balance quickly and stood tall, intimidating, their bodies almost pressed together. His hazel eyes narrowed at Castiel's words.
“Did you go on a date with the guy at work, who asked you out last month?” Dean clarifies, trying his best to sound nonchalant. Realisation dawns on Cas’ face and he nods, lips turning into a lopsided smile.
“Sounds like a nice family vacation you had there, champs”, he says, rubbing the last of sleep from his eyes. The angel makes a non-committal sound in response. Cas has taken to spending some time with Claire occasionally, a few days here and there, and even though they’ve officially retired from hunting, Claire or others might manage to rope them into a hunt, because they’re that bad at saying “no” to people. Dean’s hardly heard from Cas in the past few days; a few text messages to let Dean know he’s alive and kicking. Now, he’s not saying he missed Cas or was worried for him - or maybe he was, sue him - but it’s nice to see him back and healthy. He knows the trips are important to Cas. Ever since they lost Jack, the blueness of his eyes was dulled somehow and even though it’s been more than a year, Cas is still not the same. He gets restless sometimes, grief shrouding his features when he thinks Dean isn’t noticing. “
A week into his guilt-ridden insomnia, he finally gives in sometime after midnight and he fetches his laptop, very discreetly clicking that one video he’s been eyeing before, of two guys giving each other blowjobs. He can’t take his eyes off it, barely lasting few minutes until he comes hard into his own hand, jaw clenched tight so he won’t make any noise. Quickly closing his laptop, Dean cleans his fingers, body still thrumming with restless energy, and he feels ashamed. Next night, he wakes up achingly hard in the middle of the night, and he remembers he dreamt of Cas; his throaty moans as Dean was sucking his cock. He stubbornly ignores his own erection, until he gives up and starts jerking himself off fast, trying to think about the girls he’s slept with, but the images of Cas’ fingers in his hair and his cock in his mouth is what finishes him off. The orgasm doesn’t satisfy Dean; he feels ashamed, because he
He floats, letting Cas play his body like an instrument, and it’s hard to tell who’s making all the noises; the moans and the whimpers drowning out the slick sounds of their bodies colliding. Cas’ hips speed up, snapping against his ass, and Dean feels the telling pulsing of his cock deep inside him when he comes, eyes closed, face upturned, breathing out words Dean can’t hear. For a moment it’s quiet, until Cas releases a shuddering breath and slides out of him. Dean can breathe again; he didn’t even realise he had stopped.
”Dean, I thought- I was convinced that you wanted me gone because I had screwed up so badly. I worked behind your back with Sam to remove the Mark, I betrayed your trust, everything I’ve ever done to help you has gone sideways- I felt like it was just time for me to go and keep my distance, and not screw up your life anymore.” Words tumble out of the angel’s mouth in a panicked frenzy, a bleeding wound that cannot stop oozing.
“Don’t worry, no one has ever asked about my hobbies in that fashion, so um… points for originality. And to answer your question, I wouldn’t consider myself particularly talented, but taking on a craft like this, it’s a life-long mission of mine.” Castiel’s eyes seem to be transfixed on the table, but he hasn’t run out to the hills yet, so maybe Dean hasn’t fucked this up. He takes a steadying breath and puts on a smile that he hopes looks dazzling.
“I’m not sure yet. But it’s got something to do with the discord in angel radio. It’s like there’s a…decayed threads of grace. I’ve never felt anything like that.”
The newborn regard Castiel silently, studying him. He feels the power emanating from them. It feels unstable and ragged, frayed edges cutting through the air.
“Oh man, this is a classic. It’s got everything, a hero, a princess in need of saving, the bad guy always loses, a happy ending…” He trails off, suddenly self-conscious about his childlike excitement. But Castiel is looking at him with warmth in his eyes.
Sam’s fast asleep in the backseat, and Dean checks that he’s okay at steady intervals, watching him through the rearview mirror. The kid’s exhausted, and the least Dean can do for Sam is to let him rest.
Dean decides to give this place one more chance and heads for the office, climbing the concrete stairs quietly. He slips the gun free from his jeans, the weight of the Colt in his hand grounding him soothingly, takes cover against the wall to listen for any noise inside the office. It’s quiet. The silence feels almost deafening, but Dean can’t sense anyone’s presence in the room. He heads inside, gun ready. Empty. As he thought. There’s a messy desk in the center, filled with papers, tools and office supplies, and an old computer. Several cabinets are lined along the corners of the room. Dean sweeps the room dutifully, but even his trained eye can’t find any dirty secrets the victim might’ve hidden there. He sighs again, stops in the middle of the room, letting his eyes fall on the old computer. He belatedly notices that the power button on the monitor flashes blue every few seconds. That catches Dean’s interest. Has someone been here recently? He walks to the door and lets his sharp gaze roam over the hall beneath him once more. The place is like a grave. Undisturbed and dusty.
“That bad?” Dean grimaces, offering a sympathetic smile to him. Cas’ hair is sticking up wildly, and he has huge bags under his eyes, face scrunched up adorably into a grumpy expression, but he still manages to look good. Fuck, Dean’s way too into this. They make their way quickly to the Impala in the parking lot and start driving to Dean’s apartment, navigating along the empty roads. Cas leans his head on the headrest, looking like he’s trying very hard to stay awake. Occasionally he stretches his apparently stiff neck, groaning in displeasure. Dean can’t help himself the third time Cas attempts to ease his uncomfort.
“Zelda, what’s that?” Castiel asks, eyeing a misplaced Nintendo game, stacked between Star Wars movies. Dean picks the game up excitedly, holds it for the man to see.
“No, you know what, I’m sorry too. Sometimes I tend to forget that some people have different boundaries than me, and I didn’t realise this was one those boundaries to you.” His tone is sheepish and regretful, and Dean doesn’t want to hear it, no way, Cas doesn’t get to take it out on himself.
“You want something? You can just ask for my fingers, Dean.” He doesn’t reply, just inhales sharply when the tip of Cas’ index finger briefly slips inside of him, before slipping back out. There are still things that are hard to ask, and he’s weighing whether it’s easier to comply with Cas’ request to beg or voice his own slight uncomfort, but Cas clocks his lack of response almost immediately, pulling back to watch him, a slight frown on his face.
“Yeah, blue eyes, impossible strength, the whole nine yards. There was something very off about him though…” Dean trails off, trying to stop his speech from slurring. His energy is waning, and it gets more difficult to concentrate with each passing minute.
Reaching the other end of the corridor, he spots the exit sign and turns left again, only managing to take couple of steps before he stumbles, nausea hitting him out of nowhere with dizzying force.
“Remember, you picked it,” Sam shrugs, tosses his bag to the bed on the farther side and starts unpacking.
Dean hunches his shoulders down, refusing to look at him, and suddenly his whole frame seems to shrink.
“Okay, let’s get you out of your clothes and clean you up,” he says decisively. Shuffling closer, bracketed by Castiel’s knees, Dean starts undressing Castiel, sliding the battered jacket off him and lets it pool behind his back. Castiel relaxes under his touch, pleasant shivers running down his back when Dean strips him with gentle hands. A hushed silence envelops the room, Dean’s measured breaths tickle his skin, and he can’t help but to reach over and touch Dean, fingers running through his hair slowly, aching to feel him. Dean’s eyes find his, and Castiel cradles his face, thumbs soothing the worried lines around his eyes.
“Oh, that’s Cas, he’s my, uh…” Dean runs out of words, gesturing towards Cas vaguely. His face is suddenly burning up,
The uneasy feeling follows Dean to the site. Turns out good old Richie did more than work here; he owned the friggin big complex that comprises of a grey, spacey building, housed for cars that are brought there for fixing and a small number of new ones, and a smaller warehouse in the back that mostly holds his personal projects and acts as a storage. Dean really hopes the personal tinkering projects are somewhat more classic, because the cars on the front just look too new, too soulless and clean.
Dean parks the car in front of the restaurant, and it doesn’t look much on the outside. “Korean food”, is written in tall, white letters in the window. Okay, maybe he can survive this. He’s not big on Asian food, but he once tried sushi and didn’t get food poisoning, so he’s got that going on for him. Cas said he’d be waiting outside for him, but Dean doesn’t spot him immediately. He gets out of the car, looking around. There’s not a big crowd, just few people exiting the restaurant, and he spots a familiar figure behind them. Cas notices him at the same time, and Dean lengthens his step to reach him faster. Cas is wearing a wide smile on his face, the kind where his eyes scrunch up and it is infectious, he looks
“Y-yeah, but you-you-,” she stammers, pointing vaguely at the body, but Sam cuts her short, hands gesturing soothingly, his whole demeanor softening in a way that compels most of people to stand down. The nurse isn’t an exception; she focuses her sole attention to Sam like a beacon.
“Wait, this is-“ Cas starts speaking and is abruptly cut off, when a bolt of lightning works through Dean’s body and his whole body spasms involuntary. He lets out a hoarse, strangled cry, teeth clenched tightly, and Cas jolts backwards. Just as quickly the debilitating pain disappears, leaving his muscles tightened like chords. Dean feels like he just got tasered and he blinks rapidly to bring himself back to the now, fighting to fill his lungs with air again. His heart pounds in his ears.
“I must commend you on your perseverance. You simply refuse to yield. Even though you’re running away.” The angel’s voice sounds almost like it’s coming from underwater, far away. But at least Dean’s pathetic escape attempt keeps her focus on him. Dean doesn’t look back, he keeps crawling forward, slow but steady. The world is narrowed down to the dim light coming from somewhere further ahead, rapid breathing and the burn of his muscles. Just few more feet, then he can rest, Dean tells himself. Then abruptly there’s a screeching, high-pitched sound that echoes from the walls, and his eardrums almost shatter from the pained scream coming from behind him.
“You gotta stay awake for a little while longer. I found us a potential place, we need to scout it.”
“Look, I’m not the greatest with this stuff, but yeah, I did mean it. I’m in, if you are.” Relief floods through Castiel, and he can almost forget about his bone-weary exhaustion for a second. He leans forward to place their foreheads gently, fingers snaking behind Dean’s neck to intertwine in the fine hairs there.
“So how was your day?” Cas asks, raising his voice a little over the noise. Dean’s focus snaps back to Cas.
” silently. Castiel’s face lights up in understanding, then he flinches in alarm when his mind gets caught up with Sam’s demands.
“Cas, I wouldn’t even be alive if it wasn’t for you. We’ve all screwed up, more times than I can count. And we’ve done some good, too. And- and I wouldn’t wish to see you anywhere but here, with me and Sam, okay?”
“It’s just a dumb question, that’s all”, he shrugs dismissively, stuffing his hands into his pockets. The surprise and disappointment is clearly written on Cas’ face, but he makes quick work of smoothing his features into something unreadable. He gives Dean a tiny smile, one that tells he knows enough, too much, but is polite enough to pretend he doesn’t.
“I’m sorry for your loss, mam,” Dean offers as parting words, once he’s safely out of that herb-smelling house. Juliet extends her delicate hand, squeezes his tightly.
so you have nothing to make up for.” Dean stubbornly keeps his head turned, but he can hear the honest thickness in Sam’s voice and it makes his heart clench. He wants to believe that Sam believes in what he says, because he can’t.
And with that brutally honest plea, the hurt was back, an aching, suffocating feeling that clawed its way to Dean's throat. Suddenly he wasn't able to hide himself any longer, like every restraint he had was shedding away. He was unable to look away from Castiel, breathing unevenly to steady the sudden turmoil betraying his body. The angel got up hesitantly and with long strides walked to the edge of the bed. And this time Dean let him. Why couldn't he hide anything from the other, even though he tried to hold on? Why couldn't he cram back the messy feelings that threatened to surface when Castiel looked into his eyes? It had always been like that with them. Castiel brought out the insecurities and hidden fears in Dean, but also utter devotion, akin what he had for his brother. But with Castiel it was more fiery and unstable, as Dean couldn't always be sure where the angel's motives lay, but he knew he would die for Castiel in a second if need be.
"I missed you when I was gone", Castiel had offered, testing the atmosphere, entwining his fingers with Dean.
but he’s graceful enough to let it slide, even though Dean sees the slight shift in his eyes, like he’s not one bit surprised, yet disappointed. Dean wishes so much he was past this point already, but there are some insistent voices in the back of his head, telling him he’s wrong and he’s nothing, and sometimes he can’t help but listen to them. One night they’re spooning in bed, Dean’s arms tightly wrapped around Cas, and he notices Cas is being restless and abnormally silent, so he carefully asks about it.
“Dean, look-“ Sam stops to find the proper words. “-I’m not about to leave you, okay? And neither is Cas. I forgive you for all of that shit, you hear me? I forgive you, so you don’t have to carry that with you anymore. It just…I don’t want us doing the same mistakes over and over again, so we have to start being more open with each other. Trust in us.” His plea is earnest. It takes a minute to let the words sink in; Sam’s right there with him, this isn’t one of those times when he’s been given an ultimatum. Dean lets himself relax minutely, first time realizing how tightly his muscles been locked up. A fine tremor starts running through his limbs. He folds his arms tighter around his body, trying not to disturb the wound. The injuries are starting to remind Dean of themselves painfully again, now that his body is starting to come down from the alerted stage.
“I, uh, whatever works”, he manages to say, too far gone already, not sure when was the last time he was this worked up over sex, even though they mostly have their clothes on. Cas grips his hip, halting his desperate writhing with an expression Dean’s never seen him wear; arousal mixed with absolute confidence, a look that tells him he’s ready to make Dean suffer a little. Cas leans in, planting a kiss underneath his jaw, moving lower to his collarbone, leaving a tiny mark there with his teeth. He slowly moves downward, giving some attention to his nipples, tracing a path to his stomach with his lips, which makes Dean inhale sharply. Each of his hip bones get some open-mouthed kisses, and Cas glances up, making sure that Dean’s still on board. Fuck yes he’s on board, sailor hat on and everything. Cas grins, but it’s more predatory than one of his usual happy grins that light his whole face up.
Apparently Dean hesitates for a second too long, because Cas sighs loudly, clearly frustrated, turning on his back away from Dean. The fear of rejection wrenches his gut suddenly. What if Cas doesn’t want him? What if he’s in it for a casual fuck?
“Cas, stop looking me like a beaten dog, okay?” Dean snaps, regretting his harsh tone the second the words come out of his mouth. Cas finally stops his cowering, blue eyes steeled, hiding his hurt. The angel thinks he can mask his emotions well, but he always forgets Dean can read him like a book. Most of the time, at least. Moments like these are the ones which show how fragile they are with each other,  he realizes with pang of shame. How easily it all crumbles. The loss gnaws his insides, even though Cas is right there.
“The thing is...I feel like I’m responsible for his death. Maybe I could’ve stopped it, if I had just gotten there earlier. Do you know that feeling, when you can’t let go of the what-ifs and you lie awake just thinking that you failed?” Sam listens to him, brows furrowed. “He could’ve avoided this if it wasn’t for me, we’ve could’ve-”
"Come on Dean, it's not like it's a secret anymore. Ain't nobody gonna get hurt by seeing you boys show some love", Charlie had chirped, looking little confused, flashing a disarming smile. Sam just had looked at Dean pointedly, probably giving some kind of signal only the brothers understood. Castiel had smiled politely in response to Charlie's comment, sitting down, but Dean had snapped his head to throw him a look of
And sometimes when Dean is having one of his bad days, Cas tends to notice his quietness, and he always calls at the end of the day, offering his company to Dean, no matter how busy he might be. Shoving his feelings down a whiskey bottle has always been his go-to, when everything starts to feel like it’s too much, but one time he accepts Cas’ offer, god knows why. Cas ends up cooking in his kitchen, forcing Dean to chop onions and other vegetables for a stew, and they have a nice meal, instead of Dean getting drunk by himself. Cas never asks about it directly, but his smile is little softer when he hugs Dean as a goodbye. For some reason he doesn’t want to let his new-found friend down, so he doesn’t listen to that little, toxic voice inside his head next time he passes a liquor store.
“Sorry Baby, I’ll fix you later,” he mutters aloud, patting the hood of the car, somewhat ashamed. He gets the bags out and waits for Sam, stuffing his chilled hands in his pockets. He’s missed being on the road like this with his brother. Their usual banter has managed to make his heart lighter somehow, and for a second he is ready to believe that maybe things could turn out okay. Dean kills that thought quickly before the dark thoughts can corrupt it. Finally, Sam emerges, dangling a set of keys from his hands and guides them to their room, unlocking the door.
"Castiel...has the tablet." He slurred out the words, tasting blood, painfully noticing how sluggish his entire face felt. Sam furrowed his eyebrows in confusion, ready to shoot more questions that filled in the blanks, but the bare devastation in Dean's features stopped him.
“Cas,” Dean whispers brokenly, and Cas freezes there, myriad of emotions in his pained expression, openly displayed. He’s hurting, same as Dean.
Gasping for breath, Dean takes couple of tentative steps backwards, risks a glance in both directions, noting that the corridor completely dark and empty. What the fuck did this angel do, fry the whole hospital to get to Dean? The whole thing feels like a beginning of a bad horror movie, and he has no other choice than to let this play out. There’s complete silence from inside the room, but Dean isn’t going to stick around waiting for the psycho angel to blast through the door. Letting his instincts take over, he starts hobbling in the direction where he thinks the exit might be. And he deliberately doesn’t take note of the complete lack of other people.
“So if I stop, will it take you off my case?” Dean pinches his nose in an attempt to ease the headache, regretting he answered his brother at all. He has a way of attacking problems straight on, which Dean has always admired, but to be on the receiving end of his “we’ll fix it together”-attitude sometimes feels like he’s being bulldozed by all the hard truths he doesn’t want to hear. Sure, he’s been drinking more than usual, but it’s a lot cheaper to drown himself in alcohol than to afford a shrink.
So, it might not be the wisest decision to meet up with Cas after work one day. Cas texts him, saying he’s going on a trip for two weeks and if Dean wants to hang out before he leaves, so of course he can’t say no. Dean suggests a tiny bar in his neighbourhood, because it feels like a safer choice than spending time one-on-one with Cas right now.
“Dean?” Cas calls out to him before he can get in, faint distress bleeding out of his voice. Dean stops, pang of regret clenching his heart momentarily. He watches Cas searching for proper words and failing at that.
“Dean! What the hell just happened?” Sam is right there in his face, frantic, cupping his head in his hands. Dean tries to wave him off, tell him that he’s okay, but his fingers are still twitching, and he feels like a huge rock was dropped on him. He manages a nod, and Sam eases up.
“I think you need some time to think about this”, he says in a tight voice. There’s a lump stuck in Dean’s throat, making it harder to breathe.
“Dad’s death. I should’ve gone to check up on him. He didn’t answer my calls and I- I should’ve gone to see if he’s okay, but I thought, hey, it’s dad, he never answers his phone anyway, and I’ll see him next week, but he had fuckin died in his chair and I was a fuck-up who let his own fuckin dad die, because I was too lazy to even go check he was okay. He could still
he confessed once, and Dean gets it that Cas is just looking for his place in this world again. They all are.
“Here, Sam.” Sam, the sharp-eared hunter catches the words, and the footsteps come hurriedly closer, then abruptly stop like he hit a brick wall. Dean stretches his neck to catch sight of him.
The man pushes him out of the door with one-handed death grip on his throat and into the railing with rattling force, teeth bared. The metal presses painfully on Dean’s back and there’s a sharp twinge under his ribs, which he has no time to worry about, because he’s fumbling for the angel blade on his belt, fingers slipping, all the while trying to hold the huge man at bay and from choking him. He manages to get a grip and pulls the blade out, striking out blindly. The blade connects with flesh, buries somewhere in the man’s chest he hopes, who roars out in rage and pain, but is still very much alive. But the arm on his throat loosens and Dean shakes loose, drawing breath hungrily, yanking the blade free,
“Like you’re any better,” he snaps without thinking. Sam frowns, puzzled. Shit. That was the thing they were not supposed to talk about.
He almost makes it. But not quite. Dean blindly walks to the kitchen, breaks every unpacked plate and glass he can find, smashes them against the walls, shards flying everywhere. And when he runs out of breakable kitchen supplies to destroy, he breaks apart the chairs. The kitchen looks a like warzone by the time he’s done. And still, he doesn’t feel any better. Dean sinks down on the floor, amidst the splinters and the broken shards, absentmindedly wiping the wetness on his cheeks. He just feels empty.
They get ready fast and pick up much needed coffee for Dean to wake him fully up. The plan is to drive Cas into town, where he’s meeting a friend and then later meet up, once Dean is ready with the car show. They chat easily on the way, and Cas hasn’t brought up last night at all, so Dean lets it rest. Scratch that, he would be too chicken-shit to even bring out the subject. There’s no way to sneak that into the conversation without it seeming something it wasn’t. “
Dean started to stir, coming up from below the surface, and he immediately began pushing Castiel off him without uttering a word. The gesture broke some little piece of Castiel that still held on to hope. Usually this was the space where Dean had allowed himself letting to be seen, even to be vulnerable, although that hadn’t been easy at first. Even accepting Castiel’s words of tender encouragement had been difficult, let alone admitting that how much he enjoyed it. But they had gotten there eventually, and Dean had proven he could be really into chick-flick-moments once he gave it a go, their limbs tangled, soft words whispered between the kisses. Now Dean didn’t spare a glance at him when he slid off the table, searching for his clothes and then discarding them when he saw the shape they were in. Stark naked, he headed towards his room, walking little uneven. Castiel got up too, feeling so empty all of a sudden now that he had been bled dry of every inflamed thought, every accusation and all that anger and primal lust. He picked up his clothes, slipping his trousers back on, not minding his sticky body, examining the ruined shirt Dean had ripped off. That wasn’t the only thing that needed fixing, he thought, eyes flicking back to the bodies.
“Okay. Okay. We need to figure out where we can hole up and what to do next,” Sam starts talking. Dean can feel the waves of anxiety roll off him and he gathers every ounce of willpower he still possesses to be of help to him.
“Dean, you can’t blame yourself for his death.” Cas speaks over his frantic confession, never raising his voice, just easing his way towards Dean, like he’s about to shatter any moment.
“Listen, Susan. That thing was something bad and dangerous. And-and it wants to kill me, and no one is safe if I stay here. So, you need to let me and my brother go, okay?” Dean tries to make this as simple and smooth as possible, but there’s no way to sugarcoat a bloodthirsty angel on a murder spree.
“Truce.” Dean steps forward, claps Sam’s broad shoulder, too wired to give him a real smile. Sam nods knowingly, lets his brother push past him to gather their meager possessions, and  work quietly to give him some time to gather his thoughts. It feels like their every conversation is laden with fights and tension, and Dean’s starting to get tired of it. But he has no way to make it better. Time heals all wounds and they’ve always been able to work it out, but their Winchester-repair ABC didn’t exactly cover the subject of turning into a psychopath and almost killing a brother. Sam’s able to verbalize his wrongs and seek forgiveness; Dean wishes he was just as strong.
“Truthfully, I think maybe it was the first time I saw you”, he says, because he has no other answer.
and he he tried to beat it out of Dean, to make him afraid to even look twice at other men. But it’s still there, and even though Dean’s terrified, he knows it’s there.
“Oh crap, yeah I remember that. Your food was AWFUL. Mac and cheese with melted chocolate or something like that? It’s a wonder I didn’t puke. Hope your cooking is better nowadays.”
“The last thing I want to do, is out you, but I feel like you’re keeping me under tight wraps, like you don’t want people to know about me. And I don’t want to be anyone’s dirty secret”, Cas says after some consideration, and Dean finally hears the story of the guy who broke Cas’ heart by being so deep in the closet he was practically spitting moth balls. He holds Cas through it, with apologies on his lips when he finishes, and tells Cas it’s mostly his father’s ghost that keeps haunting him, still holding him back. Cas understands, of course he does, and they don’t broach the subject again, but it stays with Dean.
“Wow, okay. I was kinda expecting our usual talks, like ‘yeah it’s all cool’ and ‘we’ve had worse than this’ and all that jazz, but seems like you’ve taken quite an issue with…all of this,” he tries to tiptoe around the subject, but Sam doesn’t take his bait to joke their way out of this.
He watches Cas, enraptured in the way he seems to glow, basking in the aftershocks. The angel finally opens his eyes, zeroing on Dean immediately, and a lazy smile lights up his sweaty face. Wordlessly, Dean reaches a hand out, and Cas crawls over him, sprawling partially on top of him. He’s like a furnace after working up a sweat, but Dean doesn’t mind. He doesn’t mind the stickiness, nor the fact that his ass is gonna be sore in the morning. Cas burrows his face into Dean’s neck, throwing his arm around his chest, pulling him even closer, and Dean can feel each exhale against his own body, the way his heart is still rapidly beating, echoing his own. He finds Cas’ fingers, playing with them absentmindedly. Cas smiles against his skin.
“Yeah, peachy.” Dean’s answer is clipped and weary. He’s getting tired of hearing that question. He slumps further down against the door, curling up on himself to stave the persistent cold away. His head is starting to feel a little bit clearer, and he’s able to think without the muddled cloud of exhaustion and concussion slowing him down.
Castiel was reminded of a bloodthirsty beast when Dean lunged at him again, almost growling, animalistic rage clouding his eyes, and now Castiel was ready for this kind of bullfight. They collided roughly, punching, kicking, grasping for whatever they could sink their nails into, fighting for footing, not giving in an inch. The primal need to hurt was far beneath them, but Castiel only wanted to see the other man give up and come back to his senses. And Dean just wanted to break him down. Castiel took a ruthless hit in the ribs without a complaint and aimed for Dean's nose, feeling the delicate bone give in a little under his knuckles. The hunter took a step back, dazed, blood dribbling down his lips and chin. Castiel used the brief window of opportunity to grab Dean and rammed him against a bookshelf, not caring about the valuable books that clattered down from the mistreated furniture, feeling grim joy at the sound of breathless grunt Dean made.
He woke up with a jolt sometime later. It was always disorienting to wake up in this room, and it took a moment when Dean groggily blinked away the bleary confusion. The morning gray had started to chase the shadows away, and there was a figure sitting in a chair on the other side of the room.
Dean still gets conscious of himself, when they’re in public spaces, subtly glancing around to see if anyone’s looking at them before he kisses Cas, and Cas
“Sam?” He croaks, needing the reassurance that he’s alone. That’s when his eyes catch miniscule movement in the corner of the room, and he knows instinctively he’s in trouble. Sam isn’t here. He makes out the figure of a thin woman creeping closer, and he holds his breath, instantly mapping out the escape routes, taking stock of his body, muscles tensing. His limbs feel sluggish and weak, and there’s the uncomfortable pull of stitches on his side. There’s no way Dean can fight. He needs to
Dean grabbed Castiel by his collar with the ferocity of an attacking wild beast, his bloody fist connecting with his jaw. The angel was momentarily just blinking away the sudden whiteness when Dean threw him against the doorway hard. Castiel crashed down on the floor, spitting out the blood that made his mouth taste like warm iron. So yes, the mark had made him a lot stronger. Castiel stumbled up, finding the other man already lunging at him, teeth bared in a snarl. The second punch hit his nose, the third his mouth. He could feel little rivulets of blood start to run down his lips and jaw, even though his face was numb from the blows. And all the while he was fighting himself,
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugs and doesn’t purposefully look at Cas, focusing on finding fresh clothes from the bag. “I woke up, and wanted to get this show on the road.” Cas stays quiet for a while, and Dean can feel his eyes on him, but he’s very determined at ignoring him. He can’t look at Cas now, he’ll fucking
it. He curls up on his side and hugs his pillow, trying to block the thoughts saying he just jerked off thinking about another man. His best friend. He’s gonna ruin it, because no good things will happen to him, when there’s something inside of him that’s so deeply faulty.
“Cas- I think I’m in love with you.” He forces out, ignoring the slight shaking in his fingers. He hears Cas inhale sharply. “I didn’t mean for it to happen, I’m sorry. I know I’m someone who’s a fucking mess, and someone who you shouldn’t be with, but I can’t help it-”
And he pushes his foot down harder on the gas pedal, as if that would work, when he’s already going as fast as he can.
“It wasn’t all bad”, Dean says, and the thing is, it’s easier to believe it than before. It feels liberating to talk about dad and their past, without the constant knot of shame tightening around his throat. Sam nods and smiles, more freely than before, ready to launch into the next shameful childhood memory.
“Take it easy, both of you,” he calls over his shoulder before exiting the kitchen and Dean lifts the bottle in salute. As soon as his footsteps fade into the hallway, the silence between Dean and Cas turns so bitter he can almost taste it. He takes another sip from his beer just to wash the taste away. He doesn’t know how to fix this. The helplessness makes him want to crawl into himself. Cas seems to be shrinking smaller with each passing moment too, torn between giving Dean miserable looks or opening his mouth.
I'm a sneaky bastard and I've hidden couple of Monty Python-references in this fic. Also I have no idea about the geography nor the public healthcare system in USA, so Google is my only friend with this. As always, feedback is welcome.
The first sound he hears when he emerges from unconsciousness, is the incessant beeping. He listens to it, the steady sound pulling him further away from comfortable nothingness with each irritating blip. After a while he becomes aware how his body feels like lead, limbs weighing him down. He’s lying on a soft bed and everything smells of disinfectant. He fights to open his eyes, but they won’t cooperate. Finally, he manages it, taking in the soft light and white, sterile walls. Dean blinks slowly. A hospital, he thinks dully. Why is he in a hospital? He contemplates asking this aloud, but his throat feels swollen and dry as a desert, and he licks his lips.
“Do you like those kind of stories? The ones with a happy ending?” He asks quietly, and Dean can only look at him. They’re standing close, side by side, and for a split second he thinks how beautiful the man looks in the half-lit room. And that’s the first time Dean realises he wants to kiss Castiel, if only for a fraction of a second, before he dismisses that idea as stupid and buries it deep inside of him, because it means nothing.
“He’s right here,” Sam is saying quietly. Two figures enter Dean’s field of vision and he tries his damnest to focus his blurry eyes, which widen in surprise at the sight before him, lips parting open when he tries to get his mouth working.
"You", he had emphasized, pointing at Castiel, "-can't borrow my shirts without asking. And you can all stop treating us like a married couple." He had gotten up, muttering about getting a beer, and Castiel had eyed his retreating back as he had stormed towards the kitchen, confusion written all over his face.
“He seems nice. Even taller than you described.” Cas is pressed right next to him, from hip to knee. Dean finds he doesn’t mind the closeness, it lends them some amount of privacy to talk to each other.
“Dean, I’m in this mess with you, good or bad, and I’m here by my own free will. I have your back. But I still think you should make up with Cas.” Dean opens his mouth to argue, but Sam raises his hand, shutting him up.
“Fuck,” he grits between clenched teeth, back arched tensely, because it hurts like hell trying to relax his body. He suddenly notices he’s gripping Cas' hand tightly, nails digging into the skin, and he manages to pry his fingers loose. Cas is squeezing his shoulder with his other hand, solid and steady, and Sam is hovering over his shoulder anxiously. Probably leapt across the room with one giant step, the overgrown mother hen he is. Little by little, Dean’s able to relax his battered muscles, shakily letting out the air from his lungs. Cold sweat clings to his skin.
Cas breaks the kiss to focus on Dean’s hardening cock, palming him through the jeans and he has to silence an obstinate moan that almost breaks free, burying his face against the other man’s neck. The angel knows exactly what he’s doing and Dean’s movements falter for a moment when Cas' long fingers trail the outline of his cock through the stiff fabric, before slipping in. The touch feels cold on his hot, pulsing erection, sending shivers up his body, and he has to stifle another moan, biting hard on his lower lip. Cas works him free quickly and guides their cocks together with his hand, urging Dean to move with breathy encouragements in his ear. Dean rolls his hips forward, fucking into Cas' tight fist, hot, dry skin dragging against skin. Their erections rub together, and Dean can’t remember the last time when it was so urgent to find release he couldn’t even bother taking his clothes off. Cas feels just as desperate as him, heat coming off him in waves, pulling Dean even closer with a frantic grip on his lower back. He knows how to exert just the right amount of pressure, running his hand up and down their lengths, pausing at the head of Dean’s cock to tease the slit, smearing precum all over, all the while whispering half-coherent stream of
“Dean, we need to talk about this.” Cas speaks quietly, talking to Dean like he’s some spooked animal. Dean whips his head to fix a heated glare in his direction.
okay?” He asks in a quiet voice. Dean leans into his hands and closes his eyes, tension bleeding out of him almost visibly.
Dean busies himself for several hours inspecting cars, bargaining for parts and couple of classic cars he knows Bobby’s set his eyes on, and making connections with the right people. He’s successful on most of those fronts, shaking hands and talking shop, feeling right in his element. Work and socializing keeps his mind busy for the most part, but it’s not once or even twice his mind wanders to Cas and the man he seemed to know pretty well, even though Dean’s never even heard about him. Cas sends him few messages here and there, letting him know that everything is going smoothly, and he might’ve bought an antique chair and perhaps they could fit that in the car. Dean rolls his eyes at that one.
“I think I know, who we’re dealing with.” Both the brothers look a little sharper at that revelation, opening their mouths to speak at the same time, with questions like
“I just… I mean, we talked about that in the hospital and I apologized, and you said that we’re brothers and that’s all great, but you didn’t actually say you’ve forgiven me. And yeah, I know, it’s a minor detail, but ever since I came back and was a real boy again, things have been kinda weird between us. As you kindly pointed out to me, that was probably mostly because I was a total asshole, but that’s why I’m asking you, are we good?” Dean has to stop to take a breath. He follows keenly, how Sam’s adam’s apple bobs up and down as he swallows nervously. Sam doesn’t answer right away, instead choosing to stare ahead, and the silence stretches on. When he finally opens his mouth, his tone is raw, like every wall he ever built around himself is coming down.
“But I’m the one responsible”, Dean argues back, voice thick, blinking back the sudden tears, fists clenching and unclenching helplessly at his side. Cas looks back at him with such compassion and sadness, blue eyes holding Dean captive, but it seems even Cas can’t find a reasonable counter-argument for his words. Instead, he reaches his arm towards Dean, maybe trying to pull him closer, he doesn’t know, but Dean withdraws slightly, out of his reach. He doesn’t need pity. Dean feels his defenses snap back faster than light, building walls a mile high.
“We’ll, uh, talk when we get back. Or see you, I mean,” he fills in the awkward silence clumsily, completing it with a weak smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. The flicker of hope in Cas' eyes is real, though. Dean feels like a jerk. Talk. Like that has ever fixed anything. He saves himself from further humiliation by plopping down on his seat, followed by Sam. He starts the car, the very familiar rumble of the engine singing soothing melodies to him. Cas backs up when Dean turns the car and heads for the exit, constantly throwing looks to the rear mirror to catch glimpses of the angel. Cas doesn’t move, instead just keenly following the car with his gaze, until Dean loses him behind some buildings.
.” Dean sweeps aside his breakfast, edging closer to Sam, and he almost feels sick with anger. Sam doesn’t flinch, instead he just searches Dean’s eyes and he feels ashamed of how much Sam can see there.
“Dean, uh-”, Cas starts, shooting a questioning look in his direction and he gives the man a thumbs-up to continue. “He came to donate some of your dad’s stuff at the shelter, and we got to talking. Turns out, Dean took it as a personal insult that I had never seen his favorite films, so he decided to educate me thoroughly on the subject.”
Cas finally clears his throat. “So, how are you?” His voice scratchy from tension. Dean stares him blankly, until Cas meets his eyes tentatively, shoulders rigid. The second their eyes are locked, the flickering lights and the quiet rattle of the air conditioning fades away in the distance. Dean licks his lips, trying to figure out what the hell he’s supposed to say to that.
He manages to focus on Cas’ erection, even if his mouth is very distracting, flicking his hand over the head of his cock and smearing the precum over the shaft to ease the chafing. Cas gasps in his mouth, and Dean speeds up his movement fractionally, catching every quiet moan the man spills with his lips, breathing very shallowly so he’ll not miss any of them. Cas’ hips start moving on their own, rutting against Dean’s hand, but he lets Dean keep exploring on his own pace. He finds out that Cas likes when he runs his fingers over his balls, and the spot underneath the head earns him a throaty moan. Their kisses become messier, until Cas is only able to shakily breathe against his lips, mouth open and pliant, and Dean steals light kisses while he jerks him off harder. He feels the tickle of the other man’s lashes on his cheek, when Cas’ eyes flutter open and closed, and he can’t do anything but lean their foreheads together and imagine what Cas looks like when he’s about to come. Suddenly Cas shudders, his whole body locking up and thrusting in Dean’s hand when he comes with a silent whimper, a sound that goes straight to Dean’s cock. Dean jerks him off slower, hand sticky and wet, until his cock softens and he pulls his hand out, careful not to smear the cum anywhere. Cas lets out a long exhale, relaxing back on the bed, still holding Dean’s face. He caresses his cheek with his thumb absentmindedly, trying to regain his breathing. Dean can do nothing but watch and listen to him, and the whole situation is slowly starting to sink in. He’s hard as a rock, but the doubts are crawling back into his thoughts, making it harder to stay in the moment. What the fuck did he just do? He had sex with Cas, he had sex with another man-
“Listen to me. It was an impossible situation, you know that, right? And you didn’t kill me. You fought the Mark and won. I will always give it my everything to save you, as I know you’ll do for me. You’re my
“You’re doing great, just a second…” Sam’s encouragement fades in the background slowly and Dean tries to blink away the enclosing darkness.
"Dean. You can still stop this." Castiel held up his hands, futile gesture to calm the raging whirlwind of a man before him. Dean cocked his head slightly, as if the language was foreign and he had to strain himself to understand the meaning of the words.
It feels like Dean just fell asleep, when he wakes up feeling too hot and closely pressed up between Cas and the wall. His arms are numb from the uncomfortable position they’ve been in, and Cas is tightly nestled against his back, arm resting on Dean’s side so that they’re almost cuddling. That’s the first thing Dean registers with his sleep-addled mind, but the second thing is much more urgent and it leaves his mouth dry. Cas’ erection, pressing up against his ass. What the fuck. He wiggles experimentally, trying to get his arms from underneath him, but it brings his ass flush against Cas’ cock, and he can feel it twitching slightly. He freezes, expecting himself to go to a full-on panic mode, but instead an intense wave of arousal rushes through his body. Dean’s heart beats so loud, he’s afraid that Cas will wake up. He tries to carefully adjust his position again, but
“Stop it, you horndog.” He tugs at Cas’ boxers, until he gets the message and slides them off himself, freeing his hardened cock. Dean wraps his fingers around Cas, pumping the length lazily, keeping their faces millimeters apart. Cas settles a hand on his bicep, digging his nails into the muscle without probably even realising it. His cheeks are flushed, pupils dilated, and the light paints vivid shadows on his face. Warm breath puffs against Dean’s lips. It’s a beautiful image; one that Dean can’t get enough of.
And that’s how he finds himself knocking on Cas’ door an hour later. His car is parked outside, so if he isn’t on one of his hour-long runs, he should be home. Dean’s not sure which outcome he would prefer, because he isn’t used to apologizing face-to-face. Fucking up usually has meant goodbyes as well. But Sam practically shoved him outside, so he didn’t really have a choice. His heart is hammering in his chest, palms sweaty, when he knocks on the door. He’s gonna wait for fifteen seconds, and then go, because he probably isn’t-
That realization hits Dean like a brick, that instant knowledge that if he doesn’t get this fucker now, he’s screwed. He looks into the other man’s eyes, startled to find out that they’re bleeding, along with his nose and ears, steady rivulets of blood running down his face. Dean abandons the thought with that, instead he lunges forward, aiming at the heart now, when he’s pushed back forcefully by some sort of blast of power. Dean manages to stay up, but before he has the time to find his footing again, a huge fist mows him down with the force of a hurricane, reverberating in his skull and stunning him, and he’s falling, falling down the stairs, powerless to stop it. His ankle does this sickening crunching noise when it twists under him, and the time before the rest of his body collides with the sharp edges of the stairs feels like forever. Dean crashes hard on the bottom of the stairs on his stomach with a sharp cry, all air just punched right out of him. He tries to inhale shakily, all attempts just pathetic wheezes, and his body refuses to obey him, every muscle and bone screaming in agony. He’s fucked, and he knows it. If he still had the First Blade, the situation would be reversed, the treacherous thought passes through his addled mind, he wouldn’t be sprawled on the fucking ground and dying.
Dean’s vision momentarily swims out of focus, but he refuses to slow down, feeling his wounds more painfully with every passing second as the pain meds start to fade from his bloodstream. There’s a warm, damp patch of fresh blood on his hospital gown that makes the fabric stick to his skin, and every thump of the cast against the cold floor jars his broken ankle, but he has no time to think about that. His rapid heartbeat and sharp exhalations roar in his ears, drowning out the terrifying silence.
Dean’s words ring hollow in his ears. Isn’t he the one who betrayed Dean by chasing down the cure for the mark? Isn’t he the one who’s responsible for Charlie’s death? All the good intentions seem to turn sour in his hands. Dean’s the opposite. He pulls through every time, saving the day. It’s what Castiel admires in him, his ability to focus and put others first. It appeals to the celestial being in him, the selfless dedication to better the world. But this time, it hasn’t worked out in his favor. Dean’s always been able to shake off his personal feelings when there’s a world to be saved, and dealing with cursed, dying Cas didn’t exactly offer them fertile ground for healing. So, it all ended up being bottled until they actually sat down and realized they had no idea what to do with each other. It broke Castiel that Dean couldn’t even look at him when they finally had the chance to find their footing again. The distance between them felt cold and vast, an endless ravine. So yes, Castiel has done enough and there’s only one way he knows how to fix it.
“Just to be clear here, Yoda here feels some disturbances in the force that may or may not coincide with some clearly hexed murders and you’re ready to jump the gun already?” Dean opens his mouth for the first time, ignoring Castiel completely, drilling holes into Sam with his fiery glare. Sam sighs heavily, looking like he was expecting this.
“Jesus, Dean, I know he drank himself to death. And I hardly talked to him during this couple of years. Do you know how that feels? I’m just honestly asking you, how he was, and did he ever…” Sam’s voice shatters, before he can reach the end of the sentence, and he can’t look at Dean anymore, covering his mouth with his hand.
“Okay, can we start this over? Cas, I’m glad I know now and I got your back, no matter what.” He smiles in a way he hopes to be reassuring, even though this new revelation has put him off balance for some reason. Cas smiles back, finally, but there’s something wary in his eyes like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“Are you hurt? How badly? Give me the address. I’ll come right now.” The increasing panic in Sam’s voice makes his speech harder to follow, and Dean stops to process the fast-stringed words.
under his breath, and he knows he needn’t have worried. He’s the only one who can witness Cas like this, becoming unhinged, certain beautiful sounds reserved just for him. That thought alone could be enough to drive him wild. Cas gets to work immediately, distracting him with lingering kisses, while his hand slides over Dean’s collarbone, brushing over his chest and nipple, following the curve of his ribs to his stomach, and the warmth of his palm leaves his skin burning and tingling. His fingers brush over the waistband of Dean’s boxers, and he hooks his fingers underneath it, dragging them lower. Dean helps by lifting his hips and they manage to get them off in a more or less coordinated manner. Dean’s hard already, and Cas grips him without any preamble, wrapping his fingers around the hardened flesh, making him gasp and buck up into his hand. Itching for something to do with his hands, Dean fumbles to wrap his hand around Cas’ wrist, but he pushes Dean off, placing a soothing kiss on the bolt of his jaw.
“Likewise, Cas, likewise. Dean’s spoken highly of you.” They have to raise their voices a little to be heard over the noise, and Sam’s enjoying this part way too much, talking like he wants the rest of the bar to hear their introductions. Cas gives Dean a subtle side-eye at the praise.
“Thank you. I know there are a lot of things you choose not to talk about, but I want you to know that I’m here for you. You can trust me and you can talk to me.” Cas speaks quietly next to his ear, and suddenly Dean needs to blink the unwanted tears away.  “And for what’s it worth, I really am sorry about your dad.”
for something like that so, um, I got frustrated. I know it was huge step for you, and I crossed a line there, shutting you down the way I did. I hope you can forgive me, because I can’t forgive myself over this.” Dean’s face must be frozen in a look of surprise and confusion, because no, he did not expect this. He expected blame and a big, ugly fight over this, and he expected to see Cas go. The breath he was holding escapes from his lips.
That’s when there’s a loud clatter behind him, and he can’t help but to turn around and look, seeing the now mangled chair on the floor and the doors, wide open, waiting for the angel to make his grand entrance. Dean doesn’t want to wait for that, he swerves left, following a narrower corridor further away, littered with hospital beds and medical equipment. There aren’t enough words to describe how much Dean hates this feeling of helplessness, and he would give his liver to have his Colt or the angel blade in his hand again.
“I can do it myself,” Dean protests weakly, sinking back against the door. Sam shoots him an incredulous look, before putting the finishing touches on the warding symbol.
“Look guys, I’m pretty beat, I think I’m gonna hit the hay.” His brother begins to rise, looking for a way out, gathering his half empty bottle and phone and giving Cas a good-hearted pat on the shoulder. Cas smiles weakly in return.
“Stop messing around", he growled impatiently, and Castiel had to suppress the sudden need to smile. This part at least felt familiar, Dean getting frustrated with him. He retreated his fingers and positioned himself, gripping Dean's hips when he pushed his cock past his entrance and into the warm tightness. Castiel let his eyes close, savor this sweet feeling for a moment, but the man underneath him wasn’t interested in letting him adjust. Dean wrapped his legs around him, pushing him even deeper, both of them trying to find their breathing in unison. Castiel thrust into him experimentally, and Dean started to fumble for something to hold on to. He grabbed Castiel’s arms, wound up higher, ending up behind his neck and pulling him forward, teeth ready to latch on to his throat. To tear out his jugular, or simply plant rough kisses there, Castiel didn’t know and frankly didn’t care. Another thrust, and his neck was hot with Dean's shaky breaths, when the man buried his head into his shoulder. He rested his head against Dean's temple, feeling his short hair tickle his cheek, sensing every part of their bodies connect, sweaty, bruised skin against skin, Dean's cock poking his stomach, him deep inside the other man.
“Look. This is like the worst possible timing and place for this, but I owe you an apology. Sam made me realize what a major asshole I’ve been. What happened with the Mark, what I did to you and Sam, it should’ve never happened. But it did, and I felt so incredibly shitty about myself, and I…retreated behind my walls, lashed out every time you wanted to help, because I thought I was not good enough anymore. I-I thought that I didn’t deserve you anymore, and it was easier to push you away than let you in, because I didn’t want anyone else…be tainted the way I am.” He has to stop, to inhale deeply, feeling breathless and jittery. It was hard talking about this with Sam, it gets so much harder now, because he’s got so much to lose. He squeezes his sweaty palms, thumb moving in slow circles along his own fingers in an unconscious habit of calming himself down. Cas stays quiet, eyes widened, dark with sadness.
“You’re right, Dean. I lied to you and I’m sorry. I should’ve told you about Cas, but I was afraid how you’d react. But it wasn’t my place to make decisions for you.” Sam hesitantly lifts his gaze, searching eyes for forgiveness. Dean feels the hard edges of his fury start to soften and melt away.
The man gets up and follows Dean outside. The weather is gray, the kind of chill in the air that tells they might get the first snow any day now. Dean leads him to his car, and the man stops abruptly to appreciatively sweep his eyes over the sleek form of the Impala.
Dean yanks his hands off Cas' jacket like it’s on fire, diving straight for his belt, almost ripping the buckle off in his haste. Cas' hands end up gripping his neck, winding in his hair, pulling him closer for an open-mouthed, sloppy kiss. Fuck, Cas tastes like bitter coffee and it’s so intoxicating Dean wants to lick the taste off his lips, his mouth. He tries to fumble the zipper open between the hungry kisses, grinding himself against Cas, feeling them both start to harden against each other. The drawer wobbles beneath them, uneven legs knocking on the floor, and Cas sighs in his mouth when finally, Dean manages to free his cock from the uncooperative clothes. He runs his thumb along the hardened flesh, relishing the small sounds Cas makes, before he starts jerking Cas in quick, hurried movements, without any further plan than to see the angel come apart in his hands, trying to get some friction on his neglected erection at the same time. His body pulses with need, a rapid heartbeat thundering in his ears, drowning out the shaky panting, lips moving on flushed skin.
"Come on, just fucking hit me!" Dean's voice rose, until he was screaming at Castiel, eyes harsh with anger.
“Hey, Cas,” he whispers, weakly gesturing with a nod for him to step closer, and some of the tension bleeds away from the angel’s posture. Sam glances between them with a scrutinizing expression, wordlessly getting up, making room for Cas, who takes up the space hesitantly. Dean sees his brother retreating further back in the room in his peripheral vision, allowing them some space.
“Have you always been this annoying?” Dean interrupts him somewhat moodily, but not angry yet, and not one bit surprised. Sam ignores him, plows on.
Cas brings up his other hand, the other one still tethered in Dean’s tight grip, places his long fingers on his cheek, almost shyly. At once, Dean feels the familiar warm tingle spreading through his limbs, and all of his aches just dissolve; he breathes easier, without the constant headache. He sighs, melting back into the cushions. Dean had almost forgotten what it felt like to be without pain. Cas hasn’t moved his hand, and Dean glances at him, seeing his face tightly burrowed in concentration.
“Uh, money laundering and apparently hiring paperless sex workers beyond the border. I’m not sure about the details either.” Cas looks somewhat uneasy, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
Dean wants to answer, he wants to get up himself and dust the imaginary dirt off his jacket like nothing happened, not to lay on the ground like a fucking Resusci Anne Mannequin.
Dean blushes slightly, avoiding Cas’ eyes. “Uh, it’s okay, it’s just-”, he makes a vague gesture with his hand, not really sure how to explain it without sounding stupid, but Cas seems to get it, kissing his jaw apologetically.
"Dean. I betrayed your trust. I hurt your feelings. I need to make it right." Castiel looked pained, like he could hardly believe anymore that he could still make amends.
“Lead the way.” Dean pushes himself from the windowsill, still evading his gaze, a discontent frown darkening his features. Castiel glances back to Sam to wish him goodnight, but the hunter gives him a nervous, barely noticeable thumbs-up, and the corners of Castiel’s lips turn into a reluctant smile, despite everything. If only that would be all that was required to fix things.
Dean enters the shabby-looking lobby, looking just as lost as he’s feeling, two fully stuffed boxes precariously balanced in his arms. There’s a dark-haired man sitting behind a worn-down desk, eyeing him curiously, pencil in his other hand and a calculator in the other.
"And how much blood is on your hands?" Castiel waved his hand toward the bodies on the floor who looked like they were laying very still to catch every word of their argument, spilling brain matter from their bullet entry points, judging silently. Dean inhaled sharply, and Castiel was certain that the man would try to rip him to pieces. He, however, wasn't certain which one was it who leaned closer and pressed their mouths together hungrily. Suddenly they were kissing, violently, without any regard to their bruises, blood smearing their lips, demanding hands sinking into each other's scalp and hair.
“Man, I wish things would’ve been different as well,” Sam admits, a clear peace offering. They stay silent for a while, until his brother suddenly scoffs, amused.
“Looks like we got them all.” There isn’t any emotion in Sam’s statement, he just looks weary and done. Castiel can understand that, he’s barely got enough strength to hold himself up and keep the connection to Raguel at the same time. Dean looks like he isn’t faring any better, the shallow, measured breaths revealing that he took quite more hits than he’s letting on. Still, he flashes him a thin smile, leaning closer that their foreheads almost touch, and Castiel leans in, closes the distance.
They head out, dressed in their FBI suits. The morning smells like damp rain and dead leaves, and Dean barely avoids a large puddle right in front of their door. Out of habit, the first thing he looks for is Baby, safely parked further in the lot. He almost halts when he spots Cas, awkwardly leaning against the wet car, looking like he’s been waiting there for a while. When the angel notices the brothers heading his way, he immediately perks up, looking nervous. Dean lets Sam take point, trudging closer slowly behind him. He feels just as conflicted as before. Now that Cas is standing right in front of them again and Dean can think more clearly without the pent-up sexual frustration clouding his judgement, every ounce of certainty leaves him, and he wants nothing but to head for the hills. Sam shoots him in incredulous look, but lets it pass.
and suddenly the room is engulfed in dim, yellowish light provided by the bedside lamp. Dean blinks owlishly, eyes watering and stinging, and when his vision clears, he makes the outline of the angel, shirtless, body twisted towards him invitingly. Dean shifts to get closer to him, freeing his hand from under the covers to touch Cas’ back, fingers tracing the knobs of his spine and the adjacent erector spinae muscle. He doesn’t know why he still expects there to be some sort of weird energy, buzz of electricity or a strange hum when he touches where he imagines Cas has folded his wings, but there’s just the solid feeling of warm skin and strong muscles beneath his fingers. The dull light paints vivid shadows on Cas’ face, and his hair is a windswept mess. He’s more human than angel nowadays, but there’s still something very ancient about him. He’s like a sculpture, weathered by time, but still beautiful. Eternal.
“Sorry”, he mumbles, searching the angel’s eyes for hints of anger. They look dark, almost black in the mellow lighting, but ever so gentle, like he always does with Dean.
The fourth thing Castiel had learned in time that Dean enjoyed rough sex. Bruises had often marked their exploits, fingertip-shaped marks on their thighs, bite marks on their jawlines, scraping nails trailing paths along their back muscles. Castiel had viewed it as a quirk in the beginning, but he had learned to enjoy the little sounds and expressions Dean made at the height of his pleasure, hazel eyes too far gone. The struggle had made it also easier for Dean to relinquish control, surrender to Castiel, relax trustingly under his touch. It had been a slow build to this point, with Dean struggling at first with his sexuality and Castiel's insufficient knowledge that sometimes frustrated the both of them. Dean had to teach him everything about giving and receiving pleasure, starting with how to jerk someone off. Dean had been a willing subject for that, letting Castiel explore with his hands aimlessly, even making the effort of not getting impatient when his cock was throbbing under Castiel's slow movements.
It takes couple of hours for them to reach their destination. Dean’s behind the wheel, and Sam has given his usual spot to Castiel, who leans heavily against the door, fading in and out of focus, waking up once in a while to give instructions on where to go. He almost burned himself out in that fight, and the gnawing fear still eats at Dean, the thought of losing Cas. Again, it was little too close for comfort, for all of them. His own ribs ache, and the ringing in his ears hasn’t ceased, building up a dull headache behind his eyes. Cas' power-up almost shattered their eardrums. He wants nothing more than to sleep for a thousand years, but they have to take care of this now, before Raguel has a chance to strike back again.
“Not by a long shot. That’s why I said I think about it”, he replies, offering Dean an actual, terribly unsubtle wink that scrunches up half of his face, and somehow it manages to look very dorky and adorable at the same time and Dean can’t help but laugh warmly at his friend.
“Dean, yes, of- of course I want that,” Cas responds immediately, and he sort of steps forward hesitantly, so Dean gets up in a wordless affirmation that
“You’re the expert”, Dean chuckles, feeling sort of simple for not knowing. “I bought it from a friend of mine, so no fancy story there. Really heavy to carry though”, Castiel nods, accepting the answer easily, blue eyes tracing the seamless surface keenly. Dean follows his expressions, fixated on the sharp gaze Castiel is appraising the table with.
It’s almost night time when they reach Denver. They strike out at the first two motels; no available rooms. Probably all the truckers coming to the car show have filled out the motels. Dean is starting to feel tired and cranky, and Cas is trying to navigate them, poorly, to some motel he found online.
“They don’t have wings, so it’s impossible to travel those distances so quickly. Some of the murders have been happening in a very short span of time,” Castiel shrugs. Sam nods in agreement. Castiel feels grateful for his silent support. In everything, especially in the way he has supported Dean’s and Castiel’s rocky relationship right from the beginning. He’s probably the reason they managed to wade through some difficult times and still stay together.
“Help me sit,” Dean orders weakly instead, nodding towards the wall next to him. He hates it that he has to ask that, he hates it that he can’t do it himself. Sam complies without a word, manhandling him gently towards the wall and helping him settle, whispering encouragements that Dean can’t make sense of. Every little movement and jolt travels down his side, sending electric shocks of pain into his ankle. He tries to take some of his weight as Sam helps him to lean down, swallows down a sharp cry that almost escapes his throat when the wound feels like it’s getting ripped open from the inside in the process. He feels Sam’s hands on his shoulders, heavy, holding him up. His head hurts.
“What happened?” Sam kneels next to him, searching for visible wounds on his body, eyes fixing on Dean’s hand that still is pressing against his ribs.
“Dean? You were awake? I’m so sorry-” he starts, voice rough from sleep, sounding mortified, but Dean shuts him up.
"I would never leave you. And I will never leave you again." Castiel spoke so surely Dean envied his conviction. Angels had no reasons to cover their truths with masked lies, with them uncertainty played no part. They had never really talked about this, how far where they willing to go for each other, not even in mention, so Dean was quite shook by his words. He could've imagined Sam saying those words to him, but not anyone else.
“No?” Dean says, confused, but he gets up and wipes the grease and the dirt off his hands absentmindedly on a stained rug, before he glances out of the large garage window, spotting Cas in his ever-present trench coat, hands in his pocket, watching something that’s out of Dean’s sight. Garth and Benny doesn’t pay any attention to them, chattering excitedly close-by about their weekend plans. Dean has no idea why Cas is here, but a wide grin spreads to his face all the same, just happy to see him.
“Dean, I- I get that you’re going through a rough time, I really do. And from what I’ve gathered, you seem to be the type of person, who has a hard time accepting help. You want to push people away, because it’s easier to deal with hardship alone, rather than to risk it and trust people. Am I close?”
“Sam. Dean. Get to cover. Now.” Castiel speaks urgently, getting up, readying himself. The brothers don’t argue with him, dashing behind the makeshift barricades, guns trained to the doorway.
“So, you were very sparse over the phone about this case,” Sam breaks the uncomfortable silence, pointedly ignoring the glare Dean sends in his direction. Castiel tries to focus on him and collect his thoughts, but he can’t help but keep intermittently glancing at the sulking hunter. This is worse than he even imagined it would be. He wonders if he could still just get up and leave. He made this mess. He hurt Dean and he should have no right to come back and make it worse. The guilt cuts Castiel’s insides like a blade. He fucked things up, again. Over and over again. The only reason he was willing to try this, was Sam, and his insistence that Cas needs to fix this. He owes it to Dean at least to try to close some seeping wounds.
“Um, maybe-”, Dean starts, not really sure where he was going with this, but Cas plows on, not giving him a chance to defend himself.
The smell hits them first when they enter the house. Dried out blood and burnt skin. All three ready their angel blades, stepping forward carefully, deeper into the house. There’s no furniture, no rugs on the floor. Just a husk of a house, a depressing place that looks like nobody has called it a home in a long time. They scout the rooms methodologically, silently signaling that the kitchen and the living room are empty. The smell gets worse when they get nearer the bedroom. The door is closed and they exchange knowing glances. Dean takes point, pushing the door open slowly.
and he succeeds in turning to his other side, ignoring the cries of his abused body with a breathless grunt, his desperate goal to get up right this fucking second and kick this fucker’s ass, but before he can get his limbs working, rough hands turn Dean back on his back. The man stands before him, face bloodied and impassive with his ice blue eyes, and he could finish Dean with one move, but his movements are oddly jerky, like his body is barely hanging on.
I was for you!" His voice cracked, their brutal showdown forgotten momentarily. Storm passed through Dean's face, and he clenched his jaw in a way that told Castiel that whatever he said would only make it worse. Emotions had always amazed him, how much more complex they were than he had ever imagined. When he was still learning about humanity, the whole spectrum had been a wonder to marvel, and to learn in firsthand how layered they were made Castiel appreciate humans even more. About Dean he had learned that his anger stemmed from many basic emotions, fear, frustration, loss, and underneath all that was always his need to protect his brother. And now for Castiel, his anger came from a fear of losing Dean. But he hated the gut-wrenching feeling.
“So, he’s basically making…horcruxes?” Sam looks like he’s having trouble swallowing Cas' words, and the angel furrows his brow at the strange reference. Dean accepts the theory easier, thoughts already focusing on how they can kill this fucker.
The waiter comes to take their order, Dean pointing at a picture with barbequed ribs, and Cas picks out few dishes Dean’s never even heard of. Cas fills their glasses with water, while they wait for food. There’s a decent crowd inside, loud chatter and oriental music drowning out all other sounds. Dean tries to spy if the food people are eating looks edible, scanning the nearby tables unnoticeably.
The words still ring in Dean’s ears every time he looks at his younger brother. Dean beating the shit out of Cas. That was the last time they’ve actually spoke. The Mark… No,
“Um, nothing’s come up, no. She’s smarter than that to end up in our radar. It might be awhile until we can get the jump on her.” Sam fixes few strands of unruly hair behind his ears, doing his best impression of not hearing anything he wasn’t supposed to hear. Dean gives him a pointed look but lets it go. Sam looks uncomfortable, and Dean can’t blame him. Caught in this shitstorm on top of everything else is not what Sam needs and deserves.
“You’re really into wood, huh?” He wonders out loud, searching for his thoughts for some topics of smalltalk, but Castiel just looks at him, wide-eyed and sort of taken back and he realises what he has blurted out. Dean turns red, mouth working overtime to come up with an any excuse to cover up his blunder. He’s fuckin
and he’s pretty sure Cas blurted that out accidentally. He watches the other man desperately fishing for something to say, something to fix this mess with, but he falls short, a tinge of red flushing his cheeks with embarrassment. This is going downhill, fast.
He asks when they talk about good movies, and Dean feels a unexpected surge of excitement in his chest.
“Dean, what-” Cas tries to ask, but another stroke renders him speechless. He goes rigid, breathing through his nose and trying to stay silent, but each inhale is labored, as Dean touches him through the fabric.
A quiet laugh escapes his mouth, warm puffs of air, where he speaks against Cas' hair, he can’t help it; this bubbling joy rising up, up, exhilaration where there was sadness moments ago. Dean traces the ridges of Cas' scapula where it’s palpable underneath his jacket, just relieved to feel him solid and steady against him, hand ghosting up into the fine hairs of his neck. He can feel the smile on the angel’s face, when he mildly answers Dean.
The dirty windows near the ceiling offer only dim, greyish light, illuminating several shapes of cars scattered in the space, underneath the brown covers, forgotten. Thick, tiled pillars divide the hall into smaller sections, each equipped with workbenches in various stages of disarray. There’s a flight of stairs leading to a windowless office in the back, its’ door opened invitingly. Dean lifts the cover from the car closest to him in vague interest, recognizing an older model of Mercedes-Benz, probably from the eighties. Unimpressed, he lets the cover fall back to its place, continues to map out the place, constantly wary. It feels like the whole warehouse is watching him expectantly. He spots the car poor old Richie must’ve been working on, a sleek-looking black Ford Mustang, its’ hood open and insides exposed to anyone with an eye for these things. Dean doesn’t let himself become distracted, and rummages roughly through the workspace, searches for loose tiles or any other hiding places, but finds nothing incriminating. Figures. He sighs in frustration, full well knowing that this is probably a huge waste of his time, but thanks to his stubbornness, he’s gotta see this through now. Blue eyes flash in Dean’s mind, filled with sadness, not for the first time this morning.
“To be frank Dean, I also don’t have your appreciation for beer. This is not the type of establishment I usually go to in my free time.” Cas tracks Dean’s movement, when he takes a long swig from his pint, and Dean raises his eyebrows at him, mock-pity written on his expression.
He opens his eyes quickly, only to find their impromptu combat arena transformed into a slaughterhouse. There’s virtually nothing left of the man, large splashes of blood and bits of skin, muscles and innards splattered everywhere. The stench of massacre is so strong Dean feels ill, and his clothes are soaked through with red. Somehow, he survived this. The feeling of relief cuts through the haze and he looks around, seeing the angel blade laying few feet from him. That makes him smile weakly, reaching for the blade but not quite managing it.
“Um, do you have moment? I’d like to… talk to you about something,” he stutters. Dean regards him without saying anything, making Castiel feel like an unwanted stray dog in his rumpled clothing. Finally, Dean sighs loudly, making a defeated gesture with his hands, and Castiel’s not sure whether he should feel elated or plain terrified he’s willing to hear him out.
Dean’s almost at the end of the corridor, regarding every closed door he passes with heightened alarm, but no one jumps at him from the shadows.
The service goes by quickly. Dean refused to make a speech beforehand, so Sam gets up and says a few words, voice breaking couple of times. He speaks out loud the usual platitudes; a husband, a father, a friend, who will be sorely missed. It’s hard to concentrate on the words, because the pain in Dean’s chest just gets worse and worse, if he tries to listen. There’s not one honest word in that speech, because their relationship with their dad was much more complicated than that. Dean moves on autopilot for the rest of the service, thoughts blurry, when they hoist the coffin and carry it outside. Crispy autumn air greets them, sun peeking out behind the yellowing leaves. Dean half-expected it to rain, like in the movies, and the beautiful October morning seems like a personal insult to the somber gathering.
makes it thousand times worse. He doesn’t want to think about it. If he does, he’d have to remember this isn’t exactly the first time he’s had a wet dream about someone, who has a stubbled jaw and a hard cock pressing up to his own- he can’t think about it. Panic washes over Dean. The cold water hurts his skin, but he doesn’t want to get out, even though he’s shaking like a leaf. He just stands there, frozen, unable to breathe. He has been spending way too much with Cas. Yes, that must be it. Sharing a bed, dinner, roadtripping together- his brains just got their wires crossed. He exhales shakily.
your type?” Cas’ attention snaps back to him, and he looks incredulous. He turns fully to face Dean, an expression on his face that says he wants to say something really badly, but doesn’t know if it’s wise. He opens his mouth to speak, but instead he just licks his lips nervously. Dean focuses on that tiny motion. His head starts spinning again, and apparently he has over-estimated his balance, because Cas’ hand shoots out to steady him all of a sudden, burning a brand on his arm.
he wants to say. A stupid, insignificant inside-joke between them that has stuck throughout the years, right from the beginning when Cas seemed confused about the concept of sleeping together. And he hates that he can’t say it, a reminder that Cas feels like home to him. And now the bond between them is frayed, yet Dean’s not sure he can fix it. He’s not sure if the whispered “goodnight” passes his lips when he shoulders past Cas, but he hears the other man speak in a thin voice behind him.
“Thanks, Bobby”, Dean mutters, thankful and embarrassed, pulling on his jacket over his work clothes to protect him against the chilly weather. Just as he’s opening the door, Bobby stops him.
But at the same time, Cas is freely being who he is, and he’s not terrified, he’s not ashamed, and it makes Dean wonder, because he was never given the liberty to express himself. Something about Cas makes something stir deep inside of him; a flicker of hope. Would it be possible to live being himself, freely? And in those wakeful, restless hours he allows himself this one treacherous thought. What if Cas was feeling the same way he was?
“You got us a case?” Dean asks, voice rough, looking over the news pages and maps Sam’s got open in his tabs. Sam gives him a calculating look, like he’s trying to assess how much he should tell Dean. Dean raises his eyebrows expectantly.
“Why don’t I go book us a room?” Cas suggests, sounding like he’s not ready to argue about this, already opening the door and sliding out of the car.
“How are things here? Anything happened while I was away?” Cas asks, fishing for Dean’s hand, intertwining their fingers easily. His hand is warm and dry, compared to the coldness of Dean’s skin. Cas’ thumb traces patterns on the back of his hand. Dean shrugs.
“Cas, fuck, I’m about to- so close, fuck”, he manages to breathe out, not sure if he sounds coherent or not, he doesn’t care, he needs to come like right this fucking second, to feel the waves of pleasure crashing against his body. His hand flies on his slickened cock, and Cas presses his fingers against his prostate, rubbing it methodically, and that does it. Dean’s body tenses up, back arching up, and he slips over the edge with a hoarse shout, spilling all over his fingers and stomach. Cas keeps stimulating him until he’s milked himself dry, clenching around Cas’ fingers, oversensitive and shuddering with each tiny touch. Only then he slips his fingers out of Dean, and he sinks down, feeling boneless and spent. He allows himself to float in the post-orgasmic haze for a while, listening to his own heartbeat slow down gradually, and he’s only vaguely aware of Cas wiping away the mess on his stomach and fingers with a small towel they’ve learned to keep always at hand.
“Were you able to track him down, Cas?” Sam asks nursing his side, before Castiel can argue otherwise. Castiel searches his mind, finds the faint presence of something elusive inside of him. He follows the pull, anchoring himself more securely into it, tethering it down.
“Good, good, you know. Cleaning out my dad’s house is kinda proving out to be bigger task than I thought.” Yeah. Especially looking at the mess he just made. “How are you? Any even as half as charming customers walking in at the shelter?” Dean tries for a joke, half-mortified with his flirtatious tone the second the words come out of his mouth.
“Shit, no, Cas, I’m sorry, I don’t mean that in a bad way, we never really just discussed it so I was just surprised, but I mean it’s totally cool-” Cas holds up his hand, shutting Dean up effectively.
During the day he can find all the excuses in the world to avoid dealing with the panicked doubts about himself. He’s building up metal walls into his own mind, isolating every treacherous thought the second they’re born. He’s walled up and stuck, feeling like he’s treading forward in a sandpit, slowly sinking deeper and deeper.
“Got mauled by a mutant freak. He stabbed me, broke my ankle.” Dean forces his voice to steady. Sam needs to see him holding on. He already feels so powerless just lying down on the floor, with barely enough strength to move his arms. Standing up is going to be a bitch.
"Dean." A deep voice called out to him quietly. Dean let out a light sigh. He had no energy left for this battle. Still he turned around slowly, opening his healthy eye to face Castiel. The angel looked disheveled, his black hair messy, clothes crumpled and dark rings around his deep blue eyes. Castiel straightened in the uncomfortable chair when their gazes met, face portraying spectrum of emotions at once. Relief, horror at his handiwork, anxiety, exhaustion, and above all regret.
“On three. One...two...three.” Getting up seemed like a simple idea, but now that Sam’s lifting him slowly, it sort of feels like getting stabbed again. Dean tries to help by pushing himself forward with trembling arms, swearing under his breath in a steady stream, but his strength gives out halfway there and he just sags against his brother, panting harshly. Sam grips him tightly against his chest, and Dean lets his head loll on his shoulder, battling nausea and raw pain hammering every nerve of his body.
Finally they find the house they’ve been looking for. Dean parks the car, kills the ignition, checking out the place. It’s a remote, one-storied house, no neighbours in sight. The windows are bare, devoid of any light or life. Sam wakes up when Dean exits the car, and even Cas struggles his way out of the car, not listening to Dean’s protests. They gear up, barely saying a word. A numb kind of determination fuels them. They just need to see this through and then let it fade from memory.
“Uh, sure. Guess you have some catching up to do.” With that, he leaves the car, leaving Castiel and Dean alone.
“Me too.” Cas answers with his lips, pressing a gentle kiss on his mouth, before he settles back, breathing into Dean’s neck.
Dean settles on leaning on an unsteady, worn-down drawer, arms crossed defensively over his torso. He keeps his eyes averted from Castiel, who kind of just wanders about, like he can’t decide where to stand, and instead he shuffles his feet restlessly in the middle of the room. It’s more difficult being alone with Cas than Dean thought. His instincts are attuned to the small, familiar sounds the angel produces, the quiet huffs he makes, the light footsteps. And there’s always that
