“It's not just me here, Dean. What about the camp? The war? The devil? What happened to finding another way?”
“Optimistic?” Dean smiles ruefully, shaking his head. “Hate to break it to ya, but that was all you, angel. Without you, I got none of that left. Nothing salvageable, at least.”
“No, not like that, I just mean–you’ve lived this life that… I can barely comprehend, you know. You saw the
There are 5 of them, and they walk past Castiel so slowly that it's painful. They seem more coherent than most, watchful, calculating, and this kind of croat is far worse than the rabid kind, Castiel thinks, dread settling heavy in his gut. The pure spiteful vigor they seem to get from the havoc they wreak makes them that much harder to fight or escape from, fervently pursuing a destructive mission that they no longer have the capacity to understand. Castiel concentrates on the weight of the rifle still strapped to his back, readying himself. 4 rounds left–maybe 5. God, it had better be five.
Dean forces his expression to quickly turn icy. Detached. It's a mask he puts on for everyone else, but not for Cas if he can help it. Not unless, in times like this, he has no choice.
Dean glares at him unsympathetically. “So, what? You give them a few tips and suddenly you’re in the inner circle? Why’d they give you the colt anyways? That seems stupid, even for demons.”
For a brief moment, Dean stands still, because Lee is standing in a broken-down looking boat in the middle of the lake and he’s holding a gun in his hand, pointing it at Benny and the others who are yelling at him from the lakeside and fuck. Please let that be just a gun. Please let it be just any other gun.
It’s far easier to sneak out of town in the low light of the evening. Castiel had once preferred the sustained sunlight of summertime, but he’s beginning to see the merit of the shorter days of the year, especially now. The cover of darkness is a blessing. He ducks back into the forest by the side of the highway, the cover of the trees a relief from the ever-present threat of lurking enemies back in town. He hadn’t managed to find much in the way of supplies, but he knows that had been wishful thinking anyways. It was a small town in the middle of nowhere, and at this point, even in big cities, most everything useful has already been taken, or if it’s still there, it’s broken-down past the point of salvaging.
“Nothing worth mentioning.” They smile at Dean in good humor, and, bemused, Dean smiles back, shaking his head.
“Yeah, yeah I’m alright.“ Benny chuckles quietly. “Sure was a close one though. By the looks of the bullet hole in that tree behind me, I think I’d be pushin’ up daisies right about now. So, yeah, I’m doing just fine.”
The look on Lee’s face makes Dean feel more uneasy than he’s felt since this whole situation started. He swears he can hear the rush of his own blood through his veins, and the hair at the nape of his neck stands at attention. He closes in on his former friend, numbly pulling a blade from where it’s sheathed at his waist, and pressing it below Lee’s chin.
And if you’re ever gonna come back here, wait a month, hell, a year if you can before you do. Understood?
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” Dean puts on a smile for him, making sure that it’s wide enough to crinkle the corners of his eyes, but even now he feels the weight of his guile tugging down his lips at the corners until his smile falls flat. Neither of them speaks for a moment, until, at last, Dean clears his throat and attempts a smile once again. “I know this was too much to ask,” he says finally, “and I’m so sorry for the weight I’ve put on your shoulders. I really am. I wish things could’ve gone down differently, but I just couldn’t let him–”
“You’ll hurt me if you don’t let me say goodbye,” Charlie insists. She pulls him closer, paying no mind to the rocks poking at her knees, or to the uncomfortable twist of her body because of the way Cas is sitting, until, finally, Cas gives in and hugs her back. He squeezes his eye shut, as if he’s trying, hopelessly, to will this whole situation away.
Cas pulls his jacket tight around himself, but it’s not much of a barrier against the freezing cold. His journal and pen lie on the floor by his side. He looks around himself lethargically, taking in the fading wallpaper, peeling at the edges, and the thick layer of dust and grime covering everything in sight. It’s a small house he’s found himself in, and it was clearly modest and sparse even before it was ransacked and ruined when the panic began. At least he’s found shelter, though–if only for a couple of hours.
“It just is.” Dean’s grip on the wheel tightens impossibly further. “The safety of my friends, of the camp, that’s on me. But still, I keep trusting the wrong people, not paying enough attention. I should’ve seen right through Lee, Charlie. I’ve known him forever. But I didn’t. I didn’t want to. And Cas… god, Charlie I–,” Dean’s resolve crumbles and his voice breaks wretchedly. “He’s probably dead already. He’s dead and the last thing we did was argue. I didn’t even get to tell him–”
The truck rumbles away from the camp, and, unbeknownst to Dean, a small, weather-worn journal lies abandoned on Castiel’s desk.
“Dean Winchester,” The demon calls out, his voice shattering the silence of the night. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”
After a too-long silence, Dean clears his throat and looks back up. “How about you though, man? Are you good? You almost–”
Seconds pass, then minutes. Nothing. The woods seem to settle, quiet once more, no longer mocking him in his vulnerable state. Castiel inhales deeply, his vision no longer painfully spotty, and stands shakily, leaning heavily on the large tree beside him. Wiping off his muddy hands onto his now equally muddy pants is probably pointless, but he does it anyway just to keep himself busy for a few seconds longer.
This is the most sober Castiel has felt in weeks, if not months, and he hates it with a passion. He scolds himself for letting this get to him, for letting himself become this. He used to be strong, and now he sits on the floor of a house he doesn’t recognize, cold, hungry, lonely, and achingly in need of a high, and it’s the lowest he’s felt in an age. None of that matters though, not really, because Castiel has far more important things to be concerned with, and he has survived much worse. Cas closes his eyes again, shutting down his despair and trying one last time to let his fatigue take over. His last thoughts before drifting off are thoughts of Dean.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean half-smiles, and it’s miserable and apologetic, but it’s the resignation in his tone that scares Castiel the most. “I’m gonna have to ask you to break your promise.”
He can’t bear it for more than a second. He tears his eyes away and stands, setting his jaw and striding resolutely toward the doorway. He’s nearly outside again before Castiel speaks.
Castiel squints at him in question, and his responding laugh is barely more than a huff, but the bright sound of it rings like a bell in Cas’s ears. Dean clears his throat and pushes aside his long empty beer bottle, leaning forward to rest his crossed arms on the table. He peers at Castiel earnestly, and it may be the alcohol or a trick of the light, but Castiel swears his freckled cheeks turn slightly rosy.
“Call it fact-checking,” Dean replies coldly. He wipes his bloodstained hands nonchalantly on a discolored cloth nearby and looks Belphegor in the eye. “Well, gee, I think I believe you. Thanks so much for your help. Now, I guess I'm feeling generous today, so I’ll make this quick.”
Dean laughs loudly at that, but it’s painfully insincere. “Seems like you have a knack for overestimating your importance.” The knife is still in his hands, and he lashes out quickly, carving a thin stripe onto the side of the demon's face. Belphegor cries out and his eyes flash, pure black and chillingly empty, but this cut isn’t as deep as the others. It’s merely a warning. Belphegor sneers all the same, his tone dripping with contempt in a way it never had before.
“Forgive me if I don’t believe you, brother.“ Dean shoots him a warning look, and Benny throws his hands up in defense. “Hey, I’m not tryna pry or anything, I just–. What just went down… that can’t have been easy. And I want you to know I’ve got your back, whatever else happens. You know that, right?”
“Thanks,” Dean says blandly, pausing a moment before sitting down on a cushion by Cas’s side. He hasn’t looked in a mirror, but he knows its true. He hadn’t shaved since they left for their mission a couple of days back, he can still feel the dried flecks of blood on his face and hands where he missed them with the washcloth, and the dark circles under his eyes haven’t left in months. Cas looks at him for a long time, his expression indecipherable.
“People talk,” Belphegor replies casually. “Well–not people, but you know what I mean. Besides, it’s not difficult to put the pieces together. The colt can kill anything. You want the devil dead. You’ve been capturing demons. You think the demons have the colt. One plus one, ya know.”
Dean approaches the rocky shore of the lake, running full tilt ahead, but when he sees what’s going on he skids to a halt.
“But Dean,” Cas insists, unable to stop himself from trying one last time. “Just think about this. I can’t truly be worth this much. I can’t be.”
“Don't say his name. Just don’t.” Cas’s expression turns cold, and he doesn’t respond, choosing instead to stare steadily at the road ahead. Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and wonders, not for the first time, why he can’t seem to open his mouth without hurting Cas’s feelings.
They walk quietly, all ten of them, abandoning their cars by the roadside. They move where the forest is still sparse, and Dean holds onto the silent hope that if Cas is in these woods he hasn’t strayed too far from the treeline, because the denser the wood becomes, the more impossible the search. They fan out until their group is stretched thin, and they begin to scour the forest for any sign of Castiel. Charlie and Jody are a few feet away from him when he hears it.
“I’d suggest you reconsider.” He leans toward Dean, mockingly conspiratorial. His voice is low. “Don't you wanna know why your little kidnapping mission went sideways so quickly? How we knew you were coming? What happened to your broken little angel?” Dean’s eyes widen in horror before he can help it. He schools his expression quickly, but he’s not fast enough. The mask has slipped. Belphegor has him hooked in, and he knows it.
“What exactly do you mean by ‘certain events’,” he asks, the timbre of his voice low and threatening. He asks, but without a doubt, he already knows the answer.
it. Something’s felt wrong since the minute I woke up in that building days ago. I just didn’t want to believe it. I just wanted to see you again. Fuck, I
“Say it!” Dean snaps, letting the knife he’s holding clatter to the ground. Without thinking he pulls out the pistol strapped to his leg and holds it to Lee’s forehead. Lee exhales shakily, hesitating only for a moment before looking Dean directly in the eye.
They drive in silence for a long while, but the despair that hangs in the air is suffocating, and, eventually, Dean just can’t take it.
It’s not yet light out, but there is little time to spare. The news has spread and there’s a hush that’s fallen over the camp as if everyone has been shocked into silence. Dean doesn’t mind it, though. He’ll miss the familiar bustle of the base, sure, but right now he’s just grateful that most people respect them enough to keep a quiet distance.
Dean turns and fixes him with a glare. Belphegor shrugs–or attempts as close of an approximation of a shrug as he can, given his restraints.
Dean steps back into the devil’s trap, and he presses the point of the blade into Belphegor’s chest until it breaks the skin and the fabric beneath the knife blooms a violent red. The first drop of blood always used to turn Dean’s stomach, used to make everything in him scream that he should stop, put down the blade, and just walk away. It made him desperately want to leave all this behind so that maybe, just maybe, he could forget Hell and Alistair, forget that doing this is exactly what made the world go to shit–but not today. Today the blood grants him the illusion of control, and Dean holds on to that feeling tightly. This time, he lets himself play the part because,
Castiel stifles a yawn as he trudges through the woods. The sound of it would likely have been masked by the nighttime chatter of forest creatures, but he’s still on edge after the close call from earlier in the day. He’s tired, but not enough to be careless. He had managed a little under two hours of slumber, and though it wasn’t much it should still hold him over, for a while at least. Weariness tugs on his eyelids, weighty like bags of sand, but when it comes to exhaustion, Castiel is a heavyweight champion. Sleep is still a foreign and unwelcome entity, and he avoids it whenever possible, even at the best of times. Any sleep he does get is utterly dreamless, and he feels a little less human for it–though he’s not sure whether or not that’s a bad thing.
Dean cocks an eyebrow and regards him with suspicion. When he doesn’t answer right away, Belphegor takes it upon himself to fill the silence. Leaning forward slightly, ignoring the press of metal at his throat, he gives Dean a pointed look.
“What was it like?” Dean asks passively, green eyes dark and heavy-lidded in the low light. “Before–,” Dean gestures vaguely, “before all of this, I mean.” His lips hover, parted, near the cold glass mouth of his open beer bottle. Castiel can’t decipher his expression–there’s something secret held in his gaze. “Can you tell me?” Dean prompts when he doesn’t receive an answer. Castiel purses their lips, perplexed and treading lightly.
The wheel that locks the door from the outside spins, creaking so loudly that Dean and Castiel can hear it from where they sit on the opposite side of the room. It’s a desolate scene, cold metal walls reaching high up to an empty darkening sky, the few bookshelves and tables scattered throughout the circular room all barren now, save for just one small metal cart.
“You seen one of our guys?” Bobby sounds solidly winded, and Dean can see Charlie’s white sneakers hovering right behind Bobby’s boots at the door.
He’s scheduled to call Sam early in the morning, and he’s nervous. He hasn’t talked to anyone else today, but Dean feels the difference in the bolt of his jaw, a relaxation in his chest -- he could, if he chose. The anxiety that usually coils around his spine has disappeared for the time being, and it’s new. Talking to Cas all night and this morning felt new. It felt like talking for the first time all over again. It’s special.
The receiver clicks off, and Dean is alone in the room again. The knot in his chest returns, but it doesn’t feel quite as tight as it usually does. He allows himself ten seconds to breathe in the silence, tracking the beating of his heart in his chest, and then exits the room.
Dean drops his hand and sees Cas staring down at his now-obliterated field of flowers. Dean copies his earlier gesture, tapping on the table -- Castiel meets his gaze, and Dean shakes his head. The other man tips his head, and
He couldn’t articulate the words if he tried, but he knows why it rubs him the wrong way. It’s something about people knowing he exists even when he’s not there -- he’s real, taking up space. And there are two inherently terrible things about that:
Charlie rummages around on the other side of the room for a few more minutes, and eventually Dean hears her shoes squeak to a stop at his right. “You’ve got fluids and a sedative running through that IV to help with the withdrawal, but you should drink some water. Here.”
His breathing speeds up, and he cradles his head in his hands. “Dean?” Castiel questions, voice changing from its neutral cadence for the first time since Dean’s heard him speak. It goes soft and low, a hint of concern at the edges. A hand falls on Dean’s shoulder, warm and barely there.
The library had been a twenty-minute walk away from his shitty little apartment, and he walked there at the end of a bottle of whiskey when he felt like he could handle it a little better. The librarian was a pretty middle-aged woman who showed him to the right section, and he found one book in the middle of the "Medical" shelf. The cover was red.
Dean looks at Castiel in the dark after that, mimes writing something with his hands. Cas nods at him and retrieves the notepad and pen from before, handing them both to his companion. Dean scribbles out a message and returns it, trying not to stare at the way the damp hair at the nape of Castiel’s neck curls up.
She crouches down, forcing her face into his line of sight. Dean immediately lifts his head up and away, refusing to look her in the eye. She just started to like him -- he doesn’t want to scare her away with the reality of how fucked up he is.
“Yeah?” Dean stops, turning on his heel. Adam is wringing his hands together in front of the door, hovering at the threshold.
“I passed out for a little bit. When I woke up, an hour had passed and she wasn’t back. I was so damn mad that I decided to get out and walk there myself, even in the snow.”
He remembers the way that the world crumbled around his feet as he learned more about what his future was and is going to be: years of pain, the inevitability of infection, the weakening of his body until fever and fatigue overtake him. He read that he had five to ten years, best-case, until his body got so weak that he'd barely be able to move. After that, maybe a year or two, living ravaged by illness. Then he would die, covered in sores or cancer or both, fighting for each breath as his fragile body betrayed him.
He pushes the thought into the back of his mind, trying not to think too hard about the guy. After all, they might never even be in a therapy session together -- and Dean doesn't want to risk getting on Bobby's super bad side from sneaking into the narcotics ward
Hope Valley Rehabilitation Center is overwhelmingly beige. The walls, the tiles, the lights -- as Dean walks through the entrance hallway, he thinks that the goal of this place might be to just be so boring that you hope you never have to fucking come back. He almost says as much to the nurse that welcomes him into a little beige medical room at the front of the building, but her smile is so sweet that he can’t bring himself to say it.
Showers have always been safe. He doesn’t have a bad memory in a shower -- these are places that soothed his aches and pains, washed away any evidence of how he existed outside of that space. They belonged to Dean and Dean alone.
“Hey, Dean, Adam was asking about where to find some stuff in the craft room. That’s not exactly my domain but I know you’re a bit of an expert at this point,” she looks over her shoulder at him, eyes narrowed. “I was promised a portrait about two weeks ago, when’s that getting finished?”
before Sam starts speaking again. “We can avoid it for now since I know that’s what you’re gonna do, but we’re gonna talk about it. Don’t fight me on this, I won a debate tournament last week.”
“Especially when they’re actin’ this squirrelly,” Ash says, leaning back in his chair so far that it threatens to collapse beneath him. “Dude hasn’t even said hi to anyone, been here for hours.”
So when he finally lifts his gaze and looks at his friend, he’s surprised to find something that looks more like awe.
Five days pass, and he doesn’t tell Sam. He goes to his appointment in a building that is much too large and far too confusing, and he asks three different people where to find Dr. Miller before he gets to the right waiting room. At that point, he’s ten minutes late and the receptionist acts snippy. She asks for his insurance, his date of birth, and who he’s seeing -- and the change in her attitude when Dean says
“Unless you’re telling me the entire plot of Lord of the Rings again. I could barely handle it in the written form.”
If Dean let himself think anything else about Castiel's actions, he knew his heart would start to beat too fast in his chest. But even now, just barely thinking about Cas, his pulse is almost thunderous. In the silence of the med room and the absence of Charlie's bright voice, it sounds even louder.
a life after this -- get Sam to school, let it end. Easy. Sam was taken care of with a full ride and friends at school -- and Dean knew that he’d get a girl, get her whole family to fall in love with him. Sam wouldn’t even have to remember the shitty family he got stuck with since they’d all be gone. Ghosts were always easier to deal with.
He isn’t, truthfully. Dean doesn’t let anyone into his space -- ever. In the last six years, Dean can count the number of times Sam was allowed into his room on one hand. But having Cas there, last night, even if it was just an arm’s length away on the ground -- it felt good. The few times that Dean startled awake, nightmares fresh behind his eyes, Cas had been right there. And something about Cas being there had soothed Dean enough for his eyes to close again, which rarely happened.
“Dinner’s lasagna, I think. Tell Jody you got jabbed in your radial today, she’ll give you extra,” Charlie says over her shoulder.
Charlie lifts her eyebrows up high, gives him a wink. “Sometimes I stop by for a little painting if we don’t have a lot of intake patients, so keep an eye out. I’m in charge of all your meds so it’s nice to have me on your team.”
Without asking Dean to follow him, Bobby turns and starts quickly walking. Despite his lumberjack appearance and attitude, Dean realizes that Bobby is remarkably fleet of foot. They walk down a little hallway lined with more crappy paintings, and Bobby starts talking. For the next thirty minutes, he doesn’t stop.
He sighs and lets his head fall back against the door to the craft room with a soft thud. It’s late, and he knows that even if he walks to the other side of the ward he won’t have a lot of time with Cas. Probably just twenty minutes, maybe less. And the whole time he’ll be thinking about the way Cas’s hands look when they’re drifting down someone’s back, the soft way he speaks to someone he cares about.
Besides, Castiel thinks to himself as he pads quietly but purposefully through the dense foliage, it has been something of a comfort. Telling a hypothetical Dean all the things the real Dean would never want to hear out loud. It’s cathartic, and perhaps it’ll make things easier between them once–if–he makes it back home. And if he doesn’t make it home, then at least, hopefully,  Dean will know. There’s solace in that, in knowing that even if the worse comes to pass, he’s at least tried his hardest to be there for Dean one last time. Castiel can rest easy with that knowledge, if it comes to that.
They drive off ahead, a caravan of beaten up cars and trucks following closely in their wake, but Dean no longer notices the rumbling of their engines, nor does he notice the way the truck jerks as he drives straight over the potholes in this fractured section of road. He looks straight ahead and the twin white lines leading forward into the dark look like they're leading him directly into the gaping maw of some vast unknown creature, but that’s nothing new. They’ve been driving for ten hours now, and they’d stopped and searched the woods on foot three times already. They’d attempted to establish radio communication more time than Dean can count. Nothing has come of any of it.
“I know, I just–,” Dean sighs, looking around at the lit candles on the windowsill, at the rugs and cushions on the floor, at the moonlight spilling onto the floor. He looks anywhere but Cas. Neither of them speaks for a long time. He worries his lip and Castiel picks at his fingernails until Dean can’t take it anymore. He looks at Cas pleadingly “I just wish you’d stop.”
The first thing Castiel remembers is the stars, how they perforated the big black nothing that the universe must once have been. They recount how brightly they shined, but how, even in their multitudes, those stars seemed terribly, hopelessly alone. Castiel doesn’t tell Dean that they felt the same way back then and for millennia later. Nor do they tell him how, right now and always, his features awash in the warm glow of incandescent light, Dean’s a prettier sight than the view from Jupiter.
ago, and who knows how far he got if he was even able to move. What if we’re wasting all this time when he’s still where Lee left him? If we find him just a second too late? And he could be–god, he could already be–” Dean chokes down a sob and swipes at his face to rid himself of tears he doesn’t remember falling. “I love him, Charlie, so much it hurts, and if I lose him, especially like this…” Dean chews at his lips until they’re near bleeding. He can’t think straight, and his vision is dangerously watery at the corners. He turns his gaze to Charlie, remorseful. “And this shouldn’t even be about me. He’s your friend too and I took that from you. I don’t know how you can even look at me.”
“I’m not, uh, ‘okay’,” Cas replies, making loose air quotes with his fingers, his grin still miles wide as if, in some sick way, this is the most amusing thing in the world. “But you already know that.”
Castiel looks an absolute wreck, sprawled out on the floor of his cabin facing skyward with his eyes glazed over as if he’s seeing visions in the greyed wood panels of the ceiling. The state he’s in, he just might be, little orange bottles scattered on the ground around him like leftover party favors. Dean’s by his side in an instant, pulling Castiel up until he’s sitting as close to upright as he can manage.
Dean pads across the room, footsteps muffled by his socks. He stops at the edge of the soft pit Castiel’s sitting in, arms wrapped around his knees as he crouches down. “Cas? You okay?”
Time crawls, infuriatingly slow. A watched pot doesn’t boil, so Dean starts tearing pages from his notepad into squares, meticulously folding neat paper cranes; he gets a few curious glances from shoppers walking by, but none of them stop to ask and the number of people wandering about dwindle as the pile at Dean’s feet steadily grows.
Dean stays up as late as he dares — it’s still a workday tomorrow, no matter how much he wishes otherwise — before dragging himself to bed, stewing in his thoughts and hoping to reach a satisfactory conclusion. (He doesn’t.)
“I mean, even if he was here — what could he do, cry?” He scoffs, and his friends join him in mocking laughter.
Castiel slowly opens his eyes. Deep blue nearly swallows the black of his pupils; the instant he focuses on Dean’s face, they dilate — like a cat seeing something they like — so quickly Dean wonders if he’d been mistaken.
The page remains blank under the counter as Dean works hard attending to the last of the afternoon rush, mostly parents and teenagers buying dessert for their dinners or breads and pastries for breakfast the next day.
Castiel inhales a sharp, unnecessary breath, blinking in the darkness of Dean’s bedroom. Still asleep and firmly trapped in the web of his dreams, Dean turns his head towards Castiel, expression twisted in pain as he gasps a soundless
"Like what you see?" Castiel tugs idly at the lapel of his fitted suit, smirking when Dean only nods, his jaw slack and eyes wide. Encouraged by the reaction, Castiel slowly turns around, tilting his hips
See, Dean likes being clean. Taking showers, washing Baby, tidying his room — they’re all things he could arguably say he enjoys doing, things that often help him relax and clear his head. But as someone who has a lifestyle of hunting monsters, he’s become more than acquainted with dirt under his nails, blood coating his hands, all kinds of dust and mud (and often, gore) on his clothes. Perhaps it’s all that motivating his urge to be clean, like some twisted, monstrous version of Macbeth’s wife; perhaps he too, has a gruesome death in his future, a karma for all the blood he’s spilled. Gloomy thoughts of his impending demise aside, Dean would usually
Hunger isn't a new sensation for him. No, it's been so long since he’d been blessed with the sensation of a full stomach.
He doesn’t know if Dean had chosen the floor because he wanted to remain unobtrusive while Castiel was acting prickly and unpleasant or if he simply prefered it, but even if the floor is cushioned as well as the plush bench like seating that stretched around the whole perimeter of the space, Castiel simply couldn’t accept allowing Dean to stay on the floor at his feet like a dog.
Dean feels like he’s about to lose his mind. Not being able to breathe probably isn’t doing him any favours, though.
When Dean looks back at Cas, his serene smile from seeing his family gathered around a fire eating smores like they had all the time in the world is wiped clean off his face faster than he could muster up a single thought. Castiel’s licking at some marshmallow sticking to his thumb, tentative and curious as a baby kitten and the logical part of Dean’s brain wants nothing more than to throw a napkin at his face.
Dean hums quietly in encouragement, nearly subvocal, and finally grants himself the permission to blink up at Castiel through damp lashes. His angel is positively
Castiel watches Dean with unreadable blue eyes for a long moment. Dean’s stubbornly fixated on the blood still trailing sluggishly down Castiel’s face, and Castiel knows he won’t be in any mood for conversation until he’s finished. It’s a bit endearing, how worried Dean is. Castiel closes his eyes.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, completely unfazed by Dean’s weight. His hands still on Dean’s waist, he grinds forward, smiling faintly when Dean tips his head back with a helpless groan.
Castiel hums, idly tracing one of Dean’s shoulder blades through his shirt. “Wonderful. Jessica is a fine woman, and Sam is…” He pauses dramatically. “Interesting.”
the person who engraved the rings for them: oh my god, they're absolute idiots... if I hadn't postponed the pickup for one of them, they really would've walked in at the same time
Castiel chuckles. “Your brother is the most stubborn person anyone will ever know.” He nudges one of Dean’s hands open to weave their fingers together, squeezing when Dean growls quietly. “But Gabe’s grown on you, hasn’t he?”
Castiel chuckles and Sam grins, ridiculously pleased to have someone on his side for teasing Dean. Now more than ever, Dean appreciates the way Jessica laughs and declares she’s not getting involved.
It’s pure chance — a lucky coincidence — when Castiel glances down just slightly before he goes to check his bathrooms, just in case Dean is there. But Dean won’t be in any of the bathrooms, because he’s right there, sprawled on the cushioned floor.
No matter how hard Dean struggles to drag air into his lungs, nothing happens. Everything’s spinning. Darkness creeps at the edges of his vision, a clingy ghost waiting for the perfect opportunity to drag him under.
Castiel snarls, but he doesn’t make any moves against Dean. He’s lovely, Dean can’t help but think. So broad and so strong, yet always kind and gentle, never willing to wield his strength against others. Perhaps fate granted him such a powerful second form to give him protection for his soft heart.
Around him rifle and semi automatic gunfire rages on, ringing loud and startling in his ears, many times faster and more destructive than the singular handgun he’d brought.
Dean’s head spins with all the possibilities. How easy it would be, for him to be totally, completely wrong. How easy it would be, for him to be right.
Castiel hums, quiet and satisfied, lowering the towel to peer up at Dean with eyes blue as the summer skies, when there’s not a single cloud in sight and the sun burns extra hot.
John seats himself on the sofa — what seems to be his bodyguard stands at attention behind him. He gestures lazily at the opposite armchair. “Please, sit.”
The sun is starting to set as Dean makes the walk over to Castiel’s shop, warm pie in a bag hanging from the bend of his elbow. If his calculations are correct, he’ll have to wait less than a handful of hours. It’s a good thing he loves the coffee there.
“Hello. I really didn’t want to disturb you, but I need to close up and I don’t want to accidentally lock you in here.”
Jumping almost guiltily, they reluctantly separate, fingers trailing lingering touches across cheeks. Dean sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, playing coy, smug with something near satisfaction when Castiel’s eyes hungrily track the movement.
He’d seen everything: how the girl had been walking quietly with her tray of food, how the group of bullies had swaggered around like they owned the place and bumped into the girl, how her soup had sloshed from the impact onto the leader’s shirt, how they’d backed her into a corner and not a single person around had lifted a finger to help. No one messes with Gordon and his gang. They’re known for their violence; Gordon’s right hand man (and familiar) is a massive griffin, and in a place of mostly common animal familiars, they hold imposing power. Unfortunately, nobody would risk their own hide for a weak and unclaimed familiar in a battle with no chances of victory.
But Ellen is patient, and she waits for him just like everyone else. Even now, two hours after Benny’s gone, and Dean is finally letting the tears drip down his face. He can’t speak, and he told Ellen that he wouldn’t be able to; she’s started bringing a backup notepad and pen just in case. It feels like a step backwards to Dean, and he’s ashamed.
Adam shakes his hand wordlessly before mumbling his name. As Dean watches Castiel reach out, he notices a thin white strip of gauze under the bracelets on his left arm. Before he can think about it too hard, a familiar obnoxious voice fills the air.
Sam in the first place. Kind of, at least; he just needed to get him on a plane to escape the shittiness that is being stuck in Dean Winchester’s orbit.
After a couple of seconds, she sighs and walks back to the other side of the room. Dean’s eyes trail her, and he notices the clock in the room reads six o’clock. Charlie is jotting down notes on a little stack of papers, and Dean mentally scoffs.
“Great. Dean, let me be honest with you. I haven’t read through any of your papers, I don’t know anything about you other than the tiny bit you’ve shared in group. All I know is that I look at you, and I see a lot of my own kid,” she says, face neutral.
Cas’s voice is low, trying to keep their conversation as private as possible even in a craft room full of six other people. When Dean doesn’t look up, he lets his fingers lightly rest on the back of Dean’s tensed hand. “Do you have any paper?”
With that, he turns back into his room. Dean stares at the space he used to occupy for a second, thinking about how a couple hours could buy him enough time to
MAJOR TW for this chapter: discussion of suicide (multiple times), assault (not graphic however it does occur), prostitution, mention of child abuse, mention of alcoholism
The phrase sends a rush of heat flooding through Dean’s body, but he pushes it down as far as he can. Hot tears start to well up in his eyes again, and he misses his brother. “What if I can’t talk again?”
“I’m assuming you’re here for another bracelet-making lesson?” He asks, and Dean nods once. Castiel returns the gesture and closes the distance between them, gently stepping in front of Dean to open his bedroom door. “Let’s not waste any time, then. You’ve only got an hour or so before the door alarm will go off and you're stuck here. And while I’m delightful in the nighttime hours, I can guarantee that you won’t find me as charming between the hours of seven and eleven AM.”
“No, listen to me. You do. I know it sounds fucking stupid but it’s true. And even if you don’t believe it, who the fuck wants to die in a place this lame?”
It’s a lie, but Adam doesn’t need to know. Dean briefly thinks that Cas is the only person who would know it’s a lie, but Cas isn’t here. Dean shoves the thought away as soon as it arrives and focuses on the now-laughing kid in front of him. Adam nods and looks up again. “How old are you?”
The skinniest man that Dean has ever seen is waiting at the door of the craft room welcoming people inside. Unlike the rest of the staff that Dean has encountered so far, this man has a sunny disposition and friendly tone -- every person walking in gets a
His heart starts pounding in his chest as the room shifts around him, and all of a sudden he’s not in his childhood home -- he’s outside, and it’s snowing. Huge columns line the front of a massive house, the stairs transforming into marble blocks leading to a set of mahogany double doors. Dread fills his body as he turns and looks out on the snowy landscape; he’s surrounded by pure white on all sides, the snow falling heavier and the cold seeping deeper into his bones. With a shaking breath, Dean starts to walk up the stairs -- he’s just so
when it’s Adam’s turn to speak. And he has a hard look on his face, mouth drawn into a thin line, when he finally does.
After seeing the hint of a smile, Charlie lights up again. “You can come back tomorrow morning after breakfast to get your meds. You’re taking Valium to help manage the withdrawal symptoms. It might make you a little tired, but you won’t have to take it longer than a week.” Dean nods at her and swings his legs over the side of the bed, waits for his vision to stop swimming before he stands. Charlie moves back to the other side of the room, sliding on a thin pink jacket and tossing a few supplies in a black backpack.
“What do you want, Dean? Now that you’ve said hi, of course,” Cas says, voice coming out tired. He looks wiped, and angry, and older than he should.
Dean stands up and walks over to his friend next to the dresser. Castiel doesn’t shift aside to accommodate him, looking almost entranced in his search. Dean sighs and sidles up next to him, ignoring the tiny sparks of electricity down his shoulder when he bumps into Cas.
“My professors in school would be so mad at me for acting like this,” she says, and Dean just shrugs when she looks at him with huge, sorrowful eyes. He taps his note again, holds her gaze.
Benny lingers by his side before moving across the table to sit at the opposite chair. Dean looks into his eyes again briefly, unable to read the expression on the other man’s face.
He remembers the winter of what should have been his senior year of high school, and Sam needed extra clothes, school supplies -- he was growing like a weed, and he needed an entirely new wardrobe. And Dean didn’t want to send him to school in the rags he wore himself because Sam didn’t deserve to get made fun of the way that he did; especially because Sam, outwardly, was a little softer around the edges. So Dean just stopped going to school, instead picking up extra shifts at his day job. And when that wasn’t enough, extra shifts at his other job.
Dean opens his eyes and looks at Bobby once. With shaking hands, he reaches out for the notepad and pen.
After five minutes, Dean runs out of things to say. With Adam’s huge eyes trained on him, he can’t think about anything other than finding a way to sneak into the room next to Bobby’s office and call Sam
Dean tears his eyes away and focuses on the sliver of pale light coming in through the space under the door. Castiel keeps looking at him, and Dean doesn’t know what to do with that. Instead, he focuses on the burning in his cheeks and clears his throat.
Dean sets his jaw and braces himself. With quick hands, he reaches out and grips tight onto both of Castiel’s shoulders, preventing him from backing up. Cas looks up at him, panic in his eyes, and Dean just squeezes tighter.
Sometimes the good dreams are memories, bathed in the gauzy warmth of youth and blurred out at the edges. Dean dreams of grass between his toes in the backyard of his childhood home, of eating ice cream with Sam that he’d paid for in nickels and dimes, and how it leaves his hands sticky and sweet in the warmth of the summer sun. He dreams of watching the stars, sprawled out on a blanket in a field that no one cares to remember, the impala beside him as he revels in his solitude. By contrast, some dreams are not memories, exactly, but merely wishful thinking. The coolness of the wet sand beneath his toes as he gazes out at the ocean before him, a white picket fence and a freshly mowed lawn–although he’d never admit that out loud. Some dreams are of fishing, where it’s always a warm autumn day and he never runs out of bait.
“Give yourself some credit,” Dean assures him, with a hand on his shoulder. Benny looks back up at him, his lips twisted into something that only barely resembles a smile. “You can win this, brother. I know you can. You’ve just gotta do it without me.”
DEAN: Stick to the plan. I need you to come in, lock the door behind you and throw away the key, you understand? Keep a gun on us too, in case– (clears throat)
“You shouldn’t have to when this is my fault,” Cas counters, nearly breathless with anguish. “I’m killing you, Dean. I love you so much it hurts, and I’m letting myself be the death of you. I’m the cause of all of this and I haven’t even had the chance to tell you how much you mean to me. Dean, I–”
The demon grins in response, apparently unconcerned that he has a knife under his chin. The ease of his smile sets Dean further on edge.
GOING TO QUESTION LEE NOW. HOPEFULLY GET SOMETHING USEFUL OUT OF HIM. AND THEN… I’M GONNA KILL HIM. I DON’T CARE ANYMORE.
Castiel treasures those dreams, and though they are not his to hold onto he clings to them tightly and keeps them tucked safely in his chest. Despite the cold, he is warmed to his very soul–or whatever semblance of a soul that he might possess. He can picture Dean’s face perfectly in his mind's eye, in all its rosy, golden, freckled perfection. The crookedness of his nose where it’s been broken a few too many times, his eyes that flash bright green like the sun does in the moment before it sets. Castiel feels less alone than he has in days, and he treks onward, with renewed vigor, because if he has the chance to see Dean once more he’ll take it and run with it without a second thought.
“Sure thing, cher,” Benny replies, his expression morphing into something that teeters dangerously between mirth and misery. “I was always gunnin’ for your job anyway.”
“When I told you I loved you,” Cas insists, his tone leaving no room for argument, “I wasn't lying to you, Dean. It wasn’t out of pity or guilt or whatever other excuses you’re using to try to convince yourself that it's not the truth.”
“Maybe I deserve it.” Dean’s stomach twists into a tangled mess and something at the back of his mind tells him he shouldn’t subject Charlie to this, how saturated he is in shame and self-loathing, that she has enough on her shoulders as it is. The monsters in his mind are louder, though, gnarled and ugly enough to give voice to his vices, so what’s one more sin amidst the legions of others. “Maybe this is what happens when you put the fate of the world in the hands of someone worthless. I mean, Charlie, look me in the eye and tell me I haven’t failed miserably at almost everything I’ve tried. You can't do it, can you?”
There is not a deer in sight this time, no low hum of road music, but still, in the darkness outside, it begins to snow.
Dean looks at Charlie and the ends of his lips quirk up just a little. It’s as close to a smile as he can manage, and it’s fractured like he doesn’t believe her for a second, but he appreciates the effort all the same. “Thank you. For being here. I know I’m the one who should be reassuring you.”
“You’re it for me, Cas, you understand? You’re everything. You have been for a long time. I mean, just look at me. I put the end of the world on hold for you. I prayed to you even when I knew you couldn’t hear it, and now, even while everything’s falling apart, I'm spilling my guts like some lovesick kid writing letters in a dollar store diary, and you know what? I don't even care, because it's
“Damn it.” Castiel turns off his radio irritably and puts it back into the pocket of his coat. The pounding in his head has yet to go away and the incessant crackle of static on his rapidly dying transceiver certainly isn’t helping. He scrubs his hands over his face before wrapping his arms around himself in a futile attempt to maintain a modicum of body heat. Cas has been walking for hours now, backtracking in the direction of the camp, but as soon as he’d reached the highway he had cut into the woods by the roadside. No demons or croats had crossed his path yet, but there's no such thing as being too careful at a time like this. If that means he takes the longer route, that he keeps moving, that he can't even start a fire, then so be it. He just needs to get back home. Back to the camp. Back to Dean.
He exhales nervously, just for a second, and one of the croats, trailing behind the others, stops in his tracks. He turns in Castiel’s direction, and Castiel stiffens helplessly, mouth drawn into a tight line so as not to repeat the same mistake again. For a frozen moment, the croat doesn’t move either. Then, from the gap in the tree trunk that he’s been peering through, Castiel could swear he sees the croat smile, though he’s too far away to be sure.
“Fuck,” Cas curses under his breath, and his voice is hoarse. He wonders for a moment why his throat is so raw before he registers the biting cold, how frozen solid he feels. Despite himself, he breathes out a rueful huff of laughter. He used to be able to not even feel the cold and now look at him. Being human is still so uncomfortable, he has no idea how Dean manages to–
I’LL UPDATE WHEN WE RETURN. I HOPE TO GOD IT’LL BE GOOD NEWS, BUT I CAN’T HELP BUT THINK OTHERWISE. WHEN HAVE I LAST HAD GOOD NEWS.
“I love you too, Dean, and I’m sorry. But I also promised myself that I’d keep you safe.” With his free hand, Castiel reaches into the pocket of Dean’s jacket, the inside one on the lower right side, and he does it without hesitation because even like this, strung-out and sunken in, being eaten alive from the inside out by something evil, Cas knows Dean better than he knows himself. He pulls out the pistol Dean keeps hidden there, the one he’s had since before he’d grown into his own limbs, when his voice was still squeaky and he hadn’t yet had his heart broken. He laces Dean’s fingers and his own together and wraps their hands around the pistol, their laced up fingers on the trigger.
CHARLIE: It’s Cas, he–he has it, and Dean’s, not–I don’t know what he’s gonna do, but he’s not answering me either and I–
“Maybe not, but I just thought–,” Castiel exhales shakily, “I thought, that maybe you wouldn’t have to be so alone in all of this.” He pauses, and Dean pretends he doesn’t notice the sentiment slip from his features, his expression stiffening until he appears as reserved as the day they had met. “I suppose you've made your choice, though.”
The two of them gaze at each other for a few seconds more, then Cas slips quietly out the door, leaving Dean with nothing but an empty room and a phantom buzz that lingers underneath the pads of his fingertips for ages.
After about an hour, the woods begin to thin, and Castiel weaves his way closer to the roadside. Judging by the silhouetted buildings on the horizon, he must be approaching a town. Hopefully, a town with at least one functioning car. He walks along near the asphalt, continuing on the way it points him. He keeps out of the open by travelling just behind the treeline and watches carefully for any movement. There’s nothing for a long while, but as he draws closer to town he hears someone, or something making a commotion, and his heart skips a beat. He ducks down behind the splintered stump of a large tree just a few paces behind him, and he waits.
“We’re in a car on an empty highway. We won't be anywhere remotely near another hot zone for hours. There's not an enemy in sight, so tell me, Dean what battle are you really fighting?”
The last dregs of sunlight filter through the window of the broken-down building Castiel finds himself in when he wakes. His eyelids feel uncomfortably heavy when he tries to open them, and his head is pounding unforgivingly. There's an uncomfortable sticky feeling running down from his temple to under his chin, and when he picks at it his fingers come back stained red.
Everyone else around him blurs out of existence, and finally, finally, Dean’s body catches up to his racing mind. He slings the rifle back over his shoulder and moves toward Cas, slowly at first and then breaking into a run, his feet carrying him forward as fast as they possibly can despite the shrubs and the broken branches doing their damndest to trip him up. In an instant he is there, standing in front of his best friend, pulling him into a bone-crushing hug, and his entire being sings with it. Dean knows it’ll be a long time before he ever wants to let go, but he can’t bring himself to care. In return, Castiel’s arms, at first hanging at his side in shock, come to wrap around Dean tightly, pulling him impossibly closer.
DEMON WE’RE HUNTING IS SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE INNER CIRCLE. WE’LL SEE. COULD JUST BE ANOTHER DEAD END, BUT I HAVE A GOOD FEELING ABOUT THIS. WE’RE CATCHING UP TO THEM. LONG DRIVE AHEAD OF US, THOUGH, A PLACE JUST SOUTH OF FARGO. CAS IS DRIVING TODAY. I ALWAYS DRIVE.
“Hey, Dean?” Dean turns his head, and the expression on Cas’s face is so unabashedly sincere that it makes him ache. The shadows on his features dance in the flickering candlelight and the air feels heavy with something nameless. Castiel smiles. “Happy birthday.”
“Man, I’m really sorry. I know he–” Benny sighs. He shoves his hands in his pockets and peers at Dean empathetically. “I know he was an old friend. A close friend.”
“Hey, hey, you’re okay. Come on.” Castiel laughs loudly at that, frightfully so, and god, what Dean wouldn’t do to see that smile grace his face for any reason but this.
Dean scoffs. “Yeah. I sure know how to pick ‘em, don’t I,” he says, more to himself than to Benny, who shifts uncomfortably all the same. “It’s fine though,” Dean continues. “I am–I’m good, man.”
“We were on… 216, I think. Mission 216,” Lee mutters, breaking his silence. “I was cornered by some demon, got offered a deal. My life for information. On you.” He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes as he speaks, but he barely sounds apologetic. Dean’s hand, still marred with the blood from Lee’s fresh wound, tightens into a fist until his knuckles are bone white. Lee continues. “It was supposed to be a one-time thing, but, man, it was too good to pass up. You notice how few fights I’ve been in lately?” He shifts his injured shoulder uncomfortably. “I mean, this is the first injury I’ve had in ages. Thanks for that, by the way.”
Dean doesn’t respond. He just stares, heart beating loudly in his ears and his finger still on the trigger. Despite himself, Dean feels the burn of oncoming tears in his eyes and the grimace on his face, and his wrath falters, it’s severity undercut by the quivering of his lip. He looks at Lee and he sees someone who, for most of his life, he considered a close friend, now pathetic and bloodied and broken. Dean’s resolve wavers. He feels sick to his very core. Disgusted and helpless and small, and he loathes it.
–I lose control, if I ended up hurting you, I just…” he trails off, his expression saturated completely in sorrow and fear. “It’s over now, Dean. It has to be, but I’m alright with that because the extra time I was given, it meant I got to be with you. I got to say goodbye, and I didn’t think I’d get even that, let alone…”
“It’s okay, Dean. Tt’s alright,” Cas continues, in what he must know is a futile attempt to reassure him. “I got more time than most, probably used up the last of whatever speck of grace I might’ve had left, but we need to be realistic. It’s been days since this happened. Who knows how long I have left. I already feel it in me, changing me into something I don’t want to become. And if–
Dean’s transceiver crackles to life, thankfully interrupting him. Charlie looks over at Dean sadly, but Dean’s already clearing his throat and blinking away the beginnings of tears that had welled up in his eyes.
The relief Dean feels burying his face in Castiel’s shoulder is enough to push away the thought that after all this, finding Cas was almost too easy. It doesn’t matter. Everything is perfect. In this moment it feels like nothing will ever go wrong again.
“Yeah, well… we rarely get what we wish for.” Cas looks him dead in the eyes and, in that moment, Dean feels completely, utterly,
Cas? Cas? I don't know if you can hear me... but we’re coming back. I'm coming back. You gotta stay safe, you gotta keep moving. You cant let them– Cas, I can't lose y–
“No,” Cas whispers, voice shaky with desperation, or sickness, or some unholy combination of them both. “There’s always another way, Dean. You can't give that up for me. Just yesterday you were so–”
“Dean,” he shifts his feet restlessly, “how are you?” He seems more sober than he’s been in a while, but they’d been on the road a few days so it’s not all that unexpected.
Lee looks up at him pleadingly. “Come on man. Don’t do this. You know you’ll regret it.” Lee attempts a smile, but it’s ugly and distorted on his broken face. “We’ve had some good times, haven’t we? You really want to throw all that away?“
Castiel tucks the journal carefully back into his coat, straightening his posture from the hunched position he’d assumed in an attempt to protect the pages from the sparsely falling snow. His cheeks color even more than they already had in the brisk winter air. A part of him, the vain part, that was once able read minds, heal with a touch, be across the galaxy and back within an instant, feels stupid for pouring his heart out in a silly little journal while he’s stranded alone in the midst of the end of the world. He ignores that part of himself though, because he knows thinking like that won’t leave him anything but a bitter taste in his mouth and a further lack of focus.
“This is taking too long,” Dean sighs quietly, and it’s barely discernible against the mechanical hum of the engine and the low rumble of tires treading over damaged asphalt. Dean has lost the capacity to care enough that his hand is shaking on the stick shift as he pulls back onto the main road. Another failed search, and another small spark of hope that he didn't even know he had left has been pummeled into dust. He thought he’d seen something in the trees this time, black hair and blue eyes in the midst of all that green ghosting at the edges of his vision, but, of all people, Dean should know that ghosts are never what you want them to be. He returns to the road empty-handed again.
Dean wills his neck to move, tries to shift in the bed a little to see Charlie better. It takes an effort that feels Herculean, but after twenty seconds he’s managed to put her silhouette squarely in the center of his gaze. He lets his chin drop forward a little, and Charlie accepts it for the nod that it’s supposed to be.
But Dean knows he’s probably never going to see Cas like this again, so he waits for a minute longer and allows himself to replay the events of the prior evening in his mind.
Dean doesn’t have a response. Instead, he opens and closes his mouth, trying desperately to remember what it feels like to breathe in and out. He stares at Castiel with wide eyes. Castiel stares back at him, unflinching. Unafraid.
“You had a tough start, so we’ve been going a little easy on you. But it’s been a week, and we want to help -- so it’s time to start digging a little deeper.”
Instead of trying to look him in the eye again, Charlie sits on the little stool next to a computer in the corner of the room. “Did the receptionist explain to you how all of this works exactly? Sometimes that makes it a little easier.”
Dean's made peace with that fact when he’s five feet from the glass doors to his own ward, but the squealing hinges of an old door stop him in his tracks. From down the hall, he hears a soft pattering of socked feet walking quickly down the hall in his direction -- hope surges forward in his chest, but he pushes it back and closes his eyes.
The shaking gets worse. He shrugs again, then forces his eyes shut. The pen almost slips out of his fingers when he starts to write again, but he manages to scrawl out one word:
He throws up his right hand and splays all of his fingers out, and he can’t help but notice the slight widening of her eyes.
He remembers sitting in the office as he received his diagnosis. At the time, everything the doctor told him was static -- so he had to go the public library and find an old book about it to figure out what was really wrong with him. Because he knew there was something wrong,
The phone rings twice before Sam picks up. The sound is shrill and hollow, echoing around in Dean’s head before the familiar sound of his little brother’s voice fills the void.
Dean flushes, feels his eyes widen. He turns away quickly, chasing Bobby down the hallway and pretending not to notice the way he huffs at him after catching up. Dean’s head is starting to hurt so bad that he doesn’t even have the will to be a little embarrassed; 70% of his brain is thinking
He worms his feet into the ward-provided white shoes that are just a bit too big, wincing at blistery ankles from his sprint around the unit yesterday. Bobby knocks on the door again, and Dean hobbles next to it briefly to offer a knock in return. “Ain’t got all day, Sleeping Beauty. I’ve got an intake appointment with your name on it.”
With shaking fingers, Dean turns the handle on the door and falls into the hallway. He shuts the door too loudly, barely able to control his arms. He stumbles back to the other ward, feeling tears escaping as he goes.
When he wakes up, there’s no light coming in from the tiny window high up on the wall. His head feels foggy, and there’s an exhaustion in his body that sleeping didn’t fix. His mind is moving slower, though, and that’s an improvement.
“...as I’m sure some of you have heard, we had a bit of a runaway situation yesterday. And we’re covering family today, so I know that plenty of y’all are gonna want to get the hell outta Dodge, but I
“But we can’t get you moving on to greener pastures without talking to one of us a little bit. You don’t have to say everything, because no one ever wants to say anything at all. But if you feel like it’s not working out with Bobby, for whatever reason, you can start over. With me. No skin off anyone’s back.”
An unbidden grin spreads over Dean’s face. He tucks it away before he turns back around, instead putting on as appalled of an expression as he can muster. “The Lord of the Rings is sacred, Cas.”
After another beat of making no move to respond, Cas taps his shoulder and gestures to the phone. Dean just stares at him, feeling defeated -- what is he supposed to say to Sam? About
“Whatever it was, it’s probably really hard to deal with. Cas sounds like he’s been through a lot, even if he doesn’t tell people about it. Dean, this was stupid, but it sounds like you just need to talk to him.”
He remembers one man in particular who slapped him across the face so hard that he cried, and then the man left without paying him.
They wait, but his eyes are glacial as he stares at the rest of the group. After a second, Rufus speaks up next to him, and the rest of the group is introduced smoothly.
She comes to him like she always does, hair loosely tied up with a few strands framing her face and clad in a white dress. He doesn’t know if she ever actually owned a dress like this, has no distinct memory of it. But in his dreams, it’s a summery fabric that flows almost weightlessly over her body. It looks comfortable, and he’s glad that this dream version of her is wearing something comfortable. It’s a lot better than wearing the rough hospital gowns that make up his most vivid memories of his mother.
Adam scrambles up to follow him, thanking Jody on his way out the door to the dining hall. He trails a few footsteps behind Dean, and thank
“It was January of 1991, and I was drunk. I realize I don’t have enough whiskey to last me for the next day. And it’s a Saturday, so I know I can’t get any tomorrow, since this is rural Nebraska,” she says, voice calm. “So I decide that I’ve got to go get some tonight, before the stores shut down for the night. It’s about ten at night, and my fourteen-year-old daughter is the only one home. She had just got back from seeing some friends.”
Dean can’t remember the exact location of the bedrooms on this side of the building, but he knows that this ward is just like his except inverted. He traces his steps backwards, walking as silently as he can through the dark halls -- there’s barely any light, just a few dim hallway lights every ten feet or so. When Dean finally distinguishes the numbers on the wall, he can barely make out the numbers
“Oh, alright. Well, just, um -- you can take a seat over there sir. He’ll be with you shortly. If you need anything, just let me know.”
There’s fresh gauze close to the crook of his arm, right below Dean’s right hand. His left hand cradles Castiel’s wrist in his palm, stretching the length of his forearm. Even in the dim lighting of the room, the marks are impossible to miss. Mottled red scar tissue tracks along his arm, a physical map of the veins beneath. Those aren’t the marks that catch Dean’s eye, however; cross-hatched over the scar tissue are freshly healed cuts, straight lines that appear deliberate, shallow. Near Castiel’s wrist, there are so many straight lines that the scar tissue is no longer visible -- just criss-crossing lines, pale scars hidden under the bracelets.
As soon as he manages to stop focusing on the harsh beat of his own heart, he realizes that Castiel’s is beating just as fast.
“I haven’t seen you this late in a few days. Figured I’d have to make the pie to get you to come back and visit, and damn if I wasn’t right,” she says, hand warm and calloused. She’s got red splatters all over her apron, and despite the discussion of pie the kitchen smells of warm garlic and ripe tomatoes, simmering in the world’s largest pot on the stove. After handing Dean a spoonful of sauce to try, she heads into the back to retrieve what is certainly going to be an ungodly amount of apple pie.
“Dean, stay with me. It’s okay. Can you tell me what it is about getting out of here that scares you?”
Dr. Miller flips through the paperwork for a second before flattening the pages on the desk, templing his fingers over the stack. He breathes in softly, meets Dean’s eyes over silver bifocals hanging on the tip of a very large nose.
After sixty more seconds of sprinting, Dean comes to the glass doors connected to the narcotics ward. There’s a big sign that says WARNING: DO NOT ENTER UNLESS AUTHORIZED, red letters reprimanding him for even thinking about setting foot inside. Sweaty and panting, Dean weighs his options: run back, get wrestled to the floor by Charlie and Bobby and face the overwhelming embarrassment of this being his introduction to everyone on his ward, or go into the NA ward and potentially set off a building-wide alarm, embarrassing himself to everyone entirely.
After a long few seconds, there’s silence. So much quiet passes through the space that Dean starts to wonder if the silhouette and her counterpart have moved away, but he finally hears what seems like one of the saddest sighs in the world.
“Any existing medical conditions? That part’s blank,” she says, looking at Dean with a carefully neutral expression. After he cried, the joking stopped. But she was still nice, way nicer than Dean deserved for how he was acting. “You must be Superman, most people have something going on,” she smiles at him.
Then she gave him a little smile and a pat on the shoulder, and walked out of the fluorescent room and back into the hall. He never saw her again, but ten days later she left a voicemail on his phone. He was in the middle of playing a chess game with his younger brother when his phone rang, and he said he’d get it later -- it had been a solid week since he’d had time to just sit down and hang out with Sam, and he wanted to soak it up. He was going to go to college in just a few months, so Dean wanted to have all the time he could.
Dean feels a little heat run up his back again, shrugs it off and looks back down at the bracelet instead of into the blue of Castiel’s eyes. The other man just makes a soft noise in thought, and when Dean dares to look at him again there’s a hint of a smile in his eyes.
When Castiel woke, he apologized profusely as he rubbed his eyes and told Dean that he should have woken him up. Dean smiled at him and told him it was okay, voice quiet in the scant few inches that separated them. Dean thought about how easy it would be to lean in and ruin everything he spent the last two months building, and decided not to ruin it.
Dean’s pissed off now. “No, they didn’t. She said it could be an infection or something and they were ruling other shit out. What’s wrong with me?”
Hold on a second,” the voice says, and it doesn’t take long for Dean to realize that it’s Ellen. He picks up his pace.
“If you want to keep hiding, you can do it in here for another couple of hours. They won’t find you. Just a friendly offer.”
Benny grins at him one last time. “You’ll do fine, brother. You’ve got light in you. Whole world’s gonna see it soon.”
-- and as he gets to the doors, a large silhouette moves behind the glass and he feels a terror unlike anything he’s ever felt before unfurling in his chest.
“I implore you to leave the running to our Usain Bolt on the ward,” she turns back around to her circle, and a bit of the tension leaves Dean’s shoulders. “Besides, no matter how far you run you always end up comin’ home in some way or another.”
“Hello, Dean. You’ve been standing out here for quite some time,” he says, walking back into his room and immediately beginning to rummage around in the bins of thread and art supplies. Even though his voice is neutral and steady, Dean can’t forget what he just saw. This now makes two times that Dean has seen Castiel truly,
He runs down the hall, ignoring the stares from the group therapy rooms. His hands won’t stop shaking, and even though he feels hot and sick to his stomach he keeps his Dad’s jacket on. A part of him thinks that if he took it off right now, his entire body would fall to pieces.
He’s grateful for the notepad and pen, but he ends up not even needing it. Instead, he nods his head once and points at Ellen, avoiding her face. And he can’t see it, but he can hear the grin in her voice when she says “Alright. Let’s get started.”
“I received a very good education. And I feel very old, but unfortunately I’ve only been on Earth for about twenty-four years,” he responds.
“One more word out your mouth and I’m gonna slap you upside the head,” Ellen spits out. “We’ve wasted enough time on this, let’s get started.”
He bolts out of the room, slamming the door behind him and abandoning his pen and paper. As he makes a run for it, his instinct screams at him to go to room 122 on the other side of the building; it’s the only place that he can hide, and Dean doesn’t want to risk being seen by another living soul for the foreseeable future.
Dean rolls his eyes when he looks at Castiel again, and the other man offers him a little smile. A little piece of paper and pen emerges from the depths of Castiel’s scrub pocket, and he scribbles out a message. After he slides the paper to Dean, he gets up to retrieve some sheets of origami from the front -- gives him space to think about his response.
Castiel slips his shoes back on and runs a hand through tangled hair. Dean is so preoccupied with what he just said that he isn’t even distracted by the long stretch of Cas’s body as he reaches into the air and pops his back.
“Shut up, Zach. Recovery is different for everyone,” Ellen breezes past the comment without even looking up from her papers, and Dean would cheer for her if it didn’t feel like a rope was around his neck. Instead, he nods in agreement when Ash says “Hell yeah.”
“This is a fast pattern, so you can finish it tonight. It’s the same as what we did last time, but you do it on both sides,” he says, demonstrating the first two rows for Dean to watch. He nods, mimics the graceful movements of Castiel’s hands -- his immediately looks messier, but it doesn’t matter. The knots form a V-shaped pattern, and despite his mistakes Dean knows it will look interesting. Without another word, they work.
His cheeks feel wet, but he doesn’t wipe them away. Instead, Dean shifts his gaze up from his hands gripped around each other, fingernails digging in, and looks at Ellen instead. Ellen, gaze open and unworried. Her shoulders are drawn back with a chin held high. Dean thinks about Ellen -- who she is now. Then he thinks about the woman she used to be.
he thinks, and briefly considers ripping the IV out of his arm just so Charlie will have to put it in again. He feels strong enough to do it now -- whatever sedatives they had him on are wearing off.
The room has been pieced back together since his meltdown yesterday. There is, however, a dent in the wall from where he launched his chair. Embarrassment floods his cheeks, and he rubs the back of his neck with his hand. He misses his jacket. Needs it.
Dean’s eyes snap up to the door. The blood drains out of his face, and he stands up a little straighter. “You a big art guy?”
First time speaking since all this started, and Dean’s fucked it up already. He shakes his head and keeps writing, trying not to let the frustration leak into his words any more. A lot of the time, Sam acts like he’s fucking fifty -- so much so that Dean forgets he’s just a teenager.
He was banking on Charlie’s perkiness to get him out of his funk. The dream with his mom fucked him up, and all he wanted was a pleasant
Dean waves at him and gulps before looking back down at his empty plate, hoping that will be the end of their discussion. The man sounds friendly, but Dean isn’t interested in making friends at the moment; in fact, the last thing he wants to do on the face of the earth is share any more information about himself with another soul. Especially not one that he’s going to have to live with for the next few months.
“I think you’re on the wrong side of the ward,” Blue Eyes says, and his voice shakes down into Dean’s bones. It’s deep and rough, but the tone is more bemused than anything. After looking Dean over for a second, the man tilts his head to the side. “It’s a little early to be rebelling against the Therapy Gods, isn’t it?”
He swallows, the realization thick in his mouth. Dean doesn’t even know where to begin to plan a life after this. He just assumed there was never going to
Charlie stares up at him from her little stool, and her eyebrows knit together. “Oh, I’m so sorry Dean,” she says, and she means it. She grabs his hand for a second and squeezes before returning her gaze to Tissue Mountain. “It never gets easier. Some things have, but today always hurts.”
for and also never wanting to think about it again. Dean takes in a breath and breaks his gaze, staring at a tile on the floor and wondering how to respond. He loathes how bothered he is by learning this information, and he feels like crawling out of his body to escape the unpleasant static feeling under his skin.
“You filled out the intake forms, you were accepted to one of the programs here. That’s step one and two, already done! Woo!” She claps her hands a little, smiling. And he knows it’s fake, trying to tell him that he’s already started the process -- he drank this morning and he can still feel the booze in his brain, fogging up his mind enough to make all of this feel tolerable. He isn’t even close to the starting line. But Charlie just seems so
It takes him ten minutes to stumble to the medical bay, but he finally gets there and takes a break at the little waiting room to keep from fainting. Dean curls over himself, lets his head hang heavy over his knees. The posture forces the little note to fall out of his pocket, and he grabs it from the floor quickly. He dusts it off before unfolding the little sheet of paper. His vision feels a little blurry, but he focuses all of his remaining energy on deciphering the lines on the page.
Dean can feel a drop of sweat snaking down his spine, and he focuses on the itching trail it leaves behind instead of the aching in his teeth. Heaving in a deep breath, he follows.
This work deals with various heavy topics such as alcoholism, drug abuse, self-harm, implied sexual assault, and HIV. I am writing about all of these things from either direct or very close experience, and thus am aiming to be as delicate and respectful as possible without sacrificing the reality of these situations. If these topics are triggering to you, I am going to include very specific tags and warnings at the end notes of each chapter (in this one, HIV/alcoholism/intent and implication of suicide). The point of this work is to detail that there are some really hard things in life, but ultimately it is possible to get through -- this is meant to be an accompaniment for recovery, in a way. If there is anything you think I need to additionally tag or warn about, let me know in the comments (and also if you enjoy). Will update this weekly, hopefully. Thanks for reading! If you or someone you know is in recovery, best of luck.
He shakes his head at the mirror and averts his eyes. The steam rising from the first stall indicates that the water is as ripping hot as he needs it to be, and he lets out a sigh. He strips with closed eyes, dropping his boxers next to his fresh set of scrubs, and gets into the shower.
The responding voice is hushed and deeper than that of the silhouette, and Dean can’t understand. From down the hall, it merely sounds like a hint of a whisper. The silhouette responds with a huff, and Dean strains to hear again.
Dean feels something in his chest break, but he holds it together and stretches out a hand to Castiel again. “Cas, look, I’m not like them. I’m not -- why? Why are you doing this?”
Not only did he think about the physical suffering to come, but the fact that he would have to do it entirely on his own.
Ellen clears her throat. “Alright then. Everybody introduced, let’s get started. We’re talking about worth. Particularly, self-worth. Everybody know what self-worth is? Ash, give me a definition.”
He freezes. Jody calls out for him again, and Dean hangs his head while he rubs one hand along his rapidly-bruising hipbone.
“He believes I’m sleeping with the night nurse on staff and he has a particularly disgusting affection for her.”
He looks Bobby in the eye and gives one quick nod. Bobby returns the gesture, lets out a soft breath.
tw: mention of prostitution, mention of substance abuse/addiction, mention of child abuse, much surrogate parenting
But he tells himself to keep it together for a little longer and enjoy the niceness; hitting the two-day mark coincides with the weekend, and that means Dean can finally call Sam. And he can’t wait to hear his voice, listen to him talk about Stanford and sunny California skies.
The hours count down, and Dean realizes that his phone call is going to interfere with what should be his dedicated craft hour.
Dean blinks at Ellen across the desk, tongue feeling too big for his mouth. Sunlight streams in through the window, and Dean can see autumn leaves drifting outside on gusts of wind.
from the narcotics members, and Dean’s heartbeat picks up. Somehow over the past few weeks, he and Castiel had never ended up in group together -- every week patients get mixed around a little bit, but he and Dean had eluded one another.
He shakes his head and shrugs. Castiel’s eyes are concerned, and he furrows his brow. The pen and paper fall to Dean’s sides with his arms, limp; he can’t do this. His gaze drops to the floor, and he feels like crying for what feels like the thousandth time that day.
“That’s Kevin. He’s nineteen and he just got here. His mom sent him here after he dropped out of college. He’s quiet too, so you’ll get along like two peas in a pod,” Benny says, and as he looks Kevin up and down he meets Dean’s eyes and waves. Embarrassed, Dean looks back down -- but Benny just laughs, claps a hand on his arm for a second. “Everyone wants to get to know you, so this info is free to share. Don’t worry.”
The other residents roll in for lunch at noon, and Dean wants nothing less than to come out of his room. He can hear them talking together, some laughing, others bickering -- but clearly an air of familiarity, a make-shift family. He’s the new guy, and Dean always hated being the new guy.
The phone is in a small room next to Bobby’s office, allowing for some privacy. It’s about eight feet wide and just another six feet deep -- as the two men walk inside, Dean can’t help noticing how close he’s going to have to stand to Cas. His heart beats a little faster than it already is, and he swallows.
But for the first time since he can remember having the dream, she doesn’t come back with another box. She disappears, and Dean waits. He waits for a long time, eventually feeling a sense of worry nag in his chest. So he stands up from the table, looking at the empty plate and crumpled juice box, then sets off into the house.
Right above him, Dean hears Blue Eyes shut the book. “You think a runaway would hide in the one singular occupied room on this entire ward when everyone is trying to hunt him down.” The statement is flat, sarcasm buried under the words. Dean smiles softly, grin getting wider when Bobby huffs in response. “No need to give me lip, Novak. I know Garth is a big softie over here on all y’all but I ain’t got the same patience.” His accent comes out more heavily, losing a level of professionalism that he’d managed to keep even when Dean was actively freaking out in his office earlier.
“If you keep skipping breakfast you’ll feel like shit for your first session. We’re having omelettes tomorrow and if I don’t see your skinny ass in the dining hall by 8:05 I’m dragging you there myself.”
Castiel breezes past Dean’s lack of a response, rearranging the buckets before taking a seat on his bed. “I would offer you some of my meds, but I’d hate to be responsible for giving you a new hobby before you’ve even gotten over the first one.”
Dean shakes his head and closes his eyes before leaning his forehead against the wall. The tiny room feels even more like a box than usual, and he thinks back to squeezing into this space with Cas at his side -- just inches apart, laughing along with Sam. Stealing glances at the curve of Castiel’s cheek or the way his eyes crinkled up when Sam told his college stories. How warm he felt, even in the cavernous distance between their bodies.
Cas is seated at the same place as before, this time with an array of oil pastels scattered across the table. When Dean approaches, Castiel’s eyes widen -- he hurries to gather the pastels together, making a space for Dean. Without a word, he places the friendship bracelet from last night on the table. Dean starts to work, and his mind goes blank for all of ten minutes before Castiel accidentally knocks their knees together under the table.
“Then what was it?” Dean asks, hyperaware of the bracelet in his pocket again. He wants to give it, ease some of the pain on Cas’s face. Even if it’s just for a second. But he doesn't want Cas to stop talking.
Dean walks out of the intake appointment after three hours, and by that time lunch is in full swing. Bobby has five pages of notes, not including what Dean writes for him, and there’s a note of weariness in his voice when he tells Dean that he can leave and grab some food.
He inhales sharply, tries to hold the breath in -- but he can’t, and now it feels like his hands are shaking, and he’s trying to untie the knots but it just looks worse. Dean feels tears starting to make an appearance, and he crushes his eyelids closed so Cas doesn’t have to see him have another meltdown.
Dean nods once in response before entering the room, noticing immediately that it’s almost 100% female. They’re also almost all in blue scrubs instead of the dark green on his own body, and he feels the same kind of otherness that he did in the dining room earlier. He scans the small group of about fifteen people, trying to decide who would be a safe option to sit next to, when he hears a familiar voice curl around his name.
Dean scrapes his nails over the crown of his head, starting to fight back another onslaught of nausea on top of the headache. From the bed, Castiel speaks again: “For future reference, you should try to abstain from strenuous activity during the first phases of withdrawal. Tends to make the symptoms worse, which I’m sure you’re aware of by now.”
(And, in this moment, Dean thinks that maybe Adam looks a little bit like Sam when he was younger. But he won’t tell anyone that, least of all himself.)
He exits the room and shuts the door, stands by himself in the little waiting area where he met Bobby earlier. Scrubbing the tears out of his eyes, he stands for a second in front of the shitty little paintings again. The
“Dean, I’m not gonna leave you alone on Thanksgiving. This is the longest we’ve been apart since before I was born, I’m pretty sure. Hate to say it, but I miss you,” Sam’s voice is soft through the receiver. The words register in his brain slowly, and he starts to feel his throat close up for a different reason -- he feels like he’s about to cry, but it’s not bad. It doesn’t hurt.
“I know I’m the only goddamn person around here trying to keep you from starving, but Lord help me if I’m not gonna try. Here. Special dessert, too.”
“No disrespect intended. Simply making a casual observation as someone who saw a man in green scrubs sprint to the medical bay a few minutes ago.”
Forty-eight hours have officially passed since he got to rehab -- it feels like it’s been ten years, not two days, but time passes differently in the beige labyrinth of Hope Valley. The hours are shorter, but the days are somehow longer. How every task feels simultaneously infinite and instantaneous is beyond Dean’s comprehension, but he knows that it doesn’t feel right. He’s only been here two days, but he can barely imagine a life outside of this anymore.
and Dean doesn’t really know what to do with that. When he gets to the door, the counselor smiles at him with a kindness so earnest that it almost makes Dean start hyperventilating again.
Dean looks desperately for an exit, even a window -- but they’re all high up or latched shut, and when Charlie runs out of the medical bay to ask him what’s wrong his pulse just skyrockets.
Dean watches the door shut, barely picking up the soft click of the buttons on the phone as Adam dials the number. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before he starts walking to his room again, mulling over the phrase.
Dean swallows and wipes his wrist across his brow to remove the sweat collecting there. The closer it gets to four, the more terrified he feels -- he doesn’t want to disappoint Sam. He’s doing this
Dean looks up for a second, meets his eyes. He nods, once, finally drawn out of his trance. They stare at each other for a second, and
He looks frantically around the room, makes eye contact with Dean before gazing back at Ellen. “You don’t know what any of us have done. Telling all of us to fucking forgive ourselves. Have you ever actually even hurt someone? Not made your husband mad or disappointed your mom or anything, but
Dean flips him the bird without looking up, trying desperately to hold onto his panini from earlier. He grabs for the notepad again.
Dean untangles his limbs from the sheets, strips off his scrubs and sits in his boxers for a second. He feels grimy, dried sweat sticky on his skin. His hair is greasy, and when he rubs his eyes he can feel dried tears on his cheeks.
The day after that, Dean sees Meg at Cas’s door again. And he was going to do it, he was ready, he made it
“Hi, Sammy,” he speaks into the quiet of the room. Dean closes his eyes and breathes out, then repeats it again, and again, and again. Finally, with a smile, he picks up the receiver.
Dean has settled into the cycle of every day. Get up, pills (except Charlie told him that’s gonna stop soon), breakfast with the other young patients on the ward, morning therapy with Bobby, lunch, afternoon hike or kicking everyone’s ass at watercolor painting, group therapy, some free time in the afternoon, dinner, another activity, and then fending off his nightmares. Toss a shower in there somewhere every now and then and that’s it -- a rock-solid, airtight schedule to keep all of his horrible thoughts away. And most of the time, he’s comfortable.
“You’re a fast runner. You ever do cross country in school?” Charlie asks, voice still bright and cheerful. Dean stays quiet, slowly coming back to full awareness of where he is and what he’s done.
So Dean just nods one more time, doesn’t react when Benny stands from his chair and sticks his hands back into his pockets. “See you around, brother.”
“Look. I spewed all of my shit to you. You can talk to me about feeling crappy. I’m kind of an expert.”
Nonchalantly, Castiel speaks from somewhere to Dean’s left. “What exactly have you felt that feels worse than going through withdrawal for the first time?”
“Sorry, I had to go near your radial nerve. Sensitive spot, I try to avoid it. Your veins were dodging me almost as fast as you did earlier,” she says, and Dean catches her eye and lifts one corner of his mouth up.
Cas rushes forward and pushes Dean’s shoulders, sends him careening back into the door. Alarm bells start going off in Dean’s head, the sensation of being pushed against the door immediately flinging him back to a freezing memory in a house in the middle of nowhere. He knows, logically, that Cas won’t hurt him -- but it doesn’t matter. Panic grips his entire body like a vise, and his throat closes.
Angry and searching for something to say, Dean huffs out a breath as he fumbles to collects his thoughts. “You talk to Anna every week!”
Cas tilts his head to the side, and Dean can’t read his expression but he can hear the warmth in his quiet voice. “Glad to see a fellow night-showerer.”
After Castiel shows Dean how to knot the threads together the right way, they work in silence for one hour. The work is simple enough that Dean can make a lot of progress in a little amount of time, but keeping the threads
In the corner, Adam turns red. Curled in on himself on the comically small seat, he looks even more like an awkward teenager than he did during the group session. He clears his throat and looks like he’s about to say something, then quickly changes his mind. He avoids Dean’s gaze and stares at his white hospital shoes instead, hands clasped together. There’s a small plate of pie next to him, half-finished.
Shifting awkwardly from foot to foot, Dean rubs his fingers over the two friendship bracelets adorning his wrist. It had been almost impossible to salvage the one from yesterday, but Cas was a master of his craft. Dean tries to not think about that too much, though -- Cas is just a nice guy. Sure, he spent the rest of their art therapy session yesterday untangling strings and reading Dean's gripes about how bitchy Sam had been. But he was just a nice guy. Everyone at Hope Valley was nice, for the most part; nothing special.
“That’s the narcotics male ward. Women’s alcohol and narcotics wards are on the second floors. No fraternization between the four except for some therapy sessions and crafting,” Bobby says, matching Dean’s gaze down the hall. “All the people on your ward are taking a hike right now, which is why it’s a damn ghost town. They’ll be back by the time we get you settled in your room.”
His natural response after opening up to anyone is to shut down, so that’s what he does. Dean sits in silence and allows his shoulders to drop down and forward, hunching in and trying to melt into his uncomfortable chair. He yearns for something to hold, anything to occupy his hands and eyes and brain -- distantly, he wonders if Sam would mail him a copy of
Dean briefly allows himself to be distracted by his friend’s torso -- but upon further inspection, he realizes that Castiel has clearly lost some weight. His broad shoulders seem a little narrower, his ribs almost visible under two tattoos in a language that Dean doesn’t recognize.
“Okay. Everyone, we’ve got a new member and our groups got changed up a little this week, so we’re gonna do introductions real quick. Zachariah, you can go first since you’re feeling so chatty.”
He turns, raises his eyebrows. Dean has been making a very solid effort to be less of an asshole to these people, even if he doesn’t really want to be there. But he’s running out of time, and he’s not going to be able to talk to Sam, and he’s going sound all worn out and disappointed on the other end of the line and it’s going to be
“Mm.” Dean lifts his arm to let Castiel scoot up against his side, resting his hand just above the sharp jut of Castiel’s hip. “Sleep. I got you.”
Castiel stares blankly at the thick fabric draped haphazardly over him, then at what had once been Dean’s bed a good distance away, now missing the blanket.
stands over Dean’s body with a blank smile, watching with vague interest as Castiel falls heavily to his knees in the dirt. And Castiel can’t stop the stuttering gasps that end in pitiful whimpers from bursting forth, collapsing forward to press his face to Dean’s still chest.
Dean pads into the kitchen — footsteps muffled by warm slippers — and makes a beeline for the fridge, intent on getting himself a nice, cold beer. He nearly drops the damn thing when he turns around and spots Castiel sitting at the table, hands curved around a steaming mug of coffee.
The once tedious motion of dragging his eyes across the page to read the neatly printed words gradually becomes less of a chore and Castiel starts turning pages in earnest, reading with increasing enthusiasm and interest as time passes. He genuinely forgets about Dean by the time he’s a few dozen pages into the book, too absorbed to notice anything about his surroundings. Castiel reads about the lives of well known artists from the past, hungrily devouring the images of their art.
Narrowed eyes blink slowly, warm glow of the sun reflected in deep endless blue. Abruptly, Castiel jerks his head up toward Dean’s hand; Sam yelps in alarm, bolting upright. Dean doesn’t flinch, doesn’t so much as move a muscle.
But Dean doesn’t. Instead, Dean — wonderful, lovely Dean — only hums a soft sound and murmurs, “Okay. Can I join you?”
Castiel then spends the next eight days restoring the Impala, working diligently through the hours of daylight.
A gentle hand stroking down his back startles Dean awake; he raises his head, blinking blearily at the figure crouched next to him.
— and Castiel shakes apart with a tiny, shocked sound. Dean takes his time licking Castiel clean, zipping up his fly and buckling his belt with great care.
Castiel’s a warm weight against Dean’s chest, blunt nails digging sharp crescents into his back. He’s crying into Dean’s shoulder, little gut wrenching whimpers cutting through his broken sobs, clutching onto Dean like he’s the only thing keeping Castiel from being swept away.
What Dean actually ends up doing is definitely not that. To Sam’s chagrin and Jack’s glee, Dean finds out Castiel’s reaction would be to hum a pleased purr and lick into Dean’s mouth like he’d only been waiting for permission.
Dean chuckles. “Relax, Cas. They’ve been wanting to meet you for ages, they’ll play nice.” He nudges open the barrier he had installed to prevent customers from wandering behind the counter. “Get over here, I’ve been wanting to kiss you since you walked in.”
punching identical groans from them both. Then, it’s not so great — a touch too dry, too much friction — but Castiel slips a loose hand up their combined lengths, his palm and fingers slick on the downstroke, smearing precome to ease the way, and Dean’s jaw falls slack with a moan he refuses to lend his voice to.
“Hush, pup,” the stranger croons, a saccharine imitation of kindness. He twists his fingers in a careless gesture and cold magic strips Dean of his voice, leaving him glaring silently in hatred. “Such a loyal pet— Would it die for you, Castiel?”
And yet. He knows those hands see their fair share of dirt and blood. He knows they’re only about as clean as his own. He
The room is empty, sofas devoid of anything beyond their own cushions and a few plush fleece blankets. Dean is giving the space one more half hearted glance, already turning in preparation to search the rest of the house, when he spots a socked foot sticking out from behind the largest sofa.
“Oh, uh— Sorry, I just—” Dean withdraws his hand. “Lemme torch these” — he gestures at the bloodstained paper towels — “and we can go.”
“Oh, I’m supposed to tell you Jess is coming later— We all know how you get when we’re not here, even though you never let us help you cook.”
“Beautiful,” Castiel growls as he settles his hands right on the delicate lace sitting low on Dean’s hips, “so
“Dean, welcome,” Bobby greets, smiling warmly at the pair. “Sit down, I’ll grab you a slice of pie. Kiddo, you want one?”
Spiteful in a wickedly childish way, Castiel forces himself to focus on his book, ignoring Dean. He doesn’t know if he’s trying to get Dean irritated, or if he’s trying to spare Dean from anything unkind he might say in the heat of the moment.
Arching his back, Castiel shivers. “Good,” he purrs, leaning forward to press a wet kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw.
“I can do that,” Castiel mutters. He just about collapses onto his back, sprawling bonelessly where he lands.
Dean longs to kiss their combined taste off Castiel’s lips. Instead, he digs his nails into his palm. The ache of his bruised body doesn’t seem to matter so much anymore as he watches Castiel leave the bathroom.
