Sherlock was hung-over. There was no other word for it. His head was pounding, his throat felt dry, and everything was way too loud.
A short grumble made its way through Hamish’s tummy and he stood, frowning. Papa would have crackers, he thought, toddling towards the door. Or if he didn’t, he could put money into one of the magic machines downstairs that just
“John!” the girl smiled, running over as her brown hair flew out behind her, and John took a minute to stare at her.
“It does help the boredom,” Sherlock smiles. He doesn’t understand why John is shaking with his arms around him. He never will.
I’ll take it.
aaaaaaaaaaaaand we're back, people. Look alive, break's over. Did you miss me? ;)
on Joan’s couch, right before she’d offered to pull Sherlock’s unruly mop of hair back into a braid.
actually needed it-
Just a little public service announcement. This is a chapter story- it's got a long way to go, don't worry! Although the support has been amazing, you guys are the best :)
“My brother and I moved to Bushwick after my first year of high school,” she offered, deliberately not answering the question. Joan knew she lived with her brother; his looming presence had come up once in a conversation. Conversely, she knew Joan had a sister named Harriet who was older and had taught Joan all the secrets of the New York Queer community before packing up and heading out to San Francisco. But she’d never explained that she lived with only her brother.
“Do you wanna go give Daddy a hug?” John whispered and Hamish let go of John’s hand to run at Sherlock’s knees. The genius seemed surprised by the impact but he quickly bent and scooped the little boy up, holding him close.
“Any particular reason you’re listing the elements?” John asked, propping himself up on his elbows and then stumbling back as he arched beneath Sherlock’s fingers as the genius found his prostate like he was trained to.
and he could drown out that voice in his ear that sounded suspiciously like Seb reminding him unnecessarily that he was a rather awkward, crow thing of a boy.
“Christ, you’re beautiful,” John groaned, arching into Sherlock’s mouth, and then his vision whited out as he came, fist stuffed in his mouth to keep himself quiet.
with people. Sherlock could make any idiot trust him with three perfectly crafted sentences, but John didn’t even have to
“Your first time wasn’t consensual,” Sherlock put forth and John didn’t rush to contradict him.
Sherlock felt like he was breaking.
It didn’t bear explaining, nor could it bear being looked at too closely. Instead, Sherlock found her panties on the bed and slipped them on so she could pad across the room and dance, just as shirtless and maybe just as happy, with Joan.
“It would appear we are,” Sherlock offered and then his fingers were inside John’s trousers , crawling on the outsides of his pants. John shivered as they traced the lines of his rapidly-filling erection and then his bollocks, drifting slightly lower and suddenly their eyes met. Even in the near-complete darkness, John could see the want in Sherlock’s eyes, could see the unconcealed desire, and he was suddenly frightened.
“I mean… well the internet said… that sometimes summer relationships are just… summer things,” Sherlock tried to explain haltingly. It was as though his tongue refused to cooperate in his mouth, an awkward, unwieldy thing. He didn’t want to be having this conversation. He wanted to pretend everything was normal and close his eyes.
“Anywhere, honestly, just knowing it’s you is enough-” Joan said and Sherlock touched her neck and her stomach. She ran a hand along the bottom of Joan’s breast, felt the shape and the weight of it in her palm. She rubbed a finger over Joan’s nipple to watch her arch into it and moan and then, as Sherlock could see her getting close, she moved her hand to the front of Joan’s underwear, just on top of Joan’s and separated from her by only the thin pull of fabric and felt Joan clench and shiver and come with a quiet noise that she hid in the skin of Sherlock’s chest.
“Never,” Sherlock grinned manically, and it rather made the story. “They say he still haunts the swimming pool, searching for the man who killed him.”
They were still laughing when Harry and Mycroft came in. Harry passed by the kitchen without a second glance but Mycroft paused in the doorway, taking in the two boys. He was silent a moment before shaking his head.
Sherlock drew back a moment, only to murmur in his ear, “Condoms are on the table.”
Chloe went back to holding Sherlock’s hand. “Will you be there?” she checked. Since he’d rescued her, Sherlock had become her new deity. He nodded and she squeezed back. “Okay,” she agreed and John heard a sigh of relief from behind them. Lestrade.
John wanted to drop his head into his hands. “Yes, that probably has something to do with his Uncle Greg, the cop from before. Maybe he took Hamish for a ride in one; I can’t remember. But Hamish has never been arrested, nor have I or my husband.”
“Hey, put that down!” he yelled at an unresponsive man in blue as he lifted up the couch cushions. Another woman popped open Sherlock’s violin case and Hamish ran towards her. “Leave that alone!” he demanded, confused. He watched the ransacking of his home for a few more minutes, utterly speechless, before turning to his uncle. “Uncle Greg, why are you letting them do this?”
“What do people usually say?” John said, taking the bait.
“Yeah, who’s this?’ he asked, sitting up in bed. He could faintly see the outline of his dresser-drawers in front of his door, could faintly hear screaming downstairs.
“Maybe,” John says and Sherlock keeps it, giving it space in the memory palace. He keeps the memory of Lily’s soft breaths, like clouds, across his face. And he keeps the picture of John with Lily in his arms, holding her like he was complete.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Greg said Hamish is by you,” John said and Mycroft knew it was a question, laced with the obvious
“I have a job for you, Hamish,” he directed from the front, never taking his hands off the wheel. The first time they’d gotten into a car together, John had been nervous about letting Sherlock drive. He figured the man would only drive like he lived, distracted or maniacal. But Sherlock behind the wheel was a steady beast, patient and in control.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You were right,” Mycroft said back calmly and John stared at him. “We have this habit of acting like rather immature children around each other.”
“Yes! Brilliant John, you are brilliant,” Sherlock cried and John grinned back at him. “He should have started
“I promise,” he choked out and he felt John visibly relax on top of him.
You do, obviously.
“You are utterly ridiculous,” Sherlock laughed against him.
“For god’s sake!” Sally cried out, throwing her hands into her hair. “Sir, you cannot be agreeing to this. You know Holmes, he’ll end up grilling her for hours-“
Sherlock told them about Budapest and Moscow, about New York and Paris. He censored parts, for Hamish mostly, but John understood what was left unsaid. John spoke too, of meeting Mary and a wedding in a church hall. He laughed at how he’d half expected Sherlock to burst in and stop the wedding. Sherlock did not mention that at the time he’d had his hands deep in the chest cavity of a near-dead assassin, demanding information.
“It’s old English, I think,” she offered. “My family’s originally from York.”
“Jim dealt drugs,” Sherlock said like it was no big deal. “He kept telling me to try. Told me it would quiet my mind. Streamline me. Make me… normal. Make me pass for normal.
When John came home, his husband and son were together in the living room, Sherlock standing with his violin and Hamish by his Cello, and he felt his breath catch. He’d never seen the two play together, Hamish refused on principle to be associated with his father’s instrument, but this was pure perfection. It was like watching two sprites, pale and dark-haired, utterly lost together.
“We’ll talk with Hamish about this,” John assured her and she nodded absentmindedly, still swaying from the severed head business.
Sherlock had expected Joan to drop her hand once they were all in the same place, singing the songs they’d learned and swaying together as one mass but she didn’t. She held on all through the protest, through the next hour, and then later on the train home, all of them squeezing themselves into a corner of the car, laughing and sharing their stories of the march- Joan was still holding her hand.
thought, as John’s fingers unbuttoned his suit bottoms and drew them down, letting them wrinkle on the bathroom floor. Sherlock profoundly did not care.
“Not yet,” Sherlock grumbled and Joan laughed, leading to their table. “Speaking of, I pickpocketed Mr. Mark earlier today when he was helping the group at the table next to mine-
“Don’t you dare,” the paramedic ordered as a second set of sirens grew closer and a panda car pulled up behind the ambulance.
“Brother-in-law, obviously,” he said and this time Sherlock did turn. “Careful- you’ll ruin the braid.”
Mycroft sighed. “John, I’m sure my brother would find reason to hate me no matter what I’d told Hamish.”
“I don’t understand why it upsets you, but I will stop,” Sherlock said, breaking John out of his reverie and the doctor could cry with relief.
“Laurel wouldn’t,” Hamish promised her. “And there’s no way I can keep this from my Dad. And once he knows-“
dating?”
“I didn’t know you were coming!” Sherlock cries, muffled in John’s shirt. He smells the same, honey over sunshine.
“Ah,” Mycroft said softly and Sherlock hated him. “You did something stupid, didn’t you?”
“Love, I’m so sorry. I’m so bloody sorry.”
Eventually, to spare the ears of the other parents and children, John had given in and taken the small boy home where he promptly rushed into his father’s arms.
“I’d like to,” one of the pencil-pushers in a pleated skirt, Grace maybe?, spoke up and a few girls came over to Marta to sign their names and fish a few dollars out of their purses. Joan waited patiently in line to sign her own name and address before dragging Sherlock over to grab a cup of what appeared to be cheap, red wine before an older woman stood up on a chair to usher them towards the circle of chairs.
“That’s not what people usually say,” he said softly as his stomach back flipped and he felt himself getting pulled deeper and deeper into something unnamed.
John kissed his son’s head. “You wouldn’t want to come with us, love. We’re just going to be sleeping a lot.”
“A lot of you read what Sally Kempton said last year. It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head. It’s hard to stop thinking of ourselves the way men wants us to. But we’re better than this. How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete? How good does a woman have to be before she gets the same rights as anybody else? We all in the school get stuck taking Home Ec while the boys gets physics. We get shuttled off to be teachers and mothers while they get to be doctors, lawyers, engineers. We deserve better. And the only way we’ll get better is by working together.
“God, where the hell did you learn that?” John moaned, head thrown back, as Sherlock teeth grazed the underside of his cock.
“Hello Hamish,” Mycroft greeted carefully, hands uncertain. As much as John encouraged his brother-in-law to hug his nephew, ever since the boy was in diapers, Mycroft always seemed uncomfortable with Hamish as though scared he might spit up on him and run.
“How?” Sherlock asked, honestly puzzled. “You don’t have
She puts her tea cup down. “Then I get a glass of water so he has a minute to pull himself together. He doesn’t want me to see him like that, I understand. It’s not that he doesn’t trust me. He’s more vulnerable in that moment than he’ll ever be. He needs a minute. By the time I come back, he’s better. He drinks. Sometimes we talk. Sometimes we go right back to bed. Depends how bad it was.”
John can’t even say it, can’t even speak it. “One of the guys we brought in said him name was Anzi.”
That’s when he spotted them, two teens coming over to him from the crowd, and his throat ran dry.
“Do you want to shower?” Joan asked, focusing Sherlock and the younger girl nodded.
“You’re the best, Papa,” Hamish cheered, rushing to hug his father before racing upstairs, talking animatedly to himself as he ran.
Sherlock shifted immediately and John shot up, stuffing the shirt back in his mouth just in time. Sherlock’s fingers sunk into his hips and the new angle meant he was hitting John perfectly more often than not and the rocks in his back weren’t even bothering him anymore as he braced his feet on the tent floor and rocked up, prompted a moan from Sherlock that he quickly muffled with his fist.
“I told him I was joining the army.”
“Killed by her fiancé. Don’t worry, I’ll text Lestrade,” Sherlock said and then went back to attacking John’s neck.
In a moment of pure whimsy, he awkwardly blew her a kiss and she reached out to catch it like John had taught her. Still giggling, she allowed herself to be led into the room and then the door shut.
“I know Sherlock.”
Now, she stood at the base of the ‘bed’ and watched her brother sleep for a moment, ever shrinking beneath the thin sheet, his red hair a rat’s nest atop his pillow. He had always slept like a starfish, even back when she’d been four and afraid of thunderstorms, crawling into bed with him. He always let her, never questioning why she didn’t bother their parents’ bed, and made enough space for her to cuddle herself into his edges. In the morning she’d find herself crushed beneath an extended arm or once, memorably, a leg. But she never minded, feeling as safe as she ever felt in those sunlit moments, the world calm post-storm.
On a more personal note: all your comments, kudos and love staggers me on a daily basis. I love all you guys so much. This is as much your story as mine. Thank you so much. XOXOXO- Shay
“This is my room?” he said, eyes blown wide.
“Papa!” Hamish exclaimed. “Are you having a good holiday?”
“You’re so beautiful,” Joan said and Sherlock didn’t know how to respond, so instead she reached out to tug at the black tee and Joan took it off just as quickly until they were both sitting on the bed in their underwear and Joan in her gray sports bra, watching each other. Sherlock looked at the spattering of freckles on Joan’s right rib and the scar above her panties from an appendectomy as a child. Much of the remaining skin was covered in a scale of semi-healed bruises from soccer and Sherlock could deduce the plays that had earned Joan each one. When she looked up to meet Joan’s eye, Joan waggled her eyebrows at her and she couldn’t help laughing. It wasn’t sex, Sherlock reminded herself, it was sex with Joan who was her best friend, her shadow and to whose image Sherlock had been getting herself off to for months now in the privacy of her small room in the apartment she shared with Mycroft.
Hamish reached out and hugged his father. Sherlock startled before gently winding his own arms around Hamish’s back,  slipping a glove off so he could rub lightly at the back of his son’s neck. “I always wanted to be just like you when I grew up,” Hamish explained into his father’s chest. “Just, minus the chemistry.”
unspoken but understood nevertheless.
“True.”
“Maybe he’s trying to apologize.”
“Space-ghetti,” Hamish repeated diligently and then turned back to his far more cognizant and reasonable parent. “Can we go back to playing, Papa?”
“Please don’t say piano; Mycroft plays piano,” Sherlock begged and Hamish shook his head.
Sherlock crawled over to him, wrapping his arms around John’s folded legs, resting his head on his knees. “You are the best man I’ve ever known, John Watson.”
“That’s a word,” John smiled and pulled on his shirt, another hand-me-down tee that fell awkwardly around his torso, making him look wider, awkward in his own skin. “Did you say dinner?”
Sherlock froze. John walked on for a minute before he noticed and turned around.
“The Met doesn’t take citizen advice in solving cases and especially not the advice of teenagers, you understand,” Lestrade tried but Sherlock was frozen and John wanted nothing more than to bundle him up back to their rooms and remind him just how brilliant he was.
The first time he shoots a gun at a target, it’s exhilarating. And so he does it again. And again and again until his arm is numb and the captain tells him he’s free to go. Back to his bunk, of course, nowhere else. That’s his new definition of freedom.
“Everyone, go pack a bag,” Cynthia smiled, oblivious to the chaos at the end of the table. “We’ll drive down to Devon and spend a night. Make sure to pack your swimsuits!”
“Do you really think someone like me didn’t have anything better to do than play drug dealer to spoiled rich kids?” Jim said, grinning at the look of horror that spread across Sherlock’s face. “Or did you really think you were that important?”
Year Eleven was the year John made the rugby team and his life became a mess of practices and matches. It was the year John made a brand new set of friends, ones who wanted nothing more than to grow up and get jobs and buy cars. Sherlock hated rugby with the passion of the uninterested, but he sat on the metal benches through every practice and read his book so that as soon as John finished showering, they could leave together.
“I’m glad I’m here with you,” Hamish told her softly as they passed by two little children dressed in robes.
the boy said stonily. “I called you and your little poof,
“You shall address me as ‘your majesty’ from this point forward,” she ordered and John barked out a laugh as she moved aside.
The six-year-old chuckled to himself. “All right,” he had the spaceman agree, “as long as you don’t keep any of them in the fridge near our space-food.”
Why wasn’t this
“My dad died eight years ago,” John confessed, and he knew instinctively the smile that stayed on Sherlock’s face wasn’t insensitivity but just giddiness at being right. “And Harry does have a bit of a drinking problem.”
“Well, yes,” Mrs. Emily started awkwardly, fiddling with the papers on her desk.
“Can we try that again, then?” she asked softly in the sunlight kitchen and Sherlock was nodding before she even realized it as Joan reached out and took her face in both her hands
“What an utter bore,” he shot at his younger brother. “I’d have to buy a whole new suit for your funeral.”
“I’d rather sleep on the street.”
“Fathers, I love you,” Hamish tried starting and naturally, that was when it all fell apart.
overdose? How is an overdose minor?”
Sherlock pointedly ignored him and fished out a cooked ham from the cooler. “Not your general diet but we do hope you forgive us,” he excused as the bear eyed the ham. “Bon appetite.” Sherlock threw the ham to the bear and Cesare picked it up. Both teens held their breath as he sniffed at it and then picked it up in his jaws, lumbering away.
“So that’s where my stuff went,” he muttered and the boys shot each other matching horrified faces as Mycroft waltzed from the room, eager to tell Harry.
“Of course I do. I’m a teenage boy. That is literally all I think about.”
“I guess you’re kept up on the camp gossip mill,” John joked, unsure of himself.
Joan had said from her perch on the stool opposite Sherlock, her elbows resting on the cool stone table.
“I understand the world can’t be quite as smart as me, but would it break your tiny mind John to just
John needed to go, John would be happy and John needed to be happy.
“Check when Papa come home!” Hamish begged, toddling over to him before his sobbing body gave out and he crumpled to the floor too, staring at his father with watery eyes.
“Terrible idea,” John says, reading it in Sherlock’s eyes.
He stepped forward, blocking John from view, and the implications were obvious. “And you are just a bitter, old man.”
“Yes, I am new,” he confessed and John shook his hand. “Sherlock Holmes.”
“Moriarty sends his regards,” Sherlock said once they started moving and Mycroft nodded.
“Sherlock,” John said softly and Sherlock looked at him. “Come here.”
"Your father has moments of real intelligence on occasion," Sherlock spoke up from the doorway and for a minute Hamish felt completely surrounded by pure, unfiltered love in a way he hadn't since he was young enough to crawl into a thunder-prompted cuddle pile.
“I came to Eton when I was thirteen,” he started, his voice even. “I thought it would be a fresh start. Can you believe that? Fresh starts are incredibly romantic and inherently false. You don’t just become a new person because you’re in a different place.
“Well it’s big, which means the people that live there are probably rich,” he decided and Sherlock nodded.
“George, take over Sherlock’s position,” Riley instructed over the radio and a boy in a kayak rowed over to stay where Sherlock just was. Riley blew the whistle and picked up the megaphone to call out, “You can keep swimming,” as Sherlock and Harry pulled into the small sandbar.
His Pa just smiled at him. “We would not have missed this for the world,” he swore and Hamish felt his heart lift.
On the night of the 28
“We are going to come home with you
His husband only let out a low breath. “This is what happens when you let your phone die,” he bristled, and Sherlock was 98% sure John’s misplaced anger was not because Sherlock had forgotten to charge his mobile. Chances were it had something to do with the icepack.
“Thank you,” John said at the door. It was the first words they spoken to each other since the lake but neither had felt awkward in the silence.
“Oliver was being held over a fish tank,” Harry informed him.
And then Sherlock followed the two boys out of the fair ground and into the waiting black car.
“I know,” Sherlock blurted out unthinking, just staring at the hand. “We had chemistry together last year.”
John let out a huff of breath. “For the best probably. Though Sherlock will hate you for it; he believes we should always be completely honest with Hamish.”
John sighed. “Shame,” he said stripping off his tank, “such a waste of a huge tub.”
Mycroft gave him the very same suffering-mortals look Sherlock so loved. John wouldn’t have been surprised if he’d learned it from his older brother. “Must I always have ulterior motives?”
The officer took in their clasped hands and nodded, a bit surprised. “Well, if you start hurting come down to the front,” he told them and walked off.
Sarah laughed. “You never turn it off, do you? Your little nurturing complex.”
“I’m sorry,” John said softly as they drove.
“Hamish, millions of people play the violin-“Sherlock tried but Hamish cut him off.
She giggled. “I set them on my sofa and made them tea. I was curious how your Dad knew that about me and he explained, based on the contents of my recovered wallet. We talked about it, they explained why they wanted children so badly. They were so desperate for you Hamish, you should understand,” Annemarie explained and Hamish felt his eyes begin to water.
“I miss you in my dreams.”
of it and I can’t lose it John. Not now that I know there’s something more.”
Sherlock took his violin from his desk and raised it to his chin, closing his eyes. He wrote this piece in a haze of tubes and drugs meant to save his life from other drugs, in the mother of all ironies.
Sarah picked him up twenty minutes after he called in a camp van. She took him in, looking him up and down, as he climbed in the van, and sighed.
“Sherlock, I was starting to think you’d never call back.”
“Where were you?” he asked, trying for casual but missing the mark by a mile.
he thought grumpily but John was already in front of him, slowly unbuttoning the younger boy’s shirt. “Have you ever gone skinny dipping?”
“I’ve never dealt with a murderer so far who killed via shrubbery, so it never paid to learn,” Sherlock responded, noting the way the moss grew on the north side of the trees.
“Don’t pretend like you don’t know,” he accused. “You’re a murderer!”
Jordan let of John with a squeeze and clambered onto the bus. John couldn’t quite meet Sherlock’s eye, he had a feeling that if he did he might burst into tears.
Victor doesn’t make his heart feel whole.
“No, once I’ve gone home,” she said and Joan giggled, stuck her tongue out at her.  It was juvenile and not particularly clever of a response and Sherlock loved her.
“Hey,” John asked Mike in a whisper as they helped their kids shower and climb into bed, “if I sneak out at like 2 am when the boys are all asleep, would you mind?”
He bent and picked Hamish up, intending to place him in his highchair, when the toddler promptly kicked him in the chest.
“You have to be very patient,” she instructs, sipping her tea. “It’s never going to disappear, just ease up a bit.”
“God, that thing was four stories,” she reminisced, smirking at him. “And I did it. Got friction burn all up the insides of my thighs.”
To his credit, the paramedic didn’t so much as blink. “We’ll get them for you. What’s your name again?”
Violet smiled. “He drove into town with Daddy to get a few things. He said goodbye to you and everything.”
he wanted to tell him.
“Mycroft found out when I was sixteen. Took a while, but I got clean in March,” he smiled softly, his usual angles fading into something gentler, something you could hug without fear of being cut. “This camp was supposed to be penance, you know? Proof I could be normal and sober on my own. Can’t say I haven’t been tempted to cheat but-“
come back next summer.”
“It was only logical,” Sherlock tried to keep his voice even. “I don’t own any… casual wear,” he said, spitting out the word
Hamish listened to twenty seconds of shuffling and two muffled moans and then his Da was on the phone. “Hamish, I am an idiot,” Sherlock panted. “But we’ll be there. We just need to-“
“Takes one to know one,” Sherlock mumbled to John, who bit back a laugh, as Victoria took over.
But Joan looked undaunted. “Think you can manage the one?” she challenged.
Armchair-goon made a move and Hamish trained the gun on him with the best dead-eye stare he could muster. “Do you really think I don’t know how to use this?” he lied and the two goons seemed to buy it. “My Pa is Captain John Watson, of her majesty’s fucking army. And my Da- well, you two know all about just how stone-cold he is. Do you really think they haven’t been teaching me how to use a gun since infancy? So shut up and sit on the fucking couch.”
“When you have a fever, you sometimes have disturbing dreams,” Sherlock explained and Hamish nodded even though Sherlock was 90% sure the boy had no idea what ‘disturbing’ meant. “It means we should give you more medicine.”
“We haven’t had swim yet,” Mike pointed out, and they were already four days into first half. “Should we take them back first to change?”
Her body felt like a shell, by the end of it, hollow and brittle, and she swayed as she tried to struggle up afterwards, stumbling just slightly as she righted herself and turned to find Joan standing a few paces behind her, holding her coat and watching.
“You know that you do that out loud, right?” she asked, still glaring at the reports and Joan giggled.
“No, I swear more when I’ve just been teased open and then allowed to sit here, unfucked,” he said and Sherlock grinned at him. “So stop faffing around and get on with it.”
“Last match guys, and then bed,” John threatened, still smiling, and the boys detached themselves to egg Sam and Harry on.
“No, not yet,” John begged and Sherlock turned. “Let me catch my breath.”
but he was tired of lying. He meant it. And now Sherlock knew.
“I can’t leave a mystery half-solved,” is what she settled on and yes, that was sufficiently Sherlock, enough so that Joan looked at her with understanding rather than anger
“Let’s get you washed up and then I’ll tell you a story,” she promised and Hamish followed behind her like a lone duckling waddling after its mother. She helped him climb the steps to the bathroom sink and watched him wash the flour out from under his fingers. The shirt was beyond saving.
Mycroft stared at her, his eyes unreadable.
“I’m not a girl, John,” Sherlock groaned.
But of course the universe didn’t like Sherlock to be happy for long, and Sherlock knew it was disaster brewing when Victoria announced at breakfast,
“Yes it will,” he said honestly.
“You’re an idiot,” he choked out because he’d started
“Sherlock,” Joan started, then stopped herself. “You don’t have to tell me. I was wrong, to force you, and I’m so sorry-“
“You big sloth,” she teased and Mycroft flushed. “It’ll be fun.”
“You are going to end up trying so hard not to be him that you’re going to forget to be you,” he cautioned and Hamish let that soak in. “Now where do you want to go?”
“Oi, but is there any cake?” he asked and Mycroft slapped his arm. And John laughed, leaning against Sherlock, and neither one felt much like letting go.
Joan spun around immediately. “Sherlock!” she beamed, Mary’s hand still just underneath her waistline. “What’s up?”
He had no idea if this was alright; he was lying through his goddamn teeth. But Sherlock, unfailingly observant Sherlock, bought it hook, line and sinker. The books had warned him it would hurt but there were tears pricking the corners of Sherlock’s eyes and John was simultaneously the worst person in the world and the most turned on he had ever been.
“More drinks?” Joan smirked, now a little unsteady after her and Sherlock’s beer. Sherlock opened her mouth to reply when a smooth voice interjected,
Sherlock breathed in and out. “May require further experimentation,” she said at last, a joke from their first kiss, and beside her Joan laughed.
Sherlock took the two steps needs to reach John and John kissed him carefully.
“Now say hello,” John said straight faced and Sherlock couldn’t help laughing, one dry chuckle.
Sherlock reached up an investigatory hand to the back of her skull. It felt tender to the touch but there was no cut or blood. “Sore,” she said honestly and Joan nodded.
Sherlock grabs both their erections, wet and lubed in the warm water, and groans into John’s mouth. John joins him, linking hands, and they come against each other, Sherlock’s nipple in John’s teeth as he arches into the older man.
“John?” Sherlock asked softly and John hmmmd. “Who did you have sex with?”
“Oh Sherlock, she likes you.”
Hey Mike. Thanks. I’m okay, really. Have I really been acting like the dead?
“Precipitation,” John sounded out for him and Hamish mouthed the word. “And I think Mrs. Emily was just being silly. Are you sure you want to go home?”
Caught off-guard, the pre-teen stammered out an answer. “No. It was six against one, I never stood a chance.”
she stated. “
*Phone call- 9 pm*
“Relax,” he insisted and Sherlock did, back against the leather seat, “this will be fun. I’m an expert camper.”
“Six days you berk!”
An hour in found them in the middle of the crowd, singing along to a protest song Joan had taught them back at school, when suddenly Joan’s grip on her hand grew tighter.
“Noted,” Sherlock moaned and then pushed the older boy off of him. “Now do try to restrain yourself a minute.”
What was going on, between her and Joan? Joan was touchy, yes, and affectionate with her hair ruffles and hand holding and all pressed against each other at parties and on trains- all signs her crush on Sherlock had yet to fully fade. That was standard but what wasn’t was Sherlock’s reaction to it all. She should be feeling annoyed or, at most generous, resigned to the touching and sweet words but instead she felt-
“Dear god, I love you.”
John burst out laughing as Sherlock stared, unsure just where he’d gone wrong. “Close enough, love,” John promised Sherlock, rubbing his thigh. “Let him have this.”
“They should be grateful. I could save their lives with this experiment,” Sherlock shrugged, going back to his tubes.
Sherlock moaned equally as loud, the name echoing off the surrounding trees and he felt John grin against his offered neck.
“Long day?” John teased as Sherlock crawled over and moved to straddle him, arms winding around John’s neck.
about the more physical side of their relationship. No holding hands in public. No stray kisses. Not so much as a wink.
But it did! I'm actually okay ending this here. I have this whole headcannon about the bright life of Hamish Watson and how he became an actor, had a baby and all that fun stuff that I'd love to write. But at that point I'm writing the life story of an original character and that's not really fanfiction. Also not something you'd guys wanna read. So in my heart it stays.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mentions of not-so-safe drug use
all this?” Sherlock asked in wonder as John finger-fucked him into the mattress.
Sherlock scanned the bear, taking it in. “Fur’s matted, water remnants around the eyes, mud on the paws but no blood in the claws-“
“I was supposed to watch you,” John said.
“Oh believe me, it was my pleasure,” Sherlock smiled at him and they parted, John squishing into his dark and silent bunk. He showered quickly and climbed into bed, still grinning like a madman.
“I am inside you,” Sherlock teases, leaning up to kiss John slow, tongue-fucking him into the pillow.
But whatever else she had to say was lost as Sherlock curled over herself again to throw up. This last one wracked her body and she shivered as she vomited in the cold New York air. Someone yelled “Drunk sluts!” from a passing cab and Sherlock was sure she’d never felt so miserable in her life.
“Here is my number,” Shulamith said. “Please be in touch. We have meetings a few times a month and I would love
“That was absolutely not my fault,” she said and oddly enough she didn’t feel betrayed or defensive but…amused. This was how she and Mycroft used to banter, back when they were children, back before this huge, stone wall had been erected between them. “How was I supposed to know that the lion doesn’t eat the lamb?”
“Hamish,” his Da answered immediately before adding, “But that is not the issue. A little bit of training and he’ll be the safest boy in England. I’ll have Mycroft up surveillance,” and Hamish winced at how much that must hurt his father.
They’d been sitting there, fourteen year old girls in their pressed uniform skirts dutifully faced forward, when Lauren Hillcot had expressed anger at the film they were meant to be watching. How was this educational, she ranted, watching a movie about an abused woman who stays with her husband? How was it okay to sit here and learn from a scared women with a black eye?
“Joan I-“ Sherlock froze at the multitude of fully un-Sherlock things her mouth insisted she say,
“I take it you’re ready for the Kamikaze?” John teased and Sherlock grabbed his hand, pulling them forward.
Mike and John put their campers to sleep at ten, and Nichole showed up at eleven with a chair and a book.
John looked up at Sherlock through heavy lids. “I have to confess,” he whispered, a smile lurking in the corner of his mouth, “I’ve never done this before.”
“Hamish. To what do I owe this pleasure?” he prompted and Hamish crossed his arms.
“Papa come home now,” Hamish demanded and Sherlock had forgotten how bloody difficult it was to rationalize with a toddler.
“Satisfied?” Sherlock said and John knew it was meant to be sarcastic and cutting but it came out weak and trembling and John lost it as he wrapped Sherlock in his arms and let his head hit the younger boy’s shoulder.
a voice in his head that sounded suspiciously like his mother prompted.
“Sherlock I’m sorry, that was awful. Just pick up your phone. Or just text me you’re alright. You can be mad at me, that’s fine. You don’t even have to talk to me. Just let me know you’re not doing anything stupid.”
“So how have you been?” Hamish asked as they stood in line for the Escape from Gringotts, two hours in to a three hour wait.
“No you are not,” John grinned and Sherlock felt heat pool in the bottom of his stomach, despite the fact that he
Both John and Hamish blinked. “Your Daddy is right,” John said, surprised a bit. “And we both love you very much.”
They went walking up the Southside trail, John slowing down to tell Sherlock all the names of the plants and trees. Sherlock absorbed all of it with obvious interest, for the few areas Sherlock knew nothing about he made a point to listen intently when they were being taught to him.
“You are an amazing liar,” John choked out as his knees went numb.
“Have you eaten today?” Hamish asked, padding into the kitchen. “I’ll make you dinner.”
“Thank you Jones,” Mycroft said briskly, shaking the man’s hand and the man got into his car and drove off without a comment. But John barely noticed as he fell upon Sherlock.
“That’s why Marcie and Kelsie don’t give you a hard time about ditching them for me,” she continued, hating how much all of this hurt her but needing to be told she was right. “They think you’re trying to chat me up, get me to sleep with you.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock let out, surprised to find how much she was. “I was out with friends and I lost track of time.”
“You love the kids, but even if you hated them you’d work here, you need the money. Single mother, father left, no- died. Have one sibling, younger or they’d be working here too. But not much younger, father’s death was not recent. I’d say two years,” he said and John’s face told him everything he needed.
“It’s okay if you don’t want to come to meetings. I get it. You’re totally wiggin’ but I get it. But, I mean, we could still talk.”
He mourns to, in his own way, for the woman who let him sleep in her house and sent him camping and gave his relationship with Sherlock her blessing. He mourns and he feels useless.
Sherlock sighed. “Close enough,” he conceded, ruffling Hamish’s hair as John came in through the open door.
Sherlock blinked at her and that seemed to give Joan the bravery to keep going. “I hang out with you because I like hanging out with you and I want to be your friend. Just your friend. Really, whatever you want. But I am so, so good with just friendship.”
“You know your Papa tried flirting with her the first time he met her too,” he noted. “Must run in the family.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Opera music began to drift into the bathroom from a set of speakers in the celling corners and Sherlock reached up to wipe his eyes with his sleeve.
And then it hit John like a ton of bricks.
“Sherlock. Sherlock-“ Joan was tapping her on the arm and she blinked herself back into the focus.
“Good,” John said awkwardly.
Later, after Hamish moved on to play blocks and Alice had been set down in a bassinet, the adults moved to the couch. John and Sherlock faced each other, as if no time had passed, and Mary watched them carefully from a chair. She knew, in the way all good wives know, when someone meant to take her husband away. She refused to let that happen.
“Yes love, you are,” John agreed, walking in next to his sister and the two of them high-fived. Sherlock blinked.
“Harry please-“ Mycroft murmured and John had heard enough. He spun around and made his way back to Sherlock’s room where he found him coaxing two mice back into a cage.
Sherlock chose that moment to walk back in with three cups of tea balanced precariously between his two hands. John took one and Sherlock handed the smallest mug to Hamish, who cupped it carefully, looking down at it endearingly. Sherlock adjusted the remaining cup in his own hands and perched on the arm of John’s chair.
god!” Joan gasped in her ear, letting her go only to marvel at her. “You were in
“Well, maybe we can put kissy stickers on Marcie McDonald’s card,” he suggested slyly and his parents shared a look.
“I’ll let you know how it goes,” Sherlock promised and Joan clambered over to give her a quick hug before jogging towards the exit.
“Really? I didn’t know they made whale sizes,” he teased and Victoria shot them both withering looks.
John sighed. “Hamish, Daddy and I already told you. There are no such things as monsters,” he explained for the fourth time that evening. “Daddy made a pie chart and everything.”
Sherlock shot him a look that clearly read
“We are never having play dates here again,” he vowed,voice muffled against Sherlock's chest and all Sherlock could do was nod as an ominous crash came from upstairs, followed by a tentative, “Papa? ‘Member how you said you’d always love me no matter what?”
“I noticed,” Sherlock shrugged, utterly puzzled by John’s reaction. But his next response blew Sherlock out of the water.
“None taken,” John shuddered.
*Video call 8:30 pm*
“It was genius, really, to use the impact of the ground to disguise the actual cut marks,” she agreed. “But if he’d really been clever, he would have beaten her to death rather than stab her. The bruising would have blended almost seamlessly.”
It's here my lovelies! It's finally here! <3 The moment we've all been waiting for...
“You eat far too many green vegetables,” Sherlock scolded and John laughed quietly. They were bizarre, and quite a bit mental, he realized and it thrilled him more than it had any right to do. John began to think he might not be quite sane. He had never been happier.
John nodded and both boys thundered back upstairs, louder than a stampede. Sherlock looked up at him, holding out two hands in the universal gesture of supplication and John reached down to help him up.
“Both,” Sherlock gasped out and smiled as his fingers, which had been busy between them, undid John’s belt and buttons. He tugged John’s trousers off, letting them fall to the filthy floor and then looked up at John. His eyes were wild, pupils blown, and John had never seen something so attractive.
“Can it be postponed?” John asked and Sherlock shrugged.
But John wasn’t listening but instead biting him bottom lip thoughtfully, looking Sherlock over. “It can’t be that different from this end,” he mused to the sound of opera in the background. “Let me just-“
“We’ll get him a room,” she assured John, turning to lead the boy further into the shack. “Will that be alright?” she directed at Chris and the sick boy nodded meekly.
“Sherlock,” John stopped him and Sherlock looked up, dropping John’s bags on the floor of John’s room. The second they hit the floor, John had crossed the distance between them and pulled Sherlock into a searing kiss.
“Uncle Mycroft, when did you learn to cook?” Hamish asked, checking to make sure the bowl wasn’t touching the water. Mycroft considered the question carefully before answering. It was one of the things Hamish loved about his uncle, how he took every question Hamish asked him seriously, no matter how mundane.
Sherlock doesn’t hesitate. “I knew I was gay when I was nine years old.”
“I don’t think I want to go to Cambridge,” Hamish spoke up and Mycroft stared at him.
This is what happens when I have days off. I just post chapters all the live-long day. Not that y'all are complaining ;)
“I don’t know!” Sherlock practically yelled. “I deleted it because it’s useless! I have complete and utter mastery over every aspect of my body John, and that includes my brain. But this- this I just can’t-“
He got a bit tangled as he tried to pull his shirt over his head and called out from where he was trapped inside a fabric ball. “Uncle Mycroft? Can you help me?” he pleaded and Mycroft came over gently, like on might approach a wild beast, and helped pull off the shirt, laying it on the bed, Hamish’s black hair a crow’s nest. Unsure, he hesitantly helped pull the boy out of his trousers and trainers, slipping the t-shirt over his head. It hung like a dress on the child, nearly sweeping the floor, and Hamish beamed from inside it.
“Me too,” Chloe echoed back, squeezing his hand. “College has been hard, not as hard as you got it up in fancy Cambridge-“
“We’ve never exposed Hamish to a severed head,” he promised finally, not sure what else to say.
He studied his son another moment before shaking his head, letting a tiny, sad smile creep across his face. “Your father and I are grown men, Hamish. We do not need you defending our honour,” he said gently and Hamish’s head snapped up.
Sherlock didn’t remember his father doing any of those things with him but he was not surprised. The Holmeses were not overly affectionate men, himself included.
Sherlock laughed. “Like you’re doing particularly well in that department,” he teased and John pushed him, trying to pretend every contact with Sherlock’s skin didn’t find its way into his dreams at night.
“Oh John,” Sherlock crowed as he swept into the kitchen where John stood cooking dinner. “The case was fabulous; I wish you could have been there to see it! There was blood everywhere, it was like Christmas-“
Hamish sniffled. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled and his Papa only hugged him closer.
“The biological need to run a fever while growing in teeth is still beyond me,” Sherlock grumbled instead of acquiescing but he leaned back against the wall in silence. John rubbed a few more silent minutes before lifting one hand to Hamish’s forehead and breathing out.
“It’s alright love. That’s right, just cry it out.”
“I had no choice. He says these awful things when he’s sober, but high-“ she let out a breath. “It was abuse, really. I didn’t have a choice.”
“Who said anything about not finishing?” he laughed into John’s open mouth, starting on John’s pyjama bottoms. They were drawstring, and Sherlock’s fingers worked at lightning speed, untying knots in the dark.
“I wanted to hit them so badly,” John muttered against his mouth, tongue working dizzying circles against Sherlock’s. “I had to hold myself back the whole time.”
The silence echoed through the flat and Hamish instinctively shrunk closer to his father, burrowing in John’s jumper. Greg looked around helplessly before nodding. “You heard the man,” he said softly. “Everyone out.”
That day, they take a case from none other than Sebastian, because Sherlock wants to relish the irony of the cold bully asking him for help.
Sherlock looked disgruntled. “Well then, I suppose it’s up to me to request the story,” he sighed and Cynthia laughed.
“I know,” Sherlock gasped out as John hit it again. “It was obvi-ous,” he cried, the last word cut in half by his own small gasps.
He stopped as the office door swung open and Greg walked in. “I just talked with her a little,” he filled them in, Donovan following in his wake. “She’s not saying much; no surprise, she’s barely eight. But she knows names, she can identify faces. She can put the whole operation behind bars.”
“Do you want to eat in a real chair?
name,” he said again, staring at the bottle in his hands. “I’m going to end up just like him.”
As the room mobilized and started talking, with Kelsie writing a bullet-point plan out on the board, Sherlock found herself suddenly adrift. Nothing about that had been what she’d thought it’d be. Back in ninth grade, back when she’d still been in private boarding school, her French teacher Ms. Balistrade had told the class pointedly that feminists were just angry lesbians who wants to be men.
“Coal, Joan, you absolute genius,” Sherlock grinned at her and they were running out without a backwards glance down the narrow stairwell to the street.
The pair of them looked up like deer in the headlights to find a woman leaning on the bar, smiling at Joan. She was a clean long line in black slacks and a half-open button-down and her hair fell just below her ears.
“Then you grossly exaggerated me.”
“That’s quite alright, no one does,” Sherlock offered and then he opened the stall door and glanced around. He signaled John to wait and then left, the door swinging shut behind him.
“You’re going to kill me,” he whispered and Jim slapped him across the face.
Let me know. As always, all my love
“When I dared you to try and touch the alligator, I didn’t actually think you’d do it!” Chloe defended herself. “Meat-head.”
Richards stared at her, seeing her as if for the first time, before swallowing hard. “You cannot prove any of this,” he said hoarsely and Sherlock nodded.
“We have pictures together.”
You don’t speak Chinese
John didn’t hesitate. “Yes,” he said, following Mycroft’s gaze.
Sherlock hated her. “She’s dull,” he complained, grinding his heels angrily into the sand beneath their swings.
” Sherlock tried not to yell, standing stock still.
bent over and heaving and John wanted to hold him, make it better somehow.
and had moved her hips back far enough to let Joan get her right hand down her own jeans and coax herself to an orgasm with a moan she’d left on Sherlock’s tongue.
“Anyway,” she coughed and Joan had the gall to smirk at her, “There is extra money in the budget. Or there was at the start of term. And it clearly isn’t going to the teachers- Robins just had to take out a third mortgage- so where did it go?”
“John-“ Sherlock was hesitant. The internet had told him if your boyfriend took you camping, you should expect sex. Did the internet lie about everything?
“Isn’t it?” John agreed, peeling his shirt off. “I’m so glad I googled this place.”
They’d tried to get her to say Sherlock with little success. She’d seemed bent on Locky and the therapist had encouraged them to let her name things in a way that was comfortable for her.
“There will be other cases,” he promised and John smiled ruefully.
“Cool, awesome, right so, see you at lunch,” she said, bounding off down the hall to her own first period, leaving Sherlock standing there as the bell rang feeling oddly like she missed something.
“Oh shut up!” John yelled and two pairs of eyes turned on the smaller boy. “Both of you! I’m sick and tired of you both moaning on and on about how no one cares about you! Jesus Christ!”
Richards held her eye, the two of them locked in standstill. Sherlock knew who would win; while his eyes were nervous and caught, hers held nothing but triumph. Finally, he broke contact and reached into his desk to pull out a calendar.
“I’m graduating June but I stop classes around March, so I may be able to swing by and say hi if I’m not slaving over A levels,” John planned, placing his socks in the bag. “Eton’s not that far from central London, no? Just a train.”
Historical Notes:
“Of course I do, idiot,” John laughed and they smiled at each other in the middle of Main Street outside Nando’s.
“Come over tonight,” Sherlock asked him the day they started summer vacation. “My parents are away and Mycroft’s in France getting fat.”
“So Hamish,” John started carefully, “Remember how you learned that when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much, they can have a baby?”
“Would you like to share what is suddenly so amusing,” Sherlock bit out, trying to sound annoyed but barely managing steady. Joan nipped at her bottom lip again, tugging at it a bit in the way she knew Sherlock loved, and then laughed again in a pleasant sort of hum against Sherlock’s skin, lifting her head up to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“Mummy, I got lost and John helped me,” Angelica cried, jumping out of John’s arms and into her mother’s.
“They’ll come after her,” John realized with a jolt and Greg nodded, his mouth set in a grim line.
From: Mikey@email.com
but Sherlock didn’t say that. Instead he nodded and blinked and John was in front of him, hugging him so tightly Sherlock couldn’t breathe. Not like wanted to.
“I’m sorry, is this your first year?” he asked and the boy turned around, surprised. “It’s just, I’ve never seen you before and I worked here last year.”
“Ronda Hawke,” Sherlock said, turning to look at Joan’s handiwork in the mirror. It was hard to mess up applying a band-aide but still, Joan had done a better job than she would have of cleaning up the blood. At Joan’s questioning look, she elaborated. “I accidentally let slip that she was cheating off of other students in nearly every class. And she may have taken it very personally. She and all of her friends.”
John looked up at him blearily. “Sherlock, what time is it?”
Hamish sniffled and rubbed his eyes on his jumper sleeve before Annemarie noticed and handed him a tissue, both of them giggling slightly through tight throats.
“I thought-“ Sherlock swallowed. “Maybe you only wanted-“
Cynthia cries but nods. John is John. And John will do whatever he bloody pleases, that much has always been known.
Sherlock and John shared a look. “Your turn,” John said stubbornly and Sherlock sighed as he unwound himself from John.
“Then go,” Mycroft guided. “Provided you get your grades, of course.”
Taking that as a yes.
Of course you do.
“Sherlock?” he called out hesitantly, padding into the living room. The genius was on the couch, face turned into the back with her legs curled up against her chest. Her hair was out, a black curtain blocking her pale face, but she hummed in response. “Can we talk?”
“Thank you,” he told her and she squeezed his hand.
"Well done you," Sherlock grinned at her and his husband snickered at him.
“Promised him a girl,” John admitted. Sherlock was getting frustrated with that phrase.
“Oh, don’t include me in this, Cynthia,” Victoria groaned but she smiled as Cynthia turned back to face the table.
“I want a picture of you like this,” John murmured, leaning down to trail kisses from Sherlock’s ribs to his waist, pausing to swirl his tongue in Sherlock’s navel as the boy gasped and arched up in pleasure. “Open, pure, and
“Go get your sick son syrup from the cupboard above the bathroom sink before I hit you,” John repeated, arranging Hamish so his head rested on John’s shoulder and his arms tightened around his father’s neck instinctively.
“Excuse me Harry, I need to get the bathroom,” John pushed his sister good-naturedly from her perch in the doorway.
“Oh, that’s lovely. What’s his name?”
John was laughing so Sherlock was sure it must have started raining until he realized the wet drops on his face
Sherlock chuckled darkly, setting his things on the table before settling back next to his husband. “At least that was all they took from our room,” he encouraged and John burst into laughter, falling into Sherlock’s shirt.
John took a big breath on behalf of his son, who didn’t seem to need one really. “Yes, that’s true. People who don’t like each other can have babies too. But about two daddies or two mommies having babies-“
“How was your day?”
What?
“Roll the dough into little flat snakes; there’s a good lad,” Violet Holmes clucked as Hamish stood by her side at the kitchen counter.
“When have you ever known me to do anything I didn’t want to do?” she teased.
“You’re an optimist.”
-          Mike
“Oh. They let you in the science lab at 11:30 pm?”
OMG, where have I been?
Sherlock’s wet leg came up between John’s thighs, grinding slowly into him, and the friction between wet and dry was beyond wonderful, it was
“Do you want to have sex?”
“You ‘decked’,” Sherlock filled in, letting his tongue snap on the ‘k.’ Hamish had the good sense to look embarrassed.
“Not here,” John protested weakly, stretching his neck to give Sherlock a better angle. “I want it to be per-
“There’s not currently able to. I’ll send someone over to get him,” Mycroft organized and hung up the phone, unconcerned. He turned back to his assistant, handing her back the mobile. “Anthea, please pick Hamish up and bring him to Mrs. Hudson. I’m sure she won’t mind babysitting.”
John stumbled over the compliment but did as instructed, following the lifeguard down the road. He realized as they turned past the forest that they were heading towards the lake and he jogged to catch up to Sherlock’s long, easy strides.
. “You’ve just showered because,-“ she scanned Joan as quickly as she could before glancing around the room, noting the bookbag, the sneakers and Joan’s dirty clothes- “you were using the yard for a game of soccer with some of the other dy- I mean girls. Principle Richards hasn’t given you guys permission yet to form a team but the P.E. teacher has a crush on Marcie and she talked him into letting you guys use the field last period when you all are free. How do I know he has a crush on her? Easy, his type is tall blonde girls with large boobs as evident from my P.E. class and Marcie fits the bill. How do I know you were playing soccer? There are concrete pebbles stuck in your sneakers from outside and the way they’re wedged up there looks like they came from kicking on gravel. Plus, I know you like soccer. Why are you still in the locker room? Knowing your personality, you stayed after to clean up the balls and nets and so you were the last one in. That and your clothes have mud stains on the inner arm from carrying several balls.”
Hamish was waiting by the door in his coat when John came to pick him up from infant school.
As usual her mind was working miles ahead of her, cataloging. Nancy Washington had gotten a bob, which was a pretty good indicator that by Wednesday another twenty girls would have one too. Jeremy Ricks had gotten a girl pregnant over the summer, wouldn’t fatherhood be fun for a jock, and was thinking about quitting the football team. The lockers were a brand new painted teal and somehow in the hour since the doors had opened there were already fliers up on the wall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock I just-“
“What did Mycroft ask you?” she asked, annoyed she’d been too distracted by the joking and by the sheer fact that Joan was still in her kitchen to deduce it herself from her brother.
Hello my lovelies! I think that was the longest I ever went without updating. The horror!
“John, visiting hours don’t start for another several hours-“ Mycroft tried but John only growled “Which hospital?”
“The sounds you make,” John whispered, dragging his ear between his teeth as Sherlock tried pitifully to stay silent. “You have no idea how utterly
They fuck slowly, most nights, rolling their hips against each other in a soft wave of hitched breath and moans. Sherlock kisses John. Kisses his forehead, kisses his cheek. Kisses his fingers and his hands, his chest and his hair. Doesn’t kiss his scar, even though he wants to.
. This was one of the few times Sherlock wished he had a normal person’s mind, one that wouldn’t have picked up on that sort of thing for ages.
“That would imply we’re dating,” Sherlock said, unsure of where this was going.
Everyone stared back and her and suddenly Sherlock realized that she had spoken. She’d forgotten for a second, watching Joan talk, that it wasn’t just the two of them alone at a lunch table. She felt herself turning beet red but Joan only smiled at her with what could only be described as tenderness.
The three-year-old was a wet, crying mess and Sherlock felt no better off. He wanted to collapse against the bedroom door and cry himself, let his head hang between his legs and howl about how scared he’d been, holding the body of the man he’d loved most in the world- terrified the ambulance would not come in time. How John’s eyes had blinked up at him, blue and clear, and told him to
“You can still go.”
“It’s okay to be upset,” John said softly.
“Bye,” Sherlock whispered more to herself and then suddenly Joan had her hands on her waist and started tickling her. Sherlock shrieked, she couldn’t help it, and turned around to better defend herself. Joan took that as an invitation to tickle at her stomach and Sherlock doubled over, laughing madly despite herself and lashing out with her hands.
Harry nodded but Cynthia’s eyes widened. “How marvelous Mycroft! And so young too.”
Mycroft was the one to piece it together, when he was home for Christmas- the one time a year her father could force him to come back to Newport. He stood in the doorway of the bathroom at six am while Sherlock heaved her guts out and watched her with a mixture of revulsion and pity.
There was a pocket of air between the water and the bottom on the trampoline and John and Sherlock shared it, treading water. It was miserably dark without any starlight to drift through.
“I’m so sorry Mycroft.”
We all needed some meaningless fluff, didn't we?
“Oh?”
Hamish breathed a sigh of relief. “I’m so glad-“
but it won’t go away and I-“ Sherlock burst forth but John just laughed.
“If we must,” Sherlock gave an almighty sigh. “I’ll survive.”
“I know,” she bit off but still, it was good to hear it in his voice, rather than her own inside her head.
“You look fine,” Sherlock whispered to him after the fifth tug.
“You’re so full of it,” Joan giggled and then
“No,” Sherlock agreed, joining in, and Hamish looked to his dad. “But it’s a very likely outcome. Chloe’s family wants her desperately. They will devote their every attention to her. Your father and I are not equipped to care for two children.”
“Mrs., Hudson will check on me.”
Chloe’s aunt looked exactly like her and smiled so honestly, even Sherlock was awed by her.
It wasn’t even like she
Harry grinned too. “I haven’t been to a waterpark in ages. Are we going to the one in Devon?”
Mycroft laughed, cutting her off. “With me? Am I really so adept at comforting people, Anthea?”
“John,” he smiled, holding out two tickets. “There’s a fair about three hours from here in Hampshire tomorrow. I thought you and Sherlock might like to go.”
“Nonsense, why on earth would I do a thing like that?” he protested and Hamish very neatly stuck his tongue out at him before turning his attention to Mycroft’s assistant.
more of this.
“Ye-yeah,” he stuttered and Sherlock took John by the waist, twirling him around the garden turned dance floor as Tchaikovsky played.
“He punched me first!” the boy protested.
“Hey,” Sherlock tried, nudging her where they’re shoulders were touching. “That’s my line. You’re meant to be the optimist.”
“What on earth will you do if someone gets murdered by a funnel cake?” John questioned, laughing at his own joke. “You’d be clueless.”
As the officers filed down the stairs, Greg stepped closer to the small family. “Look John. Sherlock, we didn’t have a choice-“
“How’d he react?”
“Join the feminist club!” Joan called back as the two headed down to lunch. She turned to Sherlock, her eyes dancing. “This is ape,” she muttered, barely holding back a wild grin. “How did this happen?”
“Doesn’t matter. Cry, it’s okay.”
“We could go into town,” John suggested. “Go to Nando’s.”
“The pleasure was ours,” John promised. “Hamish, no faffing around. You take her home, you come right back.”
“Welcome to our monthly Consciousness-Raising Meeting,” the woman said, a stout middle-aged blonde with the air of a suburban mom to her. “I’m Siobhan, and I’ll be facilitating this discussion. As always, the rules are threefold. Always speak personally, don’t challenge anyone else’s experience, and don’t give advice. We are all just hear to listen to each other’s individual experience, and to feel less alone in our own. Let’s start by sharing a little bit of background experiences, just to get comfortable with each other. We’ll go around in the circle and just tell us a little bit about how you spend your time. Maybe tell us about what your parents think about how you spend that time. No interrupting, thank you!”
“There is a rose in Spanish Harlem,” she sang, nearly to herself, “a red rose in Spanish Harlem. With eyes as black as coal-“
“Body language John, you’ve flinched so many times, you nearly made it across the street,” Sherlock teased mercilessly and John wanted nothing more than to shut his eyes. “I’m not your daddy, John. I’m not going to hit you.”
“Cor, that’s posh,” John whistled. “You go to school there?”
Chloe shook her head, hiccupping a little, as she clutched Mr. Wiggins tightly to her chest.
“I heard about you and John,” she smiled widely, showing incisors. “My congratulations.”
“Yes, yes, you’re absolutely right to be,” Joan said, and she looked so guilty it took everything Sherlock had to let her keep talking. “I only wanted to help you but that doesn’t change the fact that I tried to push you to share information you weren’t ready to. It was wrong, I was wrong, and I am so sorry.”
“Sleep well, little brother?” Mycroft said casually, gazing down at the younger boy.
“Good job, Einstein, it’s a women’s bar,” Joan teased, catching the two beers that slid down towards them and handing one to Sherlock.
“Piss off,” Sherlock said and John burst into laughter. Sherlock looked confused at the sudden noise and then relaxed as he realized John wasn’t laughing at him.
“Anderson, I understand your need to live vicariously, since the chances of you having any form of dating success are about as high as your chances of passing your A levels,” Sherlock sighed and John bit his lower lip to keep from laughing. “But kindly stay out of my business.”
“Hamish, have you told your father?” Sherlock checked, mobile in his ungloved hand.
“Who let him in?” Mycroft demanded, turning to Anthea, and the fifteen-year-old adopted a wounded look.
Sherlock perked up. “Oh yes, we can focus on riverbanks today! I want to get from around the Hudson at different points- maybe Chelsea and then Morningside Park and then Washington Heights?”
He was a parent. And this was what parents did. They swallowed their emotions and held their children, put their child’s every need before their own.
“Yes,” she said jut to shut him up. Her knapsack from last year was sitting in her tiny room, not remotely packed for tomorrow.
the woman.
“Read a book,” Cammy said and Sherlock honestly wasn’t sure if she was joking or not. “Plus I’m studying chemistry. Be a shame if I couldn’t even make a vodka soda.”
“Because he was a spy!” the put-upon PA exclaimed in a wail and all parties turned to listen to her. “He and I were spies together. He was going to tell Mycroft all about what I’d done. So I poisoned him and tried to make it look like Mycroft did it. The last step was to kill Mycroft to make sure the truth couldn’t get out. But you ruined everything!”
“Sherlock, did you just-“ he asked,
It’s at three am, when John has been silent for hours and Sherlock has considered going to sleep, that John softly confesses,
“Stop, John. It’s not your business,” he said stiffly and strode from the cinema without a backwards glance. John blinked a moment, gathering himself, before running out and following Sherlock into the cinema’s florescent lights. The boy walked out of the cinema and down the street, not pausing as John ran to catch up with him.
Peterson looked up as they entered and looked as if she was about to say something before Sherlock held her hand up and marched right into the principal’s office, Joan hot on her heels. Richards was just settling in for the day and he looked up in the surprise at the sound of the door, glancing between the two girls looming large over his desk.
“Fire right over in Long Island. Started in the garbage dump and spread to the house next door,” Sherlock said, barely having to fake her excitement. It really was a clever little puzzle.
....and now I've jinxed us. We're doomed ;)
voice.
” Hamish moaned, somewhat muffled by the penguin in his mouth.
Molly lies on the couch in a bundle of exhaustion and joy, a tiny creature in her arms. “Hey boys,” she smiles up at them. “So glad you could come say hi.”
She was just dabbing at it in the mirror when there was a rustle behind her from one of the showers and suddenly a voice said, “Shit, what happened to your face?”
The blonde opened her apartment door only after the third time Sherlock knocked and the genius held out the mug as a peace offering. Joan looked horrific, hair an unreasonable tangle, black eye makeup smeared across the side of her face and the crust of what had to be drool under her bottom lip. Sherlock held back a giggle and said, with as must seriousness as she could muster, “Good morning.”
“Keep your eyes fixed on me.”
. All at once she wanted this conversation to be over, wanted to stop feeling so exposed, so flayed, even though she’d offered the knife herself.
John didn’t say anything, just gently bandaged Sherlock’s wrist, pressing small kisses to the raised flesh.
and get away with it.
Something small in her urged her to do that now, crawl onto the tattered, thin mattress and let herself be held for a moment but she didn’t. Mycroft would have questions, first of which being why she was up so early. She instead padded down the hall and climbed into her own bed, not bothering to do more than strip off her shoes. Despite the adrenaline, she felt herself nodding off and wondered, absently, if it would have even worked. If there was anything left that could actually make her feel safe anymore.
“She was sixteen?” he asked, surprised.
They swam for close to an hour, stopping occasionally to kiss but John never let it get too far and Sherlock was growing more and more on edge until, after the fifth time John had dived out of his hold, he snapped.
There was a beat of silence where the two goons met eyes and then, in a shocking turn of events, they sat on the couch. “Put your hands on your head where I can see them,” Hamish added and they obeyed. The teen almost gave himself away with a laugh. Really, this was way too easy.
What’s the first?
“Everyone’s gonna know we kissed, aren’t they?” she scowled, not really mad, and Hamish kissed her forehead.
Which was why the doctor was surprised to come home two days later to find Hamish and Sherlock hunched over the family’s high-powered microscope. There were diagrams and papers everywhere and Hamish looked up as his father came in.
John laughed at that, his laugh easing the tension that had filled the room after Sherlock’s odd request. “Get a pillow,” he instructed.
John wanted to protest that he most certainly did
“I’ll wait.”
Hamish didn’t answer but cocked his head, as though studying the older man for a minute. After a moment, he must have decided something internally because he opened his mouth and said, “I love you Uncle Mycroft.”
Annemarie closed her wallet and put it away, sighing deeply. “It wasn’t about giving you up, you see. I was only the carrier; you were always your fathers’ baby. If you’re asking me why I became a surrogate, well that’s a longer story.”
”I know it looks like I’ve been stalking you,” she started and Sherlock bit back a laugh. “Okay and maybe I have. But I was worried about you. You ran out of the meeting like you’d just got sucker-punched. I don’t know, I thought maybe something I said upset you.”
John ran up to Sherlock at recess. The strange boy always sat alone, cross-legged on the ground near the chain-link fence that separated the playground from the outside.
in the relationship area but John never pointed out before.
One of his bunkmates sees it and calls him a photographer.
surprised at how she hadn’t managed to pick that up but yet, looking at Joan again in light of all this she couldn’t see where she went wrong- there was simple no sign of it-
“I didn’t-“he tried and John set a hand on his arm.
“Brilliant,” he breathed and Sherlock looked up.
“I need a shower,” John breathed, his hands on his knees. He glanced up at Sherlock and then smiled softly. “Thank you.”
“It’s alright,” the paramedic eased, kneeling down next to Hamish as more cops swarmed the scene and the two kidnappers were frisked and handcuffed. “You’re safe now. You were very brave.”
“Did you forget I own this flat too?” Mycroft points out casually and John is reluctant to point out they are having this discussion while Sherlock is still
“Jim,” he said weakly, as the boy approached. “What are you doing here?”
He blamed it on how tired and groggy he was. That was the only reasonable excuse as to why he didn’t hear the bunk door open or the sound of footsteps padding towards the shower, or even the tell-tale unzip of jeans. What he did hear, however, was the sound of the shower curtain being pushed aside by a glorious and very naked Sherlock Holmes.
“Hey Da,” he started but Sherlock cut him off.
It took him only three minutes to reduce Sherlock to a puddle of pure need, begging against him as he came, muffled by John’s shirt in his mouth. The final two were spent trying to clean up as best they could, and kissing each other until john could feel his own lips, swollen and red, start to bruise.
John held out one shaking hand and Sherlock took it, sitting by his bed. “I couldn’t help it,” he sighed and Sherlock squeezed down, very present and very real. His fingers moved to the thimble that still hung around John’s next, crushed and bloody as it was, and tightened around it like the boy dying in Afghanistan. No one spoke.
his brain shouted to say but that was wrong,
"We're good," Hamish answered for them as Annie giggled at her grandfather.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, suddenly nervous.
Showered and ensconced in a towel, Sherlock settled herself on the couch to braid her hair into two pigtails and think. Getting in touch with her emotions was never really her strong suit but, needs must. So she liked it when Joan touched her. What did that mean?
Her breath came back to her in waves as the immediacy of the pain began to fade into a more manageable, thrumming ache, when she suddenly heard- laughter. Female laughter. Barely daring to hope, Sherlock stumbled out of bed and opened her door to pad down the small hallway to the kitchen, pausing just inside the doorway.
“Don’t leave me, Papa,” Hamish begged pitifully as John set him down. “If you do the sun’s gonna burn me right up to a little chip and I don’t even like fish and chips have to spend their whole lives next to fish until they’re eaten an I don’t wanna be eaten cause then I’ll be gone like clouds when they float away and break like marbles.”
The man in the mansion hallway was tall and well built in a black jacket and hair just starting to gray. He took in the two teenagers and his body shifted, leaning in to talk down as all adults do when they talk to children.
When John had been in Afghanistan for longer than any sane man should be and Sherlock had finally met a man named Lestrade after his ex-dealer was murdered, a bullet should have shot John in the heart.
He sits down too. “Wow, good for you,” he smiles, squeezing her hand.
“Your dad had been drinking for two years then,” Sherlock put it together, like a puzzle in his brain and it didn’t satisfy him like it usually did.
“Hey Sherlock, it’s John. Hope I’m not dull. I just wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas-“
“So monsters under the bed you’re fine with, but a vigilante stuffed animal, no that’s going too far,” he muttered as he moved to shut the light. “Goodnight Hamish,” he said quietly, closing the door behind him.
“Here comes the sun,” Joan sang, and Sherlock sat up fully to look at her, naked and swaying in the living room. “Here comes the sun and I say- it’s alright.”
“Oh, most definitely,” John said and Sherlock smiled at him, near watery. Mycroft put his hand back on Sherlock’s shoulder, steering him to the car, before Sherlock broke away and launched himself at John.
“I never do, really,” Joan explained warmly and yes, of course, how was she supposed to predict from outlier data. “Too expensive and just as bad for your lungs as regular cigarettes. Jodie gave me about an eighth on Saturday night though and it felt rude not to finish it. Are you uncomfortable with me smoking? I really don’t have to; I’m sure Marcie would be thrilled if I gave her the rest.”
“Well, he didn’t die from stabbing,” she noted. “Look here,” she said, pointing to a patch of purple fluff deep inside the bear. “That’s a sign of poisoning. I’d have to take a look at it to figure out what poison it was but your bear here was stabbed after he was already dead.”
“Poor girl,” John muttered to his husband as they stood in Greg’s office. “Those sons of bitches are lucky they weren’t there because god knows I’d-“
“You idiot! It could’ve killed you!” he cried, moving to check Sherlock over.
“Dear Father Christmas,” Sherlock read aloud, leaning back on the table. “How are you? I hope you have someone to make you a fire all the way up in the North Pole like my Papa does for us. If you don’t, he can come up and show you only you can’t keep him on account of how Daddy doesn’t know how to cook.”
“Hello?” he answered groggily and a voice on the other end was cutting him off immediately.
“Corpses don’t talk,” Sherlock shushed him, trying to ignore just how
“Fuck, yeah,” Joan groaned, glancing at her watch. “I am not gonna look pretty.”
Have I ruined everything Mycroft?
John lost any shred of self-control he’d been holding onto since he’d sunk into Sherlock. His hips thrusted in a hypnotic rhythm, fucking Sherlock into the mattress, rubbing into the younger boy's prostate. He only had to reach down once to give the younger boy’s cock a harsh stroke before Sherlock shuddered and shook around him, coming hard as he moaned loud enough to wake the dead.
“That got me quite a bit ahead,” Jim went on, untroubled. “But then he got that job in the British government. He didn’t happen to mention what it was, did he? Just how much he could
Hamish sat on the floor of his Uncle Greg’s office, humming to himself as he snaked his toy trains around the leg of one of the desk chairs. John had settled him there around twenty minutes ago and had promptly run off after Sherlock, instructing the four-year-old with how to find him if he needed him.
She ventured a glance up and found Joan grinning at her. “Sherlock Holmes,” the blonde said, her tone scandalized and playful and proud, “are you asking me on a date?”
It wasn’t that she’d grown vain, or appearance-preoccupied by any means. That would have been ridiculous. She’d just suddenly found the sight of herself no longer made her want to throw-up everything she’d eaten that day. Thanks to Joan’s insistent prodding at lunch, she’d put on a few pounds and it showed in her face; her eyes no longer quite as sunken. Her hair had grown another inch and brushing her teeth one night, she’d found little lines, barely more than faint imprints, around her mouth
John chuckled. “Really? Always put you down for more of a green man.”
Mycroft had cornered John the night before after dinner. Sherlock had already bounded upstairs for his allotted “science time,” that he and John had agreed upon, and John suddenly found himself alone with Mycroft in the parlor.
. I could focus because everything was
“Just transport,” Sherlock reminded him.
John moved in with Sherlock after his release. And when they solved cases together, it was like magic.
From: Mikey@email.com
“Liberation!” someone yelled and Anne spared a grin down at Shulamith before continuing.
to bunk with.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing here?” John asked. He imagined he looked a sight, hair in wet tangles, in only a tank, covered in his kids’ toothpaste and blocking out the sight of thirteen boys scrambling to get in pyjamas.
To: Mikey@email.com
“I’m not an idiot, John,” she reminded him. “Nearly the whole camp knows, but this was a sort of conformation, you know?”
“Let me take a look at that,” she demanded, coming over, and Sherlock instinctively shied away.
“The walls needed a paintjob,” John said finally and Sherlock looked at him quizzically.
“I should get back,” John whispered and Sherlock nodded.
“Daddy and I tried very hard to keep that life from her for the past month but we can’t keep it from her forever,” John spoke openly. “She needs a safer place to heal.”
“That sounds like a brilliant idea.”
“No I don’t,” Sherlock said honestly. “I’m cold. I never initiate. I can’t even… reciprocate,” he struggled classily.
"Um-" Hamish tried and was spared by a call of "Mr. Holmes?"
“Then can I have a space helmet, Papa?” Hamish asked and John took a deep breath.
Unless- “Go get ready,” she instructed, rooting around in her pocket until she found enough for a paper. “I’m going to run down, I expect you in the shower when I get back.”
Pull your collar up!
All it takes to shoot a gun is one finger and Sherlock is vaguely aware that if the idiots around him can pass school, their counterparts can shoot guns and John can’t catch bullets. But John’s letters sit like promises on the floor of his dorm room, piling up on each other, and he could swim in them if he wanted to
“About you,” he let out a small smile. “I call it Sonata in John.”
“Good,” Chloe whispered and Sherlock turned around to find her blushing gently, a pleased smile on her face.
Mycroft would most likely walk over to Joan’s to escort her back if she called him, but something about that seemed vaguely unappealing, even though it ended with her getting to sleep in her own bed. “Yes, alright, I don’t see why not. I’ll just pick up a change of clothes from my house before we go,” she shrugged and Joan smiled back at her, her initial, still unexplained nervousness gone.
“Thank you all for coming,” John smiles at them, arm around Sherlock’s waist. “You are all the most important people in our lives and we’re so happy you’re here.
“John-“ Sherlock tried to warn him but he was cut off as John’s mouth found his again, his fingers digging deep into Sherlock’s scalp, leaving trails of fire and sending shivers of pleasure down Sherlock’s spine.
, the rational part of his brain told him.
“Hey love.”
John nodded, walking over to feel the curtains like some idiot in Buckingham palace. Sherlock sighed.
John struggled to form words around the
John wasn’t sure
Joan turned a deep crimson and turned around to call out, “Fuck you very much,” at Kelsie’s retreating wave, before turning back to Sherlock and re-adjusting her backpack. “Sorry about- well, I meant it, is all. If you want to. You don’t have to sleep over if you’re not comfortable but it’s happening pretty late and it’s probably not such a good idea for you to walk home alone then.”
John smiled. “And what does Daddy do?” he checked.
Hamish complied, running over to sit down on the couch and take his action figures in hand, making a variety of noises. Sherlock poked his head out from the kitchen to whisper with John.
“By the side of the highway,” Mycroft said, opening the driver’s side as John jumped in the back. “He’s alive.”
Some of you may have noticed this is no longer marked as a work-in-progress and there's a reason for that. The reason is that in a few days (six!) I am moving to an entirely different country which is amazing and exciting and something I have been looking forward to for a long time now.
“There are so many people I want to thank. To Clara’s parents,” she smiles at the table to her left where Clara’s mum and dad, two very average suburban parents, smile back at her. “Thank you, for all the love and support you’ve given us. And thank you, for making Clara. That was absolutely lovely of you.”
Sherlock would kill him for encouraging the fantasy by getting on his knees and looking under the bed. But John did it anyway.
“If I could have a moment,” she calls out and the tents fall silent, eyes on her. “Normally, the best man makes a speech about now, but we didn’t have one and my maid of honor staunchly refused,” she laughs, shooting daggers at Mycroft who sits at a table near the back, smiling softly at her.
“This should not change your perception of your father, or your attitude towards drugs,” John stated firmly and Hamish swallowed.
Sherlock did come for Christmas lunch and, after much coaxing, Hamish agreed to sit on his lap, back warm against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock had never held a child before, and it felt fitting that the first should be John's, born innocent and gay and perfectly heartless.
“I’m sorry,” Hamish mourned as Mycroft surveyed the damage. “Can we fix it?”
“And yet I love you,” John smirked and kissed the insufferable man. There was quiet a minute before Sherlock bent his neck down to rest his head on John’s shoulder.
Another crack of thunder filled the room and Hamish only burrowed closer, sniffling to himself. There was a calming “shhh” sound pervading the bed and it took Mycroft a minute to realize
And we break from our usual texts to something more... dramatic ;)
“I don’t care,” he insisted, his voice even.  John had taught him well in the art of Sherlock-managing. “I won’t play it.”
“Remember when you were born?” she teased and Hamish flushed. “Not something you really forget, giving birth. Your fathers used to send me your school picture every year. But then we both got so busy and they forgot to the last few years. You look just like your Dad now.”
And then John was gone, the connecting door slammed in between them and Sherlock sunk down into his sheets, unsure of what the hell had just happened.
“We don’t need to take turns,” John laughed, resting his forehead against the other boy’s.
“Lucky for us, right?” John grinned against his head and Sherlock realized he has no idea. John had no idea just what he’d done.
“You’re not a doctor, silly. Not yet,” Sherlock teased, reaching up one hand to ruffle John’s hair.
“You use teeth sometimes,” Sherlock pointed out, his fingers drawing their usual pictures and John’s pupils dilated despite his even tone.
“Yeah,” Sherlock agreed, “and he’s lying about the money.”
“Different how?” he asked.
“Sherlock- I’m so sorry, I don’t-“ he excused, frantic and Sherlock just stared at him as though he’d been punched.
“So why do you want to delete it so badly?” John prompted and Sherlock couldn’t look at John, had to pick a spot on the wall just shy of John’s left shoulder, as he spoke.
Oh don’t pretend like you don’t know what you look like in your clothes.
Sherlock groaned, “Ignore it,” he ordered, rolling his hips up and John took a moment to refocus.
“Angie!” The woman called, getting up. She was in her late thirties and in a very mom-oriented bathing suit, big floppy hat and all.
“Didn’t want to interrupt,” Sherlock excused and John could have hit him. He looked so small and
“Sherlock?” John’s voice called from the hall and Sherlock moved to meet him.
“Yes!” Joan squealed and the girls shrieked at each other for a minute. Thankfully, Marcie came over to say, “There’s some movement up at the front, let’s go join,” and the group moved out.
And so the rest of the night was spent putting cushions back in the couch and reorganizing Sherlock’s mold samples. And if father and son kept brushing shoulders through the ordeal, John never commented.
Both boys bristled and Mike looked nervous.
In the cab, Sherlock plays with John’s fingers, running them through his own. “Would you ever want a baby?” he asks, unsure.
Sherlock had simply looked at the teacher with unfathomable eyes. “I’m not going to grow up,” he told the mousy woman in no uncertain terms. She’d seemed baffled by it but had moved on, asking Megan what she wanted to be. She’d said a dancer.
Sherlock felt Joan’s eyes land on her and didn’t know why she felt uncomfortable. She hadn’t told Joan about getting pushed in the staircase- it had been while Joan was still stalking her and, honestly, it hadn’t been all that big of a deal. Not even in her top five injuries. She’d only ended up in the principal’s office for it because a teacher had seen.
“It’ll be fine, don’t be nervous,” John smiled.
“You told the police about me, Sherly,” Jim said, turning his head to better gaze at Sherlock. “I had to get the police off my case. Do you have any idea how
“I know.”
“There are no monsters,” he announced, back sore as he stood.
“I need to go,” she nearly barked and, in an instant, she’d wrenched her arm out from Joan’s hand and was halfway out the building before the blonde could even shout “wait- Sherlock!”
Hamish stared, rooted to the sofa in shock. “It was an absolutely horrible phase in my life, I regret every second of it, and we wanted to keep that part of me from you for as long as possible,” Sherlock rambled, not meeting his son’s eyes.
Hamish opened his mouth to answer before realizing his father's question was not addressed to him but to the bouncing, chubby ball in the carrier on his chest.
“God no, she’s way too cool,” Joan shook her head. “And what would I even say?“
“Da!”
“I can’t believe this is happening,” she confessed softly and Hamish let out a sympathetic laugh.
“I never said-“ John protested but Sherlock cut him off with a wave of his hand.
He dragged his teeth along it and John moaned appreciatively against the younger boy’s mouth; all this from a kid who’d only had his first kiss two months ago. The kiss became rather savage after that and they were biting and crawling at each other, desperate to leave marks that m the months of separation, and Sherlock was giving John a run for his money, fighting valiantly for dominance and John considering giving it to him.
“Christ,” he murmured, his eyes never leaving Sherlock, his hand coming up to touch his swelling mouth. “We just-“
,” John moans, because that’s all he can say. And then Sherlock is pinning him to the couch and taking him apart, and when he slides into John, it’s like he can breathe again and John lets out a small, shuddering sob.
Then the letter came. It was such a small letter, just a few sentences reminding him just where he needed to report to at eight am on August 29. Sherlock walked into the kitchen, took one look at the letter addressed to John Watson, Esquire, and turned right around.
“Harry is it?” he smiled and the girl smiled back, the expression warming her ten degrees. “Mycroft, I’m just your age it seems. Can I give you a tour?”
"We're fine," Sherlock promised, Annie fitting neatly into his arms like she belonged there. Hamish was reminded vividly of the moment, not long after her birth, when Sherlock had put out his arms for a turn at holding her and all in the room- uncles Greg and Mycroft along with what had felt like half the police force- had given him a long, measured look. "Has everyone forgotten I've had a child?" he'd raged and then had proceeded to hold the tiny, infant Annie like a professional. He was still the only one who could get her down from a proper wobbly, a skill he refused to teach to her parents.
“Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a call to take,” Mycroft said, pulling out his ringing mobile and moving to the corner of the lobby. John was sure the whole hotel could see the older man’s face light up as he answered the phone, leaning against the wall.
“Well excuse me that I'm not aroused by the sound of our son’s voice,” he shot back and Sherlock groaned.
“That’s right,” John urged, his fingers kneading into Sherlock’s sides. “Be as loud as you want, there’s no one out here to hear it.”
and she was a part of NYRW and she founded Redstockings and she’s like one of my actual heroes.”
Sherlock thought. She was sharing this part of herself with Sherlock and no one else. It made Sherlock feel light, giddy. Joan trusted her, more than any of her other friends it seemed. That excitement and pride carried Sherlock right through the train ride, through the walk through Gramercy, and all the way into the Women’s Center. Whereas the last meeting Sherlock had come to was held in the big auditorium space, this time they were shuffled downstairs to a small classroom, where chairs had been set up in an intimate circle. Most of the chairs were filled with women older than her and Joan, settling themselves in their cable knit sweaters and sensible walking shoes. Joan barely found them two seats together and they sat, close to the door, making uncomfortable eye contact with the other women in the circle.
John grinned though. “Love rafting,” he confessed and mike smiled back. “The boys will be thrilled.”
“This Friday night, NYRF is hosting a CRM downtown,” Joan asked, playing with her pen. “I wanted to know if you’d like to come with me.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll translate for you,” Sherlock promised and John’s eyes widened.
“Why?” John asked, not looking at him.
The rest of the adults coming running back in and Mike takes Lily, rocking her against his chest as she sobs. “She’s still not sleeping well,” he explains and John laughs at Sherlock’s horrified face.
She remembered running to Mycroft every time a phone call would come from school, finding him in his little study and hiding under the desk behind his chair. How he’d turn then to face their father, talk calmly and with so much certainty about how it wasn’t her fault, she needed to be better stimulated, all while their father raged at how much of an embarrassment Sherlock was, how she could hardly manage to do anything right at all.  Then he’d slap Mycroft and Sherlock could hear the sound of it, cowered under the desk with her head against her thighs. But Mycroft never moved, even as their father found an outlet for his rage in Mycroft’s face and arms. When their father would leave, he’d scoop Sherlock- age four, or five, or six- out from under the mahogany and bring her to his bed so they could play chess, or solve puzzles. She hated and loved getting in trouble.
“I don’t want to be Wendy,” John said boldly, made brave with alcohol.
“Neither,” John said, not a tremor in his voice. “He killed himself.” And then he closed the door to his bedroom in Sherlock’s shocked face.
“Ah yes,” Mike turned his grin on the taller boy. “The boyfriend. How are you?”
“I like that,” John smiled, ghosting fingers up Sherlock’s arm. “Less competition.”
“I’ve barely started love. Don’t get too worked up yet,” he advised and Sherlock bit back the millions of dirty words that swam into his mind at the sight of John Watson kneeling above him, sucking him off.
They just stared at each other a moment, both carefully sizing the other up, before John couldn’t take it, had to know-
“Positive re-enforcement John,” Sherlock pointed out, sliding out of the car. “If that’s how you respond to my getting mad, I’m going to do it more often.”
“I know Bushwhick pretty well,” Mary said as they started out of the bar. “Used to have a close friend who lived over by Hart St.”
“- and fuck up the man!” someone yelled out and everyone laughed. Joan giggled and nodded.
When he pulled back, he let his hands play in the hair of the tragic boy. John was no longer a little boy heartbroken over Sherlock; he was a grown man smiling at it all, but they were wet-eyed smiles.
“Papa said the water for the pool comes from pipes that are hidden. Who watches to make sure there aren’t any water monsters?” Hamish demanded and Sherlock pursed his lips, considering it.
*Phone call- 7:15*
“Thank you boys so much,” she repeated and Sherlock found himself noticing
this so badly but Sherlock couldn’t know. Of course, Sherlock knew everything.
“More permanently preoccupied,” Mycroft excused. “Mycroft Holmes.”
“Cesare Beccaria, the first major criminologist,” Sherlock shrugged, moving back to the cooler and coming out with yoghurts and spoons. “It seemed rude to try and converse with something nameless.”
“Of course, I’m nearly done here anyway,” she said, mostly the truth in any case.
Leaving day was always miserable. John stood by the busses, making sure his campers got to their busses safely, while simultaneously hugging them tight and telling them how special they were.
“Sports,” John said, glancing down at the schedule. He’d stopped reading after swim. “Then baking.”
“No they didn’t, we just-“
Greg took a minute to answer. “The fingerprint belongs to your Uncle. Mycroft Holmes.”
“Christ, Sher-“
Sherlock gestured for John to move his oxygen mask so he could speak and John did, sliding it down a bit, never letting go of Sherlock hand.
“So if you would all permit, I’d like to say a few words,” Harry begins and John can’t help but grin at his wonderful, impulsive, and
John waved goodbye to Sarah and the two teens wandered up the hill and down the gravel road that ran through camp. As the music faded behind them, the sounds of the night settled in. It was a comfortable silence, but Sherlock broke it anyway, turning to John.
“I need to fry aluminum! It all makes sense now!” he yells back from the kitchen and John groans, curling in on himself. He was far too sensitive for this.
“I would ask how you even know that,” John whispered, shaking his head in pride, “but we’ve already established you know everything.”
He looked at Ella with the disdain he saved for Sherlock on his bad days. “I’ve been in love with him since we were thirteen, I don’t think I’ll be stopping now.”
“They don’t know the half of it,” John grinned lewdly. “Help me pull my trousers up.”
“I’m going to take you on the Devil’s Drop,” John grinned wickedly at Sherlock and the younger boy’s ears perked up.
“Is an insufferably know-it-all with a plan to cause a cake shortage in Europe. So let’s forget him, shall we?” Sherlock offered and John found himself agreeing as Sherlock rolled over and straddled him, playing with his hair a minute before rolling his hips, wet friction causing sparks in John’s vision.
“Sherlock!” he yelled from his place at the front of his raft and Sherlock, in the back of his raft, turned around. “Sherlock, what if we were?”
He was hovering on the edge of tears. The hallway had been a rather traumatic experience and he hadn’t yet recovered when he silently pushed the conference room door open and found himself face to knee with the four adults in the room who had not noticed him.
Sherlock shook his head and she grinned, her grin gave him chills.
John didn’t say a word, didn’t prompt, and Sherlock realized he wanted to tell John the story, tell him all of the stories. He
.As it was, the therapist was making amazing strides with Chloe. They met every other morning and after only a week and a half, Chloe was slowly becoming more and more talkative. She was sleeping better, eating better, and Sherlock and john had started hoping for miracles. The resilience of children, the therapist had explained, but it was a wonder to watch.
“I beg to differ,” Sherlock drawled and Jim just raised one eyebrow. Sherlock had to make him snap. That was the only way he was going to get information out of the psychopath.
But something about it rang hollow and untrue.
“Of course,” he hissed at his younger brother and Sherlock raised one eyebrow.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to read it but um-“ John was suddenly aware of just of awkward it was to know your flatmate’s sexual viability. Especially when at least one of you still believed all feelings between both parties were platonic. “You left your test results on the table.”
anything
“He was going to kill you,” Sherlock offers but he knows it’s not enough, not nearly enough, for good, sweet John.
Hamish figured this was as good a time as any for a hug, so he stepped in for one and let go a little as John wrapped him up in his arms. Sherlock followed suit a beat later, wrapping his longer arms around the hugging Watsons. And for a moment, Hamish let himself relish this standing version of a cuddle-pile, something he hadn’t indulged in for years.  It felt just as his childhood remembered it- warm and protected and loved.
“Last year,” Harry smiled.
John let out a slow breath as he rocked Hamish back on forth on the balls of his feet, calming him down. “Because sometimes when we’re sad, we hurt the people we love the most,” he offered, unsure the boy would understand.
“Yes and you know that,” John groaned. “You need to stop deleting objects in the flat. We need those things; that’s why they’re here.”
So this was an incredibly hard decision and I hope I managed to make everyone at least a little bit happy. Okay, you're all gonna hate me. But it's not so bad, I swear! You'll see.
“You make a compelling case,” she said, pretending to mull it over and Joan elbowed her.
Avoiding Joan was working well enough until three Wednesdays after the meeting when it all fell to shit. She forgot herself in biology class and accidentally blurted out that Ronda Hawke was cheating in nearly all her classes after being assigned Ronda as a partner for a project. In class, Ronda had only turned a deeper and deeper shade of red as Sherlock spilled her secrets but Sherlock was an even bigger idiot for thinking that was all that would happen.
“I’m alright, I just need a minute-“ Sherlock tried before he retched again.
-message deleted-
If you haven't been listening to the songs that inspired each chapter title-do. Or just listen to the Beatles in general. To me, nothing ever said summer quite like Beatles music :)
With a fond grin, John looked away from his husband to see Hamish hovering in the doorway. "Oh, love," he lit up, before turning to glare at his husband. "You worried Hamish over this nonsense?"
, caught off-guard.
Joan giggled, ridiculously obtuse. “Okay but I asked you where-“
“It would ruin the performance,” Sherlock grumbled into her coffee. “You have the papers?”
John dwelt on it a minute. “Ah, it’s a trick question,” he declared at last, still on the fringes of laughter. “The great Sherlock Holmes is far too intelligent and adult for such immaturity as a favorite colour.”
They washed each other off in silence and then wandered back into the bunk to dress. Sherlock slipped on the clothes he’d left littered on the bathroom floor, jeans and a white v-neck and John found some jeans that weren’t too dirty and a clean red t-shirt. Sherlock raised one perfect eyebrow at the color and John couldn’t be arsed to care.
The weekend Sherlock came home with faint tremors in his hands and slightly wider eyes, John socked him in the jaw.
“Take me to the hospital.”
Twenty minutes later, the inhabitants of B221 slept like the dead and John crept out of the bunkhouse, promising Mike he’d be back in an hour. He could see the camp fire from the staff party from his porch as they burned by the volleyball court in the middle of the sand.
“John,” Sherlock urged softly, scared of what he saw in John’s eyes. “Forget it, let’s just go.”
“How’d you get your scar?” he tried instead and John smiled at him. John’s smile could stop angels, could re-write history.
no. She’d say she heard about a girl who was raped in Newport and it had scared her to hear about but that was all she knew. Plausible, easy, and Joan would believe her and think that’s all it ever was and that would be the absolute end of this.
Mrs. Emily blinked at them. “Well, if that’s all,” John said, standing up and Sherlock followed suit, wincing as his back recovered from the tiny chair.
“So go talk to her,” Sherlock said, the ‘obviously’ implied.
,” Sherlock tried and John burst out laughing.
“Next you’ll tell me you don’t know who Graham Norton is,” John sighed, sinking his head into his hands.
“Lucky for us then that you’re cute,” Joan smirked and Sherlock felt caught off-guard again. “It’s fine, it’s a queer bar. No one checks ID. You in?”
“Papa’s coming home,” he promised, setting Hamish down in the tub. “Papa’s coming home,” he swore, washing the three-year-old’s soft, milky arms with a wet washcloth. “Papa’s coming home,” he vowed, bundling the wet child up in a towel, drying his hair in uneven spikes.
“Same reason white people marched with Dr. King,” Joan shrugged. “Inequality is wrong, whatever side of it you’re on.” And with that she pulled them further into the crowd and Sherlock followed, staring unabashedly at the two men waiving a “we won’t fight another rich man’s war,” with flowers in their hair.
“Perhaps you should take the body to Molly for a proper autopsy,” Sherlock spoke up from the doorway and Hamish shot him such a black look that he visibly shrunk back, clutching the duffle bag helplessly.
John grimaced. “I may be staying in nights more often than not,” he admitted and Mike winced, clapping him on the shoulder.
“Alright, no need to remind me how much of a giant you are,” John pointed out and Sherlock still looked put out, so John took one hand off the steering wheel and interlaced his fingers with Sherlock’s.
“And Uncle Mycroft?” Hamish prompted.
The doctor was just leaving the examination room as Hamish came in, probably forewarned that the notorious Holmes was on the way. John sat on the examination table, rubbing the neon green cast on his wrist.
“Oh? What do they say?”
“Who will make sure you eat?” John worried and Sherlock smiled reassuringly.
“Sherlock, we are not having sex in a car-“ John tried to protest but Sherlock launched himself at the boy, biting and licking and worrying at his mouth.
“Sherlock?” Joan asked, blessedly pausing her.
. And then Sherlock bit down, sucking like John had patiently taught him, and John got it.
Sherlock was stranger than him by far, with messy curls and perfect clothes and the way he rolled his vowels on his tongue. He knew the whole alphabet, and words besides, and could count to two hundred. He could even do math.
“You have a beautiful family,” Hamish said politely and just then Alex, now about nine, ran out into the hall.
“It’s not particularly hard,” he shrugs. “I just observe.”
“Ridiculous,” Sherlock scoffed and John smiled at the boy.
“Chicken-shit fairies.”
Molly kisses Mike, heading down the hall to the bathroom, and Mike comes over to stand with John, watching his daughter in awe.
Joan was waiting patiently for her outside the office when she strode her way into school the next morning, blue eyes bright with a cup of coffee in each hand. She gave one to Sherlock, who took with a mumble of thanks, and Sherlock was surprised to find it was perfect, just the right amount of sugar and milk.
“Shit, Sherlock,” John cursed, taking Sherlock’s head in his hands. “I love you. And no bell-end with half a brain is going to change that, okay?”
“You would hate beer, you spoiled queen,” she cackled and Sherlock found herself smiling in spite of herself, grabbing some napkins and mopping herself up. “I’ll get you a cocktail, on me,” she insisted as Sherlock moved to fish her wallet out. “Maybe a vodka cranberry?”
“That’s cause we never had sex,” she giggled and then pulled a face. “As if.”
“I was- an addict- a few years back,” she said before she could stop herself and Joan very deliberately did not stop rubbing her bony ankle.
Sherlock looked down to where they were joined and where John had rather…lost interest. “We’re going to have to start all over again, aren’t we?” he grumbled, crossing his arms over his bare chest.
Ronda didn’t wait for her to finish before punching her square in the jaw. Sherlock leaped forward to fight back before finding her arms caught by Ronda’s friends who smashed her head against the sink. She felt her skin split open, the blood clouding her eyes, and then heard one of the girls, Barbra or something, whisper “oh shit.”
Sherlock was dreaming. He hated dreaming, as his dreams were often bloody and violent, filled with syringes and doctors in white coats and broken blonde boys in pools of blood.
“When we get to the park,” Cynthia laid out as they settled into the car, “you can go off on your own. But everyone meets at the entrance by closing time.”
Hamish nodded. “Yeah and then Daddy said that if two daddies also love each other very much they can have a baby ands also if two mommies love each other very much only I have issues with that on account of how Lucie in room nine has a mommy who lives in London and a Daddy who lives in France cause they don’t like each other so then how can they have a baby if they don’t love each other very much?”
John picked up the bag, turning it over in his hands. “We’re flushing this down the toilet,” he said, making an effort not to shake.
“Look Papa,” Hamish exclaimed, undeterred by his tragic father by the doorpost. “This is you and Daddy, and here’s the house! And there’s Uncle Greg with a gun! Daddy said I’m not allowed to shoot a gun an that only policemen shoot guns only you have a gun and I know cause I saw it with my very own eyeballs when you were cleaning it once so are you a policeman in secret like Batman?”
“I saw it in a shop and thought of you, so I got it.”
So the STI result sheet on the kitchen table was a bit of a shock.
“I cannot fucking wait to get out of this place,” he muttered instead and Sherlock offered him the cigarette. It tasted like the inside of his father’s palm and he spit on the grass behind them.
Hey loves, I did warn you about the delay. Now, I don't wanna any complaints- I'm posting this in a hotel on holiday. Feel my love for you guys.
“We’re making Valentine’s Day cards!” Hamish explained cheerfully, brandishing a pair of child’s scissors. “Papa’s helping me.”
“You wanna tell me about it?” John encouraged from the sink.
Holding the gun with one hand, Hamish fished in his pocket for his mobile and dialed his honourary uncle. It rang a few times before Lestrade finally picked up.
“Vivi, it’s been too long,” Cynthia said as the car doors opened behind her and two children stepped out.
I think I might love you Mike. Door’s open.
And then he took his lit cigarette and held it to Sherlock’s collarbone.
“It’s okay, Papa,” he eased. “Daddy’s just grumpy.”
“Relax Harry, we were just sleeping,” John explained calmly, walking over to his sister.
“Yeah, Daddy showded me how the pool works,” Hamish clarified proudly. “We even looked at a water molilipop.”
Every single eye in the room fell to him. “Hamish-“ John started softly but the boy turned and bolted, sobbing as he fled down the hall.
John ground his teeth and absently kissed Hamish’s head. “You are very smart, baby,” he murmured and then went to make dinner before Hamish could ask what was going on.
“We’ll have to stop at my apartment first so I can get rainboots if you want us to go wading in that trash heap,” Joan said, looking disgusted but not saying no, and Sherlock was grateful that everything was out in the open now so she didn’t have to worry about whatever her face was showing in response.
“Uh hu,” the girl nodded, a smirk playing in her eyes. “It’s okay here, you know. No one’s gonna give you crap about it. It’s cool to be a lesbian here- mean’s you’re outside the male-sex economy or something like that.”
John grabbed at Sherlock’s hips, bones sharp in his hands, and Sherlock rolled his hips into the thrusts experimentally, smiling widely as John arched against him and let out a groan of his own.
“You like me,” she said, just to hear it confirmed, and Joan didn’t deny it, only nodded. She looked particularly good that morning, green tank-top showing off her arms and decorated with a small feminist button on the hem, with thick metal bracelets on her right arm.
“No,” Sherlock heard himself moan distantly, as though he was someone else. “Stay with me.”
“True,” Sherlock noted, and then shot John the kind of grin that had the technicians in his brain forgetting they were satisfied for the next year and a half. “Well we ought to get started on fixing that right now, don’t you think?”
“I know,” he said and the two men, one grown and one still clinging to childhood by the fringes, parted. John watched Sherlock walk away, receding into the streets of London until he was as small as a star. And then he closed the door.
she asked and he could have sighed himself. Why didn’t people ever ask original questions?
“Can I help you?” Sherlock asked, oddly patient. They’d spent all of Saturday constructing a trap for the guy who’d been mugging everyone over by the Myrtle Street station and she’d spent nearly all of Sunday unconscious, only waking when Mycroft came in to force her to eat.
“Really?” John pushed, not satisfied to leave well enough alone. “I vividly remember you warning me off him not a week ago.”
She looked so earnest, holding on tight to Sherlock’s hands and leaning well across the table to meet her eyes that all Sherlock could mumble was, “Technically, it wasn’t robbery.”
“You saved me John,” he told the older boy, his voice finally shaking. “You’ll be a great doctor.”
“They only check the cameras if something goes missing,” Sherlock said as she pushed the fence back into place so no-one walking by would ever notice something amiss. “And nothing is, because we’re not taking anything. We’re just looking. Now come on.”
“Sherlock, you came!” a voice yelled loudly in her ear and Sherlock suddenly found herself in the arms of Marcie.
Sherlcok bristled. “I’m more than capable of keeping our relationship a secret for the benefit of your friends.”
“Do you need to step out?” Sherlock checked and Joan shook her head emphatically.
“No, forget it,” she sighed, standing up. She tugged down her vest from where it had ridden up on her stomach and pushed her untouched carton towards Mycroft with more gentleness than she’d shown all evening. “Thank you for eating with me. Goodnight.”
“Radical feminism is political, yeah, because it recognizes that a group of individuals, i.e. men,” and here she paused as half the room snickered, “have organized together for power over women, and that they have set up institution s throughout society to maintain this power. The political oppression of women has its own class dynamic. As women, we are living in a male power structure, and our roles become necessarily a function of men. The services we supply are service s to the male ego. We are rewarded according to how well we perform these services. Our skill -- our profession -- is our ability to be feminine: and that is, dainty, sweet, passive, helpless, and sexy-- in other words, everything to help reassure man that he is primary.”
“I’ll keep him safe,” the inspector promised and John nodded.
“There was a murder this morning,” he informed her. “My team brought the body. Can you look at it?”
Hamish nodded and then, before he could blink, Mycroft had a small hand looped through his. “Do you have yummy toothpaste? Papa bought me my own special toothpaste that tastes like strawberries only not really cause real strawberries taste sweetier and it kinda tastes more like candy strawberries and I’m allowed to swallow it cause it doesn’t have flowers in it so it won’t give me tummy problems so do you have strawberry toothpaste without flowers?”
“What college are you in?” Mary asked politely and Joan didn’t skip a beat.
“Excellent idea,” Victoria whispered to Cynthia, hand on her shoulder. “Brilliant.”
“Yeah, since I was only four,” Hamish expounded. “Uncle Mycroft accidentally told me once and then said if I didn’t tell you he would buy me an action figure.”
"Your father and I solved cases across the world," his Pa spoke up softly. "We've received awards, prizes; your Dad's refused knighthood four times. We've had princes, kings, statesmen and even your Uncle Mycroft credit us with saving their lives.
“No one could have been enough,” John said comfortingly. “You were just a kid yourself, you shouldn’t have had to play parent.”
“Why Victoria Park?”
Hamish sniffed. “His name is Paulie Peters Smith the Third,” he protested as John handed him the stuffed rabbit. The small boy grabbed the poor thing and clutched it to his chest, burrowing beneath the duvet.
“Which would make you my boyfriend,” John winked at him.
“Here I am,” Hamish echoed and it was an unexpectedly blissful moment. Annemarie stood and reached out to him and Hamish did not even hesitate before hugging her. It was a brief hug, mother though she was they were still relatively strangers, but a warm hug nevertheless.
Hamish shook his head, black curls flopping every which way. “Nope. We ate pasketti and meatballs; Daddy fed us,” he explained.
“Basically,” John said warily, still backed up.
Hamish paused and both Sherlock and John held their breaths, scared of what the precocious and uncensored boy might ask. After a long moment though, Hamish opened his mouth and asked, “Can I go play with my cars now?”
“I cannot fucking believe you made me crawl through a sewer,” Joan murmured, and maybe it was the water in Sherlock’s ears but she sounded almost fond.
“No,” Sherlock said, forcing himself to move away from that touch as the rope inside him broke into pieces. “We need to.”
We did it people! We made it to the very last chapter. The people have spoken and we shall have a series! Expect bridge chapters very soon. Those should be oodles of fun. And angst. But mostly fun.
Mycroft shook his head. He had never, till this point, looked back on his childhood and bemoaned the fact he hadn’t been
“She does, but she’s been quiet this week. Sherlock, what happened?”
“First one dressed doesn’t have to do their chore tonight,” he offered, smiling, and fourteen kids jumped like demons from their beds, running to the too-small bathroom in the back of B221.
Sherlock hummed around him and John was so glad he was slightly tipsy because otherwise he would have exploded by now.
“Well, it’s only that class ended nearly an hour ago and no one’s picked Hamish up. I’ve tried calling his…fathers but no one’s answered me.”
“-but there were a few unclear characters,” Mrs. Emily went on as through she hadn’t been interrupted. “This man with a gun, for example. Hamish said this was his uncle?”
John bit his lower lip to keep from laughing. “I would never say that,” he promised, kissing his son’s head. “Just, if you want to paint the walls, next time ask Daddy for your paint set and some paper, okay love?”
“I’ll miss your face,” Sherlock said, reaching up fingers to rub across John’s cheeks.
“Not really,” John confessed. “But a hell of an adrenaline spike.”
“Sherlock?”
I gotta be honest- this whole chapter is just Joan and Sherlock dancing around in their socks to music from the 60s.
“Okay,” Sherlock nodded, getting up. A hand held him back and John smiled at him from the bed.
“Hardly everyone,” Sherlock scoffed but he turned a light pink and John grinned.
“We would be great additions to the Polar Bear Club,” Joan insisted in a continuation of an old argument neither of them took seriously. “And besides, cold water is great for immunity.”
John blinked. “Hamish, that’s a grand cello,” he whispered faintly.
“Look, you need-“
“Hullo Daddy,” he chirped from the doorway as John hung up his coat. When Sherlock didn’t answer however, he just shrugged and wandered inside.
Sherlock’s voice echoed out of the darkness, a small lump on the other side of the bed. “Do you ever think,” he asked, wavering and fragile, “you might not be quite normal?”
John’s in the kitchen when he crumples to the floor, gasping for air. Sherlock doesn’t touch him, even though his body is screaming at him to. He directs John from across the room, instructing him in breaths, fast through the noise, slow out the mouth. He waits till John’s breathing steadies before he goes to the bathroom to get him water, giving him space.
“Take your trousers off first,” John laughed into his mouth and Sherlock laughed back, their foreheads pressed together as they pulled off their pants. It was clumsy and messy and they both fell into the bed giggling like children.
“I don’t know love, you can ask him,” he said, handing the phone over to Sherlock who took it with the air of a man on death row.
Sherlock,” John moaned, twisting against the leather seats. “Second favorite part of you.”
Teenage Hamish is fun. Honestly, why didn't I do this sooner? Note to self: always listen to you guys. Y'all are geniuses.
Laurel let out a little giggle and then turned back to the collected terrified faces. “These are pretty cool. They're costumes, no?”
“Cause you’re so good with them,” she encouraged and he flushed. He suddenly spotted a pale figure on the other side of the fire and paused. Sarah followed his line of sight and smiled.
Especially because Joan had refused to do any case solving this whole week as they took their midterms. Soccer practice had been put on hold until next term and Joan was threatening an all-nighter as they both prepared for their chemistry exam. Sherlock wasn’t particularly stressed, she’d memorized the textbook last year in a fit of boredom, but Joan was a ball of nerves and steadfastly refusing to let Sherlock tutor her after what they both acknowledged as the disaster of the calc quiz.
“Two copies of the uniform order,” she said, coming over closer to the desk to better loom over the still sitting Richards. “Easily the most expensive part of the team’s budget. A great way to hide a few hundred dollars laundered out; shirts for returning team members who haven’t grown, padding for members that don’t exist. But hiding $2000? That’s too much for one order.
Um so, this is my life now. I'm researching the stuff I love, working a demanding job that makes me so happy and fighting bureaucracy every step of the way. It's a good life.
“Alright, I trust you.”
“I won’t let some societal norm keep us apart!” he protested. “Love goes beyond those ridiculous boundaries-“
“Very,” John agreed and they continued down Main Street, hands linked.
“I’m just excited,” she said. “Moon landing, and our very first sleepover.”
“Quite observant, for a six-year-old,” John remarked, smirking.
“No, I can’t,” she agreed. “But, I can run my mouth and raise enough eyebrows that somebody comes down here to investigate and, well, they might find some things I couldn’t. And what a risk that would be. Wouldn’t it just be easier to give us what we want?”
The need to snoop was undeniable but Sherlock restricted herself, quite herculean-ly she felt, to rummaging through the papers on the living room table and under Joan’s bed. All she discovered were several letters to Laurie Watson from a few different men, unpaid bills, and a hairbrush handle under Joan’s mattress that she put back immediately. It only confirmed what she already knew from the moment she’d walked in- the Watsons were quite comfortably on the poverty line, Laurie Watson’s drug problem was only the tip of her poor life choices and no man had ever lived long-term in the apartment. Which meant Joan’s mysterious father must have-
“I want you so bad, babe,” she sang and Sherlock kept laughing, helpless, before her giggles turned into a shriek as Joan’s fingers tickled at her sides and her stomach hurt.
“I was never the smartest of men,” John excuses and Sherlock could cry. He does.
Mycroft said nothing as he tied up the braid and then shifted on the couch so they could make eye contact, if they wanted to. Neither did. “Sherlock-“ he started, swallowed, and then started again.
“Shutting up,” Hamish promised and then Bossman was next to him and the gun was very close to his ribs. Fuck, he was going to have to take a gamble.
“She’s good,” Hamish said, moving up as the line shifted. “We’re good. It’s a little hard with her in London and me in Cambridge but we’re managing. I see her when I come home on weekends and we skype a lot.”
That was not what she’d expected her to say. “What?” Sherlock shot back but Joan had already turned to speak to Mary.
“I just-“ Sherlock stammered. “I don’t want you getting hurt because of me.”
and air rushes into their lungs. Cynthia bursts into tears. Harry lets Mycroft pet her head, shaking into his shoulder. Sherlock lets the rope inside him unfurl.
“One of them,” John smiled indulgently. “You’re gonna be my other one.”
Sherlock had said and Mycroft,
John’s eyes widened. “Why are
“I kissed him,” Sherlock confessed and he saw Mycroft’s eyebrows shoot up.
Hamish looked scandalized. “Oh my flowerpot!” he exclaimed, throwing his tiny arms up. “Who would ever do such a not nice evil thing? Did daddy punch them in the nose like he did that one time when there were three men in a black van and you pulled out the gun I'm not posed to tell anyone that you have cause it’s a super hush hush secret?”
Whereupon Hamish promptly burst into tears.
on mars, not oxynagen and they sent a robot to mars Hamish, not a rabbit. But if you wore a space helmet you’d be okay.”
Knickerbocker Ave was closer to her than Joan so the odd trio walked the four blocks to her apartment before stopping outside. Joan let go of Mary with a squeeze and saw her to the front door of her building.
“Shulie!” someone yelled across the mass and Shulamith looked over her shoulder before turning back. “I’m so sorry, I need to wrangle somebody or something apparently. But hold on a moment-“ she asked, digging in her backpack before coming up with a pen. She took Joan’s hand, pushed back the sleeve of her denim jacket and scrawled out a series of numbers on her palm.
“- and then away we’ll go,” John finished softly, letting his arms wrap around the boy.
“Yes mum,” everyone, including the Holmeses, chorused and Cynthia beamed.
“Bill’s a mess after James,” Sarah confesses. “Those two were close as brothers. Riley’s good. Sam finished his tour last week, got home just fine. Who else was in your unit?”
“Do have a good night,” Sherlock called from the doorway. “And tell your husband about the lost money; it’s better he hear it from you than from your mother-in-law.” And with that, the two of them rushed out of the reception classroom.
The second he was gone, John burst out laughing. “You utter berk,” he cried, clutching his sides. “Coming up and just lying-“
Sherlock nodded, swallowing, as John slid off his shirt and rubbed his chest, stopping to pinch his nipple with a wink.
