“I should’ve listened to you,” she said after a time - too long, everything was just taking too long - just before they reached Coney Island. FRIDAY and Vision had somehow managed to redirect traffic, giving them the fastest and most direct route. “You were right. I gave him the suit and I didn’t even,” she cut herself off and gazed at the billowing pillar of smoke ahead of them, aware that everyone on the other end of the line were probably listening in to her spewing her heart out to T’Challa, “I didn’t even train him how to use it. I should’ve taken responsibility for what I’d given him. Instead I just...I took away his only form of protection and he walked into
Nat, or did you miss the part where she said it could
and was likely the most undignified noise he’d ever made in his adult life.
“Stay away from Toni, Wanda,” he said finally.
There was a beat where Barton looked at Cap, then at Wanda, who gave him a reassuring if tremulous smile, before he stalked across the room to the west exit and disappeared through it without a backward glance.
… “Okay.” She bit her lip and started again, revising her previous course of action. “Okay. Has Rhodey said anything?”
Because the people didn’t want to hear Toni Stark spewing legal jargon and politics. They’d be hearing that for months to come.
, being the operative word - to write papers about them, something she’d once gotten a laugh out of.
Buck wouldn’t have kept it to himself. It wasn’t in his nature. He would’ve told Toni himself.
He opened his eyes into a dimly lit room and someone talking, the sound muffled slightly. There was a warm feeling by his ribs and he blinked slowly in confusion at the dark lump there where the voice seemed to be emanating from.
“Hey,” she said with a worried smile. “Welcome back. You nodded off halfway, there. You know you
as if he was so certain that he could control whatever happened to Bucky during the surgery. “Doctor Cho knows what she’s doing. If Princess Shuri’s had a hand in it, well,” Steve continued with a shrug, “then we both know it’s going to be fine.” Bucky waited for the inevitable and wasn’t disappointed when Steve spoke again, hesitation and deeply-rooted self-consciousness lined in every syllable. “And if you’re worried about
“And now you pull
“You wanna come to the gym?” Sam inquired, but his tone held little room for argument. It was a pointed and really quite obvious intervention that reminded him a little of when T’Challa had first come to him and practically thrown him into the frightening and relentless jaws of his sister.
There were empty coffee mugs and glasses of half-finished juice, and paper and tablets scattered around them. She recognized some of it as Accords stuff, others as Rhodey’s braces, and she saw the word B.A.R.F. thrown around a lot. Some strange mix of emotions rolled around in her belly as pieces slotted themselves together in her mind.
and not with the United Nations either. Playing the last one to her advantage was going to be the crucial, deciding factor in ensuring everything sorted itself out for the better. She had a vague idea of how to do that, how to prove to the UN and the still virginal Council that changes needed to be made. The Panel meant to oversee the Avengers and any other enhanced group didn’t even exist yet, but maybe she was jumping the gun a little with that. She’d need to speak to Rhodey, Pepper and her entire goddamn legal team before she could even begin to bring this shit before the UN.
"Why do you hate him so much?"
Still a dick move, though. Still a
“Good as can be,” he managed to reply, his hands squeezing the opposite elbows.
“Yes.”
Then Toni watched with a heart that was increasingly turning to mush, as he spun the skateboard so it was wheels-up and showed them both the underneath where they’d somehow managed to carve - using what Toni could only guess was the electric chisel she couldn’t seem to find - in perfect, loopy script,
“Toni,” he asked softly, and she knew what was coming next. “What happened in Siberia?”
“Much. And I, uh. I guess you can call me Laura.”
he wanted to ask but couldn’t get his mouth to work.
It was almost enough.
Unnecessary stress, Nat repeated in her head.
“My scans are showing multiple cracked ribs and a broken femur. There seems to be some damage to his back, indicative of him falling from a great height or something falling on
“Not an aircraft of any kind, Boss. They have
Stark’s smile widened, cold and cruel but her eyes were tight around the edges, belying some complicated conflict of emotion that Bucky couldn’t hope to unpack.
Kamala’s polymorphing capabilities were one of the highlights of Toni’s life so far, but like she’d done with Peter, she kept her more zealous scientific needs to herself because studying kids, studying
“Why didn’t you call Clint when it all went down?”
“Don’t fix it unless it’s broken,” she remarked thoughtfully, “and if it is make sure you’ve got a Toni Stark on hand.”
“Too soon?” Steve chuckled and Bucky shrugged his smile coming easier and truer this time.
She stopped the thought in its tracks and resumed listening to the German representative condemn the events at Leipzig but acknowledge - thank fucking god - the need for people like the Avengers and other enhanced groups in the event of a Level Ten catastrophe. The Chitauri had been labeled Level Ten.
, he looked just then. “What did you see, Toni?”
“FRIDAY’s showing life signs on levels sixteen through thirty of Roxxon. Huge cluster on the top three floors; I see the hostages. There’s a stairwell on the west corner that gives you a free access until the fourteenth floor. After that use the elevator shaft. Spider-Man, there’s a collapsed stairwell on level eight blocking escape in your building.”
Vision sighed, and Nat
Her brows furrowed together, then something like understanding and realization filtered through the haze of her green eyes, something like clarity.
Ten minutes later and the room had been cleaned, the anaesthetist rotated, and Barnes remained sedated and oblivious to the rest of the world around him, including a clearly exhausted Shuri who, through the monitor, appeared to be taking a short doze on whatever desk she was at.
There was an extended, concerned silence for a few beats.
Laura laughed derisively. “A great job huh? You know before you came along Cooper and Lila fought with me almost every day. I wasn’t doing this right; I wasn’t helping Lila with her schoolwork, I wasn’t on time to take Coop to lacrosse practice. And at night I’m running to Nate’s room to change his diaper or feed him and it is
“Shit,” she cursed, shaking her head, the fog dissipating, and she sat back down. The seat was cool; she didn’t think she’d been standing for that long. “Sorry. I’m, uh-”
It was disappointment. In himself.
Steve had been so red in the face even as he laughed until his eyes watered.
, said his heart.
He looked tired but well, a far better image in person than what her frightened mind had conjured up for her. His wheelchair was standard hospital issue but he looked every bit the strong military man that she knew he was and could easily intimidate and outclass a room full of billionaires.
“That was one hell of a punch,” she remarked idly, as if one side of her face wasn’t already swelling. “I hear where you’re coming from
She closed her eyes. “I hate him,” she admitted.
“Increasing output…c’mon, c’mon, c’mon,” she uttered. “Reaching equilibrium...
“Noted.”
“Tell me how.”
“Maybe I want to bring him here so I can finish the job,” she murmured not taking her eyes off T’Challa, waiting to see his reaction.
“Why...why’re there three arms?” he asked, slowly raising his gaze up to hers.
“Vis, you— You
“Don’t lie to me, Toni. I
Behind Toni, Nat grimaced, sending him a
She tossed the phone in front of her just as Vision sat down next to her and gave her a warm mug of hot chocolate. She’d told Vision about what had happened in Siberia. She couldn’t tell Rhodey yet. Maybe ever. That was a lie, he had to hear it from her at some point. But the words weren’t coming out of her mouth any time soon and Rhodey had honed a level of patience over his many years of dealing with her and knew when and when not to push.
. Somehow he hadn’t expected her to and yet it hurt like a lance through his chest. “You sign them and you get your sorry ass back to your
He stopped a couple of feet away and quietly cleared his throat.
Red, white and blue.
Vision closed his eyes and his world narrowed down to one point, a single pixel of white. It was a mere flicker in a world, a universe of light and sound, of movement and erratic channels. It was three minutes. And it was all he needed.
to listen to him. It was the biggest blessing in the world, having him on their side.
, and alone, alone,
that she had done her duty, like there was some internalized standard or goal that she had privately set herself up to achieve and was neutrally content that she had done so.
Bucky considered him then nodded. “Yeah, you did. We both did. Mine...mine was worse.”
and experimentation and getting struck by lightning, we were
“I dare say you have. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Toni has told me a lot about you,” he said calmly and Toni barely suppressed a wince. Wrong thing to say.
PHEW. It has been one hell of a ride and we're finally at a major turning point! I hope this in some way makes up for my absence.
responsibility. Whatever happens, we are not helpless. We will do what we must and we will endure. Just as we always have.”
“What the hell?” she whispered, landing on the ground in front of the lines of public safety and emergency service personnel were standing, gazing up at the scene in awe.
When it was all over, the last recording ended on Peter’s view of the bay and the ferry that Toni had helped fix, right before she laid into him in a way he didn’t deserve.
“Hovers,” she finished for him. “Well-meaning but still,” she shrugged unapologetically, “a nuisance.”
And Steve felt like he’d been making all the wrong ones.
“Not even Jim or Pepper know?” Hope asked, her deep voice filled with disbelief.
. Because
Sam flicked his gaze to Toni in what she surmised was wariness. Taking pity on him, Toni sighed and rolled her eyes.
“Hmm,” Helen hummed as she slid her micro scalpel against one edge of the shoulder panel and lifted it ever so carefully away. “See that?” she murmured, and the micro camera pinned to her cap zoomed in automatically, giving everyone a clear view of the discolored skin on the screens. “Just as we suspected. HYDRA’s technology has been eating away at his flesh for years.”
He was different. There was something a little
She owed Peter an apology, something she was
“As ready as I’ll ever be, I guess.”
As Helen worked, the nurses cleaned up and brought in the sterilized equipment and machinery for the new implant, and Toni allowed herself a brief moment to lean against Barnes’ bed to give herself some time to
But she could not stop.
Natasha inclined her head.
“They are not bad people, Ms. Stark,” T’Challa told her gently, as if she didn’t know, as if she didn’t
Before he could blow a fuse, she calmly stepped around him and towards the concerned-looking group gathered outside of the ladies’ bathroom.
“Hello, Your Highness,” she replied, imbuing a little warmth into her voice because when he looked at her like that, how could she not.
the way they worked around the lab, like she and Vision had a connection that went beyond words. It was even stronger with Colonel Rhodes in a way that spoke of years of friendship and intimacy.
” He cut himself off, pressing his lips together, a familiar tick in his jaw.
- escapades. She enjoyed them all, winced and cringed and had her heart right up to her throat on more than one occasion. But he was spectacular, so much better than she had been at that age.
We've got more Steve here and a bit of Sam (I adore him so much) and some more Laura and Toni. She won't be at the farm for too much longer, because shit's gotta kick off at some point but as I wrote this I just had so. much. love for Laura Fucking Barton and for real, we do not deserve that woman.
“Huh.”
seeing that look on you. And I’m
Toni knew what she was saying but a part of her still didn’t want to -
So for You to single Steve out like that, well.
.” The excitement in her tone almost made him smile.
“Toni?”
Also, I just wanted to highlight that the song Toni sings is from the cartoon "Madeline" and credit for this goes to Copperbadge who used it in his "The Silver Age" series, which is phenomenal and you should all read it. I believe he got the idea from another author as well, but I just wanted to make clear that using the song wasn't my original idea but it got stuck in my head and I thought it fit really well.
He laughed shortly and turned away, bringing one hand to his mouth and taking a few steps away, under the pretense of watching Wanda as she attempted to do something complicated with her hands.
in general.”
“When you walked in just now,” he began, wasting no time, “did you feel any resistance?”
like you. A girl genius fighting the bad guys.” Her smile dropped, and became sheepish. “Well, I guess I’m starting on one of those things, anyway. Might be a little too late to become a genius.”
“I’ll ask him when I email him his contract,” Toni quickly reassured her. “If Strange gives the green light then we can set up a time every week depending on our schedules. I’ll need to run it by your brother as well-”
paranoid.
A long, grounding glance at her watch told her it was nearing three in the morning.
“You’re welcome, Toni.”
Steve waited for him to speak, waited for him to ask the question Steve knew was right on the tip of Rhodey’s tongue:
Luckily for her Helen was a far more well-adjusted human being than she ever was and after the Ultron fiasco, Toni didn’t think she needed to worry about whatever ideas Helen might bring to life.
She would know him anywhere.
“No, seriously, Ms. Stark. It’s fine. I trust KAREN. And I trust you.” He shrugged, feeling weird for saying it but somehow needing to reassure her that that hadn’t changed.
. We need to talk about this man because he was a good man who had his life stripped away until all that was left was a machine. We need to talk about this man because he
“There were other forces in play.” Nat moved closer os their legs aligned, knee to ankle. Nat’s legs were unfairly longer, though. “We couldn’t have stopped them no matter what we did. It was all…”
Once the dishes were done, Toni brought her bag downstairs and they all trudged outside. It was all very doom and gloom and a part of her felt like she was going to her death, so she pressed her nose into Nathaniel’s downy hair and inhaled deeply to ground herself.
“What?” she asked, confused and feeling like she’d been asleep for hours and still it wasn’t enough.
Nat sighed and looked towards the Compound which sat like a glowing monument surrounded by darkness. And when she thought of Toni, small and barefoot and hands covered with burns, bags under her eyes and her shoulders drooped with the weight of everything she had taken upon herself, Nat thought that yeah. Yeah, Toni deserved to be coddled, if even just a little.
Despite FRIDAY’s forewarning of his destination she didn’t think she’d ever not feel that sense of trepidation and dread in his presence and she wasn’t afraid to admit that yeah, she’d enlisted FRIDAY’s help on more than one occasion to avoid bumping into him or any of the others since their arrival at the Compound.
“That’s...oddly touching.”
“I have witnessed you do multiple inadvisable things. In fact your entire life appears to be a series of inadvisable acts and decisions-”
“One year probationary period,” Bucky had remarked first. “That seems,” he trailed off.
Probably the same way he and the others had:
“Good.” She nodded, already turning to leave the same way she came in. “I’m glad. Shuri and Helen will be happy to hear that. I’ll let them know right away.”
“Okay. It’s not a tactic. I was just thinking that if you wanted to take your hands off of the Accords stuff for a bit I’d be happy to deal with it. I think Vision and Rhodey would be willing to take on a little extra as well and maybe T’Challa. We all know his word’s gold, anyway.” She shuffled a little closer to Toni. Before, she might even have reached out and touched her on the arm or the shoulder. “C’mon, Toni. Just trying to take a little bit of the weight off of you, that’s all. We don’t need you to be stretched too thin. Delegation doesn’t mean you’re lazy.” She didn’t add the extra benefit of spreading the heat a little more evenly amongst all of them.
Toni lingered in the doorway of the balcony, watching Stephen as he calmly called out instructions - barely raising his voice - to a sweaty and frustrated-looking Wanda, who was practising on the level below.
for something, anything. But he continued to walk, letting his legs drag him in the same old circle he’d walked countless times before.
. But-” He gestured at the rest of them, all immersed in their own heads, their own problems. “-we’re not good at talking. We never were.” He chuckled and it was sad. “We’ve all got a shit ton of baggage. It would’ve taken a miracle to get us to talk.”
Steve watched the movement of her lips. He thought she might’ve said something like
Rhodey was on screen now, frowning and unamused. “There’s no such thing as a new team or an old team. Look. You’ve heard our stance during the UN talks; we’re working to bring the rest of our team
Vision supplied, phasing through the counter and coming to stand beside Toni, “was a courtesy extended by the head surgeon, namely Doctor Cho. Toni is not obligated to extend the same to you in this scenario.”
met, Toni Stark and Natasha Romanov, two women with more red on their ledgers and even more distrust in their hearts.
“Are you ready, Captain?” And if that wasn’t a challenge, he didn’t know what was.
Spider-Man nodded once, a silent pillar of strength. A
T’Challa was good at this whole oratorial thing. He wasn’t one of those blustery people who engaged a crowd without actually saying anything important. He spoke with authority, something that came natural to him and wasn’t just a product of his royal upbringing. He knew how to sway a crowd with the kind of gentleness that Toni would never be able to possess. It was amazing to watch, nail-bitingly, anxiety-inducingly, spectacularly
Through it all Kamala’s eyes had gotten wider and shinier, her bottom lip trembling as she held back tears and gripped her knees.
She couldn’t promise, so she didn’t. But she had a feeling. And this was her lending credence to her old team, to what they had been and what she knew they could be if they stopped and
“Steve.” He glanced up and Natasha stood next to him, her hands in her back pocket. It felt surreal, seeing her here, having her here with them, a link to the others, a link to a recent past where everything was going right until it wasn’t. Looking at her he could almost reach out and grab it, take it back, take it all back and just
and the others had done. Clint had sense. He’d been a part of SHIELD. He
have to decide what she is to you. You never really had any argument with her. Besides, she’s good at what she does. Avenging and spying and strangling people with her thighs.”
. Friends turning on each other, though? That was
Laura stopped short when she saw Toni, scrutinized her from head to toe in a way that made Toni feel like a reprimanded child, then let out a puff of air, her expression simultaneously fond and exasperated.
He didn’t know the woman who stood in front of millions and fought for his freedom. He didn’t know the woman who made Steve close his eyes in pain when she declared to the governments of the world that Earth needed the Avengers. He didn’t know the woman who had no reason to help him but who gave Shuri a way to fix him anyway.
Steve suppressed a wince.
,” Steve hissed, unable to stop himself, then glanced around discreetly to make sure no one had been alerted to his outburst.
Bucky stilled and met his gaze, and Steve was distantly aware of Sam turning down the TV and Wanda and Nat shifting around in their respective seats.
“If you need me,” she whispered against Laura’s ear as they held one another. “If you ever
Rhodey snorted and lifted his glass of water. “Amen to that.”
“Could be on another planet for all we know,” Toni sighed, rubbing her fingers together to warm up the still-cold tips. She thought of Bruce and his big hands that had always been warm, the same kind of warmth he’d saved occasionally for her but almost always for Natasha.
in her eyes. You couldn’t fake this. At least Toni couldn’t. “You all know why you’re here today. We’ve been talking about the Accords, about contracts, about foreign policy and international law. And I can honestly say that a lot of this is new to me. Legalese isn’t easy to get through. It’s why I have an army of lawyers to make sure that I...that
Time was filled and when it wasn’t, it was short enough that he could appreciate the relaxation.
“I,” Toni began, awkwardly, “I’m a little dense so I don’t think I follow-?”
Then he’d put the t-shirt back in place, let it hang there amidst the rest of his things, a reminder of what he’d given up.
Her smile dipped into an apologetic grimace and his mood sank with it. “The algorithm I’ve created will help to remove the effects the trigger words have on you and most if not all of HYDRA’s brainwashing with it,” she explained. “But the human mind is a complicated, complex thing. Other things could trigger you, Sergeant Barnes. Make you lash out or make you afraid. That’s...that’s how PTSD works. It’s what years of trauma does. And,” she sighed, looking sadder beyond what he thought she should ever experience, “that’s not something I can fix in this lab.”
“Because I saw what hatred did to my brother. I watched it. He called me, you know? After my fa-” Her voice broke and her hands were clutching the hem of her t-shirt, twisting tightly as she were gripping at the very foundations of her only remaining strength. “He called me and my mother. We had already seen it happen but he still called to let us know. And he told us who did it. Who he
“Agent Fern,” he observed. “Hill’s protege.”
Because he would’ve known that it was the right thing to do.
Yeah. She knew a little about penance.
“I know. But that does not mean you cannot help him. You already are. You are helping
It was about Barnes.
“Imperialism is a bitch,” she agreed tiredly. “Oh, look. T’Challa’s up.”
“I thought you might be pleased, Colonel,” FRIDAY remarked brightly, then added in a more subdued voice that Toni
And Peter—
She breathed in through her nose, glaring up at him. “But he’s
At least none that was aimed at Bucky.
“Or both,” Toni supplied gently.
Toni opened and closed her mouth a couple of times. “You know I’m pretty sure he hates my guts right now,” she felt the need to point out, a little amused when Laura let out a snort. She didn’t say that she kind of hated him too.
Her shoulders, which had risen tightly up, almost to her ears, fell as she let out a long breath.
“Only one of those options sounds likely.” His throat felt tight and the knuckles of his fist were white from gripping the edge of the table. “How?” he asked, and his voice came out so cracked and desperate that he didn’t recognize the sound emanating from his mouth. “How do I fix this, Nat?”
change how good he was at this, at being exactly what she needed.
Toni drew her strength from her friends, from the team in this room that she had rebuilt, from Hope and Stephen and the kids whom Vision was discreetly live-streaming for. She drew her strength from FRIDAY and the bots. From Pepper and Happy. And Ana and Jarvis. From her parents. From herself. From the memories of a shield over her head. From the burst of fear from a hand in her chest. She drew her strength from a nuke and a wormhole and an endless expanse of black and starlight, beautiful and terrifying.
“You’re leaving, aren’t you, Aunt Toni?”
from Peter’s face. He hadn’t deserved that. Once again, she’d done what she thought was right, what she’d had to do. And she’d hurt someone in the process.
that Steve let his hand drop away uselessly.
Don’t waste the time you’ve got with your family. Do what you need to do. Don’t
“You probably didn’t get to do this last time but maybe try looking up at the night sky tonight. It’s a hell of a view. One you don’t really get to see, not even from that tower of yours.”
Vision’s discreet hand on her lower back eased the fidgeting she didn’t even know she’d been doing and she exhaled slowly as T’Challa walked towards her, the corners of his eyes crinkling warmly.
Because whether she liked it or not - and she really,
Like he’d known that she could be this petty.
Avengers back to America.” Laura didn’t miss the
T’Challa regarded her with something akin to sympathy, empathy,
“Hey, Peter.”
He looked back down into the training room just in time to see Toni leap from her spider swing and Steve’s heart lurched in his throat during the bare half a second where she remained airborn with nothing but a thirty-foot drop below.
Toni blinked, the present catching up to her in a roaring wave and she shook her head, squinting away the black.
“My promises,” she mouthed to herself under her breath, and saw them shift in the periphery of her vision. “My,” she said, a little louder, just loud enough for them all to hear, “
at him over her shoulder, feeling both full and hollow all at once when she saw the stricken look on his beautiful -
you keep up to date on all the latest developments in the industry. I just thought you might wanna see…” She let the non-mention of his hands hang in the air and felt his hands curl into unsteady fists in her palms.
Perhaps that was one of the problems. Because she remembered the bed and the room. She remembered the wooden beams on the ceiling, the moonlight shining through the windows and across the foot of the bed.
If she took a step back, if she removed herself from her body and just observed, she thought she could separate the emotion from the visual representation before her. She thought she could see what any other person would see when they looked at Steve right then.
God, she was tired.
“Anytime, Ma’am.”
It was in the moment before she fell asleep completely that she realized she should’ve asked FRIDAY what exactly had happened in Siberia.
Rhodey winked. “S’up, kid. Pretty neat, huh? This is only the...eighty-ninth pair?”
Bucky looked him in the eye then cracked a small, quiet smile.
. Toni gazed at her and wondered whether, if her father had only been proud of his daughter rather than envious, if her mother had spent more time with her, time that Toni had yearned for because she loved her so much, if Ana had taken her away to her country more often, if Peggy had put her above SHIELD, if Jarvis hadn’t died when she’d needed him most, if her parents hadn’t been murdered by the Winter Soldier...if she would’ve ended up like Shuri. Loved. A genius nurtured rather than secreted away because she couldn’t be cleverer than Howard. If she would’ve ended up
T’Challa arched a brow at her and Toni struggled not to squirm under the intensity of his gaze. Journalists scenting blood in the water and politicians who enjoyed tearing billionaire geniuses down in front of millions had
, and admire her from a lateral distance and try not to step on her toes. Teenagers were fucking scary. Princesses doubly so.
Much like the real Jarvis, Ana and Maria Carbonell that she remembered from her youth with stark clarity. When things were better. When she was still young and the sun still shone and her family was
“Hello, Ma’am.”
She made it about three steps before Stephen called her name— "
Through it all, and even a couple of weeks later once he’d had the chance to see a little more, he couldn’t help the small voice in the back of his mind that whispered,
“Well, not that this wasn’t a riveting conversation but I’m going to bed.”
As lost as she had been.
But the
“Yes and no. Bruce intended the original design for himself but there was always going to be the issue of transporting a Hulk in rage-mode from wherever to here. He intended it as a prison. Probably still would if he were here right now but I saw something else.” She turned and looked him dead in the eye. “Bruce wanted something Hulk-proof and we spent months trying to figure it out for his own peace of mind. He called it The Room. Kinda like a timeout, I guess. We had adamantium cages and tranqs and suppressors of all kinds but when we tested it out they all fell pretty short of the mark. And then he disappeared,” she said at last, the reminder stinging like an open wound. “And I didn’t really want to do it without him but I saw merit in what he’d created. So I made something new. Kept the general idea but tweaked it a bit.”
“I can fix it,” she said instead, because there were some situations where words were pointless. “
“Other than you, Steve and Barnes, no one.” Natasha’s narrowed in on the subtle shift of Toni’s shoulders, like she was hiding a flinch. “That I am aware of. Besides King T’Challa,” she amended for the sake of clarity.
This was wide and sprawling and full of machinery and glass walls that partitioned the different sections of the lab. It was bright, the lights on the circumference of the lab taking on a softer glow akin to sunlight through sheer curtains. There were screens upon screens, holo emitters, half-drawn schematics - some of them on actual paper while others were floating 3D-generated creations.
Lips curling upward at the corners, Vision took a cautious step closer as if heedful of her reaction to his proximity the whole time. And when had that started? Or had she always been so self-absorbed that she never realized she might’ve given Vision cause to feel unsure and insecure around her? That maybe she’d made him feel
Laura’s presence gave her momentum, a kind of structure that she was never good at maintaining but
Everyone was quiet now. Waiting. The silence roared in his ears as the camera switched to Toni once more, a better angle, closer.
Toni watched in horror as a series of smaller explosions spanning the height of Rhodey’s building went off from top to bottom, sending the upper floors crashing down.
“I met her. She directed me here. She’s quite the CEO.”
“I died.”
“Where did you get this?” she breathed, rolling the externally innocuous sphere between her fingers.
Toni looked up and met her eyes. “But you didn’t,” she said softly and Shuri shook her head.
“I feel...like I have failed,” he informed her with such blunt finality that she was rendered momentarily speechless.
Vision found himself inclining his head as he looked down at her. “People change, Wanda. Even myself,” he said softly. “Nine months under the circumstances we were in is a long time.”
“Please,” the disembodied voice said, sounding sincerely apologetic and unapologetically
“You’re letting her stay?” Vision asked calmly as he fitted one of the panels of the holo-emitter, one of the newer components for B.A.R.F., into place. He gave no indication of his own thoughts on their first returnee, and Toni didn’t expect him to.
Whether she had made
“What the hell, Toni,” she said, with sleep-deprived huskiness.
were the only one who asked about my work and actually cared what I had to say. I’m glad we kept in touch. A few bumps in the road but...we’ve done quite well so far, haven’t we?”
It was a small, spherical golden bead with a delicate chain looped through the middle. She thought it might have been adamantium given the sturdiness, and wondered whether it had been FRIDAY or Vision who had shown them where she kept her extremely private store.
had done that to him.”
“Doctor Strange,” the girl interrupted slowly, something like intrigue and wonder in that smoky voice of hers. “I’ve seen you on the news.”
. I’m just testing out the command sequencing first. Make sure they do what they’re told and perform the way I need them to.”
“Boss, structural integrity of Gunner and Maxwell at forty percent; sensors suggesting some type of thermobaric bomb. The building isn’t going to hold for much longer.”
Helen had watched her impassively; there was no trace of the excitement of innovation that she’d exhibited only a year ago. She’d spoken after a long moment.
“Sometimes?”
“You are angry today,” she observed. She tended to do that: observe and then voice her own observations.
The door slammed shut, echoing in the hollowness of the empty hallway.
He paused, finger still on the pump of the spray bottle, then continued to mist the
He smiled, tired and haggard but thankfully real enough.
something. Like, take four extra classes, take up three hobbies, join all these programs guaranteed to get you into your best school. And that...that
It was like watching two magnets fighting against their very nature.
with a Siberian gale, a wailing wormhole, the
Because she had looked back at him. Because she hadn’t immediately turned away.
“A sorcerer,” he corrected easily.
“I saw you on TV. It was a good speech, the one on Bucky Barnes. So were the rest of them.” She sounded like each word of praise was a handful of rusty nails in her mouth and Nat almost smiled.
“Hey,” she panted, squeezing her eyes shut to shake away the cobwebs and opening them again. “Easy, girl. Not a heart attack. That’s good. Anxiety I can…” Deal with? Questionable. “Handle. We can handle this. Just. Just give me a moment.”
particularly because it was
When she’d gotten back to the Compound later that evening her phone pinged and she held her breath.
He shook his head in denial because no,
“I know. But I’m still sorry.”
It didn’t need any more explanation than that and Toni eyed the tablet distantly but made to move to take it.
As always, thank you all for your support and your wonderful comments. I'm honestly amazed at how many of you have mentioned shipping IronPanther in this fic and honestly, your excitement is infectious and I've already been thinking about where to timestamp an IronPanther spinoff from this fic because dear god, T'Challa would make SUCH a wonderful boyfriend ❤ So thank you all for inspiring me!
But. Well. She’d been wrong about Toni before. This new revelation was, in its own way, expected.
Stephen had speed-read the Accords - of course he had - and all of their notes, and he and T’Challa were squinting over the definitions of national emergencies. Rhodey and Hope were in a quiet discussion about how to go about things if country heads couldn’t be reached. She and Natasha were video-calling Shanthi McMahon and her sleep-deprived team and putting their final touches on Clint’s appeal. Toni owed them all raises and gift baskets full of Stella McCartney and Vaute Couture.
“It’s up to you, Barnes. Just because you say no to this one doesn’t mean all the other offers are off the table.”
Natasha hummed, thoughtful and distant. “Glad it worked out for you,” she murmured under her breath in a way that made his own catch at the implication.
have the mental or emotional constitution to deal with.
that settled into the subtle droop of her shoulders, like she should’ve known. Like she should’ve expected it. Like all her hopes, the ones she didn’t say aloud but Steve knew were ingrained in her had just been trampled on by his thoughtless and unfair
,” she steamrolled when it looked like he might argue. “I
still echoed in his ears.
“You are welcome.”
“I’m here to help.”
Things were...raw between her and the others. The obvious issues with Toni aside, Rhodey was polite yet distant and there were obvious signs of frustration at his slow PT progress. Toni had paid the staff twice over to give Rhodey personal sessions at the Compound so Natasha had seen his struggles up close. It twisted somewhere deep and painful inside of her to see the military man, always so upright and solid, struggling to get from one end of the parallel bars to the other.
They’d grown something special and strong.
Then Cloak got right up in her face, and she had the distinct impression he was taking her in inch by inch from top to bottom, before wrapping himself around her shoulders and
“I’m assuming you know his real identity?” he asked, watching her curiously.
She balanced the arm on the tips of her middle finger, one in the center of his palm and the other just above the elbow.
She and Steve had always had a different kind of friendship. She loved Steve and she
“You’re not having any second thoughts, are you?”
“It does.”
Without further ado, on with the chapter~
A shadow moved and her gaze snapped towards the corner between the wall and the cupboard. There was a floor-length mirror on one of the cupboard doors, reflecting nothing but black. Unnerved, she made her way over and stood in front of it, inexplicably relieved when the arc reactor illuminated her reflection. She looked like shit and the whole campside horror story image she had going on wasn’t doing her any favours.
Wanda’s face was expressionless but she nodded and curled up in a chair in the corner of the room, scarlet flickering around her fingers. She’d been different ever since the Raft and Steve had been horrified at the state he’d found her in. He knew it had been Ross because Toni would never have let something like that happen to Wanda and sometimes he wondered, if Clint hadn't gone to the Compound, if Wanda hadn't left, if maybe she would've been safe-
“I thought you would never ask.”
“And the neural link?” she prompted, looking towards Vision, who turned around and smiled.
Doctor Cho was extremely thorough in her explanation of every single step of the procedure, from the type of anaesthetic to the removal of every single component of the implant, including how she and her team were going to remove the implement that had literally been carved into his bones.
And then she looked up and Steve knew -
even. “He’s an even better friend.”
Toni looked up and nearly staggered in shock, gasping, only vaguely aware of the litany of words escaping her. “Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god-”
“I’m doing this,” she murmured, sinking into his side, grateful that he let her.
, in which case he knew not to underestimate the princess.
she worried. What would the world say if they ever found out that he’d been harboring international fugitives,
Then he turned back around and resumed misting the plants, continuing to do so long after she had quietly left.
Laura gave her hand a final squeeze then stood up and walked out, leaving Toni with her tools and a metaphor that she didn’t know what to do with just yet.
I never expected to receive the number of comments or kudos or bookmarks as I did for the last chapter, so thank you, thank you, thank you. You've no idea how much it means to me that you're enjoying my fic.
Folding her arms, Laura looked at a point over Toni’s shoulder, somewhere indeterminate and safe, and measured her words carefully.
Stark watched him for a moment longer before speaking.
“To fix the Accords?”
it was to bring up these revisions at the final hearing.
T’Challa regarded her for a few moments before sighing, a note of exasperation escaping along with his breath.
“Guess so. I’ll try to make sure another seventy years don’t go by before you wake up this time.”
can call me Stephen.”
“Thanks, KAREN,” she said quietly as the image disappeared.
It was about Barnes.
people. I don’t regret shoving HYDRA into the spotlight, I never will. But I’ll regret what it cost us.”
A hysterical laugh bubbled out of her throat and Laura ran a hand through her hair, trying to get her breathing under control. More than a month with Toni Stark and she
“If Sergeant Barnes doesn’t have any objections, then of course we will,” Helen kindly reassured her. “And consider this an open invitation to any future surgeries on my end, Princess.”
“A sounding board,” T’Challa supplied. “A counsellor of your own. I understand. I can do that for you. If you will do the same for me.”
Steve walks widdershins around some uncomfortable topics, Toni makes an important call and Vision chooses a path.
Without waiting for a response, she squeezed once more before standing and making her way down to Lang and Laura, leaving Toni behind with more thoughts than she knew what to do with.
“You got it, babe.”
“In the common area with the interns and Princess Shuri, who are apparently conducting an experiment to see whether or not they are capable of keeping Toni’s working hours. They were halfway through an episode of Star Trek the last I saw.”
So without further ado, on with the story! I really hope you enjoy this chapter and do let me know what you think! <3
The Accords had to be just as much about protecting the public as they were about protecting the lives of heroes and enhanced alike. Like Cap had said, they weren’t attack dogs. They were
that door. You shouldn’t have been able to just...
, so visceral that she could almost touch it.
I’m sure she can handle it. From what I’ve seen I think she’ll be fine with Sam and Scott Lang.”
them and sent them back to me faster than the time it takes for T’Challa to say something cringy to Nakia,” she went on sulkily, kicking her foot out. “She modified my algorithm and recommended a higher frequency for the neuromodulator to deepen the reverse engineering process. With more sessions your synapses will eventually re-calibrate themselves - it’s completely safe, by the way, don’t look at me like that -” he hadn’t been looking at her at all; he’d been too preoccupied with his own tumultuous thoughts, “- to that frequency, and expel any traces of brainwashing. It’ll still take time but from my readings Stark has decreased that time by at least half.” She didn’t sound happy about it but Bucky was too overwhelmed to focus on that.
Laura hummed, a thoughtful and distant sound. “I look forward to meeting them. Lila will be so impressed. A
, Steve. Two years since we found out about what Barnes-”
Pushing herself off, Toni strolled around the back of Barnes’ bed and leaned in.
“So you know,” was all she said in the end.
So they sat there in the quiet, Steve struggling in his own way, Toni reticent as she remained where she was, refusing to tear her eyes away from the tablet where the rendering of Barnes’ arm floated lazily.
“Spatial manipulation,” she said, sounding impressed, and Toni was inclined to agree.
, Shuri had spat.
As always, all spelling/grammatical errors are my own.
with what the Accords stand for but maybe if we’d at least
The room they were headed to was all glass walls, so Bucky saw Stark and a woman whom he assumed was Doctor Cho long before they noticed the trio headed their way.
. And I brought him into a fight against people who weren’t holding back because I was so fucking
“He’s right,” Nat said with her arms crossed over her chest. On her other side Vision shifted in a way Toni knew meant he was listening,
“But you have a way of getting things done faster, so I’d rather not.”
, then sighed, quiet and distant and for a second Nat imagined a long-suffering, exasperated old man and a dark-haired little girl out on the lawn on a night like this.
They both jumped when Shuri threw a wrench at one of the white walls and Stephen’s runes flared magnesium-bright, sending the wrench back the way it came. Toni had a brief second of
before resuming her explanation once more, her voice cool and her expression even. “Anyway. This baby is gonna be as perfect as we can get it. Unlike HYDRA’s disaster, we’ve based the weight and range of movement to that of your real arm and it’s got enough Vibranium in it that it’ll be as indestructible as you can get. Unless you decide to fight someone from Wakanda, in which case my advice would be
His ears still rang with the high-pitched tension of his confession.
there? Took her two hours. That’s…” Nat heard the smile in her voice. “Slow.”
He frowned. “Why?”
“Yeah. And other things as well.”
that it threw her back to a time when she thought they’d come to an understanding and could read each other from across the room or could have silent conversations with nothing but quirked eyebrows and quick smiles.
Toni blinked, momentarily forgetting that there was someone else in here with her until a distinctly female-shaped shadow fell across her. She pulled her hands away from where they’d been installing a series of floor sensors. Vision was training with Rhodey at the pool so it was just her and Shuri.
“Duly noted, Agent Fern.”
“I get the same clause as Barton. No field work unless it’s for a very good reason. Colonel Rhodes has to vouch for me. So does Natasha.”
Laura’s arms tightened and she pressed a long kiss into Toni’s hair, murmuring wetly, “Same goes for you. Don’t be a stranger, Toni.”
Steve sighed. “Toni. Toni, I didn’t mean to—”
A flash of metal.
“Yeah,” he agreed. “You think I’d be used to it. I’ve been taking care of that girl since MIT. S’a long time.”
“Wait—”
think, she wondered, when they found out about this place?
“You said that protecting the world was only one of your reasons for joining the Avengers. What was the other?”
that he was trying to say.
Toni and Rhodey shared a look. “You think so?” she asked tentatively.
that sigh but couldn’t place it. “As you wish. King T’Challa leaves for Wakanda the day after tomorrow for the panel representation announcement. We can pass the twin to him then.”
Laura did not in a million years ever expect to see Toni Stark standing in her doorway. A thousand emotions sprung forth from the dam in her chest - surprise, anger, indignation, grief - but Laura had developed ADX-level defences ever since she decided to say ‘yes’ to a date with Clint so control came almost second nature. Even though right now she wanted to either scream or slam the door in the other woman’s face.
?” Before he could answer she continued, her words a messy ramble of nerves that reminded him of Aunt May. “No, I know what you were thinking. You were doing the right thing because that’s just what you do, but
tell us.”
As long as she worked on the Accords with the rest of them, Toni wouldn’t have any complaints.
“Do you guys have to do this
“I’ll be waiting right here,” he agreed.
She was facing him and stood with her arms crossed and her hip cocked to one side as she watched him, her features unreadable.
Vision looked at her, absorbing her words and she could almost see his mind extrapolating the information, drawing theories and arguments from all areas of the internet before coming to a conclusion. It was unfair and unkind of her to think it, but it had been what JARVIS had done whenever she’d posed these vast questions to him.
Helen watched her for a moment longer then nodded, apparently satisfied. “Very well. Then shall we brief our patient?”
writ across his face, Steve only felt
Thank you all again for reading and taking the time to comment and I'll see y'all in 2019! :) May you all have a fantabulous New Year! <3
“I believe the word
“You should’ve called sooner,” she whispered, so quietly that he almost missed it and his chest constricted excruciatingly. Words wouldn’t make it past his lips and after a while he heard a soft sigh. “You should’ve called sooner,” she said again and hung up.
Toni and Bucky and Steve all in one chapter!
he continued, “let’s just all calm down.”
They held one another’s gaze for an extended heartbeat and once again, Toni was the first to drop her eyes, unable to accept the way his features softened sympathetically at her expense. Cloak vibrated around her body in what felt like reassurance, before he slipped from her shoulders and floated back over to Stephen.
“Barton and Ling,” she called, cutting through the tense silence. All eyes were on her, like ten red targets.
, I want you to tell me.”
“That’s not good enough.”
for the last fifteen minutes.
She isn't even trying, and maybe that's the trick. Because Toni keeps acquiring more and more people through no effort of her own.
-and Wanda had looked like she didn’t know
Toni nodded, surveying the room. It was days like these when she almost felt that sleep could come to her that night, that for once she would stop seeing snow and rage and the cold glint of a shield every time she closed her eyes. She had that meeting with Ellis in a few more days and then would be heading to Seoul to see Helen about that new device for Rhodey. She and the others were trying to get as many consolidated amendments in before Natasha left for Wakanda with T’Challa. When they came back Toni was going to have her last hearing with the UN, her final and most crucial pitch to the Council before they issued their statement about the Rogue Avengers. After that there would be the whole Thaddeus thing to deal with, along with all the rest of her various projects that she would let swallow her up just so she wouldn’t have to sleep.
“You just remind me of someone I know.”
I am afraid-”
Toni found her fingers laced with Laura’s, either for support or for something to cling to. She couldn’t help but be grateful for that small bit of comfort.
Vision hummed, then resumed walking. “Aren’t we all.”
Today all it took was a
“Won’t happen again.
was the only one who knew what happened after. Because she’d been alone. “I had a broken suit and a lot of bruises. I had a broken arm and a fractured tibia but that was actually from before. It just got worse after a couple of rounds with two very strong Super Soldiers. Let’s not even talk about the fact that half of my ribcage is artificial. I can show you the x-ray if you don’t believe me. I had all of that and myself. But I waited. Because I was
Not now.
, walking towards the podium.
- clench to his jaw.
“I initially didn’t take sides during the so-called Civil War.” His voice was quiet but clear and unrepentant. “I thought the original Accords were overly restrictive and I thought trusting a man like Thaddeus Ross to oversee their implementation was dangerous.”
“Pepper, honestly, it’s fi-”
T’Challa finished his presentation to a louder round of applause than any of them had been expecting and Toni clapped along with the rest of them, a little sorry that she hadn’t been in her right mind to hear most of it.
“What happens if I say I don’t want to take the risk?”
“-and there was this really weird mist, right? And then I see this girl collapse on the street outside and she literally starts melting into the drain-”
“Not anymore,” he mouthed under his breath.
“And you wore green,” Natasha murmured. “It was obviously old and Pepper had sent you that black and gold dress but you refused to wear it because-”
“I’m not the only one who could’ve said something,” he said and she flinched as if he’d struck her.
feel.”
Bucky smiled and gave a small wave. “Hey, Princess. S’good to see you.”
“Yeah.”
“I mean, is it nanites?” she muttered, using her kimoyo bracelet to scan it and getting some very strange, very
“Sergeant Barnes?” FRIDAY prompted, pulling Steve from his bitter musings.
Another day, he thought to himself, even though he still ached from the phantom blows of their encounter.
“I had your back the entire fucking time,
“For trusting him?” Toni interrupted knowingly.
,” Peter agreed with a smudge of grease on his nose and a bright grin.
“Took you long enough,” she said, then squinted. “Am I on a flat screen? I deserve holo at
And once more Bucky was utterly helpless and had turned around before he knew what he was doing.
“All good,” she said, then Steve saw her glance behind Toni, who took her cue and stepped out of the way. “Hi Bucky.” Her voice had a kindness to it that Steve had come to realize was reserved for very few people. Bucky being on that list came as no surprise to Steve.
when he continued. “It would not suit you. Too much...sitting around and reading up on foreign policy and such.”
“And sometimes,” Toni added distantly -
But right here in this moment, she could forget about all of that. About all her failures and the failures to come. About the fear that sat just below her skin, threatening to seep out of her pores. About the loss. About her grief. Here in this moment she could allow herself to love what was slowly coming together.
She thought of two stupid and reckless boys from Brooklyn. Of a friendship that defined them. Of bravery and loyalty. Of love and loss.
A gasp, a
“Thanks.”
“Whatever they say to you in there,” he said suddenly, gripping her hand as if it would impress his words upon her even more, “whatever demands they make of you, I want you to tell me. If they try anything, if they attempt to
And a huge, mega, gigantic thank you and all the vegan cookies to Demigodscum, whom, I kid you not, has been a monumental blessing when it comes to this fic. SHE. IS. THE. BOMB. She blitzed my brain when I wrote myself into a corner, has helped me out with more than one plot point and she is probably my favorite person on the planet (and she's also got a really incredible (read: it will gut you in the best way) post!IW fem!Toni series called "All Your Troubles" so you should definitely check that out.)
B.A.R.F.; Shuri had told him as much as she could about it and he knew that it was both a form of therapy and psychological healing.
her why before everything just went out of control. “If I’d asked her sooner maybe we could’ve
Did she still love them?
“Nat,” he murmured, taking her hand and threading their fingers together. “We were always gonna be fine. Least on my part.” She smiled, still small, still quiet, but it was relieved and grateful and
that destroying the arc reactor in her armor wouldn’t render it completely obsolete since she’d had the one in her chest.
, no, that’s not-” she rushed to say, holding both hands up. “No one’s said anything like that. They’re all awesome and they don’t treat me like I’m dumb or anything. It’s just…” The nibbling was back again and she averted her gaze. “It’s just that...sometimes I don’t know…sometimes I don’t understand the things that Shuri and Harley and Peter talk about,” she murmured, her voice getting softer and softer and her shoulders rising up around her ears, like she was trying to make herself smaller. If she could, Toni had a feeling she would have. “I mean...they’re really smart n’ they can build all these cool things and they understand all these programming languages and I...can’t.” There was a miserable blush emanating from beneath the neckline of her t-shirt and going all the way up to her hairline. “They’re awesome and I’m barely scraping a B+ in
She gazed at Steve, then at the rest of them, something mutinous and
In the corner of the room, a Vibranium shield glinted coldly and Vision spared a moment for human emotion.
him for leaving. I hate him!”
“We are not so cruel as that, Ms. Stark,” Councilwoman Ueno interrupted in a level, almost kind tone. When Toni met her gaze, the woman even offered a small smile and inclined her head in acknowledgment. “Nor are we so impractical so as to let you assume such responsibility over the Avengers. That’s what the Panel and a Subcommittee are for. We are merely highlighting that there is a very real possibility that no matter how much you fight for your former teammates you cannot and should not promise that they will so easily bend to the restraints, however light, that have been placed on them.”
I doubt you would show any such restraint.”
“Cool. Thanks, Pep.”
“We all carved our own initials onto it,” he said awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck. “We thought about waiting to give it to you on your birthday next year but...it felt kinda far away and we all know you’ve been really stressed recently so...yeah.”
She felt the weight of Vision and Nat’s gaze on her but didn’t acknowledge it and turned her attention back to Coulson.
“But just because the Council pardons them doesn’t mean that they’ll be allowed back on US soil,” Natasha said, looking at Pepper who was already there.
Bucky saw Vision touch Stark’s wrist as he moved past her, a simple gesture but obviously meaningful for the both of them.
she’d been tempted to have Vision spy on her. Natasha would’ve done the exact same thing had their roles been reversed. Natasha
“When?”
She didn’t understand that logic because band was
“What ever happened to ‘be thankful there’s only two of them?’ Now I hear you’ve got yourself two more?”
The complexities of human nature were still a challenge to grasp. The intricacies, the fine lines between acceptable and invasion. Between appropriate and
“Do we?” she asked quietly, and there was a jagged edge of desperation, so suppressed anyone else might have missed it. His eyes lingered on the way her fingers of her one free hand were digging into her thighs, a nervous tic he’d seen her do on more than one occasion. “I feel like I’m chained to a rock and trying to walk through quicksand and I just
Toni regarded her carefully, noting the disheartened droop of her shoulders and the twist of her mouth.
him, by trying to get him back into the world’s good books again she’d placed herself in the very precarious position where if this didn’t work, if this went wrong…
Toni averted her gaze, letting it fall on some unplottable point in the corner of the room.
Still stunned at the fact that he now had an almost fully-functioning arm, he did as he was told, resting it back down. She made quick work of the rest of it, fitting the smooth casing over the foundations, covering up the wires and lights with silver, chrome and black. The lines were sleek and the plates closer together, lending it a smoother appearance than any of its predecessors.
sense of conviction.
“See you outside, pal? We can test out that beauty in the gym.”
Bucky wondered whether Steve’s silence meant that Steve didn’t want to say anything at the risk of Stark’s reaction or whether it was because in spite of the risks he trusted Stark’s capabilities and was determined to put his faith in her.
The garment had slipped from the hanger easy as water. It’d felt soft and well-worn in his hands and he could almost imagine the afterimage of her skin remained embedded between the fibers. He brought the material to his nose and
“Already done. They’ve got the skeleton contract done up and are just waiting for Ms. Van Dyne's input. And yours.”
“Good job, ladies,” Helen murmured, then gestured at her team. “Well done all of us.”
but…”
She remembered that then and the realization and understanding came like gust of wind, the information and potential justifications neatly slotting themselves into her mind.
At least until after dessert.
He knew it was politics. He knew it was strategy to ensure that the Avengers and any other enhanced individual that was brought under the purview of the Accords had a fair chance, had someone to fight for them.
“Yeah, would’ve been nice to have the whole gang here,” Hope mused, then continued in the steadiest tone of voice, “I owe you an apology.”
“You’re freaking out. I can literally hear you freaking out. I feel like I’ve just instigated a personal moral crisis.” came Stephen’s unbelievably lazy drawl, and she glared at him, feeling more than a little frazzled and in over her head.
Natasha agreed immediately, but Toni saw her finger twitch against the armrest of her chair in a nervous tic. “Sure. Whatever you need.”
“Make them more powerful than Wasp’s stingers,” she’d said shamelessly and Toni had struggled not to laugh.
Of all of them Strange seemed to be the only chill person in the room.
Maybe it was time. Maybe it was time to take that step back.
He had only been
“A while,” she admitted quietly, watching his expression. It contained nothing but resigned understanding, as if he’d expected it all along.
Bucky found himself holding his breath as she began turning the tiny dials either side of the core.
. To something that wants to protect heroes as much as it wants to protect
what you just said, right? But yes, yes I did. I...came bearing gifts, actually. Or just. It’s one gift, really. For you.” She fumbled a little, almost dropping her gift when Cloak got in the way, and then held out the two inconspicuously looking items in the palm of her hand.
“Oh, I don’t know about that. I haven’t spoken to any of your former teammates since they arrived.” She scrunched up her nose and shrugged, but there was a smug little smirk that threatened to spread across her lips. “I think they’re scared of me.”
Vision floated up next to Toni and they shared a small, warm smile.
He turned around just in time to meet Rhodey’s gaze, hold it for a few beats, only for Rhodey to look away as he took his seat.
It was fitting for Natasha to be their go-between as a semi-neutral party. Toni tried not to let the darker, more bitter parts of her psyche focus too heavily on the fickle nature of spies or
“Well, she’s not my
“Indeed,” came a disembodied, frosty voice that had Bucky’s fingers reaching for a non-existent weapon.
So it was good to know, at least from Rhodey’s point of view on the camera, that that wasn’t the case.
, only for it to bat at her hand.
Toni couldn’t help but grin as Lila, who had tried to jump across the foam pit to the opposite ledge, fell several feet short only for Harley to catch her and carry her to her destination.
Toni self-consciously tugged on a lock of her hair, not meeting Laura’s eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Vision very tentatively wrapped an arm around her back and laid a gentle hand on her shoulder.
She sighed.
truth in any case.
The next update will probably be on Saturday or Sunday. So far I've hit 80k with this fic and it's nowhere near done. So there's that to look forward to!
She had erased Hydra’s physical mark, their emblem and symbol of pain and viciousness and replaced it with something just as powerful but to be used for
“Well,” Shuri said with a cheeky shrug, “that was a given.”
“Because
Helen’s lips stretched into a humorless grimace.
“Wh- wh’re you d’ng.”
But this wasn’t public. She had no reason to do this. There was nothing to be gained, none that he could think of. She already seemed to have T’Challa’s trust and the two were making great headway with the Accords so he doubted there was anything in that arena that could possibly benefit her. He supposed that if the appeal for him to join the Avengers after his pardon went through then at least she wouldn’t have to worry about him going crazy in the field and trying to kill teammate and enemy alike but even that felt like stretching it.
In Wakanda they’d all had structure. Even Bucky, going in and out of the ice, being subjected to tests and neural reprogramming, it had been
Hell, the girl had already started literally hanging from the ceilings of the training gymnasiums, using her super bendy arms to swing across the room like Peter did with his webs.
is for getting my boyfriend arrested and keeping him away from his daughter,” she seethed quietly, and Toni let Vision help her to her feet, never taking her eyes off of Van Dyne.
“Stark, I need you-!”
From the moment she’d stepped on that podium and declared her cause to the world he had known it would always end up like this, with them in the same room and all their hurts an invisible barrier between the worlds they’d constructed for themselves, for one another.
“Fine,” she replied immediately, rolling her neck. “Just a little stiff. Um. I need the bathroom. Just. Excuse me a moment.”
away towards what looked like a control panel just as Stark stood up abruptly, her hair looking fluffier and messier than it had been the day before.
She’d stood in front of the door of her old room for fifteen minutes until Vision placed a gentle hand on her shoulders and steered her towards his own room. It was neutral enough and Toni actually cracked a smile at the pieces of artwork on the wall. The bots’ work, clearly.
It was such a simple, clean-cut answer. And the higher brow media had certainly spun it that way, making sweeping mentions of the lifelong - and afterlife-long apparently - friendship between Rogers and Barnes that ultimately made Rogers’ choice for him. The trashier newsfeeds wrote essays dedicated to the greatest love triangle the modern world had ever seen, and it was frankly disturbing that they seemed to be closer to the truth.
Toni turned towards the TV and the screen reflected in her eyes, lighting up dark brown to flickers of blue and grey. Her lips were moving in time with the dialogue but her expression never changed.
“Tell me why,” she said, then backtracked hastily. “If you like, you know. You’re not obligated to telling me anything you don’t want to. Y’know, within reason.”
“-free reign of the Compound as usual. Hill’s on the other side with the new recruits. Agent Fern, former SHIELD as I’m sure you’ll remember, is her second in command. She’s good. And Hill is Hill, so.”
“There is someone, yes,” he told her and his eyes actually shone and wow, that was love, huh. “I suppose it is nothing new for people to inform you that you ramble and
He’d anticipated something like this. And yet nothing of the little he knew about the relationship between Steve and Stark could’ve prepared him for
“And you were going to use it on Barnes.”
This was it. This was the end of the path she started them on.
“You know, I always thought you were the coolest Avenger,” Kamala said suddenly, apropos of nothing.
“That is not for you to decide,” he said at last as the wheels met the sand and the feds jumped out of the way of his honest-to-god reckless driving. “And maybe you should’ve listened to me or maybe this is exactly what was meant to happen for both of you to come to an understanding of how this life, how Avenging, works.” He stopped the car and took her hand before she could jump out, surveying her with intense, dark eyes. “You made a choice but so did he. And the choices of children, I’ve come to realize, lend a unique insight not only into their thought processes and the morals that drive them, but into our own as well.”
“Levels are steady and power transmission is holding,” Vision supplied.
But well. Spies. And spiders.
to be here. With Clint’s wife. With his
drifted to the forefront of her mind, highlighted in the way of the SHIELD report Coulson had sent her and she couldn’t help but seek out the kids in an irrational attempt to reassure herself that they were still there. Kamala had her head bowed over her homework, a determined frown on her pretty features; Peter was whizzing through his biology report and Harley looked like he was ready to destroy his copy of Wuthering Heights with the gauntlet he’d put back together in record time. Shuri and Vision, she suspected, were probably still working on The Room.
to be the one to do it. Because if I don’t...if I don’t then I’ll never know.”
The Compound gets somewhat of an infestation.
“Of me and my friends getting arrested,
had asked her to a ball game.
After what felt like forever, he finally broke and asked the one thing, the most important thing, that he wanted to know.
“How’s it coming?”
Toni didn’t even answer, just started rattling off everything FRIDAY’s scans had already informed them and refused to leave Peter’s side as they raced to the Avenger’s infirmary, even though she looked almost as dead on her feet as Peter did.
“Is that right?” she asked blithely, but her focus on Bucky was sharp, probing,
, about something else entirely.
“We are
“I’m just curious. You two have grown very close since the last time we all saw each other.”
“Harley Keener. I helped save Toni from the Mandarin using a potato gun.”
into becoming the infamous Winter Soldier. A man traumatized and mutilated and violated and turned into a weapon. And he’s a man who Captain America himself defied all odds to save. Why?” Toni’s eyes were flinty and Natasha couldn’t decide whether this was because she hated the fact that she had to say these words or for some other reason entirely. “Because he
Above her Shuri’s features were twisted in discomfort, but her gaze was just as sharp and attentive as ever.
And because she had to be that person - because
was doing this and not any other number of brilliant scientists and engineers the world had to offer.
But all of that was on a grander scale, grander even than she. And way above the concerns of a young kid who just wanted his family back together.
Toni was still trying to grapple with the fact that Harley was at her front door with a possibly enhanced, most definitely in pain girl, who looked like she was either going to pass out or dissolve into the ground, to admonish Peter for both language and lack of tact. You don’t just
“You got into bed with him first,” Natasha murmured -
It was funny how a well-meant question could alter the atmosphere so drastically it felt like a Dementor had just decided to sweep through and say hello. Hope’s mouth turned down at the corners ruefully, but her eyes were firm.
he snapped urgently and Shuri startled, her eyes widening. “Did she know that she was doing it for
He nodded. “I will.”
“I’ll do the mushrooms,” Toni added as she came up next to Laura and gently took the carton from her hand. “Why don’t you get started on the batter? Y’know I’m shit at that sorta thing.”
“More so than usual,” she said flatly, jumping over his leg. “You watched the news. Saw your old team.”
Toni huffed a tiny laugh. “Except you.”
Toni shrugged, idly scratching at the grease spots on her fingers with a thumbnail. “Just needed a few replacement parts, is all. The motor’s fine. These older ones are hardier than those currently on the market; it’s why it’s lasted so long. You’ll probably get another five years outta this, at least.”
“Hey,” Cooper called suddenly, “is that-?”
for everything.
“I stayed with Laura after everything.”
didn’t program, “I would also like to remind you that you have a follow-up appointment with your doctor tomorrow at nine thirty.”
“Bye, Toni.”
friend.”
“Tell me what you need.”
“Okay. I...
before they wrapped their arms around one another.
he’s doing it. Only theories and hypotheses.” She paused for a second, a gleam Toni was intimately familiar with entering her eyes then added, “Well, not
“Damn right I am,” he muttered darkly. “No offence to you at all, but I wasn’t even supposed to be a part of this. I shouldn’t even
, she loved the female race, and if her respect for T’Challa and all things Wakandan wasn’t already at its highest, they’d just managed to surpass it even more.
“I would love to.”
It had been an accident.
“Energy cannot be created or destroyed,” Stephen murmured reverently, the tips of his fingers still resting on her open palms. “Only transferred or changed from one form into another.”
Peter had to be back in Queens for dinner with Aunt May. They were going out for Thai.
Nat had forwarded him an email from the Council, something about an Accords sub-committee that they wanted him to be part of. He went through the list of names and noticed Toni wasn’t on it but she was copied in all the emails. Amidst his admittedly obsessive scrolling through the string of emails he found just one short message from her regarding his appointment as a rep on the sub-committee.
“He looked like that. And
She heard him push his own chair back, heard his footsteps as he came around the counter and stopped, and she was so grateful that he didn’t come any closer because if he did she didn’t know
from— She kept her eyes on him and gave him a strained smile as she reached behind him, grabbed his mask from the head of the couch they’d been leaning against, and proceeded to pull it over his head. “Just. Keep it on around them. For now. Till you’re ready.”
“I am grateful, you know? For everything you’ve done,” he said finally, because he needed her to know that. This astonishingly brilliant and bright kid who could run circles around him without breaking a sweat. “With your help and now with this? I’m just…” he shrugged, letting the corner of his mouth lift in an imitation of a smile, the best he could do, “I’m just like every other person who’s been to war. And that’s...that’s a damn deal better than what I was before when I had to chain myself to the wall just because I was scared I’d turn in my sleep.”
The first time Laura handed Nathaniel to her, it was because Cooper had opened the fridge too forcefully and jarred a couple of jam jars from the shelf. They cracked open on the kitchen floor and Laura, who had been feeding Nathaniel, all but shoved the baby into Toni’s arms while she went to clean up the mess.
Ayo didn’t say anything but one corner of her mouth was raised in what might’ve been a fraction of a smug smile as she executed a series of fluid moves, nearly tripping him in the process.
Toni’s eyes narrowed as if she was actually trying to recall. “Um...maybe? I don’t really remember. But yeah. Maybe.”
They moved with impressive efficiency and Toni stepped out of the way again while Helen set up the stasis rings around Barnes’ shoulder.
He wondered what they were thinking, what thoughts were running through their heads. What they were extrapolating from seeing Toni, once their friend and ally, speaking on behalf of the team -
The vehemence and earnestness of her tone stunned him as best as he could be stunned considering he was fairly certain he was on woozy painkillers.
Bucky had watched Stark from the moment he’d stepped into the room. He’d watched her say her piece to Lang and Barton, seen the way she eyed Wanda’s magic through the corner of her eye as if she was anticipating a strike. He watched the way she resolutely, through sheer determination and grit, didn’t look at him or Steve.
T’Challa opened his palms in front of him. “It is your technology. Only you can be the judge of whether or not he is deserving. But even if he is not,” he reached out and touched her wrist, barely there, “perhaps you are.”
He was sure, with time, they could come to be friends.
Much to her relief T’Challa just laughed – and oh, he had a nice laugh – full-bodied and deep and it brought a smile to her face, the last vestiges of pain dissolving with the sound.
Whatever he did, she couldn’t help the heavy sigh of relief when she heard the sound of his boots as they made their way away from her, followed by the decisive
, spoke up, his strange eyes on Bucky, “I would be happy to show you your designated quarters. They are right next to Captain Rogers’ rooms.”
She spoke after a time.
“I think I’m okay. Where are we?”
“They’re really
“These are just the prototype. The real ones are gonna be
“You told me to call if I needed you,” she said, the words sounding both physically present yet so far away to her own ears, like they were being spoken by someone else. Her chest felt like a string stretched taut and all Steve had to do was reach out with one finger and
on the same page, Mr. Secretary, because if we were on the same page you wouldn’t have made
And all Bucky could ever think about these days was doing
“You gonna be spying for Fury?” she asked point blank.
“Noted, Ms. Stark.” Ueno nodded at the HR lady, who had been standing stoically by the door. “That will be all. Mrs. O’Malley will show you out.”
when things went south.
No one answered him as Kamala started to seize, her eyes rolling into the back of her head.
This chapter is pretty long and heavy. But it's important and necessary and pretty pivotal and I'm kind of proud of it and I really hope you guys enjoy it.
“Fine,” she said almost dismissively, pulling out a wheelie chair and settling into it. “How’re
Her eyes were blurry. Why were they blurry?
There were a few rings, and then a very quiet, very heartbreaking,
about the kind of woman Steve knew Toni to be.
“Like something bad is going to happen.”
He spared a moment’s thought on that frightening concept.
but still, Bucky could feel the fight simmering just below the surface of the skin, contained, but not gone, not doused. Just
In other very important news, I have finally enlisted the aid of a Beta in the form of the ever patient, ever kind and ever wonderful Demigodscum, whom I owe my soul, my first born and undoubtedly my sanity to. Because she stepped in at a time when B&G and I were going through a rough patch, and let me tell you, she pulled me out of that rut with enthusiasm and patience and she is honestly THE ACTUAL BEST and the reason why I stopped waffling over this chapter. *showers her with love and golden confetti*
“Okay, so I tweaked it a lot. Point is it
“I’d like…I’d like you do to me a favor, Your Highness,” she hedged, plans forming and reforming in her head.
And it was a fucking mega onslaught of craptastic shit and more than one occasion of terrifying brain fog, and the hits just kept on coming with increasing frequency. She was used to shit. She was used to a
That honestly came as a surprise to her because she was never popular amongst people let alone
. God, it felt like betrayal of the worst kind because how could she be here when he wasn’t? What right did she have? Like she was rubbing it in his face. Like she was rubbing it in
Anyways, the next chapter shouldn't take as long as this one, seeing as everything's entirely written and just needs a few tweaks here and there. And also, things will be picking up soon and I'm really excited to see what you guys think when we get into the nitty gritty of the story.
“Toni-?” T’Challa began but she cut him off, gripping his warm hands like they were a lifeline and her only source of courage.
“So with the fate of the world in the balance. With the love that you have for your countries, for your
Toni hummed and looked at Vision, who looked right back at her. In the midst of her rising insanity a lot of good had come out of being back here, one of those things being her growing relationship with Vision and their knack for having silent conversations. She secretly wondered whether he was actually psychic.
It thrummed like the high-pitched, finely-tuned E-string of a violin and her own emotions cut short, the rest of the melody refusing to be played.
“Stab them in the throat?” Laura arched a brow and shook her head. “The company you keep.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When had that been, he wondered.
, his mind was telling him.
Toni had done that when she signed the Accords. And he had refused.
Just before the door closed he glanced back one more time to see Stark’s drawn and weary expression. A hunted animal too used to being beaten down. She was small. So impossibly small.
against something deep inside of her, somewhere behind the arc reactor.
And huh.
“You were a neurosurgeon,” she remarked, flipping to the next page. Across from her Stephen Strange reclined in his chair, casually sipping a cup of tea that never seemed to empty.
He sniffed and a year ago Toni might’ve grimaced but now she just held him tighter. “I was mad at you too.”
“She is,” Toni replied with a cool smile, then with a flick of her wrist she brought up a small screen. It beeped twice before connecting her to Pepper.
Toni enjoyed watching her work, enjoyed studying what she did and learning from a woman who was willing to impart her knowledge and explain to everybody in the room what she was doing and why.
Toni was standing on the floor looking up at the ceiling as a fully-suited Spider-Man swung from the struts with the ease of an acrobat, creating long loops of webbing. Toni was calling out instructions to him and making notes on her tablet, and there were two others around her, a boy and a girl. The boy had his arm around the girl’s shoulder and was whispering something in her ear that made her laugh and nudge him in the ribs.
“Okay. Thank you.”
“I showed him pictures every day. I’d say ‘look, that’s daddy’ and Nate would say ‘hi daddy’ and I thought— But he just started to cry when his father tried to hold him.” She bit her lip, looking unhappy. But it was anger, not sadness, and for all that Toni had no right to take sides in this, she couldn’t help that tiny weed of
Heart thumping in her chest and more than a little panicky, she quickly glanced at Toni, who shifted but otherwise didn’t wake, and looked back at the floating screen.
It happened as she knew it would. The expectation of it did nothing to lessen the blow, however.
Rhodey stood -
Perhaps the only indication of emotion was the fact that she wouldn’t look at Toni whenever the topic of her husband was brought up. Toni couldn’t begrudge her that.
he said, the word sounding gravelly and faint and altogether
She didn’t know why but the way he said it made her face suddenly feel very hot.
It didn’t make anything better but it was a start.
“What do you know about Antonia Stark?”
She smiled a little. “Do you want to try?”
Her thoughts wandered dangerously towards Rogers and whether he knew or whether he’d
Logically Steve knew that in the grand scheme of things it hadn’t been very long since their arrival. The Compound was huge, Toni and the others were
Steve found himself chuckling. “Troublemakers?”
Harley chuckled, voice husky with sleep and fatigue, and Toni rolled her eyes.
“Sure you do,” he drawled, swivelling his gaze back to Coulson. “But none of them are as good as Stark.”
“You look good, Vis.”
Most of all she remembered lying on her side with her back against the wall as the mattress dipped in front of her. She remembered the scent of skin, freshly washed, of heat radiating off muscular forearms. Of the bed creaking as they moved towards the middle, two magnets drawn to one another.
“I see him-!” She dashed off once more - she seemed to be doing a lot of that tonight and he seemed to keep running after her; strangely enough that seemed to be the general basis of their new but growing relationship.
Warmth was etched into every corner. In the organized mess, the lines where the lab ended and the nest began blurred in front of his eyes and Bucky slowly felt the lingering clusters of tension in his shoulders, back and fist relax.
“You flatter me,” she said with a small grin. “Security’s not picking up anything out of the ordinary so I’m thinking he’s just trying to get a rise out of us. They probably wanted to scope us out, see who responded to the call. Also Hope just called. They’re trying to track the getaway van and follow the sewage system to see where the rest of them might’ve gone. Maybe find a base of operations."
, if I have to. I just...I just need some time. But I promise you I’m going to make everything better. You’ll see.”
“After you burp him you can put him down for a nap if you like.” Laura stood in the doorway, rubbing her hands with a damp cloth.
It had been a decision made in a moment of anger, disappointment and above all,
Had he not already seen it coming he might have flinched. “I don’t agree with the-”
Who-?
“Really,” Laura remarked doubtfully. “And why’s that?”
Laura idly ran her finger over the baby monitor then met Toni’s gaze.
“Steve, man.” He looked up and saw Sam’s apologetic face from across the room. “They have a right to know.”
“Is that flattery, Ms. Stark?”
T’Challa nodded slowly, his gaze drifting to a point over her shoulder. “And now I am king.”
, he could have some semblance of purpose. And why not gear it towards the very person who could actually help him put some things back into perspective.
, the curl of her toes.
of all people.
Toni never told Rhodey, or anyone for that matter, how many times she’d replayed her suit’s footage of his fall. How many times she’d forced herself to watch her best friend, her platonic life partner, drop thousands of feet from the sky. She never told him how it never got easier, how she could never remove herself from the situation and reconcile it with the fact that Rhodey was alive, that he was still here.
“I wouldn’t miss it.”
Being in Rhodey’s bad books never ended well for anyone and something uncomfortable stirred inside of his chest, some gnarled, twisted thing that whispered in his ear.
Earth needed to be ready.
A few months after that they’d curled up with one another in the back seat of a van after a mission in Mongolia.
“I don’t know. I’ve never had meatloaf. But the
“Thank you, Toni,” he told her earnestly, the deepness of his voice reverberating into her.
Toni thanked her and slipped the bottle into her jacket pocket.
A place where time didn’t exist. A place where it was infinite.
“Always, Toni. It’s good to be back.”
“Is it your fault that my dad’s not here?”
The elevator pinged and they ran out again, heading to the same lab she and Shuri fixed up Peter in the first time.
was the perfect story to tell.
“Impress me.”
“Sorry to keep you waiting, sir.” Rhodey was all military respect and that knowing twist of his lips that only one man in uniform to another seemed to understand. “We had a few things to sort out before coming to you.”
“Okay,” she said at last and Vision’s form visibly relaxed in her periphery. “As far as I’m able to I won’t let her be alone with any of them
Toni.
“Neural feedback is within the desired range. All links holding and steady. Congratulations, Ma’am.”
, Vision has just informed me that Thaddeus Ross is looking for you. He’s coming this way right now.”
Cooper looked at her with that
This was Shuri’s element. And she didn’t seem the type to pull her punches.
close to dismissive if not for the tremor of her lower lip. “Don’t you worry, Cap. You remember your access codes, don’t you? If I so much as
when you are…emotionally charged.”
It was spoken without inflection, neither in judgment nor in agreement, just...acceptance that was neither here nor there.
Toni didn’t answer but Rhodey knew not to expect her to.
“Hey.”
“The day I killed them.”
The corner of Bucky’s mouth quirked up in an echo of a familiar grin.
She didn’t see a metal arm or hear her mother’s final, choked breath.
had made, right at her feet as if it had all meant nothing.
It was past two in the morning when Wanda burst into Steve’s room, her eyes wide and glowing red while her magic crackled erratically around her and scaring him half to death.
intent to make himself known to her when she knew he so easily could’ve opted to take her by surprise if he wanted to.
at Clint. He refused to hug him. And Lila’s a smart girl; she preoccupied Clint for most of the day. I’m not sure whether she was doing it to protect her brother or to preserve her father’s feelings.”
“You have beautiful hands,” she said, brushing her thumbs across his heart lines and admiring the length of his fingers, each one still performing good and honest work regardless of the countless times their owner must have cursed and called them useless. Before he could come up with a derisory retort, she continued. “Come with us tomorrow. To Seoul.”
had to be that person and it might as well be her - she tilted her head in the direction of Toni’s breast pocket, and she caught Toni’s fingers flex dangerously. It reminded her curiously of Wanda.
When it began to get dark Nathaniel started crying and she jogged up the stairs, skipping over the creaky one, to pick him up. The scent of soiled diaper made her grimace, but nappy changing wasn’t astrophysics and she’d only seen Laura do it five times a day for the past week so she was rather proud of herself when she managed it successfully.
“But what are you
Home is where the heart is. Her human one had goddamn shrapnel of her own making inside of it and her other one couldn’t feel much of anything. It had saved her life countless times, though, Siberia being the occasion that stood out the most right now.
When she did come to the Compound - which started off as twice a week and then rather rapidly increased to four or even five days a week - Kamala followed Toni
happy to have met you. So
Toni knew what it was like to be right on the brink of groundbreaking innovation and wanting to be the first one there, the one to introduce a new creation to the world. She’d done it before. Multiple times. And regretted it more than once. People like her and Helen and Bruce always had this
“For real?”
Familiar fingers lacing themselves through hers. The heat of murmured breath. The tip of a nose and the flutter of her eyelashes.
He envied the others as they moved around in the observation room, and his stomach gave a quiet growl as he watched the others munch on snacks and sandwiches.
“Jesus, Vision.” She ran an agitated hand through her hair. “What brought this on?”
In the doorway, looking like a deer in headlights, stood Sam. He blinked back at them, eyes darting towards Toni more than once, lingering over her appearance and undoubtedly noticing that she was in the same clothes as the day before, and shifted a little from foot to foot.
Pure and precious.
don’t know. I can’t-” She cut herself off, lips pursed in frustration. “It’s hard for me to get a read on her most days. And the rest of the time she’s...defensive. More so than usual. She’s either gotten really good at deflection or I’m losing my touch.”
In the short time he’d come to know her, T’Challa had discovered many things about Toni. He’d seen the brash, sharp-tongued, quick-witted woman that he’d only glimpsed in the days leading up to the Avengers fight; he’d seen a woman whose regret and self-flagellation encompassed a space that was too big for her body and was ultimately undeserved; he’d discovered a softness, a gentleness and a beauty that he had little doubt Captain Rogers had encountered. But beyond all that was the irrational sense of responsibility that she alone had to carry the world and make it better. That she was the sole reason people came to harm.
“But I think,” Sam continue, ducking his head so he could catch Steve’s eyes, “I think she’s going to do something big. And after everything, I don’t think this is the end of us.”
Opposite them Barton stood tense, his jaw harder than Toni had ever seen him. Red curled in her vision and Toni had to skim over Wanda’s flexing red fingers. Scott Lang stood on the other side, practically vibrating on the spot, his focus solely on Hope. Toni almost smiled. There was Wilson, who kept darting furtive glances at Rhodey, like he just had to make sure he was standing.
Even T’Challa with his Oscar-worthy impassiveness at her presence during their usual prep meetings, had been impressed with her suggestions on the Accords.
Hope would later deny that she’d cried and Lang would needle her about it for years to come but
After a moment, she let her hand drop, resting on the edge of the table, ready to push herself away and leave the moment she felt like it.
Sam made an aborted move to follow but his attention was once again drawn towards the Colonel.
them listen.”
Her mother’s scream.
“Leave it to me, Toni.” She had smiled, small but
“What’d you say, Cap?” she asked quietly.
“Toni,” Vision greeted, and Stark made a distracted, questioning noise from where she was crouched by a hunk of heavy machinery whose wires and parts were exposed for the world to see. “I’ve brought Sergeant Barnes. Are we ready to begin the installation?”
That was a
So she nodded and let him put his arm around her back, let her head rest against his chest as she murmured,
of what this could give him, and Toni knew that look so well, knew it intimately in the heart of her.
Toni talked her through the motions sometimes, even let her manipulate one of the microscopic needles to fit the components into place.
“What
Another thing is that a lot of you guys have been asking me what's the deal with the THING inside of Toni. This chapter touches on it a little, if it's obvious. It does get a little crazy up in here, especially in this chapter and things are only going to get weirder, if you can believe it, lol.
with arm surgeries and going under. He still found the notion that some people might
She let Rhodey slide his fingers through hers, squeezing.
The others were going through their own contracts. Scott Lang nodded through his, his trust in Hope Van Dyne evident in his expression. Sam’s contract was pretty straight-forward, suited to his airforce background. Clint was technically retired but his contract allowed him to return to duty if a voucher - either Natasha or Toni - submitted the request to the Panel and the Subcommittee. He’d have to serve three month’s of house arrest at the Compound, something Natasha had explained to him apologetically but unrelenting.
Toni gripped her thighs until her fingers were white, a habit she hadn’t partaken in since New York. Since meeting the others.
Then, much to Sam’s visible disgust and obvious offence, he proceeded to dump in several teaspoons of sugar and a healthy splash of milk until black gave way to a creamy brown.
But all Hope did was dip her head once in acquiescence and say, “Okay.”
Eight hours later and Wakanda became the first country to publicly declare the Rogue Avengers pardoned and welcomed in Wakanda. Not long after that thirty-eight countries had declared their retraction of any and all charges against the Rogue Avengers. Then it was fifty. Then it was eighty. And the numbers continued to increase.
“S’fine,” she murmured, shadows moving in the corner of her vision, and she guided Peter around so he was facing her, facing
“Never.”
you, T’Challa?”
- that she had the Dramatic Months of the Most Monumental Amalgamation of Cataclysmic Events
The sadness melted out of Shuri’s face, turning it back into something warm and sweet. Then she rolled her eyes and sighed heavily, hopping up onto the biobed and glaring at the floor in irritation.
Giving Happy specific instructions to keep an eye on Peter while she fucked off to the countryside was undoubtedly one of her better decisions. As much as she loved Happy, though, in hindsight she probably could’ve and
He wondered if they would ever go back. If it was possible.
him. I can’t-I can’t just
Whatever Laura was doing was more than Toni deserved.
He blinked, wide-eyed and uncertain so Toni elaborated gently.
It was hours later when Steve’s battered body finally sank down onto the couch in the suite he shared with the other Avengers. The other
But they did.
He’d brought two members of his Dora Milaje, both of whom were monuments of severity and intimidating beauty and
She turned and Toni was shifting from foot to foot, a lopsided smile on her face.
So I'm back with another chapter! Thank you guys so much for your patience and your kind words and encouragement from the previous chapter, especially since y'all knew I was struggling to get this chapter out. Even now, I'm a little hesitant about posting because half of it was written about two months ago and the other half only finished today, so I've never asked this before, but please be gentle with me on this one?
Steve’s shoulders, if anything, became even more taut than before.
“FRIDAY, did you get scans of his hand movements?” Shuri asked, practically dragging Toni’s tablet across the table away from her and transmitting the data to her kimoyo beads. “And the ring he was wearing. I think it’s some kind of conduit.”
The memory of that exchange and the face of the woman who was always on his mind dulled his mood even more, despite knowing that he couldn’t half ass it with these women.
"I have," Toni had sniffed. "I've been waiting for the sequel for fourteen years."
“Uh,” she began unintelligently, blinking owlishly up at him.
Something vulnerable cracked through Shuri’s veneer of righteous rage, something young, too young, that made Toni want to reach out and tell her that it was okay.
She didn’t go inside for a good four more hours.
,” she’d muttered and Toni had blinked, amused.
Hope’s silence was a thinking one, a soundless hum that felt like supple electricity in her ears. “Stark either felt like she didn’t have a choice or she really trusts us with his identity,” she surmised and Nat cocked her head to the side.
at least, they were all united, that whose team they’d been on, whatever resentments they still held for one another, were set aside for the sake of one Bucky Barnes, whom none of them could say they knew well in any capacity, but who had been in his own way central to their fight.
And as Doctor Cho finished her presentation and began explaining how he needed to prep for the surgery, Bucky found his gaze wandering once more to Antonia Stark’s diligently working form, imagining what other goals she might have set and just how many of them he was central to.
“What’s the other reason?” she asked all of a sudden, rubbing at a sharp spike of discomfort around the arc reactor.
For a while all he could hear was the soft sound of her breathing on the other end.
,” she repeated, “that we have discussed amongst ourselves and we have noted that you took quite the risk by making your stance on these…Rogue Avengers so clear. Equally so, your previous relationship with them indicates…sentiment and other more
KAREN laughed that low, drawling chuckle of hers that Toni herself had inherited from her mother.
“Yes.”
To her surprise T’Challa smiled and it was painfully kind. “You are a convincing actress, Ms. Stark. But you are not a murderer; you have too much soul.”
idea what you’re talking about.”
She maintained eye contact even as her fingers tapped out the sequence on her tablet to digitize and consolidate all their notes.
Rhodey, whose legs were getting back into shape quicker than before thanks to Shuri infusing Wakandan technology into Toni’s prostheses and linking it up with a new and improved War Machine armor, had started joining in on training with the others when he wasn’t in PT. It was kind of adorable how bug-eyed Peter got when Rhodey walked out in his new suit. Even Hope was impressed.
Nights were still the worst, though, when her mind wandered. So she would putter around the house or walk outside, looking for something to repair, letting her fingers do the work until exhaustion took her.
She wanted something hopeful, something they
(See the end of the chapter for
And Bucky was her biggest one, wasn’t he?
Not again. Not
“Well,” she began, setting her tablet down and leaning forward. “I’m all for new additions to the dream team. But your resume is a little…”
“You and I keep working like this,” she said, “I might wind up with an honorary MD.”
Steve had already taken the fall for his and the others’ actions by being labeled an international criminal. And by Toni fighting
It was respect, not fear. Admiration rather than sycophantic flattery.
“Honey,
“Hey, Long.”
“Hey, Stevie.”
Toni glanced between Natasha and Vision, both of whom nodded.
He tongue curled around the words. An army. But it was more than that, wasn’t it? That was barely scratching the surface of whatever bandaid had reinforced itself over the wounds of her psyche. It was
of them.
So things weren’t great between her and Rhodey. But they were on a level of understanding bolstered by her contributions towards the Accords and by the fact that she could have gone to Steve but, this time at least, had chosen to come to Toni and work things out as best she could from a place where she could actually make a difference.
He felt something that had been coiled tightly inside of him loosen, some tension seeping out of a compartment of his mind that had been waiting for the next wipe, for the next freeze.
and there were times, deep in the night, when she couldn’t help but wonder whether Wanda had left something when she’d touched Toni’s mind, some dark seed that would one day grow and sink its black roots into her psyche and change who she was entirely.
“Um.”
what I m-”
Then there were the kids. After the first time she’d been left alone with them, Laura, for whatever reason, apparently deemed her responsible enough to take care of them, even Nathaniel, whenever she needed to run errands or leave the house. While Laura cooked Toni helped bathe the baby in his little boat-shaped basin. While Laura showered, Toni supervised Coop’s woodwork outside, and sometimes he even asked her opinion on his different pieces. Knowing next to nothing about modern art, she promptly replied that she’d buy a few of his structures to put around the compound and he had
“Team’s broken, Steve” Sam said, but not unkindly. “It’s fractured, everybody’s a mess. One of our own is down for the count at least for the foreseeable future.” Steve winced at the mention of Rhodey. “And from what the news is telling us-” He watched Steve carefully as he spoke. “-Toni hasn’t been seen since she made that public apology about Leipzig and Bucharest.”
that she so desperately needed.
that she and Rhodey had the added advantage of having saved the president rather publicly.
After the surgery was complete and the moor successfully in place, Barnes spent the next ten hours asleep, his body recuperating while a rotation of nurses kept an eye on him.
Only when they passed Training Room A, with its high gymnasium-type ceilings and tumbling course around the perimeter, it was already occupied and Steve did a double-take, something sharp and painful sinking its claws into his chest.
“So,” he said, halfway through his meal. “You and Shuri. You two cool now?”
“You’ve got that look about you. Do you need me to call T’Challa?”
felt like broken glass in her throat. “But I can’t. I just. It’s
of everything, of where they stood with one another, of where they stood in the world, of where he stood with—
“Stark! I know you’re in there!
He’d had his reservations, a logical level of scepticism at her reasons for trying to clear his name and making it so public.
“I am glad,” T’Challa finally said, leaning forward and resting his chin in the palm of his hand, looking the most laid back that she’d seen in a while, “that Shuri is building pillow forts and cultivating healthy rivalries with other teenagers. She never gets to do this in Wakanda. Not even when she was a child.”
and you
“It was easier than you might think.” His words were soft, as soft as they had been all those months ago when she’d just returned from her self-imposed but necessary exile. When it had been a night like this and just the two of them and he had laid out his guilt about Rhodey so easily, just waiting for her judgment and she had told him that they could
“How do I reach you?” she asked. “I’m afraid we’re all out of owls.”
the pinnacle of good decisions, aren’t you, Wanda? And I’m sorry, but
Bucky remained very still as he watched her, letting her manipulate the arm, bending it gently up and down at the wrist.
an Avenger. While he joked and made off-hand comments about
And T’Challa. She’d never seen that expression on his face, like he’d been sucker-punched in the gut but was too dignified to admit that it hurt.
and made her laugh until she nearly wet her pants.
Only this happened and now they all knew Spider-Man was Peter Parker anyway.
“I try. These things, things that people build. Tech and structures and stuff. They’re easy to fix. It’s what I was raised to do. It’s what I’m actually
The point was that she didn’t want to ask T’Challa for another favor, especially for something as sensitive a topic as Vibranium. So when he’d given her an entire crate of the stuff she’d taken a step back and shaken her head because,
Rhodey’s words rang in his ears. There was no such thing as a new team or an old team. A part of him had felt, after seeing this group, headed by War Machine and an unrecognizable Toni, almost lost.
Peter looked between them, his hair flopping around. “What project?” he asked, as Shuri immediately replied, “Yes.”
Vision did not like to inflict hurt. He took no pleasure in Wanda's pain and yet he found that he did not regret his words. They had needed to be said.
“What?” He frowned.
There was a beat, and then,
The violent
“You should come inside soon. It’s gonna rain.”
“Hey, KAREN.”
visible in the flash of her eyes and the indignant clench of her jaw.
“I’m sorry,” she said at last, sounding so deeply genuine, like she understood, and Toni thought that maybe she really did. Toni nodded, unable to bring herself to answer, her throat too tight for her to speak. “Why haven’t you told anyone?”
to them.”
of them.”
Toni hummed, feeling a smile curling at the corner of her lips as she took in Strange’s speculative look at Peter. Good old Peter and his delightfully nerdy ways.
the one in power and not Ross.”
“And I suppose FRIDAY had nothing to do with you two coming by on the exact day that I intended to leave? Hell of a coincidence.”
.” His words were softly spoken but the force of them were as strong as gravity itself, echoing in the empty hall like a declaration, a
- and turned away from them all but maintained herself in close proximity to T’Challa. Clint wondered whether she was usually this attentive of her duties or whether it was their presence here that seemed to keep her perpetually alert. It wasn’t like they
She blinked.
She sighed heavily and pressed the red fabric, still a little damp from bay water, to her forehead, wishing she could go back and erase that look of shame and misery and
She was wearing a white shirt and a dark blue pencil skirt and those shoes with the ribbon on the front. Steve remembered those shoes.
But because Toni enjoyed subverting people’s expectations she left Natasha alone for the most part, save for on Avengers and Accords business. Whatever Vision did in his own time was purely up to him; there was no relaying of information to Toni, just the expansion of his own database of knowledge about their resident Black Widow.
“Baby,” she murmured, Nathaniel’s lids growing heavier and heavier the more full he got.
Wanda bared her teeth, her eyes glowing red. “What do we have to be grateful to
He’d often tried to emulate human emotions but they did not always come easily to him. It was strange because that had been all Ultron was; pure emotion. Rage. Hatred. Cruelty. Even his indifference towards the human race.
Toni watched Laura for a long moment, taking in the unbrushed hair and the bags beneath her eyes and the furrow between her brows.
“And you? Can you count on them?”
Her lip curled in irritation. “I’ll get right on that after you
And here in the Compound they hadn’t been given one. And because Steve wasn’t the team leader anymore he couldn’t create one that was remotely close to what he had before.
