“And he got shot.” Sherlock snapped.
“John!?” Sherlock shouted.
“Not you, Sherlock.” Mycroft hesitated as he gathered together his strength. “Our other brother.”
“Please, John. Don’t leave.” Sherlock heard himself begging before he realized the words had been spoken.
James kept his eyes fixed on John’s.
“Yes. Are you familiar with a family named Holmes?” Moriarty smiled.
“No, he just left. Joined the army. Went to finish his medical training.” Sherlock leaned back into the pillows and closed his eyes.
“Jawn” Sherlock gasped.
John glanced over Greg’s shoulder. His heart was still racing. He hated how much Sherlock affected him.
Moran roared again in anger and pain. He fired again, but the gun clicked on an empty magazine. Moran heaved the gun at John. John ducked and the gun sailed through the window. The glass shattered and cold air rushed in.
“Couldn’t go or couldn’t follow simple instruction?” John asked.
“What about?”
“It was self-defense.” John said quickly.
John Watson held up an x-ray then removed the bandage on the colonel’s leg. He gently squeezed the wound as Moran hissed. The alpha growled but the omega seemed to ignore the threat. Moran collapsed back down on the gurney watching the doctor examined his wound. The omega’s scent was calming even though it was tainted with the slight bitterness of suppressants.
And that is the end of the first portion of this story. The second part begins next week. There will be a lot of pain and suffering. John in the army and Sherlock disappearing into the world of drugs.
“I didn’t touch John. I wanted too. I wanted to feel him in my arms. To hold him and kiss him and make . . . He loves you. I couldn’t . . . He kept saying you were his bond mate. Regardless of what I said or what I did he only wanted you . . . You and his pup.”
Thank you for the wonderful comments.
“I tried to give you an alibi, like we agreed upon.” Sherlock remembered that night.
“I believe the term is sexually assaulted by multiple perpetrators.” Mycroft’s expression was unreadable.
“I was made aware that you made contact with Sherlock.”
Stapleton began to cry. He told Holmes everything.
“I surrender.”
“He is evil. He likes to hurt people.” She took a gulp. “And not like I like to hurt people. He wants them to suffer emotionally – psychologically. He has placed a price on your head. He wants you delivered alive to Port Royal.”
2008 Sangin Afghanistan
“I think I was drunk, before.”
“I do not question why. I was sent to bring you to him.” Lestrade said.
“I’m not drunk, Jeannette.” John was beginning to wish he was.
Sherlock quickly closed the door and started to walk away. Confused and exhausted, John followed him down the block, then started to giggle. Sherlock paused and looked at the laughing alpha.
“Should I be worried? I mean is he going to come after me?” John asked feeling a little sick.
~221~
“John . . . I didn’t mean . . . you weren’t boring, just the . . .”
Sherlock balled his fist and turned away from John so he couldn’t see the expression on his face. There was a ringing in Sherlock’s ears as his mind filled in the blanks of John’s statement.
“I won’t!” Sherlock shouted.
James’ fears came roaring forward. The idea he had kept buried for weeks spilled out before him. John was lying. He was lying to himself.
John nodded and Sherlock released him. John sagged against the wall. Happy and relaxed. Then he noticed the uncomfortable mess in his pants. He smiled weakly and stepped away from Sherlock’s side.
They went into the warren and followed the narrowing halls and sandbag walls down to James’ quarters. James removed his sunglasses in the dimmer light. He watched John’s back curiously. John led James into his own quarters.
“I might revise my statement by saying . . . dear associate.”
Frankie’s expression shifted under his pudgy skin to something like resignation. But before Sherlock could understand what it was, they were interrupted. He heard the sound of clapping coming from the shadows.
“Who? Victor?” Sherlock asked looking Rampant over.
“Could a solicitor arrange for me to be out on bail until we convince you I wasn’t involved?”
“No, it’s a blessing, Billy.” John looked up at the mast and smiled. “It’s St. Elmo’s fire.”
Sherlock still wearing his coat and scarf, wandered around the sitting room. He kept picking up items and examining them. Verifying their solidity as if they were been altered while the two men had been out. John turned and watched Sherlock for a moment. Sherlock moved from the sofa to the desk to the mantel then back to the desk.
He tried to relax and focus. He tightened his grip on the rifle as his heartrate and breathing synchronized.
“They’re medicinal plants.”
John stretched his chin up as if he was preparing himself for a punch. “And if I want you to become my omega. My bondmate. Would you? Would you let me be your alpha?”
“I think it was for you. You’re the one who solved his case for him,” John said as he set the bottle back down. He quickly pulled his hands back so Sherlock couldn’t see them shake.
“Like he will believe that . . . maybe he’s already found solace in Irene’s welcoming arms.”
“Who is handling the investigation at Scotland Yard?” John asked.
“We have a head and a shoulder. Good job, John. Now just wait.” Mathis worked quickly to clean the baby’s face. “Okay, John, just one more push.”
“Yes, you said that. The sun. What does that have to do with anything?” John tried to control his anger.
“Is there a problem?” The passenger asked in the sharp that accent of a west coaster.
“Yeah? ‘bout what?”
John looked away and closed the door. Seb’s eyes followed John as he walked further into his flat.
“A lucky happenstance my brother works with the police on the more difficult cases.” Mycroft gave a condescending smile.
“I wanted to.” James admitted.
“I think you would be considered the idiot for taking the drugs in the first place.” John said looking sideways at the slightly older boy. “So why am I here? Surely you don’t expect me to have your drugs?”
He pushed Sherlock forward and the man crashed into his brother. Knocking both of them off balance. Mycroft quickly grabbed Sherlock and stopped him from falling but it was neither graceful nor compassionate.
John waited. He heard the dark haired stranger move. The sound of running feet forty-five feet above him. John didn’t move. He heard a grunt, like someone jumping from one rooftop to another. John remained still.
Sherlock took a moment to compose himself. “I was somebody you said you loved once. Is there a possibility that you could love me again?”
John’s eyes opened and he glanced around the room. Relieved to see he was in his cabin and he recognized the faces of the men standing over him.
“Not interesting enough.” Sherlock said as he grabbed his coat. He spun it around to slip his arms through the sleeves and started to walk out of the lecture hall.
“Look, Sherlock . . . I found you unconscious. I was worried. I couldn’t call for an ambulance and I couldn’t leave you there alone. If you want I’ll call your alpha.” John felt a well was opening up at his feet.
“What?” John asked.
“I believe I’m who you are looking for.”
John met up with Mike Stamford at lunch. He had questions about the enigmatic man.
“Well, Sherlock, here we are again.”
The anger started to melt. Sherlock watched as the truth crushed Moran. John loved Sherlock and the soldier could never change that fact. Sherlock eased the hammer down on the gun and flicked the safety. He slipped the gun into the pocket of his heavy coat.
John’s eyes remained fixed on the close door as he heard the sound of the water start in the shower. A punch of lust came through him as he thought about Sherlock being naked just a few feet away from him.
“Yes, sir.”
“They’re looking for someone to help them get the stuff out of England and into the US, who doesn’t ask a lot of questions.” James winked.
“Well?” Sherlock pushed.
“They never thought of me as family, why should I be concerned by a happenstance of birth.”
“Adam, one, we walked into an ambush! We’re trapped behind a burnt out Husky! Two and three are hit!”
John closed his eyes and nodded his head. His lips were drawn tight as the wave of cramps came over him.
In Bastion, Aubrey removed the fragments of the bullet but was unable to completely repair the damage. He ordered John to be sent back to Germany. The C-130 took off for Germany just as James Sholto was able to make his first call to the hospital in Camp Bastion.
The room was dark. The curtains were drawn. John noticed the poster of the periodic table on the wall. The corner of the poster was unpinned and had been lifted up. John glanced to the left and saw Sherlock sprawled across the bed. He was barefoot. He was wearing his black trousers and the sleeves on his white shirt were rolled up. The elastic tourniquet was still wrapped around his upper arm but loosely. The hypodermic syringe lay in Sherlock’s lax right hand.
Isabella noticed the tremble in John’s voice. She placed her hand over John’s to stop him from speaking. “My client has provided you with an alibi for both murders. There is a photograph of a suspect in Trevor’s murder that doesn’t look a thing like Dr. Watson. And he has no idea why James Sholto was murdered. He has answered your questions and given all the assistance he can. The interview is over.” She stood up and grabbed her briefcase. “Come John. We are done here.”
“And this would help with your rehabilitation?” Greg asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“He paid for the kid to go see a specialist. Paid cash for the treatment.”
“Yes, they were delivered today.”
“I had . . . hoped.” Mycroft said as he forced himself to not fidget.
“You are being tedious again. If you are not here to ask for something, then leave,” Sherlock said, trying to sound bored.
Desire and lust punched through John’s body. He felt himself craving to have Sherlock as his own. The air in the room seemed to change. As if it became electrified. Sherlock’s skin became sensitive to John’s touch. And Sherlock knew John felt the change too.
The younger man stretched his head back and exposed his throat to John. John took a moment to admire the sinewed muscles and cords before licking the sweat from Sherlock’s skin.
“Oh, I thought it was . . .” Sherlock trailed off.
“Yes, Mycroft. We are here.” Sherlock said from behind his brother.
Moriarty removed his handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his hands. “I can understand the enjoyment you receive in the physicality of strangulation.”
Mycroft took the glass and sipped it. The wine was sharp and dry. He smiled outwardly this time.
“What does he do for a living that he could have men come in here and search your flat on Sunday morning?” John asked as he collapsed back down on the couch.
“But you didn’t heal well after the first one?” Sherlock’s eyes scanned the scar tissue as it puckered up over John’s skin.
“But it didn’t. It looks the same in each video.” John said finally understanding what Sherlock was saying.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes. “You can leave as soon as you stitch me up.”
John didn’t need to check. He knew the man he shot was dead. It was a difficult shot. That distance with a handgun would take someone with training. Fortunately, John had received that training. The driver would be dead or dying. Sherlock would be safe. And John could tell Bill, the murderer of his son was dead.
Moriarty smiled. “He built a hotel and you built a wing of a hospital.”
Moran smiled again. He could tell that the omega wanted more than just a hired gun. He glanced down and saw the white skin of the inside of the omega’s thigh, exposed in the folds of green fabric. “And the benefits for being in your . . . employ?”
Victor laughed. “It became uncomfortable last night having to sleep in jail after that ridiculous misunderstanding. Sherlock should have told the stupid PC the truth. It was his fault. He fell.”
“I look forward to seeing you again, doc.”
Sherlock forced himself to think.
“Go away.” Sherlock said without looking up at his brother standing in the doorway.
“One ‘ears things.” Frankie said.
“I’ve already spoken to Lestrade. And your coworkers at that dance club you work at, have been questioned too. They said you started the fight with Trevor the night before he died.”
Moriarty looked over the sloped roof. There was a barrel dome over the pool area of white Plexi-glass. A narrow walkway stretched out on either side of it. Less than twenty feet wide. Then a parapet less than a meter high at the edge of the roof. Without employees from the pool to maintain the building, debris had blown in and gathered at the foot of the parapet.
“Get out, Mycroft.” Sherlock’s voice broke.
“No, please . . .” John pleaded.
John reached up and gently rubbed his thumb across Moran’s scar. Brushing the hair back to see it clearer.
Afterwards, Sherlock pulled him close and wouldn’t let John leave. They fell asleep holding each other. Breathing in each other’s air and for a brief moment letting their heartbeats synchronize.
The Infinity Suite was on the second floor of the Langham Hotel. Mycroft entered the opulent suite. Mozart was playing softly in the background. He walked down the hallway towards a set of double doors. To the left of the doors was the master bedroom. To the right, a small hallway leading off to another set of door. In front of Mycroft was the living room for the suite. It was a semi-circle room with a bank of windows along the curve. The highlight of the view was the All Souls Church and its regency style pinnacle.
Sholto had learned what happened at the village before John and the men had returned. He went to John’s tent. The heat inside the tent was stifling. It smelled of sweat and dust and canvas. John was standing - his hands on his hips, looking straight ahead.
He cleaned every surface in the kitchen. He washed the dishes and put them away. He cleaned out the refrigerator and threw out anything that looked dodgy. He stored the supplies away. Then he got down on his hands and knees and scrubbed the floor. After four hours the kitchen was military clean.
I don't have a beta for this story so if you see a glaring mistake please let me know. Thank you.
“Are you talking about you bloody tea or your fucked up plan of revenge?” Moran asked glaring at his boss. Moriarty finally looked Moran in the eye. His dark brown eyes were emotionless and cold as a doll’s.
John had fled the flat and hadn’t return. John should be at class today. Sherlock wondered if he should go looking for him there. He needed to talk to John. He wanted to make sure that he hadn’t pushed too hard and scared the man away completely.
~^+^~
He had been to the orientation for the medical students to start picking their clinical rotation. John had information for several different programs but the one for the Royal Army Medical Corp was the one that interested him the most. He had wanted to do his residence in the army after medical school and the idea of doing his clinical rotation there would be perfect.
Sherlock looked up at his brother amazed. He blinked several times trying to grasp all the meanings behind John’s actions.
“Yeah and I don’t regret it. John finished school. Top of ‘is class. Your mum would ‘ave been proud of you. But that don’t make me some kind’a criminal mastermind.”
Confused, Greg repeated the story. “Yeah. The reception was going on when the first brick went through the window. People turned to see what had happened. They threw a second brick and broke another window. That’s when the security guards ran forward and tried to stop them. The kids grabbed two paintings and ran. Half a block from the place, the guards found the paintings laying in the street. But no kids. We only have a rough identification. Young, dark-skinned. Jeans, hoodies, trainers. One had a scruffy beard. They were wearing cotton gloves so no fingerprints.”
“But a show on the telly?” Violet chortled.
“When did this happen?” He asked his assistant who was still focused on her blackberry.
John climbed out of the overturned Humvee and then pulled James out. John pulled James over to the other injured soldier. James looked down at the unconscious man. John had place a tourniquet on the man’s leg and placed pressure bandages over what remained of his left leg. The boy’s blood stained the yellow dirt road. The soldier was pale under the dirt and blood smeared across his face.
“I don’t know what you are talking about?” Violet tried to not look frightened of the man approaching her.
“Where are you taking me?” John asked watching the buildings and streets flow by.
“I promise.”
“I’m sure you are needed elsewhere. Your men are probably waiting for you.” Sherlock said as he typed.
“The Wraith.” Sherlock smiled broadly. “I’ve only read about him. He is a deadly assassin who was been working for the FSB since they first were formed. Before that, he worked for the KGB.”
“Sherlock?” John needed to hear the answer. He needed to know the truth. Only then could he believe he could tell Sherlock everything.
Sherlock walked across the street and looked down the stairs that led to John’s flat. The door had two new locks on it. They didn’t match the style of the fixtures on the door. He glanced at the windows. The curtains were closed and Sherlock couldn’t see into the flat. He took the first step down the stairs then stopped and turned around. He was ten feet away when he heard a voice he had been hearing in his imagination for days now.
“We both have said a lot of things, but it seem we both want something else.” John reached down and palmed Sherlock’s erection. The omega let out a completely lurid moan and collapsed into John’s arms.
“I need . . . I need you. Just for tonight, can we forget about everything and be just us. I need to. I need to touch you.”
Blackwood looked like he had just been punched in the gut. “Where did you hear that name?”
John’s eyes flew wide as he looked up into the pure hatred in Moran’s face. He saw the flash from the brass poker in Moran’s hand. John reached out and grabbed one of the smaller burning logs in the fireplace. He locked his teeth closed, holding in the scream as his hand burned on the hot embers. He slammed the wood into Moran’s shoulder, knocking him off of John’s body. Moran dropped the poker as he grabbed his scorched shoulder. The burning piece of wood rolled beside the bed.
“Yes he was!” John quickly sat up and glared at the older Holmes. “I’m going to file a complaint against him! Are you his supervisor?”
“Com’on, up you get. Can’t stay here.” The policeman said as he took a step back from the malodorous bum.
Mister Watson and Major Sholto was able to get one of the long boats into the water before the Maywand went under. John pulled Blackwood from the water. He saved the young sailor’s life and Blackwood was devoted to Watson for that. When Watson deserted his ship and chose to become a pirate, Blackwood eagerly agreed to go with him. Blackwood decided Underwood would be the last bastard he would sail under.
“Mister Holmes,” Magnussen’s voice oozed as he sat down, unfazed by the refusal of his handshake.
“Sherlock has spoken to you . . . personally?”
“I’m sure there is something else throbbing on Watson, arse-licker,” heckled one of the players.
“I don’t know what started it this time, but now is not the time to be petty. John is in there recuperating from bring my grandson into this world. You two are to behave!”
“There’s not even a window . . . how the fuck am I supposed to get out . . . give a bloke some privacy.”
John took a hesitant step forward and then leaned back into the wall. He shook as the adrenaline started to drain from his system. Frankie came up and looked him over.
“Must you?”
“Because . . .” John couldn’t control himself any more. He wrapped his hand around the nape of Sherlock neck and pulled the man’s face close to his. “Because, I need to know that no one else will ever have you like that but me.”
“No, no, no, he loves me. He told me his loves me. He’s the only one who does.”
“This is dispatch, 778, emergency response in route to your location.”
John blushed deeply. He quickly looked around the room.
Sherlock groaned and arched his body up into John’s. The alpha could feel the bulge in the omega’s trousers.
“Holmes” A horse whisper called out. Sherlock glanced up to see Wiggins leaning against bales of cotton.
John hummed in amusement just before Sherlock bit down on the tender skin beneath John’s ear. John groaned and bucked up into Sherlock. It gave Sherlock enough of a distraction to get his hand into John’s pants. His cool fingers could feel the warmth and heaviness of John’s erection. Another shiver ran up Sherlock’s spine as a myriad of thoughts came to him.
“Anyone with a brain would know you wouldn’t be bothered by my demise.”
John stepped closer and into Sherlock’s personal space. “No, you are not. You’re not going out alone to meet a murderer.”
“He’s a doctor, Dr. John Watson.” Sherlock said quickly. His voice sounding tinny to his own ears.
“Married? No you’re wrong. Sherlock’s wouldn’t be getting married.” John leaned back into his chair. He pushed down the feeling of jealousy. No promises had been made. They had only shared that one kiss. The fact that John kept thinking about that kiss and how good Sherlock tasted, didn’t matter. The fact that John’s alpha side wanted the omega. Wanted to hold him and pin him down. ‘
Greg cleared his throat very pointedly, interrupting Mycroft’s statement. The older Holmes glanced down in his own derision.
John and Sherlock get distracted while trying to find the murderer of Lady Smallwood.
“So says the addict.”
“Sherlock, I don’t understand . . . We love each other.” John whispered.
Sherlock looked up. His eyes appeared cold and calculating but John could also see a fire burning brightly there too. “He knew what he was talking about. He knew how to read the evidence.”
John didn’t laugh. He pulled Sherlock closer.
Sherlock hands were shaking as he forced himself to focus. He had printed out the reports and the interviews from the disc. Sherlock had tried to delete the memory of Victor and his death from his ‘Mind Palace’ years ago, and for the most part he had. Most of the evidence before him seemed new and fresh. He found John’s interview and his own. He read both. The two interviews disagreeing just enough to be suspicious without contradicting each other. He tried to read them with an unbiased eye but he couldn’t. An image of the John he knew five years ago came back to him. Young and frightened. Wanting to please with deep blue eyes that always looked at Sherlock with adoration. Sherlock quickly put the interviews to the side and pushed the memories away.
“But you paid for him when he lived with you. You made it easy for him and all he had to do was suck you off and let you fuck him. Or was it the other way around. You were the one who got fucked. Well lucky day for you. You’re about to fucked again.”
Colonel Arthur Bennet looked at the orders in his hands then up at the captain in front of him.
“I’m giving you some medicine to give her. One tablet three times a day. And let her drink all the water she wants.” John said. The elderly man nodded his head.
“There will be a twenty percent increase in the cost of transportation of illegal immigrants into Great Britain. No exceptions. Also, I want the Black Lotus Tong to finally accept my demands for increased delivery of heroin.” Moriarty stated as continued to stare out the window.
John swallowed. “Yeah. I’ll get one.”
“First off, I don’t own a laptop. Second off, well, being in prison would mean I would have a roof over my head and three squares a day. That’s better than what I’ve got now. I heard they have a hell of a rugby team there, too.” John smiled.
“Yes, I understand, sergeant.” John nodded and rushed off.
“I would make it worth your while.”
Moriarty listened for a moment then slammed the receiver back down into its cradle. He glared at Sherlock then Seb.
“Fucking Johnny Boy? Sebie did become quickly enamored of the man. I wonder what makes John Watson such a good shag that everyone who fucks him decides to become unreasonable afterwards.”
“He wouldn’t. He’s an idiot.” Sherlock held up a photo. “Look here. See this burn pattern on the paint. Thermite. Military grade. These were highly trained individuals. And look at how it was planned out. Military precision. Everything down to the second. They knew what they were doing. They controlled the guards completely. They controlled the scene. No one in or out while they worked. They were accustom to handling explosives and weapons. Knew how to limit movement of civilians without issue.”
John glanced at the newcomer and realized it was his classmate Mike Stamford. Relieved that ridiculous conversation about his drinking was placed on hold, he eagerly greeted his classmate and friend.
“You are sure?”
Greg suddenly remember back to his days in Uni when he had experimented with several things, including homosexuality. His dalliances had been enjoyable but not permanent.
“I’m not sure about that.” John mocked. “Anyone who won’t listen to a doctor when he is injured doesn’t impress me as being very mature.”
“A week?”
Realization had sucked the air out from around him and he couldn’t breathe. John stood inside a vacuum. Sherlock was with Moriarty. Moriarty was with Moran. Moran had killed James. Moran and Moriarty would hurt Sherlock.
“Oh, John, thank God it is you. I don’t know what to do.” She babbled.
Sherlock gave John a quick glance and noticed the man was caught up in his own memories and guilt.
“That’s not what I’m saying, but I just feel like he is going to get away with it again. He will never be held accountable for what he did to you or to me or to Wilderbrant.”
Michelle glanced down at her pale blue dress. It used to be pretty with small white flowers embroidered across the fabric. But the flowers were dirty now and look more like speckles of spital instead of lilies. She noticed the lace had been torn at her shoulder. One of her previous clients must have down that. She frowned. She would have to repair it when she returned to her hovel in the morning.
Just before Sir Henry boarded the ship, he was given a message from Magnussen. The Appledore would be waiting for Henry and the Hound near the Aran Islands just outside Galway Bay. Henry was furious. He had the perfect plan. Have Magnussen kidnap Sherlock Holmes and use him to manipulate Mycroft Holmes. It was simple. It was perfect. Then coded message that had come through the admiralty was that Sherlock Holmes was dead. The one absolute way to control Mycroft Holmes had been lost to him. With Holmes advising the king and queen, it was a certainty that James Stuart would lose to his son-in-law.
Culverton laughed softly at Mycroft’s comment. “I certainly wouldn’t care but Jim is still very touchy about the situation. So touchy he has been seeking to avenge himself.”
“He is my brother’s flatmate. I do not have any personal connection to him.”
Three days later, Moran woke in the five star hotel in Singapore. He was in the suite Moriarty had waiting for them when they arrived. Moran had gotten Moriarty and his men out of Afghanistan and east with three tons of raw heroine. Moriarty explained he didn’t like getting his hands dirty but he was needed to attend the final meeting with the tribal warlords in the north and east to establish the uninterrupted flow of heroin. Now that the conduit for raw heroin was assured, Moriarty was going to return to England.
the driver thought as he pulled the car out into traffic. Everyone should know not to double cross Moriarty and Moran.
The omega smiled and nodded. “Don’t worry, Sarah. It will be fine.”
“Have you ever thought that maybe . . . just maybe, I can take care of myself? You know I have been for several years now. Seven to be exact.”
“Let me. I want to suck you off. He wants to fuck you, but if I put on a good enough show, I’ll get you first.”
“And it was next to the painting that was stolen?”
“What about the couch?” John asked remembering Sherlock’s comment.
John wrapped both of his hands around Sherlock’s face and drew him close. He kissed the detective and pushed up into the man’s body.
“That is not a question.” John took another step forward.
Silence.
“And if I choose to stay here with my pirate captain?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock returned to the kitchen carrying the first aid kit John kept for Sherlock’s mishaps during investigations. He set it on the table and flipped open the lid. Moran looked down at the suture set and the antiseptic spray with a numbing agent.
“Do you see them?” John shouted at them.
Sherlock stepped out of the bathroom and looked back at the bed. “Staged.”
“God, that’s feels so good. Just a little tighter.” John groaned. Sherlock rapidly obeyed.
Sherlock wandered over the decks of the abandoned ship. He glanced down into the holds and saw the water swirling black deep in the ship. It wouldn’t be long before the Speckled Band was no more. Sherlock went up to the wheel deck and into the captain’s quarters. Roylott’s quarters were roughly the same place as John’s but were completely different.
“And?” Frankie pressed.
“No . . . absolutely not . . . he is not allowed in there!” John shouted seeing his brother-in-law loitering.
“No, but there is an option.” James said. He had practiced this conversation dozens of times. Played out all of John’s arguments so he could defend against them. He wanted this. Needed it. He prayed he could convince John.
Confused, Sherlock glanced at her while John pushed her towards the stairs.
Jim looked up at him as the smile slipped from his face. Jim’s eyes flashed darkly at the soldier.
“It what is best for you. You obviously can’t take care of yourself and your choice of – acquaintances is questionable.” Mycroft gave John another up and down assessment.
“John?” James looked pensively at John. He wanted John, but he needed to know that there would be no misunderstandings. “What do you want?”
Was that the next volley in this war between his illegitimate brother and himself? A fight over Sherlock? And what would Sherlock want to do? Before John Watson had entered Sherlock’s life, Mycroft was certain that Sherlock would balk at the idea. Would Sherlock eagerly go with the man he professed to love? Would he join Moriarty in his evil attack on their elder brother?
“You don’t know what you’re talking about!”
“Just wait.”
“Blackwood!” John shouted.
John twisted them and moved Sherlock towards the bed. Together the two men fell into the crisply made bed. The sheets were cool and fresh smelling. John growled. Soon they would smell of the blended scents of the alpha and omega. That is what John wanted.
“Of course. You don’t sincerely believe Mycroft would allow me to see you alone. I believe two of your men are over by the bakery.”
“What’s going on?” Martin asked.
“Don’t worry, Sebbie. I won’t let anything happen to your darling. Just as long as you understand I’m the one who is giving the little bitch to you. You be good and he will be yours alone to play with.”
“You must know, I never predicted this either. I had always considered such an arrangement a handicap to logical thinking.” Sherlock kissed John’s shoulder and gently rubbed his lips over the bond mark. “But I’m pleasantly proven wrong by you once again, Doctor Watson.”
“Sherlock don’t be tedious. All that time you wasted with your medical student has dulled your senses. We’ll have to correct that. Good thing he left you when he did. You might have become boring.”
Greg smiled as he stepped closer, looking at the stack. He had been tracking down the theft of cigarette cartons from shipping companies. This was a massive break in the investigation.
The alpha’s pudgy face was florid. His normally pale round cheeks were flushed red and splotchy. Sherlock wondered if it was alcohol or drugs. The alpha gave off the scent cue of anger just before reaching a rage. His sour smell filled the small room and was overpowering. Sherlock tried to breathe through his parted lips to avoid succumbing to the alpha’s scent.
John tried to remain unemotional with the conformation that it was Moran who held the trigger pointed at Sherlock and himself.
John wiped his fingers on his jeans and took the paper. He was certain James had been mistaken. He looked down the column until he read the announcement.
“You should tell her you are gay.” Sherlock said as he stepped closer to the young man.
Jefferson Hope laughed at him. “Not enjoying the effects of a night in an opium den, are you?”
Blackwood had his own knife. He was sparring with another attacker. Both men circled around each other occasionally slicing at each other’s face. The attacker lunged forward and Blackwood took a step to the side and back. He lowered his hand then slid it across the other man’s belly. The razor-sharp blade sliced through the man’s clothes and into his flesh. He screamed as his blood gushed across the quay.
John laughed, and shook his head no. “I’ll be sure to tell my nurses and orderlies, but you may end up regretting the offer.”
Dimmit turned his back and started giving orders for a forensic team to be called. Mycroft was pulled out of hotel suite and out into the street. A photographer was already there to take a picture of him being thrown into the back of a police car.
The flat’s only one bedroom and one bed was Harry’s. John slept on the couch. He was sleeping there when he was woken up. For a moment he didn’t understand what had woken him. He laid there in the dark wondering. Then he heard the sound of a mobile phone ringing. It was the phone Sherlock had given him. He sat up and quickly reached for the blue jeans he had been wearing. The phone was still in the front pocket.
“Busy. Come to bed. I want to fuck you.” Sherlock purred into John’s ear.
“No, I want to know why you are asking questions about James Sholto.” John glared at Greg. “He’s a good man – a decent man. He doesn’t need to be harassed by an immature, needy bastard!”
Sherlock waited till John was babbling pleas between moans. He leaned back and knelt on his heels.
“No. Do you know why you had one the night we slept together?” Sherlock asked.
“Things that would get me court marshalled.” James said. He leaned closer and leaned his head to the side so he could whisper into John’s ear. “Things I should never do with a subordinate.”
“Boss, you can’t let him get away with this!” Moran growled.
“Nice meeting you, Doctor Watson.”
“But you already knew that, didn’t you?” Sherlock asked.
It was instinctual. He was firing before he even knew he had raised his gun. The sound seemed muted, but John knew that was only because of the adrenaline rushing through his system. The gunshot was loud and if there was someone else in the building with him, they would have heard it. He had to leave. He had to be gone before the police arrived.
“Yeah, avoiding some unwanted attention. I’m John.” Although the young man was concentrating on annunciating his words, he still slurred them.
“My queen.” He nodded. “I feel I need to express my doubts about our northern campaign. Gordon and Major-General Buchan are dangerous advisories.”
“I was bleeding badly. I just sent them after any doctor. John was the last person I would have pulled into this. I was just as surprised to see him as he was to see me.” Sherlock said. His voice taking on an exasperated tone.
“Sherlock! I am not jesting. You will not see John Watson again. If you do, I will consider it a slip of your sobriety. I will send you back!” Mycroft’s face was beginning to redden.
“Sherlock we need to talk.”
Greg took a small step back and looked at the three men. Sherlock’s eyes were beginning to flutter open.
A moment later the door opened and the young woman came in. She was wearing a royal blue pencil skirt and white oxford blouse. Around her slender neck was a single strand of pearls. Although conservatively dressed, it was still a splash of color that was uncommon in the office.
The beta police officer glanced around to see if his superior was watching. He stood a good six inches taller than John. He was thin with only minor muscle development. He looked incredibly young and for brief moment, John wondered if the young beta had even begun shaving yet.
“Never felt the need to change anything.” Was all it said. John looked at the date on the will and realized Sherlock had written it nine years ago, when the two of them had been living together on Baker Street with Mrs. Hudson.
Mycroft cocked his head to the side briefly and then nodded. “It might be advantageous to have secret agents who could work unseen. Some one who could ferret out those who wish to do harm to England.”
“I didn’t. I was interviewing Mister Klokov and there were inconsistencies in his explanation of discovering the body. The inconsistencies helped explain how the victim died and who would possibly be involved.”
“Send him in.” Mycroft waved the government man away. He stood as Captain Gregory Lestrade entered.
He firmly tapped the butt of the gun on the glass once and it shattered inwardly. He reached through the glass and unlocked the window. He pulled on the frame and it lifted up and out of the way. Again it was a narrow squeeze and John barely made it through the small opening.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned down the woman’s body then back up to her face.
“Yes you did.” Seb’s mind started to race through the few times the two of them had talked about the dark haired man. He couldn’t remember if John had ever said he was more than an acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes. “You said he was an ex-boyfriend after he ran into you on the street in front of the coffee shop.”
John pulled out gauze and tape to bandage the wound. Sherlock watched as John’s hands worked quickly and efficiently. How many times in the past had he watched those hands as they travelled over his skin? He remembered how warm John’s hands were when they held him.
~^+^~
The small omega ignoring the alpha as he turned and smiled at the Colonel. Moran arms were crossed over his chest and a knowing smirk of praise and admiration played at his lips. John Watson was unique and he was John’s closest friend.
The alpha ignored his brother as he pushed passed and into the room with John. The nursing staff helped John up onto the birthing table. Sherlock snuggled in behind his mate, and John laid down with his head resting on Sherlock’s chest and his shoulders in Sherlock’s lap.
“This is important, Myc. I don’t know what has happened but you must put an end to this immediately.” Violet Holmes said.
“But . . .”
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispered. Then he opened his book and continued to read. “Tomorrow night, if you are not working, I would like to go back to the morgue.”
“Get out!” John shouted. “Get the fuck out!”
John glanced around and muttered, “Yeah, it looks great.”
“Why would he do that?” Greg asked.
Mycroft stood and immediately took the plastic cup from the tray and held it with the straw to Sherlock’s lips. The man took a sip as his eyes switched between the three men watching him. Mycroft withdrew the straw and Sherlock sighed deeply.
“Deciding if I am going to take you into surgery or just let the medic set your leg.”
“Moriarty wanted Moran to get close to you and control you somehow.” Sherlock continued as John held his head in hands.
“The king has set sail for Ireland.” The man said.
“It could have been anything.” Sherlock said turning back to Mycroft. “Have Lestrade question him and find out.”
Stapleton twisted his wrists in the ropes. The ropes were scratchy and tore into his flesh. The chair was uncomfortable to sit in. Mostly because of strategic portion was missing from the seat. Giving someone access to a particular portion of the prisoner’s anatomy.
Frankie made a grunting noise deep in his throat, but neither Sherlock nor Jim paid attention.
Sherlock swallowed audibly. “Normally I’m punched.”
John grabbed a fist full of Sherlock’s shirt and twisted the man to glare at him.
“He decided he needed to be the one to leave this time. He left and then proceeded to try and dull his senses with drugs. I found him once – it was warehouse. I thought he was dead. He was passed out on the ground. Vomit all around him. He smelled like shite. I rolled what I thought was a corpse over and saw it was Sherlock. I couldn’t believe how different he looked. I called an ambulance and got him to hospital. He walked out before we could get him into rehab.” A dark shadow passed over Greg’s face as he remembered the warehouse and Sherlock.
John glared for a moment then stood up and walked over to Sherlock. The omega stopped pacing and stopped in front of John. John’s hand came up hard and fast. Open palm across Sherlock’s cheek. The tall man’s head snapped sideways as the pain immediately radiated down the right side of his body.
The image of Sherlock sitting in the chair in the sheet came unbidden. John knew he needed to sleep alone.
John shouted at his ship, “Make way to sail!”
Sherlock sat in the chair, with his fingertips steeple under his chin. His eyes focused to the middle distance on nothing at all. Lost in his memories of seven years ago. A small flat above a sandwich shop. The smell of coffee and tea. Blue eyes staring at him with so much love and passion he found it hard to breath.
“Get my oilskins and get the ship battened down.” John was climbing the steps to the wheel while Sherlock stood staring after his captain.
“Hardly. Let me guess, you have been pinning for your little doctor.”
John smiled when he noticed that the rounds had made a small hole at the water line.
“You might be useful within my organization. Who’s to say you might even be executive material.”
She crossed the room and opened the door. Sherlock stood and started to walk out but paused and looked at her.
“Not for all of it. But for somethings, yes. I could have been more understanding.”
“No . . . I don’t sleep with men on the crew. I haven’t had a male lover since . . .”
“And the man you’ve hired to kidnap the bastard’s brother. He is dependable?” Stuart had asked this question many times but needed constant reassurance.
The only thing he hated more than the building was the owner, Charles Augustus Magnussen. The man was a spider. Evil and deadly. The obsequious narcissist seemed to ooze across the room as he sat down on the white leather couches. (Something else Moran hated about Appledore – the decor. Too much white. Far too difficult to hide blood stains.) Magnussen’s dark eyes were lifeless and glassy. Like a spider’s eyes. He looked emaciated and weak, but Moran knew that was only a disguise. The man was ruthless and cruel. He enjoyed tormenting his victims instead of killing them outright. Draining them of their blood. Moran was certain that as a child, Magnussen would have pulled the wings off a butterfly before feeding it slowly to a pile of hungry ants.
“Well, now that you mention it, I smelled something like rotten eggs when I first went in there.” Greg remembers.
John was screwed.
The boy turned and looked at John. Dark wavy curls over a pale angular face, with silver blue eyes.
John did not fall back asleep. Moran snored softly behind John’s body. John could smell his sour breath over his shoulder. John wished he was wearing more than the thin hospital gown. It did nothing to protect his modesty. Moran’s hands wandered across John’s body as the alpha slept. Twice John had grabbed the man’s wrist and physically removed the hand from areas of his body. The third time, Moran growled deeply as John tried to move the hand. Moran slipped it back low over John’s exposed hip. His fingertips grazing dangerously close to John’s cleft.
Sherlock wanted to drop to his knees and beg John for forgiveness. But he was terrified John would see him as pathetic and leave.
“Yes sir.”
“Fast – do it fast, not hard.” James gasped as John stoked the man’s cock.
“And I better not see any one following me!” John barked as the doors began to close.
“Then, I want you to sleep more regular hours. Also eat. You need to take care of yourself and eat regular.”
“I observe things. I make deductions. You are a virgin or your first time was very unfulfilling.”
The two men moved as quietly as possible across the wooden joists and over to an attic window. Sherlock unlocked the window and lifted the sash. They could hear the men in the room below them. Sherlock and Moran crawled out of the window and on to the roof. Sherlock took off leaping over the neighboring building. Moran followed closely behind him. Within minutes they had run over the rooftops of several buildings and climbed down the fire escape of the last building. They were two blocks away from 221 Baker Street and heading away from the sirens of approaching police cars.
“Certain.”
Mycroft leaned back and watched as the papers burned. The grey smoke curling up and escaping through the chimney. Around him the sound of celebrations could be heard. He barely caught the sound of footsteps across the wooden floor.
“Nothing,” John said as he walked out of the room. “Nothing at all.”
“But the fact that they were stolen on your watch jeopardizes your position in the government.” John finished Mycroft’s sentence. “You were willing to give your brother to that sick fuck to keep your job?”
“John you need to get out of the car.” Mycroft growled.
Roberta was the owner’s shy omega daughter. She was thin and gangly, and couldn’t be more than seventeen. John knew the woman had a crush on him, but he was not the type to take advantage of the naïve omega.
“Out.” Sherlock said, then returned his attention to the photo of John and James. He opened the drawer of his desk and slipped it under some papers before closing the drawer. “Now, if that was all you needed, I am going out.”
The skinny tall boy shoved John into the small bathroom with the prone body and slammed the door shut. John caught himself before he tipped over and fell on top of the body. This was not how John wanted to spend his Friday night. He sighed heavily and slid to the floor. It was obvious the unconscious man had been sick. The room stunk of vomit and beer. For a moment John struggle to remember his first aid course. He fumbled for a moment and found the unconscious man’s pulse in this neck. John rolled the man over and placed him into recovery position, protecting his breathing and making sure he wasn't going to aspirate if he got sick again.
“The two of you were together for almost two years after Trevor’s death. Why didn’t Moriarty kidnap you then? Was it because of John or his connections? Was Moriarty involved with John somehow?”
“Tuesday.” John said rolling his own eyes. He began to wonder if he was the only reasonable person in the house. He grabbed a bottle of beer and twisted the top off. He made it into the ben as he tossed the metal cap at it.
“I’ll show you what it means to be a Captain’s whore. I’ll make sure you are fucked every night and learn to love it!”
“Sherlock?” John asked softly.
John stepped in front of the older man and remove his dark sunglasses. The older Afghan stared into John’s eyes, then began to speak. John could tell the man was pleading with him, even if he didn’t understand the words. Henn translated.
Frankie looked at John again. “You really do got your mum’s eyes. She was beautiful.” He took the last sip of scotch from his glass. “She shouldn’t ‘ave died. She didn’t deserve that.”
“It’s the major,” Henn said.
Tell Me Why Are We Wasting Time
Moran sneered down at Holmes then he backhanded Sherlock across the man’s face. Sherlock was knocked backwards off his knees. He crumpled to the floor. Moran stepped away from Sherlock and over to some construction supplies left by the builders. There was an air compressor. Moran turned it on and the engine chugged to life. The compressor wheezed as it built up pressure in its tanks. Moran picked up the compressor’s hose and attached it to a nail gun. He slipped a sleeve of ten-penny nails into the gun. He pointed the gun at the wall ten feet away from him and pulled the trigger. The three-inch nail embedded into the wall with a popping sound.
“I don’t know. I don’t think he is home.” Sherlock said as he lingered on John’s mouth. He took a step to the side. Reaching to take John’s hand and lead him down the hallway.
Sholto raised an eyebrow at John.
Sherlock’s face poked out from under the oak footboard. His dark curls dusty with grey lint. “There is nothing you can say that will make me return to your house.”
Sherlock glance up at the couch. Victor wasn’t there.
John shifted again on the bench as Sherlock’s hands moved to John’s breeches. He fumbled with the buttons and plunged his hand in between the fabric to touch John’s hardened length. John groaned. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensation of Sherlock’s long fingers wrapped around him.
The interrogation rooms of the old Met smelled of sweat and fear. This new interrogation room smelled of latex paint and floor adhesive. It was sharp and unpleasant and was giving John a headache. He briefly missed the old dinge rooms of Broadway 10 building. John looked around the bare room. It was less distinctive than the last one he was in five years earlier when he was last questioned by Dimmit. The walls were painted a creamy off-white and there wasn’t an obvious two-way mirror as in the old station. John did notice the small red light of a camera behind the vent grill, though. He glanced around the room looking for any other suspicious looking spots for hidden cameras. He hadn’t noticed any but he was sure they were there.
“And I don’t want to fight about it.”
Sherlock’s eyes slid sideways towards his brother. For a brief moment, Mycroft realized he hadn’t guarded against Sherlock’s analyzing gaze. He ducked his face and averted his eyes.
John refused to speak. His attention fixed on the passing streets.
“Moriarty used John once but John is not close to me now. He wouldn’t even register on Moriarty’s horizon.”
“He doesn’t have friends. Let alone alpha friends.”
“Barr could have testified to that, but he is dead now. And besides, the Admiralty wouldn’t care I was trying to stop Underwood. They wouldn’t care. All they would care about was that I put a musket ball through his chest. I shot him because of Barr and Babcock.” John said. “Babcock. Do you ever dream about him, James? I still do.”
“I can’t believe that you are interested in my family.” Violet Holmes said as she poured the tea into her mother’s Royal Albert ‘Old County Rose’ bone china. “We aren’t that unusual.”
“Don’t you ever touch me again. Ever!” John hissed through clenched teeth.
“Yes, yes. You need them. Please keep them. And the clothes too.” John glanced around quickly to see if anyone was listening to them. “Do you need anything?”
“Does it make a difference?”
“John, are you sure. He’s . . . Sherlock is Sherlock. He’s not right.”
“Yeah, yeah . . . give me a minute.”
“I know.” Lestrade leaned back in his chair and gave John a dissecting look. “I’m very protective of Sherlock. And not just because he is an omega. I would be very upset if anyone ever hurt him . . . on purpose or not.”
~221~
“No . . . it just . . . ugly. I’m ashamed . . .”
“Yeah, home.”
“Hinde?” John called out as he slowly walked closer. His eye glancing left and right suspiciously.
“Moran’s.”
“Sebastian Moran works for Jim Moriarty.” Sherlock plainly stated.
Greg pulled himself back from the bed. “Think about what kind of future Sherlock will have if you are convicted and sent to prison. What it will be like for him, separated from you . . . even for heats. Is that the future you would want for him.”
“Not after today.” Mycroft smiled. He started to walk away from the two men.
“Your brain is already rotting with the drugs you have used. It stops now, Sherlock, or this room will be your life from now on.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Sherlock wouldn’t . . . he wasn’t a threat.” John couldn’t say Sherlock wouldn’t hurt him. He already had and very badly.
Sherlock . . . sitting in the chair near his head . . . sitting in the chair wearing nothing but a sheet.
“Yes, my dear. It is more than likely that if my father returns to England, there will be great bloodshed and if he reaches London, both you and I will be sent to the tower.”
Cora Arato was from the West Indies. She was tall and thin with a close cut hairstyle that accentuated the roundness of her skull. Her dark skin was smooth and clear of any blemishes. Her dark eyes were round and large.
“I assure you, doctor, my brother is not someone who would take his own life.” Mycroft jeered but in the back of his mind a deep dark fear began to grow and step out into the light.
John blinked then thinned his lips. “I can honestly say that yes, I love him. I also hate him at times and want to punch him in the face for making me so angry with him. But, yes, besides everything that has happened and all the years apart, I love him. I always have and will probably always will.” John was finally truthful to himself as well as Mycroft.
“No, just trying to deduce what happened to Barr.”
“Is that the real reason you are so upset?” John asked as he set the newspaper down. He had just finished reading the article about Violet Holmes’ murder.
“Over six months. But the last time I saw him was over a year ago,” John said. His voice softened as he remembered Sangin.
“John Watson, captain of the Mary Morstan.” John said still staring down at Sherlock. “Welcome aboard. You want to get out of those wet clothes and into something dry. When did you eat last?”
~221~
“Alright, ask.” John’s alpha instincts were heightened. He wanted to know how Sherlock had been hurt, but the fear he saw in the young man’s eyes forced John to listen calmly. It had been a while since John’s medical training was more important than his skills as a soldier.
“Then he is alive. He survived.”
“Like?” John asked.
“Is he really coming over? That wasn’t just something you said to get Dimmock to leave?”
“Maybe I don’t wish to remember my past.” Irene smiled.
“Cancel my dinner with Detective Lestrade.” Mycroft said into the intercom.
John unzipped the backpack and removed the laptop. He handed it over to Sherlock who greedily grabbed at it.
“Bonding takes place during intercourse. When an alpha bites the scent gland of the omega and releases the bonding hormone, vinculumatin. The hormone works in concert with other chemicals released during sex to stimulate the anterior pituitary and the frontal lobes of the omega brain. While the alpha tastes both the hormone and the omega’s blood, imprinting it.”
“You are always thinking. Thinking and planning. Do you have something planned for Dr. Watson?”
“Get me blood, basic tox panel, CBC, Lytes, and a Chem 12. Also cath him and get me a urine dip stick. I want to be ready to set up for intubation if we need to. Have the naloxone ready if the dip stick comes back positive for opioids.” John barked the orders with precision and authority. The nurses rushed through the procedures with experience.
Sherlock leaned back onto his heels. “Then if it is irrelevant, you won’t mind me releasing it to the Guardian?”
John felt a wave of relief swim over him. James had realized how dangerous the situation was and gotten Sherlock to safety.
“This bastard has been screaming for you ever since we arrived.” The officer told Greg.
The ride to Mycroft Holmes’ townhouse was silent and oppressive. Neither man spoke while Mycroft’s assistant’s attention was fixed on the Blackberry. The clacking of her manicured nails on the keys accentuated the silence of the other occupants. When the car pulled up in front of the townhouse, Sherlock leapt from the car even before the car stopped moving.
Sherlock grabbed the package of heroin and said. “There won’t be a next time.”
“You’re the one who treated him like a fucking object, Holmes. You and your brother. Now, com’on John, I’ve made the arrangements.”
Sherlock slipped off the bed. The stabbing pain in his foot made Sherlock wince but he kept standing. John sat up and tried to reach for him but Sherlock stepped further away. The wound in John’s abdomen throbbed but he didn’t care.
“You ‘eard me. I’m fuck’n tired of picking up your shit.”
Sherlock scanned another set of headlines. There was an article about racial unrest in France and upcoming German elections. Sherlock quickly discounted them knowing that although Mycroft probably had his hand involved in both, neither would be important enough to compromise his position. He read an article about an industrialist who died in hospital after surgery. If Sherlock wasn’t so deeply involved in his present case he would have liked to investigate that man’s death. It was obvious that his greedy children were somehow involved in their wealthy father’s death. But Sherlock was certain that had nothing to do with Mycroft.
“Suitable?” Violet huffed. “Like you’ve done a bang up job so far.”
“Hargrove Industrial is a major military contractor. They provide software for military computers. West was an analyst for them. He would have access to defense plans and protocols. If for no other reason than to verify the programs used in writing them. He was agitated when he left the flat and was more than likely going to meet someone when he was murdered. And the murder took place less than two weeks ago. Not enough time for Mycroft to head off any damage.”
He stared into Mary’s eyes. They were lovely eyes. Bright and intelligent. Warm and inviting. She leaned in close and John thought he should kiss her. He thought he should want to kiss her.
Sherlock grabbed John’s arm and held him back. From inside his jacket, he removed a small handgun. John glanced at the gun then back up to Sherlock.
He came to curtain three and pulled it back quickly then stepped into the area without looking up.
“John, there is no reason to be so . . . hostile.”
“They look like standard SAS.” Hanson said.
~221~
James’ eyebrows twitched. “Why Port Royal. Surely returning to England would be safer?”
“No, John I won’t let you. You don’t need to leave.” Sherlock said as he tossed the torn bits of paper into the bin.
The Spider is reveled.
“From where I’m sitting, it appears you are. I mean really, Sherlock, you are remarkable. Unique. Why do you take the risk?”
“Just tea for me.” Sherlock said from his chair as he leaned back appearing to contemplate the ceiling.
“Sherlock, I’m supposed to stay here to keep an eye on you. You go lay down and I’ll sit in the corner of the room and keep a watchful eye.”
Sherlock understood what Frankie was saying. Jim Moriarty was a dangerous man.
“Deputy commissioner, good morning. I’m sorry to bother you with this.” Mycroft shook the man’s hand.
“Jawn . . . I want you. Please, I need to feel you.”
“It’s Mycroft. Ignore it.” Sherlock mumbled into John’s chest.
“Intelligent of you.”
“Culverton Smith, I know exactly who you are and what you have been doing. And although I don’t know Victoria Salvage personally, I have no problems what so ever in you murdering her like you did the other seven people you killed.” Moriarty slipped his hands into his pockets. “Please, I would like to watch you do it.”
John in Afghanistan.
Mycroft grabbed his white handkerchief and shook it open. He pressed the fine linen to his bruised nose and winced.
The encounter with James still made Moran sick to think about. He hated he had submitted to the small omega. It tainted his thoughts and drove him insane. He couldn’t stop thinking about the man grunting over his shoulder as he pushed into the soldier. The pressure and pain of Moriarty plowing into him. The sweat and smell of sex that clung to him afterwards. The worst part was James had been able to make Moran respond to him. Moran’s cock had swelled and the climax had burned through the pain with of moan. Moran had felt the release even though he didn’t want too. His body betrayed him. He was ashamed. James only laughed at him.
Moriarty quit smiling and glared at John. The blonde felt the hatred pour off of the other omega in waves.
“Well, I will repeat. We fit very well together.” Sherlock said as he slipped his mobile back into his pocket.
John flexed his fist again but didn’t say anything. He followed Isabella out in the hallway.
“Are you certain?”
“I . . . I don’t know. I mean he was everything to me. I was devastated when found out he was gone. None of my letters opened. I thought for a moment that something had happened to him. Something bad and he couldn’t tell anyone to call me. But then, when I then I spoke to his brother and well, it wasn’t good. It didn’t matter how I felt. Sherlock didn’t want to wait. He didn’t care.”
John was watching the CCTV camera when he noticed a small attic window in each unit. It was centered on the roof at the back of each house. The roof of each house was connected to the house on each side making on continuous roofline for the entire block.
“Problem, Mister Watson?”
“Because I can’t pay for my clinical rotation. I’m barely making ends meet now. Besides, it won’t be forever.”
Sherlock stepped closer and cupped John’s face with his palm. “He won’t hurt me again, John. You don’t need to worry about that. I’m stronger now. I won’t let him.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes as Sherlock turned to face his mother.
“Roll over. I’m not done exploring you.”
Sherlock glared at the man. Moriarty just laughed.
“What was that!?” Elizabeth shouted.
Sherlock looked at the third photo and tried to not let his emotions show on his face. The blonde was leaning over John and kissing him. The two were still on the dance floor. The other dancers were ignoring the two men. John’s hands were resting on the blonde’s shoulders.
“Once again, you are mistaken. Now leave. John and I wish to be alone.”
“Why was Elizabeth murdered?” Mycroft asked coldly.
Greg sighed and stood up. “I was just trying to be a friend.”
~221~
“Alright, then we stop him.”
“He caught me searching their dressing room behind the curtain. I found the same kind of paint that was used to write the cyphers.”
John opened the door and Sherlock looked at the man’s face. The bruise on John’s cheek was already dark. John’s eye was blackened too. Sherlock took in a quick deep breath, seeing the marred face. He hesitantly reached up but John pulled back before Sherlock could touch him.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. “In the shoulder. And you developed a fever. That was eight days ago.”
He blinked several times as he looked at John. Then opened his eyes brightly and wave John over to a seat.
“John is too weak. It would kill him if we even tried. This is the only way.”
John pulled out of Sherlock’s embrace and wrapped his arms around his naked waist, shivering. “It’s cold. Damn, I think the heater’s broken.”
The cab pulled up in front of the Enclave. The forensic team were already there. Blue and white crime scene tape cordoned off the front door of the bar from the gathering crowds. It was at least two hours before the club would be open.
John stared at Frankie then slowly closed his eyes. “There’s no evidence. Nothing that can be taken to court.”
“Agreed.” He said with finality.
The older man continued and Hinde interpreted. “The local doctor removed the bullet but she has a fever. She is not getting better. He is afraid she will die.”
John looked up at her and winked. “Thanks, Roberta.”
“Because my brother hates me. He wants to see me suffer.”
The dark haired man’s head was tipped back over the edge of the tub. His eyes were closed and he was panting hard. John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s naked chest. Sherlock tipped his head back up and looked at John through hooded eyes. A broad relaxed smile across his flushed face.
“Lestrade? He is harmless.” Sherlock said.
The Musgrave Charity Gala.
“Second, you will not be allowed any visitors.” Dr. Owens said calmly, ignoring Sherlock’s protest.
“Who else would be willing to pawn the watch? Who other than yourself had access to it? You said you received it upon your father’s death. So not another family member. You have been at sea for many years. If you had pawned it, you would be unable to reclaim it before it was sold. Therefore it had to be your father who was pawning it. Why would a man of more than adequate income fall into such poverty to pawn a valuable item as a gold watch. Health issues. What kind of health issues come and go at least three times, drunkenness.”
“Could we get a cup of coffee?” Sherlock asked.
“You have spoken to Sherlock?” Mycroft had placed surveillance on Sherlock. He had never been informed that Sherlock was meeting someone as dangerous as Magnussen.
The skinny blond man looked up into John’s face. He smiled again. It was a lopsided smile and John noticed anticipation in the young man’s eyes.
A fleeting smile came and went from Sherlock’s face. “You’re the one who had the connections. You’d been doing this for years – decades if you were working when John was a child. And with Moriarty as your front man, you could hide in plain sight. Sitting here on your dais, watching the people dance around you like marionettes, without anyone knowing you were the one holding the strings.
He looked and her bedroom door was open. John quickly went down the hall and looked inside. The room was empty. He checked the wardrobe. All of her clothes were gone. She left the flat while he was taking care of Sherlock.
“It’s Jefferson Hope.” Sherlock said calmly beside John.
“It’s Greg, not Gregory.” He said darkly.
“Until when?” John turned to look at the man.
“I told you I don’t have one. I don’t need one.” Sherlock returned to the suitcase locks. It clicked open and Sherlock quickly unzipped the suitcase.
“Is there a difference?”
“I am not emotional!” Sherlock barked back at his mother. He jumped up from the couch and waved his hands in the air.
“The way you are looking at me. I feel naked.”
Thank you for the wonderful comments. It does make it easier to write when I know someone is enjoying the story. I do tend to update quickly but that is dependent on my job. RL must come first. Also I know nothing about military life so please forgive the glaring mistakes I make in regards to the time in the Army.
Magnussen looked at the rearview mirror. The driver’s eyes were staring back at him. Magnussen nodded and the car pulled over to the side of the road. Sherlock jumped out of the car. He rushed as far from the car as he could before he stopped. He turned and watched as the black saloon drove away. Sherlock’s heart still pounding in his chest.
The small group of students followed the attending through the wards. Stopping at different beds and discussing the illness and treatment of each patient. John was listening intently and taking notes, when he passed by a bed with a badly beaten man.
“I . . . I . . . No, I’ll be fine here. Out here.”
“You are too generous.” He said softly.
“I wouldn’t bet on that.” James leered.
The knock on his office door brought Mycroft out of his stupor and back into the concerns of the present. He pressed the button and the door unlocked. His new assistant entered the room carrying a brown paper sack.
Sherlock quickly spun around and saw the pain etched across John’s face. His trousers were soaked and a pool of blood and liquid formed at his feet.
“Sherlock, you should have notified the authorities as soon as you found your intruder.” Mycroft leaned heavily on his brolly.
Culverton didn’t noticed. His eyes were fixed on Mycroft’s mouth. The small curve to the man’s lips and the light sweat that covered Mycroft’s upper lip.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. Sherlock and I were just friends . . . actually colleagues.”
Sherlock glanced back to the CD case in his hand. “Mycroft – I still am . . .”
John hoped he had time to get to Sherlock before Smith told Lestrade where to look.
“I know. I will be.”
“I loved my father.” The words rushed out of Sherlock’s mouth before he could stop them. He looked ashamed for saying them. “Mycroft will tell you that emotions are a weakness. A flaw. He learned that from our mother.” Sherlock looked away from John and fixed his gaze on something from his past. A previous moment where his mother played on his feelings. He finally turned back to John and the doctor could see Sherlock pulling up his walls to protect himself. “My father left when I was very young. I missed him very much. I didn’t understand why. I thought I was the reason he left. I asked my mother and Mycroft but neither of them would tell me. When he returned years later, I was . . . different. I didn’t want to trust him. I didn’t want to believe he loved me. I was punishing him for going away . . . for leaving me. I realize now it was foolish, but I couldn’t stop myself. But as cold as I was to him, my mother was worse. She never forgave him. Never let him forget he had abandoned his family. When he died, I was fifteen. I realized that I would never be able to tell him how much I loved him and that I really did forgive him. I had lost any chance to make it up to him.”
“He’s not my John anymore. He’s – changed.” Sherlock glanced away.
He watched as the yellows and golds turned to reds and pinks. Fingers of violet and darker blue streaked across the sky. The desert wind picked up and brought the scent of cooking fires and cumin. John shivered although he wasn’t cold. He looked up at the sunset again. Soon it would dark and out in the desert it would be unbelievably dark. Only moonlight and stars to guide you.
“So it was an emotional reason. You cared for him. He cared for you.”
“He said this other crackhead was murdered. He said it was an active crime scene, the bastard.”
A tight grip wrapped around Mycroft’s heart. Using the letter knife he sliced through the wax seal and opened the letter.
“Stop the suppressants. Your next heat should be about a week later. So the first three days we need to prepare for the heat.”
John leaned back against the leather couch. Maybe things were going to be looking up for him.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.” Sholto said over the phone.
“I believe the threat is more than obvious, don’t you? Someone is threatening your little friend and a threat against him is a threat against you. And since the photo came to me . . . it is a threat against me. It is obvious that we need to neutralize this threat but until we know who is responsible we must be in a defensive mode. John Watson must leave London.”
Greg gritted his teeth. “I believe you are treading in to restricted territory, Mister Holmes.”
Moriarty smiled salaciously as he watched.
The rooms stank of decay and rot. Mildew and excrement. Mycroft covered his noise with his handkerchief as he walked through the building. Fearing his brother wasn’t there but fearing more that he could be.
Mycroft didn’t answer the police officer but Sherlock spoke up.
“Hey, omega, do you give private lessons?” the alpha who said he couldn’t do it asked.
“Companion? Who are you talking about? John?”
Both men waited until Dr. Owens had left. Sherlock glaring at Mycroft while Mycroft remained aloof. Once the door was shut, it was Sherlock who spoke first.
“No, darling.” Victor stepped over to the older woman and gave her an exaggerated kiss on the cheek. “I’m off to have fun.”
“I can’t afford any more distractions. I must give all my strength to saving the king and queen It is time that Sherlock Holmes is killed.” Mycroft said somberly. Then he glanced at the covered box. “Get that repulsive thing out of here!”
John twisted away from the omega and shoved his hands back into the sudsy water he was washing the dishes in.
“Out.”
Before he could speak, Sherlock rattled off.
Sherlock had opened the door of their flat and was looking around the sitting room. He grabbed a note pad and a pen. He handed them to John.
Mycroft turned and looked out at the sea one more time. He wanted Sherlock back. He wanted to know he was safe. He felt responsible for whatever danger Sherlock was in now. Alone and probably fighting for his very life.
It took two hours to sober Sherlock up enough for them to talk.
“No.” Sherlock whispered.
Thank you all for the wonderful comments and kudos. I'm glad so many seem to be enjoying this story. It will be a slow build but it will also have smut.
“But you’ve just woken up. I’m eager we get to know each other.”
John stared at Sherlock for several seconds. Then he shook his head.
Elizabeth struggled to move her arm towards the call button.
John’s face went emotionless. The warm bright blue eyes went dead.
Sherlock held out his hand showing the detective the cufflink. Greg reached for it when suddenly John leaped out the chair, growling. He grabbed Sherlock and pulled him back from the detective.
“They were connected weren’t they?”
“John . . .” Moran said cautiously looking around at the sun bleached houses.
Sherlock looked unconcerned at the weapon. He took a deep breath in through his nose and began.
“We have forty-five seconds before his train monkeys realized their master is out on the floor. We need to leave now. Can you climb?” Sherlock looked Moran over.
“John, if you are going to lie, you will need to learn how to look someone in the eye while you do it.” Sherlock said coolly. John didn’t answer him. “I’m not tired. You can go lay down in my bed. I want to stay up and do some research.”
He pushed Sherlock down to his knees. Sherlock hesitated and glanced up to where he had last seen Watson. John was gone. Sherlock reached for one of the brushes and began to scrub the deck.
John grunted and brought his hands up. He pushed as hard as he could on Seb’s chest. Separating the two of them as John shouted.
“Let’em go,” she slurred. “I’m leaving.”
The seagulls’ squawks seemed far away. The sound of waves rhythmically washing ashore was soothing.
“You wanted Sherlock to take John back?” Moran asked.
“Nor you, sir.” John said. “Like I said last night. No one needs to know and there is no reason to make a big deal about it.”
He hesitated for a moment, then leaped. His hand grabbed the branch, the bark cut into his skin, stinging. He swung himself over until his feet touched another limb.
“You told me you loved me then you told me to leave.”
“No, not years. Mycroft would have been able to eliminate any evidence of treason if it was years ago. Even several months ago. It had to be recent. In the last . . . let’s say six months if we assume that Mycroft was negligent.”
Irene smiled. She lifted the crop and dragged the tongue of it down Sherlock’s cheek.
“We both know that’s not true.” The man snapped at John.
John put his hands out and let his fingertips skim along the walls as he ran down the hall. He saw the gapping blackness of an opening and rushed through it into large black room. A small line of light crept around the curtained windows. John disappeared quickly into the inky darkness. He stumbled forward and found the round doorknob. Quickly, he yanked the door open. The light from a streetlamps flooded in. The pale pinkish light brightened the room. John took a deep breath, but before he could slip outside, a shadow moved to block him. John stumbled backwards, tripping over some unseen object. He fell backwards, feeling arms wrap around his chest. Moran caught the falling man. The two crashed to the floor together.
Moran licked his lips again as his prick jerked in his hand. Yes, he could easily imagine bending that long thin body over and forcing his cock into the man. He would demand that Sherlock keep his hair long and curly. That way, Moran could grab hold of it and hold Sherlock still as he thrust into the omega. Moran imagined the scream Sherlock would make with the first intrusion, then the growing moans and pleas from the dark haired omega as he ravaged him.
“Prove it,” Frankie smiled back.
“You know what?”
John cupped his hands and blew into them. He really wasn’t cold, but the movement was more instinctual. Preparing himself for combat. His body appeared relaxed as he leaned against the damp bricks, but in actuality, his muscles were tight, ready to spring into action. His shoulders were slightly hunched forward and his thigh muscles were tense. The weight of the gun at the small of his back, comforting. John’s eyes scanned the crowds again, looking at faces. Seeing who was glancing sideways deceptively, who was checking out the crowds besides himself. Which faces had he seen before. Just as he used to look into the faces of Afghan nationals watching for that one person who glanced a bit too long at him, or who tried to duck their face to hide it from the soldiers, the one who had an AK47 hidden under their cloak.
“You told me you were going to rob the diamond exhibition.”
“He said it would be too dangerous for both of us to return. It would be safer for me to stay in Barbados. But I was kidnapped the night before he left.”
“NO!” Sherlock shouted. He lunged forward but John caught him.
Sherlock waved the comment away. “As I said. We are better suited than any other pair of bond mates I know. We have lived together for over a year and a half. We work together. Share equally in all thing.”
John started to get out of the bed but he alpha growled at him. John narrowed his eyes and went to punch the man. Moran predicted John’s movements and grabbed John’s wrist before the man could swing. Moran twisted John’s arm and flipped the omega over on to his stomach, pinning his arm to his back. Moran laid down over John’s body. Crushing the omega to the soiled mattress.
“The murder victim?”
“You are here to spy on me for my brother.” Sherlock growled.
“I already had one.” John forced himself to try and sound angry still.
“Where am I?” Sherlock asked as he jumped out of the bed.
Mycroft’s hand flopped down on to the bedding. His fingers just brushing over the fabric of his umbrella.
Sherlock thought to himself.
The Enclave appeared empty. There was no music playing and the strop lights were turned off. The normally crowded bar area had the various stools flipped upside down on the bar top. The underlighting was turned off.
Sherlock blinked his eyes and looked up at the enraged face of the monster. Slowly Sherlock smiled at him.
“Why didn’t he contact you when you were recovering?”
John hands were shaking. His thumbs nervously tapped the tabletop. He pulled his hands into his lap, trying to control them. He tried to remember what Sherlock had said the day before.
Sherlock grunted and groaned John’s name as his rhythm faltered. He thrust just a few more times till John felt the pulsing of Sherlock’s member deep inside himself.
“Wait, what happened to waiting for me to get use to this idea?”
“We’ve left them with powder and ball. They should be fine. They’ll make San Juan in a week.”
“John? . . . .” the two men turned to see Sebastian Moran standing on the landing of the stairs.
After Jeanette, John tried dating other women. It seemed John would have one or two dates with a woman, before she either told him she was not interested in dating him, or simply refuse to return his calls. He wasn’t sure, but he thought Sherlock might have something to do with that.
He needed to control Holmes by controlling his brother. And his brother has slipped through his fingers. The man cursed again as the door opened to his private rooms.
McMath entered the room and closed the door behind him.
“I’m not gay, but I am attracted to you. I guess I have been for a while. Just you, no other blokes.” John said.
“John.”
“So you have a difficult case you need my assistance on?” Sherlock asked lightly.
Now that they were technically within John’s territory, the alpha relaxed slightly but still didn’t want to be far from the omega. John wondered briefly how soon it would be before Sherlock started to bristle under such scrutiny.
“And what about our father . . . did he ever mention me?” Jim asked.
“One question, there are twelve bottles in there.” John glared.
Sherlock growled and turned back to Joey. “How long has he been here? Did anyone bring him?”
“He loves me,” Sherlock said in a half voice.
Sherlock knew he needed to leave. He needed to go out and rescue his omega but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his child. He couldn’t walk away from his pup. What would John say if Sherlock allowed anything to happen to William?
“I’m expensive.”
Sherlock became more attentive to John for the next two weeks. He went with John to do the shopping. The two men were placing the finishing touches on the nursery and were spending their evenings together on the sofa, just being together. Although, during the day, Sherlock was transfixed by Irene’s camera phone. He kept trying to discover what the code was to unlock the thing.
“I don’t think so. He got angry at one on my forensic techs and set the man’s car on fire.” Greg said as he watched the two Holmes leave.
“The girl?” James whispered.
“He’s a crook. A thief. And he seduced you for the purpose . . .”
“Who is the target?”
“I couldn’t let ‘im mess up my travel plans.” Frankie said.
“You can’t honestly believe this can you?” Smith argued. “They’re making me sound like some kind of serial killer.”
“Well, I agree but don’t be surprised if Mycroft has other plans. It will be his nephew or niece. I expect tremendous interference from him and my parents.”
Tommy, the small boy, returned with a bucket of water and a ladle. He handed the ladle to Sherlock who dropped it and grabbed the bucket. Sherlock held it up to his lips and took a great big gulp. Water slid down the sides of Sherlock’s face and splashed across his chest.
Mycroft presently sat in the Sherlock’s leather and chrome chair. An ice pack pressed up against his swelling black eye. Sherlock was in his bedroom changing his torn shirt. John had pulled the two brothers apart as they fought over a previously unknown brother.
“My plan is working perfectly and I will finally have my revenge.”
He opened a small wooden box on John’s desk and found the emerald necklace Sherlock had saved from the Speckled Band. The man quickly glanced around to see if he was alone. Sherlock watched as the man took out his knife and started to pry the gemstones from their settings. The man was concentrating so hard, he didn’t hear Sherlock crawl out of the bench seat.
John opened his eyes again and listened to Moran’s breathing behind him. It was obvious the soldier was asleep. John tried to shift and move away. Moran grunted and pulled John back again. John then tried to roll and move to the side. Moran scooted closer and flopped his leg over John’s trapping him to the bed.
“His injuries . . . too much for us . . . Huntley is dead.”
“So you beat him to punish him for me and you murdered him because he stole from you.”
Moriarty glanced up at the gold gilt Louis the XIV chair. An antique that had cost them eighteen hundred euros. “No, just toss it. I’m thinking of redecorating anyway.”
“I’ve dreamed of you saying that to me. Let’s go.”
“We were chasing a criminal down the street and the idiot here decided he didn’t need to wait for backup. He went down an alley behind the man and was hit in the head by a brick.”
Moriarty ignored him.
“Sherlock has a brilliant mind. Not as brilliant or disciplined as mine but far superior to the average . . . goldfish.” Mycroft gaze slipped up and down John’s body with contempt. “He was better suited to help me than dally with you. I just insisted he come to his senses and step into his rightful place.”
“Do you really want me to stop, or would you like to feel my hand wrapped around your prick.”
“Doing what?” Sherlock asked confused.
St. Elmo’s Fire had disappeared from the masts as the wind picked up and the waves grew. Sherlock stood fixed to the spot where John had just kissed him. It wasn’t until the rain was falling heavier on his face did Sherlock move to go down into the lower decks.
Moran started to growl but felt the blade slip further in.
Mycroft’s expression showed no remorse for breaking the news to John so cruelly.
“Sherlock, please stop moving.” John growled. “We are going to have to wait until the knot goes down and the more you fight, the longer it will stay put.”
“The one about that omega. I saw it in the society column.”
John . . . his John . . . in the arms of another alpha. Sherlock knew he had no one to blame but himself. Moran had deceived John, but Sherlock had push John away by his callus behavior with Irene. He swayed and swallowed the bile threating to explode from his gut. He was responsible for John being led astray and now trapped by Moriarty. Sherlock blinked the tears back and promised himself. He was to blame and he would save John.
The temperatures were beginning to warm and the crowds were out shopping amongst the stalls. Sherlock walked passed the trendy shops and the tables with odd bits of silver and obsolete china patterns towards the prearranged meeting place. He didn’t see Moriarty anywhere around. He wondered if the man knew it was a trap.
John lapped at Sherlock’s lips and the alpha welcomed the young man into his mouth. Sherlock moaned and wrapped his arms around John’s waist and pulled him closer. He could feel the brush of John’s cock against his in the warm water. It was ridiculous after three days of repeated and exuberant sex, but Sherlock was becoming aroused again. He chased John’s tongue back into the omega’s mouth. He listened to John’s groan and felt the reverberations through his body.
Mycroft would have to have a conversation with said doctors when this was over. He sighed and slowly opened his eyes. Culverton Smith stood beside Mycroft’s IV pole. In his hand was a syringe. The needle already in the port and his thumb was depressing the plunger.
The unit they were in was being refurbished. Moriarty led them into the building and turned on the lights in the front room. The windows were papered over and the flooring had been removed. Sheets of plywood had been nailed down and were waiting for the final flooring to be laid. The walls were freshly plastered and paint fumes indicated the recent redecorating.
“No one important,” John said. “I’ve brought you something special.”
The man was furious. He threw the crystal brandy snifter across the room. The glass shattered as brown liquid stained the wall and carpet.
“Holmes ain’t missing, captain. He came back here last night.”
“You are awfully loyal very quickly, Sherlock. Will there be a happy announcement soon?” Mycroft said cruelly.
Greg frowned. “Maybe because you have been disappointing.”
“And if I refuse?” Sherlock leered.
“Not bad, but I could do with some paracetamol.” John couldn’t help the broad smile on his face.
“Yes, John, we both care very deeply for Sherlock and we both need to protect him from himself.” Mycroft sighed. “I do not wish to cause Sherlock any more distress, but I can’t see a clear way to neutralize Moriarty that won’t lead to the destruction of everything we’ve built.”
“It was a cold case. A murder of a police officer eleven years ago.” Greg said calmly.
There were files and typewritten reports. Several color and black and white photos were evident too. Sherlock greedily grabbed at the photos and laid them out across the table. Then he flipped through the files until he found a diagram of the gallery. The location of the various paintings and sculptures and where the guests were. He read through the reports and tossed the papers aside when he was done.
Sherlock looked up and frowned. “He shouldn’t have. You weren’t to blame.”
A man in the other boat waved his arms and shouted. “He is mine! Give him back!”
The driver finally looked at John in the rearview mirror. His eyes were blank and dull. It was obvious he didn’t know who Trevor was. John wasn’t sure if that was better or not.
“Soon John. Soon.” He promises himself.
Sherlock’s words came back to John instantly. They only made him angrier. He growled as he clenched his fists. People swerved to avoid bumping into the man as John marched down the pavements and further away from Sherlock. After all these years, Sherlock still knew exactly how to get under John’s skin.
~^+^~
Finally after a week of jogging with the group of alphas and betas, John decided to jog by himself. It took Moran two days to discover his route and follow him. When Moran moved up in step with John as he rounded the motor pool, John sighed and allowed the alpha to pace with him. The next day he didn’t even seem surprised to be intercepted by the alpha on the run. Now the two ran in comfortable silence together.
Moran was stunned into silence. John stood before Moran in his skivvies. John was barefoot and bare chested. In the clear moonlight, Moran could see the tan blemish free skin of John’s torso. The defined pectoral muscles, the taut nipples. The trim outline on John’s waist down to his hips. The smooth skin of a flat hard abdomen. The well-developed thighs of a soldier.
“James!” he whispered sharply.
“I said come along.” Victor growled.
John glanced up at him. “You don’t think a woman is capable of being that powerful?”
John gave a weak smile. “That’s not how one bonds.”
“Is that true Mister Holmes? Were you here with . . .” Lestrade turned and looked at John.
Sherlock walked down the hill towards the sea instead of following the road to town. He knew Mycroft would have his men quickly rushing to Bridgetown to look for him. Once Sherlock made it to the beach, the young man walked along the sand and towards the lights and sounds of Bridgetown.
“Sherlock?” John stepped closer to the omega.
John had decide fate was out to get him. The mysterious force of the universe hated him. He knew that as a fact when he opened his front door. Two uniformed PC’s were standing there, informing him, he needed to accompany them to headquarters.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he gasped. He tried to sit up but he couldn’t. His wrist and ankles were secured to the bed. Sherlock frantically looked around the room. He didn’t recognize anything. His heartrate sped up as he tried to remember. ‘
Sherlock noticed the man had stopped pacing on the porch beneath him. He could smell cigarette smoke lofting up and carried in on the breeze. Sherlock smiled. The man was distracted. Sherlock picked up the ornate vase that the ridiculous housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, kept bring into his room with flowers.
John leans up on his knees to check Moran’s head. Dirt mixed with blood covered most of the colonel’s face. John splashed water on cotton wadding and started to wipe the wound. Moran jerked his head back, forcing John to lift up to catch him. The gun shot is loud but then everything seems to go quiet for John, like he was sudden submerged under water.
Roylott took a step towards John but Sherlock pressed the barrel of the gun into the man’s temple.
“I told you to call me Seb.” A forgotten warmth began to grow inside Moran’s chest. A single ember that had been smothered began to glow again.
Suddenly, John’s mobile rang in his hand. He almost dropped it. He looked down at the ringing phone then back up at Sherlock.
“It’s okay, Seb. He’s from my brother-in-law.” John said as he hung his head. “How long has Mycroft been searching for me?”
“No it is not!” Moriarty raised his voice. “I want him destroyed!”
“No, you’re not an idiot but you are a lot of trouble.”
“What the devil are you doing?” John asked.
“Ready!”
He smiled as he crossed the room and sat down at his desk. The chair embraced him and he finally felt at home. He removed the letter from his jacket and let his fingers slid over his name written on the envelope. He quickly opened it and read the woman’s tiny handwriting. She was desperate for him to visit her as soon as possible. He felt confident that if he went to Whitehall Palace in the morning, she would readily meet with him. He set the note down and then glanced at the other letters. Disregarding one after another, he paused on the last letter. It was addressed to the
“I assure you, I know nothing about shooting in Dockland or any subsequent murders.” Mycroft let his voice remain calm and relaxed.
Hinde went up to a group of older men standing together at the edge of the road. He spoke to them and one man waved his hand out towards the desert. Hindi nodded and rushed back over to John and the men.
The policeman walked up to the man sitting on the ground. The bum was stretched out on a piece of stained cardboard. His clothes were filthy and he smelled. The policeman tapped his toe on the bum’s shoe.
Greg Lestrade got out of his car. He didn’t know why he had been called to the abandoned house near the Vauxhall tunnels but here he was. He carefully stepped this way through trash that littered the ground surrounding the house and up to the police officer guarding the door.
When the CIA agent held the gun to back of John’s head, all he could think of was Sherlock. Sherlock kept denying he knew the combination. He stood there as his bond mate and child were being threatened. All John could do was listen as the man counted down till the trigger would be pulled. And waited.
He used every opportunity to learn everything he could about being a soldier. The study habits he used in medical school he applied to officer training. He pushed himself as hard as he could physically and spent his free time at the firing range with the drill sergeant improving his shooting scores. After the months of training, John finished top of his squad for basic. He wore his khaki dress uniform with the leather belt and sash over his shoulder at the commencement services. His black beret had the silver and gold insignia of the Royal Army Medical Corp on the center front. The commanding officer of the base pinned the ribbon on John’s uniform then saluted him. John smartly returned the salute. His face emotionless and stoic.
“John, please tell me what to do.”
He blinked away the tears. He twisted and rolled out of John’s arms. He swung his feet on the cold floor and sat on the edge of the bed trying to catch his breath.
“Even if I was overwhelmed by work, I would still place seeing you above it all.” Mycroft patted the back of her hand. He tried to sound trite but there was a sliver of emotion in his voice.
“I’m telling you, I’m not Sherlock Holmes. I don’t know what you are talking about. I don’t know anything about a pin!”
“I’ve got a gun!” Came another shout from Frankie Oskar.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed over at Mycroft then returned to Jim’s face.
It was a crowded tavern and whorehouse. The main room had numerous tables with  dozens of men drinking and laughing. At the back of the room was a staircase that led up to an open balcony that surround the room and allowed a view of the floor. There were obvious rooms off the balcony where the prostitutes got down to business. Several women were leaning over the railing of the balcony. They dirty blouses barely able to contain their bosoms within. A large brutish black man stood at the foot of the stairs, preventing anyone from climbing the stairs without permission from the owner.
Then there was a bang and the man holding gun at Sherlock flew backwards. The front of his shirt bloomed scarlet. The other men were stunned. It took them a moment to realize it wasn’t Sherlock who had shot their companion. They looked around and then noticed the men standing on the sterncastle of the Morstan.
John felt Sherlock’s body try and milk him. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips hard. Finger size bruises formed on the pale white skin as John shoved up into the omega over and over again. Sherlock moaned and collapsed forward, smearing the cum between them. John growled and rolled the two of them. Sherlock yelped as the knot pulled against his sensitive opening. John started thrusting harder into the man. Going from deep to deeper.
Moran’s attention moved back to the three men on the pool deck. John, James and Holmes. When did the detective get a gun in his hand?
Sherlock’s eyes were focused on the door until Mycroft closed it behind himself as he left. He immediately turned and swooped down to wrap his arms around John’s shoulders.
“I prefer Gregory.” Mycroft kept his smile.
Sorry for the delay, RL got in the way of posting.
John kicked his legs trying to dislodge the thin blanket. The woman squeaked.
Sherlock asked himself. He hesitantly glanced around the flat. There were no indications that his roommate had been there in the last few hours.
“John is in hiding. You don’t know where he is.” Sherlock hoped he was right.
“I like to put my feet up on while I watch telly.”
“What did you say?” Sherlock asked.
“Don’t try that with me, boy. McMath has already made a bet he will pop your cherry before we make St. Croix.”
James was relaxed and lowered his guard. The blond stranger didn’t answer James. The Browning automatic came out quickly. The man aimed it efficiently and pulled the trigger. The report was loud. The sound continued to ring in Sherlock’s ears as James’ body slummed to the ground. Sherlock twisted to look at James’ dead body. Blood was already staining the concrete.
“Bad night at the bar,” John whispered back. His eyes fixed on the attending as he explained the complications of a brittle diabetic.
Afternoons, John learned about military history, defense and regulations. He became proficient with map reading and a compass. Something he never needed in London. John learned about famous battles and military tactics. He smiled wondering if he would ever need any of this training once he was in the operating room. He treated it like a retreat from medical training. A sabbatical.
“I’ve known Sherlock since he was fifteen.” Lestrade said almost off handed.
“He is trained to ignore inane question, John.” A voice came out of the dark corners of the room.
“Don’t.” John said firmly.
“No, no, no, my little one. How much Mycroft is going to pay me to bond with you? I am the only one who makes demands here. The rest of you will do as you are told . . . or else.” The odious smile slipped from Magnussen’s face.
Sherlock looked up and saw the open and fond expression on John’s face. “Make me.”
“In country? Actual front line!? Honestly?! Yes . . . God, yes!”
“Soot from the burnt food?”
Sherlock remembered a previous comment John had made.
John was still looking at the faces of the crowd when he heard a loud thud and a collective gasp from the audience. He glanced back to see the crossbow bolt lodged into the wooden target and the man who had been chained there, laying on the floor, freed. The crowd broke out in excited applause as the man slowly climbed to his feet.
“Sherlock, I could punch you in the face. Why didn’t you tell me all this when we first moved in? I wouldn’t have been worrying all this time.” John lied. All of this would have made him want to move, but now he was relieved to know his worse fears had not been realized.
“Quite, please.” She listened to his breathing. “You developed a slight pneumonia during your little excursion.”
Sherlock tried to ignore his brother. He unpacked a wooden box and held it in his hands for a moment, seeming surprised he was holding it. Sherlock tried to hide it from his brother. Sherlock dropped to his knees and climbed under his bed.
Mycroft glanced back and forth between the young man laying on the couch and his brother. The blanket still clutched in his hand, limb and drooping like Mycroft’s comprehension of the scene.
“He is working with Gordon and his Clans to overthrow us. He wants his crown back, dear.” Mary said.
James tossed his coat over a chair in the kitchen as he walked through to the sitting room. John waited beside Sherlock. His hand resting on the small of Sherlock’s back.
“Yeah, well, he didn’t know and made a few calls for me. He said you had be transferred up here to this fancy private clinic. I’m surprise you are still here.”
He knelt on the edge of the bed and quickly checked to see if the omega was breathing. His finger slipped around Sherlock’s neck to check his pulse rate. John grabbed the needle and held it up to the light. Nothing remained in the syringe. He threw it across the room. It shattered against the wall.
“Maybe they thought to ransom me. That once Mycroft made it back to England he would pay for my release. Or at least that is what they believed.” Sherlock said.
“Then we will leave.” Isabella Chatwells said.
“Poison?” She slurred.
John sighed and tipped his head slightly to the side. “We both knew this was going to happen. I need to finish my training.”
John walked up behind the man; using his sword, he smacked at the pirate’s blade and knocked it out of his hands. The pirate turned and roared at John.
He buried his face in his hands and prayed the ambulance would arrive in time. He prayed he would finally have a chance to do what was right for Sherlock. He would finally be the brother the man needed. The seconds ticked by. Stretched to hours. Mycroft waited as Sherlock flailed on the dirty mattress.
“John? John Watson?”
“Who are you?” The stranger asked.
“Unacceptable. I am the pack alpha. It is my responsibility to find you a suitable alpha to bond with.” Mycroft said.
the idea was too hideous to consider. Mycroft physically shook it away.
“He will take what he wants and leave you afterwards. He has no other interest in you but adding to list of conquests. Sherlock, in your own best interest, you really should break this off sooner rather than later. It’s all in that file I gave you, if you only had taken the time to read it for yourself.”
John’s eyes focused back on Sherlock. He seemed to shake himself out of the past and back into the present. He pouted and continued.
“He’s getting married.” James said as he took another bite, pulling the plate out of John’s reach.
“Your assistant is flirting with my date.” Victor said as he set the glass down on the bar top.
“John, you are my mate . . . I would never betray you.” Sherlock took a step towards John, but the omega backed up.
He quietly came into the flat not to wake Sherlock, but it was unnecessary. The other young man was awake and reading in a chair that John didn’t recognized. Even dressed as sloppy as he was, Sherlock was still gorgeous. The younger man was wearing worn flannel sleeping pants and he sat with his long legs stretched out in front of him. His shirt was a ratty old t-shirt with several visible holes at the neckline and seams. He also wore a dark blue dressing gown spread out around him like some ‘superhero’s’ cape.
2017 Moriarty explains his plan to Moran 2006 Lestrade gets picked up off the street.
“Evening . . . This is a turn up isn’t it, Sherlock.”
John dropped his gaze. He felt sick. He believed he was to blame for this. That Sherlock was hurting Seb because of him.
It had been three weeks since the night Jefferson Hope had died in front in Sherlock. He hadn’t seen or heard from John Watson since that night. He had purposefully left the envelope Mycroft had given him untouched. He refused to accept help from his meddling brother.
John thought about shouting Sherlock’s name, but he saw the primal hatred in the man’s expression. He didn’t know what had happened to his colonel but that man was no longer behind the watery grey eyes. John let his eyes move quickly around the room. There was nothing he could use to fight back with. His body was too weak to be of any threat. Even if he could run away from Moran and get out of the room, he had no idea where they were. John pulled his knees to his chest and buried his head into knees. Maybe if he played the helpless omega, Moran would let his guard down. Give John a chance to think of some way to escape.
“Yes . . . thank you, detective. I hope that in the future . . .”
“Don’t speak. It’s alright. I’m here. They will discharge you and I will take you home.” John said as he reflexively brought his hand up and dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Mike, I’m not gay,” John said dropping his voice and glaring at his friend.
Anger flared through Moran. He would never allow another alpha to touch what was his. He would kill the first man who touched Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped pacing and looked at the other man. John still had deep blue eyes, but they were no longer open and inviting. The warmth he had known there was shut away and hidden. Sherlock knew he was to blame for it. For all of it.
“So what do you want to do? Go to England with Lestrade?” John felt his mouth go dry.
“Moran? So you know his last name without me telling you. You have been checking up on me. Why? You think because I foolishly loved you once you get the right to interfere in my life now?”
Sherlock looked confused for a moment. Normally, Sherlock’s partners were be on their knees begging for Sherlock to take them to bed. Sex, like so many other things had become predictable for Sherlock. Within five minutes of meeting a prospective partner Sherlock knew how the entire episode would play out. Everything from the seduction to the negotiation to the final act and the conclusion. Drugs fortunately dulled his senses enough that occasionally he was delayed in deducing the encounter but eventually all occurred as he expected. All except John Watson.
Sherlock frowned and turned his head away, hiding his face from the other men. At the mention of wrist, Sherlock pulled the injured arm under the sheet.
Sherlock rushed to John’s bedside and grabbed John’s restrained hand.
He tossed the letters and documents onto the fire. The paper blackened then caught light. Burning quickly in the flames. Destroying any evidence of Baskervilles complicity with James. There was no reason to let the plot be known. Baskerville’s body had washed ashore on the Aran Island just outside Galway Bay. He had been identified. His ship, the Hound, had been caught by pirates and sunk along with another vessel called the Appledore. The pirates had fled before the English navy could capture them.
“There is a whole lot wrong with it! Damn it, Sherlock! I’m an adult. I don’t need to be watched over like I’m a toddler. And as for the army . . . it is a great opportunity for me. They will help pay for the rest of my education.”
Her clothing was disheveled and her short blond hair was fallen across her brow and into her eyes. She was wearing the clothes she normally worked in. Black slacks and a pale blue oxford. But she was barefoot. She weaved slightly as she walked down the narrow hall and into the kitchen. He could smell the alcohol on her.
“No worries, I’ll make sure no one bothers them.”
Sherlock moved back to the fireplace. His fingers dragged across the crown of the skull sitting on the corner.
“Begg’in your pardon, gov, but the suspect and the omega never arrived in the lobby. They didn’t get off the lift.”
“Of course I care. I love you.”
Seb realized he had slipped. “Isn’t it obvious that Moriarty would be a criminal . . . Sherlock knows him.”
“Well?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock turned and looked at the man. “Treason.”
John laughed. “That sure of yourself.”
Mycroft finally got a good look at Sherlock’s face. The bloodshot eyes whose pupils were quite wide. He noticed the twitch in Sherlock’s muscles and the rapid thumping of Sherlock’s pulse.
Sherlock closed his eyes and moaned. Every touch – every stroke felt like he was being worshiped by John. John twisted Sherlock’s face down for a kiss. Sherlock eagerly followed John.
“You learned? You didn’t trust me when I told you, you didn’t need it?”
The rifle shot wasn’t that loud. A crack, a snap. Then silence. John felt the first wave of pain then nothing else. He laid on his back on the dry packed earth. His blood mixing into the dirt.
John’s eyes are still focused on James’ lips. He leans forward until the two men are sharing the same breathes.
“Mrs. Holmes. I’m sorry we couldn’t meet under a better circumstances.”
John couldn’t answer the man. He moaned as his felt hands stroke down his sides and reach for his belt.
“Your what?” John asked.
“Yes.” Sherlock said.
“Cleared off before we got here.” Greg said, glancing around the scene. “But a guy like that would have enemies, one supposes. One of them may have been following him, but . . . we don’t have anything to go on.”
“Punch you?”
Sherlock could feel his body warm as his pale skin pinked. He felt light-headed and dizzy. Wanting to dissolve into John’s body while wanting John to melt into his. It was new. It was different. It felt heady and unreal but completely natural. Sherlock could feel his intellect being overwhelmed by something more primitive and innate. It became unsettling. Sherlock pulled back first.
“I sincerely doubt two deaths in a hospital, makes a serial killer.” Mycroft said.
They said to him.
“So, you still happy with the bonding?” John leaned back to look into the man’s face.
The party had been the celebration for a successful heist. The robbery of an armored car. John and his team had stolen over two million pounds worth of diamonds and other gem stones. His team would disappear now and keep low for several months. The party would be the last time John would see many of them for several months.
Doctor John Watson struggled to slip the blue hospital scrubs on. The industrial washing had left the cotton stiff and scratchy. For a brief moment, John regretted not having his combat canvas fatigues to wear. The worn fabric was thicker and more substantial but softened by desert sand and sun. He could suddenly smell the dirt of Afghanistan and the feel the heat of the air. He grabbed his cane tightly to steady himself as another memory swept over him again.
“Sherlock, where do you go?”
“There is no evidence that he was involved in any leak of defense secrets. You killed Magnussen so he can’t testify against Mycroft. Mycroft has the missing thumb drive again. As for the murders, Culverton Smith is very likely admitting to committing every one of them. That’s the problem when you work with a narcissist. They claim all the credit for themselves. And you made the mistake in believing that Mycroft deals in sentiment. That he would be hurt emotionally by the deaths of our mother and Lady Smallwood. I assure you he won’t. Lady Smallwood was only an associate. There was nothing romantic there.” Sherlock lied. “And as for our mother. She was as cold and unfeeling to him as he was to her.”
“You poor thing. You’ll be alright now.”
Lestrade looked down at the needle in the smooth skin of the right inner elbow.
“Got into a fight with an Afghan native who didn’t like British soldiers.”
John cupped Sherlock’s face in his palm. “I promise, we will go see her. But I won’t let you go alone. I’ll take you there.”
“No, Victor wouldn’t be that considerate.” Sherlock said.
~221~
~^+^~
“Feel’s good?”
He hoped he didn’t sound too insincere.
“Confront me? Is this a confrontation, brother dear?”
“No. I mean, yeah, I used to work there when I was in school, but I haven’t seen Frankie in years. I don’t think he knows anything about me.”
John didn’t look good. He had tight lines around his eyes. He was under stress. ‘
“There is not enough money in the world that you could pay him to agree to bond you to the Holmes.” Sherlock said believing his brother would surly stop this madness.
James pressed the small radio device attached to the uniform. “Alpha one, area secure. Go John.” James took off the constable helmet he was wearing and walked back into the building.
“Standard procedure.”
“To the Yorkshire Warriors.” Seb said then quickly drank down the scotch.
“You need me to work with Scotland Yard if you want me to continue with my search for you.” Sherlock said firmly.
John growled and tugged a little tighter on Sherlock’s hair. He watched a small curl come to the omega’s lips in a secret smile.
James stood up and leaned over the incapacitated man. He gripped the man’s dirty collar then punched him in the jaw. The SAS officer was unconscious. James lowered him back to the ground. He glanced up and down the alley. No one was running towards him. No one was shouting or calling out to him. He was alone with the unconscious man.
Rosaleen nee’ Anthea smiled. “I’m sorry sir, I already have a date.”
“SAY THAT AGAIN! . . . Say that again and know if you are lying to me I will find you and I will skin you.”
John growled. His eyes narrowed as his face warmed with anger. He wondered how Mycroft had learned his nickname. Mycroft continued.
It was a good thing they were still in the shower. John couldn’t see the tears edging down Sherlock’s face.
Greg cocked his head to the side. “What are you good at?”
John shrugged and looked back out over the men. His hands fumbled with his muddy t-shirt.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes and I’m in the dark as much as you are.”
“Look, Mister Holmes,” Greg started. He needed to defuse the situation quickly. “John Watson is my prisoner right now. It would be best if you took Sherlock home with you.”
But Watson was gone now and Sherlock was ripe for the plucking. Jim just needed to find a reason for the man to come to him. And to beg Jim to be his owner.
John knew he looked away so John couldn’t see his eyes and know if he was lying.
“How are Victor’s and Major Sholto’s murders connected?”
Greg glanced between the man standing behind the desk and other man sitting in the chair. Mycroft’s head was up and his eyes were fixed on Greg. Sherlock was ignoring the policeman, with his fingers steeple under his chin and his attention on the fire.
The fingers that were carding through his hair felt good although the actual physical presence of someone doing it was foreign and unfamiliar. Sherlock purred as he felt the fingers glide through his curls again.
“Don’t you dare.” Sherlock hissed. “John mustn’t know.”
“Don’t you want me to come with you?”
“Even me?” John asked.
Sir Henry Baskerville stepped forward, raising a perfumed hand. “But, my king, what about Scotland and Gordon. We can’t allow our troops to be overrun by the barbarian.”
“Well, do we wait or what?”
“I wanted to have fun.” John said as he collapsed onto the couch. “How did I get here?”
“Time to go, John.” Sherlock said.
“I got shot.”
“It would have to be for me to forgo my plans of ruining your brother.”
“I’m offended by anyone who thinks I’m for sale. I’m not. But I am willing to have coffee with someone who would like to be my friend.” Greg said smoothly.
Mycroft grip tightened on the handle of his umbrella. “I am not one to give hollow threats, Doctor Watson. Stay away from my brother. You nearly destroyed him last time you left him. I will not let you harm him again.”
Sorry for the delay. RL is kicking me in the butt right now, but hopefully by next week I should have two new employees and be able to write more often again. Thank you for your patience with me.
“You’ve allowed the brute to bed you, now you should let the gentleman. I can make your time on board enjoyable or torturous.”
“Well, is it biology or emotions? How pedestrian? How boring?”
“I saw him off on a train.”
Mike and Eddy laughed.
“He’s got a mild hematoma back here. He’ll have a headache for a while but I don’t think he did any irreparable damage. I’ll order a cat scan. I’m more worried about the dehydration.”
It was his last day to work at the clinic before his heat would start. He informed Sarah he was going to be flat bound for the next nine days. She questioned his decision again but then wished him luck. He rode the tube home and was drawing the attention of several alphas on the train. One asked he would interested to getting a pint together, but John smiled and said his alpha was waiting for him at home. The man seemed disappointed but didn’t push it. Unfortunately, Sherlock wasn't there when John got to Baker Street. Another two presents was on the table.
Sherlock stood and took a deep breath. “The bullet pulled out of the wall will be from a handgun. Kill shot over that distance with that kind of a weapon makes it a crack shot you’re looking for. But not just a marksman but a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all so clearly he is acclimatized to violence. He only fired when I was in immediate danger so strong moral principle. Looking for a man with military service and . . .”
“This invisible brother wants to get to you by harming those around you. He has tried once and I’m sure he will try again. I won’t let anything else happen to Sherlock. He is under my protection now.” John’s voice dipped lower and threatened. “Now, tell me who this bastard is, so I will know who is coming after us.”
“Forgive me sir. Lady Smallwood was called away. She will be returning in less than an hour and requested that you stay.”
The man smiled. “Every possible way.”
John’s teeth ran over his lower lip. “I might have, by accident
“They are not as clever as me.” Sherlock smiled.
“Yes,” Sherlock rasped. He grunted, trying to clear his throat. “Yes, I’m fine. What . . . what were you doing there?”
Sherlock huffed and sat up. “It wasn’t that difficult of a test. But if you insist I’ll make the next test . . . easier.”
“It’s after two in the morning. The sun will be up in less than four hours. Just for a little while – stay. Let me hold you.” John whispered as his fingers lightly traced the muscles of Sherlock’s back.
“But I don’t think I can afford the rent.”
“Are you studying to be a policeman or something?” John asked confused by the variety of reading material.
“I no long have a reason to do something as foolish as that. The reason I had apparently died.”
“What if the emotional connection was not to her but to someone else?” John asked.
“So I take it that is your brother.”
“I believe you are misquoting . . .” Elizabeth dipped her chin down.
The knock on the door was unwelcome.
“How do you make the money for that? I mean test writing can’t be that good and I don’t see you tutoring other students.”
“I am unable to prevent other people from breaking the law . . . but I will assure you, I will not instigate or retaliate any injurious actions.”
Sherlock and John meet with Magnussen
Flashes of an evening came floating back to Sherlock. “I remember. You were insistent. It was – off putting.”
“You think I’m unpredictable when I’m high, brother dear. Imagine what I am like when someone I care about is threatened. I need Moran to find John. I don’t need your interference.”
John looked down at his hands. James leaned forward and wrapped his hands over John’s.
Mycroft relaxed his face muscles and slowed his breathing. He let his body go slack as he waited.
“Are all these yours?” He waved his hand towards the boxes.
Mycroft’s assistant had texted him the pertinent information regarding rehab facilities in England before he reached the hospital. He chose one and told her to make arrangements for Sherlock to transferred to it immediately.
Greg glanced around the room for a moment. “Why are you here, then?”
Mycroft had threatened John’s future. John had fought too hard and too long to allow some poncy bastard make him grovel. John thought about the possibility of losing his scholarship if the coaches learned about him and Sherlock. The season was almost over. His school fees were mostly paid up for the year. If he lost the scholarship he could possibly make enough money to finish out the year until he could join the Army. It would be extra hours at work and less time to be with Sherlock or to study, but he could do it. He was willing to do for the both of them.
“Yes, I can. Because I understand now.” Sherlock said.
Mycroft picked up the card and read the name. ‘
“Truthfully? Amazing. I must meet this man of yours. He sounds like a miracle worker.”
He closed the door and went to sit down on the couch. He pulled out his prescription pad and started to write the order for the antibiotic. Ryan and Jerry were standing in the room watching the doctor when the lift doors opened and a grey haired man stepped out with two PC’s.
“Proof or your devotion . . . your loyalty. Proof of your strength.” Sherlock kissed the scarred tissue. “It is the mark of your first love. England. It is what brought you to me.”
“Strokes are a complication of broken bones, especially in older patients.” The doctor continued. “There is no reason to suspect some form of malpractice.”
Mike Stamford and James rushed forward and knelt beside John. John’s head laid in James’ lap. Mike poured some of the ‘milk of the poppy’ into John’s mouth. Then he wiped John’s lips with the medicine. John tried to spit it out.
His voice was still deep but there was a coolness to it. A caution John didn’t remember being there.
“At her house. She apparently was entertaining someone. She served them tea. Then for some reason . . . maybe there was an argument or something . . . I don’t know . . .”
“Stamford, I believe you have a patient to look after.” Sherlock said as he slowly walked down the stairs to the main deck.
“Never took it before.” Sherlock said.
“I need a solicitor, but Sherlock is to stay with me.” John growled.
“Send the head to the Black Lotus. Tell them that General Shan was a liability and unavoidable.” Moriarty went to his desk and sat down.
“I’m stationed here with over two thousand alphas. It is not going to be a problem. If it is that damn important . . . yes, I’m on the mandatory suppressants the military issues. Have been for years now. I don’t want an alpha, I bloody don’t need an alpha. I’m a soldier and a doctor. I can handle it.”
“You feel you can take care of yourself, John, but you don’t understand how much danger you are in.”
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked glancing around the sitting room. He was looking for John, but the young man wasn’t there.
“McMath the eighteen pounders – fire when ready!”
John scowled and tried to look defiant at the other omega. “You’re planning on pushing Sherlock off the roof?”
He reached up and pressed down on his shoulder. He could no longer feel the bruise John had placed on his skin. The mark John had given him was gone. With the fading of the bruise, Sherlock felt less worthwhile. He was useless and discarded.
Sherlock leaned forward. “You are the leader of a major international criminal enterprise. I doubt that you don’t know anything about Harriot Watson.”
“Professional. Not a robbery gone wrong.” Sherlock said off-handed as he stepped closer to the body.
“No problem, sir. And Captain and your omega can just simply drive out of the garage and away.” Barton smiled at John.
John blinked and set the glass down on the table.
“Well, we can’t have that.”
~221~
“Boyfriend?” this was the first James had heard that there could be someone waiting for John back home.
“You overdosed twice in as few of days, Sherlock. One can only assume it was an obvious suicide attempt.”
2017       The lift doors opened on Sherlock’s private flat and Mycroft Holmes stepped out. Ryan and Jerry were already approaching to stop whomever was getting out of the lift without permission. When the two bodyguards saw the older Holmes they quickly backed up and tried to look as non-threating as they could.
Lestrade felt the punch to his chest and then the force of the air being ripped from his lungs. He fell backwards hitting the floor hard. His head bounced on the carpet. His eyes grew wide even as everything was turning grey. Greg wondered where John Watson had disappeared to. He would like to be there right now.
A rather pudgy man came rushing up with the child. “John?”
“Mycroft? Sherlock is dead?”
“My brother has promised to have me arrested on sight.” He slipped the phone into his pocket.
John aimed and fired but his gun was hit by the wild shot from Moran’s gun. The sights shifted a mere half inch before the bullet left the barrel of the gun. The projectile grazed across Moran’s cheek. John’s gun was hurled out of his grip. It skidded under the heavy furniture and out of reach.
The door opened and Greg Lestrade came back into the room. “You were correct. Montague Henry Cavendish died in this very room two weeks ago. No autopsy was performed.”
Barr laughed. “Holmes is so light it was like pulling in a minnow.”
John was looking down at the open suitcase. Harry’s clothes were tossed into it haphazardly. As he stared down at it, he heard the sound of clinking glass and muttering from the open bathroom door. The sound of breaking glass and his sister cursing.
“Just insurance adjusters and the owner.” Greg said.
“I have something for you, captain.” Mycroft cross the room to his desk. He opened a drawer and pulled out a small wooden box and several sealed envelopes. He stepped back over to John and Sherlock, holding the box out to John. “From a grateful nation.”
She disconnected the intercom and left Mycroft in silence. He wondered for a moment then decided, no, it was not good. It would never be good again.
“John?” Doctor Mathis asked in a clear demanding tone.
“You think by complimenting me, I will answer your questions?” She wondered if he was trying to keep her off balance.
“He ran away from the orphanage when he was fourteen. I was unable to keep track of him after that. Our father made no attempt to remain in contact with him. There have been rumors . . .” Mycroft glanced away from his brother again. “Rumors that he is involved with a northern crime syndicate but no proof.”
“Sir Henry, what a pleasure.” Magnussen oozed.
“Proof of what?” John whispered, afraid of his own voice.
Sherlock made it to John’s side and helped him up. John looked down at Hope. His shirt was scarlet with blood as his pale blue eyes still stared from behind his wireframed glasses.
“Who? Wait for who?” John asked. He refused to sit.
John’s mind latched onto that fact. Sherlock was there.
“I’m Mycroft Holmes. What is wrong?” His tongue felt too large for his mouth. He wondered how much alcohol he had drunk the night before.
“We’re leaving now with our passenger. You come after us, you’ll get more of the same.”
“It can be noted that my brother is acquainted with numerous individuals including several members of the extended royal family.” Mycroft said tapping the tip of his umbrella on the carpet.
“No but you are being a brat. Stop it.” John smiled.
“Digestion gives fuel to the brain cells.” John countered.
This John was guarded and closed off. He didn’t want to listen to Sherlock. He didn’t believe in Sherlock anymore. This John didn’t have the same open and friendly expression. His eyes, although still as blue where cold and distant. They had seen too many ugly things in the world. They would never look at Sherlock in wonder and amazement again.
“Apologies, officer. I was simply offering you a coffee and some conversation. It was not my intention to impugn your reputation.” Mycroft bowed his head and then stood up straight. He locked his eyes on the hallway in front of him, refusing to look at Lestrade as he walked passed the policeman.
Sherlock stiffened. He shook his head once as he felt John’s hand grip his. “Dead? . . . But that can’t . . . You’re lying.”
“Go . . . Sherlock . . . bring John back to all of us.” She said even though she pulled her anxious son into a hug.
“Why? Because I told you that you are boring?” asked Sherlock as he flopped down in his chair.
But he didn’t. He compartmentalized his feeling and forced himself to concentrate on the crime.
“First off, call me Greg.”
“You’re not going to try and convince me you are a virgin, John.” Sherlock said as he returned to kissing John’s mouth. John moaned.
“They said you’s was shot in the war . . . is that true?” The second man stepped closer to John. He towered over the shorter man.
“Hey, there.” John smiled back at the man.
“Don’t worry. This won’t kill you. It will just make you more . . . complacent.” Culverton Smith smiled at Mycroft.
“Always,” whispered James.
“I always hear ‘punch me in the face’ when your speaking but it’s usually subtext.”
.” Moriarty emphases the last two words.
“What day is it?”
“You fuck’n bastard!” Moran came over the top of the bar and right at Sherlock.
John gently pushed her off himself. The bodies still sticky from the night before.
“Yeah, that’s about right. Sometimes I leave earlier if the lectures run short or sometimes I stay later and spend some time catching up in the lab.”
Sherlock discovers Moran's hide out
“I think you know. Anyone else here?” John asked.
“If you had been polite enough to ask, brother dear, I would have told you I haven’t seen Jim since you warned him off. This is my friend, John Watson.”
“No, you won’t. Sherlock, tell me what happened? Who hit you?” John was getting frustrated with the younger man.
Both John and Blackwood were shirtless. Sweat streaked down their torsos. Black tattoos stood out in contrast to Blackwood’s pale body. His sinew arms wheeled the ten-pound sledge into the wood. Just before they could get the plank attached, the weight of the board would pull it out of position.
John looked at the last message and wondered what Sherlock meant by that. He smiled figuring he had probably already earned it by not throttling the man every time he deserved it. John made a new cup of Sherlock’s tea and ate five cookies. He decided he deserved them.
“Yes, sir. We are.” Dimmit turned to speak to the constable holding Mycroft’s arm. “Take him in. Don’t let him contact anyone until I get there.”
Sherlock frowned. He only had a week to change the stubborn captain’s mind.
“Thank you for waiting, John.”
John paced his flat for an hour. Angry at Sherlock and Mycroft as well as himself. Was it true that Sherlock was using drugs when they were together? John wondered who would know. He considered who their friends were when they were living together. There was Mike and Mike, being a doctor, would have said something to John. There were members of John’s rugby team, but most them didn’t like being around Sherlock and after it came out they were a couple, most quick stopped being John’s friends. There was Frankie. Maybe he would know, John thought. But there was someone else who probably knew more than he was telling and would be honest with John.
“Yea . . .” John said. “I’m sorry.”
“Where to, gov?” barked the driver.
“Ah . . . look, there’s a pub over there. Let’s go get a pint.”
John frowned. He was already angry having seen Sherlock the day before. Now he was expected to deal with Mycroft Holmes and his ‘cloak and dagger’ paranoia.
Sherlock leaned forward and brushed his lips against John’s. John took in a sudden deep breath, not expecting the contact. Sherlock only hesitated for a moment, then wrapped his hand around the back of John’s neck and held it there. He shifted his body across the bed and pulled John closer to himself. His tongue smeared across John’s lower lip and John’s mouth opened. Now given access, Sherlock took. He kissed John deeply. His hands moved across the blonde’s body, stoking and kneading at him. Sherlock shifted and kissed down John’s jawline and throat. He nipped at the sensitive tissue under John’s jaw and he dragged his nose to outline John’s ear.
“Yeah, I mean yes. And Sherlock is not with me. He doesn’t even know I’m here.” John said after he sat down.
“It is you who is naïve. Why don’t you tell Mummy the truth? The fact that you were being blackmailed and you decided to use me as payment.” Sherlock scowled back at his brother.
Victor was going to meet his date from the previous night at the club. The alpha told Victor he would be looking for him. The man wasn’t really his type, but the alpha did have an abundance of cocaine. And Victor could deal with the dark haired alpha with the pudgy blonde shadow for several lines of the stuff.
James told John it was a ‘circus’. John glanced around the room. This was
Mycroft’s glance flitted between Jim and Anthea, then stayed on the woman. He looked her over carefully. Mycroft’s mind quickly sped over his knowledge of the woman.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the photo . . . about the threat?” John asked. For the first time since John had been kidnapped he didn’t sound angry at Sherlock.
“Yeah, good morning. Who are you?”
“The ambulance is on the way.” Moran shouted.
John returned a lop-sided smile.
The title of the chapter will make sense at the very end of the chapter.
“Who the devil are you?” Dimmit barked.
“You know Mycroft?”
“But . . .”
Sherlock squatted down beside the body and looked at the man’s face. The dead man was tan and strong looking. His clothes were neat and clean. The shirt had been pressed and the jeans were still stiff from being new. He had red hair with flecks of grey beginning to show. His eyes were turquoise blue.
“I’ve deduced it. I know.” Sherlock said.
A smug smile came to Isabella’s red lips.
“Yes but you need to stop.” Sherlock said.
“John . . .” Sherlock turned and seemed surprised the alpha had gotten so close to him. “John, I would like to stop thinking for a while. Could you help me stop thinking about it all?”
John Watson had insisted on going out on patrol as soon as he had arrived at the forward base. He explained to Moran it would be better for everyone if John was with the squads and provide medical care to the civilians that need it. It would instill trust between the Afghans and the British soldiers if the civilians considered them more as aid than conquerors. Moran didn’t want to let John out in the field but the omega was determined.
“You taste good.” John’s voice was muffled by Sherlock’s shoulder. John moved down again and slowly sucked on the point of Sherlock’s shoulder. He could feel Sherlock shiver. John smiled.
Undeterred, Greg continued to undo Mycroft trousers. He pulled the zipper down and opened the trousers. Mycroft’s conservative striped cotton boxers were visible. Greg leaned forward and blew a warm breath over them just as Mycroft answered the phone.
“By Magnussen? Is that the reason that you agreed to the bonding between Sherlock and him? Did he threaten you? How could you be such an idiot?” Violet asked. The comment stung the alpha.
“Yes, sir.”
Sherlock hoped.
“I felt my presence was necessary at this moment.”
Sherlock abruptly stood up. The chair scrapping across the pavement. He shoved his hands deep into his pockets and turned. Before John could say anything else, Sherlock disappeared into the crowd. His black coat blending into the sea of people.
John’s hand smoothed down the front of Sherlock’s body until he fondled the smaller omega penis and balls. John dragged his nose along Sherlock’s neck, breathing in the omega’s heady scent. He opened his mouth and cupped it over the gland. Sherlock stiffened in his arms.
Sherlock rushed to the ladder. A Vengeance sailor swung a sword at him. Sherlock brought the pistol up. The sword smacked the pistol hard. The blow stung Sherlock’s hand. He brought his knee up into the man’s groin. He doubled over and dropped his sword. Sherlock grabbed the man’s sword and rushed to John who was trying to get out from under Hope’s dead body.
“Good night, Sherlock.” He said letting Sherlock know the conversation was over.
Mycroft was taken back. He didn’t answer the doctor.
“John, is this really necessary?” Sherlock asked.
“Nothing short of death will stop this, Sherlock. But you have nothing to fear . . .”
“I love you.” He squeezed the alpha’s hand.
“Cocaine this time, brother, dear? Or did you try something more habit forming?” Mycroft sneered.
“And what would that be? Please enlighten me in your omnipotent way.”
John looked sideways at Sholto. “Who said anything about a possible mate?”
“You can do and say whatever you like, dear brother, but you will do it here in Bridgetown under the supervision of the governor. Now go to bed. I need to concentrate on my packing before I leave on the morning tide.”
“I didn’t kill Monty Hudson.” Sherlock said as he reached to grab John’s arms.
Two months after the incident in Covent Gardens, John opened his flat door to see Anthea standing there. Her attention was focused on her blackberry as she quickly glanced up at the blonde doctor.
“Sherlock, what is it? What do you need?”
She smiled again. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
The doctor slowly turned and looked over at the man reclining on the couch. John stepped out of the kitchen and over towards Sherlock.
“Because . . .” The first tear streaked down John’s face. He fought against his emotions as he quickly wiped it away. “Because he wasn’t you.”
“Oh my dear,” Mary reached up and hugged the man. Mycroft stiffly accepted the hug. “I’m so sorry. You shouldn’t be here. You need time to morn privately. I will inform William that you will not be available.”
“Actually alphas.”
Moran was shocked by the assault. For a hesitant moment he almost attacked Moriarty for hitting the omega.
The door of the study room opened and Victor Trevor walked in. He saw John and for the briefest of moments pure hatred could been seen on his face. Then it disappeared and the suave businessman appeared.
“What?” John asked.
John twisted and looked up into Sherlock’s startled eyes.
“It’s all there in the watch.” Sherlock reached for the watch but John pulled it out of his reach. Sherlock sighed and held his hand out. Relenting, John set his prize watch in Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock turned it over and held out for John to see.
John fled from the room and down the steps. He glanced around the room at the sleeping men. He didn’t recognize anyone. He rushed out of the building and onto the street. San Juan was starting to wake. The empty streets were beginning to fill. Carts pulled by burros delivered goods to the local stores. The smell of baking bread mixed with smells of refuse and spilled liquor. A woman in a brightly patterned skirt was sweeping out the doorway of business.
“I am Sherlock Holmes’ brother. I have been informed that the police would like to question my younger brother and I am here to make sure he receives proper representation.”
John cupped Sherlock’s face with his un-bandaged hand. “I told you, I would always come for you. We will always be together. We saved each other.”
A wench walked by carrying several tankards of beer. John grabbed one out of her hands and quickly drank the entire contents while his eyes stayed fixed on Sherlock. When he was done drinking, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Sherlock kept studying John’s face silently then brought his hand up and brushed it through John’s hair.
“John Watson. And yes it is true, but I sincerely doubt Sherlock remembers any of it.” John glanced at Lestrade.
Jim took another sip of tea and smiled.
“No . . .” The word was carried on Violet’s breath.
“It only because I care.” The stranger said as John stepped in the room. “Oh, good morning Mister Watson.”
The only thing that helped the soldier was John. Moran would think about John. Use the memory of John to help him stay on course with James. He would fantasies about the blonde omega. Remember how John smelled and the sound of his laughter. Moran would lay in his bed at night and think about the doctor. Was John working again? Could he work as a doctor with his injured shoulder? Was he happy? Had he found another alpha?
“Darling, tell your silly bodyguard that his presences is no longer needed. Send him scurrying off.”
“We will not allow the man to return to English soil. We will make way for Ireland to meet our enemy on that soil and not our own.” William proclaimed.
Victor would complain when Sherlock did. He didn’t want to get Victor angry at himself again. Victor could be very cruel if he was angry.
Greg dropped the files onto John’s lap. The movement startled John’s eyes opened with alarm.
“Sangin, Sangin, this is six nine two requesting aerial assistance at location.” It was James Sholto’s voice on the radio.
“I think you can be far more stimulating with your clothes on than off.” Sherlock said after one circuit of the room.
Sherlock tried to pull away, but Rampant wouldn’t let go of him. He squeezed Sherlock’s upper arm tightly. Pinching off the blood supply as he pushed the man through the door and into a service corridor. Rampant shoved Sherlock down the hall and through a set of doors into a private room. The door swung closed behind them.
“I’m sorry I had to ask.”
“Why didn’t Mummy and Daddy take him in?” Sherlock asked.
“Why? Because you have found a new champion? You need consider your choices. John won’t be here forever.”
“I’m sorry we fought, John. I don’t like fighting with you.” Sherlock whispered.
“If you wish. It is a large house; many bedrooms. But I do not have many servants.”
“I would consider bonding if it was you.” Sherlock said unfazed.
“Sherlock is going to make this interesting. So much more dramatic than even I was planning.”
“Sherlock, please just listen to me.” Mycroft beseeched. He closed his eyes and took a deep nasally breath in. “The announcement will be in the papers today. The wedding is in two weeks. It will be private.”
“Yeah, just after sunset.” Barr said looking concerned at his captain. “Are you alright?”
John banged his fist on the black door of 221 Baker Street. The door opened and a frightened Mrs. Hudson stood staring up at the alpha.
“Who, McMath?”
“He is . . . he can get lost easily. I need to make sure he got back to the boat.”
Adrenaline pulsed through Lestrade’s veins. He stood up straight and strained to see in the darken room. He couldn’t see anyone, but he felt the sensation of someone else being in his flat. The hairs stood on the back of his neck and not for the first time, he wished he had been issued a firearm.
Moran moved quickly. He grabbed John by the scruff of his neck and shook him. “I am your alpha now! Remember that. Your pups will be my pups. I don’t want to ever hear you mention Holmes’ name again!”
“Tell me what you did today.”
“Looks like you know what you’re doing. I’ve never seen them shoot better. When’s the next mission?”
“We both did things we shouldn’t have.” John said quietly.
“Like what then?” Sherlock asked.
“I think a drug overdose will be the final straw in Mycroft’s down fall. His power and position have already been taken from him and now his family will be dead.”
John pulled himself up to the hands and knees and bent over the still man. He listened to the man’s chest then punched him as hard as he could in the man’s solar plexus. The stranger spewed water out.
“Again – idiotic! You have risen to an even greater level of stupid!” Sherlock threw his hands up in frustration. His eyes flashed angrily as his face reddened.
Lestrade hesitated then said, “Roseau, Dominica. A dark-haired man was seen jumping from one ship and being picked up by another.”
“Okay. But it is still not Egypt and I don’t think someone who is sick enough to be seen in hospital for a parasitic infection would be allowed to board an airplane to get here in the first place.” John said as he walked down the hall, trying as hard as he could to walk normally.
John hesitated for a moment. His eye traveling between the two men. If he went with them there was a great possibility he wouldn’t return, but Ryan had also promised to harm anyone in the A and E if John didn’t go with him.
Lestrade turned and stared at the young man. He opened the backdoor of the police car and shoved Sherlock into the back seat, head first. Sherlock sprawled out over the seat as Lestrade slammed the door shut.
‘How could he be so stupid?!’ he thought to himself. John had one option and although he was going to hate it, he knew he had to do it.
“His type?!” John snapped as he returned to glaring at the other man. “Do you mean a doctor or a soldier? Or are you referring to the fact I’m an alpha?”
“He got you that upset?” James asked patronizingly.
Mycroft climbed the stairs and entered his home. The first time in three years.
John fought to remain unemotional. He wondered if James and Sherlock had cleared the building yet.
~221~
Just in case, John aimed the ship to southern side of the harbor. Less opportunity for their real nationality and profession to be learned by the soldiers on the docks. Sherlock stood on the deck as he watched John load a box of French champaign into the smaller boat.
“Are you certain?”
“No, sir. I am,” John hesitated. “Alone.”
Sherlock sat very still staring at John. It appeared he was waiting for something. Something horrible to happen. It was as if he was waiting for another rejection. Another person to tell him he wasn’t worthwhile.
“It seemed appropriate.” Sherlock said handing the empty pistol back to John.
“You look like an angel. I know an angel when I see one.”
“Tell you toy to go, Holmes.” Dimmock said as he loomed over the two younger men.
He tightened his grip on the gun.
Mycroft’s eyes perused over the bottle. Bollinger’s 1999. An excellent year. He looked to see the caviar was Beluga. Mycroft smiled internally as he hummed.
John blinked his eyes and looked sideways at her. “I’m sorry?”
“The one you ran away from. The one who is to blame for breaking your heart so badly you are too scared to let anyone else in.”
2005       It started awkwardly with that single kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. Their relationship didn’t exactly move forward as much as sideways. John moved into the flat on Montague Street. The first few days had been clumsy but the two men learned quickly how to move around each other and started living together comfortably. John found Sherlock’s couch to be quite comfortable and Sherlock was good about letting John use his chemistry equipment for studying. John got use to Sherlock’s odd hours and being woken up by the sound of the man playing his violin. He tolerated when Sherlock wouldn’t speak for days on end. Sherlock got use to John’s instance on finding a job to earn enough money to pay for half the rent even though he never insisted on it.
“But Lord Holmes, the governor . . .”  the man stumbled over the words.
“Two hundred and I’ll leave.” Dimmock said. “No one needs know you were there tonight. That includes your brother.”
“You know perfectly well John didn’t want to leave me. I was forced to send him away.” Sherlock snapped at his brother.
“You’re three days out from San Juan. If you take to your oars, you’ll be there long before your water runs out.”
“Then just go with it,” Sherlock purred in his ear.
“Let’s get the fuck out of here, Jerry. Com’on Sherly.”
Mycroft thought to himself.
Sherlock turned quickly to see that the passenger was not his brother but a tall thin man with dark lifeless eyes.
“We wouldn’t be killing y’ah, but we can leave a mark or two.” The man smiled.
The two moved together in a familiar dance. Pleasuring each other. The late afternoon sun warmed the room. The golden light reflected off the wooden floors and illuminated Sherlock’s body. The man’s pale skin now glowing in the sunlight with a shine of sweat. John’s hands reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face as he moved slowly pushing into John’s body.
John ran into the darkness searching for Sherlock. He needed to find Sherlock. He needed him.
“So Watson is working for you?” Mycroft said with a certain amount of vindication in his voice.
“Frankie’s? I don’t understand. Why would he be there?” John said as he tried to regain himself.
John blinked his eyes and sighed. He was trying to derailed where his thoughts were going. Seeing Sherlock sitting in nothing but a sheet only a few feet away from him. John’s mind immediately wandered back to his dream.
John looked up at the driver. “New address.”
“Bored. Have you ever seen a case of schistosomiasis?” Sherlock repeated.
Sorry for the delay, RL got in the way again. May not be able to update tomorrow either.
“Let me in, Frankie. We need to talk.”
“Just wait, John. There is so much more I can teach you.” Sherlock said darkly into John’s ear.
“Where is Sherlock?”
“Do you fancy her?” John asked trying to ignore the twist in his chest.
“Yes. Very recently. Lay down and get some rest. I’ll be in the other room if you need anything.”
“I could have easily caught the tube. You don’t need to take me back.” John said as he turned to see a different man driving the car instead of Ryan. John glanced sideways and saw the last person he ever wanted to see again. He reached for the door handle but the door was already locked and car was speeding away from the kerb.
“Alright, what is it you are afraid to tell me.” Sherlock asked, refusing the tea.
Moriarty pouted. He had plans for Sherlock. He closed his fingers around the memory stick and pulled his hand back. “I’m sure that the North Korean’s will be happy to pay my price for this information and you should proceed with your mourning in private. No reason to burden yourself with another omega so soon after the death of your last . . . beloved.”
Sebastian Moran always felt a surge of adrenalin as he pulled the trigger. Watching as the sudden appearance of blood and brain matter spraying outside his target made him tingle all over. A small curl to the corner of his mouth was the only outward sign of pleasure.
“No, I think it would be better if I slept out here tonight.”
“I would never want to bore you . . .”
“No, if he knew who was responsible, he would have sent the man-a-war after them. He wouldn’t try to retrieve me. He is still in the dark and we are the only one who can unravel this. We need to work together to get this done.”
“Ah, John Watson. I’m a . . .”
Sherlock looked confused for a moment and shrugged. “It was for a case.”
“Thank you.” Mycroft took the note and nodded his head. Opening the note, Mycroft found a keycard and a handwritten note.
