He started to respond to a message from Hope and Hank. After a snarky couple of compliments on his ability to attract attention, Hope suggested they get coffee the next day as she would be in New York for some meetings. Hank's messages were predictably critical. (Scott privately hoped he was right in seeing some mixed approval of his performance mixed with the commentary.)
Tony finally looked away from the horizon. He almost wanted to cry when he looked in Steve’s eyes. They returned after sunset.
They obviously didn’t quite accept that, so he tried again. “Hey, when you’re the new guy, you try to notice all this stuff.”
Steve enjoyed the challenges. The farm work was never boring, because while Bucky was whining about mucking out the stables, Steve had to work out the cryptic instructions on how he was supposed to assemble part of an irrigation system. He learned how to find traps in the crops, met every person in town on Tony’s wild goose chases, and was one of the few people allowed to interact with Dum-E. He also became the only other person Dum-E was fond of. (Tony would have yelled at Dum-E for the behavior, but it felt hypocritical.) Tony’s provocations and Steve’s clever responses became commonplace, and while many considered this to just be another example of Tony’s eccentricity and Steve’s ability to weather anything, those who knew Tony saw friendship. Even Bucky came to tolerate their battles, not only because he saw how Steve loved them, but because he came to see Tony meant no real harm.
The volunteers eventually moved on, generously distracting Scott for a good hour and a half, though after, he was unable to deceive his body into ignoring that he was wiped out, repeatedly zoning out completely. To prevent himself from falling asleep, or something equally mortifying, Scott went to hunt down Steve or Natasha for another task.
Steve walked up to the door, clear eyed and alert like only he could be in the morning, and his curiosity shifts into blatant surprise. “Tony? Why are you up so early, are you okay?”
The group eventually sat around the table, the meal devolving into a fight for food, though Wanda insisted everyone have the soup first. (“It is tradition- Sam, I see you.)
“He only tied,” Wanda pouted, but Sam piped up a moment later. “We all know that it’s rare for Natasha to get hit, so it’s still a victory for him. “
When Sam kept giving him the look, Steve threw his hands up. “It’s hard to break the habit of casing a place according to my abilities!”
James Rhodes touched down in Lagos right as Wanda had lifted the last trussed up prisoner into the local precinct’s final truck, going right away to Steve, who had paused his conversation and gestured Rhodes over. Scott took the time to covetously admire the War Machine suit from a distance.
“I was Ultron’s intended vessel, but they had an AI take over instead,” Vision explained when Scott turned to him for his own joining up story.
Tony hated Peggy. He hated her perfectly waved hair that never got unruly or greasy after a long bender, he hated her pleasant and crisp voice, he hated her clever words and sense of humor that Steve understood, he hated her courage and strength when faced with harassment and belittling, hated how easy it was for her to be kind, her clear morals and goals for societal betterment, and hated how, as much as he envied her, he really struggled to hate her at all.
Tony’s godfather returned from the army upon Howard’s death, according to Howard’s will and his duty as next of kin for Tony. The man was named Edwin Jarvis, a longtime friend of Howard’s and, while unknown to Steve and Bucky since he had been conscripted before the two came to the farm to work, he was a strong guardian for his godson. Even Rhodey had met the man only once, but had heard many stories about his endless patience, kindness, wit, and storytelling. Tony loved the man more than anyone except his Mother, and when Tony locked himself in his father’s workshop, where his father’s alcohol was, with only Dummy and his mother’s favorite knit blanket for company, Jarvis was probably the only one who’d be able to reach the young man.
Vision, who tended to go insubstantial anytime he wasn’t retrieving a ball to quickly fling or pass on, was hard to hit, but Natasha had predicted his movements, scarily enough. Steve had been carefully watching her since then, while avoiding Sam’s projectiles with enviable ease. (Natasha was frighteningly accurate, Steve had great speed, Wanda could pull off throws at any distance, and Sam was an opportunist. Vision didn’t care much for the game.)
“I remember some guys in the VA who did not have nice things to say about Ross. The word is he’s one of those officers who doesn’t care much for the enlisted guys,” Sam added.
Sam shifted uneasily at that. “Well, there is something you need to know. He’s a convicted criminal. He’s out now, but he does have a record.”
So we’ve entered the Civil War section of the fic… How exciting! I told you guys I’d update sooner this time! I hope the action was clear enough for you. I rewatched the scene on Netflix several times to try to weave Scott in without having to change every line of dialogue that happens between the other members. Thank God for online movie script archives.
“You don’t need to hear that story, because there’s nothing to tell. I’m serious Cap, don’t ask me again,” Sam groused before leaving to the sound of Steve laughing behind him.
His excitement had been too much for the still grieving Steve to handle, so their first meeting went poorly by anyone’s estimation. Tony was animated in his initial greeting, though he reigned his energy in slightly when his mother reminded him to, but Steve was silent through the introductions, overwhelmed and grim with the understanding he was alone in the world. Tony tried to rally through it, and took Steve on a tour of the farm, peppering his disinterest with the farm with colorful commentary. They had just reached the barn, where Dum-E was waiting excitedly, when Steve stopped. “Please. Please just… Stop.”
“My tech doesn’t need upgrading,” Scott defended loyally. While Hank’s refusal to take Scott’s input and ideas seriously, or his refusal to even consider that his designs could be improved upon was frustrating, Hank Pym was still the genius who allowed Scott to see his daughter again and he’d stand up for the older man.
He clung to the knowledge he had created the strongest shield the world had ever seen to protect him. (It was not a question that it was the single sturdiest shield on the planet. Tony had a very good idea of the weapons of war being used by all the countries, and very little could hurt Steve past that shield.)
“Sure...” Maggie could obviously tell something was up, but she mercifully chose not to ask more questions. He was incredibly grateful for that in this moment, and the relief increased tenfold when he heard “Honey, it’s your father,” in the background.
Scott ducked away from the crowds, hiding behind one of the busted stalls, his knees almost giving out in relief when Maggie picked up her phone. “Hi Scott, this is odd timing, I just picked up Cassie from school. They had a half day today. Are you okay?”
“Nah, I don’t have a job for you, I leave that to Cap. And thanks, I appreciate the good press. I’m calling because a little birdie tells me you had your first Avenger mission yesterday.”
Tiberius had long considered seeking out the engineer he had heard about, and after the death of the Prince’s pet weapon-smith and with his current dissatisfaction with the replacements, he knew the Prince would be interested in a talented and young recruit. (Young meant they could work a long time.) Tiberius just had to make sure he was as good as he heard before he wasted the Prince’s time. (The Prince had a vicious temper, though it wasn’t one you could easily see coming. Tiberius was wise enough to his moods to know that wasting time was a sure way to earn his displeasure.)
One of the days Steve came back from town coated in honey from a trap he didn’t expect, Maria was out front to finish balancing the books in the fresh air. She sighed, and called over the young man her son had become so captivated by, and made sure he’d come to the house after he bathed. When he did, she gave him some food, and caught up with the orphan she had grown so fond of. She apologized for her son, but before she could even offer to try to get Tony to stop, an endeavor she had been meaning to undertake for a while, even though everyone knew it was largely impossible, even for Maria, Steve assured her he enjoyed the challenges. He admitted that he had been pranking Tony back, and when Tony used Dum-E or his friend Rhodey from the town, he got Bucky to help his revenge schemes. Maria beamed when Steve admitted it was he who had rigged the sprinklers to douse Tony every time he tried to walk by. Maria knew how tricky Tony’s engineering could be, and how because usually only Howard would be able to pick apart Tony’s more determined creations, Tony had been impressed by Steve’s ingenuity. She had tried to turn a blind eye to the, now iconic, farm-wide war of mischief, but couldn’t after Tony’s attempt at retribution that would have destroyed all the pumpkins.
Tony isn’t a person who lets people see him crack. It’s even rare for Tony to show any vulnerabilities around a group he cares about as obviously as he cares about the Avengers. The fact that he’s so good at dissembling and acting, despite the years and even decades of traumas Sam knows he’s faced, bothers him. Sam muses to himself sometimes that it must be like when a mind-reader meets one of the first people his powers don’t work on. It puts you on edge, makes you nervous. Clint? Hard to read but trustworthy enough that it’s not alarming. Bruce? Not hard to read at all. Steve? Not easy to read and generally quieter about his grief, but once you get past his initial defenses, he'll be open with you. Wanda? Easy. She’s still so young it would be weird if she was more deceptive. Vision? He wasn’t trained to deal with whatever entity Vision is. Rhodey? Average difficulty, good soul. Thor? Well, Sam wasn’t sure if he’s met enough Asgardians to be able to say how easy to read the guy was. Natasha? When he first met the warrior, before he got to know Tony, Sam would’ve said she was the hardest to read. But she’s so clearly trying to change and to learn to open up that Sam will let the fact she still keeps some stuff secret go. Everyone needs secrets, and he sees her revealing as much as she does to them as the sign of trust that it is.
The next day, before Scott called Sam, he went to talk to Hank. It was probably wise to tell the scientist responsible for giving him the suit what he planned to use the tech for.
Scott’s teeth flashed in a grin. “On the contrary, he’s excited to meet you and upgrade all your tech. Apparently, gear based superpowers are something of a specialty of his.”
Steve found Tony halfway inside the crop sorter’s central control nexus, arms coated with oil and hair the unruly mess it always reached by the end of a day sent outside or at work.
Sam grinned at the obvious impatience in Scott’s tone. “Get used to it. If I look annoyingly awake, you’re going to hate how lively Cap is every morning. C’mon, get dressed. You’ve got a long day of training ahead of you! And bring your hero gear!”
Tony nodded thoughtfully, seriously considering the explanation. “Makes sense, I mean, the suit isn’t made out of iron, but they all called it that anyway. It’s actually a gold-titanium alloy,” Tony confided seriously to Scott. Scott caught himself nodding along, mind quickly analyzing that information with what he knew of the suit.
Pls take this chapter. I saw Infinity War on the opening Friday, was destroyed emotionally, and returned to this partially out of a need for a coping mechanism.
Tony was never complacent, though, and his newly realized love still spurred him on. He continued to create, continued to travel to install great inventions, and to help the people with his innovations. He was particularly proud of the many improvements he made to local orphanages, including one he knew Bucky had spent a spell at. (All free of charge, because what kind of fiend would take money from orphans?) While trying to keep the farm flourishing and himself distracted, he surpassed the boundaries of his previous inventions by far. He didn’t have a healthy work schedule even before he found out Steve loved him, but his efforts were even more chaotic after he lost his favorite non-engineering pastimes. (Listening to Steve, teaching Steve and Bucky, teasing Steve, watching Steve, pranking Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve.) If Jarvis wasn't there to drag him out of his workshop, who knows if he'd even remember to eat.
Scott shrugged. “My chemistry background is pretty solid, Hank Pym made sure of that, and my biology skills are passable? I'm no Bruce Banner, that's for sure.”
"Though... Tony Stark has already given you free use of his fleet of private jets. And we have the Quinjet."
The team turned as one to where a clock was blinking 8:30 am, and then back to Steve. He looked grim. “How long does it take the quinjet to reach Lagos?”
(and wouldn’t that take some getting used to, God, what if all the Avengers ask him to call them by their first names?!) told him stuck in his head and Scott turned to look at the ceiling, once more scanning for cameras and speakers. “Friday?”
Steve was not some stone faced, humorless stiff himself, and actually had a dry wit that only those who had suffered and persevered despite that, could develop. The two were both farm hands on the Stark property, and while both were hard workers Howard and Maria were fond of, Bucky didn’t inspire the same devotion Steve did in Howard. They also interacted with Tony quite differently.
In the present, he dozed for a long while after his customary call to Cassie, made much longer by his conversing with Maggie
Natasha seemed to have most of the group under control, so Scott looked around, missing where Crossbones was approaching Natasha but noticing the two guys just sitting inside the giant truck. He figured he’d punish them for their inactivity, climbing up the side to drop through the top, quickly engaging the enemies within. He had just unlocked the doors from the inside when he was surprised by both a grenade and Natasha tumbling in through the hole in the ceiling. The teammates stared at each other for the briefest of moments before both leaping out.
“Yeah, I got that. I just don’t know how I feel about joining on a permanent basis… Which is what you’re asking for, right?”
While dinner wrapped up and Sam teased Scott about his volunteering to do the dishes while helping him dry, Natasha meandered over to where Steve was writing down what Wanda and Vision reported from their mission. (The serpent was unusual but apparently not magically or scientifically advanced. Probably a freak mutation? Tony already sent a high-altitude drone to monitor the region’s ocean.)
I'm about to start a new year of college, so I can't promise to be super quick about updates, but I'll try!
It's hard not to be won over by compassion like that. Scott could only remember feeling accepted in his entirety so rapidly a couple of occasions before. (Mostly Luis, and then Kurt and Dave when he met them too.)
They chatted for a couple hours, dissecting Scott’s actions before, during, and just after imprisonment, as well as what the Pym’s had already hidden and what was still circulating around in conspiracies and rumors. If Scott was going to be a part of the Avengers in this climate, he had to have an answer for any potential question, whether to address how he had “reformed” or to explain the nature of his abilities without giving any actually information that could lead to the Pyms or how to make Pym particles.
Scott squinted suspiciously at the food before taking a tentative bite of his sub sandwich. When he didn’t immediately get sick, he shrugged and continued, suddenly ravenous. “Ask away.”
Once the situation was explained to them, the cops started dispersing, with a few remaining for crowd control. Natasha reappeared around that time with several men slung over her shoulders. She dropped her load at the feet of the startled police before going to meet the media and reporters now arriving to the scene.
Steve almost laughed, but schooled his face. “Thank you Scott, but it also means he isn't afraid to make a mess on the way out.”
But of course, Steve was still Steve, even across an ocean, and when a hateful dictator took power in Prussia and attacked Genosha, Steve volunteered to join their military.
Bucky almost fell in his surprise, and Jarvis pretended not to notice. “Going after him? Please try to shake some sense into him. Heaven knows, I’ve tried.”
“While I love discussing the inevitable rise of my technology to take over the world and Sam’s pitiful attempts to bond with AI, I do have a lot to do today,” Tony interrupted.
“Are those REAL explosions?!” Scott almost shrieked as loud booms resounded and smoke billowed through the gym.
Sam followed suit, also ignoring the exasperated Captain. “Well, I told him he could bring them, so I guess we’ll see.”
Clash after clash at war, and the Genoshan forces requested Steve and Bucky join a special force to destroy the battleship of Red Skull rumored to have technological parts key to new weapons for their army. Steve and Bucky succeeded in their mission, and Steve himself defeated Red Skull, before the monster killed himself.
“Give me X-ray,” Sam ordered, before smirking at Scott. “I’ll show you my tech if you show me yours.”
Jarvis bowed as propriety dictated, and when Steve seemed as if he wasn’t going to move, Jarvis gracefully straightened and addressed the irreverent man to avoid further rudeness. “Steve, why not fetch Anthony to greet our guests.”
“Tony said to do whatever it took to get him on the team, and he didn’t say the obligatory ‘within reason’ sane people usually add. Besides, you don’t actually care. “
So to say Scott was surprised when the pilot of the Iron Man suit and the subject of several M.I.T. courses walked into the kitchen in a three-piece Tom Ford suit is a bit of an understatement. He was definitely less than prepared, which is Scott’s defense for why he knocked over his glass in shock. (Thank God it was empty.)
Before Scott could press that further, because he had heard about Nick Fury while in prison, after SHIELD collapsed, and was deeply curious about the man so present in all of his hacking endeavors, Rhodes had come over with Steve, local governance seemingly mollified for now.
“Your team has also made a lot of mistakes,” Scott cautiously brought up, wary of crossing a line. He may be turning Sam down, but he really did like and respect the guy. If there was a pressing emergency he’d probably help in a heartbeat.
“I don’t know why she insists on bullying Redwing, she didn’t need to jump off him to reach the next floor of the building,” Sam groused. Natasha just smirked in her usual enigmatic way, and Wanda laughed at Sam’s ire while the Captain turned to look at one of the hidden cameras.
“So that’s what we forgot to ask Scott about,” Natasha said musingly before snagging one of the ropes left over from Rhodey’s challenge and swinging out of the way of the onslaught.
There was a light laugh on the other side of the line.  “Damn right. And I trust a man who’s never turned on his co-conspirators.”
"So that answers one of the questions I was going to ask about your powers,” Steve called out to the engineer buried in their building.
"I will be there in 20 minutes, do not leave,” Tony bit out, before he ended the call. Sam would protest at being ordered around, but he guessed the scientist in Tony was a little excited. He had figured the man had already looked into the incident, because during his own research into the event he had come across the ties between the Pyms and the Starks. Sam settled into an armchair and cheerfully waited for the billionaire.
“No, this works! What is everyone eating?” Scott looked curiously at all the boxes, noting how there were more boxes than people scattered across the table. Wanda was the one to answer. “I was going to cook you a big home-cooked meal to welcome you your first day here, but we had a mission and I didn’t want to make something early and then ruin it reheating it.” She shuddered at the thought before she continued. “So today I had Friday order our usual dinner order from our favorite Chinese takeout place, and some extra dishes you might enjoy. We all share our orders-“
“Nah, I think it’d take more crazy than that to scare him off. The dude works for Hank Pym and is friends with a guy who was thrown in jail for stealing smoothie machines. Or maybe he’s just bad at convincing crazy to stay away from him…” Sam trailed off thoughtfully.
"Yeah yeah, I know, life isn't fair and you don't want to get caught, but you've been plucking up, -ha, plucking- all of the chickens and I'll get blamed for losing them. Even though-"
don’t be ridiculous. Like the farm boy would appreciate the workshop like I do.” Tony was admittedly never difficult to prod into a fight with his father.
“-all kinds of situations designed to force people to be creative and cooperate. We want you to use your abilities in new ways.” Steve continued smoothly.
Steve acknowledged the report with a nod. “Good job, guys. We’ll all debrief over dinner or something, but I think we’ve earned a break. We’ll discuss your fight later.”
“Okay. I won’t.” Steve picked his way around the debris of machines Tony seemed to have shattered and gently leaned over to try to detangle Tony from his mother’s quilt. By some miracle, it was still in good condition, but Steve knew Tony would be furious at himself if he managed to ruin it. He gently folded it and set it out of reach of both Tony and Dummy, and brought the glass or water Jarvis had left for him to Tony.
Long after Tony had fallen asleep and Jarvis had returned, Steve reluctantly got up and left, sure Jarvis would take care of the boy and remembering how he need time to recover in private after those first waves of grief. If Tony didn’t leave the workshop soon, he’d come back to try to comfort him again.
There was a long moment as they all considered that, but Natasha cut them short. “No, there is too much information about Ant-man in the SHIELD archives dropped to the public. Some investigative reporter will find the old footage of Hank Pym in the suit, and the old military veterans who knew about SHIELD projects will have questions.”
I meant to get this out on Thanksgiving to help people distract themselves from the terror that is family dinners, but this’ll have to do.
Steve wasn’t able to contain his sigh. “Tony, I don't want to tell you what to do-. We appreciate you covering for us in Lagos, and for taking care of the team. No,
“I think I’ll get a drink refill, anyone else need one while I’m up?” When everyone chorused their refusals, Scott stretched luxuriously, getting up from his seat next to Sam on one of the couches, and wandering in the direction of the team kitchen. When he got to the door, he noticed Tony and Steve, heads bent in conversation, at the other side of the kitchen. He wasn’t sure what it was that made him do it, maybe just reflexes, but Scott silently tucked himself out of anyone’s immediate line of sight and listened. He probably should have just walked away if he thought the two wouldn’t want to be disturbed, or made his presence known so he could get his drink, but good judgement and a healthy respect for privacy were not usually the things Scott was accused of. He tuned in just in time to catch the tail end of Steve’s question.
Scott chuckled, feeling far less out-of-place than he had before the entire interaction with Tony. He turned to finish his breakfast where his Fruity Pebbles were probably terribly soggy by now.
Steve once again jumped in to ostensibly make Scott more comfortable. “But you can keep your order to yourself, if you’d like! We weren’t sure what to get but Friday said you weren’t vegan or anything. "
“I do, but usually only when they specifically request my assistance with something or have a question only I can answer,” Friday replied. “Captain Rogers does speak to me more frequently than most of the other Avengers, second only to Sir himself.”
Tony fled. Bucky called after him, but Tony was out the door in a flash. Not entirely because he was embarrassed, despite what Bucky must have assumed, but because he was suddenly overwhelmed. In reality, as Tony had been processing how much he resented someone else getting Steve’s perfect smile, and was still starting to decipher his, up till now, confusing feelings. He had this budding fear there was something much bigger behind his resentment and jealousy, because he was able to realize he was jealous, and Bucky’s inference was just the final straw that broke the camel’s back.
When he got to the massive compound that was to be his new home, Sam met him with a grin, gave him a basic tour of the training facilities, Scott’s quarters, and all the communal spaces, before expressing the team’s regrets that they couldn’t welcome him in person. He then literally grew wings and flew away. Sam was definitely a show-off at heart, but Scott had to admit he had a flair for the dramatic.
Scott took Rumlow’s roar of fury to be his next cue and climbed back out of the contraption to grow in size. “See, I told you it wouldn’t go off!”
“I don’t know if you guys know this, but the last time I did an interview I got dragged off screen by prison guards.”
“What else? Um, I guess I’m good with tech? I used to be a systems engineer and I have a degree in electrical engineering? I used to hack in my free time? Hope Van Dyne taught me some martial arts and I know how to hold my own in s street fight… I have some free-running and climbing experience?”
"You'd tell Cap, and then he'd never let me hear the end of it. Does it help that we didn't know he stole anything until just recently?"
The day Anthony Edward Stark was born, the most beautiful person on the earth was a warrior queen of Africa called Ororo. She was said to influence the weather when she fought and would charge across battlefields like a storm personified. Her beauty and might were unrivaled in the land, and many sought her hand in marriage. But Ororo chose not to wait passively for a proposal, approaching and eventually marrying another leader of great power and influence, himself beloved and well known for both his own formidable fighting style, passed down through the generations, like that of a panther, and his unshakeable love for his people. He was one of the most intelligent beings on the planets, surpassed only by his very sister, Shuri, who helped bring their kingdom to a level of greatness few civilizations could hope to reach. She revolutionized the infrastructure of their territories, inventing technologies that secured the might and prominence of their lands for centuries to come. The combined might of the leaders and the brilliance of the scientist brought a golden era to the region, and both King T’Challa the Wise and Queen Ororo the Mighty lived many splendid days together in their palace in the trees.
Tony grumbled as he hid behind his phone, but as a consequence of having a futuristic hologram contraption, Scott could see his small, but genuine, smile and knew there was no actual offense. He was then promptly mortified when his stomach growled so loudly the team broke into laughter and started taking their places around the table to start serving food.
“Why are all of my inventions insubordinate?” Tony whined, but he looked entertained more than anything. Scott was momentarily awed that Tony would spend the time keeping up with his results.
The realization that this had been a long con designed to alter the team’s expectations sunk in, and Scott felt his stomach sink. “Then where is he aiming?” Scott asked cautiously, even as he held tight to Sam’s suit as the man flew.
“You also let a scientist experiment on you in 1940s America. And you visit the Stark Industries Research and Development people to talk about their recent discoveries and how Tony is treating them. I’ll remind you, the people who work in R and D at SI are insane.” Steve had resorted to pouting mulishly at them by now, but Natasha was not moved.
Tiberius was delighted by the growth, of course, though he came by less often when the Prince insisted on him coming by more. Peggy would sometimes appear instead. She and Tony developed an easy rapport once Peggy made quite clear to Tony that she was not the sort of person who would hold being rejected against him, and Tony apologized for how jealous he had been. They grew to be true friends, with inside jokes and favorite topics. (Tony was irritated at a weak national infrastructure, Peggy with a terrible military organization, and both of them worried for their friends abroad.) She received letters too, and the duo loved to make fun of the travelers and share stories.
Scott paused momentarily in his ready-to-throw pose with the ball over his head, when realization dawned. “I can’t see past the dodgeballs when I shrink.”
“I’m fine now, I figured out it’s an electric trigger and not time based, I can disarm it,” he responded distractedly.
Rhodey cracked a grin reminiscent of the smile Tony had during their first encounter, reminding Scott that the man in front of him was the billionaire’s closest and oldest friend, if newspapers and the Avengers were to be trusted. He briefly wondered who had the expression first, but refocused on the veteran to listen to his instructions.
“Get what? This isn’t about diligence-” Steve’s frustration was evident and tinged with bafflement. “Are you running away?!”
Jarvis approved of Peter when he proved to be quick, clever and hardworking, and Tony was delighted by the teen and his big ideas. It helped to have someone to mentor to distract him from how so many of his loved ones were across the world, and Tony always reminded himself how his friends could take care of themselves.
Bucky groaned dramatically and pulled Tony into a real hug. “Oh shut up with that, you’re great. Always pretending like you aren’t being helpful. Your birthday gifts are always the best, too. Even if you’re a know-it-all, you’re a generous know-it-all.”
The friends, almost brothers, clung to each other a long time after the story ended. Bucky had been mourning for quite a while now, but had never received the comfort he desperately needed, while Tony had refused to mourn. Only Bucky, someone with just as much unshakeable faith in Steve as he, would be able to convince Tony he was gone.
It was actually remembering his experiences with the rich that gave Scott an idea for his next excuse. “I bet you haven’t even asked anyone in the team about this yet! Tony Stark can’t want a convicted thief on his property!”
Tony rubbed at his eyes again, and when he next spoke he sounded old beyond his years. “I’m never going to stop getting people killed, huh.” It wasn’t a question, and Friday seemed to know it. She was quiet. Sam wasn’t even sure Tony meant to say it out loud.
He finally turned back to face Steve fully, so Scott couldn’t see his face anymore, but his voice was a little too relaxed. “We're taking a break. It's nobody's fault.”
Rumlow snapped his head back to where Scott had appeared and gaped. Scott flinched when he saw Rumlow up close, then tried to make it seem like he hadn’t. The mask was good for hiding reactions like that, at least.
Steve looked pleasantly surprised by the sudden admission, and the smile that grew on his face reminded Scott of how beautiful the man was (objectively speaking, because Scott was NEVER going to go down that road, no way. Crushing on Captain America was not for him. Far smarter men than him have made that mistake, he was sure). Tony seemed unable to look away.
Wanda rolled her eyes fondly at Vision before explaining. “My powers allow me to propel me upwards and over distances, similar to levitation or flight.”
Sam shrugged casually. “I guess I was.” When Scott’s face contorted worryingly, Sam hurried to comfort the guy. “But that was me, and you are you. Trust me, you’re doing fine. They’ve already welcomed you in, and I like you.” Scott did look a bit comforted by that and took a deep breath to further steel himself. The thing was, Sam wasn’t just saying whatever he needed to say get him to calm down. He did genuinely like the man, and wouldn’t deny that the grateful smile sent his way made him feel good about staying around to talk to Scott privately.
“It occurred to me a couple days ago that I’ve been in love with you for longer than I can remember, and that all of the overwhelming emotions I feel around you and no one else are actually symptoms of this madness. I wake up every morning and wonder what you’re doing. I create something and want to show you before anyone else. I say anything to make you laugh or smile, I do whatever it takes to hold your attention a moment longer, I’d give anything to bring you joy, when you succeed I feel victorious, and every time you discover something new I feel as if I’ve learned it along with you. I share more and more of myself with you then I could ever share with anyone else, and I’m frankly horrified that I went this long without realizing how gone I am on you, Steve. I’d forgive you anything. God, Steve. How could I not be in love with you? I never thought I could be happy, but you are my happiness. Your humor, your wit, your kindness, your strength, your refusal to see anything but the best in someone, I just- I’m continually outdone by my love for you and I don’t know if it’ll ever stop growing. I can’t even stop myself from babbling, which isn’t new, but telling you I love you is a need I didn’t even realize I had. Looking at you, I know I won’t ever want to stop. Please say something, Steve. Tell me something about what you’re thinking. I know I’ve been horrible to you, but could you forgive me my confusion? I’m not generous, or warm, or open like you are. I’m not good at people like you are, and I can’t read your mind like I wish I could. I’m no Peggy, hell, or even Bucky. I was given hope and you know I’ll always take a mile when given an inch. Steve, I love you. What do you say?”
When Steve and Bucky left, Tony was a desolate, mopey mess for three days. Jarvis made a few attempts to get him out of the house, but Tony insisted he deserved the time to be moody. On the fourth day, he stared at himself in the mirror and firmly told himself he would work to deserve Steve.
Scott had been distracted from his train of thought though, instead calling for any local ants to come to his aid and climbing around with minimal difficulty despite the suit still being in motion.
“Damn, it’s a shame the Pym particle can only work on my whole body and not just my arm or something. I mean, I get why that is, but still. It’d be really cool. Shrinking your arm isn’t much help if you can no longer reach anything. ”
The only time Tony made a comment about Steve being unable to achieve some task he needed done in the fields based on his size, Steve went and singlehandedly plowed the field. He fell very ill from the overexertion, but Tony knew he wouldn’t challenge him that way again, though he never explicitly told Steve that he had earned Tony’s admiration. He never mocked Steve’s abilities based on his health, and instead teased him on the mistakes anyone could make, Steve’s specific quirks, or about how Steve couldn’t figure out how to take care of Dum-E. (No one could, was the thing.  Only Tony understood the donkey’s weird behaviors.) Tony further provoked him by assigning him the most bizarre, specific, confusing, or flat out nonexistent tasks on the farm. While the other hands tended the crops one summer, Steve had to hunt down the old goose, the meanest bird in the land, who had mysteriously escaped his pen. He subdued the beast with only minor injuries.
Scott chuckled. “I think I’m used to this stuff by now. Hank and Hope Pym put me through all kinds of training and tests to get me ready to use the suit. So by now I almost expect this.”
For one long, horrifying moment, when Steve’s brows furrowed in confusion and Wanda just stared at him blankly, Scott feared they wouldn’t find him funny. Considering much of his charm relied on the general affection he garners through his sense of humor, he was suddenly terrified none of them would want to befriend him. But before he could truly start to panic, Sam laughed and nudged Scott with his shoulder. “Public school, yeah? It wasn’t until training for active duty that I appreciated some of those terrible exercises. Not that any of these guys would know what P.E. class was like.”
Story Notes: Steve and Tony begin having important conversations a bit earlier in this universe. Tony is still shaken by being confronted by Miriam Sharpe, mother of Charlie Spencer, the boy who died in Sokovia, but he likes to stew about stuff before he shares.
“Basic rules, you need to get the other team’s flag back to your base, avoid getting immobilized, don’t play too dirty, and… Try to surprise us.” Steve was obviously a fan of the game himself, and even Sam and Natasha seemed unable to help their excitement.
When Anthony, by then going by Tony, turned 10, the most beautiful person in the world was a brilliant noble called Jennifer Walters. She was intelligent, compassionate, bold, and clever, and was respected by all who had the pleasure of making her acquaintance during her unusual exploits, for a noble, where she spoke out and protested the crown. One day, late in a desolate winter, Jennifer unwittingly enraged a sorcerer who coveted her beauty and craved the kind of adoration held by the public for their beautiful defender of the poor. The gorgeous woman was cursed by the vengeful magician, and curiously enough, the enchantment took the form of an unstoppable craving for spinach. Jennifer was unable to stop eating the leafy plant, ingesting it for every meal, until her very skin turned green. Yet the odd coloring did not tarnish her beauty in the slightest, and one could say she grew even lovelier. With silky hair and a glowing complexion, Jennifer only gained more fame for her curious green skin. The sorcerer was horrified to find that not only did she simply increase Jennifer’s renown, but the spell served to give her foe unmatched physical strength, which she used to help even more people in need.
Sorry I didn’t write more for the party, I had a bunch of banter and distractions everywhere else in the chapter, and considering the fact I have had the conversation between Steve and Tony written for literal months, (my beta (dontcallmeking) claims its been years since I first planned this convo,) I was anxious to get this chapter published.
The team has tentatively recovered post Ultron, with a new strength. There is certainly a noticeable loss without Thor or Bruce around, and Steve and Sam are still on the hunt for Bucky, but the group is just kinda doing their thing. I personally figure that the Avengers would be allowed to operate under incredibly lax oversight the same way Iron Man was able to, with copious Stark Industries sponsorship, but because they were originally under SHIELD, which was barely controlled by the government, they would have to  tolerate a bit of oversight. (Nick would have, of course, accounted for some eventuality as what happened when SHIELD fell.)
When Steve approached, Tony groaned, but, as usual, let Steve get away with what he was doing. “Tony-”
An exception was made on Saturday mornings, since he was the only good cook who’d be awake enough to feed everyone, and man, were his blueberry pancakes magical.
Scott nodded sharply before he shrunk down and clambered through the various protective layers of the simulation’s central server.
Just then, Wanda caught up to them, promptly adding her powers to holding Crossbones down. “I have him Captain, you can let go. You guys all okay?”
Hope punched his shoulder, and Scott winced. “Ow, Hope, wait, it's because I'm worried about them! You’re my only friend who knows them both!”
Tiberius faltered, surprised by the redirect to a peasant. “Er, the farming techniques of the workers? Yes, I suppose that would be pertinent… to melons.”
“I still can’t believe this sport spread from the colleges to the elementary schools,” Steve muttered even as he flung a ball terrifyingly fast at Wanda. The ball made a satisfying smack as it hit Wanda square in the face, as she had been distracted in her feeding Natasha ammunition.
“So you’ll forgive me if I put myself in danger as an Avenger? ” Scott had to ask. When he started seriously considering accepting the offer, he had been terrified that it was because he had loved being Ant-Man. The adrenaline alone was addicting, and being an Avenger guaranteed excitement and adventure. But if Cassie also thought it was the right thing to do? Maybe Scott could be selfish, but she almost never was.
Steve had been so overwhelmed by the travel and the bright boy talking as if his world hadn’t fallen apart, that he reacted poorly to the attempt at friendship. He needed the time to recover, without being reminded that life goes on, with or without loved ones.
“Yeah, and from what I can tell, he did what he did with good motives. Maybe less than stellar methods, but I respect why he did it. Sometimes what’s right isn’t what’s legal,” Steve firmly stated, and Sam couldn’t help his smile. The guy really did make you want to applaud and follow him into battle when he talked like that.
Scott didn’t startle when a voice came out of the walls, but it was a close thing. “I sincerely doubt Mr. Lang requires me to introduce myself again, nor do I think ‘hi’ to be a suitable form of introduction. But I will say that, Mr. Lang, it is a pleasure to formally meet you.”
Oh, and definitely go see Spiderman Homecoming, for it revived my spirit and provided plenty of ideas for later chapters! Not to mention that I have a secret weakness for Superfamily Stony things, so. Hope springs eternal.
They had hardly sat down, Hope deigning to let Scott give her a hug as they waited in line to be seated, before she leaned forward and pinned him with a stare.
So when he happened upon Tony in the living room, he wasn’t planning on snooping. He was just going to propose a new idea for Redwing (Sam was sick of Tasha gleefully shocking Redwing out of the sky during practice fights, and wanted to see if he could get some electricity of his own. Maybe Tony could install EMP pulses, or give Redwing shocks like Black Widow uses!) when he saw Tony bent over one of those holographic tablets he was so fond of. Sam guessed he wasn’t working in the workshop because he had come up for food or caffeine and gotten distracted. The billionaire was muttering under his breath so he didn’t hear the fellow flier’s approach, and Sam was able to catch what he was saying when he got in range to see what the genius was working on. He clearly hadn’t slept for a while, and his ramblings were the clear product of exhaustion, insomnia and a total lack of awareness for his surroundings.
There was quiet on the line before everyone, (except Steve who was understandably trying to avoid getting his face pounded in,) said as one, “What?”
Only when he stopped, breathless and terrified, did he let himself look at Steve’s face. He felt his heart plummet past his feet at the blatant shock he saw.
The gym was completely silent, and Scott tried a disaffected shrug that didn’t quite achieve casual. “I guess I also almost died a lot while fighting Cross.”
Tony crooked an eyebrow, amused by her almost against his will, and incorrectly assuming all of her interest was on Steve. (But of course, his mind didn’t register it as Steve being every attractive, nor did he fully investigate how his mind couldn’t comprehend not being intrigued by the man.) “I must admit I cannot take all the credit. Steve here is one of our longest working farmhands, and is a superb worker. Why not ask him to show us?”
"It won't be the same if you don't train and work with us, especially because our work together helps so much in the field. I mean, not everyone gets to train with two of the best fighters in the history of the planet. That's Captain America and Black Widow, to clarify. But I understand if you don't want to join us at the compound," Sam sighed.
Jarvis pretended to be busy with the stove, and his tone was deceptively light. “You can tell him. I have it on good authority that you’re quite lovable.”
He had started to cry, tears silently streaming down his face as he spoke, and when Steve pulled him in for a hug, he broke down into wracking sobs.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, all of instincts disquieted by the happening, but wisely set off without a word when he caught Jarvis’s eye. The man could be terrifying and everyone on the farm learned how he tamed two generations of Starks and survived many conquests. (He was also famous for holding grudges and could smile with such false civility it could turn your blood cold. Though his temper was not unreasonable or prone to injustice.)
After another long look, Sam decided he’d let it go for now and returned his gaze to the screen. “Nah, Wanda tried teaching Vision but he lost interest.” Wanda turned at the mention of her name.
When he woke, Bucky croaked out Tony’s name and pulled his chair closer. Tony tried to shape the words to apologize for… for a lot of things.  Maybe for not making him a shield too, for not going with them, for how he reacted- but Bucky stopped him.
Since then, Tony would do odd jobs for the village, making the tiny town famous among their considerably larger neighbors, and gathering undue attention. His more elaborate installations would gather a crowd, and became a sort of recurring festival. When Tony finished a new improvement, the townspeople brought food and games.
Tiberius shook himself, reminded that he had a goal today. “Ah yes, we are here because many have heard of the great success of your… melon harvests, and we wish to learn how you have produced such incredible fruit.”
"It's also bulletproof, which means private security... which means more guns, which means more headaches for somebody. Probably us,” Natasha said sardonically.
The man stuck a hand out, shaking Scott’s firmly. “Happy Hogan. Head of security for Stark Industries, and Avengers liaison.”
“Absolutely not! Are you crazy? Living in a building where that madman could get his hands on my discoveries at any time? No, I cannot support this.”
When no more information was incoming, Natasha nodded. “You did well. You definitely missed plenty of information, but that was one of the best first attempts we’ve had. You got only a couple details wrong. Nice job changing the conversation with subject 4 to a topic you’re so familiar with. Why didn’t you speculate on motivations or personal history for any of these subjects, like you tried to do the last two times?”
“How do I hurt more than I did after Lagos?” Scott moaned into his room’s couch where Sam had ungracefully deposited him.
“Leaving me for some other land with inferior tech? See if I don’t take up with all the locals while you’re gone,” Tony threatened unconvincingly.
It is said that some moments defy explanation. Occurrences the world shifts to better accommodate, points in time so notable and existence changing that the effects ripple through to touch multiple universes. In the history of the world, there have been six of these indefinable singularities, so powerful and moving that this universe, and many others, shook with it. This kiss put them all to shame.
“I’m afraid he likely did. He already told me to note your eating habits and update the grocery list accordingly. Is there a reason you’d not want him to see your choice in breakfast foods?” Friday at least had the grace to sound apologetic, despite failing to see how mortifying the situation was.
Then after a whirlwind of a week spent packing, organizing and hashing out all the details with Sam, Hank, and one memorable conversation with Tony Stark’s AI Friday, it was time to move-in.
Tony scowled, but a few weeks later, Tony ran into Steve outside the barn, and had Steve bring him Dum – E’s saddlebag to his workshop. Very few were allowed in, but Dum – E, Rhodey, his mom, and Steve all earned rare invitations. When Steve apprehensively arrived, Tony started into his usual chatter and informed Steve he may as well stay because this invention required heavy lifting and Steve could be useful. (Rhodey was working on getting Tony to be honest about his feelings, but it was an uphill battle.) A couple hours in, Steve was still engrossed and awed by everything Tony was chattering about. When Tony figured out what wasn’t working properly in his current project, he asked Steve to note the error for him on the parchment out of his reach. The boy flushed, and Tony’s conversation with his mom suddenly resurfaced in his memories. When Steve offers to just bring it over instead, Tony cuts him off. “You can’t write, can you?”
“I know you can, but Tony can be stubborn. Are you sure?” Sam knew he meant well, but damn if it wasn’t still a little annoying. The two have been weird around each other since Ultron, especially since Tony hasn’t been around as much.
Scott exhaled properly for the first time since he asked the question. It made it easier to joke. “Any tips on enforcing bedtimes?”
Dinner finished and the remains tidied up, Scott made to return to his rooms. He halted when Vision smooth voice quietly addressed him.
“Yeah, yeah, Cap, I’m on it. So most of these squatters lack a real scientific background, unless they themselves were the science, so I tried to cram some general info into their heads a while back. Basic computer science, bomb handling, some mechanical engineering and the gist of how their gear works, what a villain’s evil death beam probably does, all that stuff. Actually, quick question, I know you’re already an engineer, but how’s your chemistry and biology?”
The party had long since mellowed out, the people who had been drinking pleasantly buzzed or already starting to sober up. Wanda’s food and the various melting pints of ice cream and baked goods had been devoured. Happy had eventually reappeared after some errands, but still ended up retiring early, too tipsy to enjoy himself after foolishly asking for a rematch in the form of a drink off with Natasha. (Scott privately thought that anyone who had already faced Natasha in one way or the other probably shouldn’t try again, and everyone’s ribbing mixed in with their warnings seemed to indicate they felt similarly.) Rhodey, Natasha, Wanda, Vision, Sam and Scott were scattered around the couches for video games, as the group had to stop playing cards after Natasha threatened to stab Tony during Uno. The billionaire wisely fled, and it was decided the group as a whole was too competitive for card and board games. Steve insisted they didn’t get as feisty when playing video games, but Scott was privately doubtful, watching how Sam and Wanda yelled during their match.
“No, that was my friends at home and my paranoia born from life experience. Dave has signed awful contracts on accident, Luis and I went through several prison initiations, and really, Kurt’s stories about cults and Russia are terrifying,” Scott explained.
“Yeah, he’s being interviewed by the Senate this week. What exactly did you hear about him?” Sam asked as Steve gestured Scott to join them around the TV.
Scott laughed, comfortable in this warm atmosphere, before remembering the weird exchange he witnessed a few minutes earlier.
Late in his teens, Steve hit enough of a growth spurt that he was taller than Tony and Bucky, much to both of their chagrin, and he was certainly less likely to pass out in the fields. Defending anyone who was wronged made him a savvy fighter, and while he was still uncomfortable in himself and lanky, it was generally agreed to by the people who talked about this sort of thing that Steve could still grow into his limbs. But his heart was maybe the most appealing thing of all, and was obvious to all who met him. He was courageous generous, and had the uncanny ability to bring the best out of the people he met. Many would argue Steve could still go up the rankings, and had clear potential beyond how naturally handsome he was. His pale hair and bright blue eyes were quite rare, and he had strong features, from sharp cheekbones to a lovely jawline. He was far less sickly then he had been, and how hard he worked every day was obvious in his lean physique.
Sam opened his mouth, probably to say ‘of course,’ but he paused to consider the question seriously. “Actually, I don’t think so. Tasha, does Tony ever call Steve by his first name?”
Tony staggered to a seat and sat down heavily. “Holy shit, Wilson. if you met him when he was robbing me... He needed one of my inventions for the fight.”
“Thank you… for letting Scott join us and putting him up. He’s already saved lives today,” Steve said seriously. (The newbie figured the pride he felt when he heard that was definitely understandable and well-founded.)
Sam and Wanda had just finished taking care of the opponents outside, and were looking around curiously at where all the ‘explosions’ had stopped going off. Scott grew directly next to them, startling them both.
And well. The Parkers were quite taken with Tony, and by the generous salary Peter would earn. Tony was nearly impossible to stop when he had an idea, and Peter quickly learned it was best to go along with the schemes. He came to the farm a few days after Tony met him, and when Jarvis showed him the farmhouse, he was briefly stunned at how quick everything changed.
This is a whole ass fix-it fic now. Quick notes: Hope/Scott isn’t endgame, Luis, Dave and Kurt are important parts of Scott’s lives and I will take all the liberties I want with them, Cassie is precious beyond belief and I would die for her, Hope and Hank will plot to find Janet, though probably without the running from the police bit, Scott is much beloved by his team and just wants everyone to get along.
“We’re controlled by the government?” Scott probably should have asked that ages ago, or have been more clearly told that, because he was definitely making a break for it if the man was about to start calling his shots.
Steve cut in before Scott could respond. “Wanda go regroup with Scott, I don’t need the backup.” Scott could’ve sworn he felt Rumlow’s angry snarl when he heard Steve say that, and braced himself for the fight to intensify.
Luis was tearful when he gave Scott his hug, Kurt gave him a solemn pat on the shoulder and a bizarre, Russian non-sequitur, and Drew tried a final time to wheedle directions to the compound out of Scott.
Before Scott could even formulate an apology, Natasha interjected, “As if Vision ever uses his own day. Wanda basically has two days of the week to decide what we eat.” The last part was directed at Scott, amusement clear in her voice.
Despite the fact that it was actually his tower and home long before the Avengers moved in, it turned out Sam was right. Scott hadn’t seen a hair of the famous billionaire since he joined the team. Well, it wasn’t really like he joined. It would be more apt to say coerced, blackmailed, seduced or even bribed into the team before saying he was “invited” to join. The whole situation from the beginning had been confusing and more than a little alarming. Even when basically saving the world with Hope and Hank, Scott had never imagined joining the Avengers and going public with his acts of heroism. Being recognized for his good (though vigilante) deeds usually didn’t end well for him. (Even the judge for his case was unhappy about sending Scott to prison. VistaCorp was a shitty company and everyone knew it.) That alone made Scott wary of Sam’s intentions when the flier called him up with an invitation. The memories of how his coming here came to pass flashed through his head, starting with the fateful call from two weeks ago.
“This reminds me of some TV show where people fall off logs while trying to finish a course as fast as possible,” Scott commented absently while sizing up his next obstacle.
Yet he was still surprised when the next Sunday Tony appeared at Steve and Bucky’s cabin, flinging open the door and yelling at them for missing their lessons. (Words like “lazy bums” and “troglodyte” were thrown about.) The two had been caught up in their sadness, made more potent with the memories of their years with Maria, and Bucky started to reply with indignation that they couldn’t be late because their lessons couldn’t go on without Maria, but he awkwardly trailed off when Tony fixed him with a solemn stare. “I couldn’t let her down by not continuing your education. She loved teaching you.”
When Vision made to phase through the wall, Natasha stopped him with a hand. “Wait, if this is a diversion, we should have a few heroes in the country. Tony and Rhodey are both in state, but maybe Vision should stay too.”
“Also…” Here he paused. Sam waited patiently, pretty sure of what Steve was about to say. “You should make sure that Tony is aware we’d have a new member to fund and shelter here.”
Steve leaned back and turned to regard him seriously, one eyebrow raised with undisguised interest. “I trust your judgment, but I’d still ask you for his qualifications and resume.”
Sam made a face at Natasha, who smiled prettily at him with an air of innocence no one who knew her would buy.
The Avengers are reassembling, issues and all, to greet their new teammate, and Scott's gonna have to meet them head on. Well, that was his plan, at least. Being the new guy always sucks, but at least Friday seems nice!
Steve blushed red, and looked thoroughly conflicted. He politely refused, thanked her for the food, and left before she could ask again. She blinked in confusion, but brushed it off until it occurred to her to ask Tony about it at dinner. When asked, Tony made some remark about how Steve must just hate numbers, but Maria hummed noncommittally. (She couldn’t help but be relieved Howard was away for this discussion.) “He seemed uncomfortable at the offer. I know you pretend to not stand him, but maybe ask him about it, Tony.”
Tony had absorbed much of the history needed to understand the shifting world order from his lessons with Maria, Howard’s rants, Rhodey’s letters, Jarvis’s stories, and now Steve’s letters. Steve joining a military for a country he had only just set foot upon was really not near shocking. Bucky joining with Steve was also to be expected. They both had strong feelings about what was right and wrong, anyways.
“Oh, I know you after all. We were told you might show up one day, but I honestly didn’t expect Pym to let you work with the Avengers.” He laughed, the noise like broken glass. “You have a little daughter, right?”
me for being there for the team, god. I thought I was an Avenger, of course I’m going to do whatever needs to be done-“
“And the pirate?” When they all turned to stare at him as one, Scott realized with growing horror that he forgot that that was a joking nickname for the international terrorist. “I mean, what’s going to happen to, um, what was his name again, um, Rumlaw?”
Tony let out a muttered curse, and rubbed his eyes, weary. “And it’s Tuesday today. Yeah, tell her I’ll get to it tonight. I need to work on the new compound right now.” His voice gained strength as he focused back in on the data lighting up around him.
"Steve, mostly. Natasha made a lovely Russian dish she knew was also traditional in Sokovia." Wanda waved a pepper shaker over the pot with her magic as she responded.
Sam shrugged with an indifference he didn’t feel, and both turned back to Steve when he continued thinking out loud.
Steve grinned cheekily. “You ever going to tell me about that ‘friendly sparring session’ that left you so impressed by this guy?”
Hope took pity on him and answered his inevitable next questions. “We aren't friends, but we are familiar. I was much younger than him when our families were on speaking terms. I probably know Potts better that Stark these days, considering who's in charge. Why?”
He had just reached a data entry point when he heard the sounds of a battle start outside. Scott just cracked his knuckles and went to work.
A plan had just formed in his mind when Scott realized, with growing horror, that Steve had taken his eyes off of Natasha to tag Wanda when she dropped her guard. Natasha noticed. He knew he wouldn’t reach Steve in time to take the hit for him, so he figured he could follow his hunch and hide behind a ball while Natasha wasn’t looking. He chose one with another ball directly next to it, according to plan. He heard the smack and knew Steve had been hit.
Scott managed to wring out a smile despite his apprehension, and escaped shortly after, leaving the two to their peaceful canoodling.
"I did say that, and I meant that! And you're invited to visit me whenever you want," Scott insisted.
“While we’re talking about your phone- I really should have thought about the phone thing before now- expect a unknown phone number to call you later. Friday can automatically screen your calls and let you know when the unknown number calling your phone is cleared,” Tony added.
“This is ridiculous, he has a high-tech suit and an A.I. to help him in the field!” Scott snarled, even as he was quickly unraveling wires and reading through the complex source code. Hacking was really not a process that should be rushed.
He didn’t have to wait long, as Tony made it to the compound in 15 minutes flat. He didn’t bothering asking how Tony knew where he was and simply grinned as the man released the armor and made his way to Sam.
Cassie about his first mission out, and only dragged himself awake when Luis had called for the fourth time. Kurt and Dave preferred to leave an absurd number of texts. Scott actually wasn’t sure if he had Kurt and Dave correctly labelled in his phone, because they texted on each other's phone so frequently. Just when he was positive the person texting him was Dave, they would make some reference to Russia. After an extended and super excitable talk with the three of them on speakerphone, the three concluding Scott was incredibly cool, even more than when he was just a master burglar, Scott hung up with a smile on his face.
Tony glared at Natasha and responded to Sam. “No, I hate golf. That’s just the stock phrase for attending events where rich people rub elbows with politicians.”
“Yes, tomorrow’s try-outs will be interesting,” Sam solemnly informed him while Natasha came perilously close to leering. Scott looked to Steve to make what Sam was saying less alarming again, but Steve just gave him an encouraging smile.
Steve just gave him a look, and Sam correctly interpreted as a request for more context. “He hacked and stole VistaCorp accounts in order to return the funds to the rightful owners.”
With all the information and instructions they were given, the time it took to get to Lagos passed pretty quickly.
“A better one. I want to make sure you come back in one piece, and this shield is made of pure vibranium. I don’t think anything could get through it, even with your penchant for breaking things,” Tony teased, but his eyes betrayed his nervousness. He didn’t quite manage to stop himself from asking. “Do you like it?”
“For the last time, I love you guys, and I trust you, but I don’t trust you not to accidentally spill the location. Some rookie super villain attacking their base of operations because I let slip where it was wouldn't exactly endear me to my new team,” Scott stared them each down in turn as he said this and Luis nodded understandingly through the tears, while Drew sulkily accepted his words. Kurt though, just looked puzzled and asked “endear? What do deer have to do with this?”
There was another one of those weighted pauses. “The bomb is in his suit?” Natasha spoke up, a bit out of breath, probably still running.
“Watch how the Stark Industries stocks fluctuate depending on Avengers missions, and you'll understand,” Hope explained. “They all face a lot of questions.”
Tony slammed a wrench on the table and Dummy skittered away. “Well, she’s either giving him false hope or planning to take him away from m- us.”
Steve’s faced was redder than he had ever seen, and Tony could tell he was about to bolt. Feeling abruptly like as ass, Tony doesn’t even think before speaking. “We’ll teach you.”
Scott found himself waking up on his fourth day in the Avenger’s compound to the sound of knocking at his door.
“Give your daughter a call,” Sam interrupted him, though not unkindly, and clapped him on the shoulder, inclining his head to indicate a quieter area for him to wait. He smiled and went to fly off when Scott nodded tentatively.
Jarvis’s smile was pained to those who knew him, and Tony started preparing for the inevitable lecture later. “Yes, this is Anthony Stark.”
Scott stared at her for a long time, smile frozen in his fear. Wanda patted him sympathetically. “She’s messing with you.” Scott looked at the younger fighter with obvious relief.
Scott imitated the seriousness of her delivery. “That is all very true. So I can help people and have someone to help me.”
Scott laughed, half out of relief and half out of the sheer shock of imagining the intimidating fighters eating children’s cereal. "Thanks, Friday."
When Scott waited for more clarification, Clint sighed when truly trying not to laugh. “Man, you pick things up quick. Tony called, though it may have been Sam’s idea originally, seems like his MO from what I hear. Anyways, I’m calling because I relate best to the… stress your situation can bring and might be able to give you some advice.” Clint waited as that sunk in for Scott.
Around one, Scott wandered into the kitchen where Wanda was reading and Vision was watching the TV through the door to the living room, volume playing low.
Scott swallowed and halted, mildly uncomfortable. “I’m not sure.” When Vision showed no inclination to ask Scott to clarify but obviously expected more, Scott continued haltingly. “There’s... This regulator on the suit? And if you turn it off… You risk shrinking so small that reality as you know it... ceases to exist for you. I turned it off when fighting Darren Cross and… I don’t think I almost died, but at the same time it was like I stopped being aware of my life.”
She blinked, caught off guard. “Oh. Wow. Okay then. Um…” She floundered for words, unusually lost for what to say, and finally settled on, “The actual Avengers?”
Scott fidgeted with his mug, not positive how much he could say was definite. “Hank compensated me well, you know that, and working for the team will hardly decrease what I make. I’ll actually earn more, and have all the same, if not improved, benefits. I will have to go on more missions, which is a given, but I get a place in the Avengers compound to live, and time off when I need it and there isn’t a world-ending emergency. Apparently, those get priority.”
Sam’s eyes widened at the videos playing on the holograph. He was watching footage from the fight with Ultron.
“That’s disappointing, but we can discuss that later. Your first test today will help you warm up. Natasha?”
He cleared his throat awkwardly, catching the attention of enough Avengers that the rest caught the hint to quiet down quick.
Gone, the defender of the meek. Gone, the man with endless love in his heart. Gone, the orphan boy who wore his heart on his sleeve. His protector. His friend. His rival. The one who pushed him to be better, but loved him anyways when he wasn’t. Steve.
The team all around made various dissenting noises, and ignored Sam playfully raising a hand before lowering it and laughing at Scott’s horrified expression. The team was clearly in agreement.
“I may have found a bomb, but I don’t think it’s a problem,” Scott explained, keeping his voice measured so as not to stress out the rest of the group.
“They're pretty great, Hope, if you want me to introduce you?’He didn’t need to explain the implications of the introduction. Hope had always been better with the ants, and he and Hope both knew she would be an asset to any fighting team.
don’t get in the way of them!” Sam was wheeling around perilously above Scott, while Wanda stayed close on Scott’s heels. The two of them were Scott’s only backup on his test because Natasha had experience with the sim, Steve wanted to observe the session with Tony, and not even Vision would argue his abilities bordered on cheating at times.
Scott had so many questions he couldn't think of a single one. “Yeah, I do. But where do I even begin?”
Rhodey’s challenge turned out to be both blessedly straightforward and completely exhausting. “I guess this test is typical of a military man, with their love of these courses,” Scott called out from his tenuous place clutching the bars on the ceiling. Turned out the climbing course from the other gym had more components that were usually hidden when not in use. He had scaled a rock-climbing wall, climbed ropes (Sam had laughed when Scott pointed at the rope that dropped from the ceiling and smugly informed him he “totally called it,”), dodged projectiles, gone across the rafters, and had generally scaled a number of other intimidating barriers once already while in the suit, and was currently trying it without the suit.
“You have a high tech suit too,” Sam answered unhelpfully over the comms as he and Wanda fought some sort of goon squad.
Wanda slunk to the space now vacated with the billionaire’s absence, gracefully using her powers to start the machine while she watched the conflict ensue.
Sam didn’t even know where to begin on the wrongness of that statement and when he turned to give Natasha his most skeptical look, he found her with a similar expression of disbelief. The two turned as one to share their bafflement with Steve, but he had already sunk into his signature Tony Sulk
Stark froze and slowly turned to Sam, mouth hanging open, hands frozen mid-agitated gesture, once again struck speechless. Sam would feel bad if he wasn’t so smug.
In response the A.I. played back Tony’s earlier statement. “Feel free to try to get through the server’s defenses again, I want to see how well you do this time.”
“Of course she is! It just doesn’t seem like… she likes to be here much,” Steve grappled with his words before he finished somewhat lamely.
“Please feel free,” the AI returned calmly. Scott caught himself looking back to Tony Stark with awe, and the billionaire met his eyes cheerfully, obviously satisfied with the whole situation.
Just then Wanda lumbered into the room, her usual oversized sweater over leggings. She yawned while she waved at the group assembled around the table. “You’re up earlier than usual,” Vision commented to Wanda, who pat his shoulder absently as she passed towards the teapot. “Dream woke me up.” Vision looked like he wanted to ask more questions, but was distracted by Sam laughing at some reference Natasha made to the previous night.
“As if you won’t be the one leading your technology,” Steve said with a small smile. Scott almost held his breath, wondering if he was imagining how cautious Steve sounded, and if Tony was ready to joke with the other man yet.
The support of his family bolstering his steps, Tony strode to Steve’s house on the edge of the field and knocked loudly. Between the first knock and the last, it occurred to Tony that he hadn’t really slept, probably looked as nervous as he felt, and hadn’t brushed his hair in days.
Tony stared at him a long time, and Steve observed with fascination how sharp his gaze was through the stupor. Satisfied Steve wasn’t pitying him or disgusted, he drank the water and let Steve catch the glass to keep it from breaking.
“Me and Pepper, yeah,” Tony agreed absently, deep in thought. “If you like the guy, I don’t know why I’d refuse him. In fact, I can’t come up with a reason not to have another hero around.”
A few days after Steve had managed to talk to Tony, the young man returned to the fields like nothing had happened. The staff gave Tony their condolences in the only way he would accept: quietly. Tony received gentle contact in the form of hands on his shoulders or one-armed hugs, and heard warm words about how they were all happy to see him.
Steve’s challenge was another of the refreshingly straightforward ones. Scott was going to fight one of the training bots, which flew out from another of those hidden compartments. (All these nooks and crannies made Scott itch to explore.) He’d have three bouts against the robot.
“Cap, you don’t have some sort of monopoly on talking to Tony about important things like this. Or a monopoly on arguing with him. I really don’t think he’ll have a problem with it if you say it’s okay,” Sam said pointedly.
“My exercise will test your concentration. You’ll be given several targets to observe, and have to keep up with them and notice all their changes.”
Another 20 minutes, and Hope was getting ready to leave, apparently to prep for a meeting with an important business she hoped to take over. Before they parted ways, a thought occurred to Scott.
Sam chuckled. “He really is. Smart fighter, too. I made up a file for him that I sent to your inbox for you to look over.”
When Peggy hadn’t received letters either and appeared with dead eyes and news of a series of vicious battles in the mountains and at sea, Tony thought about the times they had gone to the coast and Steve swam like a fish.
Also, they were very intimate. All the time. Jarvis banned them from the house after finding them kissing against the dining table, and Bucky would show up and kick them out of his house with Steve, so they spent more time in the workshop or Tony’s room. Tony mapped every line of Steve’s body with fingers and tongue, and Steve got drunk on learning all of Tony’s reactions. Work still had to be done, and the world would try to get in the way, but the two’s motley family was so relieved that they had gotten their heads’ out of their asses that they picked up the slack and let them escape their work early. Steve and Tony were insatiable, years of love and longing boosted with reminders of a coming departure.
He worked himself to a bone until the first letter arrived. (Jarvis was thoroughly relieved that it seemed Steve wrote a letter the instant he had the opportunity to.)
On another continent, there was a woman known only as Elektra to the masses, who kept to the shadows in her quest to rid her hometown of criminals. Despite her many conquests taking place in the dark of night, any could see she possessed beauty rarely seen in humans.
How could he not have realized? How could he have been so blind? He had desperately wished for Steve’s affection for years while simultaneously pushing him away, blind to his own yearning. Rhodey had even tried to tell him, but he had ignored it. For years- YEARS! He had been gravitating around Steve like the sun. Steve was who he thought of when he woke up, Steve was who he wanted with him forever, and Steve was the only person who could make him flustered.
Scott mulled this over. “What if we say… I made the suit after the SHIELD files dropped? That I was inspired by the footage. And we could also circulate rumors it's a superpower?”
Hiring the perfect person turned out to be a challenge. They were plenty of wholly competent choices, sure, but none of them measured up to Steve in Tony's eyes, which really doomed any chance of him finding someone normally.
He bounced on the balls of his feet before feeling himself being picked up. Scott doubted he’d get used to the feeling of being lifted and flung anytime soon. The air travel got him to Natasha quickly though, that’s for sure.
“That’s the end of Natasha’s trial. You can ask for more of our thoughts on all of these tests later, but for now we’re going to move on. Rhodey is currently doing something covert and important, but he requested we make his apologies and wish you the best of luck on the obstacle course,” Steve pleasantly explained.
Scott felt himself smile as Steve tousled Wanda’s hair affectionately and the group milled around, waiting for Rhodey to help facilitate cleanup. “I think so.”
Natasha punched him in the shoulder. “Come on, battering ram, let’s go spar. Feel free to join us, Scott.”
Sam’s spirits lifted at the text from Tony, and when he checked his email, he found a message from Steve, who was more than pleased about what he read in Scott’s file. The hero brushed off thinking about what still needed to be done in favor of celebrating for a bit. After all, he succeeded in phase one. Next he had to convince Scott that he wanted to be an Avenger as badly as they wanted him to be an Avenger.
“Oh Tony, I know she was proud of you,” Steve cut into the broken ramblings. “She talked about you all the time with so much gladness, and she bragged to everyone about you. And I know you made her smile because I’ve seen it. She loves you.”
Steve nodded. “All I’ll say is that you shouldn’t worry about holding back on learning robots. Start the fight!”
America was not willing to break their current peace with Prussia, as the administration that took over the country seemed to have its own plans beyond starting a prolonged conflict with America. In fact, the Third Reich of Prussia had a branch of their government simply called Hydra, and it was this group that set the military’s focus on Genosha. The nation state was famous for its abnormally high rate of children born with magical abilities, and Hydra was obsessed with power.
“She looked confused but not angry, and was vaguely concerned. But when she called again, she resumed the conversation, so it must have been a temporary problem. When she was distracted by her phone, she almost stepped on someone’s dog. Subject 3 was watching a man in the square intently, eventually slipping through the crowd until she purposefully bumped into him while making it look like an accident. She stole his watch and phone, while simultaneously ingratiating herself to him by helping him gather his belongings. After the encounter, she avoided the local police, petted the dog subject 2 almost stepped on, and made her way into one of the stores.”
“Thank you, Friday,” Scott said, and Friday responded cheerfully. “My pleasure. The boss set up a permanent algorithm to watch out for and stop any investigation into your past and family.”
The engineer almost threw Dum-E at Steve when he tried to be gracious again, using the donkey’s endless affection as a distraction to escape Steve’s overwhelming gratitude for what Tony knew he should have thought of earlier.
When he awoke, Bucky was asleep in the chair next to his bed. Tony absently noted how much weight Bucky had lost, how long his hair had gotten, how relieved he was that his friend had come home, and how making him a new arm would be an interesting challenge.
Just then the group came upon the newest addition to the team. He was half inside the wall, apparently deep at work deconstructing or constructing something, (it was honestly impossible to tell) and surrounded by tools and the remains of what was probably the main compound server.
“Well, it's good you know Ms. Potts as well,” Hope smirked at the formality, but Scott hadn't yet met her and felt awkward enough as it is. “Since I was wondering how long they’ve been dating.”
(One memorable exchange entailed when Tony had popped in for dinner and Steve had insisted on cooking a vegan meal to prove a point.
While Steve was getting ready to jump in, royals or no royals, he was taken aback by the direct address, and surprised by the lilting accent of the northern colonies in her voice. “No, not at all. Milady.”
“Then why don’t we go see some of these famed inventions!” Tiberius eagerly latched on to the subject.
he would want you to be happy.” Bucky tried to back Rhodey up, but was predictably disappointed by the response.
“God, if I wasn’t such an idiot we could have been doing this ages ago,” Tony breathed, greedily pressing kisses against all the exposed skin he could find.
“I love it when all the recruits turn out to be assholes. Don’t let anyone try and tell you they’re not.”
The Russian turned away from the screen (where her character had somehow managed to pin Rhodey’s) and tilted her head slightly in thought. “No, almost never. Mostly it’s ‘Cap’.”
They had just gotten assembled, when Steve stopped Tony before he could tell Friday to snap a picture. “Tony? Why haven’t you gotten in this picture yet?”
The kitchen was silent as the two stared each other down, until Maggie, surprisingly, looked away first. “Do what you need to do, and know that Cassie and I will support you, whatever your decision is.”
Friday processed this before responding. “If I may, Scott, I would like to remind you that this cereal was already in the building, and is a permanent item on the grocery list.”
Scott gasped. “That’s so great, oh my god! You know I want to still help, right? Let me know at any time, when do we start?”
Because his life wasn't quite normal, Tony ended up discovering his new recruit on accident. He was visiting a town where he installed a particularly complicated clock into the tower that needed his specific skills to fix. He had just gotten back to the stables when he heard the distinct sound of a spring releasing and then a bird squawking. He searched for the source of the sound and found a teenager with a, seemingly homemade, catapult and some netting. As the boy busied himself with retrieving the bird he caught, Tony investigated the contraption, pleased by the ingenuity in it. It was a very efficient and shockingly small catapult, and from how far away the bird was, he had rigged it to fire off weighted nets.
When the gym lit up at Steve’s command in brilliant blue and gold, Scott realized he was wrong to assume the gym didn’t have holograms.
Anyways! Sorry for the delay and the short length, but I just wanted to write something and publish it to feel like I made progress. Beta’d by dontcallmeking as usual. Merci!
Steve understood why Jarvis had been keeping people away when Tony blearily lifted his head and croaked out, “Steve?” He was obviously toasted, and Steve felt his heart break. No one could ever be ready for death, and Tony had lost both his parents abruptly. Steve could understand the complicated emotions of grief though, and what it was like to mourn both the person who loved and raised you, and the parent who wasn’t ever good to you. (Steve had few memories of his Father, but he remembered his Mom crying and his Father screaming.)
And just like that, Scott was bolting awake and barely squashing the instinct to groan when all his muscles protested at the sudden movement. “Clint Barton? As in Hawkeye? Oh man, I’m a big fan! Why are you calling me? Are we working together? I’m honored but- I thought you were retired!”
While the pressing stress of their first flight had long gone away with a successful mission, Scott was way too tired to freak out as much as he really should about his being in the Quinjet. As it was, he was curled up on one of the flight benches, stripped down to his clothing underneath his Ant-Man gear and with his head tilted to rest against the cool metal of the plane. He quietly marveled at how quiet and smooth all the machinery was for a plane with such insane flight capabilities, before addressing the rest of his team.
Steve paused momentarily, as if he hadn’t quite considered Scott’s job yet. “You’re still pretty new to the team, you sure you’re ready?” When Scott faltered, a bit disappointed that Steve didn’t trust his qualifications, Steve quickly continued. “This is no statement against you, it’s just concern over knowing each other’s methods and style.”
He shook his head. “I could use another scientist around to help.” He then snorted. “Or some Vibranium, but that’s not going to happen if the Wakandans keep acting like fucking Tolkein dwarves-“
“I did my best, but Vision prefers to watch.” The being in question inclined his head in what seemed to be his equivalent of a shrug.
“Only three people knew about my wife and kids when I was still working. Natasha, Coulson, and Nick Fury. They were the closest thing I had to a team, and I didn’t trust about anyone else.”
Many thought Tony worked himself to the bone to prove without a doubt that he was greater than his father, even if his father would never admit it, which wasn’t entirely wrong. Others who knew him better would have asked if it was to make his mother proud. Rhodey figured it was a lot of things, and, as usual, his instincts were right.
So when Bucky approached Tony, a couple months after Steve befriended Peggy, to chew the genius out about how he was treating Steve, Tony was ready for a fight.
“Oooooh, foul language, what’s got you all riled?” Tony stopped actively tinkering with things when he asked the question, Steve could hear, so he didn’t feel too bad pulling him out of the tangle of parts. “Steve, c’mon!”
“You guess right, Steve,” Sam cheerfully informed him and leaned back on the desk. “But before I extended an invitation, I wanted to get your permission and hash some of the details out.”
“Not if you’re doing a mission non-violently in the daytime,” Scott disagreed. When Sam shot him a look, he backtracked. “Which is irrelevant here because Rumlow will almost certainly have many people backing him up and many guns.”
The smell of warm food and the chatter of the team greeted him as he neared, and when he turned the corner to the kitchen, he was greeted by balloons and a telekinetic throw of confetti from a proud Wanda.
Scott went to grab his cereal when he noticed the pots and pans currently dominating the counter space. “What’s all this?”
“Sam invited me and made it seem like you guys could use an extra hand. Your methods aren’t always elegant, but I definitely appreciate all you’ve done.”
Sam smiled at that, and unthinkingly blurted out, “He’s an engineer too.” He froze, worried that Tony would realize he had overheard him, but Tony gave no indication that he caught the slip. He just beamed at Sam. “Well, now you’re just buttering me up, Wilson. A hero and a scientist? Yeah, I won’t protest you inviting him. Do I get any info on him so I can start arranging everything to welcome him?”
“Alright. Let me know your decision tomorrow. Remember, you and your family will be taken care of too.” The two finished the call and Scott proceeded to freak out in the living room while Luis gave him waffles and Kurt and Dave gave him unhelpful advice. (The three took the invitation to join the Avengers as a given, as well as his acceptance of said invitation. They were generally unperturbed by the situation, which probably shouldn’t be surprising after the adventure they had just had together. Seeing a friend shrink to the size of an ant probably raised the levels for how for amazing something has to be for you to be surprised by it. Kurt did ask for Black Widow’s signature, though that was definitely understandable, all things considered.)
“I may have left right before a very important meeting with very important and easily offended people,” Tony said grimly and pulled a face. “Pepper won’t be happy.”
They started back a couple hours of stargazing later. Tony and Bucky were about halfway back when Tony spoke up again. “Does he hate me?”
Scott noticed then that the others were settled back in their chairs, obviously content to sit back and observe.
"I would hate for our field actions to make your life any harder. You’re always saying how busy you are.”
Tony desperately sent letters to the possible bases and towns he could be staying at, and when Peggy appeared in town with a pale face and concern in her eyes, rightfully guessed Steve had told her too. She agreed to use whatever assets were at her disposal to also try to dissuade Steve, but they all knew the outcome.
single most beautiful person, or even man, in the world. That is not to say that Tony was not firmly in the running for most gorgeous, at least in raw potential. He was around the 20s in the rankings of beautiful people, and while he would not be truly ready till later, he was dazzling, and almost fey in his appearance while still a young adult. With fine features, clever brown eyes, honeyed skin, and dark hair, he caught the eyes of all he passed, and kept their attention when they witnessed his easy genius. But while Tony’s position among the most beautiful men in the world could be debated, few could dispute his claim to being amongst the most brilliant engineers in the world.
Maggie drew herself up, probably to automatically protest that Paxton could always listen to something that would affect her daughter since the fiancé would be Cassie’s father too, but Paxton easily excused himself from the room before she could. He really was a good guy, and Scott and he had come to an understanding after everything that had happened. Scott would never keep things from Paxton if it could end up hurting Cassie, and Paxton would respect Scott’s role as her father. If someone kept something from the other it was because it was personal and not something the other needed to know.
Steve, Natasha, Sam, Tony, Rhodey, Vision, and Wanda were all assembled around the table, which was piled high with admittedly delicious looking food. Tony tapped something on his phone, and a hologram declaring, “WELCOME AVENGER SCOTT LANG” was beamed into the air.
“Ah, they return-” Tiberius stopped in shock, and Rumiko couldn’t help her blush either. Margaret was much better at hiding her surprise, but she felt a rare pang of empathy for her employers as she also took in the two men approaching.
“Go now.” As soon as Steve gave the command, Scott was shrinking down and climbing onto Sam’s suit. “You on?”
Steve laughed. “Of course you do. I really don’t think I’ll be in much danger, especially because I won’t be around the biggest troublemaker I know.”
Tony’s felt abruptly dizzy once again, but after a pause where Bucky had him drink water, Tony insisted he continue. (Tony wasn’t the one who had gone to war, and would be furious at his reactions, but no one begrudged him his grief.) Everyone had heard of the Dread Pirate, and everyone knew he kept no prisoners. He was the most famous pirate in the world, and his crew was, ironically to Tony, called the SHIELD. Bucky also admitted Steve had gotten stabbed with what they suspected was a poisoned blade in his fight with the dreaded Red Skull.
“Yeah, I’m sure Dodgeball would be more fun if you could fly,” Scott muttered under his breath as his hefted balls substantially bigger than him up to pelt at Natasha. It went against every instinct in his body to try to attack Natasha, who seemed like she could see his every move even when he shrank, but he wasn’t going to delude himself by thinking he could hit Sam, who was flying considerably higher than Scott could accurately aim. Wanda, on the other hand, had been doing shorts flights before she returned to the ground to get Sam more balls. She was only allowed to move projectiles with her telekinesis once they had already hit the ground on her side, and then she could move them once she was within 6 feet. She was currently on the sidelines, as, like Vision, she had been eliminated.
“I think you can guess I already had a complicated relationship with the government, and I, shockingly, don’t have a strong ally in an administration that continues to want me to make them weapons despite how I refuse to share any of that tech,” Tony replied scathingly. He looked exhausted, and rather than pester him about Stark Industries’ funding like Hope suggested, Scott figured he could just look into the donations to lobbyists and politicians himself when he cracked the server.
“Not quite the same thing, Sam!” But Scott focused back in on his task, proud that his hands weren’t shaking. He was almost on to something.
cheerfully stated. The man completely ignored his fumbling as he went to set the table back to rights, for which Scott would be eternally grateful.
Tony clutched the note to his chest and struggled with the waves of emotion buffeting his frame. Steve would never lie to him, and here he was talking about loving Tony forever, like it was as much of a given as the sun rising each day or Dummy knocking something when he got excited.
Sam almost laughed at the despair in Scott’s voice. “You weren’t near as bad as you think you were.”
When she returned her focus to the screen where Sam was in the process of picking his character out after Rhodey flung his controller moodily away, Scott couldn’t help but wonder what it was like to be interrogated by her.
“And then some people will interrogate your schooling, some will get paranoid about powers, some will harass Hank, some will suspect Tony, and no one will know for sure,” Natasha summarized.
Sam was once again hit with the urge to roll his eyes but accepted the statement with a nod. “He wanted to check with you too.”
“What can I say, I’ll be on the side of the robots when they take over. I’m endearing myself to them.”
“Secretary of State Ross? You mean Thaddeus Ross got the nomination after all? I hear the guys a dick,” Scott interjected from the doorway.
Steve flushed a bit. “I don’t think I have any monopoly on him, and I don’t think my opinion matters that much to him.”
The two chatted a while longer, with Hope delivering stinging rebukes of some of her colleagues and their proposed solutions. Before they had gotten even halfway through their drinks, though, some other patrons discussed the Avengers within earshot.
“Don’t mind if I do. I can pretend not to be able to take any calls and hear about how Scott conquered my obstacle course all at once.”
Scott shrugged non-committedly, but she took his silence as the confirmation it was. She nodded solemnly, and he waited for the inevitable lecture. He was surprised when it didn’t come, and she simply said,
“Yes Tony, you’re brilliantly funny and because of that I know you’ll figure this out tomorrow, but right now-”
Steve seemed to remember the billionaire’s famous CEO and partner at the same time. “Oh yeah, what about Pepper? Wouldn’t you want to stick around for her?”
“Oh, he’s qualified, alright,” Sam’s excitement was infectious and Steve found himself smiling despite himself.
Tony groaned and whined, and made a big show about inviting “the unrelenting asshole”, but insisted on the two showing up at the house on Sunday morning when Steve tried to back out again. The day of, Bucky trailed an uncomfortable Steve up the walk. When they reached the door, Maria opened the door and gifted them with a small smile. There were two bound leather notebooks and two charcoal sticks on the table next to a large book with worn pages and fabric marking several pages. She breezily ushered them to the table, apologizing to Steve for her rude oversight the last time they talked, and ignored their aghast protests when she told them the expensive tomes were theirs for their studies. They next few hours were spent with Maria assessing what they knew, and filling in gaps of knowledge in the foundation of their background. By the end, the two boys were exhausted but pleased, and Maria calmly closed the bound book she had used years earlier for teaching her own son. She often spent a few days a week teaching Tony, and while she had much of the work of the farm on her shoulders already, especially because Howard didn’t care for any of the daily tasks, she could afford another few hours a week to teach two smart boys. When they tried to tell her she didn’t have to teach them every week, she brushed it off and told them not to miss their classes each week, because Tony learned how to be persistent from her.
“I’ll do my best, Jarvis, but we both know what he’s like.” Bucky laughed, despite himself, at the exhaustion in the man’s voice. He accepted the horse with gratitude and set off to comfort one of his favorite people in the world.
The years passed peacefully, as Jarvis easily fit into the fabric of the farm as caretaker and manager, Tony worked on a self-driving carriage, the farmhands continued their jobs and studies (with the farm’s heavy labor greatly aided by automations,) Dummy caused chaos, and Tony and Steve continued to dance around their feelings.
“That makes a lot more sense. Iron wouldn’t have the right properties at all for the sort of sustained flight and all the beatings you must take in battles,” Scott said thoughtlessly, before he heard what he said and went to apologize for implying that the man took a lot of beatings in fights. But far from offended, he look delighted at Scott’s evident grasp of mechanics.
Scott stared in awe around him, unable to find the source of the voice, and almost absently said, “Call me, Scott, please.”
When Tony was 17, his parents died. Their carriage was destroyed during a trip to the castle, after Howard had cajoled Maria into accompanying him for the first time. Some thought bandits, some magic or beasts, and some blamed Howard for crashing it. Tony had not the strength to contemplate how it happened.
But it was too late. Tony had already disappeared around the corner. Scott felt like he should be amazed the two hadn’t seen him throughout the exchange, but that same perceptive part of himself that thought it heard bitterness in Steve’s voice seemed to think that tunnel vision wasn’t uncommon when it came to the other with those two, and wondered whether Tony was right to expect a lecture or whether he should have expected an apology. (That voice in his head always sounded vaguely like his ex-wife when she was stressed.
He fell back on the bed and grinned. “Hey sweetheart. Guess who was right about the Avengers being nice?”
“Scott? Just don’t die. I don’t get a say in your life anymore, except as the mother of our child. Cassie needs you around, and I can’t deal with the tears that would come with you getting hurt.” Her voice was soft despite the harshness of her words, and she smiled, proud. (If he wasn’t already sure he’d join the team, that pride would’ve convinced him. She was pleased with his decision, clearly approved of what he would be doing, and he still remembered the days when he had a significant other that would brag about “my husband, the systems engineer”)
Tony seemed to close off at that, stiffening slightly, and even the newest member of the team could tell that that wasn’t the right response. "Of course. Actually, I’m sure you guys don’t need me for this.”
As he listened to his daughter chatter on the phone while sitting in his room in the Avengers compound, Scott figured that all in all, it was a pretty good day.
Sam winced a bit. They had made a lot of mistakes, but damn if they aren’t trying to be better. “I won’t deny that. That’s what happens in a group of powerful and independent people.”
Scott darted to where Wanda was still standing. “Can you throw me like you did Steve?” When Wanda nodded, Scott pointed roughly to where Natasha was now engaged with hostiles. “At Natasha, please.” Wanda assessed the area briefly, before shifting to angle herself in the right direction. “Brace yourself.”
"I mean, could I have been talking to you this whole time? Like… chatting? Asking you random questions? Or would that take too much of your time?”
Scott filed that surprising information away to think about later, and grinned at where he hypothesized the surveillance camera was placed. “Let me know if I ever start to bother you Friday, because I’ll probably talk to you a lot. And often.”
It was like a dam burst when Tony spoke next. "My work with you guys is not a problem, you know I like to stress out my investors with last minute updates and designs, and I could code in the suit if I wanted to. It’s much more exciting, and when I’m not on active duty, I need all the excitement I can get.” Tony’s flippant babble seemed to be as much a release for Tony, in that he could regain his footing, as it was for Steve, who seemed relieved to have gotten the other to stick around long enough to calm the waters. “And then Pepper will come to yell at me-” Tony stopped awkwardly.
“Friday keeps the calendar for us. Wanda is next, and apparently has a movie already planned, but you get the pick after her, as the next newest member,” Steve finished.
Steve went around, gently getting Tony more comfortable and feeding Dummy, (one of the only reasons Jarvis let Steve in was because Dummy didn’t really remember Jarvis and was suspicious of new arrivals when his master was in such a state.) Sometime later, when Steve thought Tony had fallen asleep, Tony spoke in a wavering voice. “Does it ever hurt less?”
Wanda dropped down a moment later, quickly deflecting bullets and immobilizing another opponent. “Sam.”
The group had all leaned towards him to some degree, and Scott felt something in him calm when he realized this new team he had joined was already there for him, wordlessly promising to help him protect his family. That gave him the strength he needed to step away from their prisoner.
Their first meeting, he had been welcoming to the youth, a young, ten-year old boy excited for a new friend. (Tony didn’t have many friends growing up, and even fewer in his teens. He was too smart, too witty, too outspoken, too sensitive, too quick, too impatient, and later, too pretty for the average child to be able to handle. This led to him to turn to his inventions and the aptly named donkey, Dummy, for companionship.)
The ensuing tournament ended up devolving like the board games before it, but Scott decided he could blame that on Tony joining the tournament with cheat codes and Steve breaking the controller after Sam won their match.
Friday took that to be her cue to chime in. “I do place the orders themselves with the dining establishments, but the boss decides what location or type of food to order every week.”
“I’m sorry I upset you. I just hate to see the two of you like this,” Bucky pressed on. “You should talk to each other.”
Scott waited for Steve to wind up for another throw before he threw his ball, but he didn’t account for Natasha’s ability to dodge Steve’s ball. Scott stared at her with dismay as she smirked directly at him and caught his throw. He grew back in size and slumped off to the sidelines, meeting Steve’s eyes, who gave him a sympathetic look before he flipped to avoid a throw from Sam. After another moment, Steve got Sam on the leg with a particularly nice throw, though Natasha had gotten Wanda back in. Scott had just resigned himself to sitting out the last of the game (which had been going on a while now,) when Steve neatly tossed a ball above Natasha to tag Scott back in. Quick as a wink, Scott shrunk and joined up. Natasha had yet to be hit out yet, so Steve was working on tagging her while Scott resumed avoiding Natasha and aiming at Wanda.
The conversation moved smoothly enough from there as Wanda and Vision began their mission debrief while Natasha and Sam asked Scott about his explorations around the compound.
“As long as you’re saying all this from an objective standpoint. You’ve never made mistakes like that, right?” Hope persisted in arguing with her Dad, but Scott could tell she saw merit to her Father’s objections. She was leaving it up to him to convince her Dad the suit would not be used for wrongdoing.
She stared at him a long time and he waited for the lecture that was sure to come. She shook her head. “Scott, I used to ask myself why you did the things you did.”
“I will not forget the betrayal of all those who stood by,” Tony blustered further, extricating himself and retreating to his counter perch. “And after I bring you food!”
“Sam really set a new precedent with resumes for Avengers membership,” Natasha said dryly. “He tossed a file of top secret documents in front of me and Steve, stuffed full with his exploits, while we were hiding from the government in his house.”
Scott looked around, suddenly aware he had lost sight of Natasha. He mercifully didn’t flinch too violently when she spoke from directly behind him.
“Your opponent has been programmed to slightly emulate various forms of martial arts, with an emphasis on practical military forms. It may try to shit you with modified repulsor tech eventually. Square up with it, and get ready to fight!”
Scott shook his head once, baffled. A billionaire just told him to address him by his first name. Surreal. While Hank was also crazy rich, there was a fame and notoriety to the engineer that makes even the reclusive mystery Hank is pale in comparison to Tony Stark. One of the things
Scott startled, obviously at a loss for what he should do now when a voice from next to him spoke up. “Why don’t you call Cassie? The comms work long distance.” Scott turned to look at Sam, who was smiling warmly and sympathetically. “I understand that post-battle edginess, but Wanda has the criminals under control, Natasha is one of the best of us at media control at this point, and Steve will join her soon enough.”
She nodded, before turning her attention back to where Wanda had imperiously taken over doing the dishes, despite Scott’s protests.
“Well, Scott, I know we all trust Sam’s judgment, and he didn't mention you to us lightly. Also, both Tony and Nat are very good at researching or reading a person, respectively,” Steve obligingly explained.
“If you’re all like that, why do you need me on your team? I’m flattered, believe me, but I can save people as I am right now.”
“If you’re asking if we would be able to talk throughout the day for reasons other than the strictly practical, then yes we can. As long as it does not interfere with other protocols I must undertake,” Friday seemed both baffled and amused. Scott scratched his cheek, unsure if he should feel embarrassed or not.
In the end, Cassie made the decision for him, which was hardly a surprise. He had visited her that evening to run Sam’s offer by her before he officially accepted it. (He had hated when his parents had made decisions that affected the whole family without talking to him when he was growing up, so Scott tried to be open with Cassie. He had felt guilty every single day he was away from his family in prison. His actions had hurt them, and he had sworn to himself that he owed it to them to try to do the right thing by them from then on. And one of those things was communicating with them honestly.) When he told her he was asked to join the Avengers, she was ecstatic.
He spent a week in his room, jealous and embarrassed and overcome with melancholy in equal measure, only allowing Dummy to stay with him and only allowing Jarvis to come in.  Steve had been rejected from entry to the workshop five times, and as such, was moping dejectedly around the farm. Bucky rolled his eyes when he saw Steve slumped dramatically over one of the water tanks, pathetically doing maintenance.
The game was unsurprisingly chaotic. Scott only had time to consider that the test would be both more fun and more stressful with more people participating when he had to narrowly avoid Steve’s shield. The Captain sharply called out, “focus” before returning to his terrifying sparring with Natasha.
Day six in the Avengers compound, and Scott was sporting seven new bruises, a pulled calf muscle, a migraine, and had serious bags under his eyes. (When he complained of this to Sam, Sam just told him to be glad nothing was broken.) He had also helped apprehend an international terrorist when the Halloween reject was attempting to steal a potent biological weapon, and then stayed in Lagos for the next five hours as local and international police converged on the scene of the battle. The whole affair probably counted as his Avengers debut. The evening had been much slower in comparison, as the group exhaustively debriefed after dinner, before Tony explained the international response during dessert. After the ice cream ran out, Steve dismissed them, and everyone either lay out in the living room, or returned to their rooms. Wanda and VIsion started doing the dishes, while Steve and Tony pulled Scott aside. They explained that his official announcement of membership in the Avengers has been understandably moved to the much nearer future, and that he should prepare for scrutiny.
After he saw his family and assured them he wouldn’t do anything drastic, he took Dummy and rode away from the farm.
Steve made sure to thank Tony, confident that he knew where the idea for the gift had come from. Tony didn’t want the gratitude either, and would later steal pieces of the metal his Dad did not understand to experiment with it himself.
“It’s really a bastardization of the game. We sometimes play actual versions of the game, but in this one we’re just in two teams and can clearly see the other team’s flag from across the room,” Sam explained sardonically.
Part of his instinct for stubbornness stemmed from his outright distaste at the mere notion of letting someone else have to suffer, however slightly, by his inaction. He refused to be a burden, or a bystander. Steve was determined to protect everyone he met, at any cost to himself, leading to quite a few fights and the subsequent beatings when he went to town. Steve didn’t win many of these fights, with his unfortunately weak disposition, but that never stopped him from trying. He luckily had an ally in the form of his best friend, James Buchannan Barnes, or Bucky. Bucky would appear, as if summoned by magic, whenever Steve was in a fight caused or not caused by Steve’s actions. (Admittedly, it was often that the fight was initiated by Steve.) As an adult, Bucky had the smirk and confidence that captured attention like nothing else, but he had yet to master that aura when a teen. The casual humor and wry kindness he would become known for throughout his life did surface in childhood, though.
The Tony Sulk was an irritable funk he went into after he and Tony had an argument over something dumb, Tony avoided Steve’s attempts to have a heart to heart over something he
Scott only shrugged helplessly. After a moment, her driver politely asked if she was coming and she considered Scott. “Be careful.”
He seemed wearier than he had been in Tony’s youth, and his barbs were rarer than ever. When Tony asked Maria what had changed, she simply said Howard had been visiting soldiers more than he used to. He was never a good father, and Maria struggled with affection, but Tony loved them, and the other young farm hands had come to see them, if not as parents, then as an aunt and uncle.
Tony could not remember ever being so happy, and only the prospect of this ending could bring him down. But despite Tony’s continued dismay, Steve’s stubbornness won out and the day of the departure neared.
“You will always be welcome with the Avengers, Tony. No matter what. You are a founding member and gave us a place to be. You gave me a home."
But it was also to be expected that Tony would not handle the news well. Jarvis barely stopped Tony from taking a boat to try to stop Steve, and if Rhodey hadn’t been home on a rare vacation, Tony probably still would have managed to sneak away. As it was, the two convinced Tony that he’d never make it to the country before Steve had already been moved as part of the military.
It was time for Scott to make the fateful call. He had talked to his family, employer, friends, and his conscience, and he couldn’t stall any longer. He’d even venture to say he was excited. Sam picked up on the second ring, and Scott amusedly wondered if the man had been waiting for the call day. That thought made him feel a bit better when he gave in and agreed to join the team.
The three assured each other they were unharmed, and Sam arrived, with Natasha in tow, soon after Wanda had.
“Tea would be nice,” he said gratefully, and smiled as he took his place at the table and watched Maggie pour him a mug of hot water. She didn’t need to ask which tea bag, and grabbed his usual for late nights spent working before bringing the beverage back to the table. After a pause while Scott made his tea and Maggie returned to hers, she gave him an expectant look.
Natasha exhaled sharply, much like any other human being would scoff contemptuously. “Believe me, even with all the files we exposed, they have reliable sources.”
Scott waved a hand vaguely in the air, as if trying to brush off the accomplishment, before ignoring it completely in favor of pushing the debris closer to the wall. “The server is fine right now, and I can pick up where I left off later. Friday is watching everything anyways, right?”
“You should join the Avengers, be a part of something. We watch out for each other, Scott,” Sam persisted.
“Whatever, I still have better inventions,” Tony said, trying for mulish but landing closer to fond. “You’ll miss me, won’t you?”
“Hands-on experience, we had a friendly sparring session. Did you happen to see the footage from the Pym incident?” Sam neatly avoided saying how they met, which Steve luckily didn’t pick up on.
“Yeah, Rhodey hands them the paperwork from the US government that politely asks the Nigerian government to excuse all the damages we helped cause, after Steve explained why we came in guns blazing to their country in the first place,” Sam replied. “Sometimes NATO steps in.”
There was another bloated pause as Steve took a deep breath before he responded. “Tony, about Wanda and Ultron, and about blame-“
“If it makes you feel any better, it’s not the best coffee I’ve ever had,” Natasha said faux-kindly. “The scones, though…”
He cut himself off. Sam held his breath, frozen and terrified of breaking the fragile quiet in the room. He knew that Tony would be mortified if he saw Sam there.
Tony didn’t stop arguing with Steve about his decision to leave. Bucky had agreed to go with Steve, and they planned to make money as shipmates on a trade ship to Genosha, the nation going through a boom of growth and development, before looking for work in the capital. Declaring their love had not changed much, while changing everything. They bickered and teased as usual, and they had already spent most of their time not working in each other’s presence, but they could be softer than they had allowed before around each other.
“Do you see them too, or am I hallucinating?” Steve followed where Bucky was pointing and felt his jaw drop at the procession of horses worth a good year’s wages and the soldiers chatting amiably. Bucky whistled, and Steve frowned around the barrel he was supposed to be lugging to the silo. “Take over for me? I’m going to tell Jarvis.”
Her smile was genuine despite the pointed way she introduced herself, and Scott figured he should reciprocate. “I’m Scott Lang, and I adopted the Ant-Man alias from Hank Pym.” He froze for a moment. “Not sure if I was allowed to tell you guys that.”
“You seriously can’t expect me to pretend that our debrief covered everything. What about what happened with you, personally? You’re the only person who hasn’t really talked to me about it. Their real feelings, not excuses and apologies. And you bring up fault-”
“You know I care about you, right? Take Steve out of this picture for a sec, ‘cause I’m your friend no matter what. I love you, Tones.”
They were both blushing horribly, and Tony embarrassedly made for the bags still strapped to Dummy’s back. “I have a gift for you, to keep you safe.”
Bucky answered the door, smirked, and left the house with nothing but a call behind him. “Steve, it’s for you.
Scott was so busy basking in how nice this whole team thing was working out that he didn’t quite think how his next statement would sound out loud. “No, I’m pretty sure it’s disabled.” There was another weighted pause and Scott quickly amended his statement. “Definitely sure.”
“Its fine, farm boy, and it no longer matters.” Even after being so disappointed, Tony somehow couldn’t bring himself to lie and say he wasn’t serious about what he said. It physically hurt, now that he knew, to deny how he felt. “Don’t get all guilty and dramatic. Besides, I think I figured out how I could have been so oblivious for so long. It defies expectations that I could be in love with you.  Ha, and when you so clearly have other priorities. Me? In love with my farm hand? What an absurd cliché. Maybe I was ashamed, or maybe it was to protect myself,” Tony said. The tone was somehow airy and scathing, and he hid the kernel of truth in his words underneath layers of sarcasm and rudeness. His heartbreak made it easy for him to pretend Steve hadn’t long ago become too talented at reading him not to see through his bluster.
Scott swirled the dregs of his coffee thoughtfully. “I guess it wasn't my first priority since I saw Steve falling, though I guess he is a super soldier. And the biological weapon may have broken. Maybe he could have escaped easier small?”
“He’s trying to throw us off,” Natasha commented thoughtfully. “Maybe to avoid exposing any more Hydra resources or objectives?”
“I really don’t know, Sam. I think we’re still on very different pages.” Scott kneaded his forehead. He should’ve known today would suck when he woke up with a headache and to the sounds of Luis trying to put out a waffle fire while Dave and Kurt commented on his technique.
“Because supervillains wish they could be as cruel and malicious as Steve and Natasha are during training,” Sam said sagely.
“The real Avengers, daddy?!” She was bouncing on the bed and Scott couldn’t stop the smile on his face.
“My suit’s goggles has tech installed that allows Friday to analyze what I see and do things like identify assailants,” Sam explained. “And she has her own communication line to access us, you just need to address her. Right, Friday?”
Though his heart warmed a bit at the offer, he shook his head. “Thanks Vision, but I have to call my daughter before it gets too late. She has an early bedtime.”
When Steve had recovered to a place where he felt guilt for his dismissal of Tony, the other boy had internalized it too deeply. He decided he would act how Steve obviously expected him to act, and proceeded to tease and poke fun at the younger boy, targeting his quiet nature and small size. The orphan was certainly very slight in his early life, bony and frail, prone to falling sick and to terrible bouts of asthma. He was weak in body, but never shirked his work or let others take a disproportionate amount of work.
Steve paused at where an interface has appeared in the center. “I guess you hadn’t asked Friday about this room. This is the simulation gym, which was designed to be very flexible and easily altered to represent scenarios. We do a lot of team training in here.  For today, each team member came up with a training method, and then Natasha and I approved all the exercises. We often play games like dodgeball, capture the flag, laser tag-“
Tony whined but agreed, as long as Jarvis left him to it and didn't complain about who he chose or how he chose. Jarvis was exasperated but allowed it.
Tony’s smile dimmed a bit, and he tapped his fingers on his chest, seemingly unconsciously, before blurting out, “Pepper and I broke up.”
“She said the Avengers would help take care of me,” Scott said, before chuckling. “I think I’ll need to get a photo with all of you.”
“Well yeah, he’s Captain America,” Scott rolled his eyes before the implications of Sam’s statement sunk in. “Wait, Captain America is excited to meet
“I would appreciate if you explained what you were doing here,” Sam said with a significant look at the remains around them. The sheepish look was back as Scott took in the aftermath of his meddling. “It’s kinda hard to explain. Friday, what exactly should I say here..?”
They assured him confidently, before also reminding him of the extensive safeguards for his family. (Tony even gave him permanent access to the jets to visit his daughter whenever he wanted.
“Well, I really don’t know how, Tic-Tac. It’s simple: I’m calling you in to join the Avengers,” Sam was wandering Central Park with a coffee in one hand and his phone in the other while he talked to Scott. Convincing the ex-con that he wanted to be a part of the team was proving to be the most difficult aspect in his “Recruit Ant-Man to the Avengers plan” and no, that wasn’t irksome at all.
“Friday couldn’t find anything about your daughter in media accessible to the public, and destroyed everything else. The cop has done okay at hiding any ties to your family as well, and he seems to be well liked enough by his whole department, so they’ll help keep things quiet,” Tony said curtly, but Scott figured it was discomfort rather than displeasure about being bothered since he had already seen how much work Tony did.
Scott was quiet over the line as he considered that. “I suppose we could talk about the specifics of that one,” he acknowledged carefully.
“He exposed some very morally sketchy accounts belonging to a shady company through less than clean means,” Sam said carefully.
Sam practically giggled from where he had been avoiding Vision’s projectiles in the sky. “This game is so much better than I remembered.”
Long before them, there was a man who helped found the nation of Genosha who was said to be so incredibly intelligent he could connect the minds of men together to work as one. He revolutionized human understanding of the body, and set the foundation for sciences that would not truly develop into realms of study until long after his death. Yet despite his powers and mind, he was stripped of the ability to walk in a desperate battle with the person closest to him. The heart cannot be reasoned with the same way, and Xavier learned that young. His hurt and loss had helped him to gain the wisdom to inform his raw intellect, and his nation taught many after him how to best wield their gifts.
When he didn’t receive a letter for the longest stretch yet, he remembered how Steve had once lifted the farm wagon by himself, and carried Dummy when he got sick.
“To be blunt, you're going to go through a few tests, so we can see how you fight and think,” Natasha finished.
“No. He killed their general. We took their battleship, and we sailed back to the mainland with their flags replaced with white flags.”
Tony’s lip twitched up with amusement, before he took off his fancy red sunglasses and shook Scott’s hand. “Nice to meet you, Ant-Man, I’m Iron Man.” His brown eyes were warm as they met Scott, and while he was amused, the look wasn’t mean or mocking. He had a strong, confident handshake, and Scott had to firmly remind himself to let go off the man’s hand after he stood there shaking it for a while.
They landed the jet a bit out of the city, and trekked in, Wanda and Sam flying parts of the way while Steve and Natasha rode her motorcycle. (Scott had gone ahead and joined Sam already.)
But Tony knew naught, nor cared, about who people thought was the most beautiful in all the lands, and as a young teen, in fact cared little at all whether people found him attractive. What he was far more concerned with was his intellect. He lived on a farm with his parents, his mother in charge of overseeing the crops, animals and the management of the small village tied to them, while his Father worked in his workshop built into a hill. His father was famous around the world for his way with machines, and would regularly make trips to the castle of the king to present His Majesty with new creations and weapons of war.
Steve was failing to hide his grin in his laughable attempts to regain control of the situation, while Sam and Natasha cornered Tony behind the fearless leader. Steve raised placating hands when the two pushed closer, and Tony peered over Steve’s shoulder, brandishing a piece of tech Scott could only assume was a phone.
birthday, Bucky bought Steve a book of languages for his birthday, (with considerable help from the money left for them from Maria,) and Tony bought Steve a new book of parchment and a few delicate pieces of lead for drawing. He had noticed Steve’s unformed sketches in the margins of his work and books, and sold a couple automated door openers to the local noble family to buy the set.
Steve panted out “Sam, he’s in an AFV driving north,” as Scott grabbed the shield from the ground and ran to their leader.
“Just to warn you… People will assume I made it, and it will drive Hank up a wall,” Tony said, barely hiding his glee.
It was possibly because of Tony’s natural aptitude and brilliance with machines that his father disliked him so. It seems ridiculous to believe a father would be envious and resentful of his own son, but Howard Stark was the right kind of arrogant to lash out at the boy, already so intelligent and talented with their craft when he was but an adolescent. But while his father would mock and disparage his son, he was almost loving towards the orphan boy that worked on their farm. Steve Rogers was orphaned at the young age of 8, after losing his mother to disease. His father had died a few years prior to his wife’s death when at war for the king. He and Howard had been friends, originally making their acquaintance when the engineer and metallurgist outfitted the elder Rodgers for a new set of armor. So, after the death of his mother, Steven sought out the man his mother said would be able to find work for him, and was given a place working the fields and taking care of the animals. Howard liked the boy and his work ethic, and would often compare Tony’s easily distracted and unfocused style of labor to Steve’s concentrated and meticulous efforts.
Steve wasn’t able to really contain the mirth that bubbled out of him, and his smile remained as they returned, amused how Tony tried to seem unruffled by how unprepared he was for the visitors while also trying to clean off some of the grease on his hands and arms.
“Sure thing. Clint Barton is particularly fond of Fruity Pebbles, and despite the fact he no longer resides on the compound, we are kept stocked. He is not alone though, as Natasha Romanoff likes Chocolate Rice Krispies, Captain Rogers prefers oatmeal but will splurge with Apple Cinnamon Cheerios, Sam Wilson likes Frosted Mini Wheats, and so on.”
“I know Scott, there’s no justice in the world. Even the good Captain is hidden in a cushy apartment with AC.”
Scott had been investigating the gadgets in earnest while the two were fighting, planning on breaking things to make Rumlow's arms immobile, when he found the bomb. Not just any bomb, a seriously powerful chemical bomb with an electric trigger that would have a kick effective enough to at least maim a supersoldier. Scott stared at the device, holding tight as his ride continued to fight, deciding how best to approach this.
Scott had dozed off for a while and finally felt recovered enough to think about venturing out for food when his phone started buzzing gently next to his head.
The truck crashing through the barricade at the Institute of Infectious Diseases answered his question quickly enough.
Scott took a moment to consider if he heard bitterness in that last statement, but before he could decide Tony was responding, words sharp. “The Avengers are
“That’s incorrect, Mr. Wilson. If a system such as I could feel something like offense, you would have offended me the second day we met,” Friday said primly.
See, when he hit his fifteenth year, Tony realized that the reason few would interact with him closely was due to jealousy, resentment, and his perceived arrogance. His casual reaffirmation of his intellectual superiority was understandably infuriating to some but he was so charming, despite his moments of abrasiveness, that he was still popular. His humor was almost never intended to wound or harm and he underestimated his own fortitude in the face of the slights and jabs said at his expense. His constant stream of sharp banter was as intimidating as it was amusing, but even if he toned down his words for the sake of others, it was his overall appeal that actually ensured his isolation. He was too engaging and brilliant, and resented for it. There were many who admired and desired him, but few who would reach out to him with aims of friendship. As he learned that people would smile at him just as soon as they’d spit curses behind his back, he learned to distract and amuse, never taking what people he couldn’t trust too seriously.
“Well, he has the phone numbers of some significant people in the American government to cheer him up,  and his own government to deal with,” Rhodes replied.
Sam recoiled in shock, and Wanda rolled her eyes next to him. “Don’t ask her what you said, I can tell you. You called Friday the ‘new and hopefully improved digital butler.’”
Um, I started this chapter before Ant-man and the Wasp. So that happened, I made changes… And the semester hit me hard. Now it’s the tail end of another miserable semester and Endgame shook me to my very soul, so I’m back! (How about that movie, amiritie? I'm totally fine after that. Not still bleeding internally.) I’ll be done for the summer in a few weeks, which should lead to an actual update schedule.
“Wilson, I already told you, that EMP would short out Redwing every time you use it,” Tony Stark forwent any sort of greeting when he picked up Sam’s call on the third ring, and Sam didn’t bother trying to stop the smirk that overtook his face.
He warmly said “Believe me, that’s not the plan,” and then promptly wanted to slap himself when Maggie’s smile dropped off her face. The last time he had said that was when she was yelling at him after she found out what he did, and she told him he could be arrested.
When Scott and Sam walked into the kitchen, the team had already set the table and were in the process of getting settled with their boxes of Chinese take-out (Every sensible Avenger liked Chinese food.) Sam went to take his usual place next to Steve and waved the newest member to sit in the open seat on his right. “Rhodes and Tony have seats whenever they show up, but these are our usual spots.”
“Well, we can’t let him. We know Hydra’s biggest objective. Same thing they always do. Try to take over the world.”
“No, I don’t think I am okay. I would worry I’ve lost my mind, but I know, I hope I know, that you wouldn’t mind. And it really shouldn’t be such a big, or world shifting thing, but it really is and I should probably thank Bucky and Rhodey, but that’s really second to facing you and- I just have to tell you.” It sounded as if Tony was trying to be flippant, but as he went on his voice just shifted to heart-rending sincerity.
“Stop trying to health food us all to death, we all know Loki will bring about our demises far before our time anyways. Jesus, why do you hate butter- stop trying to feed me broccoli, you monster.”
He decided it was best to just leave them alone, and pretended there wasn’t an ache in his heart when he avoided Steve. This meant he didn’t quite see the confusion and longing in Steve’s eyes when Steve was rebuffed or outright ignored, but meant he did get deeper and deeper into a foul mood, colored by his self-loathing.
The voice in his head that sounds like Maggie suggested the gratitude may not have just been for his diversion, but the day as a whole.
Scott shot up in surprise, hitting his head on what sounded like a metal pipe, and stifled some angry curses before scrambling out of the wall.
“You obviously won’t, though,” Sam tried one more time, but Steve was already walking away from the discussion and down the jet’s ramp.
“Like in an ant farm? That shouldn’t be a problem,” Natasha asked, completely ignoring Steve’s disapproving voice.
The first time Tony met Scott, he was having a bowl of cereal. He had been welcomed into the building just a couple days before, with a jaunty wave and an easy smirk from Sam.
The inhabitants of Stark Farm reached an easy equilibrium this way. Steve and Bucky worked and studied, Maria handled the farm, Tony built things to help or to suit his curiosity, and Howard appeared rarely to shake them all up.
Vision reappeared in the room, now outfitted appropriately. “May I ask if your mission was successful?”
Howard would goad his son, who would respond with sardonic wit and barely covered hurt every time, until he could gleefully conclude from something that was said that Tony was still a disappointment. (Their feud was endless, and Tony would still be recovering from a particularly nasty spat the day of his father’s death.)
Hope pursed her lips. “I guess we would need to know how shrinking would affect microbes, or if we can target them.”
“We already knew that,” Natasha said cryptically, with her signature slow smile. “We know everything we need to.”
“You offended Friday,” Steve said faux-quietly to Scott, who looked like he wanted to stay affronted but only felt abashed.
Steve winced, but Tony answered. “Probably. Some politicians get skittish and whiny when we don’t seem to be following US policy, so they’ll lean on Ellis about making a statement.”
The man, Tiberius Stone, was a Count, notable from the rest of the kingdom’s Counts both because of his relatively young age and from the fact that he had received his title as a commoner. Tiberius had curried the favor of the Prince as a young man, and was known as the Prince’s most trusted confidant. His wife, Rumiko, was popular with the royal family as well, but not quite as popular as the only Countess who had earned her title for military service to the crown. Margaret Carter was a fierce fighter, and had lived in a bustling border town famous for trade until invading forces attacked her hometown. Even as a young lady, she rallied her town and came up with the strategies that kept her town from being wiped out in the siege. She was offered an honorary rank or medal for her heroism, but she insisted on being properly conscripted instead. She rose up the ranks rapidly, despite the rarity of female officers or conscripts, but to receive her own unit in the army she had to gain favor with a noble who would sponsor her further ambitions. She reached out to Tiberius because she knew he had been a commoner as well, and while she didn’t much care for the man himself after meeting him, she became the head of his private army. (She hated the idea of skilled soldiers being hoarded en masse for the nobles to use at their whims, but hoped to change things as a general one day.) She received the title of Countess when she stopped an assassination attempt on the Prince, while Tiberius had just happened to visit to have dinner with the man.
“Arrived at the compound. Scarlett Witch and Vision report mission success and are on their way back to base.”
Bucky gaped. “Are you for real? She hates nobles and their bullshit. Haven’t you complained about Tiberius being a piece of shit?”
Steve stared long and hard at the holographic map in front of him. All of Crossbones recent targets were lit up and flashing specifics on the attacks in order to help the team try to figure out some sort of pattern. He crossed his arms and murmured, “What’s his plan here? Why these targets?”
Steve and Bucky had gone on many missions, specifically to destroy Hydra forces. On one of their missions, Bucky was captured by Red Skull’s personal platoon. Red Skull was the head General of Hydra, and a repulsive, hateful psychopath who reportedly captured and experimented on soldiers. When Bucky explained he lost his arm in their camp, Tony was deliriously grateful the man returned at all. Steve led a covert force that destroyed the camp in the mountains of Prussia, and recused all the prisoners.
It wasn’t till someone mentioned flight that Scott’s attention was brought back to the meta-humans. “Wait, Wanda flies too?”
A predatory grin crept onto her face. “I can’t wait to watch your next circuit of interviews. You think you’ll talk to Everhart again?”
“Hey, if you can’t make it happen, just say so, Stark. I thought you were smarter than that, but its fine,” Sam said dismissively, knowing the implication would piss off the older man.
The ship escaped with relatively little damage, or little enough damage that they could make it to shore, but the crew had to lock Bucky below deck to keep him from trying to commandeer the ship or a small dinghy. He left the military after telling everyone about Steve’s actions, and no one tried to stop him. (Bucky was the one who insisted on staying enlisted despite losing his arm.)
“Um, why should I, Wilson?” Stark was clearly joking, so it was that much more satisfying when Sam responded seriously.
He resolutely set about to improving his appearance, as that was one of the few traits people always seemed to appreciate, and knew that his intellect was his next best bet to keep Steve engaged. (Sure, his brain got him in trouble constantly, but Steve had always been weird.)
Hope stared him down, but her glare had lessened when he clearly recognized his overstep. “You’ll ask him yourself?”
Creation was his first love. But his next biggest joy was getting letters. Rhodey’s letters had been a joy for years now, but Steve’s letters were a new delight, and almost overwhelmingly loving.
After the brief rundown of what the press had already discussed, (apparently the Avengers released a formal press brief yesterday that glossed over much of the exact battle in favor of explaining their reasons for being there. Apparently, Rumlow attacked the institute while the Avengers were there on a tip for a potential Hydra robbery. The matter of Rumlow’s custody was still being discussed, with the UN and NATO the two most likely ones to take him, though Hope informed him Stark was making some serious waves pushing for sole Avengers extradition) Hope demanded Scott give her a play by play of what he remembered. The two spent a good hour on the exploits, with Hope interjecting questions throughout.
“Friday! You said you’d be my lookout!” He yelled half accusatory and half sheepishly as he struggled to look presentable.
He was ridiculously difficult to dislike, much to Tony’s chagrin. Tony had the sensitive heart of his mother, even with the sharp tongue of his father, and nothing could protect or prepare him for the genuine goodness Steve unselfishly lived his life sharing with the world. The animals loved the kind lad and his soft voice and tired eyes. Maria and Howard adored him, the village quickly came to know him, and all the farm hands came to respect him.
Wanda deigned to lift her head at the query. “First stage of preparing dinner. Everything is cooking.”
The man in question had a complicated mix of emotions playing on his face, but Tony could only read the guilt. “Tony, I- I’m sorry for being a coward earlier, you deserved a better answer, and-”
more than fine. “We have nothing in common, and he’s been avoiding me because he doesn’t like me. Or he’s avoiding another argument.”
Scott beamed, genuinely amazed by his fortune. When he echoed Steve at a near yell, he could tell everyone was amused, but he didn’t feel silly about it. The photo was taken, Friday sent it to his phone, and the group either pestered him for photos of his daughter or wandered off to get another drink.
“Rhodey tries to be here whenever he isn’t on a mission with the air force, while Tony has been popping up more often recently then when he first ‘retired’,” Natasha answered him this time, and Scott could hear the skeptical emphasis she put on retired. “Rhodey usually tells us ahead of time, if he can’t make it, what his choice is, and Tony leaves it a surprise.”
There were others of note that would appear both before Anthony and after. Long before, there were two siblings, one a man of fire, famous for his charisma and humor and feared for his talent on the battlefield, and the other a woman of compassion and intelligence who unshakably protected those same troops in battle, both individuals able to stake a claim for the title of most beautiful. The guardian of the troops, herself bearing a keen eye and endless brilliance, eventually married a man who was said to have intelligence that stretched to encompass every possible realm of knowledge. He was gifted beyond measure, and was constantly behind some bizarre disaster or strange invention.  The family that formed out of this close-knit family, the siblings, the husband, and the beloved best friend, would eventually raise a child far beyond what any soul could imagine a human being capable of.
“Wait, where are you, Scott? The comm locator says you’re with Steve,” Wanda asked, bafflement coloring her voice.
“Do you always have late nights like last night?” Scott asked curiously, passing the milk to Steve, who was eating oatmeal.
Next chapter is team training and bonding. Poor Scott is going to be reminded of high school in too many ways. Gym class sucks.
“One second, I think I’ve got something…” Scott motioned for one of his ants to connect a couple circuits on the side, then severing a separate cord’s connection. He typed a few last commands in, the system reacting and processing the new inputs before he destroyed one of the circuits needed for a generator and watched as the system malfunctioned. “There we go,” Scott said proudly, and scrambled out of the system, his faithful ants hot on his heels.
“Of course, Scott. The man is correct when he says you can ask me anything. I am installed in all of the Avengers-accessible areas for people of the correct clearance,” Friday pleasantly explained, and if Scott wasn’t already amazed, he was now by the amount of personality present in the AI’s voice. “Thank you, I appreciate it, Friday. I can call you Friday, right?”
Steve cleared his throat meaningfully, and the group obligingly went quiet. “You see that Range Rover halfway up the block?
When even Scott turned to Sam with a disapproving expression he flung his hands up. “It was a joke!”
Sam shook his head in awe. He knew for a fact that Steve had loved the new armor, despite his disappointment at having to use it so soon, and Sam had seen that thing take massive damage in training sessions. Yet Steve would always walk away with nary a scratch. Tony must’ve spent, hours, no, days, even weeks poring over the disaster in Sokovia, from the familiar way he flipped from moment to moment in the fight. Sam was about to leave, guilty about adding more to Tony’s workload, (and quietly plotting a way to make sure Tony got to sleep tonight. Sam suddenly felt a responsibility to watch out for the older man, and Natasha could probably let Pepper know just how wiped Tony really was.) when he froze in place. Tony had pulled up the footage of Pietro, saving Clint and the kid. Sam tore his gaze from the hologram to watch Tony where he slumped on the couch. His sigh seemed to echo in the quiet room.
“Can you, though?” Natasha’s bored reply obviously got Rhodes in a tizzy, and they started bickering good-naturedly.
“Have been informed of what happened. Mr. Stark is working on a press release and requested to speak to you, Captain, and I am working on reaching Colonel Rhodes now. Vision inquired if he would be needed.”
Tony, Steve, Natasha, Sam, Rhodes, Wanda, and Vision all had a scheduled day of the week on which they chose the group’s dinner. Originally, just the five active members were going to choose, but Steve suggested making it an even seven, and surprisingly to the group, original members excepted, Tony was quick to agree to join in. When away on business, Rhodes had the others vote on what to do or asked Friday to order delivery from a place with a high rating on yelp. Vision didn’t have taste-buds or a preference, so on his days Wanda would cook, and when she didn’t feel like cooking, Friday would help research and find interesting things the group had yet to try, all per Vision’s request.
“I once again remind you that I trust your judgement on these things, and seriously doubt you’d refer someone who should still be in prison. What’d he do to get put there?” Steve’s voice was calm, open and willing to hear the story behind the act before he made a judgment.
Tony waved off thanks before Scott could give it. “It’s fine, it’s the least we could do to protect your daughter.”
“Oh man, I know who you are. You’re Captain America!” Scott shook Steve’s hand enthusiastically, before realizing what he was doing. “I’m shaking your hand too long. Just… Captain America! And there’s Black Widow! Sorry, it’s just that my daughter is such a big fan of all of you.”
Maggie huffed irritably nonetheless, but didn’t call her fiancé back. (Scott didn’t blame her for resenting him. He put his ex-wife through a lot of shit, and she had to raise Cassie alone for a long time. He resented himself for it. But that’d never excuse what he did, and they both knew he wouldn’t change the fact that he exposed VistaCorp. All he’d change was how he did the crime, so as not to get caught this time.)
“You help people already!” Hank was not willing to give this up yet, but Hope was there to back her boyfriend up.
Over the next few years, Maria taught Steve and Bucky to read, write and know their basic history. Tony started “casually” leaving his old arithmetic books for Steve to get, and Maria started teaching Steve the bookkeeping. Howard would teach them some scientific concepts when he remembered and wasn’t drunk upon his return to the farm, but Steve learned much more when bringing Tony food from the house and listening to the boy’s rants.
Steve had just informed everyone that it was a “shell game now,” when Scott saw a bomb stick to the shield from his place on Steve’s shoulder. Scott automatically went to clap after Steve flung the shield instinctively into the air, saving the crowd, so he was knocked from his perch on the man’s shoulder when Steve was sucker-punched in the back. Scott rolled when he hit the ground, luckily remembering his training in that regard, and recovered, before sprinting to attack the asshat going after Captain America. Scott had climbed up and was about to try to take down the asshole when he noticed just how easy it would be to fuck up the mechanical arm additions to Rumlow’s suit.
Tony’s grin wasn’t even near cheerful. “No worries, Cap, I get it. Better asking late than never, gotta do your due diligence, you get my nomination for best Captain. Anyways, thanks, the listening was nice. Enjoy the party.”
The group seemed to take that answer, and resumed their activities, except for Natasha, who stared at Scott until he couldn’t help his discomfited fidgeting, and smirked. (Scott hated not feeling like the most perceptive person in the room. Though he should probably develop a word filter to match his observational abilities.)
Steve smiled quietly (which Scott hadn’t even realized was possible) when Friday said that before he sighed.
Jarvis found Tony as soon as he made it to the farm, and only left several hours later, returning with food, before leaving Tony in peace for the night. While Tony grieved, Jarvis had all the farm hands report to him to help him understand the farm’s affairs. The man quickly grasped the situation, handling the many tasks of running a ranch with admirable composure. Between keeping the farm going and tending to his desolate grandson, the staff didn’t have much of a chance to get to know him. Steve tried to talk to him despite this.
“Friday, did you contact Rhodey, Vision or Tony? We’ll need orders to have Rumlow extradited to America soil. I have some questions for him. Also, check the databases available to you on these men who were aiding him. Are they all Hydra believers?” Steve took back control of the situation.
“What, Pepper isn’t welcome to stay here too?” Scott could see Tony’s teasing smile from his angle, but he didn’t think Steve could see it quite as clearly. He hastily jumped to clarify.
“Then I’ll call Tony.” Steve turned to the rest of the team still present, and noticed, despite how he tried to hide it, that Scott’s hands were shaking slightly. “Scott, you’re done for now. Sam, go join the police at the institute and assist as necessary,” Steve ordered, voice brooking no argument, before walking away to call Tony and Rhodey.
“Are you joking? Ten of me isn’t worth one of you! We have always been equals and I don’t care about a fortune! For money we could just marry into nobility, or make weapons, or sell the farm! Besides, why must you leave me? Why can’t you make your fortune here?”
My beta reader, dontcallmeking, suggested I start adding lists of little head-canons to the bottom of my updates instead of taking ages trying to weave every single one of my head-canons into the chapters themselves. If you like these little lists and ramblings, let me know! If you don’t like them, you can always skip them. Either way, don’t worry, I’ll still add plenty of stuff to the chapters themselves as well.
“Several men are locals to the area and don’t have terrorist ties, though they have extensive criminal backgrounds and warrants for their arrest. Local police is on the way to pick them up. Most of the others have at least preliminary entries in our known Hydra member database,” Friday agreed.
Wanda’s response was muffled as she tugged a maroon sweater over her head. “Fine with me, I’d like a break.”
When Sam announced that the two guys he took down didn’t have the biological weapon Scott recalled he could address his team. “Um, guys?”
“I’m sorry, Steve, I’m afraid I can’t do that,” Tony said ominously, which Steve took a moment to process before beaming at the reference to a previous movie night. Sam booed at the joke, and Natasha hid a smile. Tony flicked his sunglasses on, bowed, and left with a dramatic air. Scott privately hoped he’d one day master the ability to seem like he always had some sort of legitimate business to get to or like he belonged wherever he was, but he mostly looked like he was up to something sketchy when he tried to be unassuming. (Which was especially frustrating when he
“But we will cover a lot of it with you, Scott. We thought we could go ahead and talk about what we’ll be announcing ahead of time, if that’s fine?” Steve interrupted as if he didn’t get them off track in the first place.
“I am Count Tiberius Stone. This is my wife, Rumiko, and Countess Margaret Carter, head of my retinue.”
Sam complied with the order, and Scott watched the bird fly away with almost a covetous look in his eyes. “You have to look at that bird later.”
So now here he was, two days after moving in, eating cereal in the Avengers’ communal kitchen at 10 in the morning. It was almost anti-climactic. He had seen other people and staff around the compound, sure, but most of the team, minus Tony, Vision, Wanda and Rhodes, was off on some recon mission to find out what Crossbones’s next target was (or so Scott was told). That’s why Sam had to leave so quickly, he had only even still been there to make sure Scott got around okay. (He probably could’ve delegated the task, but Scott appreciated that he didn’t) The other three were doing other important things, as well. Rhodes was still working for the US Air Force, Vision and Wanda were saving some villages from what seemed to be a giant serpent with a few of Tony’s robots for backup, and the billionaire himself had to make the money needed to keep the Avengers going. Sam had also informed him when updating him on the group’s whereabouts that Scott wasn’t supposed to go on any missions until formal introductions were made, and the group familiarized themselves a bit with his abilities and fighting style.
Steve turned to study Tony, his profile outlined against the sky. The waves crashing in the distance. “You want to see the world?”
“Well duh, you’re a hero too, and they need the best,” Cassie’s tone was matter-of-fact and exasperated, obviously annoyed that her Dad was being dense. “You’re going to join, right?”
Margaret would not care much about Tiberius’s plotting, but Rumiko had told her the story of the random village man with the pale hair who took on a group of men singlehandedly for their cruel comments, and was curious to see if she would encounter the brave soul.
“Looking over your shoulder needs to become second nature,” Natasha continued, unperturbed. “Even for someone who isn’t easily seen.”
No one would have had any question who he meant, and Bucky barely managed to contain his exasperation, reminding himself how dense they both were. “Never.”
Tony gave him a look, before the faceplate snapped down and he turned to leave. “Sure, Wilson. Keep me updated. Friday and I will organize whatever you need.”
“I’m an Avenger too, and you just sassed me when we met,” Sam complained. “Why don’t I get hero worship?”
“ I mean, what do I still have to say? I’m an Avenger now, and disarmed my first chemical bomb in the field,” Scott offered.
Sam really didn’t mean to see it. Despite what some might claim, (Natasha, which is really rich coming from a spy) Sam is not a deliberately nosy person. He’s just perceptive and has a talent for reading others. It’s what makes him a good soldier and also what made him a good counselor. Not to mention that Sam is a patient person, which came in handy when working with people who had traumas as deep and painful as Steve or Natasha. People who lived with pain as long as this group were reluctant to give those stories up, but Sam could wait until they cracked, and then help them cope.
Ms. Rhodes didn't mind Tony's loitering, and outright offered Tony a pallet in the house to sleep on for Rhodey's stay. Tony demurred, but quickly caved when she reminded him that Rhodey did not have long for his visit. Rhodey had already received a rank for his distinguished service, and though he downplayed the honor, Ms. Rhodes and Tony knew how rarely peasants were promoted. (Mr. Rhodes had been a conscript as well.) When he returned to the battlefield, Tony invited Ms. Rhodes to start coming to tea, and she and Jarvis got along swimmingly.
“You know, the trying to help people parts. I respect that. If I can help, I definitely want to. Besides, and maybe most importantly, my daughter loves you guys.”
The WWII vet drummed his fingers on the desk thoughtfully. “Well, we’d have to make sure the team is okay with a new member, first off. We all know you’d only invite someone that you approve of, so that’s probably not going to be an issue. Secondly, I do need to know his name and history, so cut it out with the vague hints.”
“Not the one responsible for causing the mess, but I do happen to know the one who was mainly responsible for fixing that disaster, and I have a way to contact him,” Sam held his phone up before Steve could ask how, and grinned.
“Tony, you know there is no money here, and we’d never be happy with the other options! I don’t want to leave you, the only reason I can leave is because I know that I’ll return to you. I can only depart when I know that I have a home to come back to.”
“Subject 1 drank two coffees, spilled some on his sleeve, and tipped the waitress poorly. When he left he went out of his way to avoid an individual in the crowd who seemed to be around the same age of him. Probably an acquaintance from school? Subject 2 talked on her phone for near the entirety of the simulation, only stopping when the call was dropped.”
Friday brought up a hologram in the middle of the table. “We have discovered intel that would suggest Crossbones’s next target is this police station in Lagos.” The station mentioned popped up, and Steve promptly started skimming through the data provided. He started and looked to the ceiling to address Friday. (Scott was somewhat gratified that he wasn’t the only one to look up to do that.) “This says the attack will be today, after 5 pm, West Africa Time.
When Scott heard “you’re coming with me,” he decided that that phrase was probably Rumlow's planned line before he set off the explosive. Steve and Rumlow were both still, the former because his villainous opponent had acted dramatic and clicked something, and the latter because what he pulled out didn’t work. Scott grinned, tore out another couple of cords he had noticed, and avoided the metal supports as the structure locked in place.
After a particularly nasty fight, Tony went to his father, seeking advice. Howard was sober in a way he rarely was, in both body and mind, and when Tony said he was coming to him on Steve’s behalf, he truly listened to his son. Tony wanted to protect Steve, and Howard agreed with his mission.
“The final thing to cover is your family,” Steve began tentatively. “The name of your ex-wife is hardly known, and we already sent a number of publishers a request to remove her name from all previous articles about your arrest.”
Scott looked to Sam for confirmation, who shrugged. Scott shuffled. “I don't think so? Sorry, I can’t get into many of the specifics of the suit because Hank forbade it…”
Steve smiled a bit. “That’s probably for the best if he wants to be an Avenger. That reminds me. I can’t believe that in your entire opening argument you left out the fact that he can change his size and talk to bugs. Or that he worked for someone else.”
"Look, Peter. I’m impressed by the power you managed to pack in such a small catapult. You have a knack for this, and I can help you get better while you work for me. Maybe show you how to get a quicker release time and improve the range, just off the top of my head. It's a simple farm job, lodging on the farm, and a ton of it is automated, so you can learn how to take care of all the machines."
But before Scott could do anything he’d regret, (or maybe something he wouldn’t regret as much as he should) Sam casually punched Rumlow, knocking him out. He grinned, shark like, at Scott. “I think my fist slipped.”
“I was always the same, Steve.” Tony laughed, breathless and joyous. “I constantly build things for you.”
“Yeah. Three of the terrors. One of them is less than a year old, but already a hand-full. My daughter is my eldest, and we had her while I still worked with Natasha at SHIELD.” Clint didn’t seem bothered by the question.
“I went through all that training yesterday. Besides, I’ve handled my share of bullies,” Scott pulled up his most confident grin to assure him, though Steve still seemed tentative.
They had been stationed for maybe fifteen minutes when Scott figured they had been quiet for long enough.
By now, the natives were gathering in earnest, emboldened by the lack of action in the last few minutes and obviously at least a bit familiar with who the Avengers were. Steve went to meet the cops now massing as well, probably to set up a perimeter and to point them to the assailants, while Wanda stayed with Crossbones, and Sam and Scott waited nearby. Natasha had disappeared, probably to gather the attackers she had downed earlier.
The four turned to look at the new member as one, and Scott was abruptly unsure if he was meant to be there.
The punch that sent Scott flying back really shouldn’t have been a surprise, at this point in the day. Scott would admit that his first bout with the robot was won mostly by his confusing the robot with the powers it had never seen before. He couldn’t exactly startle the robot as effectively the second time, and he almost lost that round, but won after sneaking under some plating and ripping out a chip. Third bout he found a weak spot in the robot and snapped several obvious key connections in the suit from the beginning, before going large to break the robot at all its weakened sections.
“Your superhero alias is Ant-Man and yet we all managed to forget your connection to the insects,” Vision commented, sounding truly baffled by this fact.
Bucky turned to make sure Tony saw his incredulity. “Are you kidding me? You haven’t been mean to us since… I don’t know, since those weird early days?  If anything, you’re too nice but pretend like you aren’t.”
Wanda gave her leader a wry smile as she flipped her boot over to dump the water out. “Very. We routed the serpent and limited causalities to zero. We did lose one robot, but we sent Tony the update on our way back.
"Can you really be accused of hacking law enforcement if you're technically law enforcement yourself?" Clint countered.
Scott snickered quietly while Hank turned on Hope with an insulted expression. There were few people who could cut to the core of things and call you out on your behavior like Hope could. She was merciless, and while it could be hard to deal with sometimes, Scott appreciated it more times than not. This was one of the moments where he enjoyed it.
The crowd grouped together according to Tony’s imperious instructions, shoulder to shoulder with Wanda and Rhodey crouching in front. (“Alright, make this classy, c’mon Wanda, you’re short, that’s a girl. And Rhodey, old man, get in the front. Hey, if you think Tasha should be in front, than you should have beaten her at Clue.”)
The founding members of the Avengers still remember the days where dinner consisted of Thor and Steve silently competing in who could eat more food before inevitably getting beaten by a hungry Bruce after a Hulk-out, all while Tony and Clint sniped at each other (
“Hank,” Scott interrupted the two, then promptly regretted it as they both turned glares on him. (They were definitely similar when it came to their tempers.) “Hank, I will not let the Pym Particle fall into anyone’s nefarious hands,” Scott said jokingly in an attempt to diffuse their tempers, then winced when the glares just intensified. He tried again, solemn this time. “Hank, no one has been able to quite perfect the formula like you did without deep knowledge of your methods and expertise. I will keep the particle secret, I will keep it safe, and I will use it only to help others. I trust the Avengers. You gave me a chance to redeem myself when no one else would, so give them a shot. Let me help them!”
“I will never love again,” Tony explained matter-of-factly. “And the world is a lesser place without him on it.” The young people seemed unsurprised by the declaration, but Jarvis’s heart ached to see his godson so burdened. To lose your loved ones so young was a cruel twist of fate.
Scott gaped at them all, barely able to handle what had just occurred. “Just like that? No weird contracts, no initiation, no cultish rituals?”
“It could work…” Tony muttered. “Friday, go through my contacts and look into freelance reporters who might want an inside scoop from an anonymous source. We can make this work, you’ll just have to confirm a story at our biggest press conference.”
When Scott finally returned to solid ground he was rewarded with a water bottle and a break. “Not bad, Scott!  When faced with obstacles you may not have had the strength, balance, or skill to easily pass, you managed to get by with powers or with good old-fashioned ingenuity. You were a bit slow, but these were only your first attempts. We can work on all of that,” Steve assured him cheerfully.
The conversation could’ve been going better. Scott pleadingly looked to where Hope was standing in the hopes she help him out. He had called her that morning to let her know his plans and to ask her to “coincidentally” be in the same place when he went to talk to her Dad over lunch. She gave him an admonishing look, but interrupted her Father’s angry ranting. “Dad, you gave him the suit, and he wants to use it to help people. He’s already said that he’d still help you with anything you need him to do in the suit. So what if he’s working with the Avengers and Tony Stark is one? You don’t think your petty rivalry with the Starks has gone on long enough?”
“I won’t lie about it. It’s terrifying knowing that your actions could directly bring them pain. I always wish I could bear all the consequences myself. You love them so much but you know there’s a job you have to do and you’re the only one even willing to do it. But that’s sometimes the only thing that brings you home. If you know you have people waiting on you… you can’t fail.”
Tony really wanted to hate Steve. It was easier to blame the intruder for being the reason he didn’t get along with his father then to accept that Tony could do nothing to overcome his father’s resentment.
“Well, we don’t get the most news in prison, um, but my roommates and I try to stay aware of politics. Especially with Kurt's citizenship and Luis's family. When I was still looking for work, before the Pyms? I heard he was all about 'strengthening the borders' and about setting limits on how many people could enter the country.” Scott replied.
It seemed fitting that their farewells would get sidetracked by Luis’s explanations of how he first learned how to use the word “endear” from a friend of a friend’s second cousin.
Sam winced at that and made to apologize, but Tony held up a hand to stop him before he could. “Don’t worry about it. Actually, before I forget, you did talk to Cap about this, right?”
“Don’t listen to him, our late nights are awesome,” Wanda protested sleepily as she clutched a mug of tea Vision prepared for her and picked at her toast. Steve nudged her with his shoulder. “Of course the night owl would say that.”
“I- I think I'm honored,” Scott stuttered, overwhelmed. “And a little less concerned about my weird past- no offense!”
There was a beat as that sunk in, and Steve shot to his feet. “Team, grab your gear to meet in the Quinjet in fifteen minutes. I’ll brief you all during the flight. Natasha, Wanda, you’ll be wearing passable civilian clothes, Sam, go ahead and get in full gear. Bring Redwing. I’ll be in uniform.” The group accepted the orders and went to leave, breakfast now forgotten.
Scott sighed and silently cursed the traitorous thought. He regretted a lot of things he’s done, but some of the only things he’s proud of were done out of a desire to do the right thing. If he fucked himself over in the process, well that’s on him. Doesn’t mean that joining such a public group didn’t make him nervous.
Natasha let out a sharp bark laughter at that, surprising the room with her mirth. “Of course the Russian told you that. I was about to inform you that there would definitely be a terrifying initiation.”
“Lies and slander,” Tony said with mock offense. He was fully suited up, minus the faceplate now, but he paused before he left. He gave Sam a considering look. “If Steve is okay with it, then I’m okay with it too.”
The TV was on in the living space, with no less than three separate projections also up for people to see. Tony had his head in his hands, massaging his temples, Steve’s arms were folded as he frowned mightily, while Sam and Natasha were huddled around one of the moving projections.
“Colonel Rhodes will arrive as soon as possible with paperwork to transfer Crossbones into Avengers custody,” Friday dutifully informed them.
Sam’s exclaimed “Are you sure?” overlapped a bit with Natasha’s statement. “I recovered the vial, I can come help others now.”
Tony was perched on a counter with the elaborate coffee machine Scott fell in love with his first day in the compound, while Rhodey leaned on the counters next to him. “Indian food okay? I asked Friday and she said you all just finished a bunch of Chinese leftovers.”
But because everyone knew Steve was the mastermind behind the attack, word got to Red Skull about the leader of the group who destroyed his favorite prison.
By his 18th birthday, not only had his beauty started to mature, but he had already surpassed his father in his knowledge and skill with engineering. Incredibly intelligent and quick-witted, Tony was a masterful engineer. Tony’s mind was like a ball of energy incarnate, constantly in motion and always relentlessly pursuing knowledge. Even while still growing, even while still finding the extents of what he could do, Tony was among the top five most genius souls on the planet. Like his father, he endeavored to create more and more complex inventions, but like his mother, he had no taste for weaponry and warfare. He thirsted for knowledge and discovery, constantly working in the forges and losing himself for days in the intricate contraptions and mechanics he found himself in. He treasured his wisdom, and desperately sought to prove to himself and his family that he could carry on a legacy to be proud of.
