“Okay.”
Or did you mean you want to? Let the whole
Take care until then,
“Oh, shit, he will set off the flautist too.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Just ask.”
“The dialogue doesn't flow! This scene doesn't keep with the pace and tone of the rest of the script. I can't speak these words.”
Moriarty's gaze devoured Sherlock's crushed expression. “I
, teaching everyone both to lead and to follow, and avoiding gendered language. Two girls dancing together has been accepted for many years already, but very recently it's also less strange to see couples with two boys. I'm very proud to be a part of this change, and I'm touched when I see not only young male dancing couples, but also male couples from the older generation. We're making an impact on the entire dance culture and it's lovely!
“Let's not stand around, then.”
Although I am thirty-seven minutes early. I
Seven and eight a.m. blur together; John isn't even sure if they are dream or reality. Sherlock's soft hands are all over, his breath whispering across the skin of John's face and neck. The kiss to his lips is warm. “Happy New Year, John. And good morning.”
Sherlock's eyes flicked briefly to Moriarty's face. “You like to see them competing.”
“You know”, she sneers, “when I told you to stay away from him, I didn't realise you were the type to go for freaks.”
“For now. Until he discovers-”
to call me silly names. SH
His leg tightened around my waist. “Just-” His breath stuttered. “Kiss me.”
Sherlock    14:17
“Is that what?”
But Sherlock simply turned back to the window. “Don't be over-dramatic.”
Sherlock snorts. “As if 'God' would care.”
sent    23:52
“Oh, hello dear”, she smiled, before walking up to the big table where there was still coffee and baguettes left from that afternoon.
I'll be there in forty
you through whatever you're dealing with and
in the most heartbreakingly sad way I have ever heard.
(See the end of the chapter for
sent    19:45
“Out”, Sherlock clips. He buttons his coat with his face turned away.
Sherlock still looked wary, but he nodded. “Let's go.”
and it's about him. You know now, what kind
We walk back over the ice-cold sand to the waterline. The grey surface is dotted with raindrops. “This is a stupid idea”, William says behind me as I step into the water.
And all the while, a scene of horror played out in the tower, exploding in my mind as I ran up the stairs.
For the fraction of a second, his smile was sad. But then it evolved into a smirk: “If you get me out of these blasted boots before they stick to me permanently.”
“Thank you, dear”, Martha said. “Now get out of my way.” Gregory immediately backed to the wall, joining the little group of curious bystanders.
Sherlock waits, but John does not continue. “Yes?”
The dance barn is alive with a driving halling tune. Soling Jacob has chosen a piece that sounds forceful bordering on dangerous; the perfect air for a battle. I can feel the floor beneath my feet quiver with each beat.
He lives, remaining still when I shout that I hate him, I hate him, I hate him more deeply than I have ever hated anything or anyone, and my voice was so frighteningly hollow when it was that loud, and I couldn't breathe, I couldn't
“You're right, the characterisation of the Hindu Dancer needs some work there”, I continued. “I'm not quite sure what direction to take it in, though. So I was thinking, since you know him best… maybe you can help me getting the voice right?”
Mary    14:26
you I love you.
“Say again”, I venture, searching for something to say that will please him. “How could you tell I'm from the Wattbacka house?”
“He's mine”, the Evil Maharajah spoke. Reflections from Sherlock's necklace danced across Moriarty's hungry face.
“You're going to be bad for business, I can tell.”
Greg    16:22
employees.”
Look, I wish I was there to help him finish
He's playing with Soling Jacob again. I now know that the old fiddler has been William's teacher since William was a child. He told me that it's his dearest dream to become as skilful as Soling Jacob – to become a legend.
(Polska from Ore after Flyger Jonas) – The first song William plays at his solo performance
”, I continued, “
There are two fortune cookies on the plate. John tries not to laugh.
“Oh, God”, Tori says, looking back and forth between them.
“No.”
When I got to the Moulin Rouge that day, it was nearly noon. I had finally fallen asleep with the sun carefully pouring sunlight into my room, little by little. Waking up, my heart was so full of words I couldn't get to the typewriter fast enough, but I also couldn't wait any longer to see Sherlock again. I hurried across the courtyard and into the dance hall.
John    12:36
“I'm not a child any more, Mycroft.”
. You're a beautiful, brave human being. We could leave all this, we could leave right now-”
He told me it will get better.
“I'm not letting you go either.”
“He holds your entire future in his hands.”
I don't know what to say. You are far too kind
John has to take a deep breath through his nose, not trusting himself to open his mouth without begging Sherlock to take him. He steels himself and looks down, almost throwing his head back again at the surge going through him when he sees Sherlock hovering just above John's tented pants, staring up at him with burning eyes from under his lashes.
Where are you?
It made the men from the outside feel special, belonging to the group that understands things that these underworld people don't. They called Holmes' girls and boys his Diamond Dogs.
Nah, he wouldn't really. Angels can fly and he didn't.
don't do that, unless for a very specific reason.
“He mustn't know. The show must go on.”
, John says,
go of me to put your hand over your mouth
John finds himself sitting with his back against the bathroom door, panting and sweaty.
John goes very still. The word
But they're not. Because though the world explodes, our love will survive. Because it is always 1895.
“No. Research in popular culture indicates that the first kiss with the object of one's affections is accompanied by a number of remarkable sensations.”
(See the end of the chapter for
You do have a tendency to end in that
“John? What are you doing?”
When Sherlock's head lolled to the side, the light fell on his mouth. I gasped when I realised that the red streak in the corner of his mouth wasn't lipstick. It was the same colour, but when I touched it with trembling fingers, blood clung to my skin.
“I know you're bored, but don't you think it'll be even more boring staying back here all alone?”
“Okay.”
The forty-fifth year, John turns eighty. They have a party far too big for the lodge, but the weather is nice so they spend most of it in the garden. Rosie rolls out the piano and plays a duet with Sherlock that they have composed in secret for the occasion. Their fingers dance with their instruments and their eyes dance with one another, and it's all so beautiful that John has to close his eyes, losing gravity when he falls into the music.
, did you… Do you…” I sighed. “Never mind.”
– oh no, don't stop!”
“Well then”, John says when they pull back. Sherlock raises an eyebrow, and John clarifies: “In
don't seem to be enough to express himself.
“Imagine…”
We were silent for a long time. When he finally spoke, it was without opening his eyes.
was always going to happen sooner or later.
“As am I, Holmes. It's all in the contract.” Moriarty reached into his portfolio and put a piece of thick paper on the blank hardwood desk. Holmes drew the sheet closer to him with his fingertips. “Oh, and naturally I shall require some security. I shall require the deeds to the Moulin Rouge.”
“But he wasn't just
“I haven’t done this in a long time.”
John    13:48
how beautiful the earth has become at summer solstice. How kind the sun, the winds and the earth all are to my senses.
sherlock.holmes@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk
I couldn't see what they were doing, but I heard the rustle of fabric and Sherlock's loud breathing. Just when I started to wonder if he had managed to distract Moriarty enough for me to take a chance at escaping, Moriarty took a step back.
“I can't even write any more.” I tried to make it sound light, but couldn't bring myself to meet his eyes.
Sherlock cannot help smirking. “What is? My throat, or our situation?”
John breathes a curse and follows Sherlock around a dark corner, a splash of dirty rainwater soaking his jeans when Sherlock runs through a puddle. The only things John is aware of are his legs working so hard he can't feel it any longer, his breath cutting through his lungs, his gun pressing into the small of his back, and Sherlock running in front of him.
How are you feeling? Is there anything I can
He blushed faintly, and then briskly took a breath to break the moment. “Were you working when I arrived?” he asked.
you know
Mary    12:57
, I say, speaking as low as he did.
John nods once, and they move out of the doorway as one body, dashing through the street.
John    14:14
John's hips land against Sherlock's concave belly. Sherlock's shirt has come loose from his trousers and tangles between them. John hears Sherlock breathe unsteadily through his nose, trying to control his breath while lifting his hips to meet John's.
said that about her.
The thirteenth year, the sounds of violin and piano duets embed John in a blanket of calm, safety and love every evening. Rosie is taking piano lessons, and an elegant piano mysteriously appears in their living room. Rosie's eyes are bigger than ever before, Sherlock scowls, and John puts a hand on his arm to remind him that Rosie's excitement is more important than Sherlock's obligatory hatred for everything deriving from Mycroft, at least for the moment. Sherlock sulks in their bedroom where Rosie won't notice. When he's done, he picks up his violin and plays with her for hours.
No, TALK TO ME, SHERLOCK.
The thirty-fourth year, Sherlock's brilliant focus and mad determination are focused on his new bee colonies. John watches the sharpness of Sherlock's mind through his pale irises and cannot help but blogging about it, not caring that the viewing numbers go down sharply without the detective work.
from the movie soundtrack, including:
Wordlessly, I dumped the sheets of paper in his lap and sat down beside him. I got lost in the hypnotic turn of the windmill blades while Stamford read through my script. The lights were out at the Moulin Rouge, but the blades kept turning, reminding us that the mill was alive though it was asleep.
“Well.” John tilts his head back a bit, watching his own hand arrange Sherlock's fringe. “It was only the first. Sometimes you're nervous and your head gets in the way. You need to get used to the other person. Process it so you can relax and enjoy it next time.”
“I already do.”
John    12:20
We are approaching the opened exit. I draw the jacket further up around her face to spare her the flashing lights outside. Aside from the police cars there is also an ambulance here – good. And then there is the sleek, black car just pulling up in the car park.
John says nothing. But this must be what love looks like.
“Okay.” I hid my mouth in his damp hair, whispering into it. “Okay.”
You're awfully mysterious.
The magnetism constantly pulling at John suddenly wins out, and he leans forward, touching his forehead to Sherlock's briefly. A pleased squirm shoots through Sherlock's body and he giggles in surprise, a high-pitched, adorable thing. John draws back and smiles at him, and Sherlock smiles back, his whole face beaming.
“What, and I should have stood there all night, listening to that creep ravishing you?”
No. I did not think, John. I did not consider all
But I had
“It's midnight in Beijing in one and a half minute!”
He dances a few steps and already I've forgotten we're in the middle of a contest. My mind hasn't managed to properly remember just how elegantly he dances, so I'm somehow unprepared for it yet again. Yes, I can dance halling too – I'm strong enough to be good – but when he does it, it's a true art.
This is not a list.
I mean, I could never be like you. I wouldn't
Sherlock keeps flirting. He cannot help it; the overwhelming evidence of John’s attraction to him crushes every wall he has built. For ten years he has kept his sexuality firmly locked in a little box, and it has never been difficult to keep it there. A single sentence from John –
“Here, use mine.”
Greg    16:12
“Good night, Sherlock”, he whispers into the curls. Sherlock seems too sleepy to hear the depth of the affection lying in that name on John's tongue.
that? When he kisses Sherlock with purpose – knowing what he wants and taking it – it is like a bomb going off in Sherlock’s brain.
brilliant mind in every hour of daylight and
“John”, he said with a nod, in that kind of low voice that only comes out at that time in the morning.
sent    20:26
We stood in the half-dark behind the curtain, for a moment not moving, just listening in awe to the erupting audience on the other side. Sherlock and I were in the middle, grasping each other's hands. Dancers in Hindu dresses surrounding us, still holding their poses from the last seconds in the spotlight. Rose petals raining over us.
But I need to, because I promised. This is a story about love, therefore this is a story about him. So I swallow, I raise my chin, and I type the name that Stamford told me for the first time in that dirty pub in Montmartre:
John smiles. “So would I. So the question is only in what way.”
Sherlock's eyes flicked between us, his mouth opening and a small frown appearing on his forehead.
At Moriarty's shoulder, the man in the black suit was hovering. I realised he must be Moriarty's manservant – and I didn't like the combination of this fact, the dramatic pink-feathered flight and the “urgent business” Moriarty had attended to. Now, while Moriarty still looked confused, the dead and indifferent gaze was instead worn by the man behind him.
Sherlock was just about to grab that lifeline and escape when John snapped into action again, grabbing the collar of Sherlock’s open shirt and he shook him once, hard. He screamed something into Sherlock’s face, only vaguely aware that the words were, “What the fuck?!” Sherlock’s eyes remained on the floor, unfocused. He didn’t respond. John’s fear and reactionary anger flared up again and he gave Sherlock’s collar another shake before shoving him backward roughly.
”I am allowed to feel frustration.”
Sherlock’s thought process completely shut down as John raked his fingernails down Sherlock’s long back, hard. He didn’t even realize he was coming until John’s hand on his cock loosened a bit, still stroking steadily as Sherlock’s come spurted messily onto them both. The noises Sherlock observed coming from his own mouth were controlled, sad-sounding whimpers instead of the screaming he felt inside his body. His eyes were screwed shut on their own accord, brows down as if he was in pain. All the muscles in his body were tense, locked up…and then every muscle finally relaxed. His body slumped foreword toward John again, who easily caught him.
Sherlock shifted his head to properly look up into John’s face. The look seemed to communicate that John didn’t realize what he was asking for. John was quite confident that he did. Sherlock was only trying to convince himself that surely, John couldn’t see that clearly into his soul. Fine, let Sherlock have that measure of comfort. For now. He used the hand that had been petting his head to hook under his arm, gently pulling until Sherlock took the hint.
Sherlock’s gaze lifted from his body’s reflection to meet John’s in the mirror before he answered, “No, John.” Underneath the thread of defensiveness, John was thrilled to hear just the faintest hint of awed pride.
Apologies for the delay, please enjoy.
His attention was snapped back to John as he pulled his phone from his pocket, and brought it to his ear as it began ringing. A phone call, now? Really? That scream threatened to break free again, and Sherlock barely managed to keep it in this time. No, he thought, trust John. Trust him. If this is punishment, take it. Do anything he wants.
Sherlock seemed confused but did as he was told, snuggling his back up to the couch between John’s legs, crossing his own long legs. His arse stung when he put his body weight on it, but orders were orders. When John slid one of his slippered feet into Sherlock’s lap, sole side up, Sherlock patiently waited until he received further instructions. He didn’t have long to wait. “Use the lotion, Sherlock, I rather fancy a foot rub.”
“Fuuuuuuuuuuuck.” Okay, maybe one word. And that wasn’t enough, was it? Sherlock’s eyes opened and he looked up at John, not faltering in any of his movements. “Sherlock…” How could he even express how he was feeling? John knew there was a good chance that Sherlock already knew everything he could be thinking, but that wasn’t fair to rely on. John had to be vulnerable and actually verbalize what Sherlock needed to hear. At the end of the day, he couldn’t actually read minds.
John nodded once and stepped away, releasing his hold. “Strip.”
Upon finding himself alone at last in a deserted bathroom and safely in the largest stall, Sherlock brought out the case of razor blades he hadn’t known why he grabbed that morning. It was in his hand and he was staring at it when John had burst into the bathroom, calling his name. Sherlock had felt a flare of anger, and snapped, “What?” John had seemed to hesitate at the aggression, perhaps second-guessing himself. There was a sound of shifting clothing as Sherlock realized that John was stooping to see where he was in the stall. Fuck. He was nowhere near the toilet, and facing the wrong way.
Something about the combination of noise, physical aggression, and now the space between them brought Sherlock back to the real world, where John was still there and apparently needed to be interacted with. Sherlock drew in a shaky breath, though he tried to hide its thin quality. His eyes were sharp and almost back to normal as he casually rearranged his open shirt to cover his hip. Using a calculated, light voice, he asked quietly, “What are the odds that you just…turn around and forget this happened?”
Sherlock sighed. “What happens when this situation arises in the field? We can’t just drop everything and lock ourselves in a closet for a quick flog and shag session, let alone a full therapy session.”
John simply sat there, watching his sleeping detective. A smile played around his lips. He thought to himself: This feels like the start of something new.
This time when Sherlock’s head snapped to the side, he left it there. His eyes remained closed and his breathing deep and slow. Then, laboriously, he opened his eyes and turned his head back to face John. There was a heat in his eyes that John had only witnessed a handful of times before, and that had been moments before he physically attacked someone. But Sherlock didn’t seem likely to attack…his body was actually relaxed, slumped up against the tub wall. There was something…suggestive about it. It didn’t help that Sherlock’s shirt draped open to show goosebumps and (Oh God) erect nipples. John wished that Sherlock would say something, but he didn’t. He just stared at John.
The next set of thoughts crashed right through the first. First, he noticed Sherlock’s strange hunched-over posture, his right hand loosely holding something small close to his left hip. Like he was hiding something and had been caught in the act. An act. What act? Secondly, Sherlock had not moved since John had started opening the door. He was as still and lifeless as he had been in the taxi, but there was a different quality to this posture. Combined with the wide eyes that were staring at him, John was able to identify the behavior, weirdly enough, as fear. In terms of fight-or-flight, Sherlock’s mind and body had decided to act as a prey animal.
sent    19:06
Molly 10:12
Sherlock’s frown deepens. “This is a delicate and unpredictable operation. New variables keep turning up, which makes the duration impossible to estimate.”
You're not coming back, are you.
“Obviously.”
John    14:20
I look… radiant. I don't know how else to describe it. I have never seen my face do what it currently does, and I cannot even pinpoint where the change lies. If it didn't sound so horrifically unscientific I would say there is a new glow behind my eyes. The closest I have ever come to this is the night John first moved in with me. But that was a light of hope; bright yellow, nearly white. This is the glow of coals, a deep orange of devotion.
The whole day went by and Sherlock didn't look at me once. I never saw him speak to Moriarty, I didn't even see them touch. But the fact that he never left the duke's side made it quite clear where he belonged.
They also wanted this before.
“Ships go by there, John.”
“He saved your life?” I repeated. “Thank you”, I added when she came over to my table and put the bread in front of me. She sat down in the other chair.
A stuttered exhale – could be a laugh or a sob or something infinitely more complicated – blows against a curl. Sherlock's skin tingles where John's face is.
“I didn't mean to-”
It fits so well in his hand. Sherlock makes sense in his arms in the mornings, in the evenings, within the four walls of their home. But Sherlock is male and it's not enough.
John pushes the door open and pauses.
sent    20:43
I know.
“No, you berk. The sausages.”
I'm sorry, I'm just looking out for you. John,
“Go away”, he muttered when he was done, but there was no sting to it.
“I have to send John away”, Sherlock finally whispered.
by David Baerwald
He lives, gasping when his chair falls backwards with me on top, grasping his collar.
“You…
I smile. “'Course I did. I've never heard anyone play like you. It was amazing.”
, I tell him, because I suspect that nervous new fathers might need to hear it.
John starts walking towards one of the flower beds. When Sherlock doesn’t immediately follow, John turns towardshim.
John hates cuddle sleeping. He needs space. In his youth there were some girlfriends insisting on falling asleep in his arms, and the few times he managed to fall asleep like that, he slept horribly. Eventually he learned to say no before it got to that. Sorry, he'd say, I need the space. They'd be disappointed, and he'd be well-rested and free.
Sherlock hesitates briefly before lifting his head. He looks guarded and vulnerable, eyeing John when he moves back up on the bed.
“To…?” Sherlock prompts.
“Zone?”
“'s more romantic”, he says casually, but his eyes are gleaming.
“Loves me”, she says triumphantly while plucking the last petal. She tosses the stem to the side and looks up at me. When she catches me watching, she smiles mischievously. “Do you need one of these, then?” She holds out another ox-eye daisy for me.
John releases him now and leans back in his car seat. A spark in his eye says he knows exactly what Sherlock is thinking about. Without a word, he finally starts the engine and pulls out of the parking lot, leaving Sherlock to starestupidly at him and his wondrous little mouth, wanting more.
on it. Has he really not told you this?
for this story. You don't want to miss this!!
, what is this?!”
In my mind's eye, I kept replaying every detail I could remember, holding on to them, burning them into the structure of my brain. The hint of his voice in his heavy breaths. The crease between his brows, the painful pleasure on his face. The mole under his jaw. Despite the uncertainty of what had happened between us, I felt a certainty in my very bones.
by Steve Sharples and sit with the story for a while.
The room is bare; the sofa is gone, as is the large rug and all her plants. There is a very noticeable absence of the Christmas tree that took up a third of this room last time he was here, and one wall is covered with scratch marks.
hair.
you? Why didn't you bloody say something? I
I closed my eyes and held him tighter, tears spilling onto my cheeks. “It's okay, Sherlock”, I whispered.
leash?
The silence in the room is palpable, not even the sound of a breath audible. John moves on to Sherlock's nose, and they have done this before, but at this moment every tiny motion is thick with meaning, holding John's lungs frozen.
I shrugged when I reached the landing. “That doesn't work on some people.”
Sat back down. Finally ate the takeaway. I had cried enough for it to taste like nothing. The clouds blew past us and revealed the moon properly.
Sherlock    16:49
Do I what? SH
“It's a love story.”
“What? Why in the world would you think that? You are utterly beautiful. And very sexy. If that’s okay.”
Stay away from my personal notes, Sherlock.
And it is. So here I am. Still haven't touched that razor, but I did change clothes. Not anything decent, really, just a vest with an old waistcoat thrown over it, but at least I don't smell now. My rooms are filled with a deep golden morning light, just like it was that agonising morning last autumn… and I am going to finish our story.
“John, I'm all right.” He cupped my jaw, looking into my eyes. His marvellous verdigris irises seemed to shift and shimmer. “I have you.”
If you visit Baker Street, make the
“Oh for Christ's sake.”
This is not a dream. And what's more: John is awake.
John looks different from here. Lying next to Sherlock on top of the sheets, he looks softer and more rumpled than Sherlock has previously had the privilege of seeing him. His nose looks different from this angle, too.
this afternoon.
“How sure are you?”
Sherlock's hands are trembling when he fumbles for his key card, not managing to open the door before John gets there. John takes the card from him, and Sherlock stumbles when the door falls open under his weight. John barely has time to close it behind them before Sherlock pushes at his shoulders, and the key card clatters to the floor when John gets on his knees and unzips Sherlock's trousers. He swallows Sherlock down, and a nearly agonised groan sounds in the pitch black of their hotel room.
John can't remember a time when he didn't feel drawn to Sherlock like a magnet. He thinks about their very first night, giggling together at a Chinese restaurant at one a.m. Even then, there was nothing he didn't want to know about this man. His eyes have been following Sherlock's every move since then, his head is filled to the brim with Sherlock; his eyes, his mouth, his hair, his grace, his open collar, his crisp shirts, his black trousers.
sent    04:36
I had forgotten where I was heading. Not wanting to eavesdrop any more on an obviously intimate conversation, I turned around and left the same way I came.
, he rasps. Still half-asleep he goes into the kitchen to prepare a bottle of formula.
Sherlock didn't usually beg me in bed, and the urgency of it almost frightened me. I lifted my head to look at him.
John sighs in contentment. “This is what I'm talking about.”
… But the waltz that William hums is a special one. I didn't like any of the versions found online, so I made my own recording! I'm extra picky with this one as I'm letting the boys borrow a song that “belonged” to me and my first boyfriend – it was when he played Lurkas that I fell in love with him. See why I chose it for the boys? If you want to hear me play it on my fiddle, you can find it on my Tumblr:
“It's about love, overcoming all obstacles.”
No, you think you can just come back after
I looked up at the teasing light playing in his eyes. “It's actually quite genius.”
“Sherlock, I've been drafting a new scene. It's- it's where the Hindu Dancer and the Penniless Sitar-Player meet in their secret hiding place and- and sing a duet. It would be helpful if you wanted to read out the Dancer's lines to me, I could make sure that I've-”
And then he said: “Me too. I knew telling you would probably make it more difficult for you. But I still wish I had.”
So he keeps talking. John is curled in on himself in that adorable way he has when he sleeps sometimes. He drifts closer to Sherlock, pulled in by the warmth maybe, or the familiarity of his voice.
“Pago Pago.”
He will have watched Sherlock’s back move beneath his jacket while he played.
The silence following is slightly too long and awkward, and John feels bad for joking about Sherlock's lack of experience.
Then you lay down on the sofa with your
And last time he was here, he brought someone with him.
Sherlock mumbles why he had to.
“Well, what they don't realise is that the Maharajah knows what is going on and lets it happen.” I was struck by inspiration now. The story was laying itself out for me like a path, and I only needed to follow it. “The Maharajah's soul is very dark indeed. He isn't satisfied with just having the Hindu Dancer as his own; he wants to destroy him single-handedly, he wants there to be nothing left in the Dancer's world but the Maharajah himself. He wants to be so deeply hated that the hate turns into love – then he will truly own the Hindu Dancer in every way. So the Maharajah lets him conduct his love affair with the Sitar-Player, because he believes love to be a weakness that will wear the Dancer down. He believes this will ultimately be the weapon that allows him to conquer the Dancer.”
The lurking men spilled onto the dance floor, one of them capturing Molly for his turn at the tango. Two others moved around them. They stole her from each others' embraces, walked her across the floor, twirled her away to keep her for a moment, pulled her in and buried their faces in her neck. One of them grasped her waist and lifted her up high, her chest opened and her head thrown back in a smiling, silent scream, offering her to the night.
“I don't want to-” His voice cut off and he raised his other hand, tracing one of the braces across my chest, following the path with his eyes. “I miss you”, he breathed. “I don't want it to end.”
my cheek so you can see yourself inside me
He lies in his bed, twisting and turning, until he sits up and parts the curtains. The street outside his bedroom window is lit by a lone streetlight a bit further down the road. The summer night isn’t entirely dark; the sky is a dull grey. It makes the sleeping village look like another place entirely.
I stare at her tiny, perfect nose. I stare until there is a crash from the corner of the cafeteria when a tray falls to the floor. She sleeps on, entirely unfazed by the whole ordeal. Someone marvels at how peaceful she is, and John chuckles.
“Nothing to do, John.”
It is.
“You this time”, he whispered into my ear, his fist grasping the back of my head, fingertips digging into my scalp. “Please.”
Sherlock's breath quiets in his chest, flowing carefully through his nose in reverent silence. He wants to get closer, but it seems so daring to ask for more than this; the one thing that he has never had and always wondered about. Just when one of John's hands moves to touch his hair, there is a call from the house.
I let my arms fall to my sides. With the motion of surrender, all power drained out of me. I was panting hard, and my left hand spasmed. Gregory slowly let me go. When I looked around, every pair of eyes in the theatre were trained on me.
have won – but the judge is the audience, and they are cheering for me. Fools.
John looks up into Sherlock's gleaming eyes. They share a gentle kiss – which ends when John's sore nose bumps against the iron again.
“Oh.” Sherlock has no memory of doing that. He spins in a half-circle on the spot, making his coat swirl around his legs to hide his mortification. “Car?”
by eden ahbez
I tried to catch his eye, but he avoided it, keeping his real reasons hidden. “We have to end it”, he repeated, because what good would it do me to keep risking everything by seeing him, only to be destroyed when he died?
John    14:04
“No, Sherlock, I'm too tired. It's big enough for both of us.”
sent    12:13
“She will never find them.” Sherlock's voice is deep with disdain. “She will eventually be forced to move, and she will take the poles with her.”
Moriarty looked after him, then slowly turned to me. His face didn't give anything away; a blank, dark mask, a dead stare.
It's not that I'm ashamed or anything like that. I just wouldn't know where to even begin to explain what he is to me. Somehow, I think that's something that can make sense only to me and to him. Because yes, I'm pretty certain he feels it too.
“Thought we could have another Bond night tonight.”
Sherlock leans back in his car seat and smiles. He has been back for months, but they haven’t talked like this since before he fell.
See, that's what gets me. You knew how much I suffered. You got my texts, don't tell me you didn't understand. I begged you to come back, I asked you if it was a scheme, I told you I
I lost my breath at the look in his eyes; wild and determined, burningly present. He parted his legs to wrap around my hips.
At five thirty, John is making lasagne. When Sherlock approaches, John dries his hands on a towel in the corner, and then goes to stand at the other side of the table. Sherlock frowns and follows him, but John just goes back to the other side.
He gave me quite the scolding on your
A very special thank you to those of you who have made creations of your own for the TIYS-universe:
“We won’t do
I think it would be good for me to face it.
He waits for the panic.
Warmth. Racing heart. Calm smile on my lips.
The sofa is not very spacious. This fact works tremendously well in Sherlock's favour. There is no way they can both fit on there without clinging tightly to each other; there is nowhere to go but burrowing into the warmth of John's knitted jumper.
“I am not gay!” The words tear loudly from his throat.
We managed to stay serious for almost one second, but I saw the twinkle in his eye when he heard the innuendo, and I couldn't help laughing. We tried to quiet our giggles, leaning forward to each other, foreheads touching. At once, my hands were at his waist and his arms were resting on my shoulders. I felt his body shake with silent laughter, dissipating the tension between us as if it had been nothing more than smoke.
Holmes stared into Sherlock's eyes without blinking. “He does not see it that way. He made a specific request of seeing you every night at eight, and a man such as he is used to getting what he asks for. Without him supporting you, you will be nothing.”
) – but Jesus, that's a frank night-wooing rhyme!
Where Sherlock had underestimated the rich duke, Holmes knew exactly what he was dealing with. Where Sherlock had miscalculated Moriarty's motives, Holmes had been aware of them from the start. Where Sherlock had missed the fact that he was in the middle of a dangerous game, Holmes knew how to play.
are planning an operation tomorrow. Should
“Eat it yourself, Holmes. The Virgin doesn't want it.”
Everything is acute in a way it wasn't in the hotel bed. Sensations flood Sherlock's consciousness and blend with the data he has filed from this morning until they settle in his mind, his bones, his blood. Making sense of it all, infusing it with reality.
He turned on his heel, walking a few steps away and teasing me nonchalantly over his shoulder: “
he'd seen it somewhere). Before he leaves, he almost walks over to the sofa to hug Sherlock goodbye.
He sank down onto a kitchen chair like he couldn't hold himself upright any more. I sank down into his neck, my forehead pressed against his bare skin, my hands grasping his unscathed upper arms. Tried to calm my breathing and breathe calm across the sore skin of his back. “I'm sorry”, I whispered.
It's so good to hear his voice again. I ask him a question about his latest musical experiment just to set him off, just to get him to pour an endless stream of that deep voice over me. The dusk slowly seizes the village. Inside, the candlelight flickers over the walls.
Shit, I'm so sorry.
killing himself, and forced him to look at the
“John, you don't know half of what is going on here. Stop being an idiot.”
He gets the queen bee into the hive, and at that point, many of the bees still on the branch are flying into the hive box. Sherlock keeps scooping the rest of them and is so focused on the work that when it is suddenly done, he couldn’t saywhether it has only taken ten minutes or two hours.
Is that all you did? Talked?
There's a ring on the doorbell, and the sound of the door opening, Molly's and Greg's voices drifting up the stairwell.
John laughs. “Good point.”
He took a step away, but my hand shot out to grab his. My face was turned to the floor to hide the battle on my features.
I leaned in and kissed her cheek in pure gratitude. I suppose I hadn't realised how worried I had been that she too would be gone by now.
Sherlock looks silently at their hands. “Neither had I”, he whispers and looks up at John once again. John watches him, his best friend, his beautiful lover, the funniest, sweetest, most brilliant, most blazing man.
It hurts so much to love him. And even so, I just keep… doing it. I love him. I love him. I love him. I
He looks so pained that I have to duck my head and laugh into his shoulder. “You're adorable”, I murmur before I can stop myself.
Sherlock's jaw muscles worked hard. “You're wrong.”
He takes a deep breath. It stays painfully in his lungs, refusing to release all the way when he rises from his chair. He looks at Sherlock, sitting motionless at the kitchen table, staring into his microscope.
As more people filled the dance floor, I couldn't stand still any longer. There was a large circle around me that nobody dared to tread, not even Mary. I paced along the edges of the floor, but watching the tango wasn't enough to distract me from imagining.
Sherlock was indeed at the Moulin Rouge that night, his presence confirmed by Moran himself.
“Sherlock”, John says quietly. Sherlock doesn't move. “That truly was extraordinary.” He looks at him, but Sherlock never turns his head, pretending John isn't even there.
“In Kamchatka it has”, Sherlock says, sitting down to stare into his microscope.
Sherlock    13:58
Sherlock has no idea what he is doing but it doesn't matter. His mouth feels amazing, his breath tastes divine, and his tongue grazes the inside of John's lips with single minded-attention. John is so turned on that he isn't sure what his pelvis is doing – he thinks he's at least managing not to hump Sherlock's thigh. But Sherlock is stirring restlessly on top of him, the hardness digging into John's hip making John ache to move against him. When Sherlock's tongue first touches his, he almost passes out from pleasure. John clutches his fingers tightly in Sherlock's hair, otherwise he doesn't trust himself not to grope Sherlock's bottom and press him in harder.
“Obviously not. It’s boring.”
John 11:04
I hope you do. But I love you even if you don't
My own ragged breathing was deafening in my ears. Sherlock was otherworldly, all high cheekbones and perfect curls, marble skin and expensive jewels. When he stood in the high tower in the arms of Paris' most powerful man, it was so obvious to me that he could never be mine. I must be a fool, writing poetry and songs and a whole bloody show for a man I was never meant to have.
“Piss off”, Sherlock mutters.
Sherlock comes to a new surge of firework-cracks, drowning out his gasps and spewing golden stars into the sky like some cheesy metaphor. John follows with Sherlock's cock still twitching in his mouth. His pants will be damp until he gets home, now; totally worth it.
relationship, but the cases and everything.
Would you prefer it if I visited you? SH
It wasn't until they were out of sight that I felt the soreness in my vocal cords, and realised that I had been the one screaming.
, for
“Don't imagine me a naive man, Holmes. You have no other investors, and you have already started the production. You have already spent money, haven't you – money you don't have. Not without me.”
“You've already thought about this”, I breathe. “You've- you've planned it.”
The doors to the balcony were open, and on the threshold stood Moriarty. The moon made the side of his midnight-blue suit white. The shadows were long and dark on the floor. Everything was in blue, black and cold white, except for the red windmill blades outside the windows.
John    10:12
“I know this is a lot to ask. I know we can't get married, so my offer will hold little value, but there's nothing I want more than to spend my life with you. In whatever way we can. I love you, William. I hope you love me, and if you do… maybe you can agree
One day, we found ourselves together on the sofa while watching telly. I don't know who got there first and who joined them, but it happened, and then it kept happening. And it's such a small step, it's debatable whether it's even a step at all, and if so, towards what.
The scowl disappeared from Sherlock's face along with the colour on his cheeks. His lips shook around an involuntary word. “John.”
– My writing soundtrack for this whole chapter!
“What, the first night?”
John's mouth closes reverently around Sherlock's lower lip, a contrast to his rough pulls on Sherlock's cock. Sherlock's breath rushes out of his chest as if in relief. He brings his free hand to John's neck to keep him in place, and John's fingers are in his hair.
“We could leave the Moulin Rouge.” When I spoke the words, I felt them releasing something that had been painfully tied in my guts. My vision cleared at the possibilities, and what had only been a vague hope before I spoke now seemed like the most obvious solution.
Turning back to his mirror, he picked up a lipstick from the table. He started to redo the make-up smeared during his fainting spell and pretended to ignore Holmes, who stood in silence, contemplating his words.
Gas chromatography in rosin analysis achieves good separation, sensitivity and selectivity, though a derivatisation step is required from the non-volatile resin acids which –
“What the hell happened?”
John    14:37
Sherlock scoffs. “I'm behaving perfectly for a sex holiday, John.”
I tightened my arms around his ribcage hard enough to feel his lungs trying to expand against them. When I kissed him again, he swayed on his feet, and I remembered that he was still in his heels.
He was so focused on saving himself, grabbing for the first available female to prove he didn't want the bloody love of his life. So scared, so confused, so busy not allowing himself to think beyond his orgasms that he didn't notice Sherlock was hurting. He wasn't even in love with her, stayed just to prove a point that no one except him cared about. He isn't sure even his upbringing by a homophobic father justifies the way his best friend's heartbreak slipped his mind.
I stifle a burst of inexplicable laughter. “Well then. The Bakar house, you say?” He nods in silence. I squeeze his hands to make him look up at me. “Bakar William. Will you marry me?”
I stopped just behind his back, close enough to feel the electricity from his skin through the thin silk of his shirt. His smell was humid, tinged with fresh sweat.
Sherlock sighed impatiently. “He's an idiot.”
John grabs hold of two railings to steady himself. He closes his eyes. It's staggering how amazing it can be just to listen to the sounds Sherlock makes. Just to witness this genius give in completely to his body, using John for his pleasure without self-consciousness. John lowers one hand into his own pants. Oh, it feels a hundred times better simply because Sherlock is here with him.
During the nights, when John is in bed, his room is dark and the air cool. He's never been a fan of classical music, and he's also never been a fan of noise in the middle of the night. But the way Sherlock's bow caresses strings of notes that John has never heard before, makes him feel like Sherlock's scent has followed him into bed.
She begs him not to give up on her. She tells him she can't lose him, not when a good thing has finally happened to her. John takes silent, strained breaths. He tries to finish the conversation, his chest tight and crowded under the weight of her sobs, but she panics.
decision based on what's good for you.
Harry's flat is too bright and too loud, the ceiling too high and the glasses too full. Harry's eyes are too wide and all the smiles are too fixed, Tori laughs too much and John breathes too little. His skin crawls, the row with Harry flares and passes, and he barely makes it until he can pull Tori away from the others and go numb between her legs.
“James!”
John stops. Sherlock struggles to catch his breath.
John    22:43
I had never loved. Not really. I had already suspected this, because nothing ever seemed to stick, not before Sherlock. Well, practising medicine did, and doing good in the army. Poetry, I have loved that for as long as I can remember. But caring for another human being enough to give them everything? I've certainly tried, but they have all slipped my mind when I wasn't paying attention. I've hoped I was in love, but it was now blatantly obvious that I never had been.
and you jumped. My heart is breaking for
Sherlock finally stopped, slumping against the wall with his hand on his stomach.
“Yeah, well I still think he's… He gives me a bad feeling.”
by Jule Styne and Leo Robin
Sherlock    13:55
Okay. That's good.
Do you?
John keeps brushing his fingertips over delicate skin, and Sherlock's head tilts, his lips coming into contact with John's. They both still. Their mouths rest, feeling each other through stillness. Calm exhalations tangle between them.
Sherlock    13:17
John    16:25
Sherlock finds himself telling John more stories from his childhood and is surprised by the intensity with which John listens. During his time away, he had forgotten what it’s like to have someone care about everything he says, simply because it’s important to
is a group of people who play folk music together, mostly on fiddle but sometimes on other instruments too. There's a very open and welcoming approach to this, where beginners are free to come and play with pros. The Swedish folk music culture has a pretty flat hierarchy like that.
“Well, you could have stayed awake to keep me company at least.”
Sherlock frowns. “Yours and mine both.”
He nearly spat on me when he spoke. I ignored his tone.
But he was there. We entered the dance hall, which might as well have been a wholly different room from the night before. Where the dark hardwood floor had seemed blank and polished yesterday, the light now revealed scrapes of wear criss-crossing it. A number of chairs were haphazardly placed on it, and sitting on them were yesterday's dancers, now clad in less-revealing clothes. I spotted him immediately, my eyes automatically seeking the back of a curly head. He was dressed in a full suit today, black and fitted.
Stamford's flat was about as decent as you'd expect it to be after the previous night. It reeked of stale alcohol and sweat, and there were bottles everywhere. I happened upon the sleeping forms of both Molly and Gregory before I reached the balcony where Stamford sat, watching the city awakening.
I have never felt the urge to reproduce; in fact, I know I will never have children of my own. She is it. Suddenly I wish that would make my parents into grandparents.
happiness. February 17
The Moulin Rouge kept spinning, spinning along with the windmill blades. Nothing could ever stop it. The music exploded in the main hall, fast drums and breathless brass, the dancers smiled and wiggled and the terrifying fall was forgotten.
“Well, that's a relief”, Moriarty said. “And then in the end, should someone… die?”
I said, “Why are you saying this?” He said, “I'm a fake.” I think.
That's not what this is. It's not a choice
“It's not that cold”, I say and force myself to take another step.
I take that back. You made me watch. You
I turned around, still with that stupid smile on my face. Sherlock stood unsteadily on the stage floor, head tipped back, mouth gaping. His gasp was sharp enough to slice through my skin.
“Sherlock”, he whispers, gently moving his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
But Sherlock scoffs again. “Spending Christmas at the house of an unemployed, intermittent alcoholic who's invited her brother out of obligation and is likely to spend the whole 'celebration' nagging him to see how much he will take before it escalates into a row? I don't think so.”
“No”, John says firmly through a smile, “he isn't staying.”
by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly
“You’d never have said it out loud before. And I didn’t even try to manipulate you into it.”
“I did see something…”, he started after a while. “There was something different. Something didn't quite add up.”
The eighteenth year, John and Sherlock go away alone for Sherlock's fiftieth birthday. John apologises that he didn't give Sherlock the whole fiftieth-birthday-package, Sherlock blushes at the reminder and John giggles into the skin of his throat. Sherlock pretends to mind, but ten minutes later he is wrapping his naked legs around John's hips and begging John to hurry up.
They're on their way home from their last case. Serial killer, took them four days to solve. John has been awake for so long that reality has taken on a shimmering, unreal quality. Sherlock seems to be unaffected as usual.
“Moriarty!” Sherlock exclaimed, taking a step back from me. “Good that you're back. Allow me to introduce you to the writer.”
Sherlock is actually sitting down when John gets back into the kitchen. John sits on the other chair, the anger and fear dulling blessedly when his hands steady to get to work.
“I'm Mary.”
Sherlock was alone in his dressing room. I was in a meeting with the composers that morning, and the ensemble was enjoying their coffee break.
When I'm not paying attention, and he isn't either, yes, fine, my eyes occasionally drift downwards.
Listen, I had this idea.
Sherlock    23:11
“Let's move to a bed, then”, Sherlock slurs without missing a beat.
It takes only a few hours until he's back, watching across the room,
his room.
I patted the seat beside me. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and stalked over to it without removing his coat, sinking low into the seat and folding his arms. “Let's just continue”, I said to the others.
“A meaningless piece of fabric-”
“Of course. I'm his doctor”, John says, his tired smile more genuine now.
William puts his fiddle into the open case and slackens the bow. I take the opportunity to stealthily admire his fiddle. It looks a bit odd, because it's covered in two different shades of varnish; there are uneven patches of a dark brown upon light, golden wood. Whoever made it must have run out of varnish in the middle of their work and finished the job with another hue. That won't affect the sound, though. If you know what to look for, which I do, you can see that this instrument is a masterpiece.
“Are you finished?” John teases when there is a pause for breath. “However long you talk, it won't stop me from noticing you can't tell me what this cookie will say.”
“Thank you”, I say with a little bow, and I join William in the corner.
Sometimes John gets this tight feeling in his lungs when Sherlock does that. When Sherlock is being so ridiculously, achingly, adorably
Moriarty cocked his head at him. “Shouldn't the investor know the story? Before he decides to… grace some underworld show-folk with his sexy money?”
I didn't realise how long and intimate our eye contact had been until Moriarty's voice pulled us out of it, an English sentence with a heavy French accent: “
Stamford looked up in surprise for a second, then fell back into his chair, defeated. “What's stupid.” It wasn't a question, but Sherlock was happy to answer.
I wanted
They fall silent, looking at each other. A slow, soft smile spreads across John's face. It makes Sherlock want to cry, it's so beautiful.
You know all about my multitasking skills.
“The work is the most important thing to me. That's the way it is and always has been.” He dipped his head slightly, looking at me. His eyes didn't shy away, and they had both the colour and coldness of ice. “I will do
“Are you letting your sweet curls loose for Moriarty?” Martha said, her voice calm though her hands were forceful, lacing his black corset with sharp, decisive tugs.
“And you're a coward, then?” I grin at him. He chews his bottom lip in a very endearing way. “We're going to get wet anyway”, I add. I undo the last button and pull off my shirt.
John    14:52
“Well, eventually it slipped between the mattress and the wall, and I forgot it was there. But, well, during the months when we slept apart, it felt nice to have a piece of you with me in bed.”
Will I be greeted with bored shooting at the
“Do you know where Sherlock is? I haven't seen him since rehearsal.”
“I'm not
His old swing is still up. Sherlock sits down on it in a burst of childhood nostalgia, not caring about getting his trousers wet. He feels John's fond eyes on his face, so certain and unwavering that Sherlock feels safe to look away and trust them to still be there. He tilts his head back to gaze up into the quiet canopy above him. The fresh green is still wet from the rain.
meant it, John.
“Not quite finished”, Sherlock sniffs, continuing at an even greater speed. How
John's heart pounds heavily in his chest. Sherlock doesn't shy away from the electric field of their eye contact, and it gives John courage to say the word, new and terrifying on his tongue.
Instantly swallowed up in sensations, John marveled at the softness of Sherlock’s lips. Those lips were gently returning his pressure, giving and receiving small kisses…Slow and hesitant at first, no lingering contact. Gradually, the pace quickened until brief kisses blended into each other into longer, more passionate kisses. The breathing of both men became faster. John aggressively moved closer to Sherlock, who remained wonderfully pliant and vulnerable. Breaking away from Sherlock’s mouth, John immediately dove for Sherlock’s long, pale neck, kissing and nipping at it possessively. There was a sense of ownership growing in John’s mind along the lines of, if I can claim him, I can protect him. I can keep him safe…from himself.
As soon as they had cleared the threshold, Sherlock slammed the door shut and crowded John against it with such force that the back of John’s head bounced off the door. He laughed softly in surprise but embraced the situation he found himself in, melting into the kisses that Sherlock pressed urgently into his lips. The faint throb from the back of his head felt like a trophy, earned and cherished. It was all John could do to return the kisses as Sherlock undressed him with a speed and precision that suggested that he had been forming a battle plan while they had been on the couch. John smiled against those dear lips. Brilliant.
The smut we've all been waiting for
Sherlock tried not to flinch, terrified that John would take the gentle contact away. Now that he had a physical touch to focus on it became his whole world. John’s hand made a broad, slow circle of his upper back, not affectionately, but still comforting. Grounding. It moved down to his lower back and slowed, and Sherlock had the wandering thought that John was looking at his arse. He straightened his legs before he could help himself. Presenting a better view. A better target.
Gently, hesitantly, John asked, “Can…Can I touch you?” It was a risky thing to ask, but Sherlock’s eyes remained soft and even looked a little curious. He nodded. John rushed to add, “I mean, touch-touch… you.”
Third, right on the heels of the others, came the thought of ‘He’s got a razor blade.’ This was accompanied by a feeling of being punched in the gut. John didn’t understand yet, but he had enough information, in just a few seconds, to be on high alert. And afraid. And then the final piece of information: There was a series of thin lines of scabbing on the inside of Sherlock’s left hipbone. And a few scars, impossibly white against the paleness of Sherlock’s skin. And a fresh cut, in line with the others, an angry red line with just a hint of movement as a tiny amount of blood seeped to the surface. John’s doctor/soldier-mind identified it as shallow and minor, an automatic triage process. John’s John-mind, however, stopped dead. His body stilled, imitating Sherlock, and his breathing seemed to lock up.
I rose from the bed, changing into a fresh shirt. I hoisted the braces onto my shoulders while staring into the mirror above the cracked sink. My jaw was set hard when I quickly put my damp hair in order. The lines of my face made me once again look like the damaged soldier who had been invalided home from war not that long ago. Somehow, that comforted me.
until he has Sherlock in his arms, for long enough that he can be absolutely sure they really did make it out of this case alive.
When I sat down with a polite smile, she smirked and leaned over the table, offering me a view into her neckline. “I like you in a waistcoat.”
Sherlock looks at him steadily. “I know”, he says in an emotionless voice. “That would be me; you are bisexual.”
to store. SH
After half an hour, there is another kiss. “Okay, what now?” John says when Sherlock backs away.
“Bart's. Experiment.”
“Oh. Hey.”
Holmes inclined his head, leaning forward in his chair. “A considerable sum, yes. We are quite grateful-”
Sherlock    22:44
Sherlock has never felt as powerful as now, knowing that he is able to put a look like that on John’s face.
“That's not what I'm saying”, I calmly replied. I walked up the stairs to the stage, never breaking eye contact. Finally,
Sherlock    14:03
William told me then that it's tedious to play for people who don't bother to really listen to the music. That the average dancer doesn't inspire him to play off what they're doing.
I am floored by the truths coming out of his mouth. It sounds so… uncomplicated. In his voice, it sounds simple and beautiful. No one has ever seen me that way before. No one has ever brought my contours into light like this, and it's dazzling.
“I am.” Sherlock stopped in front of the mirror, tying his robe closed.
A malicious glint sparked in his eyes. “I only danced with you to prove a point.”
“Are you joining me for supper?”
“You can't do that”, I answered him calmly, ignoring the stab in my stomach when our eyes met. “If you want to, we can look it over together, but-”
I kept watching him, my hope growing stronger. “Will you come back tomorrow night?”
is what I said.
Sherlock's eyes went wide at Holmes' grim tone. He opened his mouth to speak, but Holmes wasn't finished.
But what would it be like if John actually returned the sentiment? If he actually tended to every ache in Sherlock’s bruised heart and remained here, even when Sherlock was convinced that he would leave?
“Two minutes until midnight. I can't believe I listened to you.”
“Where did you get that from?” Molly asked in awe, while Stamford hastily scribbled down my words.
Life was somehow… so much bigger, freer,
“Yes, I will. I can tell when you're lying.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes even harder at the bottle of wine John places in his hands, then puts it on the closest surface and forgets about it. It was much too expensive for John's budget, but he couldn't stand giving Sherlock some cheap crap, even knowing Sherlock wouldn't give him anything at all. He doesn't even mind that. Sherlock will be Sherlock, and John will be here to love him for it.
Don't stop! Please, keep- aaah-” He crawled over the floor, grabbing a soft carpet and wrapping it around himself messily. “More! Say it-”
Greg    16:07
He hummed vaguely without turning to see who it was. “Not at all”, he said. “This whole show is silly.”
“Come on, John!” Sherlock shouted over his shoulder. I was right behind him, cursing and panting. He didn't need to beckon me; he'd
John gently guides him to lie down, and Sherlock pliantly obeys. His breaths are even and deep when John takes off his shoes and socks. He hesitates for just a moment above Sherlock's fly, then tells himself he's ridiculous; he
“John!”
He wades through the shallow water to reach my side, and I fight to ignore his nakedness. There's no reason I should look anywhere but his face. There's no reason I should want to.
“Goodbye, John.”
Sherlock feels dizzy. “I’m not doing anything.” His voice sounds breathless. “You’re the one who was insane enough to kiss me.”
Sherlock is still awake, and he's sulky, ignoring John and stomping when he walks barefoot across the floors. John leaves him alone and readies himself for bed. When he enters the bedroom, Sherlock has also moved to the bed, eyes already closed. John lies down beside him with a contented sigh – it was nice to be out, but it's nice to come home too.
“Your feet must be tired”, I murmured, pressing my nose into a hard cheekbone.
Mary    14:18
They still are.
Sherlock    13:05
“Well, if I fall asleep you'll be bored and sleep too.”
John closes his eyes and gulps down air, steeling himself. “You know I was…”
“Oops!” she gasped, clasping her hand to her mouth in mock horror. “I mean
No, you're amazing always.
He was holding a familiar bundle of papers. He didn't so much as glance at me when he passed me by, but there was something in the way he subtly increased his pace that made me further examine the script in his hand. The myriad of notes on the front page were written with a pen I recognised.
Soft music played when I opened the black door. Otherwise the house was quiet and still, dust particles hanging in the air in a ray of sunlight from the window by the stairs.
Sherlock opens his eyes to the empty Baker Street living room. This could never happen if Mike were still there. John would not kiss him, and Sherlock wouldn't deliver those deductions in the first place; the experience of being involuntarily outed is not something he wishes upon someone else.
Is that so? How many do you have left?
He put the bottle back down with a clank, shoulders rising and falling with a deliberate breath. When he turned to me, he had composed his expression to an exaggerated sultry smile, one eyebrow arched. “Perfect.” Never breaking his gaze on me, he went over to the bed and lay down, his negligee falling open over his smooth legs. “Come here, then, and get it over and done with.”
John places a tender hand on Sherlock's neck to kiss him. He allows himself to close his mouth slowly around Sherlock's lips, tasting him carefully. Sherlock keeps a distance between their bodies, but John puts his other hand on his lower back and pulls him in.
John looks up at Sherlock when he arrives. “You obviously didn't need me”, he points out, “since I have been out here for the last fifteen minutes.”
“No, that’s what I’m saying.” John pauses. “I haven’t seen anyone since you fell, you know. I’ve been rethinking some stuff for the last two years.”
I stroked my hand over his bare backside, up the length of his spine. His skin was dry and hot. I slid my hands down again, almost too distracted by his indecent state of dress to notice him working on my belt. His flesh was so soft under my hands, so perfectly shaped for my palms, that it pained me; I couldn't find a way to get enough of it.
“Yeah, like what?”
Are you still home?
, no”, Sherlock mutters, still defensive.
It's not forbidden to find someone new when your spouse dies. But it doesn't change the fact that you're married to that person. You carry them with you. You move on, you love again if you're lucky. But you never divorce that first person.
is no reason you should be informed of the
whatever mistakes you make. I'll love you
want. But I didn't want to do what everyone else did to him every night, intruding and taking as if it didn't matter what they gave back.
The Hindu Dancer was surrounded by worshipping peasants. He was raised into the light, and there stood Gregory in the Maharajah's attire, holding up the expensive diamond necklace. It was even tighter now from being put back together after Moriarty broke it. The lock snapped shut around Sherlock's throat, and he was carried to the front of the stage. Gregory advanced behind him, wrapping his arms possessively around Sherlock's gaunt body.
“See you tomorrow”, I whispered.
He was twenty-six years old, and he was going to die.
He was laughing even before I reached him, holding up his script as a useless shield when I launched for him.
I reached out with my free hand, letting it slide up the side of his neck briefly. His skin was hot and sticky with sweat. I grazed my thumb along his cheekbone, and his eyelids fluttered once. This close, his eyes were swimming with blue, green and grey.
"These bandages are stiff, but I still want out of these clothes. I've sweat too much in them and it's too warm in here. I don't mind the bandages and cleaning, but that was a bit more than what I've done in a good while" Sherlock said,leaning against the back of the elevator. John put a palm on Sherlock's head. No fever, but sweaty and starting to get jitters. Oh yes,big adrenaline come down. John knew all of the symptoms well,and felt refreshed during times like that, but Sherlock was not John. Regardless,he knew Sherlock would feel a lot of the effects from the up close tackling and fight tommorow morning as well.
" I know you were concerned,I know where your eyes kept going. An idea about your thoughts." He swayed closer and looked John in the eyes."Now that the case is over, I can afford to be  distracted".
"Among other things"
It had mostly seen Sherlock,who sometimes also conversed with it at times,but it had no way to answer back.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
He called up to the front room of the hotel,and was told to leave a bag of clothes in the hallway by the door. It would all be dry-cleaned for him and back to him in an hour.
Donavon stepped closer to them,giving John a glare.
Sherlock had gotten both coffee's in topped off to go cups. He leaned closer to John.
"Tsk tsk tsk, no use in that. You're up early, but I'm sure old habits die rather....hard. Which you always have had little use for,but now? Soon you will have less motivation and less company. Either that or your beautiful mind will get even sharper with no distractions at all"! Was being told to him in the same familiar sing-song voice.
Lestrade got into the front seat of his car, with the suspect cuffed in the back. He rolled the window down and looked out at Anderson. "Get that recording to the office. I'll be there soon with the papers after this one" he pointed behind him, " Gets behind bars. I'll call and tell them I'm on the way so everyone can drive thier own cars back and we can meet back up at my office."
" Not so much bring it, although when I have been severely injured, I have cared even less on who I killed in my healing. It makes it harder to ignore,and easier to get carried away with. I don't want to accidentally kill you"
"You know, when I looked up what this holiday is, aside from a reason for bars everywhere to make money, I found a few interesting tales" Sherlock said, looking down the street and accepting the cup of coffee John had made and walked over with for each of them.
"Oh, I'm a game designer and professional beta tester" Amber said,then waved at a waiter.
It was some time later,after Sherlock had given John one of his robes and had fixed tea for both of them. They were seated in their own chairs, and had the now empty tea cups on the table.
John was unnerved that he did have to talk to Sherlock as he would one of his patients, but if that's what it took to clarify whatever this is...
Lestrade was there, and had the suspect cuffed and in his car while Anderson was right by him, Sherlock, and John.
He could see the sympathy in Irene's words. The two have been even matches at times, but they still worked on different sides of what is often fussed at as legal,moral,or in this case, lawful as well.
He cut the wrapping from Sherlock's mouth, and kissed him before waving a man dressed in scrubs over to them.
When both pairs of feet were precariously on the landing, Sherlock patted John's shoulder, smiled, and told him, "Next."
Much as Sherlock seemed flustered,as soon as they were out(and thunder was light, because it had started raining) 999 was called and they were in an ambulance to the hospital.
At first, Moriarty was disappointed, because an empty box opened itself for him and stayed open. Nothing seemed to happen.
"So, despite not having a grey hair on your head,you are going to parent ME. No relaxing in a way you don't approve of,I can just get stupid drunk in my own apartment or you'll take anything fun away" John got up and walked towards the stairs,only going up a few before sitting on the stairs and tearing up
Ok,this started out as a short chapter on what the skull sees,then I've noticed several writers here have been writing more on the smutty side lately (no shame,so do I at times) and felt like playing around more with the shifter tales I want to branch out with later. Since I've already mentioned none of this is linear, this would take place after Sherlock gets the ability to shift into a fox,and is trying to make sense of suddenly having kitsune tendencies and instincts,but John is still human. There's no joke that Sherlock could easily kill him with one of his feedings,but John has had a lot of held back and bypassed sexual energy he keeps having to put on a back burner. This is what is fed on, so he's not exactly helpless. He's only human. For now.
After a minute of quietly sobbing,John backed up and cleared his throat.
Right then, another flash was reflected and the boom and rolling started.
Those that tried to mix it with a different rush,so Sherlock would know to get his injected rush,he would have to give them...head,sex,whatever it took as a means to an end.
This will not be unusual for John at all, and in the end, he will not need to go through all of the blankets and quilts for some time.
Near the end of the ladder, Sherlock jumped over and onto a window washing high rise, getting right next to the rope pulleys and waving John over.
Sherlock stretched his arms and popped his back. "If we practice and do this correctly,we can put on a show without hurting each other as well."
Or this might still be a terrible wreck,we shall see!
He unlocked the chain holding Sherlock's waist, and slowly pulled him down.
It was decided that because 221B is an older building,and the hospital has plenty of back up power options,he should stay where he would be available for emergency cases. He would have warm,(but bland) food and drinks, and he can be put in que to get to a working shower everyday (but be curtious, because there was a line with the entire camped out staff sharing reasources. He felt he did not miss THIS from his service days!)
Sherlock woke and peeked downwards. Apparently the warmth he held onto, wrapped around his neck belonged to a familiar pair of arms that smelled like John.
They soon half jumped, half crawled in the back before getting strapped in.
Looking over, Sherlock had taken the packed folder with him. Leaving John to carry both fully packed bags.
"Everything we need John, now let's go home," Sherlock said with a calm smile.
"Were they related?" Sherlock asked.
The legs and seat parts should burn into long lasting heat retaining type coalish bits.
He wouldn't be here until late tonight, because between the cold season, and staff shortage,he will be over his head at his job.
"That really narrows down almost nothing, unless it will be a long night going through public records" Greg quietly told John,who shook his head.
Who had 'Carl' pinned,and armor partially unbuttoned to reveal a very female,very slender figure.
John saw a bellows set near the what looked to be an empty stove. He opened the door, then rolled his eyes to get wood stacked in front of a partial wall by the kitchen as another boom and roll of thunder could be heard.
After John called both orders in,they started discussing what they knew, through books and experience,how tolerance works physically for individuals.
"And what is that,with your sword behind you? Are you through with this practice?" John eyed him over, suspecting.
"Thank you John, I kept the sugars on top of the refrigerator, because our daughter definitely has your determination. I can get just enough if you fix the coffee and hand it to me."*yawn*
John waited a few minutes,then knocked on room 442.
"Did you do any more experiments?" John asked, amused.
"This should help with the anger, and you can later help me with these skin sample alterations."
In his mind,John figured he will start the clothes when the shower is over with, and maybe it's a good thing many have been staying home with the snow. He smiled,knowing there will be a fire going and Sherlock in a sheet for some time,(at least until his clothes got rewashed) and not many chances for anyone to be knocking on the door. At least until the weather started clearing up.
He took a breath and tried to calm himself. Things were better now.
Well, it had been a long time since he last let that part of himself surface,but John Watson could be very direct when need be.
John turned and looked back with a worn out look before the corners of his mouth started to perk up, despite the worried eyes.
He solved the case by walking along thier blind son's sensory trail, and finding where,as it was expanded as he got older,it crossed with another trail made by ones who didn't want to be easily seen for what they were doing.
"Someone who feels unappreciated wanted an audience it seems. This is the 5th scene like this found, but this is the first one found on this side of London." Sherlock said, looking closer at the painting found that took up a large part of an alleyway,both sides.
"John?...John!" Sherlock could be heard. John propped up and waved him over from the doorway.
Mycroft held the door open slightly and whispered towards Sherlock. " Both clothes being cleaned? And you still have band aids still on your arms even with the shower. Must have been a wild night for both of you"
His foot hit what felt like a large bell, and he stopped. He had never noticed anything large, metallic,and an odd shape in this part of the area before. Could be new,could be...
"You got plans for a fighting tournament that will be held underground,taped, and broadcasted overseas. We have to fit in with this, outperform professionals, and rescue the men we are trading places with without actually hurting the star of this show?"
'You see,but you do not observe'.He heard the familiar fussing he had heard many times from Sherlock,now in his mind. He closed,then  opened his eyes, and let himself be calmed by the fact there was not a timer this time.
" I have never been bored by you Sherlock. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, and if you change your mind, we can pretend something never happened. I think we need energy before doing anything else. As your doctor, sugar will not be steady enough." John then grabbed the pamphlet and looked through the menu." Would scrambled eggs with patties sound good,or would you rather have the whole grain keto oatmeal here?" Sherlock pointed to the latter option. "That's good, I can call this in,then we can talk about the theories you have so far." John said with a smile.
Sherlock smiled and did a quick wash before  throwing the washcloth into the dirty clothes. He then got under the blankets, and made a space he patted beside him.
As the ambulance started leaving,picking up speed as it got on gravel, John found a pair of earmuffs to put on Sherlock.
"Will you stir,and throw a leg in the fire John?" Sherlock said, pointing to the stack but not stirring or looking away.
John looked him up and down, concerned.
"She fell asleep around 3. Before noon I wrapped up and texted Lestrade details of the case we were given that went into more they didn't think to look into or worry about that solved what was needed!" Sherlock said, rolling his eyes in a hushed whisper "then we went to the park,danced,told stories,had a late dinner and tea party, and I was just working through modes on the violin. Got carried away and she fell asleep. I gave her my coat and let her be. Oh yes, a woman stopped by earlier,she was looking for you" he ended with a smirk.
After the door was closed, Sherlock was quick to get out of his coat,shoes,slacks, everything. Tossing it all along a corner chair before at last trying to take off his long sleeved shirt that was over the bandages.
John jerked his hand back and just looked. The pulse in Sherlock's leg still jittered off and on,and further up?
"It didn't go well" Sherlock stated the obvious fact bluntly.
Fortunately, on leaving the hotel,John went ahead and tipped them with the same card. He wasn't an ungrateful guest, and for once,he didn't have to worry about cleaning the messes left behind there.
"Now if we could get a boat rented to get there, we would have many eyes on us, not just Greg's! Where do we even go from here?" John gave an irritated growl.
He had found a ring made from a metiorite long ago. A few months before that, he was close by helping to look for cameras or anything tech or off while Sherlock made small talk with a well known jeweler.
John came back downstairs, and at least for now, the falling ice could be heard less.
John walked over, got cups for both. Then got the right sugars and milk in each one.
I went to a coffee place with my notes and plans to map out and put something else together,but being reminded I wasn't quite through here yet just left me with something I couldn't leave alone
"The emeralds and information were not destroyed in the fire either! We don't have much time before they will be taken from this hiding place ending in Lundy, and you just don't want to do the paperwork!" Sherlock started pacing and rubbing his face.
Anderson wove his hands over the crime scene,then had his fingers make a sign.
"But I will be meeting up with someone I was set up to see tonight!" John turned angrily at Sherlock.
He finished his latest text,and went to tend to said fireplace. After nudging with a metal stick, he saw coals leftover from hardwood still lit,but smoldering, and looked at the shrinking stack of firewood out of the way nearby.
Poplock told her she was to spend the night at Molly's tonight. Molly's again! They would just be watching cartoons and movies with popcorn when Rosie was so happy to have both parents home again!
“I have been clean since I moved here.”
At nine p.m., they are in the middle of a parlour game. John kicks Sherlock's ass with it, and Sherlock kisses him with the sourest “Happy New Year” a human is capable of. Mrs Hudson looks confused.
He was gone so fast. Felt like they were running, but I can't be sure, my head was hurting and I couldn't sit straight. Someone held me and then I was standing and everyone was gone. I was alone. It was only me, alone.
“Yeah, but-”
by Sting
We accuse each other of not understanding, but the truth is we do both understand, it's just too painful to think about it.
The forty-ninth year, they fight over who gets to die first. John wins, arguing that Sherlock already died once so it would only be fair. Sherlock reluctantly concedes his point, and then he grieves it for days until John pinches him hard on the upper arm to make him realise John is not gone yet. He is still quite healthy, in fact, and proves it by taking Sherlock to bed.
She disagrees. When she starts screaming I rise from the sofa, shushing her gently and falling into the waltz-steps again. John appears bleary-eyed from upstairs.
It's taken in our living room. Right on the middle of the rug we're lying, Sherlock, Gladstone and I. Gladstone is in the middle, Sherlock is spooning him and I have his paws pressed against my torso. Our arms are wrapped over him, reaching over to rest our hands on one another. We're all asleep, but our faces are bright somehow, as if we're smiling. Especially Gladstone. But he always looks like he's smiling.
“In the parking lot.”
”, he said, and though I knew he was acting, my heart still clenched. I took a step forward, reaching a hand out.
The simple request hit me painfully in the chest. My eyes fell closed when I gathered him into my arms. The fabric of his dress was stiff and cold under my hands. I pressed my palms against his back, feeling for proof of warm skin under the thick garment. He burrowed his face into my neck, somehow managing to make himself small despite his height.
It's the last Sunday before Midsummer. The nights don't get dark now; the sun hovers above the mountain ridges for what seems like hours every evening. Then it dips just below the horizon, leaving room for a grey haze in the valley, only to rise again a couple of hours later.
“Both. Oh, god, both.”
He whimpered above me.
sent    21:00
He wasn't prepared. He flinched, and for a terrible, blessed second I felt grim satisfaction instead of agony. Stamford got up, grabbed his coat and left.
I stared at him, trying to fit what he was saying into reality. It made no sense.
John keeps moving his thumb, not willing to move away from the heat increasing lower down Sherlock's pants.
Your love of dogs is adorable, you know.
In John's bed at night, they talk. There are no filters for words between them.
“Sooner or later Moriarty will find out too.”
“Okay then”, he says, fingertips moving a bit against Sherlock's scalp. “Are you ready?”
John smiled. Glanced at him briefly before looking back at the landscape outside.
The next time I became aware of my surroundings, it had become dark outside. I had written several new scenes, and I just needed to polish them up a bit before packing the typewriter in its case and heading home. But then the door opened and in came a woman with curly, dark-blonde hair in a knot.
Just as long as I didn't have to stand alone at the foot of the castle, waiting while my beloved was betraying me with another man inside.
“Yes, John, really. Happy New Year.”
“Yes, alright? Yes. You did all those things for me before we got together. I just wanted to show you I did it too.”
I just miss it all so much. Not the
is important to me.” Every trace of a smile was gone from his face, and I recognised the hard and arrogant man from the stairwell after the party that first night. “I told you before; all I care about is the work. Music, art, acting. It is the only thing that lights a spark in this dull existence.”
The dancing couples twirl past me in an anti-clockwise circle, and in the centre of the dance floor stands the fiddler himself. He's an old man, probably in his sixties, with white hair and a thick beard. He's not much taller than I am – which is pretty damn short, to be frank – but when he plays the fiddle like
means literally “silk lake”.
“Well, because it's yours.”
(Polska from Svartnäs) – Here's what a spelmanslag sounds like!
John's lips are cool from the outside air.
But then comes a muffled “John” from the pillow, and John's heart fills with tenderness. Sherlock is so sweet and childlike like this, and John can't deny him anything. He would follow him to the end of the world and beyond – surely he can follow him into a bed and spoon him if that's what he wants.
I woke up when the first ray of sunlight hit the windowsill. Sherlock was curled up in front of me, his forehead against my breastbone, still asleep. My arm was slung over his waist and my nose was in his silky hair.
, a man hoarsely sang, and Stamford and Molly danced merrily together in the middle of the floor. I saw Gregory standing by the balcony window, leaning into a woman with his hands in near-indecent places. He wasn't the only one; two women in the corner had their tongues down each other's throats and their hands in very indecent places, not nearly as discreet as they probably imagined they were.
“Yeah? Whatever you want.”
John    14:02
“I need your help”, I told him, and handed him the page.
to text this number any more, I'm just.
John watches him over the rim of his water glass, gaze lingering longer than is customary between friends. His eyes steal all the colour in the room, absorbing every hue of the spectrum and transforming them into the bluest of blue.
“Wait, let me just, first, let me…”
And I didn't want to hurt him, not in any way, not even for pleasure. I didn't want to pierce him, to intrude on him. I wanted to lay my hands on him in a way nobody has in three years. I wanted only pleasure for him, pleasure so kind it's practically unbearable.
After a while he hears Sherlock get up from the couch and pad over to where John is standing. He presses his chest toJohn’s back and winds his arms around his waist. John sighs contentedly to the feel of Sherlock’s large hands resting on his belly and chest. Sherlock nuzzles his cheek against John’s hair, and John turns his head for another kiss.
“I am not those things”, he said quietly.
John.
He knows from the way John's weight evens out between his feet that he got it right; John is desperately bored. He is completely starved of mystery and surprises. So Sherlock makes sure to keep surprising him, never giving him a chance to keep up with their conversation, baffling him over and over again. John's cane sits loosely in his hand, and Sherlock brushes past him, adding the absurd line about a riding crop in the mortuary just to solidify the impression.
” His prosody changed. “
And in the heart of the heart, on the dark wood of the dance floor, lived a pulsing prism. Red silk gloves reaching the elbows, orange and yellow hair flowing like spring brooks over bare shoulders, green skirts with blue insides flashing in the cancan dance, indigo stockings and violet lingerie exposed. Pale skin, dark skin, girls, boys, everything in between. Young, old, slim, fat, dwarves, tattooed, innocent, indecent, dancing wildly, hovering quietly.
Because this, this was love, and nothing even came close to it.
I grin. “You're challenging me?”
“Fine. Let’s toast sausages.”
He bit his lip, considering whether to speak.
He looked back and forth between my eyes, and when I shifted on top of him, his eyes slammed shut. “Anything”, he said, the word nothing more than a breath.
I was already bereft of my breath when a single voice floated from above, deep and secretive.
“I know. And Mycroft knows it, so really, I don't know why he is so obsessed with this particular duke…”
I saw it in Moriarty's eyes, that he finally looked and saw the soldier. He saw something of what Sherlock saw. He saw something deep and consuming between us that it was too late to quell. And he knew that he had made a mistake in allowing me in his game for so long.
Sherlock    14:34
This is where category 7 would be applicable
”, Sherlock blurted in English.
John turns then, giving him a slightly amused look. “Yes, you can. We've shared a bed before.”
Thing is, it's YOU.
His laughter morphed into a cough. When he had calmed, he looked up at me gravely.
Sherlock swallowed and blinked hard, but otherwise didn't let his face betray anything. “I have no choice.”
You don't get to say my name. You don't get to unlock everything you forced me to lock in. You don't. You bastard. You.
The flat was silent. Sherlock's arms were heavy on my back. The sweat made our skin stick together, and his semen was drying between us. I disentangled myself from his arms, and he readily let me go. His eyes were closed. I left him on the bed and went to clean up and get dressed.
The ache in his chest was searing. Suddenly, he heard himself gasp for breath. Sharp wheezes cutting his ears but no oxygen in his lungs.
“Well, I'll see you at rehearsal”, he said with feigned nonchalance.
(The Last Polska) – This song is from my favourite CD of all time. As is obvious from the name, it's the last polska they dance to that night.
“Naturally. Never in a million years would I voluntarily spend another Christmas with that pig.”
“Happy anniversary”, Sherlock says softly.
Now, I've been trying to stay in the background in all this, but it seems I won't be left alone until I make some kind of statement, so here it is.
The courtyard was dimly lit, the elephant dark and silent. My feet rustled the dry leaves covering the ground. I felt like the smallest man on earth when I stopped beneath the tower, shivering behind my upturned collar, hands balled into tight fists in my pockets. Slowly I raised my head.
“You had a brother?”
It wasn't until I opened my mouth that I realised that the poem I'd just fabricated, had been following a melody in my head. It was Stamford's composition, the one that had kept me company during my university years and never left me since.
There is no mistaking this. John looks at him as though he is a wonder, as if he cannot believe his luck sitting here with Sherlock eating his morning eggs.
The words choked off my laugh, making my breath stutter when I managed to keep them in, almost too late.
“I like
He watched our hands. They were loosely entwined, my thumb caressing the back of his hand. He looked as if he had never seen anyone touch another person in that way.
“It's the sort of scenery that should be appreciated together, don't you think? Would you… would you care to join me?” Sherlock sounded shy, walking over towards the heart-shaped opening.
“Moriarty holds the deeds to the Moulin Rouge. He has exclusive right to your sexual services. He's spending a fortune on you, he wants to make you a star. Here's your one chance at becoming someone, and all you have to do is court this duke.”
with Maria Mena.
Then I just couldn't stand it any more so I slid my hand into his hair. The reaction was immediate, just like the night when I came to him and touched him. His eyes fell closed without effort, his lips parted around a heavy exhalation. I moved my hand slowly through his soft curls, and his face lost decades before my eyes. He looked like an innocent, vulnerable, untouched boy. He stilled, a hint of colour came back to his cheeks and his lips, and after a while he fell asleep. I kept stroking his hair until I fell asleep too, and I woke up still tangled in it.
”, Sherlock repeated, trying to watch me without being obvious about it. “
Yes, and then:
John shifts subtly. A few inches to the left puts his right thigh just barely between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock tries to pretend this isn't unbearably arousing.
I look at him, but he's not looking at me any longer. His eyes are closed while he plays
Midges come out when the sun is gone, and we finally go inside. We all start preparing for bed; all but Harriet and our mother, who wrap themselves in scarves to protect them from the midges. They're going back outside to pick seven flowers each. This is a tradition that my mother insists on continuing, even though she married a long time ago. There's something about the magic of the summer solstice, she says, that she just can't bring herself to miss out on.
“The extra key to the gate. It's in her desk drawer.”
“I thought we could celebrate the new year.”
of thing.
He speaks slowly: “I'm trying to understand how… how it's possible. To be the way you are. You're not like anyone else I've ever met.”
Sherlock sighs deeply, and John can see the tension in his muscles release. “In the curtain poles.”
Likely. SH
I sheepishly scratched my neck. “Yeah. I decided to finish the story. And then… well.” I shrugged.
“Clearly, you're an English army doctor recently invalided home from service. Your left arm has been injured and you have a psychosomatic limp – or perhaps I should say
John grins. “How?”
Is it working?
He's my boyfriend.
“I'm not asking you”, I said tightly.
Out of nowhere, a script came to lie on the table.
me. I'm not as clever as he is, I can't
He wore his suit like armour, his chin high like a soldier, as though he needed to be prepared for battle even in the privacy of our rehearsals. And battle he did; towering tall above everyone in the room, forcing us to bend our necks to meet his eyes, he demolished all of us with his words. His voice was unrelenting, yet it was smooth like honey and deep enough to caress my very bones.
“Oh, yes”, Moriarty said, sounding bored. “Very exciting.”
“Save some for midnight”, John chuckles and grabs his paper back.
I put my hands on his waist, sliding them under the open coat and pulling him in. Through two cotton shirts, I could feel the warmth and solidity of his chest against me. Of their own accord, my hands found their way to the spaces where they fit so well; his shoulder blades, the nape of his neck, the dip of his spine. His body was so familiar at this point, so
The room was already full of steam, clouding up the mirror and making the air thick and slightly oppressive. The humidity had already started to take its toll on Sherlock. His thick black hair had separated into individual, tight curls, and a slight sheen of moisture made his skin shine. John could see this because Sherlock was not in the shower stall as he had previously thought. Sherlock was standing by the shower in his dark pants and dress shirt, though the shirt was open (John noticed briefly that the fly of pants was open as well and the pants were tugged down a bit to reveal sharp hipbones, but he didn’t linger there, no sir). All these thoughts came to John simultaneously, as well as a sense of embarrassment. He had meant to dash in and out, maybe never even noticed by his flat mate who was supposed to be behind a curtain and surrounded by loud, rushing water.
“Hmm,” Sherlock rumbled, the vibrations traveling into John’s chest. It was at once very comforting and deeply arousing…John snapped out of that line of thought, trying to concentrate only on Sherlock’s answer: “Deeply tired, I suppose. Calm. And also like I’m recovering from some sort of illness. It should be terrible, but it just…is.”
“Don’t,” came John’s terse reply immediately. “Just don’t, don’t fucking joke, Sherlock!” His voice gained volume with each word, yelling the other’s name. “This is not something you joke about! This is…” His voice lowered as he hesitated, “This is…”
The silence he got in response said everything, but John had to be sure. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock couldn’t have known what exactly he was agreeing to, but in a show of trust toward John, he nodded once. Almost immediately, John turned the bathroom light on, purposefully leaving Sherlock no shadows to hide in. Sherlock’s eyes widened and his breathing quickened, but when he locked eyes with John in the mirror, he seemed to still. John suspected he knew what Sherlock saw there, which was the pride and a stern kind of love that was encouraging John through this process of causing pain. After a few heartbeats, Sherlock once again nodded to John.
Acting on instinct, Sherlock watched his own hand fly toward the box of tissues on the side table, then rush to his dick as orgasm took him by surprise, sad in its brevity and lack of satisfaction. The tissue caught most of his come, as John had ordered, but a few drops did make it to the chair. Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care in this moment. He was still being hit with weak pulses that shot from his stomach to his cock. It was all he could do to keep his legs straight, trembling and unsteady as they felt now.
John went methodically over Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, much as Sherlock had done to his feet, until he was satisfied. He forced his hands to leave Sherlock’s skin, much as he didn’t want to, and he sat back once more into the plush couch back. It was his job to maintain boundaries still, and that was something John took very seriously. For his part, Sherlock took the end of the massage with dignity and acceptance, simply shrugging his shoulders back into his robe and then leaning his head gently against the inside of John’s knee.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Sherlock interrupted, not bothering to raise his head from where it sagged over the tub. He was actually looking at the razor blade where it had fallen in the tub when John had thrown it. It was being covered by constantly shifting water from the shower head, water that was swiftly becoming cold. Surprisingly, Sherlock didn’t find it compelling to look at anymore. Instead, he stretched out a long arm to shut the water off.
”I…I felt so stifled in the lab today. I even let the staff know what I’d be doing today, John, I made the effort to tell them so they would stay out of my way. They knew the importance of the evidence I was testing, and yet they interfered every step of the way!” Sherlock’s voice had risen in volume, and he briefly cleared his throat. “They wouldn’t just let me do my job. I needed to run those tests to wrap up this case, to help those people…”
“Sherlock, I am so, so proud of you,” John murmured softly as he crouched in front of him. “I really am. You had plenty of opportunity to give in, and you didn’t. You did so well.” Taking Sherlock’s head gently between his hands, he turned the other man’s face up toward his own, resting his thumbs right under those prominent cheekbones and holding him in place. Once Sherlock’s eyes met his, John smiled softly for a moment, then hardened his expression just a bit into a mask of concerned command.
“You, ah, you didn’t hurt yourself?” John took a closer look at Sherlock’s hip and was relieved to see no new marks on the pale skin. “Sherlock,” he continued, “You’re ah, you’re holding it in your hand, still.” Sherlock stiffened a bit, and John couldn’t help but notice that his extended hand began to tremble a bit. “Sherlock, would you hand that to me?”
That’s where John comes in, he tried to tell himself. Trust him. Listen to him. Anger flared up at his own instructions, at the thought that anyone knew better about his own inner workings. That was absurd. And yet…
John struck Sherlock again, and this time he was rewarded with a muffled grunt. “Say it, Sherlock. Say it hurts.” John struck again, purposefully over the same spot he’d just visited.
Sherlock’s face twisted as though he had been punched in the gut. To his credit, he took in a deep breath and started, “I-“ before his voice broke and his head sagged abruptly between his shoulders, hair falling down to hide his face. “John.” The tone of his voice was mournful, conveying an apology.
”Shh,” John again moved in close behind him, dropping the belt carelessly to the floor. He moved his palms down Sherlock’s chest, bringing his back to rest against John’s cheek. John tried to convey through the gentle pressure the pride he felt at Sherlock’s progress just this evening. Sherlock’s ribcage jerked erratically as he tried not to sob. “Sherlock, you did so well,” he promised, gently stroking one hand up and down his bare side. The other hand remained as a steady pressure over Sherlock’s racing heart.
It was dashed from his mind, however, as Sherlock’s face snapped up and he demanded, “Tissue.”
Abruptly, John wondered again at the situation he found himself in: Clutching his best friend on the bathroom floor, listening to the sordid details of his sex life. He waited, but it appeared that Sherlock was done answering.
“I…” Sherlock hesitated, then forced himself on, “I don’t get to choose, John. It’s how my body reacts sometimes, I did warn you.” He felt his shoulders hunch in slightly, trying to shrink into something that couldn’t be perceived as combative.
Not bothering to pull back the covers, Sherlock fell face-first onto his bed. He was blissfully asleep in moments, only vaguely aware that sometime later someone was briefly in the room with him. Before Sherlock could fully awaken, John had covered him with a blanket and dropped a kiss on his head, and then left.
John clarified, “Does it have to be you hurting yourself? Does it work if someone else hurts you?”
“Fuuuuck, Sherlock…” John was overwhelmed by sensation for a moment, his entire world narrowed to just that light touch. Then Sherlock grazed his lips back and forth, spreading the slick precome. His lips became shiny with it, which looked absolutely sinful. John closed his eyes to properly burn that image forever into his memory. Two weeks ago, this would have been impossible to imagine. Now, impossible to forget. John felt Sherlock’s mouth slowly, so slowly, slide over him, taking him in. John’s breath stuttered in. Fuck.
John felt his cock bob pleasantly at the praise, watching Sherlock’s eyes hone in on the movement. Those eyes flared back up with an intent sort of heat. (Oh, yes.) John relaxed back onto the bed and tucked his hands behind his head. The position just so happened to engage his biceps and pecs nicely, and wasn’t this what muscles were for, anyway? To be flexed, and used. And to tempt one’s boyfriend.
John didn’t expect to feel so dwarfed by the long body that climbed up over his, long limbs draping across and around him. Sherlock’s cheek found a new home against John’s chest. Feeling a little silly, John dropped a kiss to the top of his head. So what if he felt a little small? He also felt cherished, and protected.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock let out a snort of harsh laughter. “No, they never…No. If it’s someone else, it works with less…. ah, less…”
As he approached the closed bathroom door with the light spilling out from underneath, John groaned again as he heard the shower running. Sherlock was already taking a shower, and who knew how long that was going to take? Sometimes the ‘consulting detective’ took impossible 2-minute showers (amazingly enough he seemed to get the job done, he was perfectly clean when he emerged a mere 120 seconds after the water turned on), and sometimes the water must have been completely cold by the time Sherlock relinquished his claim on the bathroom. What would it be this time? John decided that he didn’t have time to find out. He cleared his throat once, and then slowly began opening the door as he called loudly, “Sherlock, I’ve forgotten to brush my teeth, I’ll just…” His voice just trailed off weakly as his brain began to register what he was seeing.
“Are you even sorry?” Sherlock knew that John was trying to control his anger, but it was clear in the question spat in his direction. The two options, to submit or to fight, both suddenly leapt into his mind, and he was briefly exposed to the flood of thoughts again before he shoved everything back down. He worried at his lip for a moment. Honesty. That would keep things simple. He brought his eyes back to meet John’s.
“It,” Sherlock began, in the same small voice. Then he stopped, and inhaled slowly. It was maddening. He let it out, and tried again in a voice just a bit stronger. “It’s complicated. I believe it’s best explained like a reset button. For my brain.” His voice was deadpan and cold, and just a little bored. It was closer to the Sherlock John knew and…loved, he supposed. In a friend’s way. “For emotions, especially. Useless things, anyway…They get in the way and distract me, and it’s overwhelming. I have to get away from that, in order to think.”
And yet, John was here, staring at him in a manner of authority. Sherlock realized that they were in the flat, the door to the hall shut and bolted already. He shifted his body posture to loosely mimic John’s, crossing his arms and widening his stance just a bit. Now was the time to determine how to handle this- trust John and face consequences, or stand up for himself. But if he tried to defend his actions, what would he even say? Before he could lay out any line of defense, John took a step toward him.
John swung the belt again, noting with an odd pride that he had landed a particularly solid hit. A soft cry fell from Sherlock’s lips, even as he made eye contact with himself in the mirror. “Say, I am allowed to feel frustration,” John ordered as he delivered the next blow, not quite as hard.
John felt instantly emboldened by Sherlock’s response. He gripped a bit tighter with both hands, one holding his detective in place and the other stimulating him. All of John’s movements were at a moderate pace, maddeningly so, but the saving grace was the strength hinted at by his firm grip. There was a carefully controlled power there, one that Sherlock at once respected and wanted to pry at, hoping to have it unleashed on himself. Before Sherlock could begin to devise a plan to provoke just that, John released his grip on all that thick hair and broke their kiss, immediately returning to the spot on Sherlock’s neck where he had bitten perhaps a bit too hard. There was already an angry red mark there, one that would almost certainly become a bruise. In for a penny, John mused to himself before biting down again on the same spot.
”Knowing your own boundaries, even as they change, is so important.” John slowly moved his hands down to Sherlock’s hips once more, guiding him to turn and face John. Sherlock’s eyes were open and vulnerable, and shining trails down his cheeks betrayed him. John took that darling face between his hands again and drew Sherlock down for a kiss. It was the gentlest kiss that John could deliver, trying to communicate with the slow, soft pressure what tenderness and care was reserved just for him, if only he would allow it. Sherlock returned the kiss with a tight sort of desperation, making a sad sound against John’s lips before schooling himself into a more sedate pace.
Sherlock's mind is dancing. A light allegro in major key. Data is perched upon the notes, facts cradled in his outstretched hands, deductions appearing underneath his feet to set him off into the next position.
There. Don't need to be afraid to forget now. but i feel even mor ealone now
, Sherlock. Since you came back I feel like I can't trust anything I see. You set that scene up for me to watch like a play, making sure every last detail was real enough for me to believe it. I have no idea what tears were real and what weren't.
“I don't”, Sherlock snapped, “as
“Say it.”
At seven p.m., Sherlock is stretched out on the sofa, weak after eating much more food than he is used to. John is washing up when Sherlock bolts up from the sofa, stomps through the room, presses a quick kiss to John's lips, and then stomps back.
John's heart beats violently enough to shake Sherlock's body when the murderer jogs past their hiding spot. Sherlock moves his hand and John already knows what he's about to do, arching his spine from the wall to allow Sherlock's hand behind the small of his back. Sherlock lifts the hem of John's jacket, slides the gun out of his trousers and puts it in John's waiting hand. His fingers are ice, the cold touch lingering even after his fingers withdraw.
I rose from my typewriter table, stopped to pick up a pastry, then hurried after Molly into the dance hall.
Mary    12:33
“I think I put a lid on it very early on. We were going to live together and I didn’t want to, you know. Complicate things. And also because you’re a man, I guess. Anyway I’m not sure I should go near that lid now, because what happens if I
The group disappeared into the door of my building. I went back to my typewriter and tried to focus, but I kept listening for a low timbre in the laughs from upstairs. I kept imagining Sherlock there, talking and drinking and… what would he be like at a party? Would he be the Sparkling Diamond with flirty smiles and throaty voice, or would he be the man with the piercing stare who had asked me about Afghanistan, when he had no reason to know I was an ex-soldier?
Dancing with William is the same as talking with him, or feeling him laughing against my skin. It's the same as swimming with him, or sharing an otherworldly sunset. It's the same as kissing him. It's amazing how a simple waltz to a hummed tune can be like that.
I saw Valentine's as kind of our first date. You
I did not know he thought of it that way.
That invisible halo around him, the one that appeared after our first kiss, has become more solid. I can see now that it wasn't the kisses that did it. No, it's because of what he is to me that he bathes in a subdued light only I can see. It's because he is the one I have chosen.
By the far wall, alone and with a tumbler in his hand, stood Sherlock. Where everything and everyone else in the room was dazed and blurry around the edges, he was crystal clear in hard angles of black and white. Black suit trousers cut perfectly around his narrow hips, white shirt clinging to his slim chest, black braces, rolled-up sleeves, white forearms and hands, one curled around his glass, one fisted in his pocket. The straight line of a white throat, the slice of cheekbones casting dark shadows over his face, sharp black make-up around the eyes, and an irresistible tousle of black curls. His eyes were almost too sharp to endure even when he wasn't looking at me.
There was a brief pause. “I'll speak to Mycroft”, Sherlock said tensely.
“Yeah, I feel like staying late tonight. I'll see you tomorrow for a swim.”
“When were you last in the cottage?” John asks.
, a woman says, and I feel inexplicably proud. I also feel a bit guilty; surely John wishes he were the one who held her right now so he could show her off properly.
At least I could have an idea if I'm anywhere near writing in the way many would like to read
https://images.app.goo.gl/zstnecLzUH6HRvgc6
John took a breath,then spoke calmly looking at Moriarty. " I know this is all a game for you, but where is Sherlock? Why are you keeping him?"
Ok,no idea what to do with this one,but it's late already and I don't want to fall behind.
With that inside of him,any fingers or otherwise would be cut up with blades via putting something inside of Sherlock.
The fact that Sherlock ended up dying in front of them with the bomb tied to him and laughing threats made by Moriarty made the unreasonable and unthinkable obvious fact.
"Yes,if someone came by with breakfast, I stayed stark naked and you were so much as shirtless, I would not be the biggest distraction I'm afraid" John said,still smiling, pulling a shirt on over his head.
He thought of past highs with cocaine. This was very different, but still a high. Much more visual,he thought as dark spirits danced in the rain around him as he climbed,but even when he used THAT for further focus, he had learned,over time how to keep control over his mind. Enhanced in some ways, but still his territory no one or nothing else should be allowed to alter without his own encouragement.
Sherlock said as he slunk in his chair and his eyes closed.
Neither knew who first fell asleep, but there was no wish to leave the couch.
He had planned this meeting,and had arranged distractions,(Rosie,experiments,any buggering from Mycroft among others) to be out of the way and seen to elsewhere.
"Yeah, and the rest of us that have actual jobs and no following have to drive back home and sleep in our own beds." Donavon said, rolling her eyes as she gave a clipboard of paperwork to Lestrade and looked back as she walked away."I'll be there early to make sure you two give your statements and get back to the rest of my job. While you two can go back to Baker Street after your visit and I don't have to see you again anytime soon"
Startled, John could only blink and nod.
Doing as he was told, Sherlock walked nude through the flat to his bedroom. He felt exposed in a way that he never did naked, and he wasn’t sure what to make of it. Did he have to make anything out of it tonight? Honestly, all Sherlock wanted now was sleep. He felt used up, utterly exhausted. One last stop before bed, though: Sherlock stopped in front of his mirror and looked over his shoulder at his reflection, admiring the proof of John’s care across his skin. The colors standing out against the pale canvass were beautiful to him, even as it still throbbed and stung. Every blow to his backside had been given to save him from himself, to snap him back to reality. Who else would do that for him but John? Who else would he want to? Who would he let see him like this? No, now that he had tasted this with John, nothing else would do.
”John-“ The protest was interrupted by a whimper as the belt landed again. “Expecting myself to feel nothing is harmful.” Another blow, again repeating where it had just been. Sherlock’s voice began to waiver, but his eye contact with his reflection had remained firm and challenging despite the tears beginning to form. He finished dutifully, “To myself and others.”
Satisfied, he nodded and whispered, “I believe you,” before swinging the belt up and across Sherlock’s arse at a velocity that while not outright painful certainly would feel shocking. Sherlock’s eyes snapped closed and his mouth set into a thin line, but otherwise didn’t respond. Even his fingers remained arched gently over the countertop instead of clawed against it, carefully not showing distress. John swung the belt three more times in rapid succession, a little harder each time. The loud sounds, a cross between a smack and a thud,  filled the small bathroom, and was a bit overwhelming if John was perfectly honest with himself. Sherlock still didn’t respond.
The word failure rang through Sherlock’s head. It strengthened his sense of shame, his embarrassment and the feeling of being trapped. It got louder and louder and he tried to ignore it but his chest was getting tighter and-
”Good. Now, expecting myself to feel nothing is harmful to myself and others.”
John gathered up Sherlock’s long limbs and maneuvered both of them until he had his back resting against the tub wall, Sherlock cradled in his arms and against his chest. The detective’s eyes were still closed, but gently so, and his breathing was slow and regular. Deciding to take a risk, John began to gently stroke Sherlock’s hair. A feeling of accomplishment and entitlement was creeping up on John in a very pleasant way and it only strengthened as Sherlock allowed him to pet his hair without complaint. If John didn’t know any better, he would say the look on Sherlock’s face was peaceful…But that had to be his own ego talking, right? Embarrassed by his own thought process, John cleared his throat and forced himself to ask, “So uh…How are you feeling?”
Striving for casual, John shrugged, ignoring the hammering in his chest. “I’m a man of simple needs, really. A blow job here or there, some dirty talk…” He trailed off as he caught Sherlock’s expression. It looked like a reprimand.
Nodding once to show he understood, John calmly ordered Sherlock to fetch the lotion from the bathroom counter. His voice left no room for hesitation or argument, and Sherlock looked relieved to have something to do as he moved to do as he was told. Once he came hurrying back with the ‘sensitive skin, fragrance free, nothing fancy or offensive whatsoever’ lotion that John preferred Sherlock once again looked lost.
He opened his mouth to beg for mercy, but instead what he pleaded for was “More, John, oh god please more.” Once the words were out, Sherlock realized that he meant it. Even as he wished desperately for respite, he craved more, harder, faster, everything. Anything.
He paused, and seemed to consider whether or not to continue. After a deep breath he did. He sounded a little more detached, a little more normal, when he said, “But it is a side-effect. I… cannot stop any physical reaction that my body has. I…” Sherlock’s lip quirked up again as he looked mildly startled. “Oh hell, John, what are we doing right now?” He was returning to his baseline, his rational self. Sobering up. Sherlock knew that his body would soon follow suit, returning to its baseline. The only evidence would be a lingering shame and a tingling, burning sensation on his skin. And then those would fade.
John had no problem taking the lead. “Come sit here,” he instructed, pointing to the space on the hardwood floor between his own knees. The detective greedily scooped up the order, arranging himself on his knees facing John with his palms gently on John’s thighs. The heat in Sherlock’s eyes shot through John, and he had to firmly ignore his own impulses as he took Sherlock’s face between his hands and lead Sherlock to bow his head so John could place an affectionate kiss on the unruly curls on top. “Now turn around, sit on your bottom.”
Sherlock did look up then, catching John’s gaze for a moment. There was a carefully controlled desperation in his eyes. John’s gut clenched for a moment, hating to see his dear detective in any kind of pain…But Sherlock needed him to be strong. So he would be. He stayed still and quiet, waiting until Sherlock spread his palms briefly in surrender and rasped out something that sounded like, “Please just be in charge of me for a while.”
”Hmm. Yes. You are… As am I.”
A crazy mental image presented itself to John, of what that must look like. A vague concept of a long-limbed and naked Sherlock bent over the lap of a leather-clad woman (man?) shoved itself to the forefront of John’s mind before he shoved it roughly away. He had to pivot this conversation, right now. “So, ah, it’s good when you have another person. They do less harmful things than you do, because they have boundaries, unlike you, apparently…” John didn’t know why he said that. He waited, afraid that he had offended Sherlock.
“Really?” Sherlock snapped under the returned attention, “You took time to call her now?”
“What?” Sherlock’s voice was guarded, and John had a moment of wonder as he realized that it was because Sherlock didn’t know John’s thought process behind the question. Well, John didn’t quite understand himself either, so it was a hollow victory.
On the final taxi ride home, Sherlock had been completely silent and still, as though he were nothing but a wax figure. It might have unnerved John when they had first met, but by now he was used to it. When Sherlock was in a mood, the people around him simply had to tough it out. Sometimes John tried to help when Sherlock was really in a funk, by making him snacks throughout the day and telling him that yes, he really did need a shower, and reminding him-
Sherlock observed all these sensations given to his body, all growing steadily and threatening to overwhelm him. This building tension wasn’t like his previous mental state, however, because this was all happening with John, who hadn’t simply run screaming. The throbbing pain in his neck was quickly becoming less urgent than John’s hand on his cock, the steady movements finally reaching something close to critical mass. His arousal, which had sprung into existence the moment John had discovered him, seemed close to driving him mad. Or perhaps he already was mad? Really, who gets off on pain and shame? John had simply become a casualty of Sherlock’s perversion, and clearly-
John headed toward the bathroom, the door to which was hanging open and letting the light from the hallway illuminate the inside. There was a figure hunched over, sitting on the closed toilet seat. John’s heart raced as his body assumed a more crouched position, lowering his center of balance to better fight or run. He stared at the figure for a few heartbeats before being able to discern a mop of curly, dark hair, and pale limbs.
Sherlock didn’t have the wherewithal to understand the implications. He couldn’t even focus fully on John’s words. That wasn’t good. Focus. Fucking focus! John must have noticed the shift, because his next words were firmly stated short sentences. Walk to your chair, face it. Hands on the arm rests. Forearms on the arm rests, bend at the waist. Spread your feet. John’s voice was the only thing that still felt important until he felt John’s hand descend on his naked back.
He opened his eyes and drank in what was before him: Sherlock with his own eyes closed, mouth closed tenderly around John as he moved slowly up and down his length, tongue soothing wetly in the dreamiest way. He was still on all fours, ass now presented to the air. Sherlock was supporting his body weight with only one hand now, the other wrapped around his cock and moving languidly. It seemed to be more of a tease than a means to an end, and John was fascinated by it. Sherlock, who was usually so closed off and impersonal…John had honestly never even imagined that Sherlock touched himself. But here he was, treating himself like a natural, sexual human being, and he was letting John witness this thing that felt so taboo. That John should find himself in the front row at such a show…and with audience participation, no less. There were no words.
As John climbed out of the taxi and made his way to the flat, he felt the first stirrings of apprehension that he had left Sherlock for so long today, disrupting their routine. He had felt comfortable with the idea this morning, as over a week had passed without any troubling signs from Sherlock. Now John wasn’t so sure. It was probably nothing, honestly, just nerves. John was also very tired, the kind of tired that meant he had endured a long day of helping others. It was a good sort of tired.
“John,” Oh shit, that sounded like he was in trouble. “After all that you’ve learned about me recently, I would hope that you feel comfortable in asking for what you really like. My asking was really a formality, I don’t see why you couldn’t just ask for an element of danger.” His voice had been so flippant. John was fucking baffled. Or…maybe he wasn’t. Huh. The clarity sort of seeped over John, feeling truer than words ever could. Sherlock was peering into his eyes, but John didn’t have an answer beyond biting his lower lip and meeting that gaze.
Sherlock sighed again, sadder this time. “John, I thought I would be delivering news to clients today. Giving them closure, some justice. That’s what I do. I solve mysteries.” Some defensiveness had crept into his tone. “That’s what I’ve got to give, John, and I want to give it! I…Oh hell, I need to be able to give the people in this world something. Otherwise, what am I doing here?”
What's this? Making safer choices?? Well done
”I…” Sherlock hesitated, then gasped as John struck him again. He locked eyes with his reflection, seeming to issue a challenge to himself as he blurted out, “I am allowed to feel pain.” He quickly averted his eyes from his own gaze, as if afraid of finding judgement there. John shifted his stance behind Sherlock, caressing the belt up and down his bare back for a moment.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked up briefly on one side in a sardonic smile as he leaned back against the bathtub. It was short-lived, however. John had meant well, but bringing up the events of the day, just as Sherlock had begun to relax, was the wrong thing to do. Sherlock felt his emotions rise up again swiftly, stoked up from their embers.
Eight more minutes went by before Sherlock called out an answer in annoyance when the contestant seemed stuck. John chuckled at the sudden but dear interruption, and unconsciously gave the detective’s damp hair a few pets. He realized what he was doing and paused for a moment, taking in Sherlock’s reaction to the physical affection, but if anything, the head on his shoulder leaned a little harder. John smiled to himself and continued the gentle stroking. The curls were starting to dry and become defined at this point, and he was careful not to break their spirals. It reminded John of that first night in the bathroom. He had stroked Sherlock’s hair then, too, and hadn’t they both seemed to enjoy it then, too? John tucked that bit of information away, savoring the silky, bouncy feeling of the curls as he initiated verbal contact.
