It disappeared the second Tony’s mouth, his little teasing kisses, reached the tip of his chock. He could barely prevent himself from screaming. It felt fantastic in a way it shouldn’t be possibly able to feel. He sulked in enough air for the next sensation to come. Tony shot him another glance. It was another promise. And it was a mean one. When he felt Tony sucking on his tip before slowly, so very painfully slowly, taking more of Steve’s length into his mouth, Steve couldn’t help himself. It was a muffled scream but still it was one and he felt Tony smirk around his cock as a reaction.
Steve had circled around the other the whole, unsure what to say. He was still afraid to admit he’d come back for sex. And here he was in front of an abandoned locker room, weighting his chances. His hand laid on the door handle for a while now and with a final deep breath he walked in.
"I've no idea what but I need to get away from this", he waved into the direction where Tony and Pepper stood, probably kissing by now. His stomach curled on that thought.
“I’d offer to help you with that”, he started and chuckled at Steve’s shocked expression, “but your nerves wouldn’t stand it I think” With one hand he brushed through his hair, then he turned around. “See you tomorrow”, was the last thing he said. He managed to make even those harmless words sound lewd.
“Tony fucking Stark”, the red-haired hissed, “I know that’s not true because you told me you’d pick up a fight with ‘old-fashioned military haircut’ here. So, lying is not gonna help you.”
Steve longed for the time they were together and was scared of it at the same time.
There was nothing Steve was capable of doing anymore, he just lied there and swam in his desire. Tony was good, better than good even, Steve thought he’d been rock-hard before, but now he was proved wrong. Under Tony’s experienced touch, under his fingers that in one second lazily stroked him and then almost brought him over the edge, he was so close to losing himself that he just desperately hold on to everything he could find. Steve was so lost in this sensation – more than lost, it was his whole being right now – that he flinched in utter surprise when he felt Tony’s finger at his entrance, covered in cold, slick lube. His breath and most likely his heart too skipped a beat. It was a completely new sensation, completely new pleasure and he happily welcomed it.
A wicked smile crept on Tony's face, followed by a playful wink: “Some of them.” Steve honestly wasn’t sure if Tony was only making stuff up or if he really had contracts in some drawer of his bedtable. He found he didn’t care when Tony continued talking.
“Okay, it is kind of romantic”, he agreed.
Today was the first-time Steve had somebody to eat lunch with. Sam sat next to him, chewing on a slice of pizza that looked like it was mainly consisting of cheese and even more cheese. “Are you sure that’s pizza anymore?”, he asked and Sam only laughed. “I don’t care. It tastes awesome”
Tony moved down further, his hands massaging his tights now, teasing, brushing over his middle so carelessly it couldn’t be a coincide. It drove Steve crazy. He always was on edge, either because of fingers drawing on his skin or because of hot breath making him shudder. It was too slow and too fast at the same time. He heard himself moan and then groan when teeth were too firm on his skin, then he had to sought again. And finally, there where fingers on the elastic of his pants. He could feel how they hooked in the fabric and he saw Tony looking up at him, his face spread into a wide smirk and his eyes sparkling with suggestiveness. It took another painful second of battles between their glances before he started pulling down Steve’s pants. He didn’t do anything else.
I am sorry this took me so Long, but my finals are in less than a week and I was really busy with learning.
Tony behind him cleared his throat, silently mouthing an offended “What the fuck?” at him. He couldn’t fight his gazes automatically wandering to the way Tony’s lips moved and only managed to tear his eyes away from that mouth and the thoughts of what it could do when he found Tony was grinning smugly had him.
Okay, he could do that too. He closed the space between them, intensifying the atmosphere and adding some tension to their situation. “Well, that you are rich, good-looking, smart maybe. That there’s nobody you haven’t slept with. However, nobody mentioned that you are a spoiled brat.”
“Seems so”, Steve replied, his eyes focused now on every single movement Tony made.
“You burned down our kitchen”, were the first words that managed to escape Steve’s speechlessness.
“We’ll see”, Steve’s voice had that dark note again. He liked hearing it, enjoyed the control and the power it gave him.
The moment one of them, most likely him, would admit to have any sort of feeling, their house of cards would collapse all at once. Steve was not keen to let this happen. If it meant to act like there was nothing, to watch Tony’s life through a curtain and never ask for more, he was fine with it. Everything was better than looking at the shreds of what had once been. He was not sad about it, not most of the time, but then again, one could only push aside thoughts for so long.
This time their kiss was rather tame thought much more heated and intense than before. Steve kept his eyes fixed on Tony. Tony wanted him to prove his point. Well, he would. His lips moved down Tony’s neck as a mixture of sloppy, open mouthed kisses that would leave hickeys and little bites that would leave marks. He enjoyed the idea of marking Tony, of making him his. Not because he wanted nobody else to touch him but because he wanted to show his power. Tony moaned, loud and shameless, his eyes were sparkling with lust.
If somebody was at fault, he thought, it was Tony. And maybe a little bit himself for being utterly naïve. Probably the only thing Tony had been right about when insulting him.
Then, there was a sound from somewhere behind them and Steve was pulled back into reality. It felt like ice-cold water washing over his hot body and his clouded mind. They were in a locker room, in their school. Something like shock settled into his bones while he agonized.
His smile turned him into a Cheshire Cat again: „Don’t you think that’s what makes it fun? I don’t need to like you to fuck you. It only makes things more interesting.”
“We don’t like to interfere in your private life and please, please feel free to make as many friends as you think, but stay away from these people.”, his dad closed and his eyes were really strict.
Actually, it wasn’t even control that hold him back but rather the fear that slamming somebody against a wall whom he had slammed against a wall in a … different context before was not the cleverest idea.
Bucky laughed and somehow Steve had to laugh too: “Oh God, I can’t believe you two dragged me here to talk about my sex life”
The music was ear-shattering loud. Like super loud. Unpleasantly, head spinningly, annoyingly loud. Steve was not at all happy with the situation. Thought the real problem was that he couldn’t leave. He wanted to pretty badly, but he couldn’t. Bucky had brought him into this living hell, or better forced him to come here.
“Am I supposed to wait until perfect Steve has time for me? Why are you even surprised? – You were the one to remind me of my inability to form romantic relationships again and again!”, Tony hissed and his eyes focused on Steve with anger and maybe even betrayal in them. Steve couldn’t bring himself to care right now.
Tony was watching him. It was like a silent challenge. Tony waited for him to give up. To surrender. To beg. That was not going to happen. Still, it drove him mad to see Tony there, between his legs, all smirks and sexiness, challenging him another time. He wanted to reach down to bury his fingers in the other’s hair. And then he wanted to set the pace. But both of them knew he wouldn’t. Cheating was not his thing. And he was curious. He wanted to know whether all the rumors had been true. He looked forward to them being indeed the truth. With a last glance that was so dirty Steve forgot to breath properly for a couple of seconds, Tony’s focus went down to Steve’s hard-on. Steve could still see the self-content smile playing on the other’s lips. Not a good sign for his self-control.
Instead, he made another step further, now pressed firmly against the other again.
“In the locker room?”, Sam had just asked and laughed, “God, I will never be able to forget that image” He gave Steve a dig with his elbow: “I really never thought you’d be that creative”
He nodded and looked back at the punching bag.
“That’s true. But actually, I know Bucky from before I moved. We’ve been friends since I’m 7 years old.”, Steve smiled at the memories.
“What are we going to do now?”, he then asked.
“After all your teasing, shouldn’t I be the one making you beg?”, he growled, strengthening the pressure against Tony, feeling him reacting to his touch with eagerness.
"You should know", he stated, his hips moving in rhythmical little circles, driving Steve breathless, "that I love challenges"
That Feeling when your chapters with plot are Shorter than the PWP one....
“No”, he shrugged his shoulders, “who is she? And what makes you freaking out about her?”
“It worked, didn’t it?”, was all Tony said in response.
After this one sentence Steve should have known that this game wouldn’t end nice. Or that nobody would have mercy with him only because they called him country pumpkin. His only way to go through the madness of truth or dare was to choose truth every time he could.
"Perfect", Bucky grinned, "You needed to loosen up a bit"
But fate didn’t seem to be that fond of him. Steve had been heading to the boy’s restroom, with his thoughts already on his after-school workout, and when another person entered the room behind him whilst he was washing his hands he didn’t care. Well, at first.
Tony Stark seemed to be totally calm, lying next to him reading some kind of scientific journal. Naked. Buck naked.
Sam let out a sight. His eyes were sad now. “You know, I’m only worried. Don’t know how you’ll react. Pepper is- she’s- She had a thing going on with Tony for multiple times.”
Probably ‘no’ was the best thing he could have said in this situation, the cleverest and healthiest thing to do. He was still shocked he didn’t say it.
“I don’t care about the facts here, Tony”, Steve all but growled, closing the space between them again, “you decided that I was too boring or below your standards or whatever and went back to sleeping with that beautiful girlfriend of yours who you forgot to mention before. I don’t see how-“
“Well, maybe I’m just not interested in seeing your face anymore”, Steve spat and wasn’t sure if the alcohol was making him this aggressive or if his built up emotions were giving him more bravery than usual.
She stood in front of them now, hands on her hips and the pure anger in her eyes was more scary than the crowd had ever been.
"No I don-", Steve started, but Bucky interrupted him. He should have known that Bucky would say yes in the split of a second.
Steve woke to the shrill, alarming sound of the fire alert. His body was immediately flooded with adrenaline, snapping right into action. The sleep had almost left him entirely when he got up, faster than he thought would be possible. He was still groggy but as soon as he smelled the burned air he ran towards the source which seemed to be the kitchen. His mind was already going through all the possible reasons for this disaster whilst his hands reached for the fire extinguisher they kept in the flat because Tony’s experiments regularly tended to explode.
He would see.
“You are serious, aren’t you?”, Steve barely managed to say because Tony’s lips were once again on his, stealing his breath as well as his words away.
Steve only glared at him and let out a huff of disapproval: “Well, I normally always expect the best from people. But if you’re okay with me assuming you’re having a bad character…”
Instead, Tony laughed softly and finally closed the distance between them, cupping Steve’s face. “Your such an idiot”, he murmured and kissed him.
“Hopefully poison”, Steve griped and scanned the different glasses warily.
“Nobody ever mentioned it would be soft and tender”, he stated after a particular hard trust that caused Tony to arch his whole body. Steve loved the sight, loved the control. And did it again. He knew it was probably driving Tony mad and by the way the other’s body tensed he was right.
The last thing he heard was Natasha, saying "I wonder if any of them will be able to walk tomorrow"
It was probably the most terrifying sentence Steve had ever heard.
I am (after some experience) not promising to get the last (or the last two) chapters done soon, but as always I will try. Maybe the fact that it's going to be the ending will get me to work faster.
Unsurprisingly, only minutes later they had once again managed to end up undressing each other while involuntarily testing each other’s patience. Tony had found it funny to whisper that insufferable nickname in Steve’s hear every time he had the chance to. Steve had made sure he would limp the next day. Tony never complained. Sometimes, Steve felt like the other provoked him intentional, making their sex even rougher. Sometimes Steve himself was the one with a limp and sometimes both of them were scared they had broken something. Which hadn’t been the case yet.
“I really can’t believe what happened to my life”, Steve sighed dramatically and Bucky patted his shoulder: “That’s what city life does to us country pumpkins.”
“You really had to do this, don’t you?”, Steve asked as his breath had stilled to an acceptable level, his voice raw from the screaming and his body still shuddering from the previous sensations.
Tony shrugged his shoulders, making another step back: “In fact-“
I do not own Marvel so all characters belong to Marvel and I do not intend to make any money with this
Tony also started giving him nicknames. Steve hated it, especially because each and every nickname Tony came up with was absolutely horrible. One time he even suggested Country Pumpkin. Steve had protested for all he was worth but as always Tony had been way better with words than Steve had been.
A new chapter, this time almost punctual.
“I wouldn’t call it a fight. More showing somebody some rules”, Tony replied, his tone in a subtle way very calm and dominant.
Sam made pause, looking at him long and in thoughts.
“Oh just shut up country pumpkin”, Tony ordered, his voice all rough and imperious, “I have to proof something here” Tony came closer, his hips swinging lazily and his eyes locking with Steve’s.
“Fine.”
The next days were hell. On one hand because his hangover was worse than ever and on the other because he had to attend school every day, saw Tony at lunch, his car parked outside, the remaining posters asking Pepper out. It felt like a slow, painful torture someone had come up with just for him.
It took Steve quite a while to calm his heated body down. He still couldn’t believe what he’d done, how his mind could have blacked out like that. Tony really was messing with his clear thoughts. A walking, breathing tease, designed to drive him crazy. Steve sighed and admitted he’d enjoyed every second of it.
When he entered the school building on the third morning, quiet and lost in thoughts about all the things he couldn’t like in his new life, seeing Tony Stark made everything worse. As it always did. He was that type of guy who bullied people like Steve. And he was exactly that type of guy who enjoyed being an asshole. And his locker was right next to Steve’s.
After he felt like Tony had taken everything he had to offer – and maybe even more – he decided to kiss back, to make things more interesting. Both of them enjoyed a good fight. He felt Tony humming into their kiss in approval, felt teeth that sunk into his lower lip, that greedily drunk in every moan and every bit of reaction he offered. His hands still resting on Tony’s tights started moving. He knew where they had to go, knew how do drive the other mad. Tony seemed to know too. Fingers danced over his skin and when he showed not enough of a reaction, he felt nails savoring his skin in a way that made his breath hitch.
He felt that he still wore his clothes from the day before and suddenly realized, how there was no sticky feeling, no naked bodies and no rumbled sheets. No sex. They’d just fallen asleep during the movie. Somewhere underneath the cozy, warm feeling of having just woken up, it felt wrong and right at the same time. That was not how their relationship was supposed to be. It was so much better. It was new and unfamiliar to wake up next to Tony who hummed happily in his sleep and rolled towards him. Steve felt himself smile before he could stop it.
“Wow, what an incredible super power”, Steve flouted. He always felt more confident and aggressive when he was around Tony. More like he had been before he moved to NYC. It was a miracle in some ways.
“Which is where?”, Steve asked, looking out of the window without recognizing something really.
He wasn’t sure if he had ruined it, ruined whatever had been left. He had hoped not to fight, or at least to be honest with each other. But now it felt only worse than before. Because somehow, Tony had managed to make him feel guilty. To hell with that. Tony was gone and was not coming back.
“Maybe”, Steve chuckled, “I’ll just take your car.”
The drinking was when it all went to hell because of course, from all the bars they could have picked in this whole city, they ended up being in the same one as Tony Stark.
“Okay, okay”, Tony said loudly, now to everybody close enough to listen, “looks like you have to forgo our little show”
“Can you think of one reason why I shouldn’t?”, Steve asked with sharpness in his voice. He was about to get up. Tony couldn’t mess with him like that.
It's not that long because I cut the initial chapter in two parts. I'm maybe adding something to the next chapter so I had to split them in two.
“Despite your latest adventure, what do you do in your free time when you’re not fucking Tony Stark?”
It made his skin itch not to know what was going on. The only good thing about it was that it distracted him from the Tony Stark disaster and kept him always on edge. The downside was that with prom approaching fast – faster than any of them liked – he needed his friends more than ever. But a part of them always seemed to be distant.
“So I wondered what you paid them.” he continued and his fingertips brushed over Tony’s tights teasingly.
“We should stop”, Steve finally panted, his breath still heavy and his whole body hot. He could feel Tony’s equally messed up state beneath himself, could sense the heat radiating from the other. He saw a bulk in Tony’s tight-fitting trousers and knew that he had this problem himself. They needed to stop before they got carried away and somebody found them. “Scared they might see us?”, Tony asked, his voice still raw and ruffled, his pupils dilated, his cheeks red and hot. When Steve looked at him and the swollen, reddened lips he was way too close to giving in. he sulked in his breath, hoping the air would help his brain to work. But tony still managed to stop his synapsis from functioning correctly. “Scared of the consequences”, he replied and Tony chuckled. “I’d give them a great show”, he stated, his face back into that Cheshire grin.
He swallowed the sudden lump in his throat and slowly turned around. He had not been mistaken and yet he wished he had. He looked away quickly, too quickly. There was no way he could suffer through this. He wanted to leave, to get up, flee this place but Tony had already sat down next to him. Too close. He dodged his attempt to reach for his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not my problem you’re giving me no reason to think of you as anything else than a playboy!”, Steve responded, his voice awfully calm and sad.
Here he was nothing else than a bore, a country bumpkin. He was not interested in the newest fashion trends or in expensive cell phones. He didn’t care about movies or stars. And that made him an outsider from the first day on. Those city kids seemed to feel that he didn’t’ belong there. Most likely they were right.
“So, darling”, Steve hissed, one half of him playful, the other one determined, “either you get out of this walking insult or there won’t be sex. Steve shot him his sweetest, however scariest smile and now it were his lips ghosting over Tony’s skin, stopping only shortly over his lips. Oh god, how Tony had needed this. Still needed it. He heard himself moan hoarsely and felt how need flooded his body. Self-control was not his best virtue, a fact that he came painfully aware of when Steve was so close, so hot and so utterly gorgeous.
Steve was once again glad to have them. It felt good to be able to talk to somebody because fuck, he hadn’t expected this to hurt so much. He remembered the first time he had met Tony, how much he had despised him and now he felt like he wanted to punch him for a whole different reason. Heartbreak just felt more stupid this way.
“Drag”, Tony spat out, glaring angrily at Steve.
His jaw ached a bit but he only welcomed the pain. Tony above him was a mess and there was no way Steve would stop now, not when he could make Tony Stark falling apart beneath him. He had successfully managed to suppress his gag reflex and that was most likely what send Tony over the cliff. His fingers, still resting in Steve’s hair curled and his lips were parted to form a silent and yet sinful moan. Steve enjoyed the sight more than he probably should. He swallowed everything and knew that Tony was watching. He looked up, slowly, searching for the other’s eyes.
Steve was not entirely sure how he’d expected his parents to react. To be honest, he had no idea and with Tony still ghosting though his head there was no time to think closely about it. He’d never stayed anywhere overnight since they had moved to the city and a part of him hoped his parents would be happy about his social life. Which meant they wouldn’t ask that many questions. However, his parents were indeed curious and even though they never had something against him dating boys, they were particular picky about whom exactly he would date. Sometimes Steve considered his parents conservative about this matter. He knew both were liberal in their views of politics and that part of their reason to leave New York was that both of them had not only searched for peace and quiet but also for a friendliness not found in city people, as his dad liked to say. He took a deep breath before he turned the key in the lock and had to admit he was quite nervous. However, he did not expect his parents to stand in the living room, waiting for him. His dad with his arms crossed, looking a tad angry. His mother leaned against the kitchen counter and gave him that reproachful look she had to train in front of a mirror to make it that perfect.
“In contrast to you I’m not a liar”. Steve pressed out between gritting teeth.
Tony came first, his whole face showing an ecstasy that made it even more beautiful, his body arching beneath Steve, moving against him, into him, causing the most delicate friction between, the most delicate pain when fingers buried their selves in his backs and lips smashed onto his. Steve felt his orgasm hitting him. It took him completely aback, washed him away and left him with a feeling that was so close to utter bliss, to exhaustion and content, to control and complete chaos he had do sulk in his breath in long, deep breath. He stayed where he was, too lazy and too overwhelmed to move anymore than rolling a bit to the side, eyeing Tony whose eyes were still closed and his body shaken a bit. It was a beautiful and satisfying sight. He smiled, knowing he was the one to cause Tony lying there, panting, to make him scream and beg and moan. Tony seemed to feel his gaze and turned his head, smiling in a very satisfied and still very predatory way. For the first time it occurred to Steve that Tony had always been in control, had been the one to trick him into something. But then he wasn’t sure. And he didn’t care.
Steve hated the city from the first moment on. The way it smelled, its noise and its heavy traffic, its repelling inhabitants. He also hated the new place he and his family would live in. He hated the tiny flat far away from any green. He hated the view that only showed metal, steel and glass and sometimes clouds from heavy traffic. He also hated his dad’s new job, disliked how he left early in the morning and came back late in the evening, totally tired and stressed out.
He moved his fingers downwards, waiting for Tony’s reaction.
A new chapter...finally
“You are not everybody”, his mother said almost coldly, thought there was curiosity in her eyes. It was obvious she wanted to know all the details. If the situation had been otherwise, she’d have probably asked for it with joy written all over her face, anticipating Steve to have found an husband-to-be. But unluckily, the situation was not elsehow. He could only hope Mrs. Barnes had not been as talkative as she used to be. Or that she forgot to mention the name ‘Stark’.
“What is he then?”, his mother wanted to know and her eyes locked Steve right where he was standing. “A name wouldn’t be bad”, she added.
Steve was furious. And the crowd cheered
As you might have noticed this update is later than I hoped (and promised)… I'm (as always) super sorry about that. I have been super busy the last months because I tend to assign myself more work than I should (and eating and sleeping is kind of the most important thing in my spare time…)
“I am afraid we don’t have a choice after being locked in here”, Steve replied, his voice shaking because of Tony who had gone to nibble at his neck, making him gasp for air.
He continued to talk but Steve wasn’t paying attention anymore. He understood now what Bucky and Sam had been concerned about because there was Tony and next to him a gorgeous girl with bright orange hair and the most charming smile he had ever seen. They weren’t kissing but Tony had an arm around her waist.
Steve entered the room, back to whistling that weird old song, when he suddenly chocked on his own breath and dropped three horrible movies, one pack of nachos and two special editions of extra crisp Oreos to the floor.
He realized that he was going to say ‘yes’ when his knuckles painfully collided with the punching bag once again. He was curious and he was eager to see who of them managed to maintain control longer, he wanted to see how it could end, what it could be, who he could be. There was no going back from this point, not when all his thoughts and all his body circled around this topic, waiting for everything to finally snap into place.
“Fun fact”, Natasha added, “they don’t even know each other really. And I thought there was not such thing like love – or hate- on the first sight.”
Tony’s kisses continued, his hands wandered from Steve’s shoulders over his body, exploring every inch of it. Or at least every inch he could get through the clothing. Steve could feel the heat radiating from the other’s body, could feel his own heat and need. He could also sense the other’s stares, most likely amused, maybe shocked. But mostly amused. It must be a fabulous show.
“Are you sure this is legal?”, he asked and tried to calm down. He was quite sure it was not legal.
And, naturally, comments make me happy ;-)
“I wouldn’t say that about every part of you”, he crooked, winking.
Grinding his teeth, Steve settled for the less violent version. At least I hoped so. “Bet you’ve never learned anything about manners”, the blonde spit out, angrily glaring at the other. When the whole floor stared at him with the lust to kill in their eyes, Steve realized that insulting Tony Stark was not the smartest thing one could do. Not at all.
“And I thought you liked to keep control”, Steve snarled.
Steve felt his cheeks redden, this time more out of shame than anger. It had been so obvious Bucky would say that at some point. He felt the strong urge to prove a point. Tony’s body was till on his and his grip on the other tightened. He heard Tony’s breath hissing and felt his muscles tensing.
Steve smiled too and he hadn’t lied when he imagined all three of them becoming close friends. Meeting for Halloween to watch bad horror movies. Yes, that sounded like something he could live with.
Steve was so close his whole body was desperate, his muscles already clenching a bit, his fingers now literally tearing Tony’s skin. His body moved so hard back against Tony’s thrusts he was scared to break something but then he didn’t care as long as he got his release. At a particular angled thrust he lost himself in all the sensations as his orgasm rushed over him. The bliss when he finally came sent his sight turning white and left his whole body on fire, his heart pounding and his back arching while he was taken away by all the pleasure that washed over his body. He barely felt Tony’s hands gripping his waist, steadying him before he took everything he needed to come himself. The new sensation mixed with the aftermath of his orgasm and when Tony retreated, his vision was still blurred and thought were only slowly coming back while his body tried to relax. His breath was heavy as was Tony’s but his lips curled in a weak smile anyways: “Just tell me I don’t have to sign anything.”
“Good morning”, Tony stood in the middle of the chaos and looked at him with a contrite expression. Steve just kept staring at him while his still sleepy mind tried to catch up with everything. Tony was standing in front of the stove, only dressed in his pajama pants and a tank top. Steve could see the familiar light of the arc reactor shining beneath. Only then he saw the remains of a pan on the stove melted into dough that mostly had turned into ashes.
Tony only glared at him, all his actions screaming “prove it”. He felt nails tugging in the skin of his back, leaving marks and probably also little stripes of blood. By the way Tony moved his body, sucked on his skin he knew it was intentional. He didn’t care. Instead, he let his hands settle on Tony’s hips, placing them over the already reddened and darkened skin, sending them home. He steadied the other’s body, controlling his every movement before he started trusting. He was more than sure Tony wouldn’t need that much of gentleness. Tony’s hands tugged into his back even stronger, somewhere between desperately looking for a hold and angrily fighting for payback. He heard Tony’s moans better now, sensed how his body was torn between fighting and giving in, pushing back, getting more. He could see it in the other’s eyes, Tony’s body now rocking back against his trusts, seemingly not getting enough. Once Tony had stopped restricting himself, his movement uncontrolled, unrestricted, their kiss sloppy and intense, Tony’s tongue demanding, his fingers always torn between caressing Steve’s skin and destroying it. Now that Tony had stopped controlling himself, ssaying that Tony was loud in bed was wrong. He was indeed shameless. Steve wondered how nobody was checking on their room, but maybe the music was even louder than Tony’s moans and please, his low chuckles and hissed orders.
Steve woke up to an unfamiliar feeling. The sheets were incredibly soft, not at all sticky, and his body still tired. He squirmed a bit and something felt amiss. He groaned as he moved enough to turn around. Tony lay next to him, nestled up in the blanket, his body sprawled out lazily. He was still sleeping, his breast rising and falling slowly, his breathing soft. Steve smiled at him and shifted. He was too lazy to get up and tried to get comfortable again without waking the other.
Steve bitterly thought about all the people who enjoyed falling in love. His problem was, that he enjoyed it too. Being in love with Tony Stark made things better and worse at the same time. One moment, Steve saw something, a tiny gesture, a smile, that made him believe everything was going to be fine, the next moment he realized that he had no idea what Tony exactly felt for him. So he hid the smiles that crept on his face whenever Tony did something that made him hope and acted like everything was alright when he felt like nothing would ever be alright again. It hurt to pretend nothing had changed.
“Then we can go back to the deal?”, he asked and his voice caught between tremor and hope.
nickname.”
“I am”, Steve replied finally and felt his heart skipped a beat before it kept pounding twice its normal speed. There was no going back now.
When Steve woke up, his whole head was spinning. He sighed and shot his eyes closed again, grateful for the calming darkness. That was before two realizations hit him.
Considering this very prominent position of the ‘Starks’, it was no surprise luck wasn’t on his side.
Chapter 5
She shrugged her shoulders: “And I am pretty sure making out on the toilet isn’t allowed either”
“Don’t look like that. I’m not a big fan of Mr. Fantastic. Sam’s the name by the way.”
“I’m not-“, Steve started once again but Tony’s fingers had reached the hem of his trousers and were terrifyingly slowly pulling down the zipper. Steve just stopped dead and honestly considered walking away. He had never been aware of any exhibitionist kink and was quite certain that he had no intention on finding out this way.
“Alright”, he replied and felt his hands form into fists because the pain was back, biting into his skin and making swallowing hard. “So, this is the reason why we are at a boxing club”
“Such a tease”, he managed to say between two kisses full of battle and teeth.
Steve was so busy staring at Tony in disbelief that he couldn’t suppress a small noise escaping his mouth when Tony’s hand covered his one and intensified his touch.
“We already figured that out”, his mother chuckled amused and shot his father a meaningful look. She was really good with these too.
“Why isn’t-?”, Steve started, shocked about whatever exactly was going on. There was no way Tony would really do that.
“So you’re the one Tony Stark chose to have some fun with last weekend?”, Steve jumped on his seat and was sure he was currently getting a heart infarct. He looked up, securely, warily, unsure about who was sitting right next to him- and why.
He would probably regret this later but right at this moment, it felt fantastic. He looked up, his eyes meeting Tony’s. The other looked at him in a way he never had before, there was honest surprise in them and then something else, maybe admiration or some sort of affection. But the expression vanished too fast for Steve to understand it.
“I don’t think so”, he replied and Tony laughed.
The shrill alarm was still pounding in Steve’s ears when he shoved the kitchen door open and just dowsed whatever in there might be burning. It took Steve a couple of seconds to clam down his wildly racing heart and another moment to blink the white fog form the fire extinguisher away before he was able to see properly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was speechless. He could swear his mouth was open in mid-air, or at least not fully closed. His tongue felt dry. “YouTube?”, he managed to get out.
------------------------
And yes, this might be a bit cheesy…
“Well, at least I know the reason for us standing here now”, Sam said from behind him and came to greet Bucky. He was still laughing and it was basically one of the most likeable laughs Steve ever heard. He had no doubts they would get along way too nice.
Tony only laughed. It was a harsh laugh, condescending and ironic:” Oh, what are you? 12? Can’t you just name things?”
And I'm really, really sorry that it took so long.
“It’s more the city.”
Maybe it was better like that. Maybe Steve should accept that they were not meant to be together, that they were meant to dislike and hurt each other.
“How did you know?”, he wanted to know instead and it was true curiosity and not just the urge to change the topic.
“Sure you’re experienced enough for it, country pumpkin?”, Tony asked, rubbing his body against Steve’s, shamelessly and provoking. He damn well knew how he made Steve angry. Really angry.
But after watching Thor 3 yesterday my Inspiration is finally back!
Well, hello everybody!
It would have probably went on like this forever if all had remained the same. But it didn’t remain the same and for the first time, Steve really and truly regretted not telling Tony. Because while he had waited and waited and waited, others hadn’t.
“You are such an idiot”, Steve managed to get out. He felt paralyzed on one side and had wobbly legs on the other.
“Oh, don’t look like that. Drink something”, his best friend screamed over the music and went for the first drink that came across his view. Some of the weird colored cocktails.
Yes, a cliffhanger, I know...
When Steve came home, his only wish was to never see Tony Stark again. He had a long shower, washing of all the insults the bragger hat thrown at him. He shouldn’t care, Tony was a jerk who took himself to important- but he still did. Maybe because he really had not much friends. One to be more precisely. And even James Bucky Barnes told him to get more social contacts. Which was one of the reasons why he shouldn’t be surprised that he ended up going to the month’s biggest party only a few days later.
“We should to that more often”, Steve finally said, his fingers stroking Tony’s skin.
When he entered the bedroom, he felt – to his own surprise - rather angry with himself than with Tony. He hadn’t been as drunk as he would have liked to think, so alcohol was no excuse. He should have never fallen for the way Tony flirted and he should have stayed had home. Now it was too late and the regret felt bitter on his tongue when he cleared his throat.
A smirk appeared on his face: "Oh, I love truth or dare"
Bucky shot another glance at Sam, who looked equally helpless and sighed. There was some terrifying determination in his eyes when he turned around to face Sam. Steve wasn’t quite sure what all of this was supposed to mean when-
“Oh come on Steve”, Bucky appeared right next to him, a cup filled with
After another eternity (I'm really, really sorry) I've finally managed to finish this chapter. I had a writer's block and it took me forever to write the few hundred words that kept me from finishing the otherwise complete chapter.
Surprisingly, after so many months, I have not abandoned this and I still intend to finish this story. There are not this many chapters left, so hopefully I will manage within the next couple of years (given the pace I’m writing) …
Sam had tried to keep track with him at first, concerned, but had stopped soon after.
“You were the one who complained about Steve not being involved in the action”, Natasha answered calmly.
“Why don’t we change position?”, Tony bend down, his lips traveling the same path Steve’s had gone before.
in his hands- no doubt it was alcoholic- and forced him forward: “Have you never dreamed of going to such a party? Lots of people who are all drunk and won’t remember anything tomorrow, alcohol that is not cheap and bad tasting, expensive furniture, the richest guy I’ve met so far…”, he teased thought there was still some honest disbelief in his friend’s voice.
“When you are that happy that I have a social life”, Steve argued and slowly moved through the room aiming for his bedroom door, “why are you still standing here looking like I have a big problem?”
“Moral standards? Honestly? Do you really think it’s so easy to manipulate me?”, Steve asked, his teeth clenched and his face hopefully bold and condescending. He could be arrogant too if he had to.
“Have I heard what?”, he asked in confusion. He was not the first one to know the newest gossip like Sam did, nevertheless he kept himself informed. And he could not imagine something that would cause Sam to act like that.
“Then I should feel honored I guess.”, Tony purred, his breath hot against Steve’s skin. Steve snorted derogatory.
“Feels good, doesn’t it?”, Sam asked and his eyes were full of understanding.
“Have I what?”, he asked and felt himself blushing.
Madness aka the next semester is going to start soon (but I am looking forward to it) so I thought better now than never. Plus, I had some spare time after I passed all the exams from my last semester.
Sam looked at him with his eyebrows raised suggestively and Steve broke into laughter. Now he was 100% sure that Sam was somebody he liked to hang around with.
“And I thought you had that little fight going on”, Clint asked, his eyebrows raised.
Steve knew he had a perfect hard-on and he knew that Tony wanted to hear him beg. He also knew that he did not want to. That was quite a conflict he had there. Tony’s hands settled on Steve’s hips after had gone rid of the other’s trousers. He could sense Tony’s satisfaction and couldn’t help but shudder when he felt the pressure of a body over his own. It made him think of all the things Tony could do now. Of all the things he was going to do. He felt lips again, sucking, slightly teeth, felt how they left marks on his skin and intensified his already fast-going breath.
“I was trying to make pan cakes”, Tony interrupted him.
“I should have never engaged in that whole thing”, Steve murmured and mentally started to prepare himself. For a swift moment, he even considered leaving without saying anything but that felt like the wrong thing to do so he discarded that idea.
“So, son, care to explain me where you’ve been?”, his dad asked as soon as the door closed behind him. His eyebrows were raised and his voice was strained with something between anger and curiosity.
"If you can take it", Tony purred, his lips captured the blonde’s mouth, pulling him into a sloppy open mouthed kiss driven by want. Then the other’s hips went down, following the line of his neck. Steve already knew that Tony would bite him before he felt his teeth on his skin. He had known for the first moment that this was not about love or gentleness but about lust and power. It was not making love, maybe not even fucking, it was war. Roughly and intense, without a pause or mercy. And there was no way he would let Tony win.
Steve texted back.
He was still glad he had friends who would listen to him whining about Tony all the time. Today seemed to be one of these times when his morale support had decided to become a tease.
So amazing that his thoughts were all positive and naïve, expecting this day to be like any other future day would hopefully be like. Eating lunch with Sam, chatting during American Studies. Looking forward for the other classes to end. It was perfect.
Steve snarled and wondered if there was a possibility to just forget about this. Or to get rid of Tony (in a way that did not involve him going to prison).
“You fantasize”, Steve tried to defend himself but his best friend only shh-ed him. “I know how my best friend looks when he had a sexual encounter”, Bucky said and his voice left no room for protest, “Tell me every dirty detail or I’ll never drive you anywhere”
Now almost totally healthy again and with all that exam-stoff passed, here is the next chapter.
“Don’t forget crawling back to me”, was the last thing he heard Tony saying before the door clunked shot behind him.
“Okay”, he hissed, trying to get enough air to talk, “you won this round. I give up.”
“I am sorry I have ambushed you like that”, she stated, a mild smile appearing on her face, “I should probably leave”
“This is all your fault”, he stated breathlessly while getting a bottle of lube from the close drawer, “yours and that of your horrible clothing”
“We are not here to watch a movie, are we?”, he whispered as the hand began to slowly travel upwards.
“A friend, Bucky, is going to pick me up”, Steve replied, eying at his clock. Bucky was late. As always.
“Any hope?”, Sam asked and tried to look at least a bit understanding. But he couldn’t suppress his amused smile: “I really look forward to meet him. I kind of expect that to be funny.”
“I do”, the Cheshire grin was back, and it was wider than ever, “only question is if you accept”
“So why don’t we start with me making you pay for last night?”
Tony looked at him with raised eyebrows as he tugged his shirt back into place. “That’s not helping”, he stated, and then with a grin at the bulge in his trousers, “not at all”
“You call that motivation?”, Steve asked with disbelief in his voice, “that’s a nice way to describe it, really.”
“No. I’m pretty sure you also got those Iron Man shorts.”, Steve denied, however, he couldn’t hide the spark of amusement in his tone as he spoke.
Tony said on one of the benches, reading another scientific journal. When he looked ip, there was absolutely no surprise in his eyes. “I started to thought your courage left you”, he commented and got up, scanning Steve’s body, then licking his lips. “I’m glad you considered my offer”, he stated and moved closer.
“What? I thought he did not-”, the knot in Steve stomach just got tighter.
Bucky was already waiting for him in his car. His fingers lazily drubbed on the wheel.
Steve heard himself sighting into the kiss, incredibly relieved.
“I’ll getting a bowl for these”, he pointed at the food supply in Steve’s hand, “you know where the TV is”
It took only a couple of minutes and the lights to go out until Tony laid his hand on Steve’s tight. A coincidence, he thought but then there were never coincidences with Tony.
Steve could feel the alcohol in his blood pretty fast, which was one of the reasons why he didn’t run away screaming. The other reason most likely was that Tony was still next to him, his hot body pressed far more against Steve’s than necessary. Maybe it was still part of the dare Tony obviously had to complete, thought the brown-haired could also be drunk enough to flirt with every living being. Considering it again, Tony didn’t need to be drunk to flirt with every living being.
“I know”, the other still grinned and sat down, pulling Steve with him, “It’s one of the best spots if you want to see the coast line” He pointed at the beautiful view in front of them and leaned against Steve, offering him the donut box they had bought.
"Looks like I'm winning", he purred and let his lips ravish the other's skin. Steve felt himself falling deeper and deeper and there was no way no recollecting himself. Every time Tony pressed himself against his lower body, rubbing himself against him, shameless like a whore, he grew hotter. His world minored to those hips, the waist swinging rhythmically to a music he couldn’t hear. The heat building under his skin was collected in his stomach and went further down. He knew he was getting a hard on and also knew he couldn't do anything about it. Tony knew too. Of course, he did. After all, it was his fault.
“We have been dating”, Bucky’s face was flushed and Sam stood next to him awkwardly, the shock still written all across his face. Their hands were connected in a shy yet tight embrace. Bucky probably should have warned Sam before coming out of the closet like this.
“Do you know Pepper Potts?”, Steve had a feeling that this question should make him worry about what was coming next.
“That was…”, it was one of the very rare moments Tony was speechless. His gaze was lingering over Steve restlessly, his eyes wide and his breath still uneven and hitched. Steve was really proud of himself.
“That’s boring”, Clint complained when he settled on the not so active option of the game again.
I hope you enjoyed reading this.
Damn well, it worked, was all Steve thought.
“Don’t start with that!”, Steve protested and tried to kick the other, but Sam was fast enough to pull away.
„We are in a donut Tony”, Steve stated and looked warily around. He hadn’t expected the donut to hold their weight.
His mother chuckled and his dad’s posture relaxed a bit. “We’re glad you agree with us on this. We only want to make sure you don’t make wrong decisions.”, his mother smiled at him and to Steve’s absolute horror, there was still curiosity in her eyes: “Now that we can be sure you won’t make any mistakes, how was your first interaction with actual people?”
Tony made a quick step, now standing right in front of him, his lips curved up into a sinful and yet challenging smile, his fingers hovering so close over Steve’s body he could feel the warmth of rushing blood.
“Good. It would have been a shame otherwise”, Tony looked at him, a grin playing on his lips. He seemed to be himself now, self-confident and loud and a lot of trouble. But then the grin spread into a smile and with a sigh, Tony settled back into his arms.
“Maybe a little bit”, Tony agreed and simply enjoyed the cozy gentleness between them.
He laughed and winked, his eyes sparkling with humor. Steve joined in his laughter.
He chuckled and gave Steve a pat on the back.
Tony smirked at him in a very inappropriate way: “Am I this predictable?”
They didn’t really talk about it. Steve only nodded and grinned at them before getting into the car and Bucky grinned back and winked while Sam still had problems executing basic actions like walking. He did look rather pleased thought.
Tony was trying to get his attention again but he would not be dumb enough to fall for that trap gain so he ignored the elephant in the room until said elephant placed a hand on his shoulder and wheeled him around.
“No need to be like that. You got an excellent fuck and had fun. I could understand you whining if you just lost your virginity. But I think I’ve already mentioned that that’s not the case.”
I hope you enjoy!
I hope you enjoyed!
“I have a reputation to maintain”, he replied winking and pushed himself away from the wall.
Therefore he just kept lying there, not able to move the tiniest bit. Tony next to him greedily sulked in the air, still panting. Steve closed his eyes, bathing in the aftermath of his orgasm, enjoying the calmness he felt now as well as the feeling of control – or something close to that. Tony’s body shifted next to him and Steve opened his eyes again.
Steve’s breath got caught again, but when he recollected himself this time, his hands went up to meet Tony’s hips with bruising intense. “I’d rather go for the more violent version”, he hissed.
However, he could swear that they were keeping something from him. He knew Bucky well enough to tell when he was lying, and there were some tells when Steve asked him about his plans for the day or what he had done yesterday.
Tony only grinned his Cheshire Cat grin, cunning and wicked: “It’s still a fight after all and I intend to win”
His answer sat around a little couch table across the room. He only saw them because their voices and catcalls were even louder than the ear shattering music. Bucky next to him laughed and his gaze made his way from the cheering crowd back to his best friend in serious need for help.
“Oh, I think I can manage”, Tony purred into the other’s ear before theirs lips met in a heated kiss. Tony felt their mouth clashing in mess of tongue and teeth and heat. Tony was urgent, desperate even and he out it all in this kiss.
He whined desperately and finally managed to rub his hard-on against Steve’s, earning himself a needy yelp from Steve and another two fingers almost roughly joining the one already inside of him. He moaned loudly, easing himself into the friction and burn, welcoming it like an old friend. Steve stretched him fast and precise but couldn’t stop himself from teasing. Tony saw satisfaction on his face every time the fingers brushed against his prostate, leaving him desperate. He was a mess. And he wanted more.
It's not that long but I hope all of you will like the new character I'm introducing with this chapter. It's my first time writing a fanfiction in which he is in, so I hope I didn't mess anything up.
The good thing is I've had time to write the next two chapters (there's a lot of drama in them) so hopefully I can manage to publish them soon.
“Do you enjoy winning so much?”, Steve replied and there was derision in his voice, mirroring how Tony always talked, how arrogant and self-pleased.
“A donut”, Steve repeated and looked quite desperately at Tony, “a donut”
“If I hadn’t kissed you right now, you’d have never told me, would you?”, Tony remarked mockingly, kissing the corners of Steve’s mouth, something he had never done before, but it was really cute somehow.
“Honestly?”, he murmured and eyed at his watch. Well, still 15 seconds to go for a new record. And Bucky seemed to be determined to break it. Sam only stood next to him and laughed.
His teacher, Mr Jackson settled on doing a group task, which involved him talking to other people. On normal days, he would have clenched his teeth and searched for other socially awkward people, but today was different. He just sat there, hoping he would be left over or something like that. He stared down in his book, ignoring everybody around him.
“You started with that topic anyways”, he muttered, trying to look angry or at least reproachful.
He formed his hands into fists, trying to control whatever emotions boiled in him. It was only mildly working. He saw how Tony sensed the exact moment his self-control was about to shatter into a million pieces.
He should start wearing horrible clothes again if that always meant angry sex with Steve.
Another pause and then a wink. “You really want me to say that out loud while Mr. Jackson is standing right behind us?”, Sam’s smile was charming and warm and Steve honestly felt like he had found a friend.
Steve only winked playfully: “Depends on your stamina, don’t you think?”
And the last time fun did not involve something sexual or Tony Stark.
The ending is a little bit sudden because I decided to make two chapters instead of one (mainly because the second part of this isn't finished and uploading this took way to long already)
“Because nobody expects us to sit here”, Steve argued and reached for the double chocolate donut Tony had insisted to buy.
Idiot, he thought before his thoughts were ripped away from a tongue circling his length. His hands cramped even more into the sheets- if that was possible. His whole body tensed and oh god, it felt amazing. Tony’s talent in bed certainly had been no lie. His voice felt raw and his whole body was oversensitive, his mind was racing, everything seemed to burn. And Tony was far from done. Steve felt the other’s tongue swirl around his length, making him even harder. Then he felt Tony going still for a moment. It helped him calming down a bit. He wondered what was going to happen next. If Tony was going to leave him like that, he would throw all his pride away and beg. And beg and beg.
Neither of them talked on the way back to Steve’s house and yet Steve felt better that he had in ages. Sam stayed in the car when Steve got off, looking at Bucky like there might be a bone to pick with his best friend. Steve would ask Bucky about this later. They had planned to meet up at Bucky’s place and now that the whole thing had turned out to be nothing short of a romantic comedy, he was looking forward to that evening.
Tony took a step back from him, wiping away invisible dirt from his elbow where he had touched the other. It was all a big show. And the audience started cheering as if he had tamed a tiger or climbed on the Mount Everest.
“We pretend, for fuck’s sake, it started because I was annoyed by all the people molesting me for being popular and rich”, Tony came closer, the smile on his face grew further.
Steve didn’t respond. Well, not with words at least, he pressed Tony’s body back in the sheets, making him stay there, towering above him with all the strength and the advantage his height gave him. Tony only raised a challenging eyebrow. Steve snarled. His teeth connected with the sensitive skin of the other’s neck, biting and drawing blood. He heard Tony hissing and kept tearing the soft skin until he was sure he had proved his point.
Mostly, he was just scared. Bucky looked at him, then at Sam again, his gazed increasingly worried. He got around the car away from the driver’s side to where Steve was still standing.
“Where?”, was the only thing he said before his mouth went back to explore Tony’s body. He heard Tony moan and felt his body tensing and arching and enjoyed it. It sent blood down to his groin, making him hard again. He could see Tony’s body, aching and covered in sweat, clamping into him helplessly, dependent from his every movement. He smirked, and he guessed it was one of those dark grins again that seemed to be so unusual for him but now felt so right.
“It’s my very specialty to make you angry”, Tony muttered, trying to collect enough breath to talk properly.
(See the end of the chapter for
The blonde laughed harshly and winked at Sam: “Fight is the word you’ve been looking for. We basically tried to kill each other”
Tony laughed but his eyes seemed to sparkle wickedly: “What tells you that I paid them?”, he purred, finally moving a little bit closer.
Stay tuned ;)
“You”, the red-haired pointed at Tony, still with that wicked sparkling eyes, “have to give him”, her finger wandered to Steve and stopped right in front his breast, “a lap dance.”
He shot Steve one last furious but strangely sad glance before he got up, turned on his heels and left.
Then again, saying ‘yes’ would mean admitting all those things to somebody who could use words as weapons and to whom the people listened. Tony could be a ticking bomb, Steve was sure of that. He could easily ruin his life at this school and in this city. Starting this kind of relationship would probably be nothing more than a constant fight. He would make it a good one, hopefully.
Tony’s lips formed an smug: “What exactly?”.
“You-“, he started, ready to break his own rule of not cursing. Before he could even finish talking, lips met his in a sloppy, daring kiss.
“Don’t you think it’s a little bit weird? You would maybe call your three-year-old son that. Maybe.”
“Only one word, Steve”, he whispered and for one moment his lips softly connected with Steve’s before he pulled back a bit. Steve could feel the ghost of the kiss still on his lips. He rolled his eyes, surrendering to the body so close to him.
It seemed like a total change had gone through the brown-haired man. His movements were slow and seductive, his eyes dark and challenging, his slightly parted lips a silent threat.
He was nice, certainly, and then Tony just walked past him and send his mind spinning. Probably he had the same effect on the other. He knew only the rumors about Tony’s personality and the small parts of Tony he had seen when they met. His impression was facile and still he felt like knowing that there was something more. Those Cheshire grins and leers, the teasing, it was a big game in which the roles were yet unknown. They were about to find out, if Steve only admitted to himself he wanted it.
He let out a harsh, dry laugh that even surprised himself in his bitterness: “You’re the one who can’t stop flirting with this woman all the time!” He literally spat the word ‘woman’ out. He really wanted to tear something apart at the moment.
Steve looked at him for a long, long moment until his face spread into a large grin and he held out a hand for his lover. “You get rid of it, sex twice as long as we’re not on a mission”, he agreed.
Sam heard it and a weak smile danced around the corner of his mouth.
Steve had almost started to forget the stares and as he was not interested in Tony’s personality he also started to forget that somewhere in this school Tony Stark was most likely playing superstar. Sam had really and truly saved his day.
“Am I successful?”, was the only answer he got. There was not a slice of regret in Tony’s voice.
They were clashing even before the door fell shot. Steve could feel the anger and the want in his body, his mind, his every movement. It was a mixture of losing control and of being the one in charge.
“It’s not but”, he made a pause and Steve was quite sure it could only get worse, “Bucky and I are no idiots, Steve. We know that you like him and probably it's going to be a little rough seeing...”
“What I did to him?”, Steve just repeated, dumb folded. Then, after a few second, his brain kicked back in. “You are here to tell me I am the asshole in this story?”
They took off towards the city center and while he had no idea where they were going, he was glad not having to see the school anymore. They drove for about 20 minutes, being caught in traffic jam occasionally. Sam was talking to him, ranting about Tony at first, then going on about their classes, trying to distract him.
“Which is exactly why I forced him to come here”, Bucky was completely himself now, loose and happy and talkative, “he needs to learn what fun means to adult people.”
He was about to turn around when-
Well, it's not exactly an excuse but I've been ill (flu ;-( ) quite some time (in which I watched way too much Doctor Who episodes) and then we had roal exams in English.
“You could say so, yes.”
By now, he lay awake in the evenings, stared at the ceiling and asked himself why this was so hard. Why he had started it in first place. How he could have been this naive. He had seen enough movies (despite Tony's claims that said otherwise) to know that relationships like theirs always ended in a chaotic mess. At least, the movies managed to make a happy ending out of all this trouble. Movies, not reality. And now it was too late and Steve regretted not having known better.
“You’ll drink more of it than I’ll”, Steve grinned at him and it was probably the first time he had somewhat close to fun this evening.
“He’s only somebody from school, his name is Tony Stark, I don’t think you know him…”, Steve started and saw his mother pressing her lips together into a thin, straight line and his father clenching his teeth together as soon as he mentioned a name. Of course they’d know.
There seemed to be another meaning behind that sentence, but Steve couldn’t get to it. When he looked as puzzled as he had a minute ago, Tony decided to enlighten him.
Tony glared back but took his time to gaze Steve’s body up and down demonstratively.
He never talked about it, didn’t mention it to anybody. The only ones who probably knew were Sam and Bucky who were always curious and knew him better than anybody else- including himself. Sam was particularly interested in him and Tony as a ‘thing’ or however one would call it. He seemed to think of them as a great match. He never said so without a teasing, but Steve knew he was serious about it. It was useless explaining that they hated each other and it was also useless to remind Sam of the deal Tony’s and his relationship was based on. Sam would only laugh and wave it off.
Sam and Bucky were the only people who knew, aside from those Tony had talked to, and Steve was quite happy about it. No stares, no weird comments, no annoying eyes following him around.
“That you were interested in both men and women?”, Tony chuckled, “I can sense one’s sexuality from a ten meter distance at least”
One of them could easily be Tony and Pepper and that was an imagine he just couldn’t stand. He took his drink and left for the part of the bar that was more quiet, darker too, a corridor behind the dance floor.
“Not at all. Our parents used to work for the same company. Now that company settled to move to the city and it offered to some employee that they could move too so they can keep their job. Bucky’s parents said yes immediately because they came from a big city before moving at the little village I’m from. My parents were more hesitant, so Bucky’s been here for almost a year. He’s doing great. Has more friends than I can count and rocks being one of the most popular people in college.” He made a pause, looking at his clock again and grimaced: “Which may be the reason he’s always late to pick me up “
“But as your friend”, Sam grinned at him, “I’m telling you, you should shower. We intend to get drunk next and you can’t do that smelling and looking like this”
“Well, that would make two of us then”, Steve stated and was not sure whether he should grin like an idiot or sight.
“You were the sporty guy, weren’t you?”, Sam suggested.
It took Sam and Bucky not very much time to agree on a place to go, more or less at least. They ended up in Bucky’s car, both of them discussing eagerly while Steve stared out on the full parking lot, instinctively searching for Tony’s car, and wondered if Tony was right now inside their school building, holding hands with Pepper Potts, flirting, kissing her even. It made his skin crawl. He did not want to share Tony. He did not want himself to feel this way. Instead, he wanted nothing more than to forget.
“What do you want? I see no reason to talk about anything”, Steve asked bugged. Tony’s appearance was about to ruin the rest of his day.
Tony only lifted his arms defensively, showing his surrender: “Natasha, darling, I only taught him some rules of social life”
For a brief moment Steve considered lying but as his parents were way too close to Bucky’s, they’d find it out anyways. They always did. Hopefully they had never heard of a guy named Tony Stark. However, after everything he knew about said ‘Stark’, Tony was only the youngest of a family of billionaires, owning companies both selling weapons and renewable energy. Their name basically lit the city after they had finished building the town’s newest skyscraper.
“I suspected you to have more self-control”, Steve chuckled even thought he was pretty needy himself now.
“What were you doing here? I told you a billion times that the kitchen is not your laboratory and that…”, Steve started. He had put lots of work in organizing this kitchen.
“You know what so say”, Steve purred against Tony’s bare flesh. Tony’s body trembled, and his eyes flattered closed for a second. “Bastard”, he snarled and his muscles tensed. Steve felt it and wondered what was coming next. He was taller and stronger than Tony. Thought Tony was wicked. It was the split of a second, a harsh movement, hands that pushed him forward and sent him falling. He could feel his body hitting not the cold floor as expected but the soft layers of the bed he had seen from the corner of his eye previously. Tony hovered over him now, his smirk was as cunning as it was mean. Tony’s fingers dug into his chest, is crotch rubbed against Steve’s.
People were crowding in the flat and even thought it seemed large, bodies were brushing against him every step he took. He disliked the closeness of heated flesh to him and the smell of heavy alcohol in his nose. Nevertheless, he couldn’t get away. Bucky seemed to enjoy himself perfectly. Which meant that they were not going anywhere soon.
“I haven’t said ‘yes’”, Steve corrected but the other only laughed. It was a dry laugh. Tony knew madly well, what he wanted and how to get it. And he was an incredible tease.
“He looks even worse than before”, Sam’s reassuring hand on his shoulder brought him back from his thoughts. “We came up with the perfect plan for today”
It felt like he could breathe freely for the first time in ages. Tony was not only affecting his way of thinking but also his behavior. Unbelievable. Having left the flat and having freed his mind from whatever had occupied it (maybe Tony’s ass because damn, he couldn’t stop looking at it), the utter shame and embarrassment flooded him.
Steve hated the mockery in the other’s voice. He felt Tony leaving his lap. His body immediately craved for the missing warmth and his hands let go off Tony’s waist only with a slight hesitance. The brown haired recognized it, his face turned into a knowing smile but he silently turned away, waiting for Steve to follow him. This would have been the moment to say no, to turn around and walk away from this craziness, this madness. However, he was longing for the Tony’s body and there was something else that simply pushed him to go. The competition maybe that had started between them.
“Especially after Mrs. Barnes told us that you’re with Bucky”, she added. Steve flinched a bit and wasn’t sure whether his parents were amused or angry.
“I guess that's not surprising”, he stated and couldn’t stop his voice from shaking the tiniest bit.
Steve let out a groan, his lips settling on Tony’s neck, leaving angry red marks on the sensitive skin. Tony tilted his head back, exposing more skin. His lips formed a sinful, little ‘o‘.
Steve clenched his teeth: “Isn’t that his own problem?”
"We are friends Steve", he continued, voice softer now, "and if you require my time to rant about Stark or to shed tears or drink because you are lovesick, I’m there. One word and I'll call Bucky so we can head straight to wherever you want to go"
The jumpsuit was pulled further down, revealing what Steve had suspected. Tony was indeed wearing Iron Man briefs and judged by the widespread grin on his face, Tony knew all too well. He felt the blonde’s hands scratching over his body, felt teeth leaving marks on his skin for everybody on display. God, it was good.
“Okay, okay”, Steve sighed and gave up, “I just want to mention that you forced me do tell you theses incredibly embarrassing things.”
“Because you have been behaving weird for a week now. You don’t tell me where you go, what you do! I feel like I am not part of this group anymore”, he did sound more pissed off than he actually was.
Sam gave him a quite annoyed, playful angry look: “That’s what everybody thinks. However - wait until we’re chased by some weird chainsaw scotching serial killer. Then we’ll see who is outrunning whom.”
Sam was like always, just a little bit too talkative, too much attempting to be normal.
Another small step closer to his room. He was not sure if he wanted to continue this conversation.
He knew that he now had to do what he had hoped to avoid: talking to Tony. Telling him that he basically regretted everything, couldn’t look in the mirror right now and was still confused and in a state of shock.
The only response he got was laughter and Bucky’s “I want to see you try”
Steve smiled, then smirked: “You have a point there.”
"Thank you", Steve murmured.
“I’ve no idea how I survived before Netflix existed”, he stated when he turned the TV on, scrolling through his collection of movies and series.
“There is no point in trying to keep your pride”, Tony said, that very smirk of his clearly painted on his face. Steve hated him for it. On the other hand, if it had been otherwise, he would have been disappointed.
“Misunderstandings?”, Steve punctuated every syllable, “that’s what you want to call it?!”
He used the chance to get rid of the millionaire’s arm around his waist. He felt like he could breathe again. The moment he wanted to stalk away quietly, searching for the chair the most distant from Tony’s, Natasha decided to stop him. She was beautiful and though as always, her cheeks flushed a bit, nevertheless her gaze was till sharp.
Bucky raised an eyebrow on that and Sam looked like he was at least as miserable as Steve felt.
“But you should now that I like it both ways”, he whispered as you would whisper sweet nothing’s in the ear of somebody else, moving his body over Steve’s, towering above him. “And you got to fuck me into this damn bed so I wonder what I get in return”, Tony’s mean grin sent shivers down Steve’s spine.
Thank you so much for your patience - I hope you enjoy this chapter!
He buried his face in the other’s body, inhaling the scent and bathing in the warmth. Steve hummed contently, his thrusts still rough and deep and hard but also intimate, slow. Tony felt his hand slipping free from the other’s grip and instantly wrapped himself around Steve’s body, his arms pulling them so close together their bodies fit against each other like pieces of a puzzle. He moaned, deeply content. Steve only pressed him closer, his one hand steadying Tony’s body against his, right where it belonged, the other hand moving down to rub over Tony’s straining erection, timing it with his own thrusts, bathing them both in shared pleasure. When their lips entangled in another heated kiss, slow and long and burning, it was enough for Tony to send him over the edge, leaving his while body shuddering through the aftermath of his orgasm and his mind swimming in pleasure. He felt Steve’s breath, then the urgency of the other’s movement, the way Steve’s thrust grew more and more erratic. All it took for him to come was Tony moving back against his thrusts once again.
"It's just so...", he desperately searched for words but none of them seemed to sound right, "unexpected. I knew we weren’t a real something. But I hoped and I couldn’t tell him and now it’s… "
Steve only groaned. He had seen it coming. “Could one of you remind me why exactly I let the two of you meet?”, he asked and threw his bag in the back seat of Bucky’s car.
“Poison? You would die too", Bucky laughed and simply took one glass filled with green and yellow liquid.
Steve felt his cheeks redden and his stomach tighten. “I would prefer it if you could keep quiet about it. And please don’t call it that.” Sam laughed pretending to be indignant:” Don’t be such a bore”
“Not at all”, Tony breathed out, surprising Steve once again. Tony’s fingers clenched in the sheets and still there was hunger in his eyes, in his every movement. “So why don’t you put a bit more effort in? I’ve been fucked better.”, Tony’s smile was condescending and challenging all at once, his raised eyebrows spoke of an amazing body control after all, his tiny grin drove Steve crazy. He literally wanted to pull him apart.
The worst thing was: Steve knew he should and yet he couldn’t. He wanted to, badly even. He imagined how it could go, how he would explain everything and then Tony would either laugh because it truly was ridiculous or return his feelings. It made his stomach curl when he thought about being turned down, about losing everything they had.
“Honestly?”, Tony glared at Natasha, his eyebrows raised unbelievingly.
“And because we hate each other, there’ not need to hold back”, Tony’s breath was hot against Steve’s skin and his kiss was hard and without mercy, “and I know you don’t like holding back”
They were both spend and exhausted, their clothes and bodies a real mess, but Tony felt so blissfully happy that he didn’t care. He cuddled up against Steve who hold him quietly, his breath growing steadier and steadier. At one point, they simply sunk down against the wall, Tony halfway over Steve with Steve’s arms around him.
Yet the only thing Pepper did was nod again.
“There are no signs saying it’s forbidden. And it’s romantic somehow”
“I reject finding a man in a children’s jumpsuit attractive”, he said in his boldest voice and was even himself surprised how determined he sounded.
“Well”, Steve replied slowly, not sure what to think of it, “that certainly isn’t my problem”
Hello everybody!
“You’ve no idea what I could do to you”, Steve’s grip tightened, maybe leaving bruises on the others skin.
“Don’t worry. Not this time. And compared to the YouTube video that got viral one time…”, Sam grinned in this “I-told-you-so”, self-conscious way and raised an eyebrow: „Happy now?”
“No need to be that shy”, she laughed and raised an eyebrow, “did he pay you to come here? Because that would be against the rules.”
It turned out that the bowls were not needed anymore.
“You don’t mind telling us the name of that friend of yours?”, his dad said, his arms now on his hips.
For one time he seemed like Bucky was the one waiting and not Steve. He got up from the bench and checked his image in one of the mirrors. He looked almost completely normal. Only his hair was still a bit messy and his cheeks a tiny bit redder than normal. It was good enough.
“Always”, Tony replied and tried to break his skin once again. His neck must look purple all over by now.
Steve watched them for about two songs before ordering another drink. There were too many people on the dance floor, too many couples kissing and touching each other.
“I’m begging you, please let me come”, he muttered, sounding desperate as well as angry. However, it was enough. He felt friction again and his muscles tensing and white heat and hot pleasure when he came. Tony hadn’t moved an inch, swallowing everything with a smirk on his lips one could see clearer than ever. He retreated lazily, Steve panting on the bed, still with stars in front of his inner eyes. Tony now looked like a cat that had eaten canary: really, really content. He slowly licked his lips and it was basically the dirtiest thing Steve had ever seen. Quite obvious it had to come from Tony.
Sam flinched uncomfortably in his chair and his eyes caught Steve's, trying to calm him.
“Well, he tries to break the last record of being late. Which means we’ll have to wait at least 2 minutes more. Minimum.”, Steve shrugged his shoulders, “I bet you will like each other. Both of you are outgoing and humorous, I can already see how you two make fun of me all the time. I should come up with some really good repartees.”
“Could you please stop distracting me from the topic?”, Tony leered, his eyes showing how very well indeed he knew which buttons to press.
“I swear I will break the damn door if you not let me out this instant”
Sam and Bucky tried to shield him from most of it, but they were only human and hadn’t yet mastered the art of splitting themselves into multiple people to be omnipresent. He was alone in some of his classes, alone with Tony in one even, and that was enough. His thoughts seemed to be defiant whenever he tried to ease them into something that was not anger or longing, something that didn’t have to do with Tony Stark. But they rebelled and kept spinning like an absurd merry-go-round with himself in it except for the ‘merry’ part.
“Maybe.”, Sam admitted but the smile never left his face.
“Sometimes I wonder how so different people like us can be friends…”, Bucky sighed and boxed his friend at the shoulder, “I know it’s not your cup of tea, but I know you, and my knowledge tells me that you either need new friends or a relationship. And this party is the best way to prove that you are not a country pumpkin.”
"Both of us know that’s not true" Sam replied and made it clear that he was not about to discuss that.
“Are you serious?”, he screamed at Bucky but his best friend only ignored him and arrived exactly 10 seconds later than the day before.
“Bucky”, Bucky said and smirked, “nice to meet you. “
“Nobody ever said something about fairness”, Tony replied with a mean smirk on his face.
“You don’t need to be that careful”, Tony whizzed and his gaze was taunting, “I did not bring you here for vanilla sex”
Steve only glared at him. No way he was drinking that. He didn’t even know what was in there. Apart from the cocktail’s name. He was about to pass the glass back to the cocktail-serving boy, but Tony was faster. Steve should have known it. That Stark kid was an asshole and he seemed like he enjoyed it.
The brown-haired pressed back against his touch, his body still tense and his movements somewhere between control and instinct. “Could you?”, Tony asked and brought their bodies once again together, almost breaking Steve’s rips by the eagerness he slammed their bodies against each other, “and now, get on with it”
He made his way down slowly, sucking more bitemarks into the other’s skin. Tony once again moaned and Steve could see his eyes becoming wide and a bit glassy. He wanted more of that, of that control he never had when they only talked.
Steve was not sure how exactly he managed to maintain his “relationship” with Tony when he most of the time felt like he wanted to rip the other’s throat out. Thought it was kind of a good feeling. He needed the anger Tony could made him feel. It was relieving and somewhere deep inside of his brain, Steve knew that he was longing for all those anger and the roughness.
Tony’s smile twitched only for a second but it was enough to tell Steve that Tony was pissed. Well, that was good. Hopefully. It turned out it wasn’t. Tony was against him faster than Steve would have thought possible and it was a shame that his body was already reacting and longing for it. Steve could push Tony away easily but with the way Tony managed to make his presence dominant and breathtaking, he wasn’t even considering it.
“Yeah, it’s nice to see you too”, Tony answered and tried to hide the debacle behind his body.
“Honestly? Country pumpkin?”, Steve asked, his brows furrowed.
So in those nights, Steve liked to tell himself that something that couldn’t be described in words was not able to exist in first place and that Tony and he were merely sleeping with each other. It was a lie and it worked most of the time for both of them.
“I figured you’d say no so I made things much less complicated”, Tony replied and Steve didn’t need to see to know there was another bright smirk on his face.
“You really are insufferable”, he said through gritted teeth.
It was painful to say it aloud especially because he had never truly said it before, never dared to admit it to anybody else. And now it turned out he had been wrong about it the whole time. A lie. A lie he had told himself because he wanted to see a version of Tony that wasn't there. He sighed and Sam sighed too.
“Natasha?”, Tony slurred, “what do you have for me?” She furrowed her brows, exchanging glances with both Clint and Bucky. Then her face spread into a mean grin. Clint started to grin too. There seemed to be some secret communication between them. It was scary and Steve got the weird feeling that whatever Tony would have to do would indeed involve him.
When the ease in his body left and his tense muscles grew relaxed again, Tony’s determining, almost hard grip on his shoulders was a shock. His breath hitched and his eyes searched Tony's face for a reaction, confused, overwhelmed. But Tony only gifted him the most wicked, dark and seductive Cheshire grin he had ever seen seem before he settled with one swift movement on his lap, pressing their bodies together.
But whenever he tried to say something, to hint his feelings, everything just froze and meaningless words he never meant to say tumbled out of his mouth. Tony probably thought he’d gone crazy judged by all the random stuff he suddenly talked about just to not talk about his feelings.
“Sam”, the other answered and answered with a smirk on his own, “looks like we’re going to have lots of fun teasing Steve here.”
“He’ll need something to drink”, Tony judged and Bucky nodded in approval, reaching for one of the drinks and placed it in his friend’s hands.
In fact, all Tony did the next days was display so much happiness it physically made Steve sick. He always seemed to be chatting or laughing with someone, surrounded by his friends, even more popular than usual. He spent his lunch with Pepper, the two of them holding hands, looking perfect. She was laughing a lot too. He hated the sound of her laugh even though he knew none of it was her fault.
“I won’t do such a thing as crawl or beg because you want to fuck me”, Steve replied, and this time he was much more determined as before.
“Oh, we’re glad Bucky is this persistent”, his dad’s lips curled into a smile and there was another meaningful look between them. It seemed likely they had put all their hopes of Steve finding friends in Bucky.
Steve was very, very close to giving in. Well, Tony’s offer was not completely unattractive. It was true what Tony said and he couldn’t deny he had enjoyed the roughness between them. When he was only seconds away from saying yes, from giving in, the heat of Tony’s body against his disappeared. He looked up to see Tony backing away, his smirk very, very prominent: “Think about it. I’m already looking forward for you crawling back to me.”
I already started but won't make any promises as to when I get it down.
I also wanted to say that the opinion of Steve's parents about rich people is not my opinion. I think they have a lot of biases, but it is only part of the plot and nothing else.
“What do you think?”, he purred in Tony’s ear, his breath warm and his voice rough, “how does this one end?”
Tony only smirked at him, inching closer, presenting his body pretty much aggressive to Steve. “I could just get rid of all clothing”, he purred, his eyebrows raised suggestively, “or we could do it right here” He had reached Steve now and let his hands settle on the other’s hips, pressing their bodies together.
After all sorts of complains, and Steve had made lots of them, Bucky only threatened to give him a fireman’s lift and carry him all the way to the party. That would have been a typical Bucky-thing. And Steve was persuaded Bucky would keep his word. So he had, after begging his best friend to have mercy on him, put on the clothes the black haired had thrown at him. He felt uncomfortable, not because the clothes were scratchy, simply because they were a) not his style and b) not his style. The shirt he wore definitely favored the fact that he had muscular arms and a trained, well-formed upper body, but Steve never exactly cared about his looks and it felt not right to wear something that revealing and showing-off. When he looked in the mirror, only his old-fashioned but beloved hair cut had remembered him of himself.
"Seems like we understand each other. That’s exactly the way I like it”, Tony’s face was spread into the most sinful and most threatening grin he had ever seen.
On the other hand, their different behavior had nothing to do with him. These were still his friends, and nothing had changed. Well, except for the amount of awkward side glances and longing stares.
I hope you enjoy reading!
He felt his breath hitch when Tony’s lips arrived at his stomach and hands started to nestle with his trousers. Tony could probably sense his excitement and when he slowed down his movements with an evil little grin, Steve was reminded of why exactly he always felt the urge to punch the Tony. But there were still lips caressing his skin and hands that drew circles on their way closer to Steve’s inner tights, all of it there to seduce him. And to make him suffer. There were too many breathless moans to count them and it felt like minutes until Tony’s lips moved closer another time.
Steve enjoyed this kind of power, how he was able to coax all those sounds and pleas out of Tony. It was such a nice diversion to the usual arrogant Tony.
Steve smiled and put his arms around Tony, burying his head on Tony’s shoulder.
He suspected that was what Tony wanted, why he was here. Nothing more and nothing less.
“It’s okay”, he said above the music, “you can leave me alone for a view minutes”
“He’s only scared to show us how filthy/dirty/versaut he really is”, that came from Tony who had been flirting with him occasionally for the last couple of minutes. Always in the arrogant, teasing way. Steve had to grind his teeth together. He was not sure if he wanted to punch Tony Stark or if he rather looked for a good response to his endless flirting.
“Drawer you idiot”, Tony hissed, sulking in air as Steve rewarded him with stroking his length. It took Steve not more than a couple of seconds to open the drawer and find what he wanted. From what he could feel and see the whole drawer was full of all sorts of things one could use for sex. He rolled his eyes and sighed deeply. It was so much Tony-like he should have expected it.
Pepper wasn’t the only person acting weird the next few days.
The first time he really, really realized all the consequences this little adventure would have. The staring people at school, Bucky, Clint and Natasha, his own dignity and pride. How could he ever look in a mirror again after he had done exactly the opposite of everything he swore himself to do. On one hand, yes, he felt good and confident and graved to get back to Tony and their fight, on the other hand, he was a person blessed with reason. He was not a person of every interest to Tony, and he certainly did not like the other. At all.
Still he felt the other’s body shivering and clenching around him. He was in control. He should be in control. Maybe it was an illusion, maybe they were still in the middle of a fight without any battle won. On the other hand making Tony beg and scream was all he needed and wanted right now, all he cared for right now. He buried is head in the kihle between Tony’s head and shoulder, knowing that he now covered the other’s body almost completely, intensifying their touch, adding friction, adding closeness, domination. He could sense every tiny motion of Tony now, experienced how his muscles clenched with every shallow movement he made, enjoyed how Tony’s mouth let out the quietest moans as soon as he shifted a bit.
"Fun?!", Steve echoed, "you honestly think that-"
“But I am Iron Man”, Tony insisted, a childish grin on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
The lube felt cold and slippery on his fingers, but he knew that feeling all too well and it calmed him somewhat down, that fucking Tony would be no different than fucking anybody else. Besides being totally different. He had never felt an urge that had been that big, to fight, to claim, to surrender all at the same time. He couldn’t even tell apart what was lust, what hate and what probably affection. It was that mixture that made his mind spin and his body shudder under every of Tony’s touches. And it was this special mix that was now demanding its tribute. His hands found their way to Tony’s ass again, cupping it, admiring it. Tony only snarled and his body moved against Steve’s without any patience now.
But it seemed like Tony had something else in mind. His eyes connected with Steve’s and Steve felt like Tony was winking at him playfully. There was no way he could have predicted what happened next. He felt Tony’s mouth relaxing around him, felt him taking even more of his length. The friction made him groan and then scream when Tony took all of him. He seemed to possess a magical talent for relaxing his mouth and throat. Or lot of experience. That basically was the last time his brain worked properly before everything went blank when the other started moving. First, he slightly moved his head before his movements sped up and so did the friction. Steve heard himself moan and when he wasn’t moaning he was screaming. Oh God.
“This means what exactly?”, he inquired warily.
“Could you please not curse?”, he said instead of answering, torn between all the things he could have said.
He started to buck his hips with the thrusts, angling the fingers inside of him to hit just the right spots. His back arched and his toes curled and Steve looked at him like he wanted to consume him whole. Teeth and lips were all over him as his own teeth and lips were all over Steve. It was exactly what he needed to overcome the sudden, short loss of Steve’s fingers until they were replaced by Steve’s erection. He heard his breath hitch loudly and then heard the blissful scream ripped from his lips as soon as Steve seated himself fully inside of him. The other’s thrusts were hard and rough, full of need and desperation exactly as his own hips snapped back at each and every one of Steve’s thrusts. He wondered what would break first, his back or the wall and yet he was longing for it, the roughness, the delicious friction mixed with the bittersweet pleasure of burn and need.
Obviously he could. “You enjoy it. You’re only to proud to admit it”, Tony declared and once again there was no need to see his face. The Cheshire grin was in his voice open and clear.
It sent shivers down Steve’s spine because he could perfectly remember other situations Tony had smiled like that.
Aside from missing their relationship, the part where Tony was just there, he missed burning of steam. Whilst most of his anger was gone, leaving him constantly tired and disinterested, there was something else building up in his body, a constant annoyance, the urge to punch something, to exhaust himself so much his brain just shut down and his body ached.
So when I had a bad day yesterday, I finally wrote this chapter (yay!) There’s not that much plot in there (sorry) but some smut (not sorry).
I really hope you all enjoy reading this after such a long time!
“When did I ever lie?”, Tony asked and his smile was mocking innocence, “I’ve always been honest with you. I don’t like you but that the good think, now isn’t’ it? You don’t have to like the people you have sex with. It even gets better when you don’t like them.”
The next day in school felt strange. Even though he hadn’t told anybody what happened on the party (nobody talked to him anyways). But as soon as he entered the school building he felt eyes sticking to his back and following his every movement. Maybe Tony posted something on Facebook- or the people hadn’t been as drunk as he had thought. He tried to hide in the toilet until the first bell rung and he hurried to class, head down and without attracting attention. English was a class he liked, most of the time, however, today it couldn’t be worse.
"Not exactly. It's an on/off thing. She's stunning and smart but she can be really tough if she wants to. They break up now and then only to be back together a few weeks later. It started in freshmen year. After their last fight, nobody expected them to become a couple again", he tried to explain and it almost worked expect Steve should have known and it made everything worse.
Steve sighed. Sometimes, it was really hard to understand his parents. They were so liberal in their views, they didn’t care about his sexuality, but they deeply distrusted everybody who had enough money for a proper two weeks holiday trip.
Sam knew about it the next day in school and Steve was almost surprised he hadn’t texted him before. Bucky must have told him the second Steve had left the car.
“I am crawling nowhere, darling, I’m offering you something. And if you don’t want to because you think you have high moral standards, that’s not my problem”, Tony hissed, his voice sharp and his grip almost bruising.
“Is that a compliment?”, Tony asked teasingly and looked up at him through heavy lashed eyes. They were bedroom eyes in perfection and Steve loved them.
Tony shook his shoulders: “It’s true. I just know what people are interested in.”
“You do like it”, Tony simply stated and Steve was glad nobody realized what they were doing or how redness filled his cheeks. He did like it. And there was no way he’d admit it. Still, Tony had won.
I hope all of you enjoy!
His eyes were too observant and Steve didn’t want him to see the heartbreak.
The movie was fun even thought he had no idea who the characters were and what they were trying to do. Tony gave his best to explain everything, but it ended more or less with him questioning everything that happened and Tony picking on him because apparently the one-horse town Steve was from knew nothing about cinema.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s why we’re your friends”, Bucky stated and went to refill the bottle.
First things first. And first thing was to get home. He was curious what his parents would say. He was 18, but as he still lived with his parents until he finished high school, it felt not at all different than it had felt when he was minor. He was torn between expecting them to be angry and them being glad because he finally acted like a social being. They had expected him to find friends easily as he used to at home. They had been more than surprised when he came home from school in a depressed state.
“I was quite sure it would”, Sam said and looked at them with a wide smile, “the way both of them tried to kill each other basically screamed for hot, rough sex”
Steve only raised an eyebrow, sarcastically saying: “Yeah, for sure”
Probably that was just how things meant to be between them: a constant imbalance in which both of them struggled to maintain the upper hand. It was a fun thought and it got even better when he pictured all the moments he had managed to overwhelm Tony, when he had made the other moan and beg. They both needed it because otherwise their lives would be lacking something. Steve needed Tony to let off steam, to be the part of himself that wasn’t nice. The thing between them was a more or less stable co-dependency. Made that was the word he had been looking for. It sounded like an appropriate term, simple and clean and also slightly terrifying because he never had been depended on somebody like Tony Stark.
Have fun reading Chapter 3 (Tony Stark and alcohol are involved)!
Hello everyone,
“Please, just-”, he moaned, desperate. Tony kept him right there. Right on the edge. There was this cunning expression in Tony’s eyes again. In fact, he looked like a cat playing with a bird, pretending to be lazy and content and harmless but in reality, it was tense, cruel and not at all harmless. He knew that Tony could keep doing this forever. Until it had driven him crazy.
Tony only shook his shoulders: “It’s a special talent, I guess” There was still a grin on his face.
I got a stressfull holiday job and had some kind of writing block.
“And still you’re here, aren’t you?”, the other replied, his fingers once again only centimeters away from Steve’s skin. A constant tease.
Bucky shrugged his shoulders and pressed the elevator button: “I know it’s not exactly the best thing in the world, but I’m imagining that you just make him pay for all that bragging. You could seduce his on-off girlfriend. I think Pepper was her name. Or beat him up in some empty corner. Music’s so loud, nobody would hear his screams” Bucky winked and made that really scary facial expression he wore sometimes. Steve was never sure if he was serious about those things or if he only made fun.
“That was when he was about 15 or stuff like that. Youthful folly. And now calm down and tell me everything.”
They were somewhere downtown but everything beyond that was unclear. Sam already opened his door and jumped out of the car, almost pulling Steve with him.
Bucky laughed: “I can’t wait to see that”
However, in some tiny, precious but painful moments Steve caught himself wishing otherwise. Sometimes, he dwelled on the idea of him being part of Tony’s daily life, being part of all the stories Tony told about his friends and rarely about his family. He imagined them kissing, holding hands, maybe even doing something as cliché as writing notes during class or celebrating Valentin’s day.
“What?”, he grinned darkly, “did you expect me just to sit here and take it?”
“How can I say no to that?”, Steve let the other go and they both returned to the bedroom in order to get dressed.
He flipped Tony around, both of their bodies colliding with each other and then with the line of lockers on the wall. He felt how Tony’s breath was pressed from his lungs for a second, could see how Tony’s grin flickered for only an instance before it returned with hot amusement and fire.
“Meaning you are our chaperone right now”, Sam teased him.
“There is the option to actually talk to me. I am more responsive than that poor door”, Tony suggested behind his back, dry sarcasm in his voice.
Tony’s mouth went back to tearing his skin again and his fingers left Steve body, leaving him longing for what was coming next. “Let’s find out how much exactly you can take”, Tony muttered, his voice was rough but there was still promise in there and it was sweet as poison. Probably it was also a threat.
Steve stared at them, mouth agape.
Tony’s smirk to that was all the answer he needed to know that Bucky would very much regret having them locked in his living room.
If he now admitted it, all of it, it could either end everything – and probably would make his life a living hell – or it could solve everything and maybe he would even get a happy ending.
“What the-?!”, Steve started but his voice broke in the middle of the sentence.
Steve did not think him so strong. But his body even though being not exceptional muscular was tense and strong, keeping him securely on his back. He could still move his arms thought. He thought about forcing Tony to change positions, but then decided to wait. It had taken him barely more than two hours before he had heard of Tony Stark’s amazing skills in bed. Who could say no to that?
He took another sip from his drink and marveled at what heartbreak made him do. He wasn’t one for drinking, for trying to drown his thoughts. And yet here he was.
“It doesn’t matter what I think”, Tony was so close now that Steve could feel his breath, “it only matters what I want.”
“No, I just overheard Stark talking to Natasha. And decided to ask you for clearance.”, Sam grinned at him widely, his eyes still curious.
So Tony had been right. Steve came back crawling to him. He hated to admit it, but it was true. He found he couldn’t resist the deal Tony had proposed, couldn’t get his mind off of the idea. He was thinking about Tony all the time, picturing him and his body, writhing beneath him, or, for the other time, him being beneath Tony, struggling to regain control. Both of it was weirdly appealing and then there naturally was a point where he couldn’t resist the urge anymore. Thought he was not admitting it. No way. Certainly not to Tony, and also not to Bucky or Sam who both grew increasingly suspicious. Both of them would find out, he was sure of that, but at least he could tell them the story he wanted to.
“Actually, you do”, that was Sam. He did sound rather smug.
"Remember you said that when you can't walk tomorrow", Steve said, his voice darker as he had ever heard it before. When his arms snapped up and settled on Tony’s waist, forcing him to hold still, he could see Tony’s eyes covered in shock and surprise.
“Not a bad character”, Tony corrected and his hand wandered down between Steve’s legs once again, cupping his slowly growing erection, “only the sexually most active”
“You are a perfect match for me, aren’t you?”, Tony’s lips moved on his, and this time the movement was rough and demanding and so much like Tony it took Steve’s breath away. He answered the kiss, his lips opening slightly, welcoming the other tongue. He could feel Tony biting his bottom lip, felt no regret when he tried the same and tasted blood at some point. It felt good, it felt right and he wouldn’t want it another way.
“Surprised?”, Steve teased and Tony pulled him closer, pressing their lips eagerly together, stealing the bitter taste away from Steve’s lips: “Oh yes”
“We should get you out of this”, he finally stated, his teeth nipping at Tony’s already reddened skin, underlining his words. “Definitively”, was all Tony managed to breath out before Steve pressed him harder against the wall and his lips against Tony’s. His hands roamed over the jumpsuit, greedily exploring the body hidden beneath. Tony had to sulk in his breath, admiring how Steve was everything he’d ever wanted. He started to rub his body against Steve’s, bringing them closer and apllying the friction he so desperately needed. His erection had started to grow the moment Steve had said ‘Deal’ in this particular voice.
Steve nodded, automatically. He shouldn’t be surprised, he thought, and yet he was. Hurt even. He sighed, deeply and massaged his temples.
“Because of Pepper, right? I’m flirting with here. And dating…”, Tony left the sentence unfinished, but his voice had lightened up a bit.
“That’s exactly what I’ve been trying to say. You are Iron Man, there is no need to buy your own merchandise products. Plus, you won’t enter our bedroom like this.”, Steve stated, his voice fierce and determined. He was totally serious about this one. Tony wouldn’t get his will this time.
“Any idea what to watch?”, Tony asked and Steve simply shrugged his shoulders.
He prepared for sharp, condescending words. None of that happened. Tony was laughing, yes, but it was not mean laughter, it sounded relieved – and happy.
The other man still was totally unimpressed, he wasn’t even looking at him and when he talked, he sounded totally disinterested. “Thought you would be panicking more”, he mumbled in his magazine.
Thank you so much for reading!
“Can’t you get on with it?”, Tony hissed, his voice rough and intense.
Steve’s couldn’t think about everything else the rest of the day. Even while he waited for Bucky to pick him up his mind was going through every detail of what Tony had said and did. So he almost jumped when Sam appeared next to him.
Obviously, he didn’t know at first because then he would have just turned away and left.
“I hate you”, Steve snarled.
“Oh God”, Tony’s head rested against the wall, his lips slightly parted, his vision fizzy. His breath hitched when Steve bit his nipple again.
Steve tried not to flinch and instead kept looking at the brown haired: “You hear a lot of things about Tony Stark when you are new to this school” He made a portentous pause, scanning his opponent for a reaction.
Steve decided he liked that guy. Even thought he was a little bit direct.
“Remember it’s all your fault”, he hissed at nobody particular, before he turned around to face Steve.
“But let’s talk about more interesting topics”, Sam looked at him with the outmost curiosity, “how was the sex then?”
“Hopefully poison”, Steve griped and scanned the different glasses warily.
Steve was only a millimeter thin line of control away from slamming Tony against the next wall. Hard.
“He has more money and more friends”, Natasha answered, her voice between serious concern and playful tease: “So it works according to his rules. You should remember that the next time. I won’t play the babysitter another time.”
Tony seemed to hear him because he finally let Steve go and turned around.
He looked forward to school, which he hadn’t expected, to meeting his friends of whose existence he was still amazed, and weirdly he looked even forward to seeing Tony Stark again, who he still hated more than everybody else. But he had to come up with some revenge for that horrible nickname after all…
He rang at Bucky’s place about 10 minutes too early and wasn’t surprised to find Bucky open the door looking a little bit rumpled.
It was enough for Steve to sulk in air and shiver when cold air touched his sensitive skin. Goosebumps formed on his body, made him even more sensitive for Tony’s hot breath who had lowered himself down another couple of inches. Steve was still busy remembering to breath and keeping control of his body when Tony’s lips finally reached the part of his body where it got interesting.
Sam nodded and there was a light sadness in his eyes: “Being the new one is hard, isn’t it?”
One could say that Steve was restless the time he reached his room and just laid flat on the bed for a couple of minutes before he went straight to the punching bag. It was good to get all those conflicting thoughts out of his head by punching at something, and sometimes imagining it looked like Tony. However, boxing mostly helped to let his thoughts roam, to make decisions. His previous self, or at least the person he once thought he was, wouldn’t have considered Tony’s offer at all. No decisions to make, only a word to say. No.
“You finally did it”, Steve, patted him on the shoulder, “I thought this would be going on forever”
“Well, see you tomorrow then.”, Steve took leave. Sam waved and walked over to his motorbike. Bucky’s eyes followed him in driving mirror.
At some point - the villain had just released an army of monsters - Steve felt himself dozing off. The last thing he remembered was mumbling something about how illogical that part was and Tony correcting him with a long monologue about something very complicated. It involved at least seven other movies Steve hadn’t seen. Probably, that was the reason why his mind decided that sleep was the best Option.
He leaned into the other instead of moving backwards as the billionaire had expected and well, it seemed to show that he had learned during their relationship. At least Tony could pride himself to be a good teacher – which was no use to him in this situation.
Tony made his last, desperate move to get away with wearing his own merchandise. Flirting always was his last retort. “I could get out of it”, he mused, his lips and breath hot on Steve’s skin. Steve stayed strong.
Enjoy reading!
“Do you have...?”, Steve started breathless his hands still roaming over Tony’s body.
“I was participating in social life”, Steve mumbled awkwardly and kept standing in front of the door, his fingers playing with the shoulder straps of his bag.
“No, I don’t.”
He smirked in a way that made Steve’s stomach curl. “Don’t you dare making this one boring”, he whispered and his nails bit into Steve’s skin while Tony’s body rubbed against his. Steve said nothing, felt no reason to answer to this. He only grinned back. Challenge accepted.
Wasting his time? Whilst one part of him wanted to scream at Tony and tell him that he was a jerk and that he was the one wasting Steve’s time, the other part of himself, the one that enjoyed talking to Tony afterwards, the cuddles and kisses that were soft and caring, wanted to tell him. About his jealousy, the fact that he thought he had fallen in love with him. Everything. Thought that was not going to happen. He would not offer Tony Stark the chance to laugh about what he had done to him.
The other nodded, most likely to himself. There was some sparkle in his eyes. Steve saw it and it sent shivers down his spine. Tony was going to laugh. He was sure of it. The embarrassment already started flooding his veins.
Tony chuckled and lazily stretched his body, hissing a bit and eyeing the marks on his waist skeptically. “Leave or stay. Your choice”, he finally stated and there was a lot of curiosity in his eyes.
“Then surprise me”, Tony muttered, rocking himself down hard against Steve’s grip.
“We can definitely help with that”, Natasha laughed too and there was that sneaky, wicked undertone in her voice that made Steve shiver. Hopefully she was never going to be angry at him.
Of all the people he had never expected to find in Bucky’s living room (Santa being on top 2), top 1 just sat on the couch, staring at him.
“Let’s just keep going”, Clint huffed and turned the bottle. When it stopped at Tony, all of them seemed relieved. Tony had done everything so far. He had offered Steve that drink, kissed two strangers, asked somebody for sex and called that hotline-thing the blonde hadn’t understood yet.
Steve knew he was alone now. Or as alone as one could be surrounded by happy people drinking and celebrating and dancing.
So, when the crowd spit him out, he rushed to his locker, trying to open his lock. It was a bit tricky because the way you had to spin the lock was more than complicated, especially when you had only three days to practice. When he finally managed to open his locker, he should have felt happy. Instead, he felt goosebumps rising on his nape. He had the awkward feeling that lots of eyes were staring at him. His heart sank into his boots. He already knew what was to come. And he desperately wished for the floor to open up and swallow him. He was not in the mood to face Tony Stark. Who obviously realized that Steve didn’t care at all about his presence. Not the nicest realization for somebody who thought of himself as the middle of the world. Or the universe.
“You’ll die having that nickname”, he predicted laughing. “Why don’t consider joining the track and field team. We could use some support. Track and field never’s been the most popular sports here. And if I talk to the coach…”
"Sounds great", Steve smiled and tried not to look at the remaints of the kitchen as they left their apartment and headed to the car.
“You really missed me”, he said full of mockery but his body started to work against Steve’s, his hips moving against the blonde’s crotch. Tony looked content as a cat when Steve had to close his eyes in bliss, his lips parted and his body shuddering. Steve simply wanted to tear all those close into shreds, finally forcing naked skin to collide. He let out a groan when Tony once again lazily and yet demanding grounded against his body.
Welcome back everybody!
“I know that you manage to blow up almost everything, but pan cakes?”
“He looked pretty fine to me the last time I saw him”, Steve remarked dryly, folding his clothes again because his hands needed something to do in order not to fiddle nervously. Or ball into fists.
He had gotten a bar, a bar mixer, cocktails in all colors and with crazy names, wine that looked old and excellent and most of all what looked like tons of beer, vodka and sparkling wine. Everything you needed to wake up with a headache and without memories. Steve guessed for most of the people it was perfect. He hated it.
“No, I haven’t. Plus your ‘richest guy’ is somebody I definitively have no interest in meeting again”, Steve answered and he was really, really sure about that. If he had ever dreamed of that, it would have been a nightmare.
Tony only looked at him in utter confusion, his eyes searched for some glues, first in Steve’s face than in his posture. “I’ve no idea what the fuck you are talking about, country pumpkin. But if you honestly intent to start a fight”, his chocked eyebrows pointed at his tense muscles, “please be kind enough and explain me why”
Bucky offered him a bottle of water and he greedily took enough sulks to empty the bottle in one go. Half of the water was staining his shirt, but it didn’t matter much. It had already been sweaty and therefore wet.
The flat was nice and fancy and luxurious. Steve could almost sense the expensive furniture and the cleaning squad going through here every day. What he could definitively smell was the alcohol. He should have expected Tony Stark to throw party in his extravagant way.
“Why do you think something is going on?”, Sam still was the better liar, but not good enough.
“You know that you give me more headaches than all those villains trying to destroy civilization”, he explained thought his voice was soft and the smile on his lips were obvious. He leaned back against the rim of the advertisement they were currently sitting in. Tony sighed happily and settled half against his breast and half in his lap.
And now when it hurt so badly, it made him wondering if Tony ever felt something similar to what he had been, to what he felt now. Probably not.
“Could you just stop calling me that for only one second? Tony does that enough already”, he demanded but by the way both of his friends grinned it was useless.
“Track and field?”, Steve asked not really enthusiastic, “I’ve never been fund of running. There’s no sense behind it”
Tony must have picked something because music started to play and Steve stretched his neck to see the title that flew quite dramatically into the screen. It was something about superheroes and villains trying to conquer earth.
Mostly they talked about nonsense, stuff that was happening at school and meant nothing to both of them. When there was nothing in school, nothing about sports, they dared to talk about their private life, offering the other a glimpse of how their day to day life looked. Still, Steve was nothing more than an observer to Tony’s life as Tony wasn’t much more to his own. It was something they shared in one way and something that separated them in another. It was the one thing that kept them from being something like a couple, Steve thought. They shared a part of their thoughts with each other and under some perspective, they knew each other quite well. But the only thing they really shared, the only thing that really connected them was sex. Everything else was a bonus.
“It’s nothing”, he said in a monotonous voice.
-I’m on my way. Have I already broken my last record?
They met at Tony’s place, his parents as always gone. Steve has been exhausted after a particularly hard training session with the track team and Tony had scribbled in one of his notebooks. Steve knew he was a gifted scientist- even though he blew stuff up most of the time- and wondered what it was about. There were books stacked to high piles on the floor of Tony’s room but none of the titles sounded like they had been made for non-brilliant people.
“Do we really need to get drunk?”, Steve asked and looked with raised eyebrows at the various cocktails. No way he was taking any one of these.
Plus: the next chapter is already completly finished, so no waiting time there
“You can either continue to behave like a fucking idiot or stop that shit and talk to me”, he hissed, eyes full of fury, “because believe me or not, I want to get out of here too. Quickly”
Steve had thought that maybe, maybe the thing between him and Tony was special because they were close to each other, but it was nothing in comparison to the apparently happy couple in front of him. He suddenly felt sick. Steve should have known he wasn’t the only one, wasn’t in a real relationship. And yet it still felt like his heart was ripped out. He felt betrayed and as much as it shocked him hurt. He swallowed thickly and his throat suddenly felt very, very constricted. His voice was rough when he spoke and Sam looked at him with a worried expression.
“I get that you are angry”, Tony continued, making a step back after seeing the fury in Steve’s face, “but I guess there have been some misunderstandings”
He could hear some mumbling, muffled voices talking outside and then “Sorry Steve, but you really need to do this”
Although Steve started to feel something, their dislike for each other never really changed. Tony still managed to drive him mad all the time. But despite Tony’s qualities as constant trouble in Steve’s life, he enjoyed the other’s company more than he should.
Steve sighed again: “Would you mind-?”
“They’re working on making me drunk actually”, he answered, a bit unsure about what to say. When nobody seemed to take offence in it and Tony only grinned wider, Steve felt confident enough to talk more. “Thought I would prefer being at home.”
“Interesting coincidence then.”, Sam looked at him curiously and raised his eyebrows.
“I’ve already told you that I plan to ignore you.”, Steve repeated firmly although his fingernails were still pressing into his thenar.
Tony shrugged his shoulders indifferently: “I know when people are interested in me too. And you are. When you don’t want to tear me apart. Or it’s both. Hate and desire.”
Sam. Bucky. The only two things that were good about his life right now. His evening at the bar at been shitty, or at least the part he could remember before being drunk completely. Theirs had been nice. Steve was very aware of the way their touches had grown more intimate now, how they leaned into each other sometimes. They were still far away from admitting that thought. But it was there, on display, making Steve happy and jealous at the same time.
“Say ‘please’”, his lips were close to Steve’s hear without touching it. Steve shuddered beneath the warm breath. He looked at Tony and knew that this would only end if he admitted that he came back, willingly. It made him angry and yet he was sure that he could repay Tony somehow, make things even again.
“I have no idea”, Steve admitted, “and I don't care as long as it distracts me from oversized prom posters and painfully happy couples”
“So, I’m no expert in recognizing people nor am I Sherlock Holmes, but I think that’s Bucky”, Sam interrupted his thoughts. Steve looked up only to see the possibly slowest driving car he had ever seen.
Anyways, I tried to empty my schedule a bit so I’ll have more time to work on the next chapter and also some free time to have a social life again (and pick a university)
“Some people just don’t deserve manners”, Tony replied and his faces spread into a wide, derogatory grin, “and when I look at you, woodchopper, I don’t think you deserve any of it
“I am not going to talk with his asshole about how life just sucks”
“Pan cakes?”, Steve repeated in disbelief, “pan cakes?!” The mess was looking like an attempt to build a nuclear weapon and not like breakfast.
“How do you think I want to say sorry?”, Tony’s pupils were dilated, his voice breathless. His lips ghosted over Steve’s neck, before teeth replaced the softness of his mouth.
“How adorable”, Tony’s voice had changed back to this low tease that filled the other’s head with its intensity, “sure you can keep what you said?”
“Poison? You would die too", Bucky laughed and simply took one glass filled with green and yellow liquid.
“Mom”, Steve inhaled deeply, showing his resign, “this is not an interrogation!”
“It’s too early to get up”, he explained and his voice was softer than normal.
“And I thought you would use your curses not so frequently”, Tony purred, “but then I also thought you would like it sweet and gentle.”
“And I thought you like me in my armor”, Tony purred teasingly, his body all smooth and soft against Steve. Only it was not working this time.
“What exactly did you pay all of the others you slept with?”, the blonde asked dryly, “after all you have a reputation to lose. You can’t have them walking around telling everybody what an idiot you are”
“A lot”, Steve replied and laughed, “it’s only fair”
“You really made them sign a contract?”, Steve asked, captivated by Tony’s presence.
“You don’t tell anyone”, he demanded from Tony, stuffing all his belongings finally in the pouch Tony had given him.
Naturally, he hated his new school too. How crowded it was, how trendy and arrogant the students were. How lonely he was in his breaks.
There was playfulness and humor in her voice. Steve settled on liking her even thought she was befriended to Tony and kind of scary.
But helpfully my friends came up with lots of funny cocktail names so I could keep writing. Big thanks to them!
“What is going on?”, he blurted right out, not caring if any of them felt offended. He really, really needed to know. Bucky shot Sam a panicked glare Steve caught and Sam’s hands started to nervously play with the fabric of his shirt.
“I was not planning of having any relationship”, he stated and again, before he could process it, he added, “I was proved right when I met Tony. He is spoiled and arrogant and I certainly don’t want to be his friend. There is no need to worry. I’ll find somebody entirely flat broke” He couldn’t suppress the smile forming on his lips after his last sentence. He kept joking about it for a while now. Probably his parents would be happier about a homeless than about a lawyer or manager.
For long, precious moments they just stood there, enjoying the other’s presence. It was like finally coming home and maybe that was what it was indeed. When they left their embrace, Steve was instantly longing for the closeness again.
He knew that love sickness and heartbreak were only temporary and that his stupid brain was only over-dramatizing something that hadn’t even been a real relationship, neither affectionate nor exclusive. Yet his brain had stopped listening to his commands about two seconds after it learned of Tony’s betrayal.
“He seems to be totally unlike you”, Sam mentioned slowly not being sure if he was offending Steve that way.
He winced at the sound of his phone cutting through the silence.
“The last time I checked, Tony decided that I was not worth of his time anymore. If he can’t deal with his own decisions, why should I?”, he all but gritted out, glaring at her. She, least of all people, had not right to blame him for anything that had happened. Especially not if she had known the whole time.
"You wanna come and play?", he asked, his mouth next to the blonde's ear again and full of suggestive plea.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve also remembered the one time they went to the cinema and he honestly believed for a full 10 minutes they were there to watch a movie. But Tony had proven him wrong and in the aftermath, Steve wondered how he could have thought that going to the movies with Tony would ever be normal.
“Let me guess”, he stated and tugged his fingers in the hem of Tony’s trousers, “the next thing you wanted to say was reconciliation sex?”
Where are you?!
I was puzzled for literally a few months what they were going to do to distract Steve, but then I remembered the scene that introduced Steve for the Avengers Initiative and well, the whole boxing thing just felt right.
The moment passed a second later when that arrogant bragger placed an elbow on Steve’s shoulder, lazily leaning onto it: “Bet he’s never been to civilization before”
-when Bucky leaned over, hands cupping Sam’s face – who looked as if he might have a heart attack any moment – and kissed him. Sam stood stock still for a moment, his body so rigid it could have easily been a wall, before he melted into the kiss.
“Well, is there even a question we haven’t asked him yet?”, Tony sounded like a huffy child.
It took both of them a second to understand he has given them a clear to go but when the realization settled in, Bucky winked at him and dragged Sam towards the dancing crowd.
“And I have-?” “Yes. Or are you suffering from some sort of memory loss?”, Tony said and his voice was somewhere between poison and annoyance.
He was about to change into his running gear after school when the most unexpected person entered the boy’s locker room.
However, here is the next chapter, I hope you like it. And I'm curious what you think of the new characters introduced here.
Steve saw the way Bucky looked at Sam when he said that and a smile crept on his face. “Not many people here…”, he commented and Bucky looked like he might kill him if he continued, “aside from Sam naturally”
“You’ll see”, Steve snarled barely suppressing the rage in his voice.
“As soon as you tell us where exactly you’ve been”, Steve swallowed hard and his mother saw it, judged by her expression, equally worried and disapproving. He already knew his parents wouldn’t like it and mentally prepared for the speech they’d give him the second he was done talking. Thus, he tried to avoid the question: “We’ve been at a party from a guy from school. Everybody was there”
“You are way too full of yourself”, Steve replied and Tony laughed: “You don’t mind that most of the time”
“You don’t curse, darling”, Tony’s breath felt hot on his face and Steve couldn’t suppress the moan this time as the other’s hand pressed against his crotch.
On his way to Bucky’s place, he had bought some chips and Oreos, grabbed a few trashy movies and felt like for the first time since ground zero (aka the Tony Stark debacle) like a normal person. He was actually driven to whistle some old song he remembered and felt personally offended by some very judgingly stares he received.
“If”, he begun, his voice still husky, “if I should decide to get rid to it, I get sex. Every day. Twice.”, Tony demanded with a Cheshire-cat like grin.
“Yes, you should”, he echoed and stared at the door even minutes after it had fallen shut behind her. What the hell had just happened?
“What are you waiting for?”, Sam asked him, having a helmet tucked under his arm.
Because Tony undeniable was part of his life. Given the time he spent talking about him when Sam and Bucky were around, Tony probably was the third most important person in his life. It was a shocking realization and certainly, talking or even considering this topic was poison.
“Well, then don’t underestimate me the next time”, Tony’s victorious grin was kind of scary, but the others only laughed.
Steve sighed. He moved his eyes from Tony’s face to his body only barely covered by the sheets. The blonde snorted. Typical. From all the people he would end up with. At least Tony was good looking. For some one night stand one never had to see again. Hopefully.
“Didn’t think you would really manage to get them play”, another brown-haired man said. Steve had seen him before. Clint was the name- if he remembered right- and he was a good friend to both Tony and Natasha. He seemed to be the nicest of the trio and his eyes had a friendly sparkle in them.
“Keep quiet or otherwise I won’t understand the movie”, he said in a voice way too arrogant and self-confident.
“You may not be that inexperienced, but you do not make me beg. That’s my part”, Tony purred, his voice almost too soft for the situation.
“I merely gave you a little motivation”, Tony purred, his face stretched into a lazy smile, “I simply know which buttons to press.”
“Too much for your innocent soul?”, Tony asked, his voice harsh and teasing and full of triumph.
How very interesting indeed.
today (it's a beautiful, rainy autumn day and I am in my second last week of holidays) I got into the perfect mood to write and finally managed to complete the next chapter.
“Yes, I’m aware of that”, Tony hummed.
“Steve, what are you doing here?”, all his thoughts were suddenly interrupted and his mind was torn between fight or flight. Because he would have recognized that voice anywhere, Tony’s voice.
He swallowed again, this time harder and deeper than before. Tony let out some curse he had never heard of and Steve sensed how the other’s body shook beneath him. He smirked and Tony’s breath hitched, his whole body was moving in his direction and Steve eagerly obeyed.
“Thanks for bringing me here”, he replied, smiling at both of his friends.
“Looks like we found the country pumpkin who was supposed to enter our school”, Tony Stark said and his voice was pure venom.
They discovered that aside from English they also had American Studies together. Steve would have preferred him in all his classes, simply because his wide happy smile was catching and charming and felt familiar. His first new friend. It felt amazing.
Depending how long the smut gets (oops), I might split the end in two chapters.
“Then I guess you are glad to hear that Pepper is not my girlfriend”, Tony smiled and still had to giggle, “God, she’s like a sister to me. We only pretend so people will stop asking me for dates all the time. That’s so annoying. One should think people wouldn’t try and marry into money in the twenthy first century”
Actually, that was indeed something he wanted to do. And now that he thought about it, it was something he needed to do too.
“Oh maybe because I’m a normal person who hasn’t slept with the whole school - as you have.”
He reached for Tony’s wrist and to his surprise Tony was not backing away this time. He did quite the opposite. He leaned into the touch, his body against Steve’s, his lips so close it was almost a kiss, his smile still prominent.
“I can see when you lie”, Steve repeated, taking a step closer, “just tell me Bucky”
He did not know if his stare was disgusted or angry, but it seemed to make Tony bent out of shape too.
Tony – obviously having lots of experience – relaxed beneath him and his eyes did not leave Steve’s. His gaze was still full of hunger and lust, full of challenge, ordering him to act. Steve couldn’t help to close his eyes in bliss when he entered the other’s body, feeling the warm tightness all around him. Tony let out a long, outstretched moan and a low chuckle when he saw Steve’s closed eyes. Steve felt the need to make him shut up before he could say anything mean so he decided that there was not exactly a need for a break, settled his hands on the other’s body and started moving. He had hoped to take Tony by surprise but instead it seemed like Tony was surprising him. He eagerly pushed back, intensifying the friction and pulling their bodies closer, leaving not the slightest space between their bodies. It was a feeling like burning. They felt like one but still Steve could sense the competition, the roughness, the fight between them violent in many different ways. Tony’s lips were parted, his eyes still hungry and his body probably on the edge between utter bliss and pain. He also seemed to enjoy it very much and when Steve found himself capable of speech – and clear thinking – again, he couldn’t resist tasting the other’s skin, drinking in his moans and whines and couldn’t keep quiet himself.
Hello everybody!
“You are incredibly greedy”, Steve chuckled and pulled Tony closer.
“Your sex life?”, Bucky asked huffish, “I assumed we were here to cure my lack of it”
“I could…”, he started and wondered what he was about to say when Tony silenced him.
He liked the sex, and when Tony had been so close once again, he had thought of it again, felt the urge and the need, knew that he was craving for more. Knew that he still was.
Steve nodded, a weak smile on his lips. He still felt hollow, betrayed, angry -at himself mostly but also at Tony- and yet maybe he could try to forget for just a couple of hours. Now he regretted not having told Sam and Bucky earlier because maybe all he would have needed was push in the right direction. Now it was too late, so what he needed now was to forget, to get all that anger out of his system. He sighed. He just hoped the feeling in his stomach would get better at some point, that it would be alright, somehow.
Then she left. A few guys kept starring at her ass open-mouthed as she walked away.
“You could have at least warned me. Or even better: what about asking?”, he growled.
“There’s no reason to be jealous”
“We'll come up with something, won't we?”, he stated and Bucky nodded in agreement.
Obviously, this is not the last chapter.
“Dream on”, Steve turned around, collecting all the other things he had to collect, “you’re nothing more than a bragging, snotty asshole”
“Looks like we both have been wrong”, Tony simply said and the challenge in his voice was more prominent than ever.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was not planning on waking up with you”, Steve answered, his teeth clenched together.
“And tonight”, Bucky added, “because you definitively need a full-time distraction”
"It's nothing stable...", Sam started but struggled to explain how that was supposed to make anything better.
He felt hot breath on the sensitive skin of his arousal before he felt oh-so-soft lips touching his oversensitive flesh. His moans were raw and his eyes shut closed, enjoying the sensation of hot breath and soft kisses. His fingers clamped into the sheets, almost desperately, trying to distract themselves from how much they wanted to touch Tony right now. Oh, he would make sure to leave his own marks on the other’s body. A little grin, cunning and dark, danced over Steve’s face.
“I don’t think you are allowed to be in here”, he argued, somehow glad that he was still fully clothed even though under her stare he did feel naked.
From the next day on, their deal was working. Steve was surprised how easily it was and how well it went. It was still a bit weird for him having that sort of arrangement, but he grew happier with it every day. He had never met anyone like Tony before and therefore – and for lot of other reasons - it simply seemed to be right.
But the only way to react for Steve was to bug his hips, to move his body closer to Tony’s. He heard the other laugh and felt hands cupping his arse before there was an erection probing at his entrance. His breath hitched so loud he shrunk a bit and his fingers clenched so hard he could see his knuckles turning white. The friction was so wonderful he had to forcefully stop his body from moving. He was moaning now, long and low, showing all his pleasure. Tony was careful at first and when he was completely inside of Steve, he let Steve some time to cope. Even though Steve wanted nothing more than rough movements, than their bodies slamming at each other, he knew he had to adjust a bit. However, he minimized this time and after what only felt like seconds he started to bug his hips because he couldn’t stand in any longer. Tony chuckled, his lips pressing on Steve’s, stealing his breath and screams away when he started moving. Their bodies were so close Steve was not sure anymore where he started and Tony ended, and every time Tony thrusted into him, his body rocked back until the moved in unison. He felt his hands digging into Tony’s skin, pulling them together, exploring every part of the heated body above him, not getting enough. Every time he felt Tony’s cock meet his prostate with full force he was helplessly caught in his body moving on its own, arching his back and screaming when there was enough breath left in his lungs to scream. Tony’s hands were still travelling his body, his nails and lips, his whole presence leaving marks on his heated skin. As soon as Tony’s hands reached his erection on their way down, first cupping his ass again, then circling along his tights, Steve knew he just lost the very last bit of his already shattered self-control. The content smile was back on Tony’s face when Steve’s lips weren’t even able to express his pleasure anymore and they simply were parted without any sound coming from them.
“Guy, you slept with Tony Stark. You bury something like that before you do that. Or at least you should. You know, after all, you should be happy he didn’t post anything on Facebook.”
Suddenly, there was tension in the air, but not that delicious tension before any of their sexual encounters. It rather awkward and itched beneath Steve’s skin. He struggled to find an answer to that, had to fight the remainders of his own pride to be honest and at the same time was incredibly scared of it.
